Reaching for the Moon is a 1917 American silent adventure film directed by John Emerson and written by John Emerson, Joseph Henabery, and Anita Loos.
 The film stars Douglas Fairbanks, Eileen Percy, Richard Henry Cummings, Millard Webb, Eugene Ormonde, and Frank Campeau.
 The film was released on November 17, 1917, by Paramount Pictures.
 It has been released on DVD.
Jeffrey Charles "Jeff" Ragsdale ( ) is an American author, documentary filmmaker, actor and stand-up comedian.
 In 2011 he posted a flyer in New York City as a "social experiment", stating his phone number and asking people to call him, describing himself as "Jeff, one lonely guy".
 He was overwhelmed with thousands of calls after photos of the flyer were posted on the internet.
 The experience led to his 2012 book "Jeff, One Lonely Guy", and indirectly to a 2013 pilot episode for a reality television show, "Being Noticed", and a starring role in the 2014 documentary "Hotline".
The Happy Ending is a 1931 British drama film directed by Millard Webb and starring George Barraud, Daphne Courtney and Alfred Drayton.
 Its plot concerns a father who deserted his family some years before returning home only to find his wife has told his children and neighbours that he died as a hero when he abandoned them.
 A silent version "The Happy Ending" had been made in 1925 based on the same play.
The Sea Beast is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Millard Webb, starring John Barrymore and Dolores Costello.
 The film was a major commercial success and one of the biggest pictures of 1926.
 "The Sea Beast" is an adaptation of the novel "Moby-Dick" by Herman Melville, a story about a monomaniacal hunt for a great white whale.
 However, the film alters the novel's plotline by establishing prequel and sequel elements that are not in the original story—such as the romancing of Esther and Ahab's safe return, respectively—and substitutes a happy ending for Melville's original tragic one.
 Some of the characters in the film do not appear in Melville's original novel.
Hearts of Youth is a 1921 American silent film based on the novel "Ishmael" by E. D. E. N. Southworth.
 The film was directed by Tom Miranda and Millard Webb, with Webb writing the adaption for the screen.
 The movie stars Harold Goodwin, Colin Kenny, and Iris Ashton, and was released by the Fox Film Corporation
The Drop Kick (also known as "Glitter" in the UK) is a 1927 silent film directed by Millard Webb written by Katherine Brush about a college football player (Richard Barthelmess) who finds his reputation on the line when he pays an innocent visit to a woman whose husband kills himself.
 It was one of the early films of John Wayne who was only aged 20 in the film.
 He too played a college footballer.
 A mute silent print was transferred onto 16mm film by Associated Artists Productions in the 1950s and in 1960s by United Artists Television.
 Prints of the film are preserved at the Library of Congress and the Wisconsin Center for Film and Theater Research, Madison.
The Love Thrill is a lost 1927 silent film comedy directed by Millard Webb and starring Laura La Plante and Tom Moore.
 It was produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Millard Webb (6 December 1893 – 21 April 1935), was an American screenwriter and director.
 He directed 20 films between 1920 and 1933.
 His best-known film is the 1926 silent John Barrymore adventure "The Sea Beast" costarring Dolores Costello.
 Webb also directed the early sound Florenz Ziegfeld produced talkie "Glorifying the American Girl" released by Paramount in 1929.
 His active years were from 1916 to 1933.
Hotline is a 2014 documentary feature film written and directed by Tony Shaff.
 The film explores the intense connections that are made between strangers over the telephone, and explores these anonymous conversations people are often too hesitant to have with the people closest to them.
 The film stars Miss Cleo, Jeff Ragsdale, Jamie Blaine, and Tonya Jone Miller.
Jeff, One Lonely Guy is a 2012 nonfiction book by Jeff Ragsdale.
 It was published on March 20, 2012 by New Harvest.
 Dave Eggers selected the book for inclusion in The Best American Nonrequired Reading 2012, and it was a GQ 2012 "Book of the Year".
 In 2014 Amitava Kumar included portions of "Jeff, One Lonely Guy" in his newly released book, "A Matter of Rats: A Short Biography of Patna".
 Kumar previously interviewed Ragsdale and wrote about him in "The New York Times".
