The Hyde-Inland M2 was a United States submachine gun design submitted for trials at Aberdeen Proving Ground in February, 1941.
 Work was undertaken by General Motors Inland Manufacturing Division to develop workable prototypes of George Hyde's design patented in 1935.
 The model first submitted for trials in April 1942 was designated the "Hyde-Inland 1".
 Trials revealed the design was superior to the M1 submachine gun in mud and dirt tests, and its accuracy in full-automatic firing was better than any other submachine gun tested at the time.
 An improved "Hyde-Inland 2" was designated U.S. Submachine gun, Caliber .45, M2 as a substitute standard for the M1 Thompson in April, 1942.
 As Inland's manufacturing capacity became focused on M1 carbine production, the US Army contracted M2 production to Marlin Firearms in July, 1942.
 Marlin began production in May 1943.
 Marlin's production failed to match the trials prototype performance; and Marlin's original contract for 164,450 M2s was canceled in 1943 upon adoption of the M3 submachine gun.
 The M2 is chambered for the .45 ACP cartridge and used the same 20- or 30-round magazine as the Thompson.
 Its cyclic rate of fire is 570 rounds per minute.
 None of the approximately 400 manufactured were issued by any branches of the United States military.
The M1 carbine (formally the United States Carbine, Caliber .30, M1) is a lightweight, easy to use, .30 caliber (7.62 mm) semi-automatic carbine that was a standard firearm for the U.S. military during World War II, the Korean War and well into the Vietnam War.
 The M1 carbine was produced in several variants and was widely used by not only the U.S. military, but by military, paramilitary and police forces around the world.
 It has also been a popular civilian firearm.
The M1 helmet is a combat helmet that was used by the United States military from World War II until 1985, when it was succeeded by the PASGT helmet.
 For over forty years, the M1 was standard issue for the U.S. military.
 The M1 helmet has become an icon of the American military, with its design inspiring other militaries around the world.
The M115 203 mm howitzer, also known as the M115 8 inch howitzer, was a towed howitzer developed and used by the United States Army.
 Until the 1950s it was designated the 8 inch Howitzer M1.
 The original design started in 1919 but lapsed until resurrected in 1927 as a partner-piece for a new 155 mm gun.
 It was standardized as 8 inch Howitzer M1 in 1940.
 The M115/M1 was towed by the M35 Prime Mover gun tractor or a Mack 7⅓ ton 6×6 truck.
 The M115 was towed with 21 men per gun, and was shipped over to Germany Oct 1961 in response to the Berlin Crisis.
The Benelli M1 (Super 90) is a semi-automatic shotgun manufactured by Benelli Armi S.P.A..
 It is available in several versions for civilian, law enforcement and military use.
 It features the proprietary Benelli recoil system, known for its reliability and easy maintenance.
 The standard model features an aluminum alloy receiver and tubular magazine, and is available with a standard or pistol grip stocks.
 The M1 Super 90 can be fitted with traditional iron sights, or ghost ring diopter sights.
 Mounts are available for laser pointers and tactical flashlights.
 Due to the inertia recoil system, the M1 should use heavier loads to cycle properly but because the action is inertia driven vs. the traditional gas cycling operation it can fire and reliably cycle lighter loads.
Hawley Products Company is a manufacturer of loudspeaker components.
 The company is the oldest manufacturer of loudspeaker diaphragms in the world.
 Historically, the company produced a variety of products composed of fibrous or plastic materials, including helmets, globes, microwave trays, automotive components, suitcases, and furniture.
 Most notably, the company is remembered for its World War II military helmets and helmet liners used by soldiers in the United States Army, Marines, and Navy.
 Hawley Products is the original designer of the M1 steel helmet liner.
 The company is also one of the two original manufacturers of the M1 steel helmet liner, alongside General Fibre Company.
 Additionally, Hawley Products designed and manufactured several versions of the pressed fiber military sun helmet used by the US military during World War II.
 The military continued to use this sun helmet throughout most of the 20th century, including Naval personnel during the Persian Gulf War.
The M1 Combat Car, officially Light Tank, M1, was a light tank used by the U.S. Cavalry in the late 1930s and developed at the same time as the infantry's very similar M2 light tank.
 After the Spanish Civil War, most armies, including the U.S. Army, realized that they needed tanks armed with cannons, not merely vehicles armed with machine guns, and so the M1 became obsolete.
The M1 link, was the U.S. military designation for a steel disintegrating link designed for the M1917 Browning machine gun and M1919 Browning machine gun, and the .30-06 Springfield cartridge that they fired.
 A single round would hold two links together, and more could be added to make up a belt of any quantity of rounds, though for the mounted machine guns of the time, a belt of 250 rounds was most commonly used.
 As was the trend with American belt-fed firearms, as opposed to Soviet designs, belts of ammunition feed into the gun from the left side to the right.
The M1919 Browning is a .30 caliber medium machine gun that was widely used during the 20th century, especially during World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War.
 The M1919 saw service as a light infantry, coaxial, mounted, aircraft, and anti-aircraft machine gun by the U.S. and many other countries.
 Many M1919s were rechambered for the new 7.62×51mm NATO round and remain in service to this day.
The M1 Garand is a .30 caliber semi-automatic rifle that was the standard U.S. service rifle during World War II and the Korean War and also saw limited service during the Vietnam War.
 Most M1 rifles were issued to U.S. forces, though many hundreds of thousands were also provided as foreign aid to American allies.
 The Garand is still used by drill teams and military honor guards.
 It is also widely used by civilians for hunting, target shooting, and as a military collectible.
