Arseni Comas Julià (born 28 June 1961 in Sant Gregori, Girona, Catalonia) is a retired Spanish football player who played as a defender with a number of different clubs, mostly at the second level of Spanish football.
 He also represented Spain at youth level, being a member of the Spanish team at the 1979 World Youth Championship.
The Estadio Martínez Valero is a stadium located in the Spanish city of Elche in the province of Alicante, Valencian Community.
 It is the home stadium of Elche CF, a team that is currently playing in La Liga Segunda División.
 Its name pays tribute to the late president of the club, Manuel Martínez Valero.
 It hosted the largest rout in the finals of a World Cup and hosted the final of the Copa del Rey in 2003.
 The Spanish football team has played several friendly matches and competitive qualifiers there.
The Spain national football team (Spanish: "Selección de fútbol de España" ) represents Spain in men's International association football and is controlled by the Royal Spanish Football Federation, the governing body for football in Spain.
 The current head coach is Julen Lopetegui after Vicente del Bosque stepped down following Euro 2016.
 The Spanish side is commonly referred to as "La Roja" ("The Red [One]"), "La Furia Roja" ("The Red Fury"), "La Furia Española" ("The Spanish Fury") or simply "La Furia" ("The Fury").
 Spain became a member of FIFA in 1904 even though the Spanish Football Federation was first established in 1909.
 Spain's national team debuted in 1920.
 Since then, the Spanish national team has participated in a total of 14 of 20 FIFA World Cups and 10 of 15 UEFA European Championships.
Hércules Club de Fútbol "B", S.A.D. is a Spanish football team located in Alicante.
 In 2011–12, they play in the Regional Preferente – Group 4 (fifth category of Spanish football), and are the reserve team of Hércules CF.
Málaga Club de Fútbol (] , "Málaga Football Club"), or simply Málaga, is a Spanish football team based in Málaga, Spain.
 The team currently plays in La Liga, the top division of Spanish football.
The Spain national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Spain and is controlled by the Royal Spanish Football Federation.
 The team, nicknamed La Rojita (The Little Red [One]), competes in the biennial UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
Ángel Dealbert Ibáñez (born 1 January 1983) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Castellón as a central defender.
Extremadura finished the season in 17th place.
 Although this was the club's highest-ever finish in the Spanish football pyramid (the season was only the second Extremadura had played in the top flight), they still finished one point adrift of safety.
 Extremadura thus qualified for the relegation play-off, where they faced the fifth-placed team of the Segunda División, Rayo Vallecano.
 The Madrid-based side easily defeated Extremadura 2-0 both home and away for a 4-0 aggregate win which saw Extremadura relegated after a single season in the top flight of Spanish football.
 Manager Rafael Benítez resigned after only two seasons in charge, deciding to instead study in Italy and England.
María del Mar Prieto Ibáñez is a Spanish football player.
 Throughout her career she played for Oroquieta Villaverde, AD Torrejón, Levante UD and Atlético Madrid in Spain's Superliga and Takarazuka Bunny in Japan's L. League.
Mislata Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Mislata, in the Valencian Community, Spain.
 Founded in 1945 and plays in Regional Preferente – Group 2, the fourth tier of the Spanish football league system.
