The Fort Walla Walla–Fort Colville Military Road was built in June 1859 to connect the Walla Walla area with its fairly easy access to the Columbia River to the mountainous area of the Huckleberry and Selkirk Mountains of current Northeast Washington and the Inland Northwest.
 Brigadier General William S. Harney, commander of the Department of Oregon, opened up the district north of the Snake River to settlers in 1858 and ordered Brevet Major Pinkney Lugenbeel, 9th Infantry Regiment (United States) to establish a U.S. Army post to restrain the Indians lately hostile to the U.S. Army's Northwest Division and to protect miners who flooded into the area after first reports of gold in the area appeared in Western Washington newspapers in July 1855.
 It was common practice to use existing Indian trails to develop military roads, and only make necessary improvements for the movement of artillery or supply trains.
 Brevet Major Lugenbeel followed the long established Indian trail, then Hudson Bay Company brigade trail from the U.S. Fort Walla Walla area to Hudson Bay Company Fort Colvile, but had to leave the trail at current Orin-Rice Road, two miles south of Colville, where the southernmost land claims of the Hudson Bay Company fort began.
 Washington Territorial Governor Isaac Stevens and the U.S. Army were ordered by the United States Department of State to honor land ownership claims by the Hudson Bay Company.
 Lugenbeel's command arrived from Fort Walla Walla on June 20, 1859; Pinkney Lugenbeel was later credited with improving and building up the Military Road.
Walla Walla County is a county located in the U.S. state of Washington.
 As of the 2010 census, its population was 58,781.
 The county seat and largest city is Walla Walla.
 The county was formed on April 25, 1854 and is named after the Walla Walla tribe of Native Americans.
Fort Walla Walla is a United States Army fort located in Walla Walla, Washington.
 The first Fort Walla Walla was established July 1856, by Lieutenant Colonel Edward Steptoe, 9th Infantry Regiment.
 A second Fort Walla Walla was occupied September 23, 1856.
 The third and permanent military Fort Walla Walla was built in 1858 and adjoined Steptoeville, now Walla Walla, Washington, a community that had grown up around the second fort.
 An Executive Order on May 7, 1859 declared the fort a military reservation containing 640 acres devoted to military purposes and a further 640 acres each of hay and timber reserves.
 On September 28, 1910 soldiers from the 1st Cavalry lowered the flag closing the fort.
 In 1917, the fort briefly reopened to train men of the First Battalion Washington Field Artillery in support of action in World War I.
 In 1921, the fort and property were turned over to the Veterans Administration where 15 original buildings from the military era remain.
 Today, the complex contains a park, a museum, and the Jonathan M. Wainright Memorial VA Medical Center.
Page Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) south of the central business district of Walla Walla, a city in Walla Walla County, Washington, United States.
Walla Walla University is a university offering liberal arts, professional, and technical programs located in College Place, Washington, just a few miles from Walla Walla.
 The current President is John McVay.
 It was founded in 1892 and is affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
 In a 2016 survey year ranking of "100 best regional universities" in the Western United States region published by U.S. News & World Report, Walla Walla University tied with three other regional universities for the #42 spot.
 The University has a 13:1 student-to-faculty ratio, 61.7% of its classes have fewer than 20 students and 7% of its classes have 50 or more students.
The Walla Walla Council (1855) was a meeting in the Pacific Northwest between the United States and sovereign tribal nations of the Cayuse, Nez Perce, Umatilla, Walla Walla, and Yakama.
 The council occurred from May 29-June 11, 1855.
 The treaties signed at this council on June 9 were ratified by the U.S. Senate in 1859.
 These treaties codified the constitutional relationship between the people living on the Nez Perce, Umatilla, and Yakama reservations.
 This treaty was one of the earliest treaties obtained in the Pacific Northwest.
 Washington's first governor Isaac I. Stevens secured this treaty, allowing larger portions of the land to be given to the two largest and most powerful tribes the Yakimas and Nez Perces.
 These reservations encompassed most of their traditional hunting grounds.
 The smaller tribes moved to the smaller of the three reservations.
 Stevens was able to acquire forty-five thousand square miles of land.
The Walla Walla expeditions were two movements of Indigenous from the Columbian Plateau to Alta California during the mid-nineteenth century.
 The original expedition uu was organised to gain sizable populations of cattle for native peoples that lived on Columbian Plateau.
 Among the prominent members was Walla Walla leader Piupiumaksmaks, his son Toayahnu, Garry of the Spokanes and Cayuse headman Tawatoy.
 The first expedition arrived at New Helvetia in 1844.
 Several hundred cattle were secured from American and Mexican settlers, however a confrontation erupted with Toayahnu being killed by an American.
 The Plateau natives then escaped from the colony, losing all of their purchased livestock.
William Parkhurst Winans (January 28, 1836–1917) was crucial for the development of parts of Eastern Washington, particularly Stevens County, Walla Walla, and Fort Colville.
 He founded Farmer’s Savings Bank, and was the president until he died in 1917.
 He was also a member of the board of directors of First National Bank.
 In addition to his involvement with the bank system, Winans was a clerk in several locations throughout the region, and so is personally responsible for the majority of the records of the Colville Indians and others in the region, as well as the records of the financial dealings in the late 19th century and the early 20th century.
 Winans played an important role in keeping records of Indians because he was named Industrial Instructor for Indians in 1869 and Superintendent of Indian Affairs in 1870.
 In addition to those offices, Winans took multiple censuses of Indian populations, including the Okanagans, Calispels, San Poils, Nespelems, Senijexsees, Wenatchees, Isle d'Pierres, Mishouies, Spokanes, and the Swielpees.
 He was a historian himself, and wrote several histories of the region, including a book, Stevens County, Washington, its creation, addition, subtraction and division.
 Several of his works were given to institutions such as Harvard University and Washington State University.
 Eastern Washington, particularly Stevens County and Walla Walla, would not be the same if William Parkhurst Winans had not been there with his business and record-keeping skills.
 As the Old Walla Walla County, Washington records, “No history of Walla Walla would be complete without extended reference to William Parkhurst Winans, who was an octogenarian at the time of his demise.
 He had long been identified with the northwest, and his life was one of great usefulness and activity.”
 By the end of his life, Winans was an essential part of the Walla Walla community due to his hard work and involvement in the fields of business, education, Indian affairs, and the church.
The Walla Walla and Columbia River Railroad was a narrow gauge railroad that operated a 46 miles (74 km) of track running east from Wallula, Washington, United States to Walla Walla, Washington.
 It is also known as the Rawhide or Strap Iron Railroad.
 The nicknames come from the early days when the rail line used wooden rails.
 Strap iron was placed on top of the wooden rails to improve the longevity of the rails.
 The strap iron was secured in place by nails.
 Rawhide was used when a quick repair was needed to secure a snakehead.
Walla Walla Regional Airport (IATA: ALW, ICAO: KALW, FAA LID: ALW) is a public airport in the western United States, located in Walla Walla County, Washington, three miles (5 km) northeast of the central business district of the city of Walla Walla.
 It is owned by the Port of Walla Walla.
