Ted Russell Kamp is an American singer-songwriter active in the country music and southern rock genres.
 As the bassist for Shooter Jennings, he's been a member of Shooter's former band the .357s and his current band Hierophant.
 As a solo artist, Kamp has released 11 albums.
"Young Man Blues" is a song by jazz artist Mose Allison.
 Allison first recorded it in March 1957 for his debut album, "Back Country Suite", in which it appears under the title "Back Country Suite: Blues."
 In Allison's two-CD compilation set of 2002, "Allison Wonderland", Allison reveals that the tune's full title is: "Back Country Suite: Blues (a.k.a. 'Young Man's Blues')".
 The tune was famously covered by The Who during live sets - first appearing on their 1970 album "Live at Leeds".
 Another live performance features in the movie and soundtrack for "The Kids Are Alright", from a 1969 performance at the London Coliseum.
 The song was included in "Rock Band 2" as downloadable content.
 The tune is also found on Chris Spedding's 2009 reissued album "One Step Ahead of the Blues", where in the liner notes Spedding states he was trying make a version, which was how he imagined Allison originally recorded it; having never heard it.
 Spedding's blues rock version differs considerably from either Allison's jazz-blues or The Who's rock versions.
 It has also been covered live by You Am I, Joe Bonamassa, the Foo Fighters and The Bright Light Social Hour.
Alternative country (sometimes alt-country, insurgent country, or Americana) is a loosely defined subgenre of country music, which includes acts that differ significantly in style from mainstream country music and pop country music.
 Alternative country artists are often influenced by alternative rock.
 However, the term has been used to describe country music bands and artists that have incorporated influences ranging from alternative rock, indie rock, roots rock, bluegrass, neotraditional country, punk rock, rockabilly, punkabilly, honky-tonk, outlaw country, progressive rock or progressive country, folk rock, indie folk, folk revival, hard rock, R&B, country rock, heartland rock, Southern metal, Southern rock, experimental music, electronica or folktronica, and psychedelic rock.
Steve Young (July 12, 1942 – March 17, 2016) was an American country music singer, songwriter and guitarist, known for his song "Seven Bridges Road" (on "Rock Salt & Nails" & "Seven Bridges Road").
 He was a pioneer of the country rock, Americana, and alternative country sounds, and also a vital force behind the "outlaw movement" that gave support to the careers of Waylon Jennings, Hank Williams, Jr. and more.
 Young was also featured in the 1975 Outlaw Country documentary "Heartworn Highways".
 He was the subject of the song "The All Golden" by Van Dyke Parks.
 Young's first album, "Rock Salt & Nails", on A&M, was performed on and supported by Gram Parsons, Gene Clark and other musicians from the 1969 musical community in Southern California.
Outlaw Country is a Sirius XM Radio channel devoted to Outlaw country music, along with various related genres including classic honky tonk, alternative country and roots rock.
 It is carried on Sirius XM Radio channel 60 and DISH Network channel 6060.
Waylon Albright "Shooter" Jennings (born May 19, 1979) is an American singer-songwriter active mainly in the outlaw country music and Southern rock genres.
 He is the son of country music legend Waylon Jennings.
Taylor Mac (born August 24, 1973) is an American actor, playwright, performance artist, director, producer, and singer-songwriter active mainly in New York City.
"Every River" is a song written by American country music artist Kim Richey along with Angelo Petraglia and Tom Littlefield.
 First recorded by Richey on her 1997 album "Bitter Sweet", it was later covered by duo Brooks & Dunn, who released it as the fifth and final single from the 2001 album "Steers & Stripes".
 It entered the Billboard Hot Country Songs Chart on the week of September 7, 2002.
 It peaked at number 12 on the week of December 14, 2002.
 It was more recently covered by "British Invasion" band The Searchers.
Rowland Salley (born November 2, 1949) is an American musician, songwriter and artist, sometimes called Roly Salley.
 Salley is a bass guitarist and vocalist for Chris Isaak's band Silvertone.
 His best-known tune is "Killing the Blues", which has been covered by John Prine, Chris Smither, Shawn Colvin, Robert Plant and Alison Krauss, and most recently Shooter Jennings and Billy Ray Cyrus in 2015.
 As a band member for Chris Isaak, he was a regular on "The Chris Isaak Show".
 Salley resides in California with his long term girlfriend from Australia.
Daniel John "Dan" Baird (born December 12, 1953, in San Diego) is an American singer-songwriter, musician and producer.
 He is best known as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist from the chart-topping 1980s rock band The Georgia Satellites.
 Baird formed The Georgia Satellites in 1980 and left the band in 1990 to pursue a solo career.
 He is often credited as a pioneer in cowpunk and alt-country music, which combines elements of rock music, country music, outlaw country, and punk rock.
