The Battle of White Plains was a battle in the New York and New Jersey campaign of the American Revolutionary War fought on October 28, 1776, near White Plains, New York.
 Following the retreat of George Washington's Continental Army northward from New York City, British General William Howe landed troops in Westchester County, intending to cut off Washington's escape route.
 Alerted to this move, Washington retreated farther, establishing a position in the village of White Plains but failed to establish firm control over local high ground.
 Howe's troops drove Washington's troops from a hill near the village; following this loss, Washington ordered the Americans to retreat farther north.
The Cass Corridor, is a neighborhood on the west end of Midtown Detroit, Michigan.
 It contains the Cass Park Historic District and the Cass-Davenport Historic District.
 The corridor's main street is Cass Avenue, which runs parallel with M-1 (Woodward Avenue), a main Detroit artery running north toward New Center.
 Though Cass runs from Congress Street, ending a few miles farther north at West Grand Boulevard, the Cass Corridor generally is defined as between Interstate 75 (I-75) at its southern end and Interstate 94 (I-94) to the north, and stretches from Woodward to the east and to the west: John C. Lodge (M-10 service drive) north of Temple, and Grand River Avenue south of Temple.
Eureka is a small research base on Fosheim Peninsula, Ellesmere Island, Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
 It is located on the north side of Slidre Fiord, which enters Eureka Sound farther west.
 It is the third-northernmost permanent research community in the world.
 The only two farther north are Alert, which is also on Ellesmere Island, and Nord, in Greenland.
 Eureka has the lowest average annual temperature and the lowest amount of precipitation of any weather station in Canada.
Alouette Lake, originally Lillooet Lake and not to be confused with the lake of that name farther north, is a lake and reservoir in Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Canada.
 It is located at the southeast foot of the mountain group known as the Golden Ears and is about 16 km in length on a northeast-southwest axis.
 It and the Alouette River, formerly the Lillooet River, were renamed in 1914 to avoid confusion with the larger river and lake farther north, with "Alouette", the French word for "lark", being chosen as being melodious and reminiscent of the original name in tone.
Wicked Twister is a second generation steel Inverted Impulse roller coaster at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio.
 As of 2017, it is the tallest and fastest inverted roller coaster in the world.
Steel Venom is a steel Inverted Impulse roller coaster located at Valleyfair in Minnesota.
 It reaches a maximum height of 185 feet (56 m) and a top speed of 68 mph (109 km/h).
 It is similar to the "Wicked Twister" roller coaster at Cedar Point, but has only one vertical spiral, as opposed to Wicked Twister with two vertical spirals, but it is identical to Possessed at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom excepting to be shorter and it is similar to at Six Flags Great America.
The Georgia Depression is a landform in the Pacific Northwest, part of the Insular Mountain System of the North American Cordillera in British Columbia, Canada, and in Washington, United States.
 It includes the Fraser Lowland, roughly equivalent to the region known as the Lower Mainland, and the Nanaimo Lowland and Nahwitti Lowland on Vancouver Island, as well as the Discovery Islands, an archipelago of many low-lying islands between them in the Johnstone Strait and adjoining waterways between the mainland and Vancouver Island.
 Farther north in the Coastal Trough is the Hecate Depression, which underlies Hecate Strait, Queen Charlotte Sound, Queen Charlotte Strait, and the Dixon Entrance.
 North of depression is the Alexander Archipelago, and to its east it is flanked by the Coast Mountains and the Washington portion of the Cascade Range.
 To its west are the Queen Charlotte Islands, including the Queen Charlotte Mountains and Nahwitti Depression, and the Vancouver Island Ranges and the Olympic Mountains in Washington Strait.
 The Trough includes the Puget Lowland (see Puget Sound basin).
Possessed is a launched steel Inverted roller coaster located at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
 It was located at Geauga Lake from 2000 to 2006.
 The coaster has had four names: "Superman: Ultimate Escape" (2000 to 2003) "Steel Venom" (2004 to 2006), "Voodoo" (2008), and "Possessed" (2009 to present).
 Possessed is nearly identical to Steel Venom at Valleyfair, and similar to at Six Flags Great America.
Excalibur is a steel roller coaster with a wooden structure located at Valleyfair in Shakopee, Minnesota.
 It was built in 1989 by Arrow Dynamics, for the cost of $3,000,000.
 The ride is 105 feet (32 m) tall with a top speed of 54.5 mph (87.7 km/h), and has a minimum height requirement of 48 inches.
 Excalibur is only one of a few coasters in the world that has a steel track with a wood frame.
 Two others, Gemini and Cedar Creek Mine Ride, are located at sister park Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio.
 It follows a customized figure-eight track layout and is rather short for a major roller coaster, with a total ride duration of two minutes and thirteen seconds.
 Most likely due to its location at the very western edge of the park and the more recently built roller coasters such as Wild Thing, Steel Venom and Renegade.
The Bobo are an ethnic group living in Burkina Faso although the area occupied by the Bobo extends north into Mali.
 Bobo is also the name of the second biggest city in Burkina Faso.
 In much of the literature on African art the group that lives in the area of Bobo-Dioulasso is called Bobo-Fing, literally 'black Bobo.'
 These people call themselves Bobo and they speak the Bobo language, a Mande language.
 The Bamana (Bambara) people also call another ethnic group "Bobo," the Bobo-Oule/Wule, more precisely called the Bwa.
 While the Bwa (Bobo-Oule) are a Gur people, speaking Gur languages, the true Bobo (Bobo Madare, Bobo Fing), the topic of this article, are a Mande people.
 The Bobo number about 110,000 people, with the great majority in Burkina Faso.
 The major Bobo community in the south is Bobo-Dioulasso, the second city of Burkina Faso and the old French colonial capital.
 Farther north are large towns, including and Kouka, with Boura in the extreme north in Mali.
 The Bobo are far from homogeneous.
 They are an ancient aggregation of several peoples who have assembled around a number of core clans that do not preserve any oral traditions of immigration into the area.
 Their language and culture are more closely related to those of their Mandé neighbors to the north and west, the Bamana (as well as the Minianka, also known as Mamara Senoufo, and a Gur people) than to their Voltaic neighbors the Gurunsi and Mossi, but they should be thought of as a southern extension of the Mandé people who live in what is now Burkina Faso, rather than an intrusive Mandé group that has recently penetrated the region.
 Although over 41% of Bobo lineages claim a foreign origin, they also say that they are autochthonous.
