Necip Uysal (] , born 24 January 1991) is a Turkish professional footballer of Albanian descent who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Beşiktaş.
Ahmed Şeraffettin Bey or Şeref Bey (1894–13 June 1933) was a Turkish football manager.
 He was also the first manager of the Turkish club Beşiktaş J.K. (1911–1925), as well as one of the team's icons.
 He played a very important role for the club, bringing them to three league championships (1920, 1921, 1924).
 Şeref Bey started the football division of Beşiktaş.
"Wij zijn Ajax" (Dutch, "We are Ajax") is a song by Ajax and Friends.
 A one off single by Dutch association football club AFC Ajax, which features guest vocal by several of the club's first team and women's team players, as well as prominent vocalists from the Netherlands, such as Victor Reinier, Koos Alberts, Dré Hazes, Karin Bloemen, Robert ten Brink, Peter Beense and Glennis Grace.
 The song also features rap parts from Darryl, RB Djan and Ryan Babel.
 The single was released online as a digital download on SPEC Entertainment, the label owned by popular Dutch rapper Ali B., while the video clip was frequently aired on television at the time of the release.
Beşiktaş J.K. U-21 is the top section youth system of football department of Turkish sports club Beşiktaş J.K..
 They were formerly known as Beşiktaş J.K. Amatör from the 1950s to 1996, Beşiktaş J.K. PAF Takımı between 1996 and 2009 and Beşiktaş J.K. A2 between 2009 and 2014.
 They compete at U-21 Süper Ligi which is of 18 youth teams of Süper Lig, governed by TFF.
Denys Oleksandrovych Boyko (; born 29 January 1988) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Turkish club Beşiktaş.
Metin-Ali-Feyyaz (also called Metin Ali Feyyaz, shortly MAF) is a combination of the first names of three Turkish footballers: Metin Tekin, Ali Gültiken, and Feyyaz Uçar, who served Turkish club Beşiktaş, during one of the most successful periods of the team, mostly notably under English manager Gordon Milne's spell in late 80s and early 90s.
Ömer Hasan Şişmanoğlu (born August 1, 1989) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a striker for Turkish club Beşiktaş.
Yasemin Kimyacıoğlu,a 5' 7" guard,is a Turkish American women's basketball player at Santa Clara University in California, USA.
 Her sister, Şebnem Kimyacıoğlu, plays professionally for Turkish club Beşiktaş J.K., and for the Turkish national team.
 Kimyacıoğlu is a Pinewood High School alum having graduated in 2003, two years after her sister.
 She was born to Turkish parents in Mountain View, California.
 She is majoring in mechanical engineering at Santa Clara.
Képler Laveran Lima Ferreira, (born 26 February 1983), commonly known as Pepe (] ), is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Beşiktaş and the Portugal national team as a central defender.
 During his professional career he has played for Marítimo, Porto and Real Madrid, with individual and team success with the latter two clubs.
 He currently plays for Turkish side Beşiktaş.
 An aggressive, physically strong and tenacious defender, Pepe is known for his hard-tackling style of play.
 however, despite his defensive abilities, he has also drawn criticism in the press at times, due to his tendency to pick up cards, as he has occasionally shown violent or unsportsmanlike behaviour on the pitch.
Anderson Souza Conceição (born 1 February 1994), known as Anderson Talisca or simply Talisca, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Beşiktaş, on loan from Portuguese club Benfica.
 He can play as an attacking midfielder or a forward.
