The Colorado Republican caucuses took place in early April in the U.S. state of Colorado, as a part of the Republican Party's series of presidential primaries ahead of the 2016 presidential election.
 The Colorado contest consisted of a series of congressional district conventions on April 2, 7 and 8 and a state convention on April 9.
 A non-binding "beauty contest" caucus was held March 1 to coincide with the Super Tuesday conventions.
Mini-Tuesday was the name given to the February 3, 2004 U.S. presidential primary where several states, which to that point had participated in "Super Tuesday," cast their votes for the Presidential nominees of the 2004 Presidential election.
 "Mini-Tuesday" was also called Super Tuesday I (with the March Super Tuesday called "Super Tuesday II", in reference to their respective chronological order).
 With the large number of states moving their election dates up to Mini-Tuesday for the 2008 election cycle, pundits have largely shied away from using the term again, instead choosing to reappropriate the term "Super Tuesday" to better represent the primaries held on that approximate date.
 The date is also known as "Super Duper Tuesday," "Giga Tuesday," and "Tsunami Tuesday," among others, with the term "Mini Tuesday" falling to apparent disuse for the time being.
The American Samoa Democratic caucuses, 2008 took place on February 5, 2008, also known as Super Tuesday.
 Caucusing began at 11:00 am local time.
 The early time ensured that results would be reported that evening in the mainland United States.
 Hillary Clinton won the caucus, the smallest of Super Tuesday's nominating contests.
Taboo Tuesday (2005) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on November 1, 2005, at the iPayOne Center in San Diego, California.
 It was the second annual Taboo Tuesday event in which the fans were given the chance to vote on stipulations for the matches.
 The voting for the event started on October 24, 2005, and ended during the event.
 Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card.
 The buildup to the matches and the scenarios that took place before, during, and after the event were planned by WWE's script writers.
 The event starred wrestlers from the Raw brand: a storyline expansion of the promotion where employees are assigned to a wrestling brand under the WWE banner.
NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn was a professional wrestling show in the NXT TakeOver series that took place on August 22, 2015.
 The NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn event was produced by WWE, showcasing its NXT developmental brand, and streamed live on the WWE Network.
 The event took place at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York - the first night of what was billed as a WWE "triple-header" at the arena, with SummerSlam taking place the following evening, and "Raw" the night after that.
 This was the first NXT TakeOver held outside of Full Sail University; WWE promoted it as NXT being "on the biggest stage yet".
 Starting with NXT Arrival on February 27, 2014, WWE's developmental league NXT has held major shows broadcast live on the WWE network, with the August event being the seventh event in the series and was sold out.
The Alaska Democratic Caucuses took place Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008.
 This was the first time that Democrats in Alaska participated in Super Tuesday, and the large turnout forced at least one caucusing site to delay closing its doors far beyond the 6 p.m. deadline.
 The state had a total of 13 delegates at stake.
 Barack Obama won the Alaska Democratic Caucuses and secured 9 delegates to the Democratic National Convention while Hillary Clinton took 4 delegates.
 However, the caucus was non-binding, and Alaska's Democratic State Convention in May awarded Obama 10 pledged delegates.
The 2004 World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) draft lottery took place at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan on March 22, 2004.
 The draft took place live for two hours on WWE's flagship television program, "Raw" on Spike TV.
 Post-draft trades were announced on WWE's official website, WWE.com, until midnight on March 22, 2004.
 There were twelve draft picks, with nineteen superstars overall switching between the promotion's two brands: Raw and SmackDown!
.
 During the draft lottery, the General manager of Raw, Eric Bischoff, and the General manager of SmackDown!
, Paul Heyman, stood on opposite ends of the stage on the Raw set, where they drafted six superstars randomly via two machines.
 At the conclusion of the draft, the two GMs would then be allowed to trade anyone on the roster until Midnight EST, which was later extended until Tuesday night after Heyman resigned.
 Every WWE employee was eligible to be drafted, including injured superstars, commentators, champions, and general managers.
Super Tuesday was a 1-hour professional wrestling television special event, produced by the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) that took place on 12 November 2002 (which was taped November 4 & 5) at the Fleet Center in Boston, Massachusetts and Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire, which featured matches from both Raw and SmackDown.
 It was a preview for Survivor Series and aired on UPN.
Taboo Tuesday (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and presented by AT&T which took place on October 19, 2004 at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
 It was the first annual Taboo Tuesday event, marking the first time in which the fans were given the chance to vote on stipulations for the matches.
 The voting for the event started on October 18, 2004 and ended during the event.
 Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card.
 The buildup to the matches and the scenarios that took place before, during, and after the event were planned by WWE's script writers.
 The event starred wrestlers from the Raw brand: a storyline expansion of the promotion where employees are assigned to a wrestling brand under the WWE banner.
Super Tuesday II, 2008 is the name, for 4 March 2008, the day on which the second largest simultaneous number of state presidential primary elections was held for the 2008 presidential election cycle.
 On this day, Mike Huckabee withdrew from the race when John McCain won enough delegates to claim the Republican nomination for President.
 It was the second Super Tuesday election of 2008 and took place approximately one month after the first Super Tuesday of this election.
 The Democratic primaries saw 444 delegates selected on this date, with 265 delegates in the Republican primaries.
