The Jacobean style is the second phase of Renaissance architecture in England, following the Elizabethan style.
 It is named after King James I of England, with whose reign (1603-1625 in England) it is associated.
 At the start of James' reign there was little stylistic break in architecture, as Elizabethan trends continued their development.
 However his death in 1625 came as a decisive change towards more classical architecture, with Italian influence, was in progress, led by Inigo Jones; the style this began is sometimes called Stuart architecture, or English Baroque (though the latter term may be regarded as starting later).
Ragnvald Knaphövde was a King of Sweden whose reign is estimated to have occurred in the mid-1120s or c. 1130.
 His cognomen "Knaphövde" is explained as referring to a drinking vessel, the size of a man's head or meaning "round head" and referring to his being foolish.
 Ragnvald is mentioned in the regnal list of the "Westrogothic law" as the successor of King Inge the Younger.
Phaungkaza Maung Maung (Burmese: ဖောင်းကားစား မောင်မောင် ] ; 15 September 1763 – 11 February 1782) was the fifth king of the Konbaung Dynasty of Burma, whose reign lasted a week.
 Maung Maung, the eldest son of Naungdawgyi, the second king of the Konbaung Dynasty, was granted Phaungga in fief.
 On 5 February 1782, the 18-year-old Prince of Phaungka seized the throne while his cousin King Singu, was away on tour.
 His uncle Prince of Badon (later King Bodawpaya) quickly came to palace and deposed him exactly a week later, 11 February 1782.
 Maung Maung and his chief queen were drowned to death on the same day.
 He had four queens and no children.
Lydia, known as Sparda in Old Persian, was a satrapy of the Achaemenid Empire, with Sardis as its capital.
 Tabalus, appointed by Cyrus the Great was the first satrap; however, his rule did not last long as the Lydians revolted.
 The insurrection was suppressed by general Mazares and his successor Harpagus.
 After Cyrus' death, Oroetus was appointed as satrap.
 Oroetus ruled during the reign of Cambyses, and after the chaotic period that followed the Persian king's death, he conquered the Greek isle of Samos, killing its ruler Polycrates.
 Due to his growing power, Darius the Great had Bagaeus kill Oroetus.
 Bagaeus himself may have become satrap for a short period, but the next rulers were Otanes and Darius' younger brother, Artaphernes.
The House of Wessex, also known as the House of Cerdic ("Cerdicingas" in Old English), refers to the family that initially ruled a kingdom in southwest England known as Wessex, from the 6th century under Cerdic of Wessex until the unification of the Kingdoms of England by Alfred the Great and his successors (Though Alfred's grandfather Egbert was the one to start consolidating West saxon domination).
 Alfred and his successors would also be part of this dynasty, which would continue ruling in the main line all the way until Alfred's descendant, Ethelred the Unready, whose reign in the late 10th century and early 11th century saw a brief period of Danish occupation and following his and his son Edmund Ironside's death, kingship by the Danish Cnut the Great and his successors to 1042.
 The House of Wessex then briefly regained its power for 24 years, but after the deposition of its last scion, Ethelred's great-grandson Edgar Atheling would fade into the annals of history after the death of Edgar Atheling in 1125.
Mittasena (or Mitta Sena or Karalsora) was King of Anuradhapura in the 5th century, whose reign lasted from 435 to 436.
 He succeeded Chattagahaka Jantu as King of Anuradhapura.
 During his reign, the kingdom was invaded by Pandu of The Six Dravidians.
Nicholas I (Russian: Николай I Павлович , "Nikolay I Pavlovich" ; 6 July [O.S. 25 June] 1796 – 2 March [O.S. 18 February] 1855 ) was the Emperor of Russia from 1825 until 1855.
 He was also the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Finland.
 He is best known as a political conservative whose reign was marked by geographical expansion, repression of dissent, economic stagnation, poor administrative policies, a corrupt bureaucracy, and frequent wars that culminated in Russia's defeat in the Crimean War of 1853–56.
 His biographer Nicholas V. Riasanovsky says that Nicholas displayed determination, singleness of purpose, and an iron will, along with a powerful sense of duty and a dedication to very hard work.
 He saw himself as a soldier—a junior officer totally consumed by spit and polish.
 A handsome man, he was highly nervous and aggressive.
 Trained as an engineer, he was a stickler for minute detail.
 In his public persona, says Riasanovsky, "Nicholas I came to represent autocracy personified: infinitely majestic, determined and powerful, hard as stone, and relentless as fate."
 His reign had an ideology called "Official Nationality" that was proclaimed officially in 1833.
 It was a reactionary policy based on orthodoxy in religion, autocracy in government, and Russian nationalism.
 He was the younger brother of his predecessor, Alexander I.
 Nicholas inherited his brother's throne despite the failed Decembrist revolt against him and went on to become the most reactionary of all Russian leaders.
 His aggressive foreign policy involved many expensive wars, having a disastrous effect on the empire's finances.
Aggabodhi III was King of Anuradhapura in the 7th century, whose reign lasted the year 623 and from 624 to 640.
 He succeeded his father Silameghavanna as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Jettha Tissa III in his first reign and Dathopa Tissa I in his second.
Aggabodhi VIII was King of Anuradhapura in the 9th century, whose reign lasted from 816 to 827.
 He succeeded his brother Mahinda III as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Dappula III.
Kassapa III was King of Anuradhapura in the 8th century, whose reign lasted from 732 to 738.
 He succeeded his brother Aggabodhi V as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his younger brother Mahinda I.
