Biergarten Restaurant is one of two restaurants in the Germany Pavilion at Epcot's World Showcase at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida.
 The restaurant is styled as a typical Bavarian village, replete with the flags of every German state, numerous facades, and a running watermill.
 The table features long communal benches for seating, as well as a band playing German folk music.
 The restaurant is buffet-style, offering such dishes as schnitzel, bratwurst, kielbasa, rouladen, spatzle, sauerkraut, sauerbraten, cucumber salad, and strudel.
The Morocco Pavilion is a Moroccan-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase, within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States.
 It was the first expansion pavilion to be added to World Showcase, opening on September 7, 1984.
The Germany Pavilion is a German-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase, within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States.
 Its location is between the Chinese and Italian pavilions.
The Norway Pavilion is a Norwegian-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase, within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States.
 Its location is between the Mexican and Chinese pavilions.
The France Pavilion is a French-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States.
 Its location is between the Moroccan and British pavilions.
The United Kingdom Pavilion is a stereotypically British-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase, within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States.
 Its location is between the French and Canadian pavilions.
The American Adventure is the host pavilion of the World Showcase within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Bay Lake, Florida, United States.
 It is also the name of the Colonial American-themed pavilion's main attraction, an Audio-Animatronics stage show of American history.
 It is located between the Italian and Japanese pavilions.
Epcot (originally named EPCOT Center) is a theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida.
 It is owned and operated by the Walt Disney Company through its Parks and Resorts division.
 Inspired by an unrealized concept developed by Walt Disney, the park opened on October 1, 1982 and was the second of four theme parks built at Walt Disney World, after the Magic Kingdom.
 Spanning 300 acres , more than twice the size of the Magic Kingdom park, Epcot is dedicated to the celebration of human achievement, namely technological innovation and international culture, and is often referred to as a "permanent world's fair".
 The park is divided into two sections: Future World, made up of eight pavilions, and World Showcase, themed to 11 world nations.
The China Pavilion is a Chinese-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States.
 Its location is between the Norwegian and German pavilions.
The Japan Pavilion is a Japanese-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase, within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States.
 Its location is between The American Adventure and Moroccan Pavilions.
