King Kennedy is an upcoming drama thriller film set in the 1960s made entirely from archive material.
 The film stars some of the most prominent characters from 1960s America, including US President John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, the civil rights movement leader Martin Luther King, convicted assassins Lee Harvey Oswald and Sirhan Sirhan and the film world's brightest icons of that time Marilyn Monroe and Frank Sinatra.
 The plot line revolves around the concepts of truth and freedom, but pursues further towards deception, intrigue, conspiracy and murder, and features some of the most memorable moments in 1960s America, including Marilyn Monroe's world-famous "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" at Madison Square Garden and Martin Luther King's "I Have A Dream" speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in which he called for racial equality and an end to discrimination.
 The film is designed primarily to remind, focusing on the characters and events that build up to the assassinations of John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King as their apparent determination to shy away from war, discrimination and hatred became ever more publicized.
Mark Shaw (June 25, 1921 – January 26, 1969) was an American fashion and celebrity photographer in the 1950s and 1960s.
 He worked for "Life" magazine from 1952 to 1968, during which time 27 issues of "Life" carried cover photos by Shaw.
 Shaw's work also appeared in "Esquire", "Harper's Bazaar", "Mademoiselle", and many other publications.
 He is best known for his photographs of John F. Kennedy, his wife Jacqueline Kennedy, and their children, Caroline and John F. Kennedy, Jr. In 1964, many of these images were published in the book "The John F. Kennedys: A Family Album", which became a bestseller.
Arthur Meier Schlesinger Jr. ( ; born Arthur Bancroft Schlesinger; October 15, 1917 – February 28, 2007) was an American historian, social critic, and public intellectual.
 The son of the influential historian Arthur M. Schlesinger Sr. and a specialist in American history, much of Schlesinger's work explored the history of 20th-century American liberalism.
 In particular, his work focused on leaders such as Harry S. Truman, Franklin D. Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, and Robert F. Kennedy.
 In the 1952 and 1956 presidential campaigns, he was a primary speechwriter and adviser to the Democratic presidential nominee both times, Adlai Stevenson II.
 Schlesinger served as special assistant and "court historian" to President Kennedy from 1961 to 1963.
 He wrote a detailed account of the Kennedy administration, from the 1960 presidential campaign to the president's state funeral, titled "A Thousand Days: John F. Kennedy in the White House", which won the 1966 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography.
Peter Janney (born 1947 in New Haven, Connecticut) is an American writer, psychologist and lecturer based in Beverly, Massachusetts.
 He is best known for his book "Mary's Mosaic: The CIA Conspiracy to Murder John F. Kennedy, Mary Pinchot Meyer, and Their Vision for World Peace", in which he makes a detailed case that ex-CIA wife and John F. Kennedy mistress Mary Pinchot Meyer was murdered by the CIA in order to cover up what she had discovered about the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
Pedro R. David was born in Villa Clodomiro Hileret, Tucumán, Argentina on 21 July 1929.
 He is currently first deputy-president of Courtroom II of the Federal Court of Criminal Appeals (Cámara de Casación).
 He is a lawyer (UNT – University of Tucumán), doctor in sociology (Indiana University Bloomington, USA), doctor in law and social sciences (UNT) and doctor in political sciences (UK –University John F. Kennedy).
 He is a former judge Ad-Litem at the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague, The Netherlands, and he has specialized in research areas, such as crime prevention, victimology and corruption.
 He founded the University John F. Kennedy and has held positions in various universities here: Buenos Aires University, University John F. Kennedy, University of Morón, National University of Salta and National University of Tucumán, and abroad: The University of Hull (England), State University of New Mexico and the University of Zulia (Venezuela).
 He has written 18 books and published almost 100 articles.
The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (formally called the John F. Kennedy Memorial Center for the Performing Arts, and commonly referred to as the Kennedy Center) is a performing arts center located on the Potomac River, adjacent to the Watergate complex in Washington, D.C.
 The Center, which opened September 8, 1971, is a multi-dimensional facility, and as memorial to John F. Kennedy and a cultural center, it produces a wide array of performances encompassing the genres of theater, dance, ballet, and orchestral, chamber, jazz, popular, and folk music, offers multi-media performances for adults and children, and is a nexus of arts education.
True Compass is the posthumous memoir of United States Senator Edward M. Kennedy that was released September 14, 2009, by Twelve, a division of the Hachette book group.
The John F. Kennedy Eternal Flame is a presidential memorial at the gravesite of U.S. President John F. Kennedy, in Arlington National Cemetery.
 The permanent site replaced a temporary grave and eternal flame used during President Kennedy's funeral on November 25, 1963.
 The site was designed by architect John Carl Warnecke, a long-time friend of the President.
 The permanent John F. Kennedy Eternal Flame grave site was consecrated and opened to the public on March 15, 1967.
David Francis Powers (April 25, 1912 – March 27, 1998) was Special Assistant and assistant Appointments Secretary to President of the United States John F. Kennedy.
 Powers served as Museum Curator of the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum from 1964 until his retirement in May 1994.
 Powers was a military veteran who had served in the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II from 1942 to 1945.
 Powers was also a very close, personal friend of John F. Kennedy.
Edward Moore "Ted" Kennedy (February 22, 1932 – August 25, 2009) was an American politician and lawyer who served as a United States Senator from Massachusetts for over forty years from 1962 until his death in 2009.
 A member of the Democratic Party, he was the second most senior member of the Senate when he died and was the fourth-longest-continuously-serving senator in United States history, having served there for almost 47 years.
 Ted Kennedy was the most prominent living member of the Kennedy family for many years, and he was also the last surviving, longest-living, and youngest son of Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. and Rose Kennedy.
 He was the youngest brother of John F. Kennedy, the 35th President of the United States and Senator Robert F. Kennedy, both victims of assassination, and the father of Congressman Patrick J. Kennedy.
