The State Theatre opened in 1984 and is part of the Arts Centre Melbourne located by the Yarra River and St Kilda Road.
 Like the other performance venues within the Arts Centre, the State Theatre is underground.
 The stage is one of the largest in the world.
The Canberra Theatre or officially the Canberra Theatre Centre, is the Australian Capital Territory’s central performing arts venue and Australia’s first performing arts centre, the first Australian Government initiated performing arts centre to be completed.
 It opened on 24 June 1965 with a gala performance by the Australian Ballet.
The Burlington Performing Arts Centre (BPAC) is a multi-purpose venue located in the downtown core of Burlington, Ontario.
 The venue is the only performing arts centre in Ontario and second in Canada to receive Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold certification.
 The venue features three stages; the Main Theatre, a world-class performance stage featuring a six-story fly tower; Community Studio Theatre, a smaller scale of the Main Theatre with 2,500 square feet of floor space; the Family Lobby, features an open concept with a glass roof encircled by a balcony overlooking the floor.
The North Wall Arts Centre (often just referred to as the North Wall) is a performing arts centre in Oxford, owned by St Edward's School and shared with the city.
 It houses a 200-seat theatre, plus a rehearsal space, dance studio and a visual art gallery.
 The arts centre hosts touring theatre companies, musicians and other public events, as well as events by the school, with the aim to provide facilities and arts events both for St Edward's students and for the public at large.
The Kuala Lumpur Performing Arts Centre Orchestra (klpac Orchestra) (formerly known as klpac Sinfonietta until 2008) was an amateur symphony orchestra located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
 It presented performances at the Kuala Lumpur Performing Arts Centre (klpac), which fostered creative excellence and develops and nurtures a performing arts culture in Malaysia.
 At the time that the Centre was proposed a music conservatory was part of the proposal, but the cost proved to be too high at that time.
Esplanade – Theatres on the Bay, also known as the Esplanade Theatre or simply The Esplanade, is a 60000 m2 performing arts centre located in Marina Bay near the mouth of the Singapore River.
 Named after the nearby Esplanade Park, it consists of a concert hall which seats about 1,600 and a theatre with a capacity of about 2,000 for the performing arts.
The Toronto Centre for the Arts, previously known as the "Ford Centre for the Performing Arts", is a performing arts centre in the former city of North York in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 It opened in 1993 as the "North York Performing Arts Centre" designed by Canadian architect Eberhard Zeidler for musicals, theatre productions and other performing arts.
 At opening, North York awarded management of the centre to Livent who sold the naming rights in 1994 to Ford Motor.
 It originally housed three theatres: the Main Stage Theatre with 1,727 seats, the George Weston Recital Hall with 1,036 seats, and the multi-purpose, 200-seat Studio Theatre.
 When Livent declared bankruptcy in 1998, the City of Toronto assumed control of the facility.
The Arts Centre Melbourne, originally known as the Victorian Arts Centre and briefly officially called the Arts Centre, is a performing arts centre consisting of a complex of theatres and concert halls in the Melbourne Arts Precinct, located in the central Melbourne suburb of Southbank in Victoria, Australia.
The Jose Thomas Performing Arts Centre (JT Pac), is a theatre of performing arts in Thrippunithura, Kochi, India.
 It was founded on 26 February 2009 by Malayalam film actor Mohanlal and The Choice Group chairman Jose Thomas who respectively serves as the Chairman and President of the arts centre.
 The centre is situated in the Choice School complex and has a sitting-capacity of 700.
 The Rhyme by Soorya Krishnamoorthy was the first show played at the theatre and as of 2013 it has organised about 165 shows.
The Bella Rose Arts Centre is a community-based proscenium theatre performing arts centre located inside of Halifax West High School in the Clayton Park neighbourhood of the Halifax.
 The 600 seat, professional grade, multi-purpose theatre has the capacity to handle almost any type of event from music and dance shows, to theatrical productions, and conferences.
 It currently functions primarily as a rental venue.
