Free Access Magazine is a free computer magazine distributed through major Australian consumer electronics retailers such Harvey Norman, Dick Smith Electronics and Myer.
 The magazine targets mainstream computer users and is designed to be easy to read.
 It covers PC and lifestyle technology.
The 2016 NRL Auckland Nines was the third NRL Auckland Nines competition.
 It was held on 6–7 February 2016 at Eden Park in Auckland, New Zealand.
 As with previous tournaments, it was contested by all sixteen National Rugby League teams.
 The prize money was .
 The draw was released on 18 November 2015.
 The same pool names were used as the 2015 tournament's.
 The pool names were: Hunua, Waiheke, Rangitoto and Piha.
 The event included two international women's teams, the Kiwiferns and the Jillaroos, who competed in a three-game series.
 Originally to be sponsored by Dick Smith, the tournament was instead sponsored by Downer Group after Dick Smith went into receivership.
 The Parramatta Eels who won the tournament were later stripped of the title due to salary cap breaches.
The Dick Smith Super-80 was a Zilog Z80 based kit computer developed as a joint venture between Electronics Australia magazine and Dick Smith Electronics.
 It was presented as a series of construction articles in Electronics Australia magazine's August, September and October 1981 issues.
Dick Smith Holdings Limited (formerly Dick Smith, Dick Smith Electronics or DSE) was, until 2016, an Australia-wide chain of retail stores that sold consumer electronics goods, hobbyist electronic components, and electronic project kits.
 The chain expanded successfully into New Zealand and unsuccessfully into several other countries.
 The company was founded in Sydney in 1968 by Dick Smith and owned by him and his wife until they sold to Woolworths Limited in 1982.
 The company closed in 2016, within several years of its acquisition by Anchorage Capital Partners.
Richard Harold Smith, AC (born 18 March 1944) is an Australian entrepreneur, businessman, record-breaking aviator, philanthropist, and political activist.
 He is the founder of Dick Smith Electronics, Dick Smith Foods and Australian Geographic, and was selected as the 1986 Australian of the Year.
 In 2010 he founded the media production company Smith&Nasht with the intention of producing films about global issues.
 In 2015 he was awarded the Companion of the Order of Australia, and is a fellow of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry.
Doug Drexler (born in New York City) is a visual effects artist, designer, sculptor, illustrator, and a makeup artist who has collaborated with such talents as Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, James Caan, Meryl Streep, and Warren Beatty.
 He began his career in the entertainment industry working for makeup legend Dick Smith on such films as "The Hunger" and "Starman".
 He has also contributed to "Three Men and a Little Lady", "The Cotton Club", "FX", "Manhunter" and "Dick Tracy".
 "Dick Tracy" earned Drexler an Oscar, as well as The British Academy Award and the Saturn Award for his special makeup effects on characters such as Big Boy Caprice (played by Pacino) and Mumbles (played by Hoffman).
 Two Emmy nominations in the same field followed for three years working on "Star Trek: The Next Generation", where he performed such tasks as aging Captain Picard for "The Inner Light".
 His final make-up job for the series, and perhaps his career, was the Mark Twain makeup worn by Jerry Hardin in the two part episode "Times Arrow"
AmigaOS is a family of proprietary native operating systems of the Amiga and AmigaOne personal computers.
 It was developed first by Commodore International and introduced with the launch of the first Amiga, the Amiga 1000, in 1985.
 Early versions of AmigaOS required the Motorola 68000 series of 16-bit and 32-bit microprocessors.
 Later versions were developed by Haage & Partner (AmigaOS 3.5 and 3.9) and then Hyperion Entertainment (AmigaOS 4.0-4.1).
 A PowerPC microprocessor is required for the most recent release, AmigaOS 4.
Dick Smith Foods is a food brand created by Australian entrepreneur Dick Smith to provide Australian owned and produced alternatives to products from foreign-owned food companies.
Richard Smith (September 17, 1886 – 1937), also known as Dick Smith, was a screenwriter, actor, and film director.
 Smith was born in Cleveland, Ohio, and became a comedian active in the vaudeville era.
 He met his wife Alice Howell in 1910 and the two performed together as Howell and Howell.
 After working under direction of Mack Sennett at the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company in New York City, Smith moved to Los Angeles, California.
 Smith and his wife starred in reels together produced by L-KO Kompany.
Pecom 32 was an educational and/or home computer developed by Elektronska Industrija Niš of Serbia in 1985.
