Mavra is a one-act opera buffa composed by Igor Stravinsky, and one of the earliest works of Stravinsky's 'neo-classical' period.
 The libretto of the opera, by Boris Kochno, is based on Alexander Pushkin's "The Little House in Kolomna".
 Mavra is about 25 minutes long, and features two arias, a duet, and a quartet performed by its cast of four characters.
 The opera has been characterised as both an homage to Russian writers, and a satire of bourgeois manners and the "Romeo and Juliet" subgenre of romance.
 Philip Truman has also described the music as satirising 19th-century comic opera.
 The dedication on the score is to the memory of Pushkin, Glinka and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
Rothschild's Violin (Russian: Скрипка Ротшильда ) is a one-act opera by Russian composer Veniamin Fleishman (1913–1941) set to the Russian libretto by the composer after the short story "Rothschild's Fiddle" by Anton Chekhov.
Tartuffe is an opera in three acts by Kirke Mechem.
 Mechem also wrote the English libretto.
 Based on the Molière's play "Tartuffe, or the Impostor", it is a modern opera buffa set in Paris in the 17th century.
 "Tartuffe" premiered on May 27, 1980, at the San Francisco Opera It has since seen over 400 performances in six countries and been translated into German, Russian, Chinese, Japanese and Czech.
 A "number opera" with arias, duets, trios and ensembles, "Tartuffe" is one of the most performed operas by an American composer.
 Also often sung is Mechem's choral arrangement of the song "The Lighthearted Lovers," excerpted from Dorine's aria, "Fair Robin I Love."
Michael Finlay Robinson (born 3 March 1933) is an English composer, musicologist, and academic.
 His scholarly work focuses on opera of the 17th and 18th centuries; and in particular the development of Italian opera during the 1700s.
 His publications include the books "Naples and Neapolitan Opera" (Oxford University Press, 1972), "Opera Before Mozart" (Hutchinson, 1966), and "A Thematic Catalogue of the Works of Giovanni Paisiello" (Pendragon, vol 1.
 published in 1991 and vol.
 2 in 1994).
 He also contributed to several collaborative works, including "Research Chronicle of the Royal Musical Association" (1972), "The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians" (1980) and "Opera buffa in Mozart's Vienna" (Cambridge University Press, 1997), and to several music journals like "Music & Letters" and "Soundings".
Mavra is a one-act opera buffa composed by Igor Stravinsky.
Amelia al ballo ("Amelia Goes to the Ball") is a one-act "opera buffa" by Gian Carlo Menotti, who set his own Italian libretto.
 Composed during 1936 when Menotti was in his mid-twenties, it was the composer's first mature opera and first critical success.
 The opera recounts a series of farcical events as a young Italian socialite overcomes obstacles to her attendance at the first ball of the season.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky ( ; Russian: Пётр Ильи́ч Чайко́вский ; 25 April/7 May 1840 – 25 October/6 November 1893), often anglicized as Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky, was a Russian composer of the romantic period, some of whose works are among the most popular music in the classical repertoire.
 He was the first Russian composer whose music made a lasting impression internationally, bolstered by his appearances as a guest conductor in Europe and the United States.
 Tchaikovsky was honored in 1884, by Emperor Alexander III, and awarded a lifetime pension.
A number opera (Italian: "opera a numeri" ; German: "Nummeroper" ) is an opera consisting of individual pieces of music ('numbers') which can be easily extracted from the larger work.
 They may be numbered consecutively in the score, and may be interspersed with recitative or spoken dialogue.
 Opera numbers may be arias, but also ensemble pieces, such as duets, trios, quartets, quintets, sextets or choruses.
 They may also be ballets and instrumental pieces, such as marches, sinfonias, or intermezzi.
 The number opera format was standard until the mid-19th century and most opera genres, including "opera seria", "opera buffa", "opéra comique", ballad opera, Singspiel, and grand opera, were constructed in this fashion.
Almerindo Spadetta (c.1822 – April 1894) was a prolific opera librettist active in Naples.
 He worked as a stage manager at the Teatro San Carlo, Teatro Nuovo, and Teatro del Fondo in Naples for over 40 years and wrote numerous libretti (mostly in the "opera buffa" genre) for composers associated with those theatres.
 His most enduring work was the libretto for Nicola De Giosa's "Don Checco", one of the last great successes in the history of Neapolitan "opera buffa".
Scott Joiner is an American operatic tenor and composer.
 He created the role of Dickon in the world premiere of Nolan Gasser's "The Secret Garden" with the San Francisco Opera and Cal Performances in 2013.
 He composed the score and starred in the short opera film, "Connection Lost (The Tinder Opera)" or "L'opera di Tinder", which won Best Score at Ireland's Kerry Film Festival.
 The miniature one-act opera received its live stage premiere by Opera Carolina in November 2016 as part of National Opera Week.
 Joiner and Tinder Opera Co-creator, Adam Taylor (writer/director) were featured on NPR’s "All Things Considered" in 2017.
