Paul Lester Overstreet (born March 17, 1955) is an American country music singer and songwriter.
 He recorded 10 studio albums between 1982 and 2005, and charted 16 singles on the "Billboard" country charts, including two No. 1 hits.
 He has also written singles for several other country acts, including No. 1 hits for Randy Travis, Blake Shelton, and Keith Whitley, as well as hits for The Judds and Kenny Chesney.
Hits (stylized as ...Hits), released in 1998 and again in 2008, following the success of "In the Air Tonight" on the Cadbury ad campaign, is the first greatest hits album by English singer-songwriter Phil Collins.
 The collection included fourteen Top 40 hits, including seven American number 1 songs, spanning from the albums "Face Value" (1981) through "Dance into the Light" (1996).
 One new Collins recording, a cover of Cyndi Lauper's "True Colors", also appeared on the collection and was a popular song on adult contemporary stations.
 "Hits" was also the first Phil Collins album to include four songs originally recorded for motion pictures (all of them U.S. number 1 hits) as well as his popular duet with Philip Bailey, "Easy Lover" (a UK number 1 hit).
The discography of American country music singer Ronnie Milsap consists of 28 albums and 69 singles.
 Since releasing his first album in 1971, Milsap has had 40 #1 hits on the "Billboard" country chart and sold over 35 million albums.
 In addition, 26 of his U.S. #1 hits reached #1 on the "RPM" Top Country Tracks chart in Canada; three songs that did not reach #1 in the U.S. were #1 in Canada; and two of his U.S. #1 country hits also topped the U.S. adult contemporary chart.
 As of 2000, he has recorded 7 gold albums, 1 platinum album, and 1 double-platinum album.
Brian D. Siewert, alternatively credited with or without his middle initial, is an American public speaker, multiple Emmy-Award winning concert and television composer, producer, musician, arranger and visual artist.
 He has worked on "The Guiding Light - CBS" (1996–2009) as Principal Composer/Songwriter, "As the World Turns - CBS" (1995-2010) as Principal Composer/Songwriter and Supervising Music Producer, "General Hospital" - ABC (TV Series), "The Oprah Winfrey Show (TV series)", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" (2003), "Another World (TV series) - NBC" (1995-1999),"The Tyra Banks Show" Syndicated, "The Dr. Oz Show" Syndicated, "Sunset Beach (TV series) - NBC" (1997-1998), "eXtra (TV series) - Syndicated", "Access Hollywood (TV series) - Syndicated", "Street Smarts", "elimiDATE", "Celebrity Justice", "The Sharon Osbourne Show", and "The Real Gilligan's Island".
 Siewert is the recipient of both ASCAP and BMI (Broadcast Music, Inc.) Awards for his work in Film/TV Music.
Louis Jordan was an American popular music innovator who recorded from the 1930s until the 1970s.
 During the 1940s, he was the most popular recording artist of the soon-to-be-called rhythm and blues music.
 Jordan had eighteen No. 1 hits, which places him as the third most successful singles artist in "Billboard" R&B charts history.
 His 1946 recording of "Choo Choo Ch'Boogie" is tied for first place for spending the most weeks (eighteen) at No. 1.
 Jordan's success was not limited to the R&B market — he also had No. 1 hits on the Billboard Pop and Country charts.
Collingwood & Co. (formerly Collingwood O'Hare) is a TV animation studio based in London headed by writer/director Tony Collingwood.
 They were responsible for animated TV series 'Oscar's Orchestra', 'Dennis the Menace', 'Gordon the Garden Gnome', 'Yoko!
 Jakamoko!
 Toto!'
 and 'The Secret Show', among others.
Jacek Kawalec (born 22 September 1961 in Warsaw) is a Polish actor, game show and television personality.
 He gained popularity as a host of one of the first American shows to be licensed and remade to be broadcast on Polish television - 'Randka w ciemno' (the format of The Dating Game).
 After he quit the show in 1998, due to a fire accident which was broadcast live, Kawalec became as a dubbing actor in animated motion pictures with leading roles in such hits as 'Gdzie jest Nemo?'
 (Finding Nemo) or 'Epoka lodowcowa' (Ice Age).
 Later on, he was offered a role in a popular TV series 'Ranczo' and his face became well known again in Poland, as he created a character of a local teacher of Polish literature.
William (Will) Hanrahan is a British television/radio producer and presenter best known for working on BBC programmes such as "Watchdog" and "Good Morning".
 Since 1994 he has headed an independent TV company which currently produces studio programming and documentaries for the BBC and Sky TV, A&E, Foxtel, CBS, Discovery and UKTV.
 He is a three-times Royal Television Society Award winner and his programmes are currently airing in over 70 countries.
 He has executive produced for both the BBC and ITV working with Alistair McGowan on the BBC Restoration project, and Chris Tarrant on the BBC Four History of the World in 100 objects series.
 He has recently executive produced a TV series with the renowned Italian criminologist, Massimo Picozzi, for the skyitalia series 'Segreti, Bugie e Omicidi, an Italian language documentary season which helped launch CI Italia.
 He is a law graduate with experience in consumer and legal programming.
 In 2013/14, Hanrahan also returned to radio presenting as a guest host on BBC Radio in 2014 and 2015.
 In 2017, his legal TV series 'The Jury Room' for CBS Reality also saw him present a six-part Podcast.
Lisa Angelle (New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American country music singer-songwriter.
 During the 1980s and 1990s, Angelle wrote songs for several country artists including Wynonna Judd, who reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 1991 with "I Saw the Light", co-written by pop singer Andrew Gold.
 As a recording artist, Angelle released two singles with EMI America Records in 1985, but did not release an album until 2000 via DreamWorks Nashville.
 She also recorded the theme song for the CBS TV series "Beauty and the Beast", which aired 1987 to 1990.
"Makin' Up for Lost Time (The Dallas Lovers' Song)" is a song recorded as a duet by American country music artists Crystal Gayle and Gary Morris.
 "Makin' Up for Lost Time" was from the CBS TV series "Dallas".
 It was released in October 1985 as the first single from the album "What If We Fall in Love?
".
 The song was the most successful country hit for the duo of Crystal Gayle and Gary Morris.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of fourteen weeks on the country chart.
 Morris wrote the song with Dave Loggins.
