New Jersey Manufacturers Insurance Company or NJM, headquartered in the West Trenton section of Ewing Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, offers personal auto, commercial auto, workers' compensation, homeowners, and umbrella insurance.
 The company was formed in 1913 by a group of factory owners seeking workers' compensation coverage.
 NJM has grown to provide insurance to more than 800,000 policyholders living in New Jersey and Eastern Pennsylvania.
 NJM has been partnered with the New Jersey Business and Industry Association, or NJBIA, since the day it first started writing insurance policies.
 Those seeking NJM personal insurance must be either currently employed by a member organization of the NJBIA; currently employed by the State of New Jersey; currently employed by a New Jersey county, municipality, or township; currently employed by a New Jersey public school; or currently employed by the federal government, while commercial applicants must be a member of the NJBIA.
South Jersey Regional Airport (IATA: LLY, ICAO: KVAY) is a public use airport in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.
 Owned by the New Jersey Department of Transportation, the airport is located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of the central business district of Mount Holly, New Jersey.
 This facility is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation "reliever airport".
The New Jersey Inventor's Hall of Fame was established in 1987 to honor individuals and corporations in New Jersey for their inventions. Award recipients are recognized at the annual Award Banquet Dinner.
 The New Jersey Inventors Hall of Fame operated from 1987 to 2002 at the New Jersey Institute of Technology, from 2003 to 2007 with support from the Research and Development Council of New Jersey.
 Starting in 2008 it was under the aegis of Stevens Institute of Technology Office of Academic Entrepreneurship.
 In 2010, Greenberg Traurig became a co-sponsor of the organization.
The Aviation Museum of Kentucky is an aviation museum located at the Blue Grass Airport in Lexington, Kentucky.
 Incorporated in April 1995, and opened to the public in August of the same year, it includes 12000 sqft of exhibit space, a library, and an aircraft restoration and repair shop.
 The museum is the home of the "Kentucky Aviation Hall of Fame".
Robert L. “Bob” Rasmussen (born May 26, 1930 in Rio Vista, California), is a noted military artist; a retired Captain of the United States Navy; a former career naval aviator, primarily in the F-8 Crusader; a former member of the U.S. Navy Flight Demonstration Squadron, the Blue Angels, and Director of the National Naval Aviation Museum at NAS Pensacola, Florida.
 His Vietnam war experiences, including surviving the fire aboard USS "Oriskany" , have been documented in several books.
 A prolific artist, Rasmussen has created hundreds of Naval Aviation paintings in watercolor, oil and acrylic.
 His bronze sculptures include the design of the Spirit of Naval Aviation, displayed at the front entrance of the National Museum of Naval Aviation, Pensacola, Florida, the Alan Shepard memorial heroic figure at the Astronaut Hall of Fame, and the World War II and Korean War memorials in Pensacola, Florida.
 His works have been displayed around the country, including the National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C., the National Naval Aviation Museum in Pensacola, Florida, and the NASA Museum at Cape Canaveral, Florida.
 Rasmussen is the recipient of the R.G. Smith Award for Excellence in Naval Aviation Art, was inducted into the Naval Aviation Hall of Honor in 2008, and was awarded the Navy Superior Civilian Service Award on 24 September 2009.
Arizona Aviation Hall of Fame (AAHOF) is located in the Pima Air & Space Museum, Tucson, Arizona which recognises Arizona's "Excellence in Aviation".
 The Aviation Hall of Fame exhibit is located in the honored "Dorothy Finley Space Gallery" on the Museum grounds.
 AAHOF provides to its visitors a presentation that share an opportunity to educate one with noteworthy Arizona aviators.
The Iowa Aviation Museum is located at the Greenfield Municipal Airport in Greenfield, Iowa, and is dedicated to preserving Iowa's aviation heritage.
 The Iowa Aviation Hall of Fame, located at the museum, honors Iowans who have contributed significantly to the growth of aviation.
The New Jersey County Colleges is a system of 19 public community colleges, encompassing more than 60 campuses in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
 s of 2009 , there are 19 county colleges statewide; this reflects the fact that each college serves one of New Jersey's 21 counties, except for Atlantic Cape Community College and Raritan Valley Community College, each of which serves two counties.
KIH28 (sometimes referred to as Philadelphia All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves Delaware Valley and surrounding areas.
 It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in Mount Holly, New Jersey with its transmitter located at Philadelphia.
 It broadcasts weather and hazard information for Berks County, Pennsylvania, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, Chester County, Pennsylvania, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, & Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania Counties in Pennsylvania; plus Burlington County, New Jersey, Camden County, New Jersey, Cumberland County, New Jersey, Gloucester County, New Jersey, Hunterdon County, New Jersey, Mercer County, New Jersey, Monmouth County, New Jersey & Salem County, New Jersey Counties in New Jersey; as well as Kent County, Delaware & New Castle County, Delaware Counties in Delaware; and Cecil County, Maryland County in Maryland.
The Aviation Hall Of Fame & Museum of New Jersey was founded in 1972 and preserves New Jersey's aviation and space heritage.
 The museum displays historic aircraft, space equipment, artifacts, photographs, art and an aircraft model collection.
 The library has more than 4,000 volumes and a collection of aviation video.
 It is located at Teterboro Airport, the oldest operating airport in the Tri-State Region, at 400 Fred Wehran Drive, Teterboro, New Jersey.
