The 1951 Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference was the fifth Meeting of the Heads of Government of the British Commonwealth.
 It was held in the United Kingdom in January 1951, and was hosted by that country's Prime Minister, Clement Attlee.
The Government of Israel (officially: Hebrew: ממשלת ישראל‎ ‎ "Memshelet Yisrael") exercises executive authority in the State of Israel.
 It consists of ministers who are chosen and led by the prime minister.
 The composition of the government must be approved by a vote of confidence in the Knesset (the Israeli parliament).
 Under Israeli law, the prime minister may dismiss members of the government, but must do so in writing, and new appointees must be approved by the Knesset.
 Most ministers lead ministries, though some are ministers without portfolio.
 Most ministers are members of the Knesset, though only the Prime Minister and the "designated acting prime minister" are required to be Knesset members.
 Some ministers are also called deputy and vice prime ministers.
 Unlike the designated acting prime minister, these roles have no statutory meanings.
 The government operates in accordance with the Basic Law.
 It meets on Sundays weekly in Jerusalem.
 There may be additional meetings if circumstances require it.
 The prime minister convenes these meetings.
The 1948 Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference was the third Meeting of the Heads of Government of the British Commonwealth.
 It was held in the United Kingdom in October 1948, and was hosted by that country's Prime Minister, Clement Attlee.
Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference were biennial meetings of Prime Ministers of the United Kingdom and the Dominion members of the British Commonwealth of Nations.
 Seventeen Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conferences were held between 1944 and 1969.
 As well, the prime ministers met for a Commonwealth Economic Conference in 1952.
 These series of conferences were a continuation and regularisation of the earlier Imperial Conferences which had been held periodically from 1887 to 1937.
 Since 1971, Commonwealth Heads of Government Meetings have been held.
The 1944 Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference was the first Meeting of the Heads of Government of the British Commonwealth.
 It was held in the United Kingdom, between 1–16 May 1944, and was hosted by that country's Prime Minister, Winston Churchill.
The Deputy Prime Minister of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam (Vietnamese: "Phó Thủ tướng Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam" ), known as Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers (Vietnamese: "Phó Chủ tịch Hội đồng Bộ trưởng" ) from 1981 to 1992, is one of the highest offices within the Central Government.
 The deputy prime minister has throughout its history been responsible for helping the prime minister to handle Vietnam's internal policies.
 Since Vietnam is a one-party state, with the Communist Party of Vietnam being the sole party allowed by the constitution, all the deputy prime ministers of the Democratic Republic and the Socialist Republic have been members of the party while holding office.
 There are currently four deputy prime ministers; Nguyễn Xuân Phúc,
The 1969 Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference was the seventeenth Meeting of the Heads of Government of the Commonwealth of Nations.
 It was held in the United Kingdom in January 1969, and was hosted by that country's Prime Minister, Harold Wilson.
The 1946 Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference was the second Meeting of the Heads of Government of the British Commonwealth.
 It was held in the United Kingdom in from April to May 1946, and was hosted by that country's Prime Minister, Clement Attlee.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Croatia (officially the Vice President of the Government of the Republic of Croatia (Croatian: "Potpredsjednik/ Potpredsjednica Vlade Republike Hrvatske" )), is the official Deputy of the Prime Minister of Croatia.
 Article 109 of the Constitution of Croatia states that the cabinet is to be made up of the Prime Minister, one or more Deputy Prime Ministers and other cabinet ministers.
 According to convention, if the governing parliamentary majority is a coalition of parties, all junior partners in the coalition will usually be given one Deputy Prime Minister in the cabinet, with their rank usually being determined by the number of MPs the party has in Parliament.
 The Deputy Prime Ministers are permitted to simultaneously hold a ministerial portfolio while in office, but may also serve without holding such a portfolio.
The Prime Minister (Swedish: "statsminister" , literally "Minister of the State") is the head of government in Sweden.
 Before the creation of the office of a Prime Minister in 1876, Sweden did not have a head of government separate from its head of state, namely the King, in whom the executive authority was vested.
 Louis De Geer, the architect behind the new bicameral Riksdag of 1866 that replaced the centuries-old Riksdag of the Estates, became the first officeholder in 1876.
 The current Prime Minister of Sweden is Stefan Löfven, leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party.
 Below is the list and statistics of Prime Ministers of Sweden since the creation of the office in 1876.
 The list does not include acting prime ministers, the only example to date is Östen Undén who served as acting prime minister from 6 to 11 October 1946.
