Mile Ilić (Serbian: Миле Илић ; born June 2, 1984) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Nuwaidrat of the Bahraini Premier League.
 He played with the New Jersey Nets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Ilić, a 2.15 m tall (7'1") center, was drafted by the Nets in 2005 as the 43rd overall pick, and began his rookie season in 2006–07.
Kenyon Lee Martin (born December 30, 1977) is an American former professional basketball player who played 15 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He played for the New Jersey Nets, Denver Nuggets, Los Angeles Clippers, New York Knicks and Milwaukee Bucks of the NBA, and the Xinjiang Flying Tigers of China.
 The 6'9" power forward played college basketball for Cincinnati before being drafted with the first overall pick in the 2000 NBA draft by the New Jersey Nets.
Terence William Shea (born June 12, 1946) is an American football coach and former player.
 Currently, Shea does quarterback consulting work for future NFL draft prospects.
 Most recently he worked with Robert Griffin III "RG3" (2nd overall pick 2012), Blaine Gabbert (10th overall pick 2011), Sam Bradford (1st overall pick 2010), Matthew Stafford (1st overall pick 2009), and Josh Freeman (17th overall pick 2009.
 whom Shea later brought to the Bolts in 2015).
 Shea also trained and developed current college quarterbacks Collin Klein (Kansas State) and Tommy Rees (Notre Dame).
Collier "P. J." Brown Jr. (born October 14, 1969) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The 6 ft , 239 lb center/power forward was selected out of Louisiana Tech University by the New Jersey Nets with the 29th overall pick in the 1992 NBA draft, but began his NBA career only in the 1993–94 season.
 He has been voted into the NBA All-Defensive Second Team three times, in 1997, 1999 and 2001, and won the NBA Sportsmanship Award in 2004.
 He attended Winnfield Senior High School in Winnfield, Louisiana, where he played for the Winnfield Tigers, and has played professionally for the New Jersey Nets, Miami Heat, Charlotte Hornets, New Orleans Hornets, Chicago Bulls and Boston Celtics.
The 2011–12 New Jersey Nets season was the 45th season of the franchise, their 36th in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and their 35th and final season in New Jersey before moving to Brooklyn, New York and changing their name to the Brooklyn Nets for the 2012–13 NBA season.
 The Nets finished 22-44, last in the Atlantic Division and 12th overall in the Eastern Conference and failed to make the playoffs for a fifth consecutive season.
 Point guard Deron Williams led the team in scoring (21.0), assists (8.7), and minutes per game (36.3) and was the team's lone selection in the 2012 NBA All-Star Game.
 Forward Kris Humphries led the team with 11.0 rebounds and 1.19 blocks per game and games played (62).
Finn Wentworth is an entrepreneur, philanthropist, and investor in major commercial real estate and sports ventures in the United States.
 Wentworth was COO and CEO of Yankeenets, the holding company for the New York Yankees, New Jersey Nets, and New Jersey Devils professional sports teams.
 As an owner who also served as the leading executive of those franchises, Wentworth was one of the founders of the YES Network national sports network along with Leo Hindery.
 Wentworth has also held the position of President and CEO of the New Jersey Nets NBA team.
 During his tenure with the teams, the Yankees won two world championships, the Devils won two Stanley Cups, and the Nets twice won the NBA Eastern Conference finals.
 Wentworth is an owner and founding partner along with David Welsh of Normandy Real Estate Partners based in Morristown, New Jersey with offices in Washington D.C., New York City, and Boston, Massachusetts.
 Prior to starting Normandy and his involvement in professional sports, Wentworth was one of the founders of Gale and Wentworth.
 In addition to his business endeavors, he is a trustee of the Yogi Berra Museum and Learning Center.
 He has also served on the board of the Princeton National Regatta Association, an organization that supports the U.S. Olympic Rowing Team, and received the Jack Kelly Citizenship Award from the U.S. Rowing Association.
 An avid sportsman, he has climbed all 48 Continental U.S. State Highpoints.
The 1977 NBA draft was the 31st annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held on June 10, 1977, before the 1977–78 season.
 In this draft, 22 NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.
 The first two picks in the draft belonged to the teams that finished last in each conference, with the order determined by a coin flip.
 The Milwaukee Bucks won the coin flip and were awarded the first overall pick, while the Kansas City Kings, who obtained the New York Nets first-round pick in a trade, were awarded the second pick.
 The remaining first-round picks and the subsequent rounds were assigned to teams in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season.
 A player who had finished his four-year college eligibility was eligible for selection.
 If a player left college early, he would not be eligible for selection until his college class graduated.
 Before the draft, six college underclassmen were declared eligible for selection under the "hardship" rule.
 These players had applied and gave evidence of financial hardship to the league, which granted them the right to start earning their living by starting their professional careers earlier.
 Four former American Basketball Association (ABA) franchises who joined the NBA when both leagues merged, the Denver Nuggets, the Indiana Pacers, the New York Nets and the San Antonio Spurs, took part in the NBA Draft for the first time.
 Prior to the start of the season, the Nets relocated to New Jersey and became the New Jersey Nets.
 The draft consisted of 8 rounds comprising the selection of 170 players.
The Brooklyn Nets are an American professional basketball team based in Brooklyn, New York.
 They are a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The team plays its home games at the Barclays Center.
 The franchise was founded as the New Jersey Americans in 1967, and was one of the eleven original American Basketball Association (ABA) teams.
 In its second ABA season, Arthur Brown, the team owner, moved the team to Long Island and renamed it the New York Nets.
 The team won ABA championships in 1974 and 1976.
 When the ABA merged with the NBA in 1976, the Nets were one of four ABA teams admitted into the NBA.
 The team was moved to the Rutgers Athletic Center in New Jersey; after the 1976–77 NBA season, the team was renamed the New Jersey Nets.
 Since they joined the NBA, the Nets have won 4 divisional championships, 2 conference championships and appeared in the playoffs 16 times.
 The Nets moved to Brooklyn in 2012, and now play as the Brooklyn Nets.
Jason Paul Collins (born December 2, 1978) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 13 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He played college basketball for Stanford University, where he was an All-American in 2000–01, before being drafted 18th overall pick in the 2001 NBA draft by the Houston Rockets.
 He went on to play for the New Jersey Nets, Memphis Grizzlies, Minnesota Timberwolves, Atlanta Hawks, Boston Celtics, Washington Wizards and Brooklyn Nets.
Out to Win is an American documentary film, released in 2015.
 Directed by Malcolm Ingram, the film chronicles the history of LGBT participation in professional sports, concentrating in particular on key figures such as John Amaechi, Billy Bean, Jason Collins, Wade Davis, Brittney Griner, Billie Jean King, David Kopay, Conner Mertens, Martina Navratilova, and Michael Sam.
.
