Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe is a 2016 stand alone British Christmas movie based on the Hank Zipzer series of books by Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver and the TV series airing on CBBC.
 The film will be airing on CBBC on 12 December 2016.
 It is written by Joe Williams and is directed by Matt Bloom.
 The film is produced by Kindle Entertainment in association with Walker Productions and DHX Media with support from Screen Yorkshire’s Yorkshire Content Fund.
 It is the fourth movie based on a CBBC programme after "", "Shaun the Sheep Movie" and "".
 It is the second movie based on a CBBC show, which has not been released in cinemas and only shown on TV after ""
A leading actor, leading actress, star, or simply lead, plays the role of the protagonist of a film or play.
 The word "lead" may also refer to the largest role in the piece and "leading actor" may refer to a person who typically plays such parts or an actor with a respected body of work.
 Some actors are typecast as leads, but most play the lead in some performances and supporting or character roles in others.
Christmas in Paradise is a 2007 Lifetime television Christmas movie which originally aired on December 15, 2007.
 Starring Charlotte Ross, Colin Ferguson, Devon Werkheiser, Josie Loren, Kenton Duty and Aria Wallace, the film tells the story of two families who find companionship during a Caribbean Christmas holiday, only to have their idyllic vacation disrupted by an unexpected visitor from the past.
 The movie was filmed entirely on location on the island of Puerto Rico in 2007, and has subsequently been rebroadcast on Lifetime every year during the holiday season as an annual Christmas film.
Bridget Hoffman is an American voice actress, ADR director and script writer in the Los Angeles area.
 She has provided voices for a number of English-language versions of Japanese anime films and television series, usually under an alias such as Ruby Marlowe, Ellen Wilkerson or Tessa Ariel.
 Some of her major roles are title characters such as Belldandy in the "" feature film, Mizuho Kazami in "Please Teacher", Mima Kirigoe in "Perfect Blue", and Lain Iwakura in "Serial Experiments Lain".
 She voiced lead ensemble characters as Rune Venus in "El Hazard", Miaka Yuki in "Fushigi Yûgi", Raquel Casull in "Scrapped Princess", Fuu Hououji in "Magic Knight Rayearth", Shinobu Maehara in "Love Hina", and Irisviel von Einzbern in "Fate/Zero".
 She served as the ADR director for the "Fushigi Yûgi" series and films, "", and a series of shorts called "The Adventures of Mini-Goddess".
 She also provides background voices in a number of animated films dubbed in the Los Angeles area, including "Frozen", "Epic" and "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2".
 In video games, she provides the voice of KOS-MOS in the "Xenosaga" series as well as in the ".
hack//G.U." series.
Rebecca Lynn Forstadt (born December 16, 1953), also known as Reba West, is an American voice actress, best known for playing young female roles in various animated series.
 After studying theater at Orange Coast College, in Costa Mesa, California, Forstadt began her acting career by working at Knott's Berry Farm's Bird Cage Theater, performing melodramas, often as the damsel in distress character.
 Later, she went to Hollywood where she worked as a wardrobe mistress on such television shows as "The White Shadow" and "Hill Street Blues", as well as for the film "S.O.B.".
 She also spent several years doing live theater in the Los Angeles area.
 Most notably, she won some recognition for her portrayal of the character Josette in the world premiere of Eugène Ionesco's "Tales for People Under 3 Years of Age" at the Stages Theatre Center in 1982.
 She starred in several low-budget movies such as "Mugsy's Girls", with Ruth Gordon and Laura Branigan, and "Round Numbers" with Kate Mulgrew, Samantha Eggar, and Shani Wallis.
 She also appeared as a television actress in "Hill Street Blues", "St. Elsewhere", and "L.A. Law".
 Her voice acting breakthrough came when she landed the leading role of Lynn Minmei in the English version of "Robotech", the popular anime series of the 1980s.
 Since then, she has voiced hundreds of other anime characters like Nunnally Lamperouge in "Code Geass" and Tima from "Metropolis" and has branched into non-anime cartoons, live-action shows (such as "Masked Rider" and ""), commercials and radio work, and has performed background voices for movies such as "Antz", "Dr. Dolittle", and "The Santa Clause".
Mary Christmas is a 2002 American Christmas movie written by Stanley M. Brooks and Betty G. Birney.
 It was directed by and stars John Schneider.
 In the movie Joel Wallace, Schneider's character, is a widower raising a daughter, Felice (Jenna Boyd).
 In her Christmas letter to Santa Claus, Felice wishes for a new mother for Christmas.
 The letter is intercepted by a local news producer who cancels reporter Mary Maloney's vacation and sends her to investigate the Wallace family as a human interest story.
 Most of the movie deals with Joel's searching for a new wife that will be Felice's mother.
 The ending takes a bit of a twist, though, when it turns out that Mary is Felice's birth mother who had given her up for adoption.
 The movie incorporates a little extra magic with "governor" Les Turner whom Felice thinks is Santa Claus.
Nunnally Lamperouge (ナナリー・ランペルージ , Nanarī Ranperūji ) is a fictional character in the Sunrise anime series, "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion".
 She is Lelouch Lamperouge's disabled younger sister.
 Her real name is Nunnally vi Britannia (ナナリー・ヴィ・ブリタニア , Nanarī Vi Buritania ) .
 Her Japanese voice actress is Kaori Nazuka.
 In the English dub, she is voiced by Rebecca Forstadt.
 A spin-off manga entitled "Nightmare of Nunnally" focuses on her, depicting what would have happened if Nunnally had received a Geass along with Lelouch.
"Memories" is a song by the band Weezer.
 It is the opening track and first single from their 2010 album "Hurley" and was first released online on August 10, 2010.
 Following the death of Jackass member Ryan Dunn, the video became the most searched for video on YouTube.
 In the movie appear scenes with the cast of "Jackass" recording the song with Weezer as background voices.
Dale D. Kelly (sometimes credited as Dale Kelly and Kelly Dale) is a voice actor, part of the original Funimation voice cast for their English version Dragon Ball Z.
 He played the role of Captain Ginyu, and was also the narrator for Seasons 3-6.
 He left Funimation in 2001 for unknown reasons, and Brice Armstrong replaced him as the voice of Captain Ginyu for the video games and the uncut version of Season 2.
 In addition, Brice re-recorded Dale's voice for Captain Ginyu for the remastered boxed sets.
 Kyle Hebert replaced Dale as the narrator for Seasons 7-9, all movies, and in the uncut versions of seasons 1-2.
 Kyle also re-recorded Dale's narration in the remaining episodes and specials for the remastered boxed sets.
 As of now, Dale's voice has been completely removed from the Dragon Ball series (save for some of Captain Ginyu's battle grunts, which were left in due to Brice Armstrong's age, and a few background voices).
William Paul "Bill" Barretta (born June 19, 1964) is an American puppeteer and producer who has been performing with The Muppets since 1991, when he puppeteered the body of Sinclair family patriarch, Earl Sinclair on "Dinosaurs".
 He later developed several new characters on "Muppets Tonight", including Pepe the King Prawn, Johnny Fiama, Big Mean Carl and Bobo the Bear.
 Along with having his own Muppet characters, Barretta has taken over several of Jim Henson's roles, such as Dr. Teeth, Rowlf the Dog, Mahna Mahna and Swedish Chef, and briefly took over Jerry Nelson's role of Lew Zealand.
 His film debut as a principal puppeteer was in 1996's "Muppet Treasure Island" as Clueless Morgan.
 In addition, Barretta has produced two of the Muppets' television films, "It's a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie" (2002) and "The Muppets' Wizard of Oz" (2005).
 Barretta also provides additional voices on "Kim Possible".
 His most recent film performance was in Disney's "Muppets Most Wanted", where he also served as a co-producer.
 Barretta also served as an executive producer on the ABC series, "The Muppets".
