The Hemus motorway (Bulgarian: Автомагистрала „Хемус“, "Avtomagistrala "Hemus"" ) or Haemus motorway, designated A2, is a partially built motorway in Bulgaria.
 Its planned length is 420 km, of which 170 km are in operation as of August 2015 .
 The motorway in operation is divided into two sections — the first one links the capital Sofia with Yablanitsa, crossing Stara planina (Balkan mountains), and the second segment connects Varna and Shumen.
 According to the plans, Hemus motorway would connect Sofia with the third-largest city of Varna, at the Black Sea coast, duplicating European route E70 (Varna–Shumen), European route E772 (Shumen–Yablanitsa) and European route E83 (Yablanitsa–Sofia).
European route E411 is a European route in Belgium and France connecting Brussels to Metz, a town at the border between Belgium, France and Luxembourg via Namur and Arlon.
 The E411 starts in the municipality of Auderghem along the Beaulieu metro station, crosses the municipality on a viaduct, then crosses the Brussels Ring and leaves Auderghem to enter Flanders in Overijse.
 When it leaves Overijse, the route enters Wallonia in Rixensart.
 It has an interchange with European route E42 near Namur and with European route E25 near Neufchâteau.
 At this point and up to Arlon, the two routes use the same road.
 In Arlon, route E411 continues to Aubange in Belgium, Longwy in France and on to Metz where it connects to the A31-E25 near Uckange.
The Russian route M2 (also known as the "Crimea Highway", ("автодорога "Крым"" )) is a major trunk road that connects Moscow to the Crimea.
 It is part of the European route E105.
 The length is 720 kilometres.
The European route E 22 is one of the longest European routes.
 It has a length of about 5320 km .
 Many of the E-roads have been extended into Asia since the year 2000; the E 22 was extended on 24 June 2002.
Russian route R23 or Pskov Highway Russian: Федера́льная автомоби́льная доро́га Р23 «Псков» is a Russian federal motorway that runs from St.Petersburg through Pskov until the border with Belarus.
 It is part of European route E95.
 In 2018, the road will be redesignated R23.
 Since Soviet times it has sometimes been called "Kiev Highway".
Russian Route A180, also known as Narva Highway (Russian: Федера́льная автомоби́льная доро́га А180 «На́рва» , Federal highway A180 "Narva") is a Russian federal highway that runs from Saint Petersburg through Ivangorod up to the border with Estonia by the Narva River, with the Estonian city of Narva on the opposite bank, which explains the name of the highway.
 It is part of European route E20, making its easternmost stretch.
The Russian Route M7 (also known as the "Volga Highway") is a major trunk road running from Moscow through Vladimir and Nizhny Novgorod to Kazan in Tatarstan and Ufa in Bashkortostan.
 It generally follows the route of the historic Vladimirka road and, to a large extent, forms part of the European route E22.
The Russian route M1 (also known as the "Belarus Highway", road to Minsk) is a major trunk road that runs from Moscow through Smolensk before reaching the border with Belarus.
 The length is 440 km .
 The highway runs south of Odintsovo, Kubinka, Mozhaysk, Gagarin, north of Vyazma, through Safonovo and Yartsevo.
 After crossing the border with Belarus, the highway continues (as olimpijka) to Minsk, Brest, and Warsaw.
 The entire route is part of European route E30 and AH6.
The Russian route M6 (or Р22, also known as the "Caspian Highway") is a major trunk road that links Moscow to the Caspian Sea.
 The road runs concurrent with route M4 from Moscow to Stupino, then branches off south of Stupino and goes southeast across Ryazan Oblast, Tambov Oblast, Voronezh Oblast, and Volgograd Oblast, running along the right bank of the Volga River through Volgograd before terminating at Astrakhan.
 Its length is 1381 kilometers.
 The entire route is part of the European route E119, and the stretch between Volgograd and Astrakhan is part of the European route E40.
 In 2018, the northern terminus will be moved to the M4 south of Stupino.
The Russian route M9, also known as the "Baltic Highway", is a 610 km-long trunk road that leads from Moscow through Volokolamsk to Russia's border with Latvia.
 The road runs north of Moscow across the towns of Krasnogorsk, Istra, Volokolamsk, Zubtsov, Rzhev, Velikiye Luki, and Sebezh, ending up at the state border.
 It passes Moscow, Tver, and Pskov Oblasts.
 The highway forms a part of the European route E22 which continues across the border to Rēzekne and Riga.
