A hill chain, sometimes also hill ridge, is an elongated line of hills that usually includes a succession of more or less prominent hilltops, domed summits or "kuppen", hill ridges and saddles and which, together with its associated lateral ridges and branches, may form a complex topographic structure.
 It may occur within a hill range, within an area of low rolling hill country or on a plain.
 It may link two or more otherwise distinct hill ranges.
 The transition from a hill chain to a mountain chain is blurred and depends on regional definitions of a hill or mountain.
 For example, in the UK and Ireland a mountain must officially be 600 metres or higher, whereas in North America mountains are often (unofficially) taken as being 1,000 feet high or more.
Mount Bureto is a mountain in southern Albania in the geographical region of Southern Albanian Highlands.
 It is part of the mountain chain Shëndelli-Lunxhëri-Bureto chain, which goes parallel to the Trebeshinë-Dhembel-Nemërçkë chain.
 Its highest elevation is 1,763 m. Its orientation is north to south.
 The valley of the river Drino and the town Libohovë lie to its west.
The Hinterautal-Vomper Chain (German: "Hinterautal-Vomper-Kette" ), also called the main chain of the Karwendel ("Karwendelhauptkette"), is the longest mountain chain in the Karwendel Alps in Austria.
 It has numerous peaks that reach heights of , including the highest summit of the Karwendel, the Birkkarspitze ( m (AA) ), and its neighbour, the three Ödkarspitzen.
 While long ridges radiate south and north from the western part of the main chain, with typical Karwendel cirques nestling between them, the eastern part of the chain has an almost high, solid rock face on the northern side, which is most striking at the Laliderer Wand.
 The main chain is divided into the Hinterautal ("Hinterau Valley") chain ("Hinterautalkette") in the west and the Vomper Chain ("Vomperkette") in the east and runs through the Karwendel Alps from Scharnitz in the west to the village of Vomp in the east.
Mount Shëndelli is a mountain in southern Albania in the geographical region of Southern Albanian Highlands.
 It is part of the mountain chain Shëndelli-Lunxhëri-Bureto chain, which goes parallel to the Trebeshinë-Dhembel-Nemërçkë chain.
 Its highest elevation is 1,802 m. Its orientation is north to south.
 The valley of the river Vjosë, with the city Tepelenë, lies to its south and west.
Tijeras Peak is a high mountain summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of the Rocky Mountains of North America.
 The 13610 ft thirteener is located 15.8 km southeast by east (bearing 120°) of the Town of Crestone in Saguache County, Colorado, United States, on the boundary between the Great Sand Dunes Wilderness in Great Sand Dunes National Preserve and the Sangre de Cristo Wilderness in Rio Grande National Forest.
 Tijeras Peak is the highest summit in Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve.
 "Tijeras" is Spanish for scissors, and refers to the double-pronged rocky tip of the mountain.
The Taconic orogeny was a mountain building period that ended 440 million years ago and affected most of modern-day New England.
 A great mountain chain formed from eastern Canada down through what is now the Piedmont off the East coast of the United States.
 As the mountain chain eroded in the Silurian and Devonian periods, sediments from the mountain chain spread throughout the present-day Appalachians and midcontinental North America.
The Marseilles moraine is a terminal moraine that encircles the southern tip of Lake Michigan in North America.
 It begins near Elgin, Illinois, and extends south and west of Chicago metropolitan area, turning eastward 30 mi to 40 mi south of the lake in Kankakee and Iroqouis counties, entering Indiana.
 It formed during the Wisconsin glaciation.
 The glacier had been in retreat when it stopped for an extended period, depositing glacial till and sand creating the hills of the moraine.
Dueodde is a beach in Denmark on Bornholm's southernmost tip.
 It is known for its very fine white sand.
 The area around Dueodde was originally a large sandy area, but in the eighteenth century, it was planted with pines, as well as Ammophila and Leymus grasses to reduce sand drift.
 Today, Dueodde is a protected area.
 The sand at Dueodde moves easily with the wind to form dunes.
 The vast dune area and associated sandy beach start at Haslemere extending some 30 km almost without interruption.
 Apart from the beach, one noteworthy feature is the Dueodde Lighthouse on the southern tip.
 It is the tallest on the island.
 Built in 1962, it offers a panoramic view of the surroundings.
 The two old lighthouses, "Dueodde Syd" (next to the new lighthouse) and "Dueodde Nord" are not open for the public.
The North American Cordillera is the North American portion of the American Cordillera which is a mountain chain (cordillera) along the western side of the Americas.
 The North American Cordillera covers an extensive area of mountain ranges, intermontane basins, and plateaus in western North America, including much of the territory west of the Great Plains.
 It is also sometimes called the Western Cordillera, the Western Cordillera of North America, or the Pacific Cordillera.
Sand Mountain is a sandstone plateau in northeastern Alabama and (to a far lesser extent) northwestern Georgia.
 It is part of the southern tip of the Appalachian mountain chain and it is the largest plateau in the chain.
 Geologically a continuation of Walden Ridge, Sand Mountain is part of the Cumberland Plateau, separated from the main portion of the plateau by the Tennessee River and Sequatchie Valley.
 The average elevation on Sand Mountain is around 1500 ft above sea level, compared to about 650 ft in the surrounding area.
 This elevation leads to its having the coolest climate in the state of Alabama.
 The largest city on Sand Mountain is Albertville, in Marshall County.
 As of the 2010 census, the population of the city was 21,160.
