Shawn Antoine Ivy, known as Domino, is an American rapper born in 1972 in St. Louis, Missouri, and raised in Long Beach, California.
 Being a Crip himself, he auditioned for the Bloods & Crips project in the early 1990s.
 He is the first rapper, in order of appearance, in the title track "Bangin' on Wax" on the album of the same name.
 His debut album, "Domino", spawned two major hits in the United States, including the Top 10 hit "Getto Jam", which reached No. 7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Several further albums were released, and Domino continued to score hits on the R&B charts into the 2000s (decade).
John Arvanitis (born March 7, 1994), known by his stage name Akillezz, is an American rapper born in Livingston, New Jersey.
Robert Louis Carr III (born May 3, 1985), better known by his stage name Judge Da Boss, is an American rapper born in Phoenix, Arizona.
 On July 23, 2014, it was announced that Judge signed to Louder Than Life/Sony Records.
Anthony Cruz (born March 9, 1972), better known by his stage name AZ, is an American rapper born in Brooklyn, NY.
 He is known for being a longtime and frequent rhyme partner of Nas, and also a member of hip-hop group The Firm alongside Nas, Foxy Brown, Cormega and Nature.
 In a countdown of the 10 Most Underappreciated Rappers—Most Underrated Rappers of All Time, the editors of About.com listed AZ as #1 on the list.
 He was also included on About.com's list of the Top 50 MCs of Our Time (1987–2007), where he was described as "arguably the most underrated lyricist ever.
"AZ first became known by appearing on Nas' landmark 1994 album "Illmatic" on the song "Life's a Bitch", as well as featuring vocals on the opening track The Genesis.
 AZ signed with EMI, and soon released his debut album "Doe Or Die" in 1995 to critical acclaim.
 The album's lead single, "Sugar Hill", became AZ's major commercial success as a solo artist, reaching #25 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, and achieving Gold status.
 AZ's EMI contract was transferred to sister label Noo Trybe/Virgin Records when the EMI Label Group was shut down.
Fuego (English: "Fire") is the fourth studio album and eighth album by Mexican-American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia Kings and the fourth studio album by Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla.
 It was released on October 5, 2004, by EMI Latin.
 The premium edition was released on December 6, 2005.
George Ramirez (born July 31, 1994), better known by his stage name Kap G, is an American rapper born and raised in College Park, Georgia in the Atlanta Metropolitan Area.
Jesse Robinson (born October 30, 1983), better known by his stage name Nacho Picasso, is an American rapper born in San Francisco, California and raised in Seattle, Washington.
 He is a member of the Moor Gang rap collective.
 He has notably released several collaborative albums with Blue Sky Black Death. "
The Seattle Times" has described him as "our new anti-hero: a party-hardy street-boss misogynist, whose songs are full of dark humor."
Reveille Park is the eighth album by South Park Mexican.
 It was released on Dope House Records in 2002 shortly after SPM was incarcerated for statutory rape.
 Most of the tracks on this album are freestyle rapping.
 There was a "Chopped & Screwed" version of the album released on August 26, 2002.
 Coy stated that the entire album was recorded in two days.
 It was recorded at his house by his long-time friend and record producer Filero, who also added to the production of the album.
 It was mixed and mastered by James Hoover at Digital Services in Houston, Texas.
Malik Hall (born in 1996), better known by his stage name Haleek Maul, is an American rapper born in Brooklyn, New York and based in Barbados.
 He is also known as Kidgns (pronounced "Kid Genius").
 He is a founding member of the collective called On the Tanz.
 He has collaborated with the likes of Deniro Farrar, Shady Blaze, Hot Sugar, and Saul Williams.
 In 2012, "Noisey" described him as "the new hustler of horrorcore".
Lonnie Kimble (born January 3, 1990), better known by his stage name Skeme, is an American rapper born and raised in Inglewood, California.
 Skeme has collaborated with various West Coast rappers such as the Black Hippy members, Bizzy Bone, The Game, Dom Kennedy, Nipsey Hussle, E-40, Casey Veggies and Problem among others.
 On October 16, 2012, Skeme released his debut studio album "Alive & Living" under RBC Records.
 His second studio album "Ingleworld" was released on December 17, 2013 by MADE Headlines.
 In July 2014, The Game announced that he had signed Skeme to Blood Money Entertainment.
 He also signed with Generation Now and Atlantic Records.
