The American Professional Football League (APFL) was an indoor football league that was founded in 2003.
 After the 2012 season, most of the teams left to start the Champions Professional Indoor Football League.
 It was a member of the Indoor Professional Football League.
 The league consisted of professional and semi-professional teams, with a few core teams that play a full 10 game schedule and other teams that play partial schedules.
 At the end of each season, the playoffs are contested between the league's core teams.
 The first few years of league play were dominated by the Kansas Koyotes, but in recent years the league has gained parity and more stable members resulting in the first championship won by another team, the Iowa Blackhawks in 2009, and the first championship game contested by two teams other than the Koyotes, when the Iowa Blackhawks defended their championship against the Mid-Missouri Outlaws in 2010 APFL season.
The China Arena Football League (CAFL) is a professional arena football league that plays its games in China.
 It features players from the Arena Football League (AFL) and other indoor football leagues' rosters while also using players from China or who are of Chinese descent, The six team, eight-on-eight football league consists of four Chinese players and four "foreign" players on the field at a time.
 The league began play in the fall of 2016.
 It is the first professional American football league to play in China.
 The CAFL is not directly affiliated with the AFL and is instead owned by AFL Global, LLC, a company that was created by Martin E. Judge, Jr.
The Australian Football League stages the highest-level senior Australian rules football competition in the country.
 However, since the late 1980s, when the former Victorian Football League expanded interstate to become the modern Australian Football League, there has not been a league-wide reserves competition; and, since 2000, there has been no dedicated reserves competition of any kind.
 As a result, AFL-listed players who are not selected in their senior teams are made eligible to play in one of the second-tier state leagues: the Victorian Football League, South Australian National Football League, West Australian Football League, or North East Australian Football League.
 The system used to accommodate AFL-listed players within these leagues varies considerably from state to state.
Wilfred Tranter (born 5 March 1945) was an English footballer who played as a half-back.
 Born in Pendlebury, Lancashire, he played for Manchester United, Brighton & Hove Albion, Fulham, Baltimore Bays and St. Louis Stars.
 He made his Football League debut for Manchester United two days after his 19th birthday on 7 March 1964, when regular centre-half Bill Foulkes missed the trip to West Ham United due to injury; Tranter was praised for his defensive handling of West Ham forward Johnny Byrne as Manchester United won 2–0.
 It proved to be his only appearance for the club and he left for Brighton in May 1966.
 He spent two-and-a-half years on the south coast, including a four-month loan spell with the Baltimore Bays in the North American Soccer League (NASL) between April and August 1968, before joining Fulham in January 1969.
 At the end of his three-and-a-half-year stay in London, he went back on loan to the United States during the 1972 NASL season to play for the St. Louis Stars.
John Wilfred Bosa (born January 10, 1964) is a former professional American football defensive end who played three seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Miami Dolphins.
 He played football for Keene High School in Keene, New Hampshire and received a full athletic scholarship to play football for the Boston College Eagles.
Few American football players have come out as gay.
 Six former National Football League (NFL) players have come out publicly after they retired.
 There has never been anyone who has been publicly out while playing in the NFL.
 Michael Sam was selected by the St. Louis Rams in 2014 NFL Draft, and became the first publicly gay player drafted in the league, but was released before the start of the regular season.
 He became the first publicly gay player to play in the Canadian Football League in August 2015.
 In college football, Division III player Conner Mertens came out as bisexual in January 2014, becoming the first active college football player at any level to publicly come out.
 In August 2014, Arizona State player Chip Sarafin became the first publicly out active Division I player.
Wilfred Bamnjo (born 27 March 1980 in Cameroon) is a Cameroonian football player who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Happy Valley.
 His position is defensive midfielder.
 Supporters have given Bamnjo a nickname of "Hong Kong Makélélé".
Jesse Rodriguez (August 7, 1901 – October 12, 1983) was a professional football player for the Buffalo Bisons of the National Football League.
 He played for the team during its final 1929 season.
 He was the first Hispanic-American to play in the NFL and the second person of Hispanic descent to play in the league.
 Prior to 1999, Rodriguez was considered to be the first Latino to play in the league; however it was later discovered that Cuban-American Lou Molinet played for the Frankford Yellow Jackets in 1927 (but because Molinet was a Cuban citizen at the time, he was not technically a Hispanic-"American").
 He is distinguished as being the first Spaniard to play in the National Football League.
American football in Western Pennsylvania, featuring the city of Pittsburgh and surrounding areas, has had a long and storied history, dating back to the early days of the sport.
 All levels of football, including high school football and college football, are followed passionately, and the area's National Football League (NFL) team, the Pittsburgh Steelers, is consistently one of the sport's most popular teams.
 Many of the NFL's top stars have come from the region as well, especially those that play quarterback, earning Western Pennsylvania the nickname "Cradle of Quarterbacks".
The Port Adelaide Football Club is a professional Australian rules football club based in Alberton, Port Adelaide, South Australia.
 The club's senior team plays in the Australian Football League (AFL) under the nickname Power, whilst its reserves and development teams compete in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) under the nickname Magpies.
 Port Adelaide is the oldest professional sporting club in South Australia and the fifth-oldest club in the AFL.
 Since the club's first game on 24 May 1870, the club has won 36 South Australian league premierships, including six in a row.
 The club also won the Champions of Australia competition on a record four occasions.
 In 1997, the club joined the Australian Football League as the only pre-existing non-Victorian club—and subsequently added the 2004 AFL premiership to its achievements.
