"Rockin' All Over the World" is a rock song written by John Fogerty, formerly of Creedence Clearwater Revival.
 It made its debut on Fogerty's second solo album (see "John Fogerty") in 1975.
 It was also released as a single, spending six weeks in the US top 40, peaking at #27. "
Rolling Stone" critic Dave Marsh considered the song a good choice for the album's lead single, although he claimed that it was "little more than the formulaic CCR sound with the title repeated over and over, like a chant."
 Status Quo recorded their own, heavier arrangement of Fogerty's song for their 1977 album "Rockin' All Over the World".
Duke Tumatoe, born William “Bill" Severen Fiorio in 1947, is an American blues guitarist, vocalist and songwriter.
 He has gigged with Muddy Waters, Bo Diddley, B.B. King, Willie Dixon, Buddy Guy, John Fogerty and George Thorogood.
 He was a founding member of arena-rock giants REO Speedwagon.
 He has released fifteen albums as the bandleader of Duke Tumatoe & The All-Star Frogs and Duke Tumatoe & The Power Trio.
 His 1988 live album " I Like My Job" was produced by John Fogerty.
 He typically plays more than 200 dates per year.
"Centerfield" is the title track from John Fogerty's album "Centerfield", Fogerty's first solo album after a nine-year hiatus.
 Originally the b-side of the album's second single, "Rock And Roll Girls" (#16 US, Spring 1985), the song is now commonly played at baseball games across the United States.
 Along with "Take Me Out To The Ball Game," it is one of the best-known baseball songs."
 In 2010, Fogerty became the only musician to be celebrated at the Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony when "Centerfield" was honored by the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again is the eighth solo studio album by American roots rock singer-songwriter and guitarist John Fogerty, first released on August 25, 2009, on Fogerty's own label, Fortunate Son Records and distributed by Verve Forecast Records.
 The apparent grammatical error in the title of the album (the verb should be conjugated 'ride,' not 'rides') is a play on the fact that the original Blue Ridge Rangers (on the 1973 album "The Blue Ridge Rangers") consisted entirely of Fogerty singing all the vocals and playing all the instruments by himself.
The Long Road Home: The Ultimate John Fogerty/Creedence Collection is a compilation album by American roots rock singer-songwriter John Fogerty, released on November 1, 2005, by Fantasy Records.
 It compiles songs from Fogerty's solo career and his band Creedence Clearwater Revival.
 The title refers to Fogerty's return to Fantasy Records, after a lengthy stint with Warner Bros.
 Records and a brief stint with DreamWorks Records.
John Frederick Fogerty {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'ARIBA', '4': "} (1863–1938), was an Irish architect and engineer active in mid- to late-19th-century Limerick, London, Shropshire, Bournemouth, Pretoria, and Zambia.
 Born in Limerick, he was the son of architect William Fogerty, grandson of architect and engineer John Fogerty (engineer), and nephew of engineer and novelist Joseph Fogerty.
 He earned a bachelor's degree in engineering from Queen's College, Cork in 1883, and attended the South Kensington Art School the year later.
 He was articled to Sir Thomas Drew.
 In 1889, he established his office at Wellington, Shropshire, and entered into partnership with Reginald George Pinder in Bournemouth in 1893, later amalgamating Pearce & Parnell of Bournemouth in 1902.
 He emigrated to South Africa in 1914 and enlisted at the outbreak of the First World War, serving time in South Africa, the Isle of Wight, Palestine, and Poona, India.
 During the interwar period, he worked as an engineer in Pretoria's Public Works Department, before becoming borough surveyor in Lusaka, Zambia, in 1926, where he died in 1938.
John Fogerty is the second solo studio album by former Creedence Clearwater Revival vocalist/guitarist John Fogerty, released in 1975.
 It was released by Asylum Records in the United States and Fantasy Records internationally.
 As with the Creedence Clearwater Revival records, the album consists of a mix of originals and cover songs.
 Although the album is eponymously titled, Fogerty himself refers to it as "Old Shep"; Shep was the name of his dog, who appears on the cover with him.
John Fogerty was an Irish millwright, architect, builder, and civil engineer, active in early to mid-19th-century Limerick.
He was the brother of Joseph Fogerty, Sr. and the father of engineer and novelist Joseph Fogerty of London, architect William Fogerty of Dublin, and grandfather of architect John Frederick Fogerty.
 He retired as an architect sometime between 1870 and 1879.
Joseph Fogerty Sr. was an Irish builder and architect active in nineteenth-century Limerick.
 Born in Limerick into a family of builders, he was the father of Robert Fogerty and George J. Fogerty; brother of John Fogerty (engineer), uncle of engineer and novelist Joseph Fogerty of London and architect William Fogerty of Dublin, and great uncle of architect John Frederick Fogerty.
 He designed and built the Theatre Royal, Limerick, Henry Street.
 From the 1870s until his death, he was partners with his son Robert in the firm Joseph Fogerty & Son.
"Almost Saturday Night" is a song written by John Fogerty and first released on his 1975 album "John Fogerty".
 It was released as a single and reached #78.
 It was also covered by a number of artists, including Dave Edmunds, who also released it as a single to more success, Gene Clark, Ricky Nelson, The Searchers and The Georgia Satellites.
