The Original House of Pies is an American restaurant chain, started c. 1965 by Al Lapin Jr., an early franchise system designer also responsible for International House of Pancakes, Copper Penny Coffee Shops, Orange Julius, and others.
Mike's Hard Lemonade Co. is a ready to drink beverage manufacturer based in the United States.
 It is distributed by Labatt Breweries of Canada in the United States and owned by Anheuser-Busch InBev globally.
 The company produces a family of products based on its original "Mike's Hard Lemonade", first introduced in Canada in 1996, a mix of malt liquor, natural flavors and carbonated water.
 Mike's entered the U.S. market on April 1, 1999, changing the beverage to a mixture of lemonade flavor and an unflavored malt liquor base, due to differing tax and beverage laws.
Bambolino's is an Italian American restaurant in Houston, Texas.
 The original Bambolino's Inc. restaurant chain was established by Ninfa Laurenzo and her family, who had established the Ninfa's restaurant chain.
 The original Bambolino's was controlled by the holding company RioStar Corp.
Juice is a beverage made from the extraction or pressing out of the natural liquid contained in fruit and vegetables.
 It can also refer to liquids that are flavored with these or other biological food sources such as meat and seafood (e.g., clam juice).
 Juice is commonly consumed as a beverage or used as an ingredient or flavoring in foods or other beverages, such as smoothies. Juice emerged as a popular beverage choice after the development of pasteurization methods allowed for its preservation without using fermentation (the approach used with wine production).
 The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) estimated the total world production of citrus fruit juices to be 12,840,318 tonnes in 2012.
 The largest fruit juice consumers are New Zealand (nearly a cup, or 8 ounces, each day) and Colombia (more than three quarters of a cup each day).
 Fruit juice consumption on average increased with country income level.
 To the American food industry, fruit juice is more profitable than only fruit.
Winter melon punch, also called Winter Melon “Tea” in east Asia, is a sweetened fruit drink with a very distinctive taste.
 Winter melon punch can be found at many stores and street vendors in Taiwan.
 The preparation process itself is very simple and inexpensive, making this folk beverage extremely popular in homes as well as on the streets.
An egg cream is a beverage consisting of milk, carbonated water, and flavored syrup (typically chocolate or vanilla).
 The drink contains neither eggs nor cream.
Big Boy Restaurants International, LLC is an American restaurant chain headquartered in Warren, Michigan, in Metro Detroit.
 Frisch's Big Boy Restaurants is a restaurant chain with its headquarters in Cincinnati, Ohio.
 The Big Boy name, design aesthetic, and menu were previously licensed to a number of regional franchisees.
Mote con huesillo is a traditional Chilean summer-time non-alcoholic drink made from wheat and peaches and often sold in street stands or vendor carts.
 It is a non-alcoholic beverage consisting of a sweet clear nectar like liquid made with dried peaches (huesillo) cooked in sugar, water and cinnamon, and then once cooled mixed with fresh cooked husked wheat (mote).
 The sweet clear nectar is usually made with sugar, but can also be supplemented or replaced with honey.
Orange Julius is an American chain of fruit drink beverage stores.
 It has been in business since the late 1920s.
 The eponymous beverage is a mixture of ice, orange juice, sweetener, milk, powdered egg whites and vanilla flavoring, similar to a morir soñando or orange Creamsicle.
Vodka Red Bull is a caffeinated alcoholic beverage consisting of energy drink Red Bull and varying amounts of vodka.
 It is popular among 25- to 50-year-olds in bars and nightclubs around the world.
 Red Bull has been used as a general mixer in alcoholic beverages in Europe since the 1980s, though not specifically with vodka.
 However the drink became especially popular in North America when it began being served at San Francisco's Legendary Butter Bar, which is attributed to being its home in North America, and one of the many places you will still receive RedBull's "Perfect Serve" of 2oz's of Vodka with a full 8.4Oz can of Red Bull.
