Yokohama Dreamland was an amusement park that operated in Totsuka, Yokohama, Japan from 1964 to 2002.
 When opened on August 1, 1964, it was Japan's first major amusement park, with a total area of 1320000 m2 .
 The management company, , was acquired by the supermarket chain Daiei in 1993, and the amusement park closed permanently on February 17, 2002, due to financial issues.
 At the time of its closing, the amusement park was downsized to 145776 m2 .
Wildwood was an amusement park and picnic grounds that existed from 1889 through 1932 on the southeast shore of White Bear Lake in Mahtomedi, Minnesota.
 The park was built and operated by the Minneapolis and St. Paul Suburban Railroad Company, a subdivision of the Twin City Rapid Transit Company, which ran a streetcar line from Mahtomedi to nearby St. Paul.
 It was the sister park of Big Island Amusement Park on Lake Minnetonka, as both were intended to draw crowds of people to opposite ends of the Minneapolis-St.
 Paul streetcar system on weekends.
 Wildwood Amusement Park proved to be more successful than Big Island Amusement Park, which closed in 1911, and lasted until 1932 when financial losses brought about its demise.
Wonderland City was an amusement park located at Tamarama, on Wonderland Avenue near the point at which it joins Fletcher Street, in Sydney, Australia.
 It opened on Saturday, 1 December 1906 and closed in 1911.
 At the time it was the largest open air amusement park in the southern hemisphere.
 The 20 acre amusement park was operated by theatrical entrepreneur William Anderson.
 During its operation the colossal playground had a balloon could go up to about 3,800 feet (1158.24 meters) high.
 An enormous switchback railway and around the clifftop, a steam-driven miniature railway operated over about two miles (3.218688 km) of track.
 A large wooden bridge build over an artificial lake, the Alpine Slide would take you to "Rivers of the World", Seal Pond.
 An open air Roller Skating Ring, American Shooting Gallery.
 It was operated by electric light powered by its own steam plant, and the whole area was covered with thousands of gaily coloured lamps and described as a Fairy City.
 The first Surf "Gymkhana" Carnivals was held at Wonderland City (Tamarama Beach) organised by Bondi SBLSC on Saturday 11 February 1908.
 was dogged by controversy for its attempts using high barbed-wire fence blocked access completely to local swimmers from Tamarama Beach.
 Before being occupied by the amusement park, Tamarama Park was the site of The Royal Aquarium and Pleasure Grounds, commonly called the Bondi Aquarium.
Palisades Amusement Park was a 30-acre amusement park located in Bergen County, New Jersey, across the Hudson River from New York City.
 It was located atop the New Jersey Palisades lying partly in Cliffside Park and partly in Fort Lee.
 The park operated from 1898 until 1971, remaining one of the most visited amusement parks in the country until the end of its existence.
 After the park closed in 1971, a high-rise luxury apartment complex was built on its site.
A family entertainment center (or centre), often abbreviated FEC in the entertainment industry, (also known as indoor amusement park or indoor theme park) is a small amusement park marketed towards families with small children to teenagers, and often entirely indoors or associated with a larger operation such as a theme park.
 They usually cater to "sub-regional markets of larger metropolitan areas."
 FECs are generally small compared to full-scale amusement parks, with fewer attractions, a lower per-person per-hour cost to consumers than a traditional amusement park, and not usually major tourist attractions, but sustained by an area customer base.
 Many are locally owned and operated, although there are a number of chains and franchises in the field.
 FECs are sometimes called family amusement centers, play zones, family fun centers, or simply fun centers.
 Some non-traditional FECs, called urban entertainment centers (UECs), with more customized and branded attractions and retail outlets, are associated with major entertainment companies and may be tourist destinations.
 Others, sometimes operated by Non-Profit organizations as Children's Museums or Science Centers, tend to be geared toward edutainment experiences rather than simply amusement.
 FECs may also be adjuncts to full-scale amusement parks.
Major Stars is a critically acclaimed American psychedelic rock band from greater Boston, Massachusetts.
 Their first live performance was in 1997 at the inaugural Terrastock Festival in Providence, Rhode Island.
 They toured Japan in 2000 with Overhang Party.
 In 2002, they toured with Acid Mothers Temple as an opening act and performed at the South by Southwest Festival in Austin, Texas.
 In December 2006 they performed at the Thurston Moore curated All Tomorrow's Parties festival in the UK.
LeSourdsville Lake Amusement Park was an amusement park located in Middletown, Ohio.
 Opening in 1922 as a family picnic and campground, LeSourdsville Lake transformed in the 1940s to an amusement park with rides, attractions, and an arcade.
 In 1977, the name was changed to Americana Amusement Park.
 Following an electrical fire in 1990 that caused over $5 million in damages, the park fell into decline and was eventually closed in 1999.
 Under new ownership, the park briefly opened again in 2002 returning to the name "LeSourdsville Lake Amusement Park", but after failed attempts to turn a profit and the operating company going bankrupt, it closed permanently near the end of the 2002 season.
 The park's remaining rides and attractions were either demolished or sold, or still sit today.
All Tomorrow's Parties was an organisation based in London that promoted music festivals, concerts and records throughout the world for over ten years.
 It was founded by Barry Hogan, in 2001 in preparation for the first All Tomorrow's Parties Festival, the line-up of which was curated by Mogwai and took place at Pontins, Camber Sands, England.
 Named after the song "All Tomorrow's Parties" by The Velvet Underground, the festival exhibited a tendency towards post-rock, avant-garde, and underground hip hop, along with more traditional rock fare presented in an environment more intimate than a giant stadium or huge country field.
 It was at first a sponsorship-free festival where the organisers and artists stay in the same accommodation as the fans.
 It claimed to set itself apart from festivals like Reading or Glastonbury by staying intimate, non-corporate and fan-friendly.
 Another vital difference is that the line-ups are chosen by significant bands or artists, resulting in unorthodox events which often combine acts of all sizes, eras, and genres.
Pontins is the trading name of Britannia Jinky Jersey Ltd, a company operating holiday parks in the UK.
 The original Pontins company was founded in 1946 by Fred Pontin.
Lake Compounce is an amusement park located in Bristol and Southington, Connecticut; the lake itself lies completely in Southington.
 Opened in 1846, it is the oldest continuously-operating amusement park in the United States.
 The amusement park covers 332 acres (1.3 km²) of land, and also has a beach and a waterpark which can be used by guests for no extra charge.
 The park was acquired from Kennywood Entertainment Company by Palace Entertainment, the U.S. subsidiary of Parques Reunidos.
 In addition to the title for oldest consecutively run amusement park in the United States, it also has 14th oldest wooden roller coaster in the world, Wildcat.
 Its other, newer wooden roller coaster, Boulder Dash, has won the Golden Ticket Award for the #1 Wooden Coaster in the World for 5 years, and held that record from 2013 to 2016.
