Barrie Ciliberti was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is a University of Maryland University College professor and former Republican legislator in the Maryland House of Delegates.
Barrie A. Wilson is Professor Emeritus and Senior Scholar, Humanities and Religious Studies, York University, Toronto, where he has taught since 1974.
 Throughout the 1990s he was Chair, Religious Studies, Atkinson College, York University.
 He previously taught Ancient Philosophy and Logic at Saint Louis University in St. Louis, Missouri from 1969 to 1974.
Robert Matthew "Matt" Barrie (born 16 August 1973) is an Australian technology entrepreneur.
 He is the chief executive officer of Freelancer.com, a global online freelancing and crowdsourcing marketplace.
 He is also an adjunct associate professor at the University of Sydney where he teaches classes in computer and network security since 2001 and technology venture creation since 2010.
Chalmers United Church in Kingston, Ontario, Canada is a United Church of Canada church.
 It is located on a unique triangular property at the intersection of Clergy, Barrie and Earl streets, immediately bordering the north-east corner of Queen's University.
 It is one of four churches located within 600m along Clergy Street (the other three are St. Mary's Cathedral, St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, and Queen Street United Church).
 It is named after Thomas Chalmers.
Queen's is a neighbourhood located in downtown Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
 The Queen's district is bounded by Princess Street to the north, Albert Street to the west, Barrie Street to the east, and Lake Ontario to the south.
 The neighbourhood is home to Queen's University and Kingston General Hospital.
 There is a large student population due to the proximity to the university.
 The large majority of homes are rental properties, as there is only 9.7% homeownership in the neighbourhood.
Richard Barrie Dobson {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (3 November 1931 – 29 March 2013) was a British historian who was a leading authority on the legend of Robin Hood as well as a scholar of ecclesiastical and Jewish history.
 He served as Professor of Medieval History at the University of Cambridge from 1988 to 1999.
Barrie Owen Pettman, Baron of Bombie (22 February 1944 – 2 June 2017) was a British author, publisher, and philanthropist.
 He was the co-founder and chairman emeritus of Emerald Group Publishing.
 A professor emeritus at the University of Hull, he was the author of a dozen books on industrial relations.
 He was president emeritus of "Burke's Peerage" and a patron of opera in England and New Zealand.
Barrie Thorne (born 1942) is a Professor of Sociology and of Gender and Women's Studies at the University of California, Berkeley.
Professor Richard Barrie Rickards, (1938–2009), was Emeritus Professor in Palaeontology and Biostratigraphy at the Department of Earth Sciences, Cambridge University and Life Fellow of Emmanuel College.
 He was best known for his work on Graptolites.
 He is also a well-respected angler and was President of the Specialist Anglers' Alliance and the Lure Anglers' Society.
York University GO Station is a train station on the GO Transit Barrie line, in North York, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 The station serves York University but is located in an industrial area 1.6 km away from the university's campus.
 A shuttle bus service runs between the station and the university.
 The station is planned to be closed down in 2018, to be replaced by the new Downsview Park station, which will connect to the TTC Line 1 subway extension currently under construction.
