Commandment Rock is a large rock located in the Lane Cove National Park, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
 The site is home to rock engravings, both Aboriginal and European.
 An engraving of the Fifth Commandment on the rock gives it its name.
 It is reputed to have been carved in the late 19th century by a nearby resident, Thomas Tunbridge, as a punishment from his parents.
 Erosion has caused this engraving to be invisible today.
 Other engravings included a cannon, anchor, axe, sword, bow and arrow, and a crescent and "sunburst" motif, the only two Aboriginal engravings at the site.
 A sign posted near the rock depicts the engravings as they used to be.
Baldred Rock ( ) is a rock in Fitchie Bay at Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands.
 It lies close off the south side of Ferrier Peninsula, 0.75 nmi east-southeast of Graptolite Island.
 This rock was mapped by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition under William Speirs Bruce, 1902–04, and was later named "Bass Rock" owing to its likeness to the Bass Rock in Scotland.
 The name Bass Rock has also appeared on charts as an alternative name for an island in the Joinville Island group.
 To avoid confusion of these names, in 1954 the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee recommended an entirely new name for the rock at Fitchie Bay.
 Baldred Rock is named after Saint Baldred, the first hermit known to have lived on the Scottish Bass Rock.
The Bass Rock Lighthouse on Bass Rock is a 20 m lighthouse, built in 1902 by David Stevenson, who demolished the 13th-century keep, or governor's house, and some other buildings within the castle for the stone.
 The commissioners of the Northern Lighthouse Board decided that a lighthouse should be erected on the Bass Rock in July 1897 along with another light at Barns Ness near Dunbar.
 The cost of constructing the Bass Rock light was £8,087, a light first being shone from the rock on the evening of 1 November 1902.
 It has been unmanned since 1988 and is remotely monitored from the board’s headquarters in Edinburgh.
 Until the automation the lighthouse was lit by incandescent gas obtained from vaporised paraffin oil converted into a bunsen gas for heating a mantle.
 Since that time a new biform ML300 synchronised bifilament 20-watt electric lamp has been used.
Pulpit Rock is a rock located in Cape Schanck, Victoria, Australia.
 It is in the Mornington Peninsula National Park, near the Bass Strait.
The Thompson Brothers Rock Art is an inscribed rock located within Giant City State Park in Union County, Illinois.
 Four names are carved into the rock, all but possibly one of which were inscribed by Union soldiers or supporters during the Civil War.
 The two most prominent signatures belong to brothers Albert S. and T. W. Thompson; the former was a Union soldier, while the latter served as Deputy Provost Marshal and was responsible for locating Union deserters.
 Union soldier Thomas L. Bailey also carved his name into the rock; the fourth name, A. Parker, may have been either a fellow soldier or a resident of the area who added his name after the war.
 The rock was carved at a time when Union supporters and Southern sympathizers fought for control of southern Illinois, and as the Thompson family were among the most prominent Union supporters, it represents an attempt to physically claim the area for the North.
 The Confederate sympathizers' inability to deface the names signifies their gradual loss of power in the area.
 The rock is now one of the few surviving Civil War sites in Illinois.
Minami-karamete Rock is a rock located 9 nmi south of Kita-karamete Rock in the eastern part of Riiser-Larsen Peninsula, Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.
 The name "Miniami-karamete-iwa" (south back gate rock) was applied by Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition Headquarters in 1972 following Japanese research in this area.
The Bass Rock, also known as "the Bass", is a distinctive island off the coast of East Lothian, Scotland.
 Scottish emigrants named three islands in the United States after the Bass Rock:
The Bass Rock, or simply the Bass ( ), is an island in the outer part of the Firth of Forth in the east of Scotland.
 Approximately 2 km offshore, and 5 km north-east of North Berwick, it is a steep-sided volcanic rock, 107 m at its highest point, and is home to a large colony of gannets.
 The rock is uninhabited, but historically has been settled by an early Christian hermit, and later was the site of an important castle, which after the Commonwealth period was used as a prison.
 The island belongs to Sir Hew Hamilton-Dalrymple, whose family acquired it in 1706, and before to the Lauder family for almost six centuries.
 The Bass Rock Lighthouse was constructed on the rock in 1902, and the remains of an ancient chapel survive.
Tantallon Castle is a semi-ruined mid-14th-century fortress, located 5 km east of North Berwick, in East Lothian, Scotland.
 It sits atop a promontory opposite the Bass Rock, looking out onto the Firth of Forth.
 The last medieval curtain wall castle to be constructed in Scotland, Tantallon comprises a single wall blocking off the headland, with the other three sides naturally protected by sea cliffs.
Cousins Rock ( ) is an isolated rock located eastward of the upper part of Berry Glacier and Patton Bluff, about 3.5 nmi northeast of Coleman Nunatak, in Marie Byrd Land.
 It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Michael D. Cousins, an ionospheric physicist at Siple Station, 1969–70.
