The fifth season of the American legal comedy-drama Suits was ordered on August 11, 2014.
 The fifth season originally aired on USA Network in the United States between June 24, 2015 and March 2, 2016.
 The season was produced by Hypnotic Films & Television and Universal Cable Productions, and the executive producers were Doug Liman, David Bartis and series creator Aaron Korsh.
 The season had six series regulars playing employees at the fictional Pearson Specter Litt law firm in Manhattan: Gabriel Macht, Patrick J. Adams, Rick Hoffman, Meghan Markle, Sarah Rafferty, and Gina Torres.
"Pilot" is the pilot episode of the American legal comedy-drama "Suits", which premiered on USA Network in the United States on June 23, 2011.
 The episode was written by series creator Aaron Korsh and was directed by Kevin Bray.
 The series revolves around two lawyers who, between the two of them, have only one law degree.
"Franklin & Bash" is an American legal comedy-drama series created by Kevin Falls and Bill Chais that airs on TNT.
 It stars Breckin Meyer as Jared Franklin, and Mark-Paul Gosselaar as Peter Bash, two unconventional lawyers and longtime friends that are recruited by the head of a firm to bring new life and perspective to the work place.
 "Franklin & Bash" premiered on June 1, 2011.
The third season of the American legal comedy-drama Suits was ordered on October 12, 2012.
 The third season originally aired on USA Network in the United States between July 16, 2013 and April 10, 2014.
 The season was produced by Hypnotic Films & Television and Universal Cable Productions, and the executive producers were Doug Liman, David Bartis and series creator Aaron Korsh.
 The season had six series regulars playing employees at the fictional Pearson Darby, later Pearson Darby Specter and Pearson Specter, law firm in Manhattan: Gabriel Macht, Patrick J. Adams, Rick Hoffman, Meghan Markle, Sarah Rafferty, and Gina Torres.
"Suits" is an American legal drama created by Aaron Korsh and premiered on USA Network in June 2011.
 The series revolves around Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht), a senior partner at a top law firm in Manhattan, and his recently hired associate attorney Mike Ross (Patrick J. Adams) as they hide the fact that Mike does not have a law degree.
 Each episode focuses on a single legal case and its challenges while examining the work environment of the firm, Mike's and Harvey's personal relationships, and problems stemming from Mike's lack of a degree.
 The rest of the starring cast portray other employees at the firm: Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman), Rachel Zane (Meghan Markle), a paralegal who develops feelings for Mike; Donna Paulsen (Sarah Rafferty), Harvey's long-time legal secretary, close friend, and confidant; and Jessica Pearson (Gina Torres), the co-founder and managing partner of the firm.
Boston Legal is an American legal comedy-drama created by David E. Kelley and produced in association with 20th Century Fox Television for ABC.
 The series aired from October 3, 2004, to December 8, 2008.
 The series, starring James Spader, with Candice Bergen, and William Shatner, is a spin-off of the long-running Kelley series "The Practice", following the exploits of former "Practice" character Alan Shore at the legal firm of Crane, Poole & Schmidt.
The first season of the American legal comedy-drama Suits originally aired on USA Network in the United States between June 23, 2011 and September 8, 2011.
 The season was produced by Hypnotic Films & Television and Universal Cable Productions, and the executive producers were Doug Liman, David Bartis and series creator Aaron Korsh.
 The series revolves around corporate lawyer Harvey Specter and his associate attorney Mike Ross who, between the two of them, have only one law degree.
 The season had six series regulars playing employees at the fictional Pearson Hardman law firm in Manhattan: Gabriel Macht, Patrick J. Adams, Rick Hoffman, Meghan Markle, Sarah Rafferty, and Gina Torres.
Rachel Meghan Markle (born August 4, 1981), is an American actress, model and humanitarian from Los Angeles.
 Since 2011 she has portrayed Rachel Zane on the legal drama series "Suits" and is also known for her work as FBI special agent Amy Jessup in the sci-fi thriller "Fringe".
The fourth season of the American legal comedy-drama Suits was ordered on October 22, 2013.
 The fourth season originally aired on USA Network in the United States between June 11, 2014 and March 4, 2015.
 The season was produced by Hypnotic Films & Television and Universal Cable Productions, and the executive producers were Doug Liman, David Bartis and series creator Aaron Korsh.
 The season had six series regulars playing employees at the fictional Pearson Specter, later Pearson Specter Litt, law firm in Manhattan: Gabriel Macht, Patrick J. Adams, Rick Hoffman, Meghan Markle, Sarah Rafferty, and Gina Torres.
 Both Gabriel Macht and Patrick J. Adams made their director debut this season, with Macht directing the eleventh episode while Adams directed the 14th episode.
The second season of the American legal comedy-drama Suits was ordered on August 11, 2011.
 The season originally aired on USA Network in the United States between June 14, 2012 and February 21, 2013.
 The season was produced by Hypnotic Films & Television and Universal Cable Productions, and the executive producers were Doug Liman, David Bartis and series creator Aaron Korsh.
 The season had six series regulars playing employees at the fictional Pearson Hardman law firm in Manhattan: Gabriel Macht, Patrick J. Adams, Rick Hoffman, Meghan Markle, Sarah Rafferty, and Gina Torres.
