The Balkan Air Force (BAF) was an Allied air formation operating in the Balkans during World War II.
 Composed of units of the Royal Air Force and South African Air Force under the Mediterranean Allied Air Forces command, it was active from 7 June 1944 until 15 July 1945.
 Air Vice Marshal William Elliot and then George Mills, both RAF officers, was its Air Officer Commanding (AOC).
The United Nations Special Committee on Palestine (UNSCOP) was created on 15 May 1947 in response to a United Kingdom government request that the General Assembly "make recommendations under article 10 of the Charter, concerning the future government of Palestine".
 The British government had also recommended the establishment of a special committee to prepare a report for the General Assembly.
 The General Assembly adopted the recommendation to set up the UNSCOP to investigate the cause of the conflict in Palestine, and, if possible, devise a solution.
 UNSCOP was made up of representatives of 11 nations.
 UNSCOP visited Palestine and gathered testimony from Zionist organisations in Palestine and in the US.
 The Arab Higher Committee boycotted the Commission, explaining that the Palestinian Arabs' natural rights were self-evident and could not continue to be subject to investigation, but rather deserved to be recognized on the basis of the principles of the United Nations Charter.
The Churchill White Paper of 3 June 1922, officially Correspondence with the Palestine Arab Delegation and the Zionist Organisation was drafted at request of Sir Winston Churchill in response to the 1921 Jaffa Riots which began with intra-Jewish violence escalated into Arab attacks against Jews.
 Although the attacks were primarily facilitated by the Arabs, the British White Paper concluded that the violence was sparked by resentment towards Jewish Zionists and the perceived favoritism towards them by the British, as well as Arab fears of subjugation.
 While maintaining Britain's commitment to the Balfour declaration and its promise of a Jewish National Home in Palestine, "internationally guaranteed" and "recognized to rest upon ancient historic connection," the paper emphasized that the establishment of a Jewish National Home would not impose a Jewish nationality on the Arab inhabitants of Palestine, and "the status of all citizens of Palestine in the eyes of the law shall be Palestinian".
 To
The Jewish Infantry Brigade Group, more commonly known as the Jewish Brigade Group or Jewish Brigade, was a military formation of the British Army composed of Jews from the Yishuv in Mandatory Palestine commanded by British-Jewish officers that served in Europe during World War II.
 The brigade was formed in late 1944, and its personnel fought the Germans in Italy.
 After the war, some of them assisted Holocaust survivors to emigrate illegally to Mandatory Palestine as part of Aliyah Bet.
Air Headquarters Levant (AHQ Levant) was a command of the British Royal Air Force (RAF) established on December 1, 1941, by renaming the command known as H.Q. RAF Palestine and Transjordan.
 It controlled RAF units in the Mandate of Palestine and in the Emirate of Transjordan.
 Prior to being disbanded on July 27, 1948, Air H.Q. Levant was a sub-command of RAF Middle East Command and its successors.
 RAF Middle East Command became a sub-command of the Mediterranean Air Command in February 1943.
Field Marshal Edmund Henry Hynman Allenby, 1st Viscount Allenby, (23 April 1861 – 14 May 1936) was an English soldier and British Imperial Governor.
 He fought in the Second Boer War and also in the First World War, in which he led the British Empire's Egyptian Expeditionary Force (EEF) during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign against the Ottoman Empire in the conquest of Palestine.
The Palestine Brigade of the Royal Flying Corps, and later Royal Air Force, was formed 5 October 1917 in response to General Allenby's request for an air formation for his planned offensive against the Ottoman Empire in Palestine.
No. 40 Wing formed part of the Royal Air Force (RAF) Palestine Brigade during World War I and immediately after.
 It was established in October 1917 as 40th (Army) Wing, Royal Flying Corps (RFC), and become part of the RAF in April 1918, when the RFC merged with the Royal Naval Air Service.
 The wing played a major part in the Battle of Megiddo, the last great offensive against the Ottoman Empire, in September 1918.
 It was disbanded in April 1920.
RAF Coastal Command was a formation within the Royal Air Force (RAF).
 Founded in 1936, it became the RAF's only maritime arm when the Fleet Air Arm was transferred to the Royal Navy in 1937.
 Naval aviation had been neglected in the inter-war period, due to the RAF having control of the aircraft flying from Royal Navy carriers.
 As a consequence Coastal Command did not receive the resources it needed to develop properly or efficiently.
 This continued until the outbreak of the Second World War, during which it came to prominence.
 But owing to the Air Ministry's concentration on RAF Fighter Command and RAF Bomber Command, Coastal Command was often referred to as the "Cinderella Service", a phrase first used by the First Lord of the Admiralty at the time A V Alexander.
Air Formation are an English indie rock band, that debuted with their first 7" in the summer of 1998 under the name "b.e.a.b Approved".
 In early 2000 they were forced to change their name, they chose Air Formation.
 Inspired by Flying Saucer Attack, Spacemen 3, and The Jesus and Mary Chain, their music incorporated heavily delayed guitar and feedback, droning keyboards, and soft vocals.
 They released four albums, three EPs, and five 7"s singles.
