The Treason Act 1795 (sometimes also known as the Treasonable and Seditious Practices Act) (36 Geo.
 3 c. 7) was one of the Two Acts introduced by the British government in the wake of the stoning of King George III on his way to open Parliament in 1795, the other being the Seditious Meetings Act 1795.
 The Act made it high treason to "within the realm or without compass, imagine, invent, devise or intend death or destruction, or any bodily harm tending to death or destruction, maim or wounding, imprisonment or restraint, of the person of ... the King".
 This was derived from the Sedition Act 1661, which had expired.
 The 1795 Act was originally a temporary Act which was to expire when George III died, but it was made permanent by the Treason Act 1817.
Anti-Copying Act, 1992 was law enacted in 1992 by the Government of Uttar Pradesh headed by Kalyan Singh of Bharatiya Janata Party.
Rajnath Singh the Education Minister in the Kalyan Singh government is credited with the idea.
 The law aimed to stop practice of mass copying in school and university examination in the state.
 The Act made use of unfair means in examinations a cognisable offence.
 The SP and BSP government headed by Mulayam Singh Yadav which came to power in 1993 repealed it.
Strolling Actresses Dressing in a Barn is a painting from 1738 by British artist William Hogarth.
 It was reproduced as an engraving and issued with "Four Times of the Day" as a five print set in the same year.
 The painting depicts a company of actresses preparing for their final performance before the troupe is disbanded as a result of the Licensing Act 1737.
 Brought in as a result of John Gay's "Beggar's Opera" of 1728, which had linked Robert Walpole with the notorious criminal Jonathan Wild, the Licensing Act made it compulsory for new plays to be approved by the Lord Chamberlain, and, more importantly for the characters depicted, closed any non-patent theatres.
 The majority of the painting was completed before the Act was passed in 1737, but its passing into law was no surprise and it was the work of a moment for Hogarth to insert a reference to the Act itself into the picture.
The Adoption 2002 Initiative was a program instituted in the United States during the late 1990s by the Clinton Administration.
 Based on the Adoption and Safe Families Act of 1997, the aim of the program was to lower barriers to adoption and double the rate of adoption of children in foster care by 2002 from a 1996 figure of 27,000 to a 2002 figure of 54,000.
The Coastal Barrier Resources Act (CBRA, Public Law 97-348) of the United States was enacted October 18, 1982.
 The United States Congress passed this Act in order to address the many problems associated with coastal barrier development.
 CBRA designated various undeveloped coastal barriers, which were illustrated by a set of maps adopted by law, to be included in the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System (CBRS).
 These designated areas were made ineligible for both direct and indirect federal expenditures and financial assistance, which are believed to encourage development of fragile, high-risk, and ecologically sensitive coastal barriers.
The United States trade dollar was a dollar coin minted by the United States Mint to compete with other large silver trade coins that were already popular in East Asia.
 The idea first came about in the 1860s, when the price of silver began to decline due to increased mining efforts in the western United States.
 A bill providing in part for the issuance of the trade dollar was eventually put before Congress, where it was approved and later signed into law as the Coinage Act of 1873.
 The act made trade dollars legal tender up to five dollars.
 A number of designs were considered for the trade dollar, and an obverse and reverse created by William Barber were selected.
The Adoption Act 1958 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that updated and consolidated the law relating to adoption.
 After receiving Royal Assent on 18 December 1958 it came into force on 1 April 1959, regulating requirements for adopters, requirements for adoption agencies and the procedure to be used when making or appealing a court decision on adoption.
 After the regulations on adoption procedure were sharply criticised, law in this area was reformed with the Adoption Act 1976, which repealed the 1958 Act.
Termite barriers are materials that have been specifically designed to prevent subterranean termites from gaining access to a structure.
 Termite barriers are free of pesticides and act as physical and mechanical impediments to termite foraging activity.
 Development of physical barriers to effectively exclude subterranean termites have made it possible to add new dimensions to integrated pest management strategies for both new and existing structures.
 Termite barriers are unique in that, since they contain no pesticides, they are classified as devices by the United States Environmental Protection Agency.
Baw Beese (c. 1790–c. 1850) was a Potawatomi Indian chief in the area of Hillsdale, Michigan until November 1840.
 At this time he and his band were forcibly removed to a reservation in Miami County, Kansas by the U.S. Government under authority of the Indian Removal Act signed into law by Andrew Jackson in 1830.
 The Indian Removal Act made the voluntary Indian emigrations outlined in the Treaty of Fort Meigs of 1817 and the Treaty of Chicago of 1821 mandatory and militarily enforced.
The Indecency with Children Act 1960 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that expanded English criminal law in relation to sexual acts with minors.
 The Act made it a crime to incite or commit an "act of gross indecency" with somebody under the age of fourteen.
 It was repealed by the Sexual Offences Act 2003.
