Below is a list of sweets and desserts found in Brazilian cuisine.
 Brazilian cuisine has European, African and Amerindian influences.
 It varies greatly by region, reflecting the country's mix of native and immigrant populations, and its continental size as well.
 This has created a national cuisine marked by the preservation of regional differences.
Peruvian cuisine reflects local practices and ingredients—including influences from the indigenous population including the Inca and cuisines brought in with immigrants from Europe (Spanish cuisine, Italian cuisine, German cuisine), Asia (Chinese cuisine and Japanese cuisine) and West Africa.
 Without the familiar ingredients from their home countries, immigrants modified their traditional cuisines by using ingredients available in Peru.
 The four traditional staples of Peruvian cuisine are corn, potatoes and other tubers, Amaranthaceaes (quinoa, kañiwa and kiwicha) and legumes (beans and lupins).
 Staples brought by the Spanish include rice, wheat and meats (beef, pork and chicken).
 Many traditional foods—such as quinoa, kiwicha, chili peppers, and several roots and tubers have increased in popularity in recent decades, reflecting a revival of interest in native Peruvian foods and culinary techniques.
 Chef Gaston Acurio has become well known for raising awareness of local ingredients.
Argentine cuisine is described as a cultural blending of Mediterranean influences (such as those created by Italian and Spanish populations) with and very small inflows (mainly in border areas), Indigenous, within the wide scope of agricultural products that are abundant in the country.
 Argentine annual consumption of beef has averaged 100 kg (220 lbs) per capita, approaching 180 kg (396 lbs) per capita during the 19th century; consumption averaged 67.7 kg (149 lbs) in 2007.
 Beyond "asado" (the Argentine barbecue), no other dish more genuinely matches the national identity.
 Nevertheless, the country's vast area, and its cultural diversity, have led to a local cuisine of various dishes.
 The great immigratory waves consequently imprinted a large influence in the Argentine cuisine, after all Argentina was the second country in the world with the most immigrants with 6.6 million, only second to the United States with 27 million, and ahead of other immigratory receptor countries such as Canada, Brazil, Australia, etc.
This is a list of Portuguese dishes and foods.
 Despite being relatively restricted to an Atlantic sustenance, Portuguese cuisine has many Mediterranean influences.
 Portuguese cuisine is famous for seafood.
 The influence of Portugal's former colonial possessions is also notable, especially in the wide variety of spices used.
 These spices include "piri piri" (small, fiery chili peppers) and black pepper, as well as cinnamon, vanilla and saffron.
 Olive oil is one of the bases of Portuguese cuisine, which is used both for cooking and flavouring meals.
 Garlic is widely used, as are herbs, such as bay leaf and parsley.
 Portuguese beverages are also included in this list.
Levantine cuisine is the traditional cuisine of the Levant, known in Arabic as the Bilad ash-Sham and Mashriq, which covers a large area of the Eastern Mediterranean.
 It continues to carry an influentially mainstream character in a majority of the dishes today.
 It is found in the modern states of Jordan, Lebanon, Israel, Palestine, Syria, and parts of southern Turkey near Adana, Gaziantep, and Antakya (the former Vilayet of Aleppo).
 In the broader family of Mediterranean cuisine, Cypriot cuisine also has strong Levantine influences.
Despite being relatively restricted to an Atlantic sustenance, Portuguese cuisine has many Mediterranean influences.
 Portuguese cuisine is famous for seafood.
 The influence of Portugal's former colonial possessions is also notable, especially in the wide variety of spices used.
 These spices include "piri piri" (small, fiery chili peppers) and black pepper, as well as cinnamon, vanilla and saffron.
 Olive oil is one of the bases of Portuguese cuisine, which is used both for cooking and flavouring meals.
 Garlic is widely used, as are herbs, such as bay leaf and parsley.
Floribbean cuisine is found in varying forms in Florida restaurants and in the homes of many Floridians throughout the state.
 The essence of what makes a particular dish "Floribbean" is similar to that of certain other aspects of variable Floridian culture: it is influenced by visitors and immigrants from all over the world, but especially from the Caribbean (with notable influence from Haiti, the Bahamas, Barbados, Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago), Cuba and Puerto Rico.
 In the case of southern Florida in particular, a subdivision called Latin-Floribbean or Hispano-Floribbean cuisine also borrows features of Latin American cuisine from such countries as Mexico, Cuba, Puerto Rico, Colombia, Argentina, Brazil, and the Dominican Republic, adding more influences to the mix (along with the USA Common Wealth of Puerto Rico.
 To distinguish the Latin Caribbean style from the non-Latin Caribbean style, the terms Afro-Floribbean cuisine and Indo-Floribbean cuisine are sometimes used, as the majority of the Caribbean islands have substantial populations of African or Indian heritage, descendants of slaves or immigrants transported to the islands colonized by British, French, and Dutch settlers.
Croatian cuisine is heterogeneous and is known as a cuisine of the regions, since every region of Croatia has its own distinct culinary tradition.
 Its roots date back to ancient times.
 The differences in the selection of foodstuffs and forms of cooking are most notable between those in mainland and those in coastal regions.
 Mainland cuisine is more characterized by the earlier Slavic and the more recent contacts with neighboring cultures—Hungarian and Turkish, using lard for cooking, and spices such as black pepper, paprika, and garlic.
 The coastal region bears the influences of the Greek and Roman cuisine, as well as of the later Mediterranean cuisine, in particular Italian (especially Venetian).
 Coastal cuisines use olive oil, and herbs and spices such as rosemary, sage, bay leaf, oregano, marjoram, cinnamon, clove, nutmeg, and lemon and orange rind.
 Peasant cooking traditions are based on imaginative variations of several basic ingredients (cereals, dairy products, meat, fish, vegetables, nuts) and cooking procedures (stewing, grilling, roasting, baking), while bourgeois cuisine involves more complicated procedures and use of selected herbs and spices.
 Charcuterie is part of Croatian tradition in all regions.
 Food and recipes from other former Yugoslav countries are also popular in Croatia.
In the past, Phuket was one of Thailand’s commercial ports which traded with other countries.
 These cultural influences are reflected in the cuisine and local foods.
 Phuket cuisine and local food (Baba Peranakan food) is the combination of many cultural food habits, whether they be Chinese, Malay or Thai.
 Some Phuket local food tastes sweet, such as Chinese Hakka cuisine, but it can also be spicy, such as in Thai cuisine and Malay cuisine.
Nicaraguan cuisine includes a mixture of indigenous cuisine, Spanish cuisine and Creole cuisine.
 Despite the blending and incorporation of pre-Columbian and Spanish-influenced cuisine, traditional cuisine differs on the Pacific coast from the Caribbean coast.
 While the Pacific coast's main staple revolves around local fruits and corn, the Caribbean coast's cuisine makes use of seafood and coconut.
