Wiener Carneval ("Viennese Carnival"), opus 3, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss I in 1828.
 The waltz was intended as a contribution to the carnival of 1828 Johann Strauss appeared as leader of a group of musicians at the balls at the Kettenbrücke in Leopoldstadt.
 The fourth waltz theme incorporates melodies from Carl Maria von Weber's Ocean aria from Oberon, with Rezia’s words "Mein Hüon, mein Gatte, die Retter, sie nah’n" ("My Hüon, my husband, the rescuers approach"), partly as a tribute to Weber, who had died not long before Strauss' waltz was composed.
Wayne King (February 16, 1901 – July 16, 1985) was an American musician, songwriter, singer and orchestra leader with a long association with both NBC And CBS.
 He was sometimes referred to as the Waltz King because much of his most popular music involved waltzes; "The Waltz You Saved For Me" was his standard set closing song in live performance and on numerous radio broadcasts at the height of his career.
The Last Waltz King or Carl Michael Ziehrer, the Last Waltz King (German:Carl Michael Ziehrer, der letzte Walzerkönig) is a 1922 Austrian silent film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Fritz Schroeter, Gabriele Modl and Richard Waldemar.
 It is based on the life of the nineteenth century composer Karl Michael Ziehrer.
 A sequel "Tales of Old Vienna" was released the following year.
Strauss' works at this age displays the Waltz King at the height of his creative powers, and it was no less evident in this waltz with its 137-bar introduction, combining tranquil melodies with superb orchestration.
 Its admirers include the famous opera composer Richard Wagner and Strauss' good friend Johannes Brahms.
Sinngedichte ("Poems of the Senses" or "Epigrams"), Op.
 1, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1844 for his debut as a composer at Dommayer's Casino in Vienna.
 The waltz was played along with several other compositions that Strauss had written for the occasion, such as the waltz Gunstwerber and the polka Herzenslust.
 The waltz was an unprecedented success when first performed, and had to be repeated a record nineteen times.
Clyde Moody (September 19, 1915 – April 7, 1989), also known as the "Hillbilly Waltz King" and sometimes as "The Genial Gentleman of Country Music" was one of the great founders of American Bluegrass music.
The Waltz King (German:Der Walzerkönig) is a 1930 German historical film directed by Manfred Noa and starring Hans Stüwe, Claire Rommer and Fred Louis Lerch.
 It portrays the nineteenth century composer Johann Strauss II.
Johann Strauss II (1825–1899) or Johann Strauss Jr. was an Austrian composer, known as the "Waltz King".
Tales of Old Vienna or Carl Michael Ziehrer's Tales of Old Vienna (German:Carl Michael Ziehrers Märchen aus Alt-Wien) is a 1923 Austrian silent film directed by  Wilhelm Thiele and starring Grit Haid, Frieda Kiesewetter and Hugo Thimig.
 It is based on the life of the composer Karl Michael Ziehrer.
 Thiele had directed a first film "The Last Waltz King" about him the previous year.
Johann Strauss II (October 25, 1825 – June 3, 1899), also known as Johann Strauss Jr., the Younger, the Son (German: "Sohn" ), Johann Baptist Strauss, was an Austrian composer of light music, particularly dance music and operettas.
 He composed over 500 waltzes, polkas, quadrilles, and other types of dance music, as well as several operettas and a ballet.
 In his lifetime, he was known as "The Waltz King", and was largely then responsible for the popularity of the waltz in Vienna during the 19th century.
