"Raabta" (English: Relation) is a romantic Hindi song from the 2012 Bollywood film, "Agent Vinod".
 Composed by Pritam Chakraborty, the song is sung by Arijit Singh, with lyrics penned by Amitabh Bhattacharya.
 The music video of the track features actors Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khan, and the remix video of the song stars Deepika Padukone, Sushant Singh Rajput, Kriti Sanon and Jim Sarbh from the film Raabta .
"Raat Bhar" is a pop song from the 2014 Hit Bollywood film, "Heropanti".
 Composed by Sajid-Wajid, the song is sung by Arijit Singh and Shreya Ghoshal, with lyrics penned by Kausar Munir.
 The lively, peppy track, features Tiger Shroff and Kriti Sanon in the video.
Heropanti ("English: Heroic antics") is an Indian Hindi action film directed by Sabbir Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala.
 Actors Tiger Shroff and Kriti Sanon make their Hindi film debut with the film, alongside Prakash Raj as an important supporting role.
 This is a remake of the Telugu film "Parugu", "Heropanti" released on 23 May 2014.
 The film received mixed reviews from critics, but managed to become a box office super hit.
 The satellite rights were bagged by Sony Entertainment Television.
Dochay (English: Steal ) is a 2015 Telugu action crime film written and directed by Sudheer Varma and produced by B. V. S. N. Prasad under the banner Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra.
 The project features Naga Chaitanya and Kriti Sanon in the lead roles and Brahmanandam, Ravi Babu, Pooja Ramachandran and Posani Krishna Murali in important roles.
 Sunny M.R. composed the music for the film.
 Richard Prasad and Karthika Srinivas handled the cinematography and editing respectively.
 The film was officially launched at Film Nagar in Hyderabad on 12 June 2014 and principal photography began on 14 July 2014 at Hyderabad.
 The film released on 24 April 2015.
 The film was also dubbed in Hindi as "Vidroh - Let's fight back".
 The movie is heavily inspired by the British series "Hustle".
1: Nenokkadine (English: "1: I am alone" ) is a 2014 Indian Telugu-language psychological thriller film written and directed by Sukumar.
 Produced by Ram Achanta, Gopichand Achanta, and Anil Sunkara as 14 Reels Entertainment and distributed by Eros International, the film features Mahesh Babu and Kriti Sanon in the lead roles (Sanon's Telugu cinema debut).
 Nassar, Pradeep Rawat, Kelly Dorji, and Anu Hasan appear in supporting roles.
 Mahesh's son, Gautham Krishna, made his debut in the film as a younger version of the protagonist.
Kriti Sanon (born 27July 1990) is an Indian model and film actress who appears in Hindi and Telugu films.
 After beginning with modelling, she made her acting debut with Sukumar's Telugu psychological thriller film "".
 Her first Bollywood film was Sabbir Khan's romantic action drama "Heropanti", for which she won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut.
 In 2015, Sanon starred in the successful romantic action comedy "Dilwale".
Bareilly Ki Barfi (English: "Bareilly's Barfi") is a 2017 Indian romantic comedy film, directed by Ashwiny Iyer Tiwari.
 The film stars Rajkumar Rao, Ayushmann Khurrana and Kriti Sanon.
 It was released worldwide on 18 August, 2017.
 The film was released more than 1000 theatres worldwide.The film grossed more than 30 crores declared a hit at box office india.
"Main Tera Boyfriend" is a dance song recorded by Meet Bros, Arijit Singh, and Neha Kakkar.
 The music video of the song stars Kriti Sanon and Sushant Singh Rajput.
 The song is from the Indian film "Raabta".
Raabta (English: "Connection") is an Indian romantic thriller film directed and produced by Dinesh Vijan co-produced by Homi Adajania and Bhushan Kumar.
 The film stars Sushant Singh Rajput, Kriti Sanon and Jim Sarbh in the lead roles.
 It was released worldwide on 9 June 2017.
Sabbir Khan is an Indian film director and screenwriter.
 In 2009 he made his directorial debut with the film "Kambakkht Ishq" (2009) that starred Akshay Kumar and Kareena Kapoor.
 The film released on 3 July 2009 worldwide.
 Sabbir's second movie, Heropanti starring Tiger Shroff & Kriti Sanon, released on 23 May 2014.
