No. 467 Squadron RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force bomber squadron during World War II, active in the European Theatre of Operations.
 Formed in November 1942 as an Article XV Squadron in Britain, the squadron was notionally an Australian squadron under the command of the Royal Air Force, and consisted of a mixture of personnel from various Commonwealth nations.
 After becoming operational in early 1943, the squadron flew operations in Occupied Europe until the end of the war flying Avro Lancaster heavy bombers.
 It was scheduled to deploy to the Far East to take part in further operations against Japan, but the war ended before it could complete its training and the squadron was disbanded in September 1945.
Russell Brown is an Australian author and former school teacher.
 He is the author of "Desert Warriors: Australian P-40 Pilots at War in the Middle East and North Africa, 1941-1943", dealing primarily with No. 3 Squadron RAAF and No. 450 Squadron RAAF.
No. 22 (City of Sydney) Squadron is a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) mixed Permanent and Reserve squadron that provides support for the RAAF in the Sydney region.
 Formed in 1936, the squadron served in Papua New Guinea during the Second World War, and later followed the Pacific War as far as the Philippines.
 Following the war, the squadron was re-formed in 1948 but was converted to a non-flying support role in mid-1960.
 It is currently based at RAAF Base Richmond, New South Wales.
No. 5 Squadron was a Royal Australian Air Force training, army co-operation and helicopter squadron.
 The squadron was formed in 1917 as a training unit of the Australian Flying Corps in Britain, readying pilots for service on the Western Front.
 It subsequently became a naval fleet co-operation squadron, but was later redesignated as No. 9 Squadron RAAF before being re-formed as an army co-operation squadron during World War II.
 In the mid-1960s, it was re-formed as a helicopter squadron, before being disbanded in December 1989, when it was used to form the Australian Defence Force Helicopter Training School.
No. 466 Squadron RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) bomber squadron during World War II.
 Formed in the United Kingdom in late 1942, the squadron undertook combat operations in Europe until the end of the war, flying heavy bomber aircraft.
 Following the conclusion of hostilities with Germany, the squadron began retraining to undertake operations in the Pacific against the Japanese, but the war came to an end before it left the UK.
 In late 1945, the squadron was disbanded.
No. 463 Squadron RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force heavy bomber squadron during World War II.
 The squadron was formed in the United Kingdom in late 1943 from personnel and aircraft allocated from No. 467 Squadron RAAF.
 The squadron was equipped with Avro Lancaster bombers and flew its first raids on Germany immediately after being formed.
 Operating as part of RAF Bomber Command No. 463 Squadron conducted raids against cities, industrial facilities and military targets in Germany, France and Norway throughout 1944 and until the end of the war in May 1945.
 Following the war, the squadron evacuated Allied prisoners of war from Europe until it was disbanded in late 1945.
No. 456 Squadron RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) night fighter squadron, operational over Europe during World War II.
 Formed in mid-1941, the squadron was the RAAF's only night fighter squadron.
 It was also the first RAAF unit to use a roundel featuring a red kangaroo in a blue circle, on some parts of its aircraft.
 While this insignia was unofficial and the squadron's main markings conformed to the RAF roundels used by British and other Commonwealth units, it inspired the post-war roundel used by the RAAF.
No. 464 Squadron RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) bomber squadron during World War II.
 Formed in 1942 in the United Kingdom with personnel from Australia, Britain, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa and the Netherlands, the squadron served in the light bomber role, undertaking operations over France and the Low Countries, from bases in England.
 It also flew night fighter missions.
 Later, following D-Day, the squadron moved to France where it was used to interdict German transports and infrastructure.
 It further engaged in several low-level precision raids against Gestapo targets in France and Denmark.
 The squadron was disbanded in September 1945, following the conclusion of the war.
No. 12 Squadron was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) general purpose, bomber and transport squadron.
 The squadron was formed in 1939 and saw combat in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.
 From 1941 to 1943, it mainly conducted maritime patrols off northern Australia.
 The squadron was based at Merauke in western New Guinea from November 1943 to July 1944, when it was withdrawn from operations.
 After being re-equipped, it operated as a heavy bomber unit from February 1945 until the end of the war.
 The squadron continued in this role until it was redesignated No. 1 Squadron RAAF in February 1948.
 The squadron was reformed in 1973 to operate transport helicopters but was again disbanded in 1989.
William Lloyd Brill, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} & Bar (17May 1916 – 12October 1964) was a senior officer and bomber pilot in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
 Born in the Riverina district of New South Wales, he was a farmer and a member of the Militia before joining the RAAF in 1940.
 After training in Australia and Canada, he was posted to Britain in 1941 to take part in the air war over Europe.
 Brill first saw combat with No. 460 Squadron RAAF, flying Vickers Wellington medium bombers.
 He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) in May 1942 for attacking a target after his plane was badly damaged by anti-aircraft fire.
 Following assignment as an instructor with the Royal Air Force (RAF), he returned to the bombing campaign in January 1944 as a flight commander with No. 463 Squadron RAAF, flying Avro Lancaster heavy bombers.
