Night of the Living Dead 3D or Night of the Living DE3D is a 2006 horror film made in 3D.
 It is the second remake of the 1968 horror classic "Night of the Living Dead".
 The first remake was released in 1990 and was directed by Tom Savini from a revised screenplay by George A. Romero.
 Unlike the first remake, no one involved with the original is involved with this version.
 The original film was never properly copyrighted, and so it has fallen into the public domain, making this remake possible with no permission from the original's creators (the original movie can actually be seen playing on TV in this version).
Land of the Dead (also known as George A. Romero's Land of the Dead) is a 2005 post-apocalyptic horror film written and directed by George A. Romero; the fourth of Romero's six "Living Dead" movies, it is preceded by "Night of the Living Dead", "Dawn of the Dead" and "Day of the Dead", and succeeded by "Diary of the Dead" and "Survival of the Dead".
 It was released in 2005, with a budget of $15–19 million, the highest in the series, and became a success, grossing over $46 million.
Dawn of the Dead is a 2004 American horror film directed by Zack Snyder in his feature film directorial debut.
 A remake of George A. Romero's 1978 film of the same name, it was written by James Gunn and stars Sarah Polley, Ving Rhames, Jake Weber, and Mekhi Phifer.
Sucker Punch is a 2011 American fantasy steampunk action film directed by Zack Snyder and co-written by Snyder and Steve Shibuya.
 It is Snyder's first film based on an original concept.
 The film stars Emily Browning, as a young woman who is committed to a mental institution.
 In order to cope, she envisions the asylum as a brothel and teams up with four dancers/prisoners to escape before she undergoes a lobotomy.
 As she collects the items she needs to escape, she enters another level of fantasy, in which the women become strong, experienced warriors.
Cruel and Unusual Films, Inc. is an American film production company that was established in 2004 by filmmaker Zack Snyder, his wife Deborah Snyder, and their producing partner Wesley Coller.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman.
 Directed by Zack Snyder and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Pictures, the film is the second installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) following 2013's "Man of Steel".
 It was written by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter and Gal Gadot.
 "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" is the first live-action film to feature Batman and Superman together, as well as the first live-action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Flash and Cyborg.
 In the film, criminal mastermind Lex Luthor manipulates Batman into a preemptive battle with Superman, whom Luthor is obsessed with defeating.
Taso Nicholas Stavrakis (born July 12, 1957) is an American film and television actor and stunt performer best known for his appearances in the George A. Romero films "Dawn of the Dead", "Knightriders", and "Day of the Dead".
 Recruited by his good friend and Carnegie-Mellon University classmate Tom Savini, Stavrakis assisted with stunts and special makeup effects on several seminal 1980s horror productions, including the original "Friday the 13th", in which he portrayed "The Prowler" (as the unidentified killer was initially referred to in Victor Miller's screenplay).
 Romero frequently joked that Stavrakis should be included in the Guinness Book of World Records for having appeared as the most zombies in his "Dead" series (5 in "Dawn" and 4 in "Day").
R. D. Reid is a Canadian actor known for his portrayal of Sergeant Purley Stebbins in the A&E TV original series, "A Nero Wolfe Mystery" (2001–2002), and the series pilot, "" (2000).
 He appeared in Zack Snyder's "Dawn of the Dead", and George A. Romero's "Diary of the Dead".
 His other film appearances include "Capote" (2005) "Half Baked" (1998), "Lars and the Real Girl" (2007).
 He also starred in the indie horror film "Silent But Deadly".
Tyler Bates (born June 5, 1965) is an American musician, music producer, and composer for films, television, and video games.
 Much of his work is in the action and horror film genres, with films like "Dawn of the Dead, 300, Sucker Punch," and "John Wick."
 He has collaborated with directors like Zack Snyder, Rob Zombie, Neil Marshall, William Friedkin, Scott Derrickson, and James Gunn.
 With Gunn, he has scored every one of the director's films; including "Guardians of the Galaxy", which became one of the highest grossing domestic movies of 2014, and its 2017 sequel.
 In addition, he is also the lead guitarist of the American rock band Marilyn Manson, and produced its albums "The Pale Emperor" and "Heaven Upside Down".
Dawn of the Dead (also known internationally as Zombi) is a 1978 American independent zombie horror film directed by George A. Romero.
 It was written by Romero in collaboration with the Italian filmmaker Dario Argento and produced by Richard P. Rubinstein.
 It was the second film made in Romero's "Living Dead" series and shows in a larger scale the apocalyptic effects on society, though it contains no characters or settings from "Night of the Living Dead".
 In the film, a phenomenon of unidentified origin has caused the reanimation of the dead, who prey on human flesh.
 David Emge, Ken Foree, Scott Reiniger, and Gaylen Ross star as survivors of the outbreak who barricade themselves inside a suburban shopping mall amid mass hysteria.
