Howard Bilerman (born September 25, 1970) is a Canadian recording engineer, producer, and Grammy nominated musician.
 He is a former member of the band Arcade Fire, having recorded & drummed on their debut album, "Funeral", as well as records by Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra & Tra-La-La Band, Vic Chesnutt, Basia Bulat, Peter Peter, Rich Aucoin and Angela Desveaux.
 He runs the hotel2tango recording studio in Montreal along with Efrim Menuck and Thierry Amar of Godspeed You!
 Black Emperor and A Silver Mt. Zion, and Radwan Moumneh.
 Before that, he ran a studio in Old Montreal called Mom & Pop Sounds.
 Bilerman has been a frequent faculty member at the Banff Centre in Alberta.
 He resides in Montreal.
Leaving My Empire is the fourth studio album from Irish alternative band Fred.
 The album was recorded in Montreal, Canada by Howard Bilerman (who also worked with Arcade Fire).
 Additional recording for the album was done at Lovetap Studios in the band's native Cork.
 Mixing was done by Ben Hillier and the album was mastered by Andy Vandette at Masterdisk, New York.
 Additional recording instrumentation on the album was provided by Larissa O'Grady (strings) and Eamon Nolan (trumpet).
Stem Stem in Electro is the second album by Canadian band Hrsta.
 It was recorded in the Hotel2Tango, Montreal, by Howard Bilerman, who co-owns the studio with Efrim Menuck and Thierry Amar of Godspeed You!
 Black Emperor fame.
Bludwine, later Budwine, was a brand of cherry-flavored soft drink and flavored syrups that was originally produced in the United States by the Bludwine Company and Bludwine Bottling Company.
 The Bludwine Company was founded by Henry C. Anderson in spring, 1906.
 Bludwine Company produced the master elixir in Athens, Georgia, and various Bludwine Bottling Company locations processed the elixir into syrup and bottled soft drinks prepared from the syrup.
 The syrups were also shipped to and used at soda fountains as an ingredient to add flavor to various beverages.
 In 1911 Bludwine was marketed as having health benefits, such as aiding in digestion, and some physicians in Athens, Georgia and other areas of the state prescribed it to their patients.
 The brand's name was changed from Bludwine to Budwine in 1921.
 Production of Budwine stopped in the mid 1990s.
Masters of the Hemisphere are an American indie pop group, founded by Bren Mead and Sean Rawls.
 The two moved to Athens, Georgia, to attend college in 1996.
 There they met Ryan Lewis, co-founder of Kindercore Records, who played drums at the first Masters of the Hemisphere show.
 Jeff Griggs (also of The Mendoza Line) soon replaced Lewis.
 In 1997 Kindercore released their debut seven-inch ep, "Going on a Trek to Iceland".
 The group then recorded their first full length album, the eponymous "Masters of the Hemisphere", which was released on Kindercore Records in 1998.
 The band soon expanded to a four-piece, adding multi-instrumentalist Adrian Finch.
 Several singles and compilation appearances followed, including a release on the Happy Happy Birthday To Me Records singles club, before the band released their second full length, the concept album "I Am Not a Freemdoom", also on Kindercore.
 The record garnered mixed reviews, which in part was likely due to the album's rather complicated concept, regarding an island of reservoir-dwelling creatures being enslaved by an evil dog.
 The "Permanent Stranger" EP followed in 2002, on the dcBaltimore2012 label.
 The band split up after their next album, 2002's well received "Protest a Dark Anniversary".
 A recording of their then-final show at Athens, Georgia's 40 Watt Club was later released as "The Last Show Ever".
The Hotel2Tango (sometimes referred to as Thee Mighty Hotel2Tango and abbreviated H2T) is a 24-track analogue recording studio situated in the Mile End district of Montreal, Quebec.
 The current facility is the second to bear the name, and was preceded by a similar operation in the same neighborhood until 2007 when the studio changed locations.
 The majority of recording projects undertaken at the studio are helmed by one of the facility's four partner-engineers: Efrim Menuck and Thierry Amar, both members of Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra & Tra-La-La Band and Godspeed You!
 Black Emperor; Radwan Ghazi Moumneh, member of Jerusalem In My Heart; and Howard Bilerman.
 The Hotel2Tango is often closely associated with Constellation Records, a Montreal-based record label.
WPLP-LP ("Bulldog 93-3") is a radio station licensed to Athens, Georgia, United States.
 Founded in 2014, the station plays a personality-driven Adult Album Alternative ("Triple A") music format, and covers the metro Athens area.
 It transmits from atop the Fred Building in historic downtown Athens.
 Despite its music-intense format, Bulldog 93.3 features many local shows, including "Hope" with Keith Keppner, "To Your Health" with Dr. Jean Lawrence, "Sunday Night with Dusty Blades", and "Solid Gold" with Paul Francis.
 The station's slogan is "The Sound of Athens", and its core audience includes upwardly mobile, family-oriented people aged 30 to 50 in the Athens metropolitan area, with an emphasis on Athens and Watkinsville.
Oh, My Darling is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Basia Bulat.
 It was recorded in Montreal and produced by Howard Bilerman, whom Bulat met in 2006 and asked to work with.
 It was originally released April 30, 2007 on Rough Trade Records in the United Kingdom.
 It then saw a Canadian release June 4, 2007 on Hardwood Records, the vanity label of fellow Canadian musician Hayden.
 On February 5, 2008, the album was released on Rough Trade Records in the United States.
Timothy Deaux is a multi-instrumentalist songwriter and musician.
 He currently plays bass for the American rock band The Whigs.
 He was born in Mississippi, but spent his childhood traveling the world.
 After graduating from the University of Florida, he moved to Athens, Georgia, in 2007, where he began touring full-time with band mates Julian Dorio and Parker Gispert.
 In the summer of 2009, they recorded "In The Dark" at Chase Park Transduction Studios in Athens, Georgia.
David Barbe (September 30, 1963) is an American musician and producer/engineer from Athens, Georgia and director of the Music Business Certificate Program at the University of Georgia.
 He is chief of Chase Park Transduction studio in Athens.
 Barbe is known for his work as a songwriter, singer, guitarist, and bass guitarist in Sugar, Mercyland, and Buzz Hungry, as well as solo performances.
 Also, he has produced nearly every album by the popular country rock band Drive-By Truckers, and has worked as producer and engineer with Son Volt.
 He has an all-star solo band in Athens called the Quick Hooks.
