"Failure" is a song by American rock band Breaking Benjamin.
 The song was released on March 23, 2015 as the lead single on the band's fifth studio album, "Dark Before Dawn".
 The track marks the band's first release since the start of an extended hiatus entered upon in mid-2010, and is also the first recording to feature a different lineup alongside singer, writer, and guitarist Benjamin Burnley.
 The track is their third single to reach No. 1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, after "Breath" (2006) and "I Will Not Bow" (2009), and spent nine weeks there.
 On January 9, 2017, the single was certified Gold by the RIAA.
"Blow Me Away" is a song by American rock band Breaking Benjamin.
 The song is a non-album single, because it was written in 2004 specifically for the Halo 2 Original Soundtrack.
 It was later released in 2010 as a digital single.
 In 2011, a remixed version of the song was released on "", featuring vocals of Sydnee Duran from Valora.
 Written by vocalist and guitarist Benjamin Burnley and then-drummer Jeremy Hummel, the song is described as featuring "hard rock roots, ... a vocal-centric aesthetic, heavy electric rhythm guitars", and "an aggressive male vocalist".
Breaking Benjamin is an American rock band from Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, founded in 1999 by lead singer and guitarist Benjamin Burnley and drummer Jeremy Hummel.
 The first lineup of the band also included guitarist Aaron Fink and bassist Mark Klepaski.
 This lineup released two albums, "Saturate" (2002) and "We Are Not Alone" (2004), before Hummel was replaced by Chad Szeliga in 2005.
 The band released two more studio albums, "Phobia" (2006) and "Dear Agony" (2009), before entering an extended hiatus in early 2010 due to Burnley's recurring illnesses.
Foals are an English indie rock band from Oxford, England formed in 2005, consisting of lead vocalist and lead guitarist Yannis Philippakis, drummer and percussionist Jack Bevan, rhythm guitarist Jimmy Smith, bassist Walter Gervers, and keyboardist Edwin Congreave.
 Since the band's formation, their line-up has remained constant, except for the departure of former lead singer Andrew Mears.
What Went Down is the fourth studio album by British rock band Foals, released on 28 August 2015 via Transgressive Records in the United Kingdom.
 The album is produced by James Ford, known for his work with Simian Mobile Disco, The Last Shadow Puppets and Arctic Monkeys amongst others.
 According to frontman Yannis Philippakis, it is slated to be their loudest and heaviest record to date.
 "What Went Down" debuted at #3 on the UK Albums Chart and at #58 on the Billboard 200, making it their highest charting album in the United States to date.
Yannis Tsirimokos (1916–1979) was a Greek left-wing journalist, better known under the name Yannis Maris (Γιάννης Μαρής) as a writer of detective fiction.
 From 1953, Maris wrote over forty short and well plotted novels that at the time were looked down on in Greece as pulp fiction, but have in later years come to be regarded as classics of the crime genre.
 Many of the novels feature Inspector Bekas (Αστυνόμος Μπέκας), the title figure of a contemporary Greek TV series.
 Maris was noted for the humorous and coded names of his books' characters.
"Hummer" is the second single by Foals and is the first single with Yannis Philippakis on lead vocals (the previous lead vocalist was Andrew Mears).
 It was released on 12 March 2007.
 It was recorded and mixed by producer Gareth Parton at the Fortress and Metropolis recording studios, London.
 It was released as a digital download and on vinyl on 23 April 2007.
The Edmund Fitzgerald (formerly known as Elizabeth) were a math rock band from Oxford, England, who disbanded in 2005.
 Their final line-up consisted of Yannis Philippakis on lead guitar and vocals, Lina Simon on rhythm guitar, and Jack Bevan on drums.
 Philippakis and Bevan later went on to join Foals.
Yannis Philippakis (born 23 April 1986) is the lead singer and guitarist of the British indie rock band Foals.
Dark Before Dawn is the fifth album by American rock band Breaking Benjamin, released on June 23, 2015 by Hollywood Records.
 It is the group's first studio album following the band's hiatus lasting from early 2010 to late 2014, and the first album to feature an entirely different lineup alongside founder and frontman Benjamin Burnley.
 Produced and composed by Burnley, the album took shape towards the end of the hiatus and was mostly written before the new lineup "even played a single note together."
 The recording process took place afterwards at both a personal studio of Burnley's and at the same studio "Phobia" (2006) was recorded, with all of the band members performing their respective instruments, including background vocals performed by guitarist Keith Wallen and bassist Aaron Bruch, making the record their first to feature vocals other than Burnley's.
