Twin Hills Airport (IATA: TWA, FAA LID: A63) is a state-owned, public-use airport serving Twin Hills, in the Dillingham Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 Scheduled airline service to Dillingham Airport is provided by Peninsula Airways (PenAir).
Koliganek Airport (IATA: KGK, ICAO: PAJZ, FAA LID: JZZ) is a state-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) east of the central business district of Koliganek, in the Dillingham Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 Scheduled airline service to Dillingham Airport is provided by Peninsula Airways (PenAir).
Fina Air was an airline based in San Juan, Puerto Rico named after Josefina Canto who was the mother of Lazaro Canto.
 It operated charter flights to the Dominican Republic from Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport in San Juan, Rafael Hernández Airport in Aguadilla and Eugenio María de Hostos Airport in Mayagüez.
 The airline has now ceased operations.
The Puerto Rico Firefighters Corps —Spanish: "Cuerpo de Bomberos de Puerto Rico" (CBPR)— is the statewide fire department that provides fire protection, rescue, and protection from other hazards in Puerto Rico.
 It was established in 1942 under the Puerto Rico Fire Services.
 In addition, it offers fire protection services to all the airports under the authority of the Puerto Rico Ports Authority, including the Luis Muñoz Marin International Airport, Rafael Hernández Airport, and Mercedita Airport and they serve as crash rescue divisions.
 A separate agency, the Puerto Rico Medical Emergency Corps, provides emergency medical services to all Puerto Rico.
Dillingham Airport (IATA: DLG, ICAO: PADL, FAA LID: DLG) is a state owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) west of the central business district of Dillingham, a city in the Dillingham Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 Scheduled passenger service is available at this airport.
Hato International Airport or Curaçao International Airport (formerly "Dr. Albert Plesman International Airport") (IATA: CUR, ICAO: TNCC) is the airport of Willemstad, Curaçao.
 It has services to the Caribbean region, South America, North America and Europe.
 Hato Airport is a fairly large facility, with the third longest commercial runway in the Caribbean region after Rafael Hernández Airport in Puerto Rico and Pointe-à-Pitre International Airport in Guadeloupe.
 The airport serves as a main base for Insel Air.
Punta Borinquen Radar Station is a facility of the Puerto Rico Air National Guard home for the 141st Air Control Squadron.
 Located adjacent to Rafael Hernández Airport (which operates at the old Ramey Air Force Base), the facility has operated since 1964 when the 140th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron (ACWS) was created under the control of Air Defense Command (ADC).
Shannons Pond Seaplane Base (FAA LID: 0Z3) is a public-use seaplane base located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Dillingham, a city in the Dillingham Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 As per Federal Aviation Administration records, this facility had 1,000 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008.
 It is 3 mi west of Dillingham Airport.
Rafael Hernandez Houses, also known as Hernandez Houses, is a public housing development built and maintained by the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) on the Lower East Side of Manhattan at .
 The development is named after Rafael Hernández Marín (1892-1965), a Puerto Rican music composer who served in the United States Armed Forces during World War I.
 After studying music in Puerto Rico and Mexico, Rafael Hernández Marín travelled to New York City, then to Latin America; after he returned to his homeland Puerto Rico, he became the director of the Puerto Rican Symphonic Orchestra.
Rafael Hernández Airport (IATA: BQN, ICAO: TJBQ, FAA LID: BQN) is a joint civil-military airport located in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico.
 It is named after the Puerto Rican composer Rafael Hernández Marín and is the second largest international airport in Puerto Rico in the region of Porta del Sol, Puerto Rico's west coast.
 It is also home to Coast Guard Air Station Borinquen.
 Rafael Hernandez Airport mainly serves Puerto Rican westerners living in the Eastern Region of the United States.
 The airport previously served as a focus city for PAWA Dominicana.
