Alexander Garvin (born March 8, 1941) is a noted American urban planner, educator, and author.
 He is currently in private practice at AGA Public Realm Strategists in New York City and is also an adjunct professor at the Yale School of Architecture, where he has taught since 1967.
 He is widely known for creating the vision plan of Atlanta's proposed greenbelt park system, the Atlanta BeltLine, serving as planning director for New York City’s 2012 Olympic Games bid, and overseeing efforts to redevelop lower Manhattan after the September 11th attacks as Vice President of Planning, Design, and Development for the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation.
 Garvin has also written a number of books on the subject of planning including "The Planning Game: Lessons from Great Cities" and "The American City: What Works, What Doesn't".
 Garvin has also served in a variety of positions in New York City government including director of comprehensive planning.
The Collective for Living Cinema was an outpost of avant-garde cinema located on White Street in Lower Manhattan in the United States of America.
 It regularly presented work by filmmakers such as Ken Jacobs, Johan van der Keuken, Yvonne Rainer, Christine Vachon, Dziga Vertov and many others who created films that were outside of the commercial mainstream in the United States.
 It also published a number of scholarly journals on film.
 Many of the founders studied film at Binghamton University together, where they developed a particular interest in the avant-garde.
Ashley Baron-Cohen (born in London) is an independent English filmmaker also known as simply Ash.
 He has a bachelor's degree in experimental psychology from University of Sussex, and trained as a filmmaker at the Pasadena Art Center.
 He currently resides in Los Angeles.
Ira Deutchman is best known as a producer, distributor and marketer of independent films, but in 2000, he moved into film exhibition as Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Emerging Pictures—a New York-based digital exhibition company, which was sold in January, 2015 to Vancouver-based 20 Year Media He also served as Chair of the Film Program at Columbia University School of the Arts from 2011 to 2015, where he has been a Professor of Professional Practice for more than 25 years.
 Deutchman is a member of The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
 He was one of the original creative advisors to the Sundance Institute and formerly served on the Board of Advisors for the Sundance Film Festival.
 He has also served as a Board member and former Board chair for the Independent Feature Project, the Board of Advisors for the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival, the Williamstown Film Festival, IFP/West, and the Collective for Living Cinema, and was a member of the Board for Kartemquin Films.
 In 2015, he donated his personal archives to the University of Michigan's Screen Arts Mavericks and Makers Collection.
 Deutchman continues to produce films while consulting on the marketing and distribution of independent films, and teaching producing students in the MFA Film Program at Columbia University's School of the Arts.
 Current projects include a film adaptation of Barbara Ehrenreich's best-selling book "Nickel and Dimed," a theatrical adaptation of Joan Micklin Silver's 1976 independent film "Hester Street" and a documentary about art film maverick Donald Rugoff, which is in production.
 He consults for Luce Cinecitta on the marketing of Italian cinema in the United States.
 Deutchman was awarded the first annual Spotlight Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2017 Sundance Art House Convergence.
Lower Manhattan, also known as Downtown Manhattan, is the southernmost part of Manhattan, the central borough for business, culture, and government in the City of New York, which itself originated at the southern tip of Manhattan Island in 1624.
The Savoy was a magazine of literature, art, and criticism published in eight numbers from January to December 1896 in London.
 It featured work by authors such as W. B. Yeats, Max Beerbohm, Joseph Conrad, Aubrey Beardsley and William Thomas Horton.
 Only eight issues of the magazine were published.
 The publisher was Leonard Smithers, a controversial friend of Oscar Wilde who was also known as a pornographer.
 Among other publications by Smithers were rare erotic works and unique items such as books bound in human skin.
Dziga Vertov (Russian: Дзига Вертов ; born David Abelevich Kaufman, Russian: Дави́д А́белевич Ка́уфман , and also known as Denis Kaufman; 2 January 1896 – 12 February 1954) was a Soviet pioneer documentary film and newsreel director, as well as a cinema theorist.
 His filming practices and theories influenced the cinéma vérité style of documentary movie-making and the Dziga Vertov Group, a radical film-making cooperative which was active from 1968 to 1972.
The Tutor is the 1950 adaptation, by 20th century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht, of an 18th-century play by Lenz.
 The original Lenz play was produced in 1774 and is also known by the title "The Advantages of a Private Education".
 Brecht contributed few additions to the plot of the original work, but made many cuts and alterations.
 Brecht's work is two thirds the length of the original play and over half the material is new.
 The play was Brecht's first production which featured work from the German Classical Era for the Berliner Ensemble.
 Overall, it was the third production the Berliner Ensemble performed.
 Brecht himself directed this production.
 'The Tutor' was translated by Ralph Manheim and Wolfgang Sauerlander.
The Lexington Avenue Line (also known as the East Side Line) is one of the lines of the IRT division of the New York City Subway, stretching from Downtown Brooklyn or Lower Manhattan north to 125th Street in East Harlem.
 The portion in Lower and Midtown Manhattan was part of the city's first subway line.
 The line is served by the trains .
Stephen Armone (November 17, 1899 Palermo, Sicily – 1960), also known as "14th Street Steve", was a New York gangster with the Gambino crime family who ran gambling operations in Lower Manhattan.
 He was the older brother of Gambino capo Joseph Armone.
 Armone moved to the United States with his family to Queens.
 A small-statured man with black-gray hair, he limped due to a previous hip fracture.
 His arrest record included assault and battery with intent to kill, burglary, and narcotics laws violations.
 Armone was a leader of Gambino operations in the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
 He engaged in large-scale narcotics smuggling and distribution.
