The Daou were a New York-based dance music quintet composed of Peter Daou (keyboards), Vanessa Daou (vocals), Mike Caro (guitar), Leon Dorsey (bass), and former 24-7 Spyz member Anthony Johnson (drums).
 Their only album "Head Music" was released in 1992, with its debut single "Surrender Yourself" rising to number one on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart, where it remained for 11 weeks.
The website's slogan says it is "media for the 65.8 million," referring to the number of votes Hillary Clinton won in the 2016 presidential election.
 Daou, an adviser to Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign, and prior chief executive of Shareblue told "Business Insider" that he intended the website to "reflect the worldview" of those who voted for Clinton and described the site as an "online hub for Clinton backers so that they can find easy-to-share facts, stats and other information you can take out to social media when you’re having debates on key issues people are discussing".
 Daou also said the website had no financial ties to Clinton.
Peter Daou is the creator of Verrit, the prior chief executive of Shareblue, and a member of the band The Daou.
Shareblue, formerly known as Blue Nation Review, is an American left-wing news website owned by the journalist and political activist David Brock.
 The website is headed by former Clinton staffer Peter Daou.
 Shareblue is within a consortium of political groups in Democratic strategist David Brock’s network that will raise a roughly $40 million budget to oppose President Donald Trump's policies.
WSYY-FM (94.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting for approximately 18¼ hours per day, 7 days a week (from 4:55AM through 11:10PM ET) under the slogan, ""Radio With An Attitude"".
 Playing a mix of oldies/classic hits, adult contemporary, rock music, and some country crossovers, the station broadcasts an Adult Hits/Full-Service format for approximately 16 hours per day, from 6:00AM through 10:00PM ET (reserving the first and, also, the final hour of their broadcast day to "When Radio Was").
 "The Mountain 94.9" carries local high school sports in season.
 "The Mountain 94.9" had also carried the complete schedule of Red Sox Baseball (from 1997 through 2015, prior to becoming a Former Affiliate in 2016, which was when Millinocket's affiliation with the Red Sox Baseball would ultimately be transferred over to co-owned WSYY-AM, thus concluding the frequent interruptions to the music on "The Mountain 94.9" during Baseball season).
 The station currently features programming from CBS Radio and carries CBS Radio News at the top of every hour (and has been an affiliate of that network for many decades).
 Licensed to Millinocket, Maine, United States, the station's broadcast signal serves the Central Penobscot County, Eastern Piscataquis County, and Southern Aroostook County Maine areas, and the station is licensed to serve the town of Millinocket, Maine, the very town where its studios/offices and tower site are located.
 The station is currently owned by Katahdin Communications, Inc.
 WSYY-FM originally went on the air in 1978 on 97.7 FM as WKTR, upgrading to its current facilities in 1984 on 94.9.
 Prior to their "The Mountain 94.9" branding, WSYY-FM used to be referred to as "North Country 95", airing a full-time Country Music format.
 The current format, branding, and slogan was probably adopted around March 1, 2004, when Katahdin Communications, Inc. assumed control of WSYY-FM & WSYY-AM from Katahdin Timberlands, LLC (as a result of the radio station facing increasing land disputes), initially as a short term lease agreement but the transfer of ownership ultimately became permanent.
 Those same land disputes would eventually lead to a loss of WSYY-FM's 23,500 watt transmitter location (featuring an antenna HAAT of 211 meters); as a result, WSYY-FM may have been operating under a Special Temporary Authority License (a 12,000 watt facility with an antenna HAAT of 68 meters via Hammond Ridge on Lake Road, about two miles from Millinocket Municipal Airport), ever since as long ago as late 2007, pending a planned permanent move to a 22,000 watt facility with an antenna HAAT of 198.4 meters (from just off Nicatou Road in Medway, well east of WSYY-FM's old or current transmitter tower location).
 On November 23th, 2016, the CP for this proposed move was modified to a 45,000 watt facility with an antenna HAAT of 146.7 meters, the first time this proposed move has ever received official approval from the FCC.
 WSYY-FM is one of the two Maine affiliates—apart from WLOB—of When Radio Was (7 days a week from 5:00AM through 6:00AM ET and also from 10:00PM through 11:00PM ET), is one of the two Maine affiliates (WWMJ) of The Acoustic Storm (Saturdays from 9:00AM through 12:00PM ET), is Maine's only affiliate of the Crook & Chase syndicated Country Music countdown programming (Sunday afternoons from 2:00PM through 6:00PM ET), and is an affiliate of the Blues Deluxe radio show.
 WSYY-FM/WSYY-AM are unusual in that while these stations are authorized to broadcast 24 hours a day, the stations both have sign-offs every day (WSYY-AM signing off at sun-down, broadcasting only on Weekends (but not between Monday-through-Friday) and WSYY-FM broadcasting for approximately 18¼ hours per day, 7 days a week, WSYY-FM's broadcast day concluding with the 11:00PM ET Top-of-the-Hour CBS Radio newscast and then a Nightly Sign-Off Announcement and then an instrumentation of the American national anthem, followed by Dead Air amidst a Transmitter Power-Down, not Signing Back Onto The Air until 4:55AM ET).
 In Old Town and also Bangor (and continuing southward and/or southwestward), the station has strong FM co-channel interference with Portland-market WHOM (which transmits from atop Mount Washington in New Hampshire, the tallest peak in the Northeast and had for a long time claimed on its website that it has the largest coverage area of any FM station in the United States, its signal spanning five states: NH, ME, VT, MA, NY and also parts of Southern Quebec Province, Canada), this matter being especially problematic before dawn or after dusk.
 In favorable atmospheric conditions, a very weak signal of WHOM can be DX-ed in Millinocket during overnight hours (when WSYY-FM is off-the-air).
Inquisitr is an aggregate news and media website owned by Daniel Treisman, an Israeli businessman who relaunched the website in 2011.
 The site views itself as a 'multi-news aggregator' that publishes both trending news and original articles.
 The news website caters to a global audience, and its newly introduced slogan is "News Worth Sharing."
The Toast is an American anthology, humor and feminist writing website, founded in 2013 by editors Nicole Cliffe and Mallory Ortberg and publisher Nicholas Pavich.
 The website is known for its parodic reworkings of classic literature and art.
 Ortberg has described its target market as 'librarians'.
 The "Toast" has also published on feminism and ethnicity-related topics, including a lengthy series on adoption.
 Its name originates from the toast of the British Royal Navy hoping for "a willing foe, and sea room", which was used as its slogan.
"Surrender Yourself" is a 1992 debut single by the American electronica dance duo The Daou, which they both co-produced, wrote, and performed the musical arraignments on, most notably on the keyboards, as performed by Peter Daou.
 Taken from their debut album, "Head Music", the single reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart on July 11, 1992.
Hollywood and Swine is a website that posts satirical articles about Hollywood's A-list stars and show business news.
 "Hollywood and Swine" was created in January 2012 in Hollywood, CA by co-founders Andy Marx and William McArdle, who for a time remained anonymous.
 The idea for the website was inspired by the satirical news source "The Onion", and the name originates from the road intersection of Hollywood and Vine in Hollywood, CA.
 "Hollywood and Swine" uses photoshopped images and over-the-top headlines to play off of real news stories by adding a fake twist.
 Their efforts are supported by advertising sales.
 "Hollywood and Swine"'s slogan is "So many pigs...so little time".
 Marx and McArdle stated that "the key [of "Hollywood and Swine"] is to do something so funny that you can get away with being tasteless" ("The Guardian", 2012).
 "Hollywood and Swine" has fast become a regular news source for those looking to the lives of celebrities as a source of entertainment.
SpaceCollective is a community driven website where information and ideas are being exchanged about the current state of our species, our planet and the universe.
 The website, founded by film-maker Rene Daalder in collaboration with interactive designer Folkert Gorter, went public at the end of 2007, and is now occupied by more than 2500 contributors.
 Gorter is besides the site's interaction designer also the main curator of the "SpaceCollective Gallery", a showcase of images and texts.
 The system architecture and technology of the website is created by Josh Pangell.
 A series of videos is presented on the website called ""The Future of Everything"".
 These episodes are edited by Aaron Ohlmann and produced by American Scenes Inc; executive producer: Joseph Kaufman.
 The website's slogan is ""Where forward thinking terrestrials exchange ideas and information about the state of the species, their planet and the universe, living the lives of science fiction today"".
