Arrival is the fourth studio album by the Swedish pop group ABBA.
 It was originally released in Sweden on 11 October 1976 by Polar Records.
 Recording sessions began in August 1975 and continued until September 1976 at Metronome and Glen studios in Stockholm, Sweden.
 It became one of ABBA's most successful albums to date, producing three of their biggest hits: "Dancing Queen", "Money, Money, Money" and "Knowing Me, Knowing You".
 Upon its original 1976 release, "Fernando", released as a single earlier the same year, did not appear on "Arrival", but it was included on the Australian and New Zealand versions.
 "Arrival" was the best-selling album of 1977 in the United Kingdom and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Göran Bror Benny Andersson (] ; born 16 December 1946) is a Swedish musician, composer, member of the Swedish music group ABBA (1972–1982), and co-composer of the musicals "Chess", "Kristina från Duvemåla", and "Mamma Mia!
".
 For the 2008 film version of "Mamma Mia!"
, he worked also as an executive producer.
 Since 2001, he is active with his own band Benny Anderssons orkester.
"I'm a Marionette" is a song recorded by the Swedish pop group ABBA from their fifth album, "".
 Written by Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson, this song was part of a mini-musical called "The Girl with the Golden Hair" that ABBA performed at several of their live concerts.
 The other songs in the "mini-musical" were "Thank You for the Music", "I Wonder (Departure)" and "Get on the Carousel".
 With the exception of the last track, studio versions of these appeared on the 1977 ABBA album.
 "I'm a Marionette" was the B-side of "Take a Chance on Me", when it was released as a single.
"Money, Money, Money" is a song recorded by Swedish pop group ABBA, written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus.
 It was released as a single on 1 November 1976, as the follow-up to "Dancing Queen" (both from the album "Arrival").
 The B-side, "Crazy World", was recorded in 1974 during the sessions for the album "ABBA".
"The Piper" is a 1980 track off the "Super Trouper" album by Swedish pop group ABBA.
 The song is loosely based on the famous story of The Pied Piper of Hamelin.
 It is regarded by some ABBA fans as being very different from the more mainstream songs they had recorded until this time.
 In particular, the dark lyrics dealing with the seduction by fascistic leaders and a somewhat medieval sound (drums, flute, choral) are not seen in their earlier songs.
 It is also the only ABBA song where a part of the refrain is in Latin.
 The song has gained a small cult following among ABBA fans.
My Love, My Life is a compilation album released by Agnetha Fältskog, a former member of Swedish pop group ABBA, in 1996.
 The album is named after the ABBA song "My Love, My Life".
 The two-disc set primarily features Swedish-language songs recorded by Fältskog, but it also contains a few songs recorded in English, including some of her favourite ABBA songs, such as "My Love, My Life" and "The Winner Takes It All".
"That's Me", originally "Coachman's Farm", is a song recorded by the Swedish pop group ABBA in 1976.
 It was released as a single in Japan the following year (with "Money, Money, Money" as the B-side) to promote the band's "Arrival" album, and reached number 75 on the official Japanese charts.
 Elsewhere, "That's Me" was used as the B-side to ABBA's hit single, "Dancing Queen".
"Disillusion" is a ballad by the pop group ABBA, on their first album "Ring Ring" (1973).
 It is notable as the only song ABBA recorded to have a song-writing credit from Agnetha Faltskog.
 She, unlike Anni-Frid Lyngstad, was a songwriter as well as a singer, and had dabbled in that in her pre-ABBA career.
 She wrote the music, with lyrics added by fellow ABBA member Björn Ulvaeus.
"I Have a Dream" is a song by Swedish pop group ABBA.
 It was featured on the group's sixth studio album "Voulez-Vous" and released as a single in December 1979.
 The single became a big hit, topping the charts in many countries and peaking at No. 2 in the UK over the Christmas week of 1979.
 Twenty years later, Irish pop group Westlife released a version of the song which reached No. 1 in the UK over the Christmas week of 1999.
ABBA: The Movie is a 1977 documentary film about the pop group ABBA's Australian tour.
 It was directed by Lasse Hallström, who directed most of the group's videos.
 The film has become a cult film among ABBA fans.
 Its release coincided with the release of "", the group's fifth studio album, and features many songs from that album as well as many of their earlier hits, and one, "Get on the Carousel", unavailable anywhere else.
