The Land of Sunshine was a magazine published in Los Angeles, California, between 1894 and 1923.
 It was renamed Out West in January 1902.
 In 1923, it merged into "Overland Monthly" to become "Overland Monthly and Out West Magazine", which existed until 1935.
 The magazine published the work of many notable authors, including John Muir, Jack London, Mary Hunter Austin, Sharlot Hall, and Sui Sin Far (Edith Maude Eaton).
 "The Land of Sunshine" was also known for its "lavish" use of illustrations, many of which were halftone photoengravings.
 In the words of Jon Wilkman, the magazine "extolled the wonders of Southern California and had a major influence on the region’s early image and appeal to tourists".
Muse is a children's magazine published by Carus Publishing, the publishers of "Cricket".
 Launched in January 1997, it is published in Chicago, Illinois, and has readers throughout the United States and around the world.
 From 1997 to 2006, it was published in collaboration between "Cricket" and "Smithsonian".
 Recommended for ages nine and above, it features articles about science, history, and the arts.
 Nine cartoon characters, known as the Muses, used to appear in the margins throughout the magazine as well as in the Kokopelli & Company comic strip.
 "Muse" now has a comic named "Parallel U" that replaced Muse's muses, featuring new characters, as well as new content and a different layout, as they recently joined with a sister magazine, "Odyssey".
Scarred: Experiments With Violence In Gujarat is an Indian, non-fiction book that covers the violence in the Indian province of Gujarat, that was targeted largely at the region's Muslim community.
 It is authored by award-winning Mumbai-based journalist Dionne Bunsha, and published by Penguin in 2006.
Rivista Italiana Difesa ("RID"; meaning "Italian Defence Magazine" in English) is an Italian military magazine published by Coop Giornalistica La Riviera, from Chiavari (Liguria).
 Founded in 1982, has recently reached 25 years of activity with a silver cover.
 The magazine is published eleven times a year.
 The field of interests are about military and geostrategical analysis.
 Many articles were published with over 10 pages length, among them many aircraft designs analysis (such as MiG-31 in April 1992, Tu-22M in 1995, Su-24 in October 1996, AMX in 1993 and 1998, C-27J in April 2000).
 The magazine's former director was Giovanni Lazzari; the present director is Pietro Batacchi.
Horizon was a magazine published in the United States from 1958 to 1989.
 Originally published by "American Heritage" as a bi-monthly hardback, "Horizon" was subtitled "A Magazine of the Arts".
 In 1978, Boone Inc. bought the magazine, which continued to cover the arts.
 Publication ceased in March 1989.
 Recently, American Heritage announced its intention to digitize essays from past issues.
Manga Life (まんがライフ , Manga Raifu ) is a manga magazine published monthly by Takeshobo in Japan since the November 1984 issue (published in October 1984).
 Its original title was Gag da (ギャグダ , Gyagu da ) , and the change to "Manga Life" was made to better compete with "Manga Time", a rival magazine published by Houbunsha.
 Most of the series appearing in the magazine use the yonkoma format.
 The magazine is released monthly on the 17th, though it sometimes appears on shelves slightly before or after that, depending on speed of actual distribution.
 "Manga Life" is published in B5 size, and its Japanese magazine code is 18635.
Sylph (シルフ , Shirufu ) is a Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks) and is sold monthly.
 The magazine was originally published on December 9, 2006 as a special edition version of MediaWorks' now-defunct "Dengeki Comic Gao!
" under the title "Comic Sylph" (コミックシルフ , Komikku Shirufu , normally written as "comic SYLPH") as a quarterly publication.
 On March 21, 2008, with the release of the sixth volume, the magazine was transferred over as a special edition version of ASCII Media Works' shōnen manga magazine "Dengeki Daioh".
 On May 22, 2008, the magazine became independent of "Dengeki Daioh" and was published as volume one of "Sylph" as the July 2008 issue as a bimonthly publication.
 On May 22, 2010, the magazine started to be published monthly.
 "Sylph" is one of the few magazines originally published by MediaWorks not under the "Dengeki" naming line, such as with "Dengeki Daioh", and "Dengeki G's Magazine", the first of which being "Active Japan" in 1995 which has been discontinued since 1998.
SFX Cassette Magazine was a short-lived British music magazine published in the very early 1980s (not to be confused with SFX magazine, a best-selling science fiction magazine published continuously since 1995).
 The distinguishing feature of SFX was its format: rather than traditional print media, the magazine was distributed in the form of a one-hour cassette.
 Magazines were sold as cassettes twist-tied to an 8-1/4" x 11-3/4" cardboard backing.
 The tag line of each issue: "The Only Music Magazine on C-60."
Multiple publications exist under the name Wavelength Magazine.
 'Wavelength' is a worldwide surfing magazine published by WL Media, based in Newquay, Cornwall.
 Another 'Wavelength Magazine' is a sea kayaking magazine published on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, with distribution throughout Canada and the United States and available free online.
 The Canadian magazine was founded in 1991 on Gabriola Island, British Columbia, and is now published in Nanaimo.
Dionne Bunsha is an award-winning journalist from Mumbai, India, who has written about suicide deaths among farmers, religious strife in India, human rights, threats to the Indian environment and a range of other crucial issues.
 She worked most recently for "Frontline" magazine.
 Bunsha is the author of "" (2006).
