Nude by Rihanna is the third fragrance for women by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 The fragrance was released on November 23, 2012 (Black Friday), under the perfume line, Parlux Fragrances.
Wonderstruck is a women's fragrance from Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Endorsed by country singer Taylor Swift, it took its name from Swift's song "Enchanted", which reflected on the first impression one person has of another: "I'm wonderstruck blushing all the way home".
 The tagline for the fragrance is "The beginning of something magical".
Fantasy is a women's fragrance and fragrance line by Britney Spears and Elizabeth Arden.
 Fantasy, the perfume, is the second perfume to be endorsed by Britney Spears.
 It was released in the US on September 15, 2005, following the successful previous perfume from Spears, "Curious", which made over $30 million in sales in the first three months of its launch.
 The Fantasy fragrance line has currently fourteen perfumes: Fantasy, Midnight Fantasy, Hidden Fantasy, Circus Fantasy, Fantasy Twist, Island Fantasy, Fantasy Anniversary Edition, Fantasy The Nice Remix, Fantasy The Naughty Remix, Fantasy Stage Edition, Rocker Femme Fantasy, Fantasy Renner Edition, Fantasy Intimate Edition, and Maui Fantasy.
Rogue is the fourth fragrance released by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 The fragrance was released in two installments; firstly a women's fragrance and finally a men's cologne.
 The women's fragrance was officially released on September 4, 2013 under the perfume line, Parlux Fragrances and was made available for purchase on Rihanna's official perfume website and also at Macy's, Dillards and Belk stores.
Ambition is the third women's fragrance created by American pop/R&B singer, songwriter Jordin Sparks alongside CPL Aromas & Preferred Fragrance, endorsed by Jordin Sparks.
 The product was released exclusively to Bon-Ton Department Stores nationwide on November 8, 2012 in store and online.
 Ambition... was Preceded by two additional releases.
 her first fragrance "Because of You..." and her second fragrance "Fascinate".
 Each scent was followed with its own Eau De Parfum release and multiple gift sets.
Curious is a women's fragrance by Britney Spears for Elizabeth Arden, and is the first perfume to be endorsed by Britney Spears, preceding "Fantasy."
 Spears reportedly earned $52 million from the endorsement.
Rebelle is the second fragrance for women by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 The fragrance was released in spring 2012 under the perfume line Parlux Fragrances.
 The fragrance was made available for purchase on Belk.com, on February 15, 2012.
 in the United States.
 It was also available in a special pack at Macy's for a limited time.
 The pack included the singer's previous fragrance, Reb'l Fleur, her sixth studio album, "Talk That Talk" and Rebelle.
Reb'l Fleur is the first fragrance for women endorsed by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 The fragrance was promoted with the accompanying tagline "Bad feels so good".
 Reb'l Fleur was released in the United States on January 25, 2011, and in the United Kingdom on August 19, 2011.
 The product was positively received upon its release, and it became highly successful.
Radiance is a women's fragrance and ninth released by Britney Spears for Elizabeth Arden, September 2010.
 Spears first revealed the fragrance in her Twitter account, later revealing through the same social network an advertisement, which features the singer in a long silver dress, that was later donated to raise funds for The Matthew Van Daff Special Needs Trust.
 The top notes of "Radiance" are wild berries and soft, dewy petals, mixed with tuberose, jasmine, orange blossom and iris.
 With the tagline "Choose your own destiny", the fragrance is available as 50 and 100 ml EDP.
 "Radiance" was also promoted in Spears' music videos for "Hold It Against Me" (2011) and "Criminal" (2011).
Eau de Gaga is the second fragrance created by American singer Lady Gaga.
 The announcement and details of the fragrance were announced on her Haus Laboratories website.
 The fragrance's notes include white violet, lime, and leather, and it is marketed as being suitable for both men and women.
