Animality studies is an emerging interdisciplinary academic field focused on the cultural study of animals and animality.
 It can be distinguished from animal studies and critical animal studies by its resistance to animal rights or animal welfare as an explicit justification for work in this field.
 According to Michael Lundblad, "If animal studies can be seen as work that explores representations of animality and related discourses with an emphasis on advocacy for nonhuman animals, animality studies becomes work that emphasizes the history of animality in relation to human cultural studies, without an explicit call for nonhuman advocacy."
Confrontation or (Russian: Противостояние , "Protivostoyanie " ) is a 1985 Soviet six-part television film directed by Semyon Aranovich based on the novel by Yulian Semyonov.
The Year of the Dog (Russian: Год собаки , "God sobaki " ) is a 1994 Russian drama film directed by Semyon Aranovich.
 It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution.
In mathematics, Hahn series (sometimes also known as Hahn–Mal'cev–Neumann series) are a type of formal infinite series.
 They are a generalization of Puiseux series (themselves a generalization of formal power series) and were first introduced by Hans Hahn in 1907 (and then further generalized by Anatoly Maltsev and Bernhard Neumann to a non-commutative setting).
 They allow for arbitrary exponents of the indeterminate so long as the set supporting them forms a well-ordered subset of the value group (typically formula_1 or formula_2).
 Hahn series were first introduced, as groups, in the course of the proof of the Hahn embedding theorem and then studied by him as fields in his approach to Hilbert's seventeenth problem.
Rafferty or (Russian: Рафферти , "Rafferty " ) is a Soviet 1980 drama television film directed by Semyon Aranovich and based on the novel by American writer Lionel White.
Inderpal Grewal is a professor of Women's, Gender and Sexuality Studies at Yale University, and a key figure in the academic discipline of women's studies.
 She is an influential feminist scholar whose research interests include transnational and postcolonial feminist theory; feminism and human rights; nongovernmental organizations and theories of civil society and citizenship; law and subjectivity; travel and mobility and South Asian cultural studies.
 Together with Caren Kaplan, Grewal is best known for her work as a founder of the field of transnational feminist cultural studies or transnational feminism.
 She has served on the Editorial and Advisory Boards of core journals in the field of feminist cultural studies, Women's Studies Quarterly; Jouvert: Journal of Postcolonial Studies and Meridians: feminisms, race, transnationalism.
 She is also one of three series editors for the "New Wave in Women's Studies" book series published by Duke University Press.
, and blogs about gender issues for the Huffington Post.
Anatoly Ivanovich Maltsev (also: Malcev, Mal'cev; Russian: Анато́лий Ива́нович Ма́льцев; 27 November N.S./14 November O.S. 1909, Moscow Governorate – 7 June 1967, Novosibirsk) was born in Misheronsky, near Moscow, and died in Novosibirsk, USSR.
 He was a mathematician noted for his work on the decidability of various algebraic groups. Malcev algebras (generalisations of Lie algebras) are named after him.
Chris Field, Ph.D is an American scientist and researcher, who has contributed to the field of climate change.
 The author of more than 200 scientific publications, Field’s research emphasizes impacts of climate change, from the molecular to the global scale.
 His work includes major field experiments on responses of California grassland to multi-factor global change, integrative studies on the global carbon cycle, and assessments of impacts of climate change on agriculture.
 Field’s work with models includes studies on the global distribution of carbon sources and sinks, and studies on environmental consequences of expanding biomass energy.
Madonna Studies is a term which has been used to refer to a development of a field in several studios since late 1980s.
 One writer described the "institutionalization of a major subdivision of American media studies into Madonna studies".
 The field related to the study of and interpretation of the work of American pop musician Madonna using an interdisciplinary approach incorporating cultural studies and media studies.
 A notable compendium of essays titled "The Madonna Connection" was published in 1992.
 Controversy over this field of study stemmed from discussions over the intellectual worth of pursuing academic inquiry into a pop musician, with some arguing the field was nothing more than pop cultural commentary.
Girl studies, also known as girlhood studies, is an interdisciplinary academic field of study that is focused on girlhood and girls' culture that combines advocacy and the direct perspectives and thoughts of girls themselves.
 The field officially emerged in the 1990s after decades of falling under the broader field of women’s studies.
 Scholars within girl studies examine social and cultural elements of girlhood and move away from an adult-centered focus.
 Those working in the field of girl studies have studied it primarily in relation to other fields that include sociology, psychology, education, history, literary studies, media studies, and communication studies.
 Girl studies seeks to work directly with girls themselves in order to analyze their lives and understand the large societal forces at play within them.
 Scholars in girl studies also explore the connection the field has to women's studies, boyhood studies, and masculinity studies.
