"Nasty Girl" is a song by rapper The Notorious B.I.G.
 It was released in 2005 in the US and on January 16, 2006 in the UK.
 The single reached #1 in the United Kingdom (this being his first #1 in the country, just under a year after "rival" rapper 2Pac had also achieved his first #1 there also with "Ghetto Gospel").
 The song features guest appearances from Jagged Edge, P. Diddy, Avery Storm, and Nelly and the video also contains guest appearances from Pharrell, Usher, Fat Joe, 8 Ball & MJG, Teairra Mari, Jazze Pha, DJ Green Lantern, Naomi Campbell and Memphis Bleek.
 It can be found on the album "", a remixed album of Biggie Smalls' work.
 The lyrical section rapped by Notorious B.I.G is actually lifted from another of his songs called "Nasty Boy", featured on his second album "Life After Death".
 Despite this, the production to the song "Nasty Boy" is completely different from that for "Nasty Girl", and apart from the lyrical sample, and the second verse (rapped by P. Diddy) rapped in the style of Biggie's second verse of Nasty Boy, the two songs bear no similarities.
 The chorus, sung by Jagged Edge, which has the line "Grab your titties for B.I.G.", references "Player's Anthem", which he says "Bitches, rub your titties if you love Big Poppa".
Duets: The Final Chapter (sometimes referred as The Biggie Duets) is the fourth studio album and second and final posthumous album by late American rapper The Notorious B.I.G., and is a collection of songs featuring appearances of other prominent rappers.
 The album was released by Bad Boy Records and Atlantic Records on December 20, 2005 and charted at #3 selling 438,000 copies, beaten by the extremely high sales of Jamie Foxx's "Unpredictable" and Mary J. Blige's "The Breakthrough".
 In the UK it climbed as high as #13 after the release of the album's first single "Nasty Girl".
 It is his third posthumous album that went Double-platinum and is said to be his last album of mainly new material.
Patrick Kelly (September 24, 1954 – January 1, 1990) was an American fashion designer.
 Born in Vicksburg, Mississippi, Kelly studied art at Jackson State University and then attended Parsons School of Design.
 While in New York Kelly Struggled to find steady employment.
 To support himself he had many jobs that included a part time job at Baskin Robbins while continuing to sell his own designs.
 After receiving advice from his friend and super model Pat Cleveland and an anonymous one-way ticket he moved to Paris in 1979.
 Once there Kelly was promptly hired as a costume designer for a nightclub called Le Palace.
 In a small apartment which he shared with a model he continued to sell his own creations and even homemade chicken dinners to make ends meet.
 While living in Atlanta at age 18 Kelly sold reworked, recycled clothes and served as an unpaid window-dresser at Yves Saint Laurent.
 YSL chairman Pierre Bergé personally sponsored Kelly in 1988 to form the Paris-based womenswear fashion house Patrick Kelly Paris.
 Kelly achieved his greatest commercial success in the late 1980s and in 1988 Kelly became both the first American and the first person of color to be admitted as a member of the Chambre syndicale du prêt-à-porter des couturiers et des créateurs de mode.
 Kelly died at age 35 on New Year's Day, 1990.
 Originally Kelly's causes of death were reported to be bone marrow disease and a brain tumor, but the actual cause of death is now acknowledged to be complications of AIDS.
Craig Mack (born May 10, 1971) is an American rapper, who gained fame on Puff Daddy's Bad Boy Entertainment record label in the 1990s.
 Although his first single was released under the name MC EZ in 1988, he is best known for his 1994 hit single "Flava In Ya Ear", which was released under his real name.
 The remix of the single was the breakout appearance of The Notorious B.I.G., as well as one of the first solo appearances by Busta Rhymes.
 The success of The Notorious B.I.G.'s debut album "Ready to Die" overshadowed Mack's early success on the Bad Boy label.
Notorious: Music from and Inspired by the Original Motion Picture is the official soundtrack to the 2009 biopic film "Notorious" based on the life and death of rapper The Notorious B.I.G..
 It features mostly his previously heard songs, inclusively the ones harder to find such as "Party and Bullshit" and "One More Chance (Remix)".
 It includes two original songs "Brooklyn Go Hard" by Jay-Z and a tribute to the rapper by Jadakiss and widow Faith Evans called "Letter to B.I.G.", as well as three unreleased demos by him and a song with Christopher "CJ" Wallace, Jr., his son.
 s of March 2009 , the album sold roughly 124,490 copies.
 "Notorious Thugs", "Notorious B.I.G.", "One More Chance (Remix)", "Brooklyn Go Hard", "Kick in the Door", "What's Beef", "The World Is Filled...", "One More Chance / The Legacy Remix" and "Love No Ho" do not feature in the movie, but are included on the album.
Denise Katrina Matthews (January 4, 1959 – February 15, 2016), better known as Vanity, was a Canadian singer, songwriter, dancer, actress and model, who turned away from her music and acting career to concentrate on evangelism.
 Her career lasted from the early 1980s until the mid-1990s.
 She was the lead singer of the female trio Vanity 6 from 1981 until it disbanded in 1983.
 They are known for their 1982 R&B/funk hit "Nasty Girl".
 Vanity's music career also included two solo albums on the Motown Records label, "Wild Animal" and "Skin on Skin", as well as the minor hit singles "Pretty Mess", "Mechanical Emotion", "Undress" (from the movie "Action Jackson"), and "Under the Influence".
 She also had a successful film career, starring in the movies "The Last Dragon", "52 Pick-Up", and "Action Jackson".
 Throughout the 1980s to the 1990s, Vanity appeared in many magazines around the world.
 She died on February 15, 2016, at the age of 57, due to renal failure.
"Mo Money Mo Problems" is a single by The Notorious B.I.G., the second single from his album "Life After Death".
 Released posthumously, the single topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 for two weeks in 1997, replacing "I'll Be Missing You" from the chart, Puff Daddy's tribute to the rapper's death himself.
 The song is Notorious B.I.G.'s second posthumous number one single, following "Hypnotize", making him the only artist in Hot 100 history to have two #1 singles posthumously.
 It was the sixth song to hit #1 posthumously for a credited artist.
 The song was nominated for the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group.
Project: Funk da World is the debut studio album by rapper Craig Mack, released September 20, 1994.
 The album was the second release on Bad Boy Records, following The Notorious B.I.G.'s classic "Ready to Die" by one week.
 Propelled by the success of the Platinum RIAA-selling smash hit single "Flava in Ya Ear", the album reached Gold-RIAA sales status on February 22, 1995.
 "Flava In Ya Ear" also featured a successful remix (not included on the album), featuring guest verses from The Notorious B.I.G., Busta Rhymes, & LL Cool J.
 The album's second single, "Get Down", was the rapper's second Top 40 hit in 1994, & achieved Gold sales status in the United States in April 1995.
"Victory" is a song recorded by American hip hop recording artist Puff Daddy.
 The song was originally written by The Notorious B.I.G., Jason Phillips and Steven Jordan for his debut studio album "No Way Out" (1997).
 It features heavy use of mafioso-style lyrics, as was popular at the time.
 It features The Notorious B.I.G., who raps two verses, and Busta Rhymes, who raps the song's chorus.
 The song also heavily sampled the Bill Conti song "Going the Distance", which featured on the soundtrack to the movie "Rocky" making it a darker start to a rap album that featured many (at the time) club-standard singles.
 The song was released as a single in 1998, peaking at number 19 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 This song featured the very last verses recorded by The Notorious B.I.G. before his 1997 death as these verses were recorded a day before his shooting.
 The song was used for the video game by 2K Sports, "NBA 2K13" by Puff Daddy and the Family featuring The Notorious B.I.G. and Busta Rhymes.
 This was re-used for the soundtrack of NBA 2K18.
Total is an American contemporary R&B girl group and one of the signature acts of Sean Combs' Bad Boy Records imprint during the 1990s.
 The group consisted of members Kima Raynor, Keisha Spivey, and Pamela Long.
 Total is best known for their hits "What You Want" (Featuring Mase), "Kissing You", "Can't You See" (featuring The Notorious B.I.G.), and "What About Us?"
 and "Trippin'", both featuring Missy Elliott.
 Long was also featured on The Notorious B.I.G.'s hit song "Hypnotize", singing the chorus.
