Sonora Santanera is an orchestra playing tropical music from Mexico with over 60 years of history.
 The band was founded in 1955 by Carlos Colorado in the state of Tabasco, modeled after an earlier Cuban band called Sonora Matancera.
 However, the band created its own style.
 In 1960, comic actor Jesús “Palillo” Martínez helped the band play in Mexico City and get a professional record deal under the name of Sonora Santanera.
 From that time until 1986, the band changed members, but remained focused on Carlos Colorado, the sole musical arranger for the group.
 Colorado died in a bus accident in 1986, causing some members to split off and form another orchestra called Los Santaneros.
 The remaining members changed name to Internacional Sonora Santanera.
 Since the 1980s, little of the band’s sound changed although members continued to do so.
 In the 2000s, more bands appeared using the name of Sonora Santanera as part of their names, leading the orchestra to pursue legal actions and another name change in 2007 to the current name of "La Única Internacional Sonora Santanera".
Chunwei () is an ethnonym for the most ancient nomadic tribes that invaded China during legendary times.
 A Chinese Classical scholar and the first President of the Imperial Nanking University, Wei Zhao (204–273), commented, identificating the name Chunwei with the name of the Huns: “During the Han (206 BC-220 AD) they (the Huns) were called Xiongnu 匈奴, and the Hunyu 葷粥 is just another name for the same people, and similarly, the Xunyu 獯粥 is just another transcription of Chunwei’s 淳維, their ancestor’s name”.
A Brilliant Genocide is a 2016 documentary film produced by Atlantic Star Productions.
 The purpose of the film is to reveal atrocities committed against the Acholi people by the Government of Uganda, and its President Yoweri Museveni, under the guise of crushing a rebellion by Joseph Kony's Lord's Resistance Army (LRA).
 The film is a counterpoint to the 2012 documentary short film "Kony 2012".
 It was directed by Ebony Butler.
Be Like My Child (わたしの子供になりなさい , Watashi no Kodomo ni Narinasai ) is the 25th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima.
 The album came out a month after a single "Another Name for Life", which was featured as a theme song for TV drama "Seija no Koushin" aired on TBS and became a smash hit on the charts.
Enamtila () is a Sumerian term meaning "house of life" or possibly "house of creation".
 It was a sanctuary dedicated to Enlil, likely to have been located within the Ekur at Nippur during the Akkadian Empire.
 It also referred to various other temples including those to later versions of Enlil; Marduk and Bel as well as one to Ea.
 It was likely another name for Ehursag, a temple dedicated to Shulgi in Ur.
 A hymn to Nanna suggests the link ""To Ehursag, the house of the king (we go), to the Enamtila of prince Shulgi we go!""
 Another reference in the Inanna - Dunmuzi text translated by Samuel Noah Kramer references the king's palace by this name and possibly makes references to the "sacred marriage": ""In the Enamtila, the house of the king, his wife dwelt with him in joy, in the Enamtila, the house of the king, Inanna dwelt with him in joy.
 Inanna, rejoicing in his house ..."".
 A fire is reported to have broken out next to the Enamtila in a Babylonian astronomical diary dated to the third century BC.
 The Enamtila is also referred to as a palace of Ibbi-Sin at Ur in the Lament for Sumer and Ur, ""Its king sat immobilised in his own palace.
 Ibbi-Suen was sitting in anguish in his own palace.
 In E-namtila, his place of delight, he wept bitterly.
 The flood dashing a hoe on the ground was levelling everything.""
The Hanwell Band was a brass band formed in Hanwell in 1891.
 It was first known as the Hanwell Town Band but after success in competition it was renamed the Hanwell Prize Band Another competition win in 1913 in Tottenham expanded the name to the Hanwell Silver Prize Band.
 In 1979, sponsorship by Roneo Vickers resulted in another name change to the Roneo Vickers Band but the company soon folded.
 The final name was then the Hanwell Band but the band did not long survive the loss of sponsorship.
In Irish mythology, Nechtan was the father and/or husband of Boann, eponymous goddess of the River Boyne.
 Elsewhere her husband is named as Elcmar.
 He may be Nuada under another name, or his cult may have been replaced by that of Nuada; others maintain that Nechtan may be another name for the Dagda.
 His inhabited the otherworldly Síd Nechtain, the mythological form of Carbury Hill.
 In the Dindsenchas Nechtan is described as the husband of Boann and the son of Nuadu.
A code name or cryptonym is a word or name used, sometimes clandestinely, to refer to another name, word, project or person.
 Names are often used for military purposes, or in espionage.
 They may also be used in industrial counter-industrial espionage to protect secret projects and the like from business rivals, or to give names to projects whose marketing name has not yet been determined.
 Another reason for the use of names and phrases in the military is that they transmit with a lower level of cumulative errors over a walkie-talkie or radio link than actual names.
George Cann lived with his mother, Daisy, in Island Road, Mitcham in London.
 She had contributed to the purchase price of the home, and so George held the house on trust for himself and her, even though it was solely registered in his name.
 They moved to a smaller house that cost £4000 more in South Lodge Avenue.
 To buy it they used the proceeds of selling the Island Road home and got a mortgage from the Abbey National.
 Daisy knew this was necessary.
 She did not know that George had also taken another mortgage for £25,000.
 Later he could not repay and Abbey National wished to repossess the property.
 Daisy, whose new partner was also living there, argued that she had a right to remain in the home, because her equitable proprietary right arose before Abbey National, and this coupled with her actual occupation gave her an overriding interest under LRA 1925 section 70(1)(g) (now LRA 2002 Sch 3).
 She had started to move in carpets 35 minutes before the charge was completed.
 Abbey National argued that when the house was bought with its loan, her right could not arise before.
Sua Ghin Gnua is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Thailand, formerly known as Siam.
 Another name for the game is Tigers and Oxen.
 It is a hunt game played on a 5x5 square grid with only orthogonal lines.
 One player plays the three tigers, and the other player plays the twelve oxen.
 The board is empty in the beginning.
 Players first drop their pieces onto the board, and then are able to move them.
 The tigers can capture the oxen by the short leap as in draughts and Alquerque, but the oxen attempt to elude and at the same time hem in the tiger.
 Sua Ghin Gnua most resembles the tiger hunt games (or tiger games) such as Bagh-Chal, Rimau-rimau, Main Tapal Empat, Catch the Hare, and Adugo since they all use a 5 x 5 square grid.
 But tiger games technically consist of a standard Alquerque board which is a 5 x 5 square grid with several diagonal lines criss-crossing through it which are completely missing in Sua Ghin Gnua.
 There are however some variants of Catch the Hare which have missing diagonal lines also.
 Another game that resembles Sua Ghin Gnua is from Myanmar called Tiger and Buffaloes which is a hunt game consisting of a 4 x 4 square grid with no diagonal lines.
 Myanmar happens to border Thailand geographically so there might be a historical connection between the two games.
 Another game from Myanmar is Lay Gwet Kyah that is presumed to be similar to Sua Ghin Gnua.
 Sua Ghin Gnua was briefly described by Stewart Culin, in his book "Chess and Playing Cards: Catalogue of Games and Implements for Divination Exhibited by the United States National Museum in Connection with the Department of Archaeology and Paleontology of the University of Pennsylvania at the Cotton States and International Exposition, Atlanta, Georgia 1895" (1898).
 It's also briefly mentioned by H.J.R. Murray in his book "A History of Chess" (1913).
 It was also described by R.C. Bell, in his book "Board and Table Games from Many Civilizations" (1969).
