That Darn Cat is a 1997 American mystery comedy film starring Christina Ricci and Doug E. Doug.
 It is a remake of the 1965 film "That Darn Cat!
", which in turn was based on the book "Undercover Cat" by Gordon and Mildred Gordon.
 It is directed by British TV veteran Bob Spiers (most famous for "Fawlty Towers", as well as "Spice World") and written by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski, best known for "Ed Wood" and the first two "Problem Child" films.
Disney Magicboard Online (迪士尼魔幻飞板) is a racing online game based on Disney classic character series.
 This online game was released only in China on December 10, 2007.
 It was developed by the China game developer Shanda under license of The Walt Disney Company.
The Grasshopper is the name of multiple humorous fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, all created by Dan Slott.
 No Grasshopper to date has survived past the issue in which they first appeared.
 The Grasshoppers are a simultaneous homage to and satire of stereotypical superheroes and Marvel's tendency towards animal-themed characters.
 They are also a lampoon of the tendency of superhero team books to introduce new, hastily developed characters only to dramatically kill them off within a few issues.
 The complicated romantic troubles of the first Grasshopper recall many characters with similar subplots (Spider-Man, for instance), as does the unlikely family background of the second.
Perri is a 1957 film from Walt Disney Productions, based on Felix Salten's 1938 "Perri: The Youth of a Squirrel".
 It was the company's fifth feature entry in their "True-Life Adventures" series, and the only one to be labeled a "True Life Fantasy".
 In doing so, the Disney team combined the documentary aspects of earlier efforts with fictional scenarios and characters.
Live from the TCM Classic Film Festival is a television documentary series broadcast on Turner Classic Movies in the United States.
 Each episode features an in-depth interview with a famous actor concerning his life and career, taped in front of a live audience during the TCM Classic Film Festival and broadcast the following year.
That Darn Cat!
 is a 1965 American Walt Disney Productions thriller comedy film starring Hayley Mills (in her last of the six films she made for the Walt Disney Studios) and Dean Jones (starring in his first film for Disney) in a story about bank robbers, a kidnapping and a mischievous cat.
 The film was based on the 1963 novel "Undercover Cat" by Gordon and Mildred Gordon and was directed by Robert Stevenson.
 The title song was written by the Sherman Brothers and sung by Bobby Darin.
 The 1997 remake includes a cameo appearance by Dean Jones.
Jacques Tourneur (] ; November 12, 1904 – December 19, 1977) was a French film director known for the classic film noir "Out of the Past" and a series of low-budget horror films he made for RKO Studios, including "Cat People", "I Walked with a Zombie" and "The Leopard Man".
 He is also known for directing "Night of the Demon", that was released by Columbia Pictures.
"Angry Again" is a 1993 heavy metal song by Megadeth, written by frontman Dave Mustaine.
 The song was written exclusively for inclusion in the 1993 satirical action film "Last Action Hero", directed by John McTiernan which starred Arnold Schwarzenegger, and appeared on the film's soundtrack.
 "Angry Again" never appeared on any of the band's official studio albums, but appeared first on their 1995 EP "Hidden Treasures" and several later compilations.
Dean Carroll Jones (January 25, 1931 – September 1, 2015) was an American actor best known for his roles as Agent Zeke Kelso in "That Darn Cat!
" (1965), Jim Douglas in "The Love Bug" (1968), Albert Dooley in "The Million Dollar Duck" (1971; for which he received a Golden Globe nomination) and Dr. Herman Varnick in "Beethoven" (1992).
Stevie and Zoya is an animated series that appeared first on MTV in the late 1980s.
 The one-minute shorts were produced by Joe Horne, who later worked for Disney and on "Class of 3000".
 Horne later produced two new series in flash animation for the Internet in 2004, and again in 2010, the latter series appearing on Horne's YouTube channel.
