Madame Sin is a 1972 British thriller film directed by David Greene and starring Bette Davis, Robert Wagner, Denholm Elliott and Gordon Jackson.
 The screenplay was written by Greene and Barry Oringer.
Godspell (also known as "Godspell: A Musical Based on the Gospel According to St. Matthew") is the 1973 musical film of the Off-Broadway musical "Godspell" created by John-Michael Tebelak with music and lyrics by Stephen Schwartz.
 Directed by David Greene with stars Victor Garber as Jesus and David Haskell as Judas/John the Baptist, the film is set in contemporary New York City.
 John-Michael Tebelak is credited as co-writer of the screenplay and served as the creative consultant, although director David Greene said Tebelak did not write the screenplay.
The People Next Door is a 1970 film directed by David Greene and starring Eli Wallach and Julie Harris.
 JP Miller adapted the screenplay from his 1968 "CBS Playhouse" teleplay.
The Dark Light is a 1951 British thriller film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring  Albert Lieven, David Greene, Norman Macowan.
 It was filmed at a rented country estate in Gilston and on location around Portsmouth.
Merrell Jackson (April 26, 1952 – February 23, 1991) was an actor who played one of the apostles in the film "Godspell" (1973).
 He sang "All Good Gifts".
Black and Greene Records is an independent record label that was founded in 2004 by David Greene and Jeremy Black (Apollo Sunshine).
 Black & Greene Records is located, run and operated out of Los Angeles, California and San Francisco.
 The label works exclusively with Coyote Hearing Studios co-run by Jeremy Black.
 The label's bands have been showcased on HBO's Eastbound & Down and 90210 as well as various other television, film and commercial projects.
 In 2010, the label has begun recording the 3rd Drug Rug album as well as adding additional acts to its roster.
Willing to Kill: The Texas Cheerleader Story is a 1992 American television film directed by David Greene.
 It stars Lesley Ann Warren and Tess Harper.
 It was nominated for a Young Artist Award in 1993.
Hard Country is a 1981 American drama film directed by David Greene and starring Jan-Michael Vincent, Kim Basinger, and Michael Parks.
 Written by Michael Kane and Michael Martin Murphey, the film is about a young woman who longs to escape the limitations of life in a small Texas town to pursue her dreams.
 She is prevented from leaving by her factory worker boyfriend who does not want her to move to the big city.
 The film features appearances by country music artists Tanya Tucker and Michael Martin Murphey.
The Shuttered Room is a 1967 British horror film directed by David Greene and starring Gig Young and Carol Lynley as a couple who move into a house with dark secrets.
 It is based on a short story of the same name by August Derleth and H. P. Lovecraft.
 The film has also been re-released under the title "Blood Island".
What Ever Happened to... is a 1991 American made-for-television thriller drama film directed by David Greene and adapted for the small screen by Brian Taggert, based on the novel "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?
" by Henry Farrell and the 1962 theatrical film of the same name.
 It stars real-life sisters Lynn Redgrave as Baby Jane Hudson and Vanessa Redgrave as Blanche Hudson, in the roles previously played by Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in the 1962 adaptation.
