The Rise Up Tour is a concert tour co-headlined by American metalcore band The Devil Wears Prada and American metalcore band Memphis May Fire.
 The tour supports The Devil Wears Prada's Sixth studio album, "Transit Blues" and Memphis May Fire's fifth studio album, "This Light I Hold".
 The second leg in Europe added Canadian post-hardcore band Silverstein as a third headliner supporting their eighth studio album "I Am Alive in Everything I Touch.
Sleepwalking is the debut full-length studio album by American metalcore band Memphis May Fire.
 The album was released through Trustkill Records on July 21, 2009.
 This album is the first album to feature lead vocalist Matty Mullins after former lead vocalist Chase Ryan left the band in 2008.
 Scheduled to be released summer 2008, the release got delayed because of the line-up change.
 Mullins has described the album as "a new breed of rock 'n' roll" and musically it has "more aggressive guitar work and noticeably more melodic, but still retains that southern swagger."
Of Mice & Men (often abbreviated OM&M) is an American metalcore band from Orange County, California.
 The band's lineup currently consists of lead vocalist and bassist Aaron Pauley, lead guitarist Phil Manansala, rhythm guitarist Alan Ashby, and drummer Valentino Arteaga.
 The group was founded by Austin Carlile and Jaxin Hall in mid-2009 after Carlile's departure from Attack Attack!
.
 Since 2009, the band has released four studio albums.
 Carlile departed from the band in December 2016 citing that a long term health condition prompted his exit.
 After Carlile's departure the band continue to pursue creating music with Pauley taking on both bassist and lead vocalist duties.
Dead Throne is the fourth studio album by American metalcore band The Devil Wears Prada.
 It was released on September 13, 2011 through Ferret Music.
 Produced by Adam Dutkiewicz, the record was recorded in several studios across the United States from November 2010 – April 2011.
 The album is a follow up to The Devil Wears Prada's 2009 album, "With Roots Above and Branches Below".
 Much like their previous efforts the album's lyrics were penned by lead vocalist Mike Hranica, whose lyrical direction focused on anti-idolatry concepts.
 The band's musical style changed after the success of the "Zombie EP", this led to, what Hranica described as; fusing the melodic elements of their previous studio albums with the ferocity of "Zombie".
Sky Eats Airplane is the second album by American metalcore band Sky Eats Airplane.
 The album was recorded in early 2008 with producer Brian McTernan and was released on July 22.
 The album contains 11 tracks, 8 of which are new and 3 of which that are re-recorded versions of previously released demos.
 The album is the band's first album as a 5 piece and without former vocalist/programmer Brack Cantrell.
 It is also the first and last album with vocalist Jerry Roush.
 Prior to the album's release a video for the first single "Numbers" was made and was released on March 27, 2009.
St Valentines Massacre is an American metalcore band from Tampa, Florida, formed in 2005.
 The band members are: Tony Rodriguez the lead vocalist, guitarist/vocalist Paul Zakar, bassist Alan Olshefski, lead guitarist Tyler Jordan, and percussionist Andre Canale.
 Since their formation, SVM has issued three indie EP releases: "Of Heroes and Gods", "Beneath Crimson Skies", and "The Eulogy Sessions".
 In January 2007, they won the Rock Solid Pressure industry showcase, as well as placing at Emergenza and other events.
 St Valentines Massacre played the Ernie Ball stage as part of the 2007 Warped Tour, as well as their national tour in 2009.
Bless the Martyr and Kiss the Child is the debut album by American metalcore band Norma Jean, released on August 13, 2002 by Solid State Records.
 This album was the band's only one to feature bassist Joshua Doolittle and vocalist Josh Scogin, the latter of which later became the lead vocalist of The Chariot.
"Slave to Nothing" is a song by American metalcore band Fit for a King.
 It's the second single from the album Slave to Nothing.
 The song has a music video and features Mattie Montgomery, vocalist for metalcore band For Today.
Glass Cloud was an American metalcore band from Hampton, Virginia formed by Jerry Roush, Joshua Travis, Travis Sykes, and Chad Hasty in late 2011.
 The band released their debut album, "The Royal Thousand" on July 10, 2012 via Equal Vision Records in the United States and Basick Records in the United Kingdom.
 Lead vocalist Roush was formerly the vocalist of Sky Eats Airplane and Of Mice & Men, while Joshua Travis was the guitarist for The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza until 2012. "
Perfect War Forever" EP, and was released October 22, 2013 via Equal Vision Records.
The discography of American metalcore band As I Lay Dying consists of 6 studio albums, 2 compilation albums, 1 video album, 11 singles and 15 corresponding music videos as well as 1 split album with fellow metalcore band American Tragedy called "As I Lay Dying/American Tragedy".
