The F. G. Williams House is a historic house at 37 Albion Street in Somerville, Massachusetts.
 The 20 room, 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1855 for Frank G. Williams, a dealer in kitchen furnishings, and is one of the city's best examples of a center-gable Italianate house.
 Details include the trefoil window in the center gable, round-arch windows in the side gable ends, as well as carved brackets under the deep gables and an ornate porch and window enframement.
 Purchased in 1951 by John and Genevieve Daly, they completely restored the exterior, including new roof and gutters in 2015.
Den Brother is a 2010 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Hutch Dano and G. Hannelius.
 The film premiered on August 13, 2010 on Disney Channel.
Leo Little's Big Show is a Disney Channel short television series featuring a boy named Leo Little (Leo Howard) and his sister, Amy Little (G. Hannelius), who host a show from their family room about Disney stars, movies and programs, in a manner very similar to its predecessor, "Mike's Super Short Show".
 It began airing on February 26, 2009, replacing "Disney's Really Short Report".
"Dog with a Blog" is an American television sitcom that first aired on Disney Channel from October 12, 2012 to September 25, 2015.
 It stars G Hannelius, Blake Michael, Francesca Capaldi, Stephen Full, Regan Burns, and Beth Littleford.
 The series was co-created by Michael B. Kaplan, who also co-created Disney XD's "I'm in the Band", in which Hannelius, Full, Burns, and Littleford have all previously starred or appeared.
Lark Voorhies (born Lark Holloway; March 25, 1974) is an American actress, singer, spokeswoman and model.
 Voorhies rose to fame playing Lisa Marie Turtle on the Disney sitcom "Good Morning, Miss Bliss" (1988–1989) which was later followed by the NBC sitcom "Saved by the Bell" (1989–1993).
 Voorhies was nominated for the Young Artist Award six times, winning in 1990 and 1993 for her work on the show.
Dog with a Blog is an American television sitcom that premiered on Disney Channel on October 12, 2012, and ended on September 25, 2015.
 The series stars G Hannelius, Blake Michael, Francesca Capaldi, Stephen Full, Regan Burns, and Beth Littleford.
 The series was co-created by Michael B. Kaplan.
The Jennings River is a river in far northern British Columbia, Canada, rising in the northern reaches of the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains, at first running southwest, then turning northeast near the Tuya Range to enter Teslin Lake at its southern end, just to the east of the estuary of the Teslin River; also joining the lake in the same area is the Hayes River.
 The lower reaches of the Jennings form the boundary of the Nisutlin Plateau, which extends north into the Yukon along the eastern flank of Teslin Lake and to the west of the northernmost reaches of the Stikine Ranges; Simpson Peak is one of the few named summits in that region of the Stikines, and stands above the lower Jennings to the east of its estuary.
 To the south of the Jennings, west of the Tuya Range, is the Kawdy Plateau, which includes the small but rugged Atsutla Range, and southwest of which is the course of the Teslin River, which traverses the Kawdy, a subset of the Stikine Plateau, from south to north.
Genevieve Knight "G" Hannelius (born December 22, 1998) is an American actress and singer.
 She starred as Avery Jennings in the Disney Channel sitcom "Dog with a Blog".
 Prior to this, she had recurring roles in the Disney Channel series "Sonny with a Chance" and "Good Luck Charlie".
 She has also starred in "Leo Little's Big Show" and has done voice work as Rosebud in the "Air Buddies" films.
 She also guest starred in Disney Channel's series "Jessie".
Brooks "Bubba" Jennings (born 1960s) is an American basketball coach and former player.
 He is best known for his collegiate playing career when he suited up for Texas Tech University between 1980 and 1985.
 During his time as a Red Raider, Jennings recorded 1,727 points, 378 assists and 149 steals.
 As a senior in 1984–85 he was honored with the Frances Pomeroy Naismith Award, a national award given to the best college men's basketball player who is 6'0" or shorter.
 At the end of the 2012–13 season, after having served as an assistant coach at his "alma mater", Jennings was fired as part of a wholesale change in direction of the men's basketball department at Texas Tech.
Oye Jassie was an Indian television series, on Disney Channel India, that premiered on 13 October 2013.
 It is an Indian adaptation of the American Disney sitcom "Jessie".
 It premiered with the episode "New Mumbai, New Nanny".
