The Samarkand clan (alternatively Samarqand) is an Uzbek clan led by Ismoil Jurabekov.
 The clan is one of two major clans in Uzbekistan; the other, its main rival, is the Tashkent clan.
 To a lesser extent, the Ferghana clan is also a rival.
 Former Uzbek President Islam Karimov and current President Shavkat Mirziyoyev come from the Samarkand clan.
The Cuban Marimba Band (previously known as La Paloma) was an influential Tanzanian big band from the city of Morogoro.
 It was founded in 1948 by Salim Abdullah, who had previously created another band called Morogoro Jazz Band (which, somewhat ironically, later became Cuban Marimba's main rival).
Salum Abdallah was a prolific songwriter and musician.
 He was a "chotara" i.e. a person of mixed races.
 His band's name speaks volumes on the influence of Cuban music in the 40s and 50s in East Africa.
 He played guitar and mandolin.
 The main themes of his music were, the joy and pain of love, life wisdom, the good and evil of man kind and even politics.
 For about twenty years, until Abdullah's sudden death in a car accident in 1965, Cuban Marimba was one of the most popular muziki wa dansi (dance music) bands in Tanzania.
 One of his popular tunes is Mkono wa Idd, which is usually played in the radio during Idd festivities.
 Just before his death, he released a twist tune, a departure from his suave rumba style," Hapo zamani sana" about the horrible colonial days in South Africa.
 Then in another, he paid tribute to Tanzanian women, "Wanawake wa Tanzania wazuri sana."
 Abdullah was replaced by Juma Kilaza, but the band declined.
Charles Dean O'Banion (July 8, 1892 – November 10, 1924) was an American mobster who was the main rival of Johnny Torrio and Al Capone during the brutal Chicago bootlegging wars of the 1920s.
 The newspapers of his day made him better known as Dion O'Banion, although he never went by that first name.
 He led the North Side Gang until 1924, when he was murdered, reportedly by Frankie Yale, John Scalise and Albert Anselmi.
Hits is a compilation album series that ran in the United Kingdom for over twenty years from 1984 until 2006.
 It was compiled as a joint venture, variously between the compilation arms of the Sony BMG and Warner Music groups to rival the "Now That's What I Call Music" series that had launched a year earlier in 1983, compiled by rival companies EMI and Virgin.
 Initially, the "Hits" brand was arguably as popular as its main rival, with volume one through to volume eight all achieving at least a platinum BPI award, with several of the early albums going multi-platinum.
 The standard release rate of "The Hits Album" was two volumes per year compared with three volumes of the "Now" albums.
Gold (stylised as GOLD) is a British classic comedy channel from the UKTV network, broadcasting to the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 It launched on 1 November 1992 as UK Gold, before, in 2008, it was split into current flagship channel Gold and miscellaneous channel, Watch, with comedy based programming now airing on Gold, non-crime drama and entertainment programming airing on Watch, and quiz shows and more high-brow comedy airing on Dave.
 The channel is currently available as subscription-only on Sky, Virgin Media, TalkTalk TV, BT TV, and TVPlayer (When subscribed to TVPlayer Plus).
 It shows repeats of classic programming from the BBC and other broadcasters.
 The channel's main rival is the ITV plc owned ITV3, which mainly airs the archive ITV programmes, and has a higher audience share than Gold.
 Another rival is More4 which also has a higher audience share than Gold.
 This is because they are free-to-air channels whereas Gold is a pay TV channel.
 On 1st December 2015 - 4th January 2016, Gold was temporarily rebranded as Christmas Gold.
 This was repeated again from 12 November 2016 to 4 January 2017.
Vincent Drucci, also known as "The Schemer" (born Vincenzo D'Ambrosio; 1898 – April 4, 1927), was an Sicilian-American mobster during Chicago's Prohibition era who was a member of the North Side Gang, Al Capone's best known rivals.
 A friend of Dean O'Banion, Drucci succeeded him by becoming co-leader.
 He is the only US organized crime boss to have been killed by a policeman.
"I Seen a Man Die", also known as "I Never Seen a Man Cry", is the second single released from Scarface's third album, "The Diary".
 Produced by N.O. Joe, Mike Dean and Scarface himself, "I Seen a Man Die" became a top 40 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100, the first of two that Scarface had in his career.
 It peaked at 37 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The song is a tale of a young male released from prison after seven years looking for a better life only to get caught up on the crime side again and robbed by his enemies only to die in the hospital while feeling regrets.
 The song also has a music video released which mirrors Scarface's lyrics.
Scarface (also known as Scarface: The Shame of the Nation and The Shame of a Nation) is a 1932 American pre-Code gangster film starring Paul Muni as Antonio "Tony" Camonte.
 It was produced by Howard Hughes and Howard Hawks and directed by Hawks.
 The story is based on Armitage Trail's 1929 novel of the same name, which is loosely based on the rise and fall of Al Capone.
 The film features Ann Dvorak as Camonte's sister, and also stars Karen Morley, Osgood Perkins, and Boris Karloff.
 The plot centers on gang warfare and police intervention when rival gangs fight over control of Chicago.
 A version of the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre is also depicted.
A rivalry is the opposition between two competing parties (rivals).
 Someone's main rival is called an archrival.
 The words rivalry, rival and arch rival may also refer to:
Angelo "Bloody Angelo" Genna (February 3, 1898 – May 26, 1925) was a Chicago bootlegger and organized crime leader during the Prohibition era.
 The leader of his own Sicilian crime family, he was best known for his war with the North Side Gang leader, Charles Dean O'Banion.
 Genna masterminded the assassination of O'Banion in November 1924.
