The Elkhead Mountains are a mountain range in Colorado.
 The mountain range is considered to be low altitude within Colorado as the mountains are under 11000 ft .
 Located within Routt and Moffat counties, the mountain range is far from metropolitan areas and has few lakes and streams, so it attracts few visitors.
 The mountain range is a volcanic range and all of the peaks were formed by volcanic action.
 The mountain range extends approximately 16 mi east to west and 10 mi north to south, and its center is located at , approximately 20 mi northeast of Craig and north of Hayden, Colorado 13 mi south of the Wyoming border.
 Almost all of the peaks within the Elkhead Mountains are a part of Routt National Forest.
 Significant peaks are: Bears Ears, Sugar Loaf, Saddle Mountain, Black Mountain, Pilot Knob, and Meaden Peak.
Yutmaru Sar is a mountain in the Hispar mountain range, a subrange of the Karakoram.
 At an elevation of 7283 m it is the 88th highest mountain in the world.
 Yutmaru Sar is located in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
 It was first climbed in 1980.
Kanjut Sar (Urdu: کنجت سر‎ ) or Kunjudh Sar as pronounced in "Wakhi" is a mountain located in the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range.
 Kunjudh Sar in wakhi language mean that which overlooks Kunjudh, or above Kunjudh, while Khujudh is the wakhi name for Lower Hunza.
 It is the 26th highest mountain on Earth and the 11th highest in Pakistan.
Mingli Sar is a mountain located in the Shimshal valley in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
 The mountain, located in the Karakoram mountain range, is 6050 meters high and located at the southernmost part of the Pamir mountain range.
 It was first climbed in 1988 by the famous Pakistani climber Nazir Sabir.
 Shimshal lake sits at the base of the mountain.
 China is located to the north, while to the left is the Hindukush mountain range.
 K2 is located on the south eastern side of the valley.
Rimo I is the main summit of the Rimo massif with an elevation of 7385 m .
 It lies in the northern part of the remote Rimo Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range.
 It is located about 20 km northeast of the snout of the Siachen Glacier and is the world's 71st highest mountain.
 "Rimo" means "striped mountain".
 The Rimo Glacier, originating here, drains to the Shyok river.
Crocker Range (Malay: "Banjaran Crocker" ) is a mountain range in Sabah, Malaysia.
 It is named after William Maunder Crocker.
 The mountain range separates the east coast and west coast of Sabah.
 At an average height of 1800 m , it is the highest mountain range in Sabah.
 Mount Kinabalu, one of the highest mountains in Southeast Asia, is part of this range.
 Part of the range has been gazetted for protection as Crocker Range Park since 1984.
 The area surrounding Mount Kinabalu has been a state park since 1964 and was the country's first World Heritage Site.
The Krucze Mountains (Czech: "Vraní hory" , German: "Rabengebirge" Polish: "Góry Krucze" ) are the Eastern part of the Stone Mountains, which belong to the Central Sudetes on the border of the Czech Republic and Poland.
 To the West and North-Western part the mountain range borders the Lubawska Plateau and the Karkonosze Mountains, to the North-Eastern part they border the mountain range Czarny Las, from the East they border the sediment basin Kotlina Krzeszowska and the Zawory mountain range and to the South the mountain range borders the Czech part of the Stołowe Mountains.
 To the Southern ridge of mountain range is the Polish-Czech border.
 The border crossing for cars is in Lubawka and for tourists is in Okrzeszyn.
The Bashagard Mountains or the Bashagerd Mountains (also known as Bashagird or Bashakerd) is a mountain range that is located in southeast of Iran.
 The mountain range runs in an arc almost in a northwest-southeast direction from eastern parts of Hormozgan Province along the border with Kerman Province and stretching into southern part of Sistan and Baluchestan Province.
 With an elevation of 2185 metres, Mount Buniken (Kuh-e Buniken) is the highest point of the range located in the western section of the Bashagard Mountains, east of Sardasht in Bashagard County in Hormozgan Province, and in the vicinity of a place that marks the borders of Kerman, Hormozgan, and Sistan and Baluchestan provinces.
 Made of ophiolite, an assemblage of mafic igneous rocks representing remnants of former oceanic crust, the mountain range was formed finally in the Miocene and the Pliocene during the Alpine orogeny.
 The mountain range is located in a region with a hot semi-desert climate.
Passu Sar (Urdu: ‎ ; or Passu Sar, Passu I) is a mountain peak in the Batura Muztagh, a sub-range of the Karakoram mountain range, located in the Gilgit District of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, west of the Hunza Valley.
 It is the high point of the Passu massif, which also includes Passu Diar (or "Passu East", "Pasu II").
 The peak lies on the main ridge of the Batura Muztagh, about 7 km (4 mi) east of Batura Sar.
Disteghil Sar or Distaghil Sar (Urdu: ‎ ) is the highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range, in Gilgit-Baltistan.
 It is the 19th highest mountain on earth and the 7th highest peak in Pakistan.
 Destghil sar is a Wakhi language word, that means "above the inner ranch."
 The mountain has an about 3 km long top ridge above 7400m with three distinct summits: (north)west 7885m, central 7760 m, and (south)east 7696m or 7535m ().
