Honda Mobilio (Japanese: ホンダモビリオ , Honda Mobirio ) is a seven-seater mini MPV produced by Japanese automaker Honda.
 The first generation Mobilio produced from 2001 to 2008, was the second in Honda's Small Max series and also took Honda's Global Small Platform and their i-DSI engine.
 In May 2008, Honda Freed was introduced, replacing the Mobilio.
 The second generation Mobilio was introduced in Indonesia in early 2014, then into the Indian market in July 2014.
 The Mobilio was also introduced into the South African market in October 2014.
The Honda B20A engine series, known as the B20A and B21A was an inline four-cylinder engine family from Honda introduced in 1985 in the second-generation Honda Prelude.
 Also available in the contemporary third-generation Honda Accord in the Japanese domestic market, along with the Accord-derived Vigor, the B20A was Honda's first line of multivalve DOHC inline four-cylinder engines, focused towards performance and displacing 2.0 to 2.1 litres.
The Honda K series engine is a four-cylinder four-stroke engine introduced in 2001.
 The K series engines are equipped with DOHC valvetrains and use roller rockers to reduce friction.
 The engines use a coil-on-plug, distributorless ignition system with a coil for each spark plug.
 This system forgoes the use of a conventional distributor-based ignition timing system in favor of a computer-controlled system that allows the ECU to control ignition timings based on various sensor inputs.
 The cylinders have cast iron sleeves similar to the B-series & F-series engines, as opposed to the FRM cylinders found in the H-series and newer F series engines found only in the Honda S2000.
The B-series are a family of inline four-cylinder DOHC/SOHC automotive engines introduced by Honda in 1989.
 Sold concurrently with the D-series which were primarily SOHC engines designed for more economical applications, the B-series were aimed more as a performance option featuring dual and single-overhead cams along with the first application of Honda's VTEC system (available in some models).
 To identify a Honda B-series engine, the letter B is normally followed by two numbers to designate the displacement of the engine, another letter, and in US-spec engines, another number.
 The Japanese spec-engines are normally designated with a four character alphanumeric designation.
 The B-series, the B20B variant in particular, is not to be confused with the earlier Honda B20A engine introduced in 1985 and primarily available in the Prelude and Accord-derived vehicles from 1985-1991.
 While sharing some design elements and both being multivalve Honda four-cylinders, the B-series and B20A differ substantially in architecture, enough to be considered distinct engine families.
The Honda Capa, with the Honda series code GA4 and GA6, is a supermini MPV five-door hatchback produced by Honda between 1998 and 2002.
 It was introduced at the 1997 Tokyo Motor Show as the concept car "J-MW."
 It was introduced for retail sale April 24, 1998.
 The only engine the Capa had was the 98 hp 1.5L Honda engine, the D15B, with either a 4-speed automatic transmission (front-wheel drive only) or a CVT called "Multimatic S".
 September 16, 1999 a 4WD version of the Capa was released, using Honda's Full-Time four-wheel-drive system.
 Brake Assist was offered as standard equipment.
 Due to disappointing sales the Capa, short for "capacity", it was discontinued and replaced by the Honda Mobilio and Honda Fit.
 It was sold in Japan at two Honda dealership sales channels "Honda Primo", and "Honda Verno".
The Honda H engine was Honda's Larger high-performance engine family from the 1990s and early 2000s.
 It is largely derived from the Honda F engine with which it shares many design features.
 Like Honda's other 4-cylinder families of the 80s and 90s, It has also enjoyed some success as a racing engine, forming the basis of Honda's Touring car racing engines for many years, and being installed in lightweight chassis (such as the Honda CRX) for use in drag racing.
 The F20B is technically coded as part of the F-series family of engines; it is basically a destroked version of the H22A.
 It was developed by Honda to be able to enter into the 2-liter class of international racing.
Introduced in 1998, The Honda CLR125 CityFly was launched as a dual purpose motorcycle and is powered by a SOHC single-cylinder engine.
 The Honda CLR does not have the same engine as the Honda CG125, but the engine from the Honda XLR offroad motorcycle.
 The Honda CLR 125 "CityFly" was discontinued in 2003.
 Although the Honda CLR125 CityFly was launched as a dual purpose motorcycle it was better known for city use and town use, this was mainly due to the lack of power of the engine.
The Honda Rafaga series CE4 and CE5 was a compact 4-door sedan sold only in Japan by Honda, introduced in January 1993, and used the same 5-cylinder engine that was used in the Honda Inspire and the Honda Vigor and shared a platform with the second generation CE series Honda Ascot.
 "Rafaga" is Spanish for "gust" or "blustery".
 The engine is installed longitudinally, the same configuration used in the Vigor and Inspire.
 The Rafaga was third in Hondas hierarchy of sedans, and a sister car to the Ascot, which was sold at the "Honda Primo" dealership network.
 The Rafaga was sold in Japan at "Honda Verno" dealerships, and was one level up from the Honda Integra.
 As with other Honda products, the Rafaga used double wishbone suspension at the front and rear wheels.
 The "2.5 S" trim level came with a front suspension upper strut brace in the engine compartment.
 In Japan, the smaller G20A engine used regular grade fuel, while the larger G25A engine used premium grade fuel.
CVCC is a trademark by the Honda Motor Company for an engine with reduced automotive emissions, which stood for "Compound Vortex Controlled Combustion".
 The first mention of Honda developed CVCC technology was done by Mr. Soichiro Honda February 12, 1971, at the Federation of Economic Organizations Hall in Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo.
 Honda's engineers at the time, Mr. Date conferred with Mr. Yagi and Mr. Nakagawa about the possibility of creating lean combustion via a prechamber, which some diesel engines utilized.
 The first engine to be installed with the CVCC approach for testing was the single-cylinder, 300 cc Honda EA engine used in the Honda N600 hatchback in January 1970.
 This technology allowed Honda's cars to meet Japanese and United States emission standards in the 1970s without a catalytic converter.
 A type of stratified charge engine, it first appeared on the 1975 "ED1" engine.
 As emission laws advanced and required more stringent admissible levels, Honda abandoned the CVCC method and introduced PGM-FI, or Programmed Fuel Injection on all Honda vehicles.
 Some vehicles in Japan had a combination of electronically controlled carburetors, called PGM-Carb on specific, transitional Honda D, E and ZC engines.
The Toyota E engine family is a straight-4 piston engine series, and uses timing belt rather than a chain.
 The E engines were the first multi-valve engines from Toyota designed with economy, practicality and everyday use in mind (rather than performance).
 Like many other Toyota engines from the era, the E engine series features a cast iron block, along with an aluminum cylinder head.
 E engines are lighter compared to earlier Toyota engines, due the hollow crankshaft, thinned casting of the cylinder block, and several other reductions in auxiliaries as well as in the engine itself.
 Carbureted versions include a newly designed, variable-venturi carburetor.
 All of these changes improved economy and emissions.
 The members of the E engine family, range from 1.0 L to 1.5 L.
 The E family supplanted the "K" engines in most applications.
 A large number of parts in the E engine series are interchangeable between each other.
