The Circus Man is a 1914 silent film produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 It was directed by Oscar Apfel and written by Cecil B. DeMille from a story based on the novel "The Rose in the Ring" by George Barr McCutcheon.
 It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
Nord-Ost (Russian: Норд-Ост , means "North-East" in German) is a Russian musical theatre production that was composed by Aleksei Ivaschenko and Georgii Vasilyev, based on the novel "The Two Captains" by Veniamin Kaverin.
 It is a fictional story based around the historical events surrounding the discovery of the Severnaya Zemlya archipelago in 1913.
 The musical was first staged on October 19, 2001 in the Dubrovka theatre where it played over 400 performances.
Yasuda Dai Circus (安田大サーカス , Yasuda Dai Sākasu ) is a Japanese comedy trio, consisting of Danchō (団長 , or sometimes Danchō Yasuda (安田団長 , Yasuda Danchō ) ) , HIRO, and Kuro-chan (クロちゃん ) .
 The three are much less about traditional skit or story based stand-up humor (which is common in Japanese comedy), choosing instead to focus on physical humor and a loud, boisterous style that resonates with most manzai audiences.
 They formed in 2001, and received their name from owarai "kombi" Masuda Okada's Kisuke Masuda in parody of the famous "Kinoshita Dai Circus".
 The group's name simply means "Great Yasuda Circus".
The buttered cat paradox is a common joke based on the tongue-in-cheek combination of two adages:
"Knock", written by Fredric Brown, is a science fiction short story that starts with a short-short story based on the following text of Thomas Bailey Aldrich:
The Ruins of Cawdor was the last of three graphical MUDs for the online community The Sierra Network, which later became The ImagiNation Network.
 It was designed by Richard Aronson (author of the widely reprinted RPG humor story Eric and the Dread Gazebo), and based loosely on Macbeth.
Battlefield Detectives is a forensic documentary television series that aired on the History Channel from 2003 to 2006.
 The series explores famous battles focusing on the battlefield itself, and tell its story based on recent scientific research.
 It uses modern science to examine how the battles were won or lost.
John Frazee (born 1949) is an artist from New York City, New York.
 Frazee's work as a painter and sculptor is displayed around the world.
 He is also known for a science humor story he wrote in OMNI magazine, the Buttered cat paradox.
"Two Against Tyre" is a story based on an unpublished story featuring Eithriall the Gaul, one of the lesser-known characters created by Robert E. Howard.
 The story celebrated the pageantry of medieval knighthood, the exoticism of the Orient, the ferocity of the invaders from the steppes, the mysteries of the seraglio and the rise and fall of great dynasties.
 It was adapted by Marvel Comics into the Conan The Barbarian comics episode Two Against Turan, with major changes in the story line.
Mind Fields is a book featuring paintings by Polish painter Jacek Yerka combined with short stories and prose poems by American writer Harlan Ellison.
 The 34 paintings by Yerka were created first.
 Ellison then wrote a short story based on a single painting.
 The exception was "Under the Landscape" which was based on two separate paintings.
