Criticism of Coca-Cola dates back to its first ever product, invented by Doctor John Stith-Pemberton in 1886.
 The Coca-Cola Company is one of the most renowned beverage companies in the world.
 It owns the majority of the soft drink market around the world, distributing roughly 160 different products.
 According to "Forbes Magazine", Coca-Cola is one of the world's most innovative companies with a net worth of 192.8 billion.
 Since the early 2000s, the criticisms over the use of Coca-Cola products as well as the company itself, escalated with concerns over health effects, environmental issues, animal testing, economic business practices and employee issues.
 The Coca-Cola Company has been faced with multiple lawsuits concerning the various criticisms.
Citra was a grapefruit-flavored soft drink released into the U.S. market in 1996 by The Coca-Cola Company around the same time as Surge, another citrus-flavored soft drink marketed by Coca-Cola (although Surge contained caffeine while Citra was caffeine-free).
 Citra had a very similar flavor to Fresca, especially the version of Fresca sold in Latin America, which is sweetened with sucrose (table sugar) rather than aspartame as in the American version of Fresca.
 It also had a flavor similar flavor to Squirt, except that Squirt contains a trace of orange or tangerine flavoring.
 Citra also had a very similar flavor to that of Canfield's 50/50.
Coca-Cola, or Coke, is a carbonated soft drink produced by The Coca-Cola Company.
 Originally intended as a patent medicine, it was invented in the late 19th century by John Pemberton and was bought out by businessman Asa Griggs Candler, whose marketing tactics led Coca-Cola to its dominance of the world soft-drink market throughout the 20th century.
 The drink's name refers to two of its original ingredients, which were kola nuts (a source of caffeine) and coca leaves.
 The current formula of Coca-Cola remains a trade secret, although a variety of reported recipes and experimental recreations have been published.
Fanta Kola Inglesa is a Peruvian soft drink.
 It is red in color and cherry-strawberry flavor.
 Introduced in 1912, Kola Inglesa currently comes in several sizes including a 3-liter bottle and a 500ml bottle.
 The drink is popular across Peru as in some Latin American markets in the United States.
 The brand was first owned by Manuel A. Ventura, who created the drink for the Peruvian market.
 In 1971 the recipe was sold to Mr. Enrique Heredia Alarcón (Pepsi's bottler in Peru at the time).
 It was during this time that the drink became highly popular among Peruvians.
 In 1997, following CEPSA's bankruptcy, the brand was sold to The Coca-Cola Company along with Agua San Luis.
 In 2013 the name changed to Fanta Kola Inglesa.
Red Flash is a soft drink sold by The Coca-Cola Company in the Southwestern United States.
 It is designed to compete against Big Red brand soft drink that is found in the same market.
 It was introduced in 2000.
Sprite is a colorless, caffeine-free, lemon and lime-flavoured soft drink created by The Coca-Cola Company.
 It was first developed in West Germany in 1959 as Fanta Klare Zitrone (“Clear Lemon Fanta”) and was introduced in the United States under the current brand name Sprite in 1961 as a competitor to 7 Up.
 Bottles of Sprite are usually a transparent green colour with a green and yellow label whereas cans are coloured silver, green, blue and aluminum bottles are coloured a solid lime green.
 Though often confused with Lemonade, Sprite stands in separate class of carbonated soft drink.
The Coca-Cola Company, which is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, but incorporated in Wilmington, Delaware, is an American multinational beverage corporation, and manufacturer, retailer, and marketer of nonalcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups.
 The company is best known for its flagship product Coca-Cola, invented in 1886 by pharmacist John Stith Pemberton in Columbus, Georgia.
 The Coca-Cola formula and brand were bought in 1889 by Asa Griggs Candler (December 30, 1851 – March 12, 1929), who incorporated The Coca-Cola Company in 1892.
 The company has operated a franchised distribution system since 1889, wherein The Coca-Cola Company only produces syrup concentrate, which is then sold to various bottlers throughout the world who hold exclusive territories.
 The Coca-Cola Company owns its anchor bottler in North America, Coca-Cola Refreshments.
Coca-Cola with Lemon is a soft drink brand owned by The Coca-Cola Company, launched to compete with Pepsi Twist.
 It is produced and distributed by The Coca-Cola Company's bottlers.
 Diet Coke with Lemon was introduced in the United States in 2001 and is still available as a semi-sugar free version in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines.
Oasis is a non-carbonated bottled soft drink, a product of Orangina Schweppes.
 In the UK it is manufactured by the Coca-Cola Enterprises in conjunction with Coca-Cola Company subsidiary Atlantic Industries and in the Republic of Ireland it is distributed by Coca-Cola HBC Ireland.
 It originated in France by Volvic in 1966 and initially distributed under the name 'Pulse', until flagging sales led to a rebrand and its current name 'Oasis' being introduced.
 The drink is described as a "fruit juice drink - with sugar and sweeteners".
Guaraná Jesus is a Brazilian soft drink produced by Eduardo Lago, a Coca-Cola bottler based in São Luís.
 The drink is popular within the region, reportedly outselling Coca-Cola, and is made from extracts of the guarana plant, which contains caffeine (sometimes called "guaranine"), theophylline, and theobromine.
 Lago has noted that "Every Brazilian knows that guarana is a stimulant and that means it stimulates everything".
 The drink is named for Jesus Norberto Gomes, the druggist who formulated the drink in 1920.
 The drink has a pink color, a cinnamon aroma and a very sweet taste, and is marketed with the slogan "the pink dream".
 The drink is now a brand owned by the Coca-Cola Company.
