Confederate Gulch is a steeply incised valley on the west facing slopes of the Big Belt Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Its small stream drains westward into Canyon Ferry Lake, on the upper Missouri River Valley near present-day Townsend, Montana.
 In 1864 Confederate soldiers on parole from the American Civil War made a minor gold discovery in the gulch, but in 1865 the discovery of the sensationally rich Montana Bar—one of the richest placer strikes per acre ever made—led to other rich gold strikes up and down the gulch, and touched off a frantic boom period of placer gold mining that extended through 1869.
 From 1866 to 1869 the gulch equaled or outstripped all other Montana Territory mining camps in gold production, producing an estimated $19 to $30 million in gold—late 1860s money.
 For a time, the gulch became the largest community in Montana—in 1866 Montana had a total population of 28,000, and of these, about 10,000 (35%) were working in Confederate Gulch.
 The main community was Diamond City , and while gold production was at its height, Diamond City roared along both night and day.
 During its heyday, Diamond City was the county seat of Montana's Meagher County, although today the area has become part of Broadwater County.
 In their frantic efforts to get at more gold, the miners built ditches and flumes that extended for miles, and employed high pressure hydraulic mining methods which washed down whole hillsides and ate up the gulch floor.
 The hydraulic mining process stripped the gulch and left huge spoil banks—hydraulic mining even consumed the site of Diamond City, which had to be moved to a new location.
 Then the gold ran out, the boom was over and the population simply picked up and left.
 In 1870 there were only 255 people left and a year later only about 60.
 Today hardly a trace remains of Diamond City or the other gulch communities.
 The gulch is quiet and empty, with only an occasional summer prospector, or a rare traveler using the unimproved road that still winds up the gulch from the Missouri Valley and crosses the top of the Big Belts on its way down to the Smith River Valley.
 Diamond City, Confederate Gulch and the Montana Bar were spectacular examples of the flash-in-the pan Montana placer gold mining camps, but what a flash.
Harristown (Irish: "Baile Anraí" ) is a townland in County Kildare on the River Liffey 2.5 miles downstream from Kilcullen, just north of Brannockstown in the civil parish of Carnalway in the barony of Naas North.
 It was formerly a borough and manor, and Harristown Borough was a borough constituency sending two MPs to the Irish House of Commons before the Acts of Union 1800.
 The townland was a part of the demesne of Castlemartin House and Estate which was sold by the Eustace baronets to the first Duke of Leinster, and resold by his son to the La Touche family, who built Harristown House there.
 In 1684 (regnal year 33), Sir Maurice Eustace obtained a royal charter from Charles II incorporating Harristown as a borough, comprising 100 acres .
 The borough was a rotten borough with "not one house and but one tree inhabiting".
 The 1684 charter also established a manor of Harristown, with a court leet, court baron and court of record for 4000 acres of land in the townlands of Harristown, Dunstown, Carnalway, Milltown and others.
 On the borough was disenfranchised by the Act of Union, the corporate officers, who had no functions other than for parliament, were discontinued.
 In 1837, Samuel Lewis described Harristown as "an inconsiderable village", though there was an Irish Constabulary barracks there.
Flathead Valley Community College is a public community college located in Kalispell, Montana.
 Founded in 1967, the school is one of three two-year institutions in the state that are outside the control of the University of Montana System, Montana State University System, and the tribal college system.
 The school offers an Associate of Applied Science degree in 24 different majors, as well as an Associate in Arts degree for substance abuse counseling and an Associate in Science degree for nursing.
 The college added an AAS degree in Brewing Science and Brewery Operations in 2015, and has built an on-campus brewery for student instruction.
  Student housing will be available for the first time during the 2017-2018 academic year.
Ian Twiss (born Milltown, County Kerry) is a Gaelic footballer from County Kerry.
 He has played with Kerry at all levels.
 He first came on the scene in 1996 when he won a Munster Minor Championship he later played in the All Ireland final but Kerry lost out to Laois.
 He then moved on to the Under 21 team in 1998 where in won a Munster Championship and later an All Ireland.
 He was till underage in 1999 and won a second Munster medal and Kerry once again made it to the All Ireland final where they were shocked by Westmeath, Twiss missed a penalty.
 He played with the Kerry senior team for one year in 2002 and was part of the team that lost out to Armagh in that year's All Ireland final.
Warm Springs is an unincorporated community in Deer Lodge County, Montana, United States, operated by the state of Montana.
 It is the site of Montana State Hospital, the only long term psychiatric hospital operated by the state of Montana.
 The hospital was founded by the Territorial Government of Montana in 1877.
 The "warm springs" are located on the hospital campus.
 Hot water seeps from a limestone cone that is about 40 feet high.
 The Native Americans called this the "Lodge of the Whitetailed Deer" giving the Deer Lodge Valley its name.
 There are no community services other than a bar and convenience store on the frontage road and a post office (zip code 59756) on the hospital campus.
 Brown trout fishing can be found in the Clark Fork River just east of Warm Springs and in the ponds on the Warm Springs Wildlife Management Area.
Milltown is an unincorporated community in Missoula County, Montana, United States.
 Milltown is located along Interstate 90 and Montana Highway 200 5.5 mi east of downtown Missoula.
 The community has a post office with ZIP code 59851.
Bettina is a vanished community founded in 1847 by German immigrants as part of the Adelsverein colonization of the Fisher-Miller Land Grant in the U.S. state of Texas.
 It was located on the banks of the Llano River in Llano County, and no trace of the settlement remains today.
 The community was named after German artist and social activist Bettina von Arnim and was one of five attempted by the Darmstadt Forty.
 It was also known as the "Darmstaedter Kolonie".
 The community was sponsored by the Adelsverein, and founded on idealistic philosophies of European freethinkers of the day.
 It is notable for the community's camaraderie and mutually respectful relations with local indigenous tribes.
 Lack of a formal community framework caused Bettina to fail within a year of its founding.
Wolf Point is a city in and the county seat of Roosevelt County, Montana, United States.
 The population was 2,621 at the 2010 census.
 It is the largest community on the Fort Peck Indian Reservation.
 Wolf Point is the home of the annual Wild Horse Stampede, held every year during the second weekend of July.
 Wolf Point's Wild Horse Stampede is the oldest rodeo in Montana, and has been called the "Grandaddy of Montana Rodeos".
Quilty (Irish: "Coillte" , meaning "woods" ), historically "Killty", is a small fishing village between Milltown Malbay and Doonbeg in County Clare, Ireland.
 Lobster, salmon, bass, herring and mackerel are landed at Quilty, formerly known for its curing industry.
 The area was officially classified as part of the West Clare Gaeltacht, an Irish-speaking community, until 1956.
Grandstreet Theatre is a theatre in Helena, Montana.
 It is one of Montana's largest theatres.
 Located in historic downtown Helena, the community theatre presents several plays, musicals, and youth extravaganzas each year.
 Founded in 1975, "GST" remains a cornerstone for entertainment and education in Montana's capital city.
 GST's Summer Conservatory combines education with a full-scale summer stock experience.
 Grandstreet Theatre School offers year-round classes, and has produced a surprisingly large number of theatre professionals across the country.
