The Adorable Cheat is a 1928 silent film starring Lila Lee and distributed by an independent film company, Chesterfield Motion Pictures.
 It was directed by Burton L. King with a copy being long held by The Library of Congress.
The Master Mystery is a 1919 American mystery silent serial film told in 15 installments.
 The film was directed by Harry Grossman and Burton L. King and written by Arthur B. Reeve and Charles Logue.
 The film stars Harry Houdini, Marguerite Marsh, Ruth Stonehouse, Edna Britton, William Pike, and Charles Graham.
 The film was released on March 1, 1919, by Octagon Films.
To the Death is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Burton L. King and released by Metro Pictures.
A Little Girl in a Big City is a 1925 silent film drama directed by Burton L. King and starring Gladys Walton.
 It is based on an off-Broadway play, "A Little Girl in a Big City", by James Kyrle MacCurdy.
 It was Gladys Walton's penultimate film.
The Lost Battalion is a 1919 American silent war film about units of the 77th Infantry Division (the "Lost Battalion") penetrating deep into the Argonne Forest of France during World War I.
 The film was directed by Burton L. King and features Major Charles Whittlesey and a number of actual soldiers from the 77th who portrayed themselves in the film.
 It was released July 2, 1919 in North America.
 The film was remade in 2001 by Russell Mulcahy.
Maheen Zia is a Pakistani film director and film editor.
Lyari Notes is a 2016 documentary that was directed by Maheen Zia and Miriam Chandy Menacherry.
 The film premiered at the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam after being pitched at the Sheffield Doc/Fest MeetMarket in 2015, and follows a young girl and her friends as they use music as a form of escape and expression.
Burton L. King (August 25, 1877 – May 4, 1944) was an American film actor and director.
 One of his best-known productions was "The Lost Battalion" (1919).
Under the Crescent is a 1915 American drama film serial directed by Burton L. King, starring Ola Humphrey, and released by Universal.
 The film is considered to be lost.
Playthings of Desire is a surviving 1924 American silent melodrama film produced and directed by Burton L. King and starring Estelle Taylor.
 Parts of or all of the film is preserved at Library of Congress.
