The Shikoku (四国犬 , Shikoku-ken , alternative names: Kochi-ken, Mikawa Inu, Japanese Wolfdog) is a native, primitive Japanese breed of dog from Shikoku island that is similar to a Shiba Inu.
 The Shikoku was recently added as recognized breed of the American Kennel Club as an AKC FSS standard [ Foundation Stock Service ], it is recognized by the Japan Kennel Club, an organization recognized by AKC as an official foreign registry (AKC recognizes the Shiba Inu, however).
 The Shikoku is also in the Canadian Kennel Club Hound group and the United Kennel Club, awaiting full recognition.
 In 1937 the Japanese Crown recognized the Shikoku dog as a living "natural monument" of Japan.
The Welsh Springer Spaniel is a breed of dog and a member of the spaniel family.
 Thought to be comparable to the old Land Spaniel, they are similar to the English Springer Spaniel and historically have been referred to as both the Welsh Spaniel and the Welsh Cocker Spaniel.
 They were relatively unknown until a succession of victories in dog trials by the breed increased its popularity.
 Following recognition by The Kennel Club in 1902, the breed gained the modern name of Welsh Springer Spaniel.
 The breed's coat only comes in a single colour combination of white with red markings, usually in a piebald pattern.
 Loyal and affectionate, they can become very attached to family members and are wary of strangers.
 Health conditions are limited to those common among many breeds of dog, although they are affected more than average by hip dysplasia and some eye conditions.
 They are a working dog, bred for hunting, and while not as rare as some varieties of spaniel, they are rarer than the more widely known English Springer Spaniel with which they are sometimes confused.
The English Springer Spaniel is a breed of gun dog in the Spaniel family traditionally used for flushing and retrieving game.
 It is an affectionate, excitable breed with a typical lifespan of twelve to fourteen years.
 They are very similar to the Welsh Springer Spaniel and are descended from the Norfolk or Shropshire Spaniels of the mid-19th century; the breed has diverged into separate show and working lines.
 The breed suffers from average health complaints.
 The show-bred version of the breed has been linked to "rage syndrome", although the disorder is very rare.
 It is closely related to the Welsh Springer Spaniel and very closely to the English Cocker Spaniel; less than a century ago, springers and cockers would come from the same litter.
 The smaller "cockers" hunted woodcock while the larger littermates were used to flush, or "spring," game.
 In 1902, The Kennel Club recognized the English Springer Spaniel as a distinct breed.
 They are used as sniffer dogs on a widespread basis.
 The term "Springer" comes from the historic hunting role, where the dog would flush (spring) birds into the air.
Terrier Group is the name of a breed Group of dogs, used by kennel clubs to classify a defined collection of dog breeds.
 In general, a "Terrier Group" includes one particular type of dog, the Terrier, although other types may be included in a kennel club's "Terrier Group".
 Most major English-language kennel clubs include a "Terrier Group" although different kennel clubs may not include the same breeds in their "Terrier Group".
 The international kennel club association, the Fédération Cynologique Internationale, includes Terriers in Group 3 "Terrier", which is then further broken down into four "Sections" based on the type of terrier and breed history.
Rare breed (dog) is any breed of dog that is small in number and is used to refer to both old established breeds such as the Stabyhoun and Glen of Imaal Terrier or newer creations.
 Since dogs have greater genetic variability than other domesticated animals the number of possible breeds is vast with new crosses constantly occurring, from these both selected and random crosses may come new breeds should offspring reliably breed true to type.
 New breeds from the wild such as the Carolina Dog are quite rare compared to attempts at breed creation from man as found in the American Hairless Terrier which sought to exploit a mutation.
The Kennel Club ("KC") is the official kennel club of the United Kingdom.
 It is the oldest recognised kennel club in the world.
 Its role is to act as governing body for various canine activities including dog shows, dog agility and working trials.
 It also operates the national register of pedigree dogs in the United Kingdom and acts as a lobby group on issues involving dogs in the UK.
 Its headquarters are located on Clarges Street in Mayfair, London, with business offices in Aylesbury.
The American Hairless Terrier is a rare breed of dog that was derived as a variant of Rat Terrier.
 As of January 1, 2004, the United Kennel Club deemed the AHT a separate terrier breed, granting it full UKC recognition.
 An intelligent, social and energetic working breed, the American Hairless Terrier is often listed as a potential good breed choice for allergy sufferers.
The Saint-Usuge Spaniel (or Épagneul de Saint-Usuge) is a breed of Spaniel originating in the Bresse region of France.
 The breed has origins dating back to at least the 16th century, but was nearly extinct by the end of World War II.
 Through the efforts of Father Robert Billard, the breed was resurrected during the second half of the 20th century; its national breed club was founded in 1990.
 The breed was recognised by the Société Centrale Canine (French Kennel Club) in 2003.
The American Russell Terrier Club (formerly named the English Jack Russell Terrier Club), founded by JoAnn Stoll in 1995, was the first registry in the United States to maintain the Russell Terrier as a separate breed from the Parson Russell Terrier.
 The American Jack Russell Terrier Club is affiliated with both the United Kennel Club and the American Kennel Club.
 The purpose of the early founders was to establish a registry for the perpetuation and development of the Russell Terrier as a pure strain of working Jack Russell Terrier keeping their blood and type pure within the registry to works towards Kennel Club recognition as an official breed in the US.
 On January 1, 2001, the United Kennel Club recognized the Russell Terrier as an official breed, designating only the stock from the American Russell Terrier Club as Foundation stock for the UKC Russell Terrier.
 In 2004 the American Russell Terrier Club submitted an official request to include the American Russell Terrier Club stock into the AKC FSS Program to work towards becoming an official breed under the perimeters.
 On December 8, 2004, the AKC officially accepted the Russell Terrier.
The Toy Manchester Terrier is a breed of dog, categorized as a terrier.
 The breed was bred down in size in North America from the Manchester Terrier, and is placed in the Toy Group by the American Kennel Club and the Canadian Kennel Club (the Manchester Terrier is placed in the Terrier Group.)
 Neither the Fédération Cynologique Internationale nor The Kennel Club recognize a Toy variety of the Manchester Terrier.
