Liberal Citizens Action (in Spanish: "Acción Ciudadana Liberal") was a political party in Spain at the time of the transition to democracy.
 ACL emerged from the Liberal Federation ("Federación Liberal"), an alliance of five parties, in 1977.
 The president of the party was José María de Areilza, Minister of Foreign Affairs 1975-1976.
 Areilza had left Adolfo Suarez's Democratic Center Union (UCD).
Spanish Social Reform (Spanish: "Reforma Social Española" , RSE) was a Spanish political party founded in 1976 by Manuel Cantarero del Castillo, a former francoist leader.
 It contested the 1977 general election, scoring a disappointing result and failing to win any seat.
 It was subsequently dissolved in October 1977, with some of its members joining the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
 Manuel Cantarero would join the Liberal Citizens Action of José María de Areilza, which in the 1979 general election would run within the Democratic Coalition.
People's Party (Spanish: "Partido Popular" ; PP) was a Spanish liberal conservative political party, founded in 1976.
 The leaders of the PP were Pío Cabanillas Gallas and José María de Areilza.
Maria de Belém Roseira Martins Coelho Henriques de Pina, GCC (b. Porto, 28 July 1949) is a Portuguese politician who served as President of Socialist Party from 2011 to 2014.
 She is informally known by "Maria de Belém", or, more commonly, "Maria de Belém Roseira".
5th Mechanized Infantry Battalion, Jose Maria Cordova (Spanish: "Batallon de Infanteria Mecanizada Numero 5, Jose Maria Cordova" ) is a mechanized infantry battalion of the Colombian National Army under the command of the 1st Division.
 Thee unit is based on the outskirts of the city of Santa Marta at the Papare Military Base.
The Battle of Loma de las Ánimas took place on November 1, 1859 in the vicinity of Loma de las Animas in the state of Guanajuato, Mexico, between elements of the liberal army of the First Light Battalion, under the command of general Doubled Manuel and Santos Degollado and elements of the conservative army commanded by General Jose Maria Alfaro during the War of Reform.
 The battle ended as a Liberal victory.
Jose Maria Torrijos y Uriarte (March 20, 1791 - December 11, 1831), Count of Torrijos, a title granted posthumously by the Queen Governor, also known as General Torrijos, was a Spanish Liberal soldier.
 He fought in the Spanish War of Independence and after the restoration of absolutism by Ferdinand VII in 1814 he participated in the pronouncement of John Van Halen of 1817 that sought to restore the Constitution of 1812, reason why he spent two years in prison until he was released after Triumph of the pronouncement of Irrigation in 1820.
 He returned to fight the French when the One Thousand Sons of San Luis invaded Spain to restore the absolute power of Ferdinand VII and when those triumphed ending the liberal triennium exiled to England.
 There he prepared a statement which he himself led, landing on the coast of Malaga from Gibraltar on December 2, 1831, along with sixty men accompanying him, but they fell into the trap that had been laid before him by the absolutist authorities and were arrested.
 Nine days later, on December 11, Torrijos and 48 of his fellow survivors were shot without trial on the beach of San Andres de Málaga, a fact that was immortalized by a sonnet of José de Espronceda entitled "To the death of Torrijos and his Companions" and by a famous painting that painted in 1888 Antonio Gisbert.
 "The tragic outcome of his life explains what has happened to history, in all fairness, as a great symbol of the struggle against despotism and tyranny, with the traits of epic nobility and serenity typical of the romantic hero, eternalized in The famous painting Antonio Gisbert."
 The city of Malaga erected a monument to Torrijos and his companions in the Plaza de la Merced, next to the birthplace of the painter Pablo Picasso.
 Under the monument to Torrijos in the middle of the square are the tombs of 48 of the 49 men shot; One of them, British, was buried in the English cemetery (Malaga).
Liberal conservatism is a political ideology combining conservative policies with liberal stances, especially on ethical and social issues, or a brand of political conservatism strongly influenced by liberalism.
Conservative liberalism is a variant of liberalism, combining liberal values and policies with conservative stances, or, more simply, representing the right-wing of the liberal movement.
 It is a more positive and less radical variant of classical liberalism.
 Conservative liberal parties tend to combine market liberal policies with more traditional stances on social and ethical issues.
The United National Party, often abbreviated as UNP (Sinhalese: එක්සත් ජාතික පක්ෂය , pronounced "Eksath Jathika Pakshaya", Tamil: ஐக்கிய தேசியக் கட்சி ), is a political party in Sri Lanka.
 It currently is the main ruling party in the government of Sri Lanka and is headed by Ranil Wickremesinghe.
 The UNP is considered to have right-leaning, pro-capitalist, and liberal conservative policies.
