The Cape Fear shiner ("Notropis mekistocholas") is a North American species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.
 It is endemic to the central part of the state of North Carolina in the southeastern United States and is only found in the shallow streams of the Cape Fear River basin.
 The fish is small and yellow with black lips and a black stripe which runs down the middle of the fish's side.
 This shiner is normally found in mixed schools with other minnow species.
 It is unique amongst its genus because it has elongated intestines that are specifically adapted to a primarily herbivorous diet.
 It can breed twice a year and normally lives for only two or three years in the wild.
 The males and females are normally similar in appearance but become different colors in the spawning season.
 This species of shiner was not discovered until 1962.
Mushroom ketchup is a style of ketchup (also spelled "catsup") that is prepared with mushrooms as its primary ingredient.
 Originally, ketchup in the United Kingdom was prepared with mushrooms as a primary ingredient, instead of tomato, the main ingredient in contemporary preparations of ketchup.
 Historical preparations involved packing whole mushrooms into containers with salt.
 It is used as a condiment and may be used as an ingredient in the preparation of other sauces and other condiments.
 Several brands of mushroom ketchup were produced and marketed in the United Kingdom, some of which were exported to the United States, and Geo Watkins Mushroom Ketchup continues to exist in contemporary times as a commercially mass-produced product.
Callaloo (sometimes calaloo or kallaloo) is a popular Caribbean dish originating in West Africa served in different variants across the Caribbean.
 The main ingredient is a leaf vegetable, traditionally either amaranth (known by many local names, including "callaloo" or "bhaaji"), taro or "xanthosoma".
 Both are known by many names, including "callaloo, coco, tannia, bhaaji", or "dasheen" bush.
 Because the leaf vegetable used in some regions may be locally called "callaloo" or "callaloo bush", some confusion can arise among the vegetables and with the dish itself.
 Outside of the Caribbean, water spinach is occasionally used.
 Trinidadians, Grenadians and Dominicans primarily use taro/dasheen bush for callaloo, although Dominicans also use water spinach.
 Jamaicans, Belizeans and Guyanese on the other hand use the name callaloo to refer to amaranth, and use it in a plethora of dishes and also a drink ('callaloo juice').
 The 'callaloo' made in Jamaica is different from the 'callaloo' made in Trinidad and Tobago and Grenada in terms of main ingredient (the leaf used) and other ingredients included (for example, Jamaicans tend to use only callaloo leaf, salt, onions, and scallions, and simply steam the vegetable, while Trinidadians use okra and coconut milk to make a different dish with a different taste and consistency).
Ngapi (Burmese: ငပိ or ငါးပိ ] , literally "pressed fish"), formerly also spelled ngapee, nga-pee, and gnapee, is a generic term for pungent pastes made of either fish or shrimp in Burmese cuisine.
 Ngapi is usually made by fermenting fish or shrimp that is salted and ground then sun dried.
 Many variations exist.
 "Ngapi" is a generic term which applies only to the content.
 Like cheese, it can be distinguished based on main ingredient and regional origin.
 Ngapi can be distinguished from the type of fish used to make it.
 Ngapi can come from whole fish (such as ngapi kaung), from small fish (mhyin ngapi) or from prawns.
 Ngapi is a main ingredient of Lower Burmese cooking and is used as a condiment or additive in most dishes.
 Raw ngapi is not intended for direct consumption.
Isoamyl alcohol (also known as isopentyl alcohol) is a clear, colorless alcohol with the formula (CH)CHCHCHOH.
 It is one of several isomers of amyl alcohol.
 It is a main ingredient in the production of banana oil, an ester found in nature and also produced as a flavouring in industry.
 It is also the main ingredient of Kovac's reagent, used for the bacterial diagnostic indole test.
A relaxation drink is a non-alcoholic beverage containing calming ingredients normally found in nature.
 It is a functional beverage which serves to calm a person but unlike other calming beverages such as tea, relaxation drinks almost universally contain more than one active ingredient.
 Relaxation drinks may be served chilled and carbonated.
 Others have now been introduced in shot-form.
"Take You There" is the second single from Pete Rock & CL Smooth's second album, "The Main Ingredient", released in 1994.
 The song samples "Keep Rising To The Top" by Keni Burke.
 It features vocalist Crystal Johnson on the chorus.
 The B-Side is a remix of the album track "Get On The Mic" from "The Main Ingredient".
 The song peaked at #76 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Semur is a type of meat stew (mainly beef), that is braised in thick brown gravy commonly found in Indonesian cuisine.
 The main ingredient used in "semur" gravy is "kecap manis" (sweet soy sauce), shallots, onions, garlic, ginger, candlenut, nutmeg and cloves, sometimes pepper, coriander, cumin and cinnamon might be added.
 Soy sauce is the most important ingredient in the "Semur"-making process because it serves to strengthen the flavor, but it should still blended harmoniously with other ingredients.
 In addition to the spices and seasonings, "semur" also consists of wide range of body of main ingredients with variation in the presentation, such as meat (mainly beef), beef tongue, potato, tofu, tomato, tempeh, eggs, chicken, fish and often sprinkled with "bawang goreng" (fried shallot) or other variations according to the tastes of the communities in each regions.
Assamese cuisine () is the cuisine of Assam.
 It is a style of cooking that is a confluence of cooking habits of the hills that favor fermentation and drying as forms of food preservation, and those from the plains that provide fresh vegetables and abundance of fish from its many rivers and ponds; both of which are centered on the main ingredient—rice.
 The confluence of varied cultural influences in the Assam Valley has led to the staggering variety and flavours in the Assamese food.
 It is characterised by the use of an extremely wide variety of plant as well as animal products, owing to their abundant availability in the region.
 It is a mixture of different indigenous styles with considerable regional variations and some external influences.
 The cuisine is characterized by very little use of spices, little cooking over fire and strong flavors due mainly to the use of endemic exotic fruits and vegetables that are either fresh, dried or fermented.
 Fish is widely used, and birds like duck, squab etc. are very popular, which are often paired with a main vegetable or ingredient.
 Preparations are rarely elaborate mash;the practice of Bhuna, the gentle frying of spices before the addition of the main ingredients so common in Indian cooking, is absent in the cuisine of Assam.
 The preferred oil for cooking is the pungent mustard oil.
"I Got A Love" is the first single from Pete Rock & CL Smooth's second album, "The Main Ingredient", released in 1994.
 The song is a horn and guitar-driven love-jam, which sees CL exploring his "ladies man" persona which he first introduced on "Lots of Lovin'".
 It samples "Ain't Got the Love (Of One Girl on My Mind)" by The Ambassadors.
 The B-Side is the title track from "The Main Ingredient".
 The single also contains a downtempo remix of "I Got A Love".
