The Blue Light (German: "Das blaue Licht") is a black-and-white 1932 film written and directed by Leni Riefenstahl and Béla Balázs, with uncredited scripting by Carl Mayer.
 In Riefenstahl's film version, the witch, Junta, played by Riefenstahl, is intended to be a sympathetic character.
 Filming took place in the Brenta Dolomites, in Ticino, Switzerland, and Sarntal, Italy.
Leni Riefenstahl: Her Dream of Africa ("Leni Riefenstahl: Ihr Traum von Afrika") is a 2000 documentary-film by Ray Müller.
 The film follows Leni Riefenstahl's return to Sudan to visit the Nuba tribe whom she published photographs of in best-sellers such as "The Last of the Nuba" and "The People of Kau".
 It is the second collaboration between Riefenstahl and Müller.
 She was the subject of his acclaimed 1993 documentary "The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl", which followed her life and reflected on her Nuba activities.
Josef “Sepp” Allgeier (6 February 1895 – 11 March 1968) was a German cinematographer who worked on around fifty features, documentaries and short films.
 He began his career as a cameraman in 1911 for the Expreß Film Co. of Freiburg.
 In 1913 he filmed newsreels in the Balkans.
 He then became an assistant to Arnold Fanck, a leading director of Mountain films.
 He worked frequently with Luis Trenker and Leni Riefenstahl, both closely associated with the genre.
 He was Riefenstahl's lead cameraman on her 1935 propaganda film "Triumph of the Will".
 During the Second World War, Allgeier filmed material for newsreels.
 He later worked in West German television.
 His son is the cinematographer Hans-Jörg Allgeier.
The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl (German: "Die Macht der Bilder: Leni Riefenstahl" ) is a 1993 German documentary film about the life of German film director Leni Riefenstahl, directed by Ray Müller.
The White Ecstasy (German: Der weisse Rausch) is a 1931 German mountain film written and directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Hannes Schneider, Leni Riefenstahl, Guzzi Lantschner, and Walter Riml.
 The film is about the skiing exploits of a young village girl (played by Riefenstahl), and her attempts to master the sport of skiing and ski-jumping aided by the local ski expert (played by Schneider).
 Filmed on location in Sankt Anton am Arlberg, the film was one of the first to use and develop outdoor film-making techniques and featured several innovative action-skiing scenes.
Charlotte Riefenstahl (24 May 1899 in Bielefeld, Germany – 6 January 1993 in Northfield, Minnesota, United States ) was a German physicist.
 She has no relation to Leni Riefenstahl, the notable German filmmaker.
Vilma Cibulková (born 26 March 1963) is a Czech film and stage actress.
 She won a Czech Lion for Best Supporting Actress at the 2003 Czech Lion Awards, for her role in the film "Pupendo".
 At the 2006 Thalia Awards she won the category of Best Actress in a Play, before being awarded another prize in the same category at the 2014 Thalia Awards for her performance of the role of "Leni Riefenstahl" in a production of "Leni" at the Divadlo v Řeznické.
 She also won a prize at the 32nd Moscow International Film Festival, being named Best Actress for her role in "An Earthly Paradise for the Eyes".
Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren is the 1987 autobiography of German film director, Leni Riefenstahl.
 The book received a 1993 American release and coincided with the release of the acclaimed documentary; "The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl" as well as Riefenstahl's ninetieth birthday.
 It was featured on the 1993 "New York Times" list of notable books of the year.
The Holy Mountain (German: "Der heilige Berg" ) is a 1926 German mountain film directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Leni Riefenstahl, Luis Trenker and Frida Richard.
 It was the future filmmaker Riefenstahl's first screen appearance as an actress.
 Written by Arnold Fanck and Hans Schneeberger, the film is about a dancer who meets and falls in love with an engineer at his cottage in the mountains.
 After she gives her scarf to one of his friends, the infatuated friend mistakenly believes that she loves him.
 When the engineer sees her innocently comforting his friend, he mistakenly believes she is betraying him.
Tiefland (Lowlands) is a 1954 German film directed, produced, co-written, edited by and starring Leni Riefenstahl, and based on the 1903 eponymous opera composed by Eugen d'Albert and written Rudolph Lothar and based itself in the Catalan play "Terra baixa" by Àngel Guimerà.
 The film co-stars Bernhard Minetti, and is Riefenstahl's last feature film as both director and lead actress.
