My Heidelberg, I Can Not Forget You (German: Mein Heidelberg, ich kann Dich nicht vergessen) is a 1927 German silent film directed by James Bauer and starring Dorothea Wieck, and Hans Adalbert Schlettow.
Trio was a German band, formed in the small German town of Großenkneten in 1979.
 The band is most noted for the song "Da da da, ich lieb dich nicht, du liebst mich nicht, aha aha aha" (usually simply "Da Da Da") which was a hit in 30 countries worldwide.
 Trio was part of the Neue Deutsche Welle (or NDW); however, the band preferred the name "Neue Deutsche Fröhlichkeit", which means "New German Cheerfulness", to describe their music.
 At that time, as now, popular songs were based on extremely simple structures that were ornately produced.
 Trio's main principle was to remove almost all the ornamentation and polish from their songs, and to use the simplest practical structures (most of their songs were three-chord songs).
 For this reason, many of their songs are restricted to drums, guitar, vocals, and just one or maybe two other instruments, if any at all.
 Bass was used very infrequently until their later songs, and live shows often saw Remmler playing some simple pre-programmed rhythms and melodies on his small Casio VL-1 keyboard while Behrens played his drums with one hand and ate an apple with the other.
Trouble (known as Frustration in the UK and Kimble in Finland) is a board game in which players compete to be the first to send four pieces all the way around a board.
 Pieces are moved according to the roll of a die.
 "Trouble" was developed by the Kohner Brothers and initially manufactured by Irwin Toy Ltd., later by Milton Bradley (now part of Hasbro).
 The game was launched in the United States in 1965.
 It is very similar to the much older game, "Mensch ärgere dich nicht", as well as another Hasbro game, "Sorry!"
 (originally marketed by Parker Brothers).
 The classic version is now marketed by Winning Moves.
 All these games are versions of the classic Indian game Pachisi, which was first introduced to the western world in England under the name of "Ludo".
"Phänomenal egal" [Phenomenally indifferent] is a song by Farin Urlaub.
 It's the fourth single and fourteenth track from his debut album "Endlich Urlaub!
".
 It's a love song, sung sarcastically as the narrator sings things like "Zwar gibt es keine schönere Frau auf der ganzen Welt für mich/Doch in Wirklichkeit lieb' ich dich nicht" (There's no prettier woman for me/But really I don't love you) and "Ich stehe zwar ab und zu einfach nur so vor deiner Tür/Doch im Prinzip will ich gar nichts von dir" (I stand time to time in front of your door/But really I don't want anything from you).
Ich lasse dich nicht, du segnest mich denn, BWV 157
Headache is a board game similar to the traditional game "Mensch ärgere dich nicht", in which the object is to land a playing piece on top of all opponents' pieces (known as "cones").
 The game is distinct from "Mensch ärgere dich nicht" in that there is no finish the player must reach.
 Play moves in circles, until only one player has cones remaining on the board, being declared the winner.
 All players are welcome to occupy any space throughout the game, provided the die rolls allow, and there are eight spaces that serve as "safe" spots, where a cone resting on this space cannot be captured.
 Captured pieces are not sent back to start, but are permanently lost.
Mensch ärgere Dich nicht is a German board game (but not a German-style board game), developed by Josef Friedrich Schmidt in 1907/1908.
Fürchte dich nicht (Do not fear), BWV 228 , is a motet for a funeral by Johann Sebastian Bach, set for double chorus.
 The work in two movements draws its text from the Book of Isaiah and a hymn by Paul Gerhardt.
 Scholars disagree about the composition time and place which was traditionally believed to be 1726 in Leipzig, while more recent scholarship suggests for stylistic reasons that it was already composed during Bach's Weimar period.
It is uncertain how many motets Johann Sebastian Bach composed, because some have been lost, and there are some doubtful attributions among the surviving ones associated with him.
 There are six authenticated motets catalogued BWV 225–230.
 BWV 228 appears to have been written at Weimar, between 1708 and 1717, and the other five in Leipzig, between 1723 and 1727.
 A seventh motet, "Ich lasse dich nicht", BWV Anh.
 159, which was formerly attributed to Bach's older cousin Johann Christoph Bach, appears to be one of Bach's earlier works, possibly composed during the Weimar period.
Ich lasse dich nicht , also "Ich lasse dich nicht, du segnest mich denn " (I will not let you go unless you bless me), BWV Anh.
 159 , is a motet set for double choir.
 Recent scholarship assumes Johann Sebastian Bach as the composer who possibly wrote it during his Weimar period around 1712.
