The 125th Fighter Squadron (125 FS) is a unit of the Oklahoma Air National Guard 138th Fighter Wing located at Tulsa Air National Guard Base, Oklahoma.
 The 125th is equipped with the Block 42 F-16C Fighting Falcon.
Glenville is a neighborhood on the east side of Cleveland, Ohio.
 The neighborhood has an irregular border.
 It begins in the northeast at Eddy Road, and follows Hazeldell Road, E. 110th Street, and Lakeview Road south to E. 114th Street.
 It follows E. 114th Street South to Superior Avenue, where the border moves east to E. 125th Street.
 It follows E. 125th Street south to Hower Avenue, and then cuts across residential blocks in a due-south line to Wade Park Avenue.
 It roughly follows Wade Park Avenue west to E. 105th Street, then E. 105th Street north to Superior Avenue.
 It follows Superior Avenue west to E. 98th Street.
 The border follows Parkgate Avenue west, cuts across Rockefeller Park to Crumb Avenue, and then follows Crumb Avenue, E. 79th Street, and St. Clair Avenue to E. 72nd Street.
 After following E. 72nd Street north to the Lake Erie shore, it follows the shore to encompass the Cleveland Lakefront Nature Preserve before moving due south inland to the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway.
 The border then follows the Shoreway to Eddy Road.
Harlem Opera House was a US opera house located at 211 West 125th Street, in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City.
 Designed by architect John B. McElfatrick, it was built in 1889 by Oscar Hammerstein; it was his first theater in the city.
The CUNY Graduate School of Public Health and Health Policy (commonly known as the CUNY School of Public Health, or CUNY SPH) is a public American research and professional college within the CUNY system based in New York City.
 The school is situated in its new building at 55 West 125th Street in Manhattan.
 The CUNY School of Public Health offers 4 doctoral programs, 7 master's programs, an advanced certificate and faculty memberships in at least 7 of CUNY's research centers and institutes.
 A core faculty of over 45 full-time faculty is supplemented by additional faculty members drawn from throughout CUNY.
The Studio Museum in Harlem, located at 144 West 125th Street between Adam Clayton Powell, Jr.
 Boulevard and Lenox Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City is an American contemporary art museum which is devoted to the work of African-Americans artists of the 19th and 20th centuries.
 The museum's mission is to collect, preserve and interpret the art of African Americans and the African diaspora.
 Founded in 1968, it was the first such museum in the United States.
 Its scope includes exhibitions, artists-in-residence programs, educational and public programming, a permanent collection, as well as archival and research facilities.
A New Black Poet - Small Talk at 125th and Lenox, also known simply as Small Talk at 125th and Lenox, is the debut album of recording artist Gil Scott-Heron, released in 1970 on Flying Dutchman Records.
 Recording sessions for the album were originally said to have taken place live at a New York nightclub located on the corner of 125th Street and Lenox Avenue, but liner notes included in the 2012 box set "The Revolution Begins: The Flying Dutchman Masters", Scott-Heron himself insists that a small audience was brought to 'the studio' and seated on 'folding chairs'.
 By the time of the recordings, Scott-Heron had published a volume of poetry and his first novel, "The Vulture".
 Well received by music critics who found Scott-Heron's material imaginative, "Small Talk at 125th and Lenox" has been described as "a volcanic upheaval of intellectualism and social critique" by Allmusic editor John Bush.
The Adam Clayton Powell Jr.
 State Office Building, originally the Harlem State Office Building, is a nineteen-story, high-rise office building located at 163 West 125th Street at the corner of Adam Clayton Powell Jr.
 Boulevard in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
 It is named after Adam Clayton Powell Jr, the first African-American elected to Congress from New York.
 It was designed by the African-American architecture firm of Ifill Johnson Hanchard in the shape of an African mask in the Brutalist Architecture style.
 It is the tallest building in Harlem, overtaking the nearby Hotel Theresa.
125 Brigade Support Battalion The 125th Forward Support Battalion was constituted in 1936 at the 3rd Battalion, 49th Quartermaster Regiment and activated on 1 April 1942 at Berkeley, California, as the 3rd Battalion, 49th Quartermaster Truck Regiment.
 The 3rd Battalion was broken up and separated in 1943 and its element reorganized and redesignated.
 On 17 December 1943 the Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment was redesignated as the Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment, 125th Quartermaster Battalion, Mobile.
 In 1946, the battalion was converted to the 125th Transportation Corps Truck Battalion and inactivated.
The Apollo Theater at 253 West 125th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr.
 Boulevard (formerly Seventh Avenue) and Frederick Douglass Boulevard (formerly Eighth Avenue) in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City is a music hall which is a noted venue for African-American performers.
 It was the home of "Showtime at the Apollo", a nationally syndicated television variety show which showcased new talent, from 1987 to 2008, encompassing 1,093 episodes.
Spyder Turner (born Dwight David Turner, February 4, 1947, Beckley, West Virginia) is an American soul singer.
 Turner was raised in Detroit, and sang in doo wop groups and high school choirs while young.
 He first began recording after winning a contest at the Apollo Theater in New York, recording some solo sides and singing backup for groups called The Stereophonics and The Fabulous Counts.
