On the night of May 10, 2011 an ethnic Mongol herdsman was killed by a coal truck driver near Xilinhot, Inner Mongolia, China.
 The incident, alongside grievances over mining development in the region and the perceived erosion of traditional lifestyle of indigenous peoples, led to a series of Mongol protests across Inner Mongolia.
 Some 2000 students participated in protests at Communist Party headquarters of the West Ujimqin Banner, followed by demonstrations by secondary school students in the Xilinhot area.
 Select secondary schools and universities with large ethnic Mongol populations were reportedly under "lockdown".
 The Inner Mongolia government under Hu Chunhua tightened security in Inner Mongolian cities, including dispatching People's Armed Police troops to central Hohhot.
Inner Mongolia Normal University (, Mongolian: ) is a university in Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China under the authority of the Autonomous Region government.
 It is located in Hohhot, the capital city of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
Inner Mongolia Agricultural University (IMAU, , Mongolian: ) is a university in Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, China under the authority of the Autonomous Region government.
 It is located in Hohhot, the capital city of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
 It was established in 1952.
The Jining–Arun Expressway (), commonly referred to as the "Ji'a Expressway" () is a planned expressway that will connect Arun Banner, Hulunbuir, Inner Mongolia, China, and Jining District, Ulanqab, Inner Mongolia.
 The expressway is a spur of G55 Erenhot–Guangzhou Expressway and will be completely in Inner Mongolia.
 The expressway is currently in the planning stages.
Inner Mongolia First Machinery Group Corporation (内蒙古第一机械集团有限公司, abbrev.
 一机), previously First Inner Mongolia Machinery Factory, is a military manufacturing company in China.
 It is a facility in Inner Mongolia and supplier of various military equipment to the PLA Army.
 It has also been known as Factory 617 (六一七厂) and the Baotou Tank Plant.
Inner Mongolia University of Technology (IMUT)() is a university in Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, under the authority of the Autonomous Region government.
 It was founded in 1951 and was originally known as the Suiyuan Higher Technical School (绥远省高级工业学校) and then after 1958 the Inner Mongolia Polytechnic Institute (内蒙古工学院) before changing to its current name in 1993.
 It is located in north part of Hohhot, the capital city of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
Bu Xiaolin (; born August 1958) is a Chinese politician of Mongol descent.
 She has served as Chairwoman (governor) of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region since March 2016.
 She is the daughter of Buhe, a former chairman of Inner Mongolia, and the granddaughter of Ulanhu, the founding chairman of Inner Mongolia and a vice-president of China.
Ejin–Hami Railway or Eha Railway (), is a railway in western China between Ejin Banner in Alxa League of western Inner Mongolia and the city of Hami in the eastern part of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
 The line runs 644 km through the deserts near the Mongolian border.
 Apart from Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang, the line also crosses the Subei Mongol Autonomous County, the sliver of Gansu Province that extends to the Mongolian border.
 Construction began on June 30, 2014 and was slated to take three years, but the line opened only 17 months later on December 1, 2015.
 The opening of this rail line shortened the distance by rail from Hohhot, Inner Mongolia's capital, to destinations in Xinjiang and Kazakhstan by over 800 km.
Inner Mongolia Medical University (内蒙古医科大学) is a university in Inner Mongolia, China under the authority of the Autonomous Region government.
 It is located in Hohhot, the capital city of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
 It was renamed from Inner Mongolia Medical College in 2012.
The Zhukaigou culture was a late Neolithic and early Bronze Age culture centered in the Ordos Plateau of Inner Mongolia, China.
 The type site at Zhukaigou was discovered in Ejin Horo Banner, Inner Mongolia, and excavated from 1977 to 1984.
 Zhukaigou culture is a reputed progenitor of the Ordos bronze culture and accordingly a first "Northern Zone" culture, extending to northern and central Inner Mongolia, northern Shaanxi, and northern Shanxi, with the Ordos region at its center.
 Transition to metalworking is dated to around the end of the third millennium BCE, at the same time was attained a higher level in the ceramic.
 Zhukaigou culture lasted to ca. 1500 BCE.
