Fay School is an independent, coeducational day and boarding school, located on a 66 acre campus some 25 mi from Boston in Southborough, Massachusetts, and is the oldest junior boarding school in the United States.
 It has 475 students enrolled from Pre-kindergarten through grade 9; the boarding program (grades 7–9) enrolls 120 students from throughout the United States and more than 19 foreign countries.
 Fay opened its Primary School (Pre-K to Grade Two) in 2010 and moved its 6th grade into the Lower School program (now 3rd to 6th) in the 2012–13 school year.
Princeton High School was founded in 1867 and graduated its first class in 1869.
 The school was started as a boarding school and taught subjects as English, mathematics, history, and the sciences.
 The school was enlarged in both 1894 and 1908 in order to accommodate for increases in attendance.
 The school was completely destroyed by fire on December 15, 1924.
 Plans were then drawn up to build a new school, but in the mean time classes were held in City Hall, the Post Office, and the Christian and Mission Covenant Churches in Princeton.
 The new school opened its doors on September 27, 1926.
 The building, 350 ft long and 100 ft wide, contained twenty classrooms; an auditorium seating 1,100; a library; a science lecture room; chemistry, physics and botanical laboratories; and a gymnasium.
 The building is still in use today, though several additions and remodelings have taken place since then.
Cotter High School is the sole Roman Catholic High School in Winona, Minnesota, and is one of the first in the state.
 Today, Cotter Schools consists of the Cotter High School and Cotter Junior High School.
 The school opened its doors on September 5, 1911 as the "Cotter School for Boys".
 Cotter, named for the diocese’s first bishop, Bishop Joseph Bernard Cotter, was a boys school directed by the Christian Brothers of Saint John Baptist de La Salle.
 In 1952, the Brothers turned the operation of the school over to the diocese and Cotter became co-educational with the combining of the Cathedral Girls High School.
 In 1953 a new Cotter building was erected and in 1962 an addition was added.
 In 1992, with help from an endowment from the Hiawatha Education Foundation, the school moved to its current location on the campus of the former College of Saint Teresa, allowing it to add a boarding school component.
The Sainik School Balachadi ("Hindi: सैनिक शाला बालाचडी" ), Jamnagar, Gujarat, is one of the Top Sainik School in the Chain of 26 Sainik Schools in India.
 It is one of the boarding school for public education in Gujarat.It was established in July 1961 by then the Honorable Prime Minister Sri Lal Bahadur Shastri.
It is an elite English medium, fully residential boarding school for boys providing Premium public school education with a Military bias up to 10+2 stage as per the Central Board of Secondary Education.
The Chain of Sainik Schools in India was established as a prime focus of strengthening the Armed Forces and All India Services IAS & IPS, and other fields of Public services.
 The School is Located at a distance of 32 km from the main city of Jamnagar alongside a coastal area.
 The campus facing the Gulf of Kutch is encompassed with a Bungalow of The Ruler of Nawanagar Maharaja Jam Shaheb Digvijaysinhji Ranjitsinhji, Sachana Ship Breaking Yard and a natural sea beach.
Westminster School is an independent, Uniting Church, Early Learning to Year 12, coeducational, day and boarding school located at Marion, South Australia, 12 km south of Adelaide.
 Founded as a Methodist day and boarding school for boys, the school was opened by the Prime Minister Robert Menzies in 1961 and is named after Westminster School in London.
 The school became co-educational in 1978, and has a current enrolment of around 1150 students.
Concho Indian Boarding School (also known as the Cheyenne-Arapaho Boarding School at Concho or Concho Indian School and home to the Concho Demonstration School) was a boarding school for members of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes and later opened to other Native American students.
 It existed from 1909 to 1983.
 It was located in central Oklahoma, approximately 1 mile south of Concho, Oklahoma and 4 miles north of El Reno, Oklahoma.
 The name of the town and school is the Spanish word for "shell" and was named for the Indian agent, Charles E. Shell.
Grace Church School is a private school whose original building is located at 86 Fourth Avenue between East 10th and East 12th Streets in the East Village neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City.
 The school was founded in 1894 by the Grace Church as the first choir boarding school in New York City.
 The private day school, which much resembles the school today, began in 1934.
 Grace Church School's High School Division opened in 2012 and is located at 46 Cooper Square.
 In the 2015-16 school year, the school opened for the first time as a Junior Kindergarten through 12th grade program.
Grennaskolan Boarding School is a Swedish boarding school located in Gränna, Jönköping County.
 Grennaskolan Boarding School was founded in 1963 by Stockholm University and has today approximately 200 students, half of whom are boarding school students and half of whom are international students.
Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School was initially established in the year 2051 B.S (1994 A.D) by a group of highly experienced professional in the field of education at Pragatinagar – 3, Nawalparasi, Nepal, in collaboration with Nawal English Boarding School, established at Rajhar V.D.C. in the year 2039 B.S (1982 A.D) to promote it from Primary Level to Secondary Level and was run under the name of Nawal English Boarding School (NEBS) upto 2056 B.S (1999 A.D).
 NEBS was later merged into Vishwa Jyoti English Boarding School in the year 2057 B.S (2000 A.D).
 In the year 2064 B.S (2007 A.D) the school upgraded itself to the Higher Secondary Level, affiliated to the Higher Secondary Education Board (H.S.E.B.) and started running classes in the science and management stream.
official website
The Regional Resettlement Arrangement between Australia and Papua New Guinea, colloquially known as the PNG solution, is the name given to an Australian government policy in which any asylum seeker who comes to Australia by boat without a visa will be refused settlement in Australia, instead being settled in Papua New Guinea if they are found to be legitimate refugees.
 The policy includes a significant expansion of the Australian immigration detention facility on Manus Island, where refugees will be sent to be processed prior to resettlement in Papua New Guinea, and if their refugee status is found to be non-genuine, they will be either repatriated, sent to a third country other than Australia or remain in detention indefinitely.
 The policy was announced on 19 July 2013 by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and Papua New Guinean Prime Minister Peter O'Neill, effective immediately, in response to a growing number of asylum seeker boat arrivals.
 The then Opposition Leader Tony Abbott initially welcomed the policy, while Greens leader Christine Milne and several human rights advocate groups opposed it, with demonstrations protesting the policy held in every major Australian city after the announcement.
