Rodel Flordeliz (born Rodelio Pasquito Flordeliz) is a Filipino model and TV Host.
 He used to be one of the pioneer field reporters of "SBN channel 21" in the news program "Ito ang Balita".
 In 2004 he transferred to "UNTV 37" to host a kiddie show Teleskwela
The Itchy & Scratchy Show (often shortened as Itchy & Scratchy) is a running gag and fictional animated television series featured in the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It usually appears as a part of "The Krusty the Clown Show", watched regularly by Bart Simpson and Lisa Simpson.
 Itself an animated cartoon, "The Itchy & Scratchy Show" depicts a sadistic anthropomorphic blue mouse, Itchy (voiced by Dan Castellaneta), who repeatedly maims and kills an anthropomorphic, hapless threadbare black cat, Scratchy (voiced by Harry Shearer).
 The cartoon first appeared in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "The Bart Simpson Show", which originally aired November 20, 1988.
 The cartoon's first appearance in "The Simpsons" was in the 1990 episode "There's No Disgrace Like Home".
 Typically presented as 15-to-60-second-long cartoons, the show is filled with gratuitous violence.
 "The Simpsons" also occasionally features characters who are involved with the production of "The Itchy & Scratchy Show", including Roger Meyers Jr. (voiced by Alex Rocco, and, later, Hank Azaria), who runs the studio and produces the show.
A Day With Doodles was an American children's television program that aired in 1964 in syndication through National Telefilm Associates.
 The segments starred Doodles Weaver in comedic slapstick stories in which the main character encountered various mix-ups and failures.
 The stories were all performed by Weaver in assorted costumes while a narrator described the situation in first person plural (e.g., "Today we are a movie producer...").
 The show was marketed for inclusion in local "kiddie show" TV programs where producers would select nationally syndicated cartoon and live action shows and combine them with in-studio material to create a locally produced variety program.
Herschel Shmoikel Pinchas Yerucham Krustofsky, better known as Krusty the Clown (sometimes spelled as Krusty the Klown), is a cartoon character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta.
 He is the long-time clown host of Bart and Lisa's favorite TV show, a combination of kiddie variety television hijinks and cartoons including "The Itchy & Scratchy Show".
 Krusty is often portrayed as a cynical, burnt-out, addiction-riddled smoker who is made miserable by show business but continues on anyway.
 He has become one of the most common characters outside of the main Simpson family and has been the focus of several episodes, most of which also spotlight Bart.
"Bart to the Future" is the seventeenth episode of the eleventh season of the American animated television sitcom "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 19, 2000.
 In the episode, after their picnic in the park is cut short due to a mosquito infestation, the Simpsons stop by at an Indian casino.
 There, Bart is prevented from entering because of his age.
 He manages to sneak in but is caught by the guards and sent to the casino manager's office.
 The Native American manager shows Bart a vision of his future as a washed-up, wannabe rock musician living with Ralph Wiggum, while Lisa has become the President of the United States and tries to get the country out of financial trouble.
 "Bart to the Future" was the second episode of "The Simpsons" after "Lisa's Wedding" to be set in the future.
"The Telltale Head" is the eighth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> first season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 25, 1990.
 It was written by Al Jean, Mike Reiss, Sam Simon and Matt Groening, and directed by Rich Moore.
 In the episode, Bart cuts the head off the statue of Jebediah Springfield in the center of town to impress Jimbo, Kearney and Dolph, three older kids he admires.
 The town's residents, including the three boys, are horrified and Bart regrets his actions.
 After telling his family, Homer and Bart head to the center of town, where they are met by an angry mob.
 After Bart tells the mob he has made a mistake, the townspeople forgive Bart and he places the head back on the statue.
 The episode's title is a reference to the short story "The Tell-Tale Heart" by Edgar Allan Poe.
"Good Night" (also known as "Good Night Simpsons") is the first of forty-eight Simpsons shorts that appeared on the variety show "The Tracey Ullman Show".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 19, 1987, during the third episode of "The Tracey Ullman Show" and marks the first appearance of the Simpson family — Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie — on television.
 After three seasons on Tracey Ullman, the shorts would be adapted into the animated show "The Simpsons".
 "Good Night" has since been aired on the show in the episode "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" (in its entirety), along with several other Ullman shorts, and is one of the few shorts to ever be released on DVD, being included in the Season 1 DVD set.
"Bart Gets Hit by a Car" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> second season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 10, 1991.
 At the start of the episode, Bart is hit by Mr. Burns<nowiki>'</nowiki> car.
 Prompted by ambulance-chasing lawyer Lionel Hutz and quack doctor Dr. Nick Riviera, the Simpsons sue Mr. Burns, seeking extensive damages for Bart's injuries.
 Hutz and Dr. Nick exaggerate Bart's injuries so they can gain sympathy at the trial.
 Marge is against the whole thing and grows concerned with the fact that Homer is asking Bart to lie.
"Postcards from the Wedge" is the fourteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> twenty-first season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 14, 2010.
 In the episode, Homer and Marge once again try to discipline Bart after Mrs. Krabappel tells them that Bart has not been doing his homework, but Bart has a plan to manipulate Homer's strictness and Marge's sympathetic ear, which backfires when Homer and Marge see through the plan and decide to ignore Bart.
 These themes had been seeded in the previous season (e.g. "Double, Double, Boy in Trouble", and "The Good, the Sad, and the Drugly"), would culminate in the show's first ever true grounding, and the first to stand for the rest of the episode.
 It would also be the last episode to feature a grounding, until "The Marge-ian Chronicles" in Season 27, six years later (also written by Brian Kelley).
"Bart the Fink" is the fifteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 11, 1996.
 In this episode, Bart ruins Krusty the Clown's career by accidentally exposing Krusty as one of the biggest tax cheats in American history.
 Driven to despair, Krusty fakes a suicide in order to start life anew as a sailor; feeling guilty for what he did, Bart convinces Krusty to become a television clown again.
