Ricki Pamela Lake (born September 21, 1968) is an American actress, producer, and television presenter.
 Lake is best known for her talk show which was broadcast internationally from September 1993 until May 2004.
 When Lake's show debuted, she was 24 and credited as being the youngest person to host a syndicated talk show at the time.
 In autumn 2012, Lake embarked on a second syndicated talk show project "The Ricki Lake Show" (dubbed as "The New Ricki Lake Show"), which aired on weekdays.
 In 2013, the series was canceled after one season but Lake won her first Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Talk Show Host.
The Party Machine with Nia Peeples is a half-hour late-night American musical variety show that aired in syndication for one season in 1991.
 The show was hosted by Nia Peeples and executive produced by Arsenio Hall.
It's a Miracle is a television show that aired on PAX-TV (now ION Television) between September 6, 1998 and August 5, 2006.
 Initially hosted by Billy Dean and Nia Peeples and then Richard Thomas, and later by Roma Downey, it explored case studies of people who experienced perceived miracles during their lifetime.
Chip Franklin is a nationally known talk show host, writer, producer, comedian and musician.
 For the last 20+ years, he's been a talk show host, and is currently on KGO in San Francisco, California.
 He is also former host of a talk show on KOGO in San Diego, California and WBAL AM 1090 in Baltimore, Maryland and at WMAL in Washington DC.
 The Washington Post's Marc Fisher says "Franklin adds a rare dose of irony to a medium that rarely trusts its audience to get the joke.”
 In San Diego and Baltimore, Washington DC, Franklin is also known as a comedian and frequents clubs in the markets.
Hollywood on Television was a five-and-a-half-hour, six-day-a-week live television talk show starring newcomer Betty White and radio disc jockey Al Jarvis that ran from 1949 to 1953.
 When Jarvis left the show in 1951, film star Eddie Albert took his place and co-hosted with White for six months until thirty-three and a half hours of live ad-lib television per week, featuring just the two of them, took its toll and he also resigned.
 White was then hosting the show alone, and is believed to have been the first female television talk show host as a result.
 After a period of White talking directly into the camera lens for hours at a stretch, the show began accepting guests to interact with her as well as gradually incorporating scripts and sketches.
 Similarly to Jackie Gleason's "Honeymooners" sketches on the Dumont Network during the same era, recurring sketches involving White as a housewife named Elizabeth caught on with the viewers to the point that expanding the sketches into a half-hour sitcom appeared to be the obvious next step.
 Series pianist George Tibbles began writing the sketches.
 Studio producer Don Fedderson, Tibbles and White formed a production company called "Bandy Productions," named after Betty White's dog Bandit, and White changed over to a half hour sitcom format based on the Elizabeth sketches entitled "Life With Elizabeth", which ran in syndication for two years and sixty-five episodes.
 Across the decades, White would use the skills she had honed on "Hollywood on Television" by hosting her own talk show in 1954 and subsequent variety series as well as starring in numerous sitcoms, including "Date with the Angels", "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "The Betty White Show", "The Golden Girls", "The Golden Palace" and "Hot in Cleveland", as well as hosting the 2012 prank show "Betty White's Off Their Rockers", which began airing 63 years after the premiere of "Hollywood on Television".
Philip Till is a talk show host in Vancouver, British Columbia.
 Since 2005 he has been the a.m. drive-time host of the CKNW Morning News with Philip Till from 5:30 a.m. - 8:30 a.m.
 He has been a talk show host on CKNW since 1989.
 Previous to hosting his own show, he co-hosted the afternoon drive time show "The World Today" with Jon McComb, who is the current solo host.
Nothin' But Trouble is the debut studio album by American singer and actress Nia Peeples.
 It was released on August 30, 1988 by Mercury Records.
 Peeples decided to venture into the music industry after she came to recognition as a regular cast in the musical television series "Fame".
 She worked with Steve Harvey, Howard Hewett, Doc Powell and Tony Prendatt on the album.
 Musically, "Nothin' But Trouble" is a dance-pop and R&B album with influence of other popular genres at the time, such as freestyle and new jack swing.
Lap Dance, formally titled Monica, is an American drama produced by Datari Turner Productions & directed by Greg Carter.
 The film's ensemble cast includes Briana Evigan, Robert Hoffman, Ali Cobrin, Datari Turner, James Remar, Mariel Hemingway, Omari Hardwick, Lynn Whitfield, Carmen Electra, Nia Peeples, Stacey Dash, Junie Hoang and LisaRaye.
Half Past Dead is a 2002 American action film written and directed by Don Michael Paul in his directorial debut, and produced by Steven Seagal, who also starred in the lead role, alongside Andrew Stevens and Elie Samaha.
 The film co-stars Morris Chestnut, Ja Rule, Tony Plana, Kurupt, and Nia Peeples.
 The film tells the story of a criminal who infiltrates a prison to interrogate a prisoner about the location of a fortune in gold while an undercover FBI agent has to stop him.
 Distribution and copyrights are held by Columbia Pictures.
 "Half Past Dead" was released on November 15, 2002 by Screen Gems.
 The film grossed $19 million worldwide against its budget of $25 million.
KDWN (720 AM) is an American radio station owned by Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc. based in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 It broadcasts full-time at 50,000 watts, and is directional at night.
 It can be heard throughout most of the Western United States, north into Canada and south into Mexico.
 KDWN is primarily a news-talk radio station featuring a local morning talk show host Alan Stock and syndicated talk show host Jerry Doyle.
 KDWN also broadcasts brokered programs for Las Vegas casinos, local businesses, and other groups.
 It is the station where famous late-night talk show host Art Bell first broadcast his show, Coast to Coast AM.
 It also has a local news alliance with Channel 8 KLAS-TV, the CBS TV Network affiliate in Las Vegas.
