Stewart was born in Greenwood, Mississippi, the daughter of Hattie Juanita (Leonard) and Thomas Ezekiel Harris.
 She has lived in Montgomery, Al since 1990.
 She is a professional actress; play director, national museum exhibit director, tenured Professor and the Dean of the College of Visual & Performing Arts at Alabama State University.
 As Dean of the College of Visual & Performing Arts, Tonea serves as administrator over the Department of Art, Music, and Theatre.
 She also serves as professor, role model, motivator, and mentor to the students.
 Since her arrival, the number of Theatre majors, minors, and the number of graduates from the Department of Theatre Arts have soared.
 Recently the Department of Theatre Arts received the 2013 and 2014 Best Fine Arts Program Award from HBCU Digest.
 Over seventy-five percent of the ASU theatre graduates have received full scholarships to major graduate universities such as Brown, Yale, University of California, Los Angeles, University of Louisville, to Washington State, New York University, and Louisiana State University to name a few.
 Youth and adults from the Montgomery area and across the nation have been touched by her summer performance and enrichment camps: T.A.P.S.(Theatre Artists Performance School), Camp 3T (Teaching through Theatre), TTI(Technical Theatre Initiative), ARPAC (Adult Repertory Performing Arts Camp), and Camp Gifted for persons with disabilities.
Bodens Performing Arts College is a full-time Performing Arts College for students aged 16–19 years based in Barnet, Hertfordshire.
 The part-time school was established in 1973, leading to the opening of the full-time college in 2012.
 Students undertake BTEC Level 3 Extended in Performing Arts, Trinity Acting Certificate and a Trinity Level 4 Associate Diploma in Acting or Musical Theatre.
 The course is performance based and students work with resident tutors on a full-time basis, complimented by guest tutors from across the country, experts in their field.
The Hillman Center for Performing Arts is a multi-stage performing arts venue on the campus of Shady Side Academy's Senior School in Fox Chapel, a northern suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 Featuring dedicated music and vocal practice spaces, the Richard E. Rauh proscenium theater, and the Peter J. Kountz black box theater, the Hillman Center serves as Shady Side Academy's primary performing arts classroom.
 Additionally, undertaking the development of a professional performing arts series in the fall of 2006, the Hillman Center also serves the community as a public performing arts venue, whose programming goal is to feature “The Best of Pittsburgh and the World.”
 The Hillman Center's artistic niche strives to support not only Shady Side Academy's curriculum but also the Pittsburgh community.
 Featuring traditional offerings (such as symphony and orchestral music, classical dance, and opera) and world music and culture performances, the Hillman Center offers globally diverse arts programming to the regional community.
 International performers celebrate the diverse ethnic and national communities of Pittsburgh and help connect the audience to the rest of the world.
Tara (born 3 of August 1944 in Imphal, Manipur, India) is an Assamese film actress, who has worked in Assamese, Manipuri, Punjabi and Hindi films in a career extending more than 50 years.
 Her prominent features include "Halodhia Choraye Baodhan Khai", which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in 1988, Banaras - A Mystic Love Story, and Shakuntala, directed by Bhupen Hazarika.
The Columbus Invitational Arts Competition is a competitive arts event held annually in Columbus, Ohio since 2012.
 The event brings together organizations selected for inclusion due to a combination of "artistic excellence and exceptional community involvement."
 In its first year the event drew participation from twenty-five local groups representing over three hundred individual artists, across four categories, Performing Arts, Visual Arts, Studio Recordings and Literary Arts.
 Literary Arts was eliminated in the second year and the divisions were further reduced to Performing Arts and Visual Arts for the third year, which was billed as a "regional" competition, and which drew participation from all five states surrounding Ohio (Indiana, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Kentucky and West Virginia).
 Organizers plan to hold the event at a national level by year six, and an international level by year ten.
Sangeet Natak Akademi (Devanāgarī: "संगीत नाटक अकादेमी" or The National Academy for Music, Dance and Drama in English) is the national level academy for performing arts set up by the Government of India.
Timeless is a multilingual album by Assamese musician Jim Ankan Deka.
 The album was recorded in 2012.
 The CD contains seven tracks while the digital version has only five tracks.
 The album is a tribute to Indian music maestros Dr. Bhupen Hazarika and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, writer Bhabananda Deka and the National anthem of India.
Bhupen Hazarika was an Indian playback singer, lyricist, musician, singer, poet and film-maker from Assam, widely known as Sudhakantha.
 His songs, written and sung mainly in the Assamese language by himself, are marked by humanity and universal brotherhood and have been translated and sung in many languages, most notably in Bengali and Hindi.
 His songs, based on the themes of communal amity, universal justice and empathy, have become popular among the people of Assam, besides West Bengal and Bangladesh.
 He is also acknowledged to have introduced the culture and folk music of Assam and Northeast India to Hindi cinema at the national level.
 He received the National Film Award for Best Music Direction in 1975.
 Recipient of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award (1987), Padmashri (1977), and Padmabhushan (2001), Hazarika was awarded with Dada Saheb Phalke Award (1992), India's highest award in cinema, by the Government of India and Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship (2008), the highest award of the Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's The National Academy for Music, Dance and Drama.
 He was posthumously awarded the Padma Vibhushan, India's second-highest civilian award, in 2012.
 Hazarika also held the position of the Chairman of the Sangeet Natak Akademi from December 1998 to December 2003.
Kalpana Patowary (Assamese: কল্পনা পাটোৱাৰী) is an Indian playback and folk singer from Assam.
 She is a disciple of Ustad Gulam Mustafa Khan and has been influenced by the bard of Brahmaputra Bhupen Hazarika.
 She sings in 30 different languages.
 She participated in the reality show "Junoon - Kuchh Kar Dikhaane Ka" (2008) on NDTV Imagine.
 Patowary has lent her vocals to numerous Bhojpuri songs and Bollywood numbers in films including "Billu" and "R. Rajkumar".
 Although she has many folk and popular songs to her credit, Bhojpuri music has been her most dedicated foray.
The Association of Performing Arts Professionals (Previously the Association of Performing Arts Presenters, also known as APAP), based in Washington, D.C., is the United States national service, advocacy and membership organization for the performing arts presenting sector and the convener of APAP|NYC, the world’s leading gathering of performing arts professionals, every January in New York City.
 Through professional development programs and member services, APAP provides opportunities for artists, agents and managers, presenters, and producers to make the connections and gain the information, skills, and resources they need to make the arts a vibrant, valuable and sustainable part of everyday life.
 APAP supports and educates today’s and tomorrow’s performing arts leaders.
