Brookenby Church is located in Brookenby, Lincolnshire, England.
 A member of the Church of England, it forms part of the Walesby group of churches, which also includes churches in Claxby, Kirmond le Mire, Normanby le Wold, North Willingham, Stainton le Vale, Tealby and Walesby.
 This group of Churches is within the Diocese of Lincoln.
 Dedicated to the archangel Saint Michael, Brookenby church was established in the 1990s and is housed in the West wing of a former Officers Mess building.
Gayton le Wold is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It lies 6 mi west from Louth, 3 mi north from Donington on Bain, and to the south of the A157.
 The parish includes Biscathorpe 1 mi to the south-west.
 The village population is included in the civil parish of Burgh on Bain.
Hallington is a small village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated 2 mi south-west from the town of Louth in the Lincolnshire Wolds, a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 The population of the village is included in the civil parish of Welton Le Wold.
Normanby le Wold is a village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated in the Lincolnshire Wolds, an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, and about 5 mi south from the town of Caistor, and 17 mi north-east from the city and county town of Lincoln.
 It is in the civil parish of Claxby by Normanby.
Wolds Top (sometimes also Normanby Hill) is the name sometimes given to the highest point of the Lincolnshire Wolds.
 It lies some distance to the north of the village of Normanby le Wold in Lincolnshire.
 The Viking Way passes close by, on a minor road, and there is a radio mast near the summit.
 The summit is marked with an Ordnance Survey triangulation station, which was erected in 1936, and is now used as part of the Ordnance Survey National GPS System.
Biscathorpe is an ecclesiastical parish and site of Biscathorpe medieval village.
 It lies in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England, on the River Bain, 1 mi south-west of Gayton le Wold, 6.5 mi west of Louth, and to the south of the A157.
 It is a Conservation Area managed by DEFRA, and is traversed by the Viking Way.
Welton le Wold is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated approximately 4 mi west of the town of Louth.
Caistor is a town and civil parish situated in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 As its name implies, it was originally a Roman castrum or fortress.
 It lies at the north-west edge of the Lincolnshire Wolds, on the Viking Way, and just off the A46 between Lincoln and Grimsby, at the A46, A1084, A1173 and B1225 junction.
 It has a population of 2,601.
 Its name comes from the Anglo-Saxon "ceaster" ("Roman camp" or "town") and was given in the "Domesday Book" as "Castre".
Grimblethorpe is a hamlet in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated 6 mi west from Louth and just north of the village of Gayton le Wold, on the A157 road.
 It is in the civil parish of Burgh on Bain.
Welton (or Welton by Lincoln) is a village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 4,327.
 It is geographically situated 6 mi north from Lincoln city centre.
 The name Welton by Lincoln distinguishes it from other Weltons in Lincolnshire: Welton le Wold and Welton le Marsh.
