Raymond Frederic Baxter OBE (25 January 1922 – 15 September 2006) was an English television presenter and writer.
 He is best known for being the first presenter of the BBC television science programme "Tomorrow's World", continuing for 12 years, from 1965 to 1977.
 He also provided radio commentary at the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II, the funerals of King George VI, Winston Churchill and Lord Mountbatten of Burma, and the first flight of Concorde.
"All Out of Love" is a song by the Australian soft rock duo Air Supply, released in 1980 from their fifth studio album Lost in Love and it was written by Graham Russell & Clive Davis.
 In the United States, it reached number two on the Hot 100 (blocked by both "Upside Down" by Diana Ross and "Another One Bites the Dust" by Queen) and number 5 on the Adult Contemporary chart.
 In the UK, the song went to number 11 and is their only Top 40 hit in that country.
 It placed 92nd in VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Love Songs in 2003.
"Jackie" is a song written by Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly for the 1987 film, "Summer School".
 It was originally recorded by Elisa Fiorillo and included on the "Summer School" soundtrack.
 In 1988, "Jackie" was recorded by Lisa Stansfield's band, Blue Zone for their 1988 album, "Big Thing".
 It was released as a single and peaked at number fifty-four on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number thirty-seven on the Hot Dance Club Songs.
 In 1998, "Jackie" was recorded by Joanne, who used samples from the Blue Zone version.
 It was issued as B.Z. featuring Joanne and reached number three in Australia and number five in New Zealand.
 Another cover by Redzone peaked at number thirty-seven in Australia.
Lost and Safe is the third album by American musical duo The Books.
 It is stylistically similar to their previous albums, continuing their rich use of samples as diverse as Raymond Baxter ("That's the picture.
 You s-you see it for yourself.")
, W. H. Auden ("This great society is going smash / A culture is no better than its woods", from his poem "Bucolics: II, Woods"), and a reading of Lewis Carroll's poem "Jabberwocky".
 On "If Not Now, Whenever" Mal Sharpe asks a passerby "How're you doin' today?"
 Some of the sampled passages are either accompanied or performed elsewhere by guitarist/bassist Nick Zammuto in Sprechstimme.
 Some of the eclecticism of the samples is owed to their origins in Salvation Army shops.
Sara Ayers is an ambient music artist who uses her voice as a sound source.
 The Chemical Brothers used samples of Ayers' "Everyday We Die a Little" on their song "Come Inside" from their album "Push the Button."
 VH1 used samples of "Angel #3" for the soundtrack of "Behind the Music: Britney Spears."
 The Russian electronic trio Figura constructed an entire album, "The Sara Ayers Remixes", around her vocals.
Daddy Longlegs first appeared in "Spider-Woman" #47 (December 1982), and was created by Mark Gruenwald.
 Ramsey Kole is a dancer of short stature who steals and drinks some experimental chemicals that Bill Foster was working on, and grows to a height of 15 feet with extremely long arms and legs.
 Spider-Woman intervenes when he attacks the audience at a theatre, and after she defeats him, he is taken away by the Locksmith and Tiktok along with a number of other superhumans.
 Daddy Longlegs is later restored to normal by Dr. Karl Malus, who used samples from Kole to purify the Pym Particles.
Zeinab Badawi (Arabic: زينب بدوي‎ ‎ ; born 24 November 1959) is a Sudanese-British television and radio journalist.
 She was the first presenter of the "ITV Morning News" (now known as ""), and co-presented "Channel 4 News" with Jon Snow (1989–1998), before joining BBC News.
 Badawi was the presenter of "World News Today" broadcast on both BBC Four and BBC World News, and "Reporters", a weekly showcase of reports from the BBC.
Big Show and Kane was a tag team during five periods: 2001–2002, 2005–2006, 2011 and 2014–2016.
 The duo used their gigantic statures and power to dominate opponents, and they were successful in winning both the World Tag Team Championship and WWE Tag Team Championship once.
Us3 is a jazz-rap group founded in London in 1992.
 Their name was inspired by a Horace Parlan recording produced by Alfred Lion, the founder of Blue Note Records.
 On their debut album, "Hand on the Torch", Us3 exclusively used samples from the Blue Note Records catalogue, all originally produced by Lion.
Amoebic Dysentery are a goregrind band from Atlanta, Georgia.
 They are noteworthy for being the first goregrind band to wear white HAZMAT suits on stage during performances and their occasional clean vocals.
 They've used samples from South Park, Beavis and Butthead, Happiness and .
 All their songs are made about gore and sex in a jokingly fashion, some of their song titles on Floaters and Sinkers involving Steve Urkel in purposely disgusting ways such as 'Steve Urkel's Adventures in Bestiality the Violation of Lassie'.
