Connecticut State Marshals are sworn peace officers in the State of Connecticut.
 Their primary duty is to serve and execute civil process directed to them from courts or various state agencies.
 There are approximately 235 state marshals serving in Connecticut, assigned to specific counties within the state.
 Connecticut state marshal operations are overseen by the State Marshal Commission, an executive branch commission within the Department of Administrative Services, located in Hartford, Connecticut.
The Registrar of Companies (ROC) is an office under the Indian Ministry of Corporate Affairs that deals with administration of the Companies Act 1956 and Companies Act, 2013.
 There are currently 22 Registrars of Companies (ROC) operating from offices in all major states of India.
 Some states, such as Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, have two ROCs each.
 Section 609 of the Companies Act, 1956 tasks the ROCs with the primary duty of registering companies and LLPs floated in the respective states and the union territories under their administration.
The Maremma Sheepdog, in Italian Cane da pastore Maremmano-Abruzzese, is a breed of livestock guardian dog indigenous to central Italy, particularly to Abruzzo and the Maremma region of Tuscany and Lazio.
 It has been used for centuries by Italian shepherds to guard sheep from wolves.
 The literal English translation of the name is "The dog of the shepherds of the Maremma and Abruzzese region".
 The English name of the breed derives from that of the Maremma marshlands, where until recently shepherds, dogs and hundreds of thousands of sheep over-wintered, and where the breed is today abundant although sheep-farming has decreased substantially.
 The breed is widely employed in Abruzzo, where sheep herding remains vital to the rural economy and the wolf remains an active and protected predator.
 Similar breeds include the Pyrenean Mountain Dog, the Kuvasz of Hungary, the Tatra of Poland, the Cuvac of Slovakia and the Šarplaninac (although not white), with all of which it may share a common ancestor; and the Akbash Dog of Turkey.
Arthur is an Ecuadorian street dog who attached himself to a Swedish extreme sports team when they were competing in the Adventure Racing World Championship in 2014, and now lives in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden and has inspired a foundation to help other Ecuadorian street dogs.
 According to his owner Mikael Lindnord, Arthur is presumed to be a Maremma Sheepdog mix.
Seungjeongwon was the Royal Secretariat during the Joseon Dynasty of Korea (1392 - 1910) in charge of receiving and delivering the king's order.
 The office was also called "Jeongwon", "Huwon", "Eundae", or "Daeeonsa".
 According to the "Gyeongguk daejeon" (Complete Codes of Law), the Seungjeongwon had 6 Royal Secretaries ("Seungji" 承旨), whose ranks were in the 3rd senior grade, as well as two recorders ("juseo" 注書).
 The duties of the royal secretaries were primarily to deliver the monarch’s orders to government organizations (under the Joseon administrative system the monarch never delivered his orders directly to any government office) and to report on official affairs of the state organizations to the throne.
 The six secretary system is explained by the fact that the government of Joseon was composed of six Boards (or Ministries).
 The six secretaries served respectively the Boards of Personnel, War, Taxation, Rites, Works, and Punishment.
 However, the secretaries were not limited to liaison work between the Six Boards and the monarch; they also reported to the king the business of all government offices, primary among these being the State Council ("Uijeong-bu"), the Office of Censor-General ("Saganwon"), and the Office of Inspector-General ("Saheon-bu").
 As the name implies, the primary duty of the recorders was to make a record of all the official business handled by the secretaries.
 As the work of the secretaries had to be conducted at all hours, and it was required that they have ready access to the monarch at all times, the office the Seungjeongwon was established within easy reach of the king at court.
The Queen's Remembrancer (or King's Remembrancer) is an ancient judicial post in the legal system of England and Wales.
 Since the Lord Chancellor no longer sits as a judge, the Remembrancer is the oldest judicial position in continual existence.
 The post was created in 1154 by King Henry II as the chief official in the Exchequer Court, whose purpose was 'to put the Lord Treasurer and the Barons of Court in remembrance of such things as were to be called upon and dealt with for the benefit of the Crown', a primary duty being to keep records of the taxes, paid and unpaid.
 The first King's Remembrancer was Richard of Ilchester, a senior servant of the Crown and later Bishop of Winchester.
 The King's Remembrancer continued to sit in the Court of the Exchequer until its abolition in 1882.
 The post of Queen's Remembrancer is held by the Senior Master of the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court.
Nawab (Eastern Nagari: নবাব/নওয়াব, Devanagari: नवाब, Perso-Arab: نواب) also spelt Nawaab, Navaab, Navab, Nowab and Nobab is an honorific title ratified and bestowed by the reigning Mughal emperor to semi-autonomous Muslim rulers of princely states in South Asia.
 "Nawab" usually refers to males; the female equivalent is "begum" or "nawab begum".
 The primary duty of a nawab was to uphold the sovereignty of the Mughal emperor along with the administration of a certain province.
The post of Herb Strewer is an obsolete position in the United Kingdom dating back to the late 17th century.
 The primary duty of the Herb Strewer was to distribute herbs and flowers throughout the royal apartments in order to mask less pleasant aromas (such as those from the Thames which at that time, before the construction of London's network of sewers, was particularly unhygienic).
Michigan Conservation Officers are conservation officers who are the enforcement branch of the Michigan Department of Natural Resources.
 Their primary duty is to enforce the environmental laws in the State of Michigan.
 Michigan Conservation Officers are fully commissioned peace officers and are empowered to enforce all the laws of the state of Michigan, with the exception of some traffic law.
 The definition of peace officer under traffic law does not include 'Conservation Officer' and as such, Conservation Officer's are only able to execute traffic stops for violations of general state law or acts ancillary to hunting/conservation law.
The Austrian Pinscher (Österreichischer Pinscher, FCI No. 64) is a medium-sized breed of pinscher-type dog from Austria, where dogs of the type were originally farm dogs, keeping barns free of rats and acting as home guards, livestock guardians, and drovers.
 The name originally given to the breed in 1928 was the "Österreichischer Kurzhaarpinscher" ("Austrian Shorthaired Pinscher") to differentiate it from similarly named breeds, but today in its country of origin the breed is officially called the Österreichischer Pinscher, or Austrian Pinscher in English.
