Sardar Aseff Ahmad Ali is a Pakistani politician who served as the 18th Foreign Minister of Pakistan from 1993 to 1996.
 He was a senior member of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf and Pakistan Peoples Party.
 On 25 December 2011, he joined PTI but resigned when party awarded Khurshid Kasuri National Assembly ticket instead of him.
 He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Kasur in 1994 and again in 2008 by an impressive margin of ten thousand votes.
 He has also served as the Minister for Education (Pakistan) and Federal Minister of Information Technology and Telecommunication between 2008 and 2010.
On 25 December 2010, at least 47 people were killed and over 100 others injured, after a female suicide bomber detonated her explosives in a large crowd of people displaced by fighting, who were collecting food at a distribution centre of the World Food Programme in the Pakistani town of Khar, which is located within the Bajaur tribal region, of north-western Pakistan.
 It was later reported by witnesses, that the bomber dressed in a full-length burka had reportedly thrown a grenade after resisting search, to which then the bomber proceeded to detonate her explosives.
 Several police officials confirmed the bomber was a woman, as opposed to the more likely occurrence of a man wearing the burka as a disguise, in order to successfully conduct this suicide attack.
 It was also known that those in this crowd were predominantly displaced members of the Salarzai Tribe, which has supported Pakistan Army operations against the Pakistani Taliban within the Bajaur tribal regions.
 Those dozens of people injured in this suicide attack were apparently later taken to local hospitals via means of helicopters.
 Local Witnesses, including that of a government official at the main government hospital within the region, Dosti Rehman, claimed that he had personally counted some 40 bodies.
 However there are concerns that the death toll could very likely rise, as the official stated that several of those injured, as a result of this suicide attack were apparently in a critical condition at the local hospitals.
 This particular bombing acts as one of a string of recent suicide attacks, which have occurred with near impunity, predominantly throughout Pakistan's north-western, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, of north-western Pakistan.
 No particular militant group has of yet claimed responsibility for this suicide attack, although the Pakistani Taliban are strong suspects.
 The Bajaur tribal region has reportedly seen several Pakistan Army military operations in recent years, however such suicide attacks still continue throughout the region with near impunity.
 The Pakistani Prime Minister, Yousaf Raza Gillani later condemned this suicide attack, and claimed that such military offensives would continue against the Pakistani Taliban.
 This statement will be met with a certain degree of approval in the U.S, as Pakistan has recently been pressured to launch a major ground-offensive in the nearby North Waziristan tribal region, in order to root-out and destroy the last major remaining safe-haven for Radical Islamist and Pakistani Taliban insurgents within the country.
 The U.N World Food Programme later suspended its food distribution activities in the Bajaur tribal region, as a security precaution to this suicide attack.
 This suicide bombing was strongly condemned by U.S president, Barack Obama.
 The Pakistani Taliban later claimed responsibility for this suicide attack.
 This suicide bombing was officially declared the first such suicide attack to involve a female in Pakistan.
Shaukat Aziz (Urdu: ‎ ) (born 6 March 1949 in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan) is a Pakistani economist and financier who served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 20 August 2004 to 15 November 2007, as well as the Finance Minister of Pakistan from 6 November 1999 to 15 November 2007.
 During his childhood he studied from St Patrick's High School, Karachi.
 Aziz graduated from the Institute of Business Administration in Karachi, and joined the corporate staff of the CitiBank Pakistan in 1969.
 He served in various countries' governments as CitiBank financier, and elevated as executive vice-president of Citibank in 1999.
 After accepting a personal request by General Pervez Musharraf, Aziz returned to Pakistan from the United States to assume the charge of the Finance Ministry as its Finance minister while taking control of the country's economy.
 In 2004, Aziz was nominated by the Musharaf loyalist government led by Pakistan Muslim League (Q), for the position of Prime Minister after the resignation of Zafarullah Khan Jamali on 6 June 2004.
Syed Zaigham Hussain Zaidi was a Pakistani photographer.
 He made his mark working with the Daily Jang in Rawalpindi and later with the Pakistan Times and daily Musawat.
 He was also the personal photographer of the late Zulfikar Ali Bhutto and Benazir Bhutto when they held the office of prime minister.
Mehtab Abbasi (Urdu/Pashto/Hindko: سردار مهتاب احمد خان عباسي ) is a Pakistani politician from Abbottabad who started his political career as an independent candidate in the 1985 election, and after this election subsequently took hold of both the provincial and national assembly seat in his constituency winning repeatedly and without loss until the 2013 election.
 Sardar Mehtab also served as Governor of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan from 2014 to 2016, Chief Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa from 1997 to 1999, and Federal Minister for Railways in 2008.
 He is politically affiliated with Pakistan Muslim League (N).
 He has served as a senator for five years since March 2003, until he won the NA-17 Abbottabad-I seat for the National Assembly of Pakistan in the 2008 general election.
Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy (; Urdu: ‎ ; Bengali: হোসেন শহীদ সোহ্‌রাওয়ার্দী ; 8 September 18925 December 1963) was an East Pakistani politician and statesman in the first half of the 20th century.
 He served as the last Prime Minister of Bengal during the British Raj and following the independence of Pakistan in 1947, he became a leading populist statesman of East Pakistan and served as Prime Minister of Pakistan.
Shahid Hamid (Urdu: ‎ ) was a Pakistani politician who served as the Governor of Punjab from 11 March 1997 to 18 August 1999, during Nawaz Sharif's second term in office as Prime Minister.
 He was affiliated with the Pakistan Muslim League (N).
 He was a lawyer by profession, having been a senior advocate in the Supreme Court of Pakistan and is considered an authoritative legal and constitutional expert of the country.
 He also served as the caretaker Defence Minister of Pakistan from 5 November 1996 to 17 February 1997.
Anwar Aziz Chaudhry (born 1931) is a Pakistani politician and former swimmer.
 He competed in three events at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
 He is a former member of the National Assembly and federal minister.
 He is the Interior Minister of Punjab.
 His son is the Pakistani politician Daniyal Aziz.
 In 1990 he served as Federal Minister of Railways & Law.
 He also served as Federal Minister of Defense.
Anwar Saifullah Khan (Urdu: ‎ ; born 7 June 1945) is a Pakistani politician and industrialist.
 As a member of the Pakistan Muslim League (Junejo), he served in Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's cabinet as Federal Minister of Environment and Urban Affairs from 1990 to 1993 and as Federal Minister for Petroleum and Natural Resources from 1994 to 1996 in coalition with Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.
 He was also elected to the Senate from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in 1990, serving until 1997.
Zulfikar Ali Bhutto (Urdu: ‎ ; Sindhi: ذوالفقار علي ڀُٽو‎ ) ] ) (5 January 1928 – 4 April 1979) was a Pakistani politician who served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1973 to 1977, and prior to that as the fourth President of Pakistan from 1971 to 1973.
 He is revered by his followers in Pakistan as Quaid-i-Awam (Urdu: ‎ People's Leader).
 He was also the founder of the Pakistan People's Party (PPP) and served as its chairman until his execution in 1979.
