The 1990 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology in the 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 The Jackets posted an undefeated 11–0–1 record.
 For the season the Yellow Jackets offense scored 379 points while the defense allowed 186 points.
 Highlights from the season included a nationally televised win over #1 Virginia on the road and a defeat of archrival Georgia for the second consecutive year.
 Georgia Tech capped off the season by defeating Nebraska, 45–21, in the Florida Citrus Bowl.
 Head coach Bobby Ross and the Yellow Jackets were awarded a share of the national championship, winning the UPI Poll title by one vote over Colorado, who won the AP Poll title.
The 1964 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1964 college football season.
 The Yellow Jackets were led by 20th-year head coach Bobby Dodd, and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia.
 They competed as independents for the first time since 1920, after dropping from the Southeastern Conference in 1963.
The 1987 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1987 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 The Yellow Jackets were led by first-year head coach Bobby Ross, and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia, the last season under that name before the stadium was renamed in honor of legendary Georgia Tech head coach Bobby Dodd.
 The team competed as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference, finishing in last and failing to a win a conference game.
The 2012 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Yellow Jackets were led by fifth year head coach Paul Johnson and played their home games at Bobby Dodd Stadium.
 They were members of the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
 They finished the season 7–7, 5–3 in ACC play to share the Coastal Division Championship with Miami and North Carolina.
 With Miami and North Carolina on post seasons bans, Georgia Tech represented the division in the ACC Championship Game where they were defeated by Florida State.
 They were invited to the Sun Bowl where they defeated USC.
The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represents the Georgia Institute of Technology in the sport of American football.
 The Yellow Jackets team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
 Georgia Tech has fielded a football team since 1892 and has an all-time record of 700–471–43 (a .594 winning percentage).
 The Yellow Jackets play in Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia, which has a capacity of 55,000.
 The Yellow Jackets have won four Division I-A college football national championships and fifteen conference titles.
The 1953 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1953 college football season.
 The Yellow Jackets were led by ninth-year head coach Bobby Dodd and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia.
 They finished second in the Southeastern Conference to Alabama, who had upset then-No.
 5 Georgia Tech in Birmingham, giving the Yellow Jackets their first conference loss since 1950.
 The Yellow Jackets were invited to the 1954 Sugar Bowl, where they defeated West Virginia, 42–19.
The 1988 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 The Yellow Jackets were led by second-year head coach Bobby Ross, and played their home games at Bobby Dodd Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia, the first season under that name after it was renamed in honor of the legendary Georgia Tech head coach.
 The team competed as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference, finishing in last and failing to a win a conference game for the second consecutive season.
The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men's basketball team represents the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in NCAA Division I basketball.
 The team plays its home games in McCamish Pavilion on the school's Atlanta campus and is currently coached by Josh Pastner.
 Under the tenure of Bobby Cremins, Georgia Tech established itself as a national force in basketball.
 Cremins led his team to the first ACC tournament victory in school history in 1985 and in 1990 he took Georgia Tech to the school's first Final Four appearance ever.
 Cremins retired from Georgia Tech in 2000 with the school's best winning percentage as a head coach.
 The Yellow Jackets returned to the Final Four in 2004 under Paul Hewitt and lost in the national title game, losing to UConn.
 Overall, the team has won 1,318 games and lost 1,176 games, a .528 win percentage.
The 1980 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 The Yellow Jackets were led by first-year head coach Bill Curry, and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia.
 Georgia Tech struggled mightily under Curry, finishing with one of the worst records in Georgia Tech history with 1 win, 9 losses, and 1 tie.
 A major highlight was achieved, however, when the Yellow Jackets produced a 3–3 tie against the number one team in the country, the undefeated Notre Dame Fighting Irish.
The 1959 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1959 college football season.
 The Yellow Jackets were led by 15th-year head coach Bobby Dodd and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia.
 After winning their first four games of the season, three of which were victories over top ten opponents, Georgia Tech sat at #4 in the AP Poll.
 Georgia Tech's season was derailed by several close losses, however, and they finished the regular season unranked with a 6–4 record.
 They were invited to the Gator Bowl, where they lost to Southwest Conference co-champion Arkansas.
