The American Ruling Class is a 2005 dramatic documentary film written by Lewis H. Lapham and directed by John Kirby that "explores our country’s most taboo topic: class, power and privilege in our nominally democratic republic."
 It seeks to answer the question, "Does America have a ruling class?"
 Its producers consider it the first "dramatic-documentary-musical."
 A rough-cut of the film was shown at the 2005 Tribeca Film Festival, the final version of the film was shown on the Sundance Channel in July 2007, and it had its theatrical premiere at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in April 2008.
"Damage" is a song by American hip hop artist Pharoahe Monch, released as the lead single from his fourth studio album, "P.T.S.D. (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder)".
 Prior to its release date, Pharoahe Monch's independent label, W.A.R. Media, published a visual trailer to YouTube on September 22, 2012.
 The song was officially made available for purchase worldwide on September 27, 2012, on the iTunes Music Store by W.A.R. Media in conjunction with Duck Down Music Inc..
 The Lee Stone-produced song is the final piece to Pharoahe's "bullet" trilogy in which he anthropomorphizes a slug fired with the intent to annihilate, and tackles the issue of gun violence.
 The song and its provide a chilling reminder that bullets have no name.
"The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond", or simply "Loch Lomond" for short, is a well-known traditional Scottish song (Roud No. 9598) first published in 1841 in "Vocal Melodies of Scotland".
 The song prominently features Loch Lomond, the largest Scottish loch, located between the counties of Dunbartonshire and Stirlingshire.
 In Scotland, the song is often the final piece of music played during an evening of revelry (a dance party or dinner, etc.).
"In the Hall of the Mountain King" (Norwegian: "I Dovregubbens hall" ) is a piece of orchestral music composed by Edvard Grieg in 1875 as incidental music for the sixth scene of act 2 in Henrik Ibsen's 1867 play "Peer Gynt".
 It was originally part of Opus 23 but was later extracted as the final piece of "Peer Gynt", Suite No. 1, Op. 46.
 Its easily recognizable theme has helped it attain iconic status in popular culture, where it has been arranged by many artists (See Grieg's music in popular culture).
Robert John Kirby (October 20, 1889 – January 15, 1944) was the Warden of Sing Sing prison from 1941 until 1944.
 Highly regarded for his integrity, Kirby brought respect back to the administration of Sing Sing, and order to the prison after the often controversial tenure of Lewis Lawes.
Peşrev (pronounced ] in Turkish), "Pişrev" ([piʃˈɾev] ), "peshrev," or "pishrev;" called "bashraf" بشرف in Arabic; is an instrumental form in Turkish classical music.
 It is the name of the first piece of music played during a group performance called a fasıl (] ).
 It also serves as the penultimate piece of the "Mevlevi ayini", ritual music of the Mevlevi order, under the name "son peşrev" (final peşrev), preceding "son semai".
 It usually uses long rhythm cycles, stretching over many measures as opposed to the simpler usul the other major form of instrumental music uses, "saz semai".
A keystone (also known as capstone) is the wedge-shaped stone piece at the apex of a masonry arch, or the generally round one at the apex of a vault.
 In both cases it is the final piece placed during construction and locks all the stones into position, allowing the arch or vault to bear weight.
 In both arches and vaults, keystones are often enlarged beyond the structural requirements, and often decorated in some way.
 Keystones are often placed in the centre of the flat top of openings such as doors and windows, essentially for decorative effect.
The Bulgarian dvoyanka is a double flute made of a single piece of wood, with six sound holes on one side.
 It is most frequently made of ash-wood, plum tree, pear tree, cornel or boxwood.
 The tune is played on the right pipe, while the left pipe provides a flat tone (or drone) as accompaniment.
 The playing structure on the right pipe is similar to that of the music played on the kaval.
 The dvoyanka has traditionally been an instrument favored by shepherds.
 Line-dances and lively melodies are frequently played on it.
 It is a known fact that shepherds directed their flocks by their playing, since sheep remember and recognize a melody in time.
 A shepherd could "teach" his flock to start from the pen towards the pasture at one melody, and to return to the village in the evening at another.
 The instrument bears similitudes to the dvojnica, an instrument typical for the regions of Central and Western Serbia and Serbian regions across the river Drina, which is made and played somewhat differently.
The Runaway is the third album from London indie-rock band The Magic Numbers.
 The Stodart and Gannon siblings reveal a rather upbeat side on this offering, compared to their 2006 release "Those the Brokes".
 The album features string arrangements by Robert Kirby (Nick Drake, Elvis Costello), who died in 2009, with "The Runaway" ultimately proving to be his final piece of work.
John Kirby (December 31, 1908 – June 14, 1952), was a jazz double-bassist who also played trombone and tuba.
 In addition to sideman work (prominently with Benny Goodman), Kirby is remembered for leading a successful chamber jazz sextet in the late 1930s and early 1940s, which scored several hit songs including "Loch Lomond" and the debut recording of "Undecided", a jazz standard.
