Pittosporum kirkii is a glabrous evergreen perennial shrub that reaches up to 5 m in height and possesses distinctive coriaceous, fleshy, thick leaves.
 It is one of four shrubs endemic to New Zealand that frequently displays an epiphytic lifestyle.
 "P. kirkii" is commonly epiphytic, perched amongst nest epiphytes in the canopies of emergent or canopy trees in old-growth forest; however, it can be observed occasionally growing on the ground or over rocks (in a rupestral lifestyle).
 The type locality of "P. kirkii" is Great Barrier Island.
 It was first described by Joseph Dalton Hooker from material collected by Thomas Kirk, published in 1869.
 The initial brief description titled "Pittosporum n. sp.
?"
 by Thomas Kirk was published in his paper on Great Barrier Island in 1868.
 This description along with herbarium specimens were sent to Dr. J. D Hooker at Kew Gardens in 1868, and he collaborated to name it after T. Kirk, by giving it the specific epithet "kirkii" within the publication that was otherwise written by Kirk.
The Agricultural Museum was the first agricultural periodical magazine published in the United States, first printed July 4, 1810.
<ref name ="Kane/Barnett"> Kane, p. 13: "The first agricultural journal was the "Agricultural Museum", a sixteen-page octavo issued July 4, 1810, under the sponsorship of the Columbian Agricultural Society.
 It was edited by Rev. David Wiley and printed by W. A. Rind at Georgetown, B.C.
 The first volume was semi-monthly, but beginning with volume two it was issued monthly.
 Subscription was $2.50 for 24 numbers.
 Publication ceased May 1812.
 (Agricultural History.
 April 1928.
 Vol.
 2 No. 2, pp. 99-102 "In the references to the history of the agricultural literature of the United States, The American Farmer, the first number of which was published in Baltimore on April 2, 1819, is quite generally given the honor of being the first agricultural periodical published in the United States.
 It is without doubt rightfully considered the great precursor of our present agricultural periodical press, but there was another little known agricultural periodical which actually preceded The American Farmer by nearly nine years and which, it is believed, is entitled to the distinction of being the first agricultural journal published in this country.
 The name of it was The Agricultural Museum, and the first number appeared on July 4, 1810.
 Its place of publication was Georgetown in the District of Columbia, or "George- town, Ca."
 as it is given on the publication.
 It was printed by W. A. Rind.
 The editor of the periodical was Rev. David Wiley.")"
</ref>
The American Jewish Year Book (AJYB) has been published since 1899.
 Publication was initiated by the Jewish Publication Society (JPS).
 In 1908, the American Jewish Committee (AJC) assumed responsibility for compilation and editing while JPS remained the publisher.
 From 1950 through 1993, the two organizations were co-publishers, and from 1994 to 2008 AJC became the sole publisher.
 From 2012 to the present, Springer has published the "Year Book" as an academic publication.
 The book is published in cooperation with the Berman Jewish DataBank and the Association for the Social Scientific Study of Jewry.
Publication bias is a type of bias that occurs in published academic research.
 It occurs when the outcome of an experiment or research study influences the decision whether to publish or otherwise distribute it.
 Publication bias matters because literature reviews regarding support for a hypothesis can be biased if the original literature is contaminated by publication bias.
 Publishing only results that show a significant finding disturbs the balance of findings.
The Morning Chronicle was a newspaper founded in 1769 in London, England, and published under various owners until 1862, when its publication was suspended, with two subsequent attempts at continued publication.
 From 28 June 1769 to March 1789 it was published under the name "The Morning Chronicle, and London Advertiser".
 From 1789 to its final publication in 1865, it was published under the name "The Morning Chronicle".
 It was notable for having been the first steady employer of essayist William Hazlitt as a political reporter, and the first steady employer of Charles Dickens as a journalist; for publishing the articles by Henry Mayhew that were collected and published in book format in 1851 as "London Labour and the London Poor"; and for publishing other major writers, such as John Stuart Mill.
Type 346 radar is a highly digitized, multi-function, dual-band (S and C bands) naval active phased array radar (APAR) installed on Type 052C destroyers, Type 052D destroyers and Type 055 destroyers of the PLAN.
 The radar is named as the Star of the Sea (Hai-Zhi-Xing, 海之星) by its developer and it is one of the two competitors for PLAN’s SAPARS (Shipborne Active Phased Array Radar System) project/program.
 Due to its secrecy and lack of information, Type 346 radar has been frequently but erroneously confused with a Chinese fire control radar Type 348, and mistakenly identified as Type 348 by many sources.
 Furthermore, it is also frequently confused with and misidentified as Sea Lion series C-band phased array radars developed by another design house.
The Class Struggle was a bi-monthly Marxist theoretical magazine published in New York City by the Socialist Publication Society.
 The SPS also published a series of pamphlets, mostly reprints from the magazine during the short period of its existence.
 Among the initial editors of the publication were Ludwig Lore, Marxist theoreticians Louis B. Boudin and Louis C. Fraina, the former of whom left the publication in 1918.
 In the third and final year of the periodical, "The Class Struggle" emerged as one of the primary English-language voices of the left wing factions within the American Socialist Party and its final issue was published in 1919 by the nascent Communist Labor Party of America.
"Top Pops" is a former British weekly pop music newspaper.
 It was founded as a monthly publication by Woodrow Wyatt in May 1967, becoming fortnightly in November 1967.
 On 25 May 1968, editor Colin Bostock-Smith began compiling a singles sales chart using a telephone sample of approximately twelve W H Smith & Son stores – the first single to reach number one on the "Top Pops" chart was "Young Girl" by Gary Puckett & The Union Gap.
 The charts and paper were published weekly with effect from 22 June 1968.
 On 20 September 1969 the paper was rebranded "Top Pops & Music Now", and subsequently became "Music Now" from 21 March 1970 – at this point the chart was sampling between 30 and 40 stores.
 From 27 February 1971 the chart was no longer published and in May 1971 the newspaper ceased publication.
 During the publication of the chart, 55 different singles reached number one.
 The only one to be knocked off number one and then regain the top spot was "Mony Mony" by Tommy James and the Shondells.
 The final chart-topper was "My Sweet Lord" by George Harrison.
The Mainz Psalter was the second major book printed with movable type in the West; the first was the Gutenberg Bible.
 It is a psalter commissioned by the Mainz archbishop in 1457.
 The Psalter introduced several innovations: it was the first book to feature a printed date of publication, a printed colophon, two sizes of type, printed decorative initials, and the first to be printed in three colours.
 The colophon also contains the first example of a printer's mark.
 It was the first important publication issued by Johann Fust and Peter Schoeffer following their split from Johannes Gutenberg.
The Theory of Evolution is a book by English evolutionary biologist and geneticist John Maynard Smith, originally published in 1958 in time for 150th anniversary of the birth of Charles Darwin and the centenary of the publication of "The Origin of Species" the following year.
 It serves as a general introduction to the eponymous subject, intended to be accessible to those with little technical knowledge of the area.
 It has been highly successful, considered by many as the definitive publication of its type.
 The original version was updated several times, and a "Canto" edition, with a foreword by Richard Dawkins, and newly written introduction by the author, was published in 1996.
