Dansk-svensk gårdshund (Danish–Swedish Farmdog) is a Pure breed of dog that has its origin in Denmark and southern Sweden, but now has become popular all over Scandinavia.
 DSF is an old native breed which historically lived on farms in the eastern part of Denmark and southernmost part of Sweden (i.e. on both sides of The Sound, the narrow strait that separates the Danish island of Zealand from the southern tip of the Scandinavian peninsula), serving as a farmdog, guarding their people, farmed animals and the farm itself from strangers and intruders, catching rats and as a hunting dog.
 There are some indications that the breed originates from the Pinscher breeds and the British white hunting terriers. DSF has a soft and gentle temperament, but still has the strength to guard its family.
The breed originates from Asia Minor.
 It came to Hungary at the end of the 18th century through Balkans and Romania, these former Hungarian names prove the fact: Zombori sheep, Oláh sheep but they called it berke too (nowadays they call it Cigája).
 Its name originates from the Romanian þigáie word.
 It has become widely spread because people bred it for three different things: its flesh, its milk and its soft wool.
 Lots of Transylvanian farmers changed their ordinary sheep to Tsigai, because people bought its wool much more.
 Although it was a mountain sheep it adapted to lowlands really fast.
 Most of the Tsigais were kept between the Danube and the Tisza, and this is where they remained breed them after the I. World War too.
 In Hungary it's not an endangered species but they are living in small stocks.
 In Moldova it is the leading breed of sheep, and it is also important in Romania and Slovakia.
The Chinese Shar-Pei, is a breed of dog known for its distinctive features of deep wrinkles and a blue-black tongue.
 The breed originates from Canton, China.
 The English name (沙皮, pinyin: "shā pí"; probably derived from British spelling of the Cantonese equivalent, "sā pèih") translates to "sand skin" and refers to the texture of its short, rough coat.
 As puppies, Shar Pei have numerous wrinkles, but as they mature, these loosen and spread out as they "grow into their skin".
 Shar Pei were named in 1978 as one of the world's rarest dog breeds by "TIME" magazine and the "Guinness World Records".
 Although the Shar Pei has been identified as a basal breed that predates the emergence of the modern breeds in the 19th century, the American Kennel Club did not recognize it as a breed until 1992.
The Lancashire Heeler is a small breed of dog developed for use as a drover and herder of cattle.
 The Lancashire Heeler is listed by the Kennel Club (UK) as a vulnerable breed.
The Russian Tracker or Russian Retriever is an extinct breed of domestic dog.
 It is uncertain when precisely the breed ceased to exist; it could still be found in the late 1800s.
 The Tracker was of Asiatic Russian origin.
 It was used for hundreds of years to protect and herd the flocks of the Indo-Aryan people in the wind-beaten, snow-swept Caucasus Mountains.
Broughton Strait is a strait off the north coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, separating that island from Malcolm and Cormorant Islands, on the farther side of which is the larger Queen Charlotte Strait, which also lies beyond the western end of Brouhgton Strait, and the mouth of Knight Inlet.
 Farther east from Broughton Strait is the beginning of Johnstone Strait, which leads via Discovery Passage to the Strait of Georgia.
The Northern Shuswap Tribal Council is a First Nations government in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Based in the Cariboo District of the Central Interior, it is one of two tribal councils of the Secwepemc people, the other being the Shuswap Nation Tribal Council of the Thompson-Shuswap region farther south.
The Shuswap Nation Tribal Council is a First Nations Tribal Council in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Based in the Thompson and Shuswap Districts of the Central Interior, although including one band on the upper Columbia River in the East Kootenay region.
 It is one of two tribal councils of the Secwepemc people, the other being the Northern Shuswap Tribal Council of the Cariboo region farther to the north.
 The council is based in Kamloops, British Columbia.
A breed standard (also called bench standard or the standard) in the dog fancy is a set of guidelines covering specific "externally observable" qualities such as "appearance", "movement", and "temperament" for that dog breed.
 Breed standards are not scientific documents, but are written for each breed by clubs of hobbyists called breed clubs for their own specific requirements.
 Details and definitions within breed standards for a specific dog breed may vary from breed club to breed club and from country to country.
 Dog breed standards are similar in form and function to breed standards for other domesticated animals.
The Koolie (also known as the Australian Koolie or by the misnomer German Coolie) is an Australian dog breed.
 The Koolie is a working or herding dog which has existed in Australia since the early 19th century when it was bred from imported British working dogs.
 Robert Kaleski, in an article on Cattle Dogs in the August 1903 issue of the Agricultural Gazette of New South Wales, describes the "Welsh heeler or merle, erroneously known as the German collie," as a "blue-gray dog about the size and build of a smooth-haired collie, generally with wall eyes."
 The British background predominated in the dogs that came to be associated with the "German collie" name.
