The Center for Pan Asian Community Services, Inc. (CPACS) is 501(c)(3), private, nonprofit human services organization in metropolitan Atlanta, headquartered in northern DeKalb County, Georgia, United States of America.
 The organization was founded in 1980 and provides broad services for American citizens and non-citizens of all race, ethnicity, and national origin.
 The organization's primary services include community health, social services, housing, senior services, translation and interpretation, transportation services, education and enrichment programs for children, youth, and families, community education, legal and immigration assistance, counseling, advocacy, and research.
 CPACS's core objective is to help immigrants and refugees achieve the American Dream.
 The center operates the CPACS Cosmo Health Center, a Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC) that serves populations with limited access to health care.
 Since 2005, the organization has held the Tea Walk, a two-mile empowerment walk along the Buford Highway Corridor to celebrate community diversity and promote civic engagement.
 CPACS is a member of the Association of Asian Pacific Community Health Organizations (AAPCHO), which is part of the National Council of Asian Pacific Americans.
 CPACS is one of the first and largest Asian American and Pacific Islander human services agencies in the Southeastern United States.
The University of Florida Health Science Center (HSC), also known as the J. Hillis Miller Health Science Center, is the medical division of the University of Florida.
 Its primary campuses are located on the university's main campus in Gainesville, Florida and at UF Health at Jacksonville in Jacksonville, Florida.
 The Health Science Center comprises six colleges: Dentistry, Medicine, Nursing, Pharmacy, Public Health and Health Professions, and Veterinary Medicine.
 The Gainesville campus is the only academic health center in the United States with six health-related colleges located on a single, contiguous campus.
 The facility was named after the fourth president of the University of Florida, J. Hillis Miller, Sr., who served from 1947 to 1953.
 Miller spearheaded the effort to fund and build the university's College of Medicine and its teaching hospital, which were incorporated into the Health Science Center.
The Public Health Service Act of 1944 structured the United States Public Health Service (PHS), founded in 1798, as the primary division of the U.S. Department of Health, Education and Welfare (HEW; which was established in 1953), which later became the United States Department of Health and Human Services in 1979–1980 (when the Education agencies were separated into their own U.S. Department of Education).
 The Office of the Surgeon General was created in 1871.
 The PHS comprises all Agency Divisions of Health and Human Services and the Commissioned Corps.
 The Assistant Secretary for Health (ASH) oversees the PHS and the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.
The Supporting Healthy Marriage Project (SHM) is part of the Healthy Marriage Initiative funded by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Children and Families, that was launched in 2003 as "the first large-scale, multisite, multiyear, rigorous test of marriage education programs for low-income married couples".
 The project is motivated by research that "indicates that married adults and children raised by both parents in stable, low-conflict households do better on a host of outcomes".
 The evaluation is led by MDRC, in collaboration with Abt Associates and other partners.
 USASpending.gov reports payments of more than $30 million from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to MDRC for work on the Supporting Healthy Marriage Project from 2009 to 2012.
New Bolton Center is the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine’s 700 acre campus in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania.
 It is home to one of the busiest large animal teaching veterinary clinics in the nation.
 Since 1958, it has been located at the former South Brook Farm.
 Founded in 1964 with contributions from equestrienne Esther du Pont Thouron and others, each year the George D. Widener Hospital for Large Animals (named for horseman George D. Widener, Jr.) sees more than 4,000 patient visits, and its Field Service sees more than 31,000 patient visits.
 In addition to its role as one of the nation’s finest equine surgical facilities, New Bolton Center encompasses hospital facilities for the care of large animals and livestock as well as diagnostic laboratories serving the agriculture industry and the monitoring of emerging infectious disease.
 Prior to the opening of "New" Bolton Center in 1952, the old Bolton Mansion in Levittown was the site of the farm for the School of Veterinary Medicine.
Brenda McCowan is a research behaviorist interested in evolutionary, biological, and ecological aspects of animal behavior and communication.
 Her work focuses on improving the health and welfare of domesticated production animals, captive species (zoo, laboratory), and wildlife using applied animal behavior and bioacoustics.
 She received her BS in Animal Physiology from Cornell University in 1985, and her PhD in Biological Anthropology from Harvard University in 1994.
 Dr. McCowan is the Program Head of Primate Behavioral Management at California National Primate Research Center, a position she has held since 2004.
 Dr. McCowan has been on the faculty at the University of California – Davis since 1999, and is currently an Associate Adjunct Professor in the Department of Population Health and Reproduction at the UC Davis School of Veterinary Medicine.
 She also heads the McCowan Lab of Behavioral Management at UC Davis School of Veterinary Medicine.
 Dr. McCowan is also affiliated with the Alaska Whale Foundation, SETI Institute, Hubbs-Sea World Institute, and Santa Fe Institute.
The Ontario Veterinary College (OVC) is the oldest veterinary school in Canada.
 It is located on the campus of the University of Guelph in Guelph, Ontario.
 The OVC is one of five veterinary schools that offer the Doctor of Veterinary Medicine, DVM program in Canada.
 The OVC was ranked 1st in Canada and 4th in the world for veterinary medicine by the QS World University Rankings 2015.
Tomori was born in Ilesa, Osun State, Nigeria on 3 February 1946.
 He received a Doctor of Veterinary Medicine(DVM) from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria as well as a Doctorate degree, Ph.D in virology from the University of Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria where he was appointed professor of virology in 1981, the same year he received the United State of America Department of Health and Human Services Public Health Service Certificate for contributions to Lassa Fever Research.
 Three years (1984) after his appointment as a professor of virology, he was appointed the head of the Department of Virology.
 At the University of Ibadan Tomori's research interest focuses on viral infections including Ebola Hemorrhagic Fever, Yellow Fever, Lassa Fever.
 He served as the Regional Virologist for the World Health Organization Africa Region ( 1994-2004) before he was appointed as the pioneer vice chancellor of Redeemer's University, Ogun State, Nigeria, a tenure that ended in 2011.
The Evidence-Based Veterinary Medical Association (EBVMA) is an international, non-profit (501(c)3) professional organization founded with the mission of better organizing the emerging veterinary research, training, and practice of evidence-based veterinary medicine (EBVM) — the formal strategy to integrate the best critically designed and statistically evaluated research available combined with clinical expertise as well as the unique needs or wishes of each client in clinical practice.
 EBVM draws from and parallels the evidence-based medicine movement in human medicine.
Western University of Health Sciences (WesternU) is a private, non-profit, graduate school for the health professions, with a main campus located on 22 acre in downtown Pomona, California, and an additional medical school campus on 50 acres in Lebanon, Oregon.
 WesternU offers degrees in osteopathic medicine, dental medicine, optometry, podiatric medicine, nursing, physician assistant studies, physical therapy, pharmacy, biomedical sciences, and veterinary medicine.
 With an enrollment of 3,839 students (2016–17), WesternU is one of the largest graduate schools for the health professions in California, offering 21 academic programs in nine colleges.
 The university also operates two patient care centers, and has a pet wellness center on its Pomona campus.
 The WesternU Pomona campus is also home to the Center for Oral Health (a non-profit organization focusing on promoting oral health), the Southern California Museum of Medical History, and the Harris Family Center for Disability and Health Policy.
