Sicut Dudum (English: "Just As Long Ago" ) is a papal bull promulgated by Pope Eugene IV in Florence on January 13, 1435, which forbade the enslavement of local natives in the Canary Islands who had converted or were converting to Christianity.
 "Sicut Dudum" was meant to reinforce "Creator Omnium", issued the previous year, condemning Portuguese slave raids in the Canary Islands.
 Over forty years after "Creator Omnium" and "Sicut Dudum, Pope Sixtus IV found it necessary repeat the prohibition in his papal bull "Regimini Gregis" which threatened the excommunication of all captains or pirates who enslaved Christians.
Chiguata is a district located in the Arequipa province, 30 km away from the city of Arequipa, Peru, on the slopes of the volcano Pikchu Pikchu (where at its summit pre-Inca worshipped remains and artifacts have been found).
 The name "chiguata" comes from the Quechua words "chiri" meaning "cold" and "wata" meaning "year" (cold all year).
 Ancient Chiguata was inhabited by the local natives until the arrival of Spanish influence in charge of the emissary Diego Hernández de Córdova in 1540.
 Soon after, the construction of a small plaza was initiated, and according to the Dominican religious order and local sources, the plaza's "Templo del Espíritu Santo" ("Sacred Spirit temple") along with its domes and lateral cover was not begun until 1739.
 The design of the temple is quite interesting, with two angels in feathered nightwear and their arms lifted vertically, separated by twelve fringes of rectangular flowers which add to the whole decoration of the temple.
 Cherubs also decorate the circular cornice, along with four saints in full-length reliefs that occupy the "pechinas" of the columns that sustain the temple's dome, which is considered one of the most original works of the colony and now visited by occasional tourists.
Hummingbird is the second studio album by American indie rock band Local Natives, released on January 29, 2013 on Frenchkiss Records in the US, and on Infectious Records in Europe.
 Produced by The National guitarist Aaron Dessner, the album was preceded by the singles, "Breakers" and "Heavy Feet."
 "Breakers" reached #12 on the Billboard Top 200.
 The song "Mt. Washington" was also featured in the 2015 video game "Life Is Strange".
Local Natives (previously known as Cavil at Rest) is an American indie rock band based in Silver Lake, Los Angeles, California, United States.
 Their debut album, "Gorilla Manor", was first released in the UK in November 2009, and later released in the US on February 16, 2010.
 The album received mostly positive reviews and debuted in the Billboard 200 and at No. 3 in the New Artist Chart.
 Their second album, "Hummingbird", was released in January 2013.
 Their third album, "Sunlit Youth", was released in September 2016.
William Pynchon (October 11, 1590 – October 29, 1662) was an English colonist and fur trader in North America best known as the founder of Springfield, Massachusetts, USA.
 He was also a colonial treasurer, original patentee of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, and the iconoclastic author of the New World's first banned book.
 An original settler of Roxbury, Massachusetts, Pynchon became dissatisfied with that town's notoriously rocky soil and in 1635, led the initial settlement expedition to Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, where he found exceptionally fertile soil and a fine spot for conducting trade.
 In 1636, he returned to officially purchase its land, then known as "Agawam."
 In 1640, Springfield was officially renamed after Pynchon's home village, now a suburb of Chelmsford in Essex, England — due to Pynchon's grace following a dispute with Hartford, Connecticut's Captain John Mason over, essentially, whether to treat local natives as friends or enemies.
 (Pynchon was a man of peace and also very business-minded — thus he advocated for friendship with the region's natives.)
 Pynchon's stance led to Springfield aligning with the faraway government of the Massachusetts Bay Colony rather than the more geographically and ideologically compatible Connecticut Colony.
Gwendolyn Elaine Armstrong was a black Mississippi pioneer in the Civil Rights Movement.
 In September, 1965, she and Raylawni Branch, both local natives, integrated the University of Southern Mississippi at Hattiesburg.
 They thus completed the process of breaking the segregation barriers at Mississippi’s universities which had been begun by Clyde Kennard at (then) Mississippi Southern College (1956–61) and carried forward by James Meredith at the University of Mississippi (September, 1962) and Richard Holmes at Mississippi State University (July, 1965).
The Mendocino War was a violent conflict from July 1859 to January 18, 1860, between white settlers and local natives (mainly Yuki tribes) in Mendocino County, California.
 It was caused by settler intrusion and slave raids on native lands and subsequent native retaliation, resulting in the deaths of hundreds of natives.
 In 1859, a band of locally sponsored rangers led by Walter S. Jarboe, called the Eel River Rangers, raided the countryside in an effort to remove natives from settler territory and move them onto the Nome Cult Farm, an area near the Mendocino Indian Reservation.
 By the time the Eel River Rangers were disbanded in 1860, Jarboe and his men had killed 283 warriors, captured 292, killed countless women and children, and only suffered 5 casualties themselves in just 23 engagements.
 The bill to the state for the rangers’ services amounted to $11,143.43.
 Scholars, however, state that the damage to the area and natives in particular was even higher than reported, especially given the vast number of raiding parties formed outside of the Eel River Rangers.
 Frustrated with the inadequacy of federal protection, settlers formed their own raiding parties against the natives, joining Jarboe in his mission to rid Round Valley of its native population.
 Those that survived were moved to the Nome Cult Farm, where they experienced hardships typical of the reservation system of the day.
 After the conflict, contemporaries claimed that the conflict was more of a slaughter than a war, and later historians have labeled it a genocide.
Hermanus van Wyk (1835–1905) was the first Kaptein of the Baster community at Rehoboth in South-West Africa, today Namibia.
 Under his leadership, the mixed-race Basters moved from the Northern Cape to leave white racial discrimination, and migrated into the interior of what is now central Namibia; the first 30 families settled about 1870.
 They acquired land from local natives and were joined by additional Baster families over the following years.
 The people developed a constitution, called the Paternal Laws.The people relied on managing herds of sheep, goats and cattle as the basis of their economy.
Drakensberger Cattle are a breed of cattle indigenous to South Africa that were developed over several centuries.
 In 1497 Vasco de Gama acquired a black ox from local natives and loved the meat.
 Drakensberger cattle have the honor of being history's first recorded black cattle on the Cape of Africa, they were also called Uys Cattle until 1947.
 They have the following characteristics they adapt well to local conditions, tender and succulent meat, exceptionally long breeding life, low mortality, high milk production, outstanding mother's, and are good-tempered.
Chief is a four-person band from Santa Monica, California, stationed in Los Angeles, California.
 Chief has released three singles entitled "Mighty Proud," "Breaking Walls", and "Night And Day," as well as an EP called "The Castle Is Gone" and their debut and only full album, "Modern Rituals".
 All of these releases (except for the EP which was released under their own record label) have been via Domino Records.
 They have been compared to bands such as Coldplay and Local Natives by "The New York Times".
 The "Times" goes on to say "Mr. Koga can sound like the young Tom Petty."
 Other reviews of Chief have similarly been generally good.
 On June 14, 2011, they played their farewell show at The Troubadour but began performing together again one year later.
