The Tutor is the 1950 adaptation, by 20th century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht, of an 18th-century play by Lenz.
 The original Lenz play was produced in 1774 and is also known by the title "The Advantages of a Private Education".
 Brecht contributed few additions to the plot of the original work, but made many cuts and alterations.
 Brecht's work is two thirds the length of the original play and over half the material is new.
 The play was Brecht's first production which featured work from the German Classical Era for the Berliner Ensemble.
 Overall, it was the third production the Berliner Ensemble performed.
 Brecht himself directed this production.
 'The Tutor' was translated by Ralph Manheim and Wolfgang Sauerlander.
The Portland Youth Philharmonic (PYP) is the oldest youth orchestra in the United States, established in 1924 as the Portland Junior Symphony (PJS).
 Now based in Portland, Oregon, the orchestra's origin dates back to 1910 when music teacher Mary V. Dodge began playing music for local children in Burns.
 Dodge purchased instruments for the children and organized the orchestra which would become known as the Sagebrush Symphony Orchestra.
 After touring throughout the U.S. state of Oregon, including a performance at the Oregon State Fair in Salem, the orchestra disbanded in 1918 when Dodge moved to Portland.
 There, Dodge opened a violin school and became music director of the Irvington School Orchestra.
 Hoping to create a permanent youth symphony, Dodge approached Jacques Gershkovitch in 1924 to lead the orchestra as music director of the Portland Junior Symphony.
 The ensemble performed for the first time in 1925, and by the 1930s PJS concerts were being broadcast nationally.
 Following Gershkovitch's death in 1953, alumnus Jacob Avshalomov became the orchestra's music director.
 The ensemble's name was changed to the Portland Youth Philharmonic in 1978.
Boykan was born in New York City.
 He studied composition first with Walter Piston at Harvard, where he received a BA in 1951.
 He then went to Zürich to study with Paul Hindemith, with whom he continued his studies at Yale University, earning an MM in 1953.
 Subsequently, he went to Vienna on a Fulbright scholarship .
 He also studied composition with Aaron Copland at Tanglewood (1949, 1950), and piano with Eduard Steuermann.
 Upon his return to the United States in 1955 he founded the Brandeis Chamber Ensemble, whose other members included Robert Koff (Juilliard String Quartet), Nancy Cirillo (Wellesley), Eugene Lehner (Kolisch Quartet), and Madeline Foley (Marlboro Festival).
 This ensemble performed widely with a repertory divided equally between contemporary music and the tradition.
 At the same time Boykan appeared regularly as a pianist with soloists such as Joseph Silverstein and Jan DeGaetani.
 In 1964–65, he was the pianist with the Boston Symphony Orchestra under Erich Leinsdorf.
The Conservatory String Quartet (CSQ) was a Canadian string quartet in residence at The Royal Conservatory of Music during the first half of the 20th century.
 The group actively performed in the Toronto area and regularly toured throughout the Province of Ontario.
 The quartet also notably toured to Montreal in 1942 and 1943.
 The ensemble performed not only the standard string quartet repertoire but also performed new works by contemporary Canadian composers like Patricia Blomfield Holt, Walter MacNutt, and John Weinzweig.
 The ensemble was also heard many times on CBC Radio but never produced any recordings.
Der Widerspänstigen Zähmung (also: Der Widerspenstigen Zähmung ) (English: "The Taming of the Shrew") is a German-language comic opera in four acts by the German composer Hermann Goetz.
 It was written between 1868 and 1872 and first performed at the National Theatre Mannheim on 11 October 1874 under the conductor Ernst Frank.
 The libretto, by and the composer, is based on Shakespeare's "The Taming of the Shrew".
 The style of the opera shows Goetz turning away from the musical ideas of Richard Wagner towards the classicism of Mozart.
 "Der Widerspänstigen Zähmung " was a huge success, not only in Germany but in the United States and in Great Britain, where it received high praise from George Bernard Shaw.
Pacific Edge Voices (formerly The Pacific Mozart Ensemble (PME)) is a volunteer choral organization based in Berkeley, CA.
 The group was formed to provide a chorus of professional quality for highly skilled and experienced singers who did not wish to make singing a full-time profession.
 It was to be large enough to perform the major concert literature, but small enough to remain highly selective.
 PEV presents a wide range of choral musical styles, including, but not limited to, traditional choral literature, new works by contemporary composers and a cappella jazz and pop.
 PEV performs at least three self-produced concerts sets each year, along with various collaborations, often with prominent artists including Dave Brubeck, Meredith Monk, Kent Nagano & Sufjan Stevens.
 The first and second concerts of the year (typically Nov and March) are classically oriented programs.
 Over the years these programs have tended toward 20th-century composers.
 The chorus has become known around the San Francisco Bay Area for its innovative programming.
 A particular highlight came in 2002 when the chorus performed Kurt Weill’s Der Lindberghflug alongside works by Philip Glass, Meredith Monk and David Lang.
 The concert was presented in the East Bay on the aircraft carrier Hornet and in San Francisco in the newly constructed Aviation Museum at SFO.
 The 3rd concert set each year is an all a cappella ‘pops’ concert featuring the group in various formations from 2 up to 50, performing arrangements of jazz, pop, rock, & folk tunes.
The Flight across the Ocean ("Der Ozeanflug") is a "Lehrstück" by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht, inspired by "We", Charles Lindbergh's 1927 account of his transatlantic flight.
 Written for the Baden-Baden Music Festival, it was originally entitled "Lindbergh's Flight" ("Der Lindberghflug") and premiered in 1929 with music by Kurt Weill and Paul Hindemith in a broadcast by the Southwest German Radio Orchestra under the direction of Hermann Scherchen.
Violin Sonata No. 33 in E-flat major (K. 481) was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in Vienna on December 12, 1785.
 It was published on its own by Franz Anton Hoffmeister, a German composer and music publisher to whom Mozart's String Quartet No. 20 (K. 499) is dedicated.
 While much is unknown about the history of this sonata, it is nevertheless a very mature work, written in what one may call Mozart's period of greatest mastery (during his life in Vienna).
Zeitoper (German: "opera of the time") was a short-lived genre of opera associated with Weimar Germany.
 It is not known when or by whom the term was coined, but by 1928 Kurt Weill ("Zeitoper" in "Melos") was able to complain that it was more a slogan than a description.
 Like "opera buffa" it used contemporary settings and characters, comic or at least satiric plots ('s "Maschinist Hopkins" is a sole tragic example) and aimed at musical accessibility.
 Two distinguishing characteristics are a tendency to incorporate modern technology ("Jonny spielt auf": trains, "Der Lindberghflug": airplanes, "Von Heute auf Morgen": telephones, and even elevators) and frequent allusions to popular music, especially jazz.
 This last, more than any social satire, earned the suspicion of the political right and ensured that it would not survive into the Nazi era.
The University of Utah Singers (UU Singers) was the premier choral ensemble at the University of Utah until 2010.
 The ensemble was organized in 2003 by Dr. Brady R. Allred.
 Composed of approximately 45 voices, the ensemble performed repertoire from a wide range of musical styles and eras.
 In their short history, UU Singers achieved both national and international acclaim, winning the Grand Prize at the 2005 Florilège Vocal de Tours International Choir Competition in Tours, France, winning the European Grand Prix Choral Competition in Tolosa, Spain in 2006, winning first prize at the 11th International Chamber Choir Competition Marktoberdorf in 2009, participating in the 19th Festival “Choralies de Vaison-la-Romaine” in France and the 37th Abu Gosh international vocal music festival near Jerusalem.
 The UU Singers performed in concerts throughout England, France, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Croatia, Slovenia, Austria, Germany and Israel on five international concert tours, and has appeared on French national television at the Nancy International Choir Festival.
