LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Deborah Dickson, Susan Frömke and Albert Maysles.
 It was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 74th Academy Awards.
Keith Richards (born 18 December 1943) is an English guitarist, singer, songwriter, and author, best known as a founder member of the rock band the Rolling Stones. "
Rolling Stone" magazine credited Richards for "rock's greatest single body of riffs" on guitar and ranked him 4th on its list of 100 best guitarists.
 Fourteen songs that Richards wrote with the Rolling Stones' lead vocalist Mick Jagger are listed among "Rolling Stone" magazine's "500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
 The Stones are generally known for their guitar interplay of rhythm and lead ("weaving") between Richards and Brian Jones, Mick Taylor and Ronnie Wood over the years.
 In spite of this, Richards plays the only guitar tracks on some of their most famous songs including "Paint It Black", "Ruby Tuesday", "Sympathy for the Devil" and "Gimme Shelter".
Merry Clayton (born December 25, 1948) is an American soul and gospel singer and an actress.
 She provided a number of backing vocal tracks for major performing artists in the 1960s, most notably in her duet with Mick Jagger on the Rolling Stones song "Gimme Shelter."
 Clayton is featured in "20 Feet from Stardom", the Oscar-winning documentary about background singers and their contributions to the music industry.
 In 2013, she released "The Best of Merry Clayton", a compilation of her favorite songs.
Gimme Shelter is a 1970 documentary film directed by Albert and David Maysles and Charlotte Zwerin chronicling the last weeks of The Rolling Stones' 1969 US tour which culminated in the disastrous Altamont Free Concert.
 The film is named after "Gimme Shelter", the lead track from the group's 1969 album "Let It Bleed".
 The film was screened at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival, but was not entered into the main competition.
Wenzell Baird Bryant (Columbus, Indiana, December 12, 1927 – Hemet, California, November 13, 2008) was an American filmmaker.
 He is best known as the cameraman on the Albert Maysles film "Gimme Shelter" who filmed the fatal stabbing of Rolling Stones concertgoer Meredith Hunter by Hells Angel Alan Passaro at the Altamont Free Concert in December 1969.
Gimme Shelter is a compilation by The Rolling Stones, released on Decca Records in 1971.
 It reached #19 on the U.K chart.
"Gimme Shelter" is the opening track to the 1969 album Let It Bleed by the Rolling Stones.
 Although the first word was spelled "Gimmie" on that album, subsequent recordings by the band and other musicians have made "Gimme" the customary spelling.
 Greil Marcus, writing in "Rolling Stone" magazine at the time of its release, praised the song, stating that the band has "never done anything better."
Alamont Diary is the debut album by Melbourne electronica band Black Cab.
 Released in 2004, it is a concept album based on the ill-fated 1969 free concert at Altamont Speedway in California headlined by the Rolling Stones.
 The album, whose genre is described a psych-country, features audio samples of former Stones tour manager Sam Cutler, taken from the 1970 documentary film "Gimme Shelter".
"Gimme Shelter" is a song by The Rolling Stones.
Stanton Hill is an American broadcast producer and voice actor.
 He has produced television commercials for clients such as Pepsi, Activision, Nissan, Budweiser, McDonald's, Energizer, Jimmy Dean, and Visa.
 In 2007 he produced the award winning short film "Stars" starring Kevin Durand and directed by Jason Eli Lewis.
 In 2011 Hill produced the launch commercial for Call of Duty: Black Ops featuring Kobe Bryant and the Rolling Stones "Gimme Shelter".
