The Plague Dogs is a 1982 British-American adult animated epic adventure thriller film based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Richard Adams.
 The film was written, directed and produced by Martin Rosen, who also directed "Watership Down", the film adaptation of another novel by Adams.
 "The Plague Dogs" was produced by Nepenthe Productions; it was released by Embassy Pictures in the United States and by United Artists in the United Kingdom.
 The film was rated PG-13 by the MPAA for heavy animal cruelty themes, violent imagery, and emotionally distressing scenes.
 "The Plague Dogs" is the second non-family oriented MGM animated film after the "Lupin the Third" film "The Castle of Cagliostro".
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film, and the fifth animated film produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance.
 "The Lion King" was directed by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff, produced by Don Hahn, and has a screenplay credited to Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts, and Linda Woolverton.
 Its original songs were written by composer Elton John and lyricist Tim Rice, and original scores were written by Hans Zimmer.
 The film features an ensemble voice cast that includes Matthew Broderick, James Earl Jones, Jeremy Irons, Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Moira Kelly, Nathan Lane, Ernie Sabella, Rowan Atkinson, Robert Guillaume, Madge Sinclair, Whoopi Goldberg, Cheech Marin, and Jim Cummings.
 The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa and was influenced by William Shakespeare's "Hamlet".
Anastasia is a 1997 American animated epic musical alternative history film produced by Fox Animation Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox, directed by former Walt Disney Animation Studios directors Don Bluth and Gary Goldman, and starring the voices of Meg Ryan, John Cusack, Kelsey Grammer, Hank Azaria, Christopher Lloyd and Angela Lansbury.
 The film is a loose adaptation of the legend of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia, which claims that she, in fact, escaped the execution of her family.
 Its basic plot—that of an eighteen-year-old amnesiac orphan named Anya who, in hopes of finding some trace of her family, sides with con men who wish to take advantage of her likeness to the Grand Duchess—is the same as the 1956 film by Fox, which, in turn, was based on the 1955 play by Marcelle Maurette.
The Prince of Egypt is a 1998 American animated epic musical film and the first traditional animated film produced and released by DreamWorks.
 The film is an adaptation of the Book of Exodus and follows the life of Moses from being a prince of Egypt to his ultimate destiny to lead the children of Israel out of Egypt.
 Directed by Brenda Chapman, Steve Hickner, and Simon Wells, the film features songs written by Stephen Schwartz and a score composed by Hans Zimmer.
 The voice cast consists of Val Kilmer in a dual role, Ralph Fiennes, Michelle Pfeiffer, Sandra Bullock, Jeff Goldblum, Danny Glover, Patrick Stewart, Helen Mirren, Steve Martin, and Martin Short.
Balto is a 1995 American animated epic drama adventure film directed by Simon Wells, produced by Amblin Entertainment and distributed by Universal Pictures.
 The film is loosely based on a true story about the dog of the same name who helped save children from the diphtheria epidemic in the 1925 serum run to Nome.
 The live-action portions of the film were shot at Central Park in New York City.
 The film was the third and final animated feature produced by Steven Spielberg's Amblimation animation studio.
 Spielberg, Kathleen Kennedy and Bonne Radford acted as executive producers on the film.
 Although the film's theatrical run was overshadowed by the success of the competing Pixar film "Toy Story," its subsequent strong sales on home video led to two direct-to-video sequels: "" (2002) and "" (2004) though none of the voice cast reprised their roles.
The Lion King is an upcoming American computer-animated epic musical drama film, directed and co-produced by Jon Favreau, produced by Walt Disney Pictures, and written by Jeff Nathanson.
 It is the remake of Disney's 1994 animated film of the same name and inspired in part by William Shakespeare's "Hamlet".
 The film stars the voices of Donald Glover, James Earl Jones, Billy Eichner, Seth Rogen, John Oliver, Alfre Woodard, John Kani.
 It is set to be released on July 19, 2019.
The Jungle King (also known as: Enchanted Tales: The Jungle King) is a 1994 American animated musical film that was made by Golden Books' film studio, Golden Films and distributed by Sony Wonder.
 Diane Eskenazi, who is the founder of Golden Films, was the producer, director and storywriter for the film as she did the same for other animated films made by this studio.
 It was originally released on VHS in 1994, but it later did see a DVD release in 2003.
 This animated feature was released in Golden Films' Enchanted Tales collection of films.
Fire and Ice is a 1983 American adult animated epic high fantasy adventure film directed by Ralph Bakshi.
 The film, a collaboration between Bakshi and Frank Frazetta, was distributed by 20th Century Fox, which also distributed Bakshi's 1977 release, "Wizards".
 The animated feature, based on characters Bakshi and Frazetta co-created, was made using the process of rotoscoping, in which scenes were shot in live action and then traced onto animation cels.
Mel Shaw (December 19, 1914 – November 22, 2012) was an American animator, design artist, writer, and artist.
 Shaw was involved in the animation, story design, and visual development of numerous Disney animated films, beginning with "Bambi", which was released in 1942.
 His other animated film credits, usually involving animation design or the story, included "The Rescuers" in 1977, "The Fox and the Hound" in 1981, "The Black Cauldron" in 1985, "The Great Mouse Detective" in 1986, "Beauty and the Beast" in 1991, and "The Lion King" in 1994.
 He was named a Disney Legend in 2004 for his contributions to the Walt Disney Company.
Mel Shaw (September 22, 1946 – July 2, 2017) was an American racing driver.
 Shaw raced in various series and races such as the 24 Hours of Daytona.
 Shaw died in a Trans-Am Series crash at Brainerd International Raceway.
