A numbered street is a street whose name is an ordinal number, as in "Second Street" or "Tenth Avenue".
 Such forms are among the most common street names in North America, but also exist in other parts of the world, especially in the Middle East.
 Numbered streets were first used in Philadelphia and now exist in many major cities and small towns.
 Grid-based naming systems usually start at 1 (but sometimes at a higher number or even at zero), and then proceed in numerical order.
 In the United States, seven out of the top ten most common street names are numbers, with the top three names being "2nd," "3rd," and "1st" respectively.
One Worldwide Plaza is the largest tower of a three-building, mixed-use commercial and residential complex completed in 1989, in the New York City borough of Manhattan, known collectively as Worldwide Plaza.
 One Worldwide Plaza is a commercial office tower on Eighth Avenue.
 Two Worldwide Plaza is a residential condominium tower west of the center of the block, and Three Worldwide Plaza is a low-rise condominium residential building with street level stores on Ninth Avenue, to the west of the towers.
 Skidmore, Owings & Merrill was the designer for the office complex, and the residential complex was designed by Frank Williams.
 The complex, whose component skyscrapers are among the list of tallest buildings in New York City, occupies an entire city block, bounded by Eighth Avenue, Ninth Avenue, 49th Street, and 50th Street.
 Located on the west side of Eighth Avenue, One Worldwide Plaza is built on the site of New York City's third Madison Square Garden.
Americas Tower, also known as 1177 Avenue of the Americas, is a 50-story, 692-foot (211 m) office tower in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, standing at West 45th Street.
The Hotel Pennsylvania is a hotel located at 401 Seventh Avenue (15 Penn Plaza) in Manhattan, across the street from Pennsylvania Station and Madison Square Garden in New York City.
One Penn Plaza (1 Penn Plaza) is a skyscraper in New York City, located between 33rd Street and 34th Street, west of Seventh Avenue, and adjacent to Pennsylvania Station and Madison Square Garden.
 It is the tallest building in the Pennsylvania Plaza complex of office buildings, hotels, and entertainment facilities.
145th Street is a major crosstown street in the Harlem neighborhood, in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
 It is one of the 15 crosstown streets mapped out in the Commissioner's Plan of 1811 that established the numbered street grid in Manhattan.
 It forms the southern border of the Sugar Hill neighborhood within Harlem.
96th Street is a major two-way street in the Upper East Side and Upper West Side sections of the New York City borough of Manhattan, running from the East River at the FDR Drive to the Henry Hudson Parkway at the Hudson River.
 It is one of the 15 hundred-foot-wide (100 ft ) crosstown streets mapped out in the Commissioner's Plan of 1811 that established the numbered street grid in Manhattan.
K&L Gates Center is a skyscraper office building located in Downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 The building (long known as One Oliver Plaza and briefly as FreeMarkets Center and later Ariba Center) was completed in 1968.
 It has 39 floors, and rises 511 feet or 156 meters above Downtown Pittsburgh.
 The building sits at the intersection of Liberty Avenue, Sixth Avenue and Wood Street.
 Facing the EQT Plaza tower across the street, it shares a city block with One PNC Plaza, Two PNC Plaza and Three PNC Plaza; this "superblock" was created by the closing of part of Oliver Avenue in the late 1960s.
 Located across the building is Wood Street Station, a subway station on Pittsburgh's light rail network.
The Penn Plaza East complex takes its name for its location near Penn Station in Newark, New Jersey.
 Fronting Raymond Boulevard on the banks of the Passaic River, the two office buildings were constructed during a period in the late 1980s and early 1990s when they and numerous postmodern skyscrapers were built near the station and Gateway Center.
 While others went up between the station and traditional Downtown Newark, Penn Plaza East is on the Ironbound, or east, side of the major transportation hub.
 As of 2010, the buildings were occupied by the Newark headquarters of New Jersey Transit, JOC Group, and Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey, which owns their building.
15 Penn Plaza, also known as the Vornado Tower, is a proposed 68-story tower in the Midtown Manhattan section of New York City planned by Vornado Realty Trust.
 It would have 430 units and 2,050,000 square feet (190,451 m²) of floor space.
 The Hiller Group is the designer.
 Despite only having 68 floors, it would be just 10 m shorter than the Empire State Building, which has 102 floors.
