Captain Samuel Burgess was a member of Captain William Kidd's crew in 1690 when the "Blessed William" was seized by Robert Culliford and some of the crew, with William May named as Captain.
Robert Culliford (c. 1666 - ?)
 was an English pirate from Cornwall who is best remembered for repeatedly "checking the designs" of Captain William Kidd.
John Phillips (died April 18, 1724) was an English pirate captain.
 He started his piratical career in 1721 under Thomas Anstis, and stole his own pirate vessel in 1723.
 He died in a surprise attack by his own prisoners.
 He is noted for the articles of his ship, the "Revenge", one of only four complete sets of pirate articles to survive from the so-called Golden Age of Piracy.
Joseph Wheeler (fl.
 1696-1698) was a pirate active in the Indian Ocean and Red Sea.
 He is best known for sailing alongside Dirk Chivers and Robert Culliford.
Jean Fantin (fl 1681-1689) was a French pirate active in the Caribbean and off the coast of Africa.
 He is best known for having his ship stolen by William Kidd and Robert Culliford.
Evan Jones (fl 1698-1699) was a Welsh-born pirate from New York active in the Indian Ocean, best known for his indirect connection to Robert Culliford and for capturing a future Mayor of New York.
John Swann (active 1698-99, first name also Jon, possibly also referred to as "Paul Swan") was a minor pirate in the Indian Ocean, known almost entirely for speculation about his relationship with Robert Culliford.
James Gilliam, also known as James Kelly, (died July 12, 1701) was an English pirate active in the Indian Ocean during the 1690s and was a longtime associate of Captain William Kidd.
 Prior to his association with Kidd, he sailed with George Raynor and Edward Davis aboard the "Batchelor's Delight."
 One of Kidd's earliest crew members, Gilliam was a participant in the mutiny on board the "Mocha" and the subsequent murder of Captain Edgecomb who was killed in his sleep.
 After taking command of the East Indiaman, Gilliam and the "Mocha", under successive Captains Ralph Stout and Robert Culliford, assisted in the capture of several ships in the Indian Ocean.
 Gilliam was arrested after returning to New England with Kidd in 1699.
 Transported to Great Britain, he was tried at the Old Bailey and found guilty of piracy.
 While in prison, he wrote "A full and true Discovery of all the Robberies, Pyracies, and other Notorious Actions, of that Famous English Pyrate, Capt. James Kelly" which included references to the as yet undiscovered Galapagos Islands before his eventual execution on July 12, 1701.
Robert Culliford (22 February 1617 – 1698) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679.
Ralph Stout (d. 1697) was a pirate active in the Indian Ocean.
 He is best known for rescuing fellow pirate Robert Culliford after each of them spent separate 4-year periods in Mughal Empire prisons.
