Yevgeny Petrovich Klevtsov (Russian: Евгений Петрович Клевцов ; 8 March 1929 – 24 March 2003) was a Russian cyclist.
 He competed in the individual and team road races at the 1952 Summer Olympics, but without much success.
 He was selected for the next Olympics, but reportedly refused to go because he would not stand the long trip by sea to Melbourne, Australia.
 At the next Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the 100 km team time trial.
 Both in 1952 and 1960 he was the team captain and during the races did his best to "pull" his team mates.
 In 1952 his efforts were discarded by a crash that involved two riders of his team.
Porter Cornelius Bliss American journalist and diplomat: born on the Cattaraugus Reservation, Erie County, New York of Seneca Indians on December 28, 1838; studied at Hamilton College and Yale College; traveled in Maine, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia 1860-61, investigating the condition of the Indian tribes in behalf of societies at Boston; was employed for some months as clerk in the Indian Bureau, and subsequently in the post-office department at Washington 1861; took part in volunteer organizations for the defense of the capital; visited England the same year; accompanied Gen. James Watson Webb as private secretary on his mission to Brazil 1861-63; was commissioner of the Government of the Argentine Republic for the exploration of the Indian country called the Gran Chaco 1863; edited at Buenos Aires a monthly periodical, "The River Platte Magazine" (1864); was appointed by President López historiographer of Paraguay; became secretary to Hon. Charles Ames Washburn, U. S. minister to Paraguay, 1866; aided him in collecting materials for his "History of Paraguay" (2 vols., 1871); was imprisoned by command of López on a charge of treason and conspiracy for his assassination September 10, 1868; while imprisoned wrote under duress a deliberately falsified account of the U.S. legation's plan, retracted after his rescue by a U. S. Navy squadron December 10, 1868; appointed translator to the State Department at Washington, March, 1869; editor of the "Washington Chronicle" 1869-70; President Grant appointed him secretary of legation in Mexico 1870-74, and acting minister several months 1872-73.
 He afterward resided in New York, and was vice-president of the American Philological Society and an editor of the "New York Herald".
 Died in New York, February 1, 1885.
Edward Malcolm Brownlee is an American sculptor who is known for his modernist architectural creations.
 "Mick" Brownlee was born in Portland, Oregon, on April 23, 1929, and grew up there on the west side in a dilapidated neighborhood where he found many remnants of building materials lying about and began making constructions from them.
 He joined the Army after three years of high school and was stationed overseas in occupied Japan working as a topographer.
 Brownlee received his formal education at Oregon State University and at the California College of Arts and Crafts.
 In 1954, he became the first recipient of a Master of Fine Arts degree from the University of Hawaii.
 The Hawaii chapter of the American Institute of Architects recognized Brownlee with a special award for “outstanding contributions of art to architecture”.
 He maintained a studio on the Oregon Coast and worked in carved stone and cast bronze until his death on November 24, 2013.

Michael Andrew Gove ( ; born 26 August 1967) is a British Conservative politician, who was Secretary of State for Education from 2010 to 2014 and Secretary of State for Justice from 2015 to 2016.
 He became Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs in the cabinet reshuffle on 11 June 2017.
 He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Surrey Heath since 2005.
 He is also an author and a columnist for "The Times".
Field Marshal Henry Hardinge, 1st Viscount Hardinge, (30 March 1785 – 24 September 1856) was a British Army officer and politician.
 After serving in the Peninsula War and the Waterloo Campaign he became Secretary at War in Wellington's ministry.
 After a tour as Chief Secretary for Ireland in 1830 he became Secretary at War again in Sir Robert Peel's cabinet.
 He went on to be Governor-General of India at the time of the First Anglo-Sikh War and then Commander-in-Chief of the Forces during the Crimean War.
Jacob Dolson Cox, (Jr.) (October 27, 1828August 4, 1900) was a statesman, lawyer, Union Army general during the American Civil War, and later a Republican politician from Ohio.
 He served as the 28th Governor of Ohio and as United States Secretary of the Interior.
 As Governor of Ohio, Cox sided for a time with President Andrew Johnson's Reconstruction plan and was against African American suffrage in the South, though he supported it in Ohio.
 Seeing himself caught between Johnson and the Radical Republicans, Cox decided not to run for reelection.
 He stayed out of politics for a year, though both Sherman and Grant advocated that Cox replace Stanton as Secretary of War as a means of stemming the demands for Johnson's impeachment.
 But Johnson declined.
 When Ulysses S. Grant became President he nominated Cox Secretary of Interior and Cox immediately accepted.
 Secretary of Interior Cox implemented the first civil service reform in a federal government department, including examinations for most clerks.
 Grant initially supported Cox and civil service reform, creating America's first Civil Service Commission.
 However, Cox was opposed by Republican Party managers, who ultimately convinced Grant to cease civil service reforms.
 President Grant and Secretary Cox were at odds over the fraudulent McGarahan Claims and the Dominican Republic annexation treaty.
 Secretary Cox advocated a lasting, honest, and comprehensive Indian policy legislated by Congress after the Piegan Indian massacre.
 Cox resigned as Secretary of Interior having been unable to gain Grant's support over civil service reform.
 Although Cox was a reformer, Grant had believed Cox had overstepped his authority as Secretary of Interior and had undermined his authority as President.
 In 1872 Cox joined the Liberal Republicans in opposition to Grant's renomination.
 In 1876 Cox returned to politics and was elected to and served one term as United States Congressman of Ohio.
 Congressman Cox supported President Hayes's reform efforts, but his term as Congressman was unsuccessful at establishing permanent Civil Service reform.
 Cox retired and did not return to active politics, using his time to write several books on Civil War campaigns which remain today respected histories and memoirs.
Seymour "Pinky" Kravitz (July 11, 1927 – October 31, 2015) was an Atlantic City, New Jersey based American radio broadcaster and print journalist.
 He was known simply as "Pinky," and he reportedly refused to answer to his given name.
Romer Leslie "Les" Brownlee served as the Undersecretary of the Army from November 2001 to May 2003 and as Acting United States Secretary of the Army from 10 May 2003 until his resignation effective 2 December 2004, staying at the Undersecretary's office.
 Bill Gertz wrote that Donald Rumsfeld did not wish to name a non-CEO to the job of Secretary.
The son of an Imperial Russian Army officer, Kuibyshev joined the army and fought in World War I.
 Kuibyshev joined the Red Army in 1918 and became commander of the 3rd and 9th Rifle Divisions on the Southern Front of the Russian Civil War.
 During the 1920s, Kuibyshev commanded a corps, courses for Red Army commanders, the group of Soviet advisors in China, and the Main Directorate of the Red Army, and the Siberian Military District.
 He became secretary for Rabkrin, the Workers' and Peasants' Inspectorate, and a member of the Party Control Commission during the 1930s.
 Kuibyshev became commander of the Transcaucasian Military District in 1937.
 During the Great Purge, he was arrested in February 1938 and executed in August.
 Kuibyshev was posthumously pardoned in 1956.
Bolinao 52 is a documentary by Vietnamese American director Duc Nguyen about the Vietnamese boat people ship that was originally stranded in the Pacific Ocean in 1988.
 During their 37 days at sea, the group encountered violent storms and engine failures.
 They fought their thirst and hunger and a US Navy ship reportedly refused to rescue them, forcing the boat people to starve despite resorting to cannibalism.
 Only 52 out of the 110 boat people survived the tragedy and were rescued by Filipino fishermen who brought them to Bolinao Island, Philippines.
