"Vienna, City of My Dreams" (German:"Wien, du Stadt meiner Träume") is a 1914 song composed by the Austrian Rudolf Sieczyński who also wrote the lyrics.
 The 1957 film "Vienna, City of My Dreams" takes its title from the song.
Vienna, City of Song (German: Wien, du Stadt der Lieder) is a 1930 German musical comedy film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Charlotte Ander, Paul Morgan and Igo Sym.
Vienna, City of My Dreams (German:Wien, du Stadt meiner Träume or Die Königin seines Herzens) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Victor Janson and starring Liane Haid, Luigi Serventi and Käthe von Nagy.
Vienna, City of Song (German:Wien, du Stadt der Lieder) is a 1923 Austrian silent film directed by Alfred Deutsch-German and starring Franz Glawatsch, Max Ralph-Ostermann and Louis Böhm.
 A later sound film was also made with the same title directed by Richard Oswald.
"Du bleibst immer noch du" (German: "You Still Remain Yourseld" ) is a song by German recording artist Yvonne Catterfeld.
 The ballad was written by Catterfeld, A.C. Ademy, and Christoph Leis-Bendorff for her second studio album "Farben meiner Welt" (2004), while production was helmed by the latter.
Vienna, City of My Dreams (German: Wien, du Stadt meiner Träume) is a 1957 Austrian musical comedy film directed by Willi Forst and starring  Adrian Hoven, Erika Remberg and Hertha Feiler.
The Woman of My Dreams (German:Die Frau meiner Träume) is a 1944 German musical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Marika Rökk, Wolfgang Lukschy and Walter Müller.
The Hero of My Dreams (German: Der Held meiner Träume) is a 1960 West German romantic comedy film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt and starring Carlos Thompson, Heidi Brühl and Peter Vogel.
Vienna, City of My Dreams (German:Wien, du Stadt meiner Träume) may refer to:
Rudolf Sieczyński (1879, Vienna – 1952, Vienna) was an Austrian composer of Polish ancestry.
 His fame today rests almost exclusively on the nostalgic Viennese song "Wien, du Stadt meiner Träume" ("Vienna, City of My Dreams"), whose melody and lyrics he wrote in 1914.
 A well-known recording was made in 1957 by Elisabeth Schwarzkopf with Otto Ackermann conducting the Philharmonia Orchestra.
 The song was featured in the soundtrack of the Stanley Kubrick film "Eyes Wide Shut".
