Chiara R. Nappi is an Italian physicist.
 Her research areas have included mathematical physics, particle physics, and string theory.
Seven Brief Lessons on Physics (Italian: "" ) is a short book by the Italian physicist Carlo Rovelli.
 Originally published in Italian in 2014, the book has been translated into 41 languages.
 It is an Italian bestseller, with more than 300,000 copies sold in Rovelli's home country.
Aldo Pontremoli (] ; 19 January 1896 – 25 May 1928) was an Italian physicist who held a chair of theoretical physics at the University of Milan from 1926 and who founded and directed the Institute of Advanced Physics at the University of Milan from 1924 until his disappearance and presumed death in May 1928.
 Pontremoli was one of the six men who disappeared with the airborne envelope of the airship "Italia" after it had crashed on the Arctic ice on 25 May 1928.
Antonino Lo Surdo (4 February 1880 in Syracuse – 7 June 1949 in Rome) was an Italian physicist.
 He was appointed as professor of physics at the Istituto di Fisica in Rome in 1919; upon the death of Orso Mario Corbino in 1937, he became the director.
 Lo Surdo studied terrestrial physics, including seismology and geophysics; the 1908 Messina earthquake caused the death of his parents and other close relatives, except his brother.
 He contributed to the foundation of the Istituto Nazionale di Geofisica under the auspices of the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, when its president was Guglielmo Marconi.
Guido Caldarelli (born in Rome on 8 April 1967) is an Italian physicist (statistical physics) and full professor in Theoretical Physics at IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca.
 He is married with two children and lives in Lucca.
The 12-volume Micropædia is one of the three parts of the 15th edition of "Encyclopædia Britannica", the other two being the one-volume "Propædia" and the 17-volume "Macropædia".
 The name "Micropædia" is a neologism coined by Mortimer J. Adler from the ancient Greek words for "small" and "instruction"; the best English translation is perhaps "brief lessons".
Claudio Pellegrini (born in Rome on May 9, 1935) is an Italian physicist known for his pioneering work on X-ray free electron lasers and collective effects in relativistic particle beams.
 He was educated at the Sapienza University of Rome where he received the Laurea in Fisica "summa cum laude" in 1958 and the Libera Docenza, in 1965.
 From 1958 to 1978, he worked at the Laboratori Nazionali di Frascati for high energy and nuclear physics.
 In the early 1960s, he was at the Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics (NORDITA) in Copenhagen, working on an alternative formulation of the theory of general relativity using tetrad fields to obtain, among other things, a better description of the energy-momentum complex.
 (See "Teleparallelism" for a summary of the theoretical context of this work.)
 In 1978, he moved to the United States and began work at Brookhaven National Laboratory, where he was an Associate Chairman of the National Synchrotron Light Source and co-director at the Center for Accelerator Physics.
 In 1989, he accepted an appointment at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) as a professor of physics, and later became a Distinguished Professor.
Enrico Fermi ( ; ] ; 29 September 1901 – 28 November 1954) was an Italian physicist and the creator of the world's first nuclear reactor, the Chicago Pile-1.
 He has been called the "architect of the nuclear age" and the "architect of the atomic bomb".
 He was one of the very few physicists in history to excel both theoretically and experimentally.
 Fermi held several patents related to the use of nuclear power, and was awarded the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on induced radioactivity by neutron bombardment and the discovery of transuranic elements.
 He made significant contributions to the development of quantum theory, nuclear and particle physics, and statistical mechanics.
Sergio Ferrara (born May 2, 1945) is an Italian physicist working on theoretical physics of elementary particles and mathematical physics.
 He is renowned for the discovery of theories introducing supersymmetry as a symmetry of elementary particles (super-Yang–Mills theories, together with Bruno Zumino) and of supergravity, the first significant extension of Einstein's general relativity, based on the principle of "local supersymmetry" (together with Daniel Z. Freedman, and Peter van Nieuwenhuizen).
 He is an emeritus staff member at CERN and a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Luciano Pietronero (born in Rome on December 15, 1949) is an Italian physicist (statistical physics) and full professor at the department of Physics at University of Rome "Sapienza".
