Madinat al-Baath (Turkish: "Medinit el-Baas" , Arabic: مدينة البعث‎ , "Madīnat al-Bā'āth " ‎ ), also known as City of Baath or New Quneitra, is a town in the Golan Heights that is the administrative centre of the Quneitra Governorate of southern Syria.
 It is located on the Damascus–Quneitra road, 12 km north of Quneitra and 2 km west of the town of Khan Arnabah.
 It is a planned town, founded and first settled in 1986, and replaced Quneitra city as the provincial centre, after Quneitra was destroyed and abandoned.
 It has an area of 1.9 km² and a height of 900 meters above sea level.
 According to the 2010 official estimate, Madinat al-Baath has a population of 4,500.
 The town is named after the ruling Syrian Ba'ath Party.
Monmouth Heights at Manalapan is an unincorporated community located within Manalapan Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
 Levitt & Sons developed the Monmouth Heights section from 1965-1969.
 Residents of the 685 homes in the development are required to join the Monmouth Heights Community Association, which provides pools and other amenities.
Moncrieff is a designated suburb in the Gungahlin district of Canberra, the National Capital of Australia.
 The name was gazetted in April 1991, with initial land releases becoming available to developers in June 2014.
 It is named after Gladys Moncrieff, an Australian singer of the 1920-1930s musical era who was dubbed 'Australia's Queen of Song'.
 The suburb is located in north Gungahlin adjacent to the existing suburb of to the suburbs of Ngunnawal, Amaroo and the future suburbs of Taylor and Jacka.
 The suburb is located approximately 4 km from the Gungahlin Town Centre and 16 km from the centre of Canberra and is bounded by Mirrabei Drive and Horse Park Drive.
Seven ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Monmouth".
 Monmouth was the name of a castle and is now the name of a town in Wales; the name also recognises James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth, the "Black Duke".
 The first HMS "Monmouth" was named after the town but whilst the second one was being used the Monmouth Rebellion took place and this caused some concern to the crew.
 Since that time, all of "Monmouth"s have had their names painted in black and the name and the crest are covered because of the shame of the Duke of Monmouth's execution.
 Today the officers of the latest HMS "Monmouth" carry black handkerchiefs and the ship is known as the Black Duke.
 However the town of Monmouth still gives the freedom of the town to the ship's crew and talks of the "enduring link" between the town and the ship.
Elhovo Gap (Elhovska Sedlovina \'el-hov-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is a 420 m high saddle extending 1 km in west-southwest–east-northeast direction from Gleaner Heights to Leslie Hill, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica which forms part of the overland route between Bowles Ridge and Vidin Heights.
 The saddle is named after the Bulgarian town of Elhovo, in association with the artificial Christmas tree ('elha' in Bulgarian) brought by the Tangra 2004/05 Survey team (Lyubomir Ivanov and Doychin Vasilev) to their bivouac at Leslie Hill occupied 24–28 December 2004, making in the process the first crossing of Elhovo Gap.
Taylors Mills is an unincorporated community located within Manalapan Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
 The main road that runs through the area is named for the community, Taylors Mills Road.
Oakland Mills is an unincorporated community located within Manalapan Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
 The area is named for Oakland Mill, a mill along the Manalapan Brook operated by the Boo family.
 Some areas within the Manalapan Brook valley and surround forestland are preserved while the remainder of the area surrounding Oakland Mills has since been developed into housing developments.
Monmouth Heights at Marlboro is an unincorporated community located within Marlboro Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
 The housing development was created in the 1960s by Levitt & Sons though some protests occurred by long-time residents of Marlboro Township at the time of its creation.
 The community is located along New Jersey Route 79 across the highway from Marlboro High School.
Sir Augustus Meredith Nanton (7 May 1860 – 24 April 1925) was one of the principal investors and developers of Western Canada, particularly at Winnipeg, Vancouver and Calgary.
 In the Canadian West, the town of Nanton, Alberta is named for him, and twelve cities and towns have streets named 'Nanton'.
 Committed to victory in the Great War, he gave over half of his fortune to the war effort and worked himself to an early grave supporting Canadian soldiers in Europe while maintaining Winnipeg's economy.
 In recognition of his war services he was knighted by George V in 1917 and made a Knight of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem.
 He died in office as President of The Dominion Bank in Toronto, but is most closely associated with Winnipeg, his home for over forty years and where he is buried.
Owensmouth, California was a town founded in 1912 in the Western part of the San Fernando Valley.
 Owensmouth joined the city of Los Angeles in 1917, and was renamed Canoga Park on March 1, 1931.
 Owensmouth was named for the 1913 Owens River aqueduct's terminus in current Canoga Park.
 The town was started by the Los Angeles Suburban Homes Company as part of an extraordinary real estate development in Southern California.
 Los Angeles Suburban Homes Company was owned by a syndicate of rich Los Angeles investors, developers, and speculators: including Harrison Gray Otis, Harry Chandler, Moses Sherman, Hobart Johnstone Whitley, and others.
 It anticipated possible connections to but was planned independent of the soon to be completed (1913) Los Angeles Aqueduct from the Owens River watershed to the City of Los Angeles through the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles County.
The newly built Sherman Way double drive and the Pacific Electric street cars, opened on December 7, 1912, gave new access to the town and to the other new towns in the valley Van Nuys (1911) and Marion (now Reseda);
