Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets (French: "Valérian et la Cité des mille planètes" ) is a 2017 English-language French 3D science fiction adventure film written and directed by Luc Besson, and co-produced by Besson and his wife, Virginie Besson-Silla.
 The film is based on the French science fiction comics series "Valérian and Laureline", written by Pierre Christin and illustrated by Jean-Claude Mézières.
 It stars Dane DeHaan as Valerian and Cara Delevingne as Laureline, with Clive Owen, Rihanna, Ethan Hawke, Herbie Hancock, Kris Wu and Rutger Hauer in supporting roles.
 Besson independently crowd-sourced and personally funded "Valerian" and, with a production budget of around $180 million, it is both the most expensive European and independent film ever made.
The Order, also known as The Sin Eater, is a 2003 mystery horror film written and directed by Brian Helgeland, starring Heath Ledger, Benno Fürmann, Mark Addy, and Shannyn Sossamon.
 Helgeland directed Ledger, Addy and Sossamon in the 2001 film "A Knight's Tale".
Trumpets and Drums (German: "Pauken und Trompeten" ) is an adaptation of an 18th-century English Restoration comedy by Farquhar, "The Recruiting Officer".
 It was written by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht in collaboration with Benno Besson and Elisabeth Hauptmann.
The "Arthur" series refers to a series of fantasy novels for children written by Luc Besson, a film director and producer, and published from 2002 to 2005 in France, the United States and the United Kingdom.
 This term also refers to the feature films based on them, which Besson wrote, produced and directed.
 The films were made and released from 2006 to 2010, in France, the UK and the US.
 The series has also been produced in video game format.
The Castaways on Gilligan's Island is a 1979 made-for-television comedy film that continues the adventures of the shipwrecked castaways from the 1964–67 sitcom "Gilligan's Island" and the first reunion movie, "Rescue from Gilligan's Island", featuring the original cast from the television series with the exception of Tina Louise, who was replaced in the role of Ginger Grant by Judith Baldwin.
 Written by Al Schwartz, Elroy Schwartz and series creator Sherwood Schwartz and directed by Earl Bellamy, it was first broadcast on NBC May 3, 1979.
 Unlike the independently-produced "Rescue from Gilligan's Island", this and the subsequent "The Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island" were produced by Universal Television.
Benno Besson (born "René-Benjamin Besson"; 4 November 1922 in Yverdon-les-Bains; died 16 February 2006 in Berlin, Germany) was a Swiss actor and director.
 He had great success as director at Volksbühne Berlin, Deutsches Theater and Berliner Ensemble in East-Berlin, where he went by an invitation of Bertolt Brecht in 1949.
 Some of his acquainted stagings were "The Dragon" by Evgeny Schwartz, so that he travelled with Deutsches Theater all-around Europe and Asia (also in Japan), and "Der Frieden" (Aristophanes edited by Peter Hacks).
 He became the Intendant at Volksbühne in the 1960s and worked often with Heiner Müller.
 In his plays, he worked amongst others with the popular actors Fred Düren, Eberhard Esche and Ursula Karusseit.
Turandot or the Whitewashers' Congress is an epic comedy by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht.
 It was written during the summer of 1953 in Buckow and substantially revised in light of a brief period of rehearsals in 1954, though it was still incomplete at the time of Brecht's death in 1956 and did not receive its first production until several years later.
 It premièred on 5 February 1969 at the Zürich Schauspielhaus, in a production directed by Benno Besson and Horst Sagert, with music by Yehoshua Lakner.
The Trial of Joan of Arc of Proven, 1431 is an adaptation by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht of a radio play by Anna Seghers.
 It was written in collaboration with Benno Besson and premiered at the Berliner Ensemble in November 1952, in a production directed by Besson (his first important production with the Ensemble), with Käthe Reichel as Joan.
Sabine Thalbach (1932–1966) was a German actress who appeared in many East German films.
 She was married to the director Benno Besson, and was the mother of the actress Katharina Thalbach.
The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc (French: Jeanne d'Arc ) is a 1999 French epic historical drama film directed by Luc Besson.
 The film stars Milla Jovovich, John Malkovich, Faye Dunaway and Dustin Hoffman.
 The screenplay was written by Besson and Andrew Birkin, and the original music score was composed by Éric Serra.
