This list of University of Texas at Austin alumni includes notable graduates, non-graduate former students, and current students of the University of Texas at Austin.
 The institution is a major research university in Downtown Austin, Texas, USA and is the flagship institution of the University of Texas System.
 Founded in 1883, the university has had the fifth largest single-campus enrollment in the nation as of Fall 2006 (and had the largest enrollment in the country from 1997–2003), with over 50,000 undergraduate and graduate students and 16,500 faculty and staff.
 It currently holds the second largest enrollment of all colleges in the state of Texas, behind Texas A&M University.
The Permanent University Fund (PUF) is a sovereign wealth fund created by the State of Texas to fund public higher education within the state.
 A portion of the returns from the PUF are annually directed towards the Available University Fund (AUF), which distributes the funds according to provisions set forth by the 1876 Texas Constitution, subsequent constitutional amendments, and the board of regents of the University of Texas System and the Texas A&M University System.
 The PUF provides extra funds, above monies from tax revenues, to the UT System and the Texas A&M System which collectively have approximately 50 percent of state public university students.
 The PUF does not provide any funding to other public Universities in the State of Texas.
The University of North Texas Health Science Center (UNTHSC) is a graduate-level institution of the University of North Texas System, located on a 33-acre campus in the Cultural District of Fort Worth, Texas.
 Established in 1970, UNT Health Science Center consists of five colleges with a total enrollment of 2,243 graduate students (2014–15).
 The institution offers degrees in osteopathic medicine, public health, pharmacy, physical therapy, physician assistant studies and biomedical sciences.
The University of Texas–Pan American (UTPA) was a state university located in Edinburg, Texas.
 Founded in 1927, it was a component institution of the University of Texas System.
 The university served the Rio Grande Valley and South Texas with baccalaureate, masters-level, and doctoral degrees.
 The Carnegie Foundation classified UTPA as a "doctoral research university".
 From the institution's founding until it was merged into the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley (UTRGV), it grew from 200 students to over 20,000, making UTPA the tenth-largest university in the state of Texas.
 The majority of these students were natives of the Rio Grande Valley.
 UTPA also operated an Upper Level Studies Center in Rio Grande City, Starr County, Texas.
 On August 15, 2014, Dr. Havidan Rodriguez was appointed interim President of UTPA, the institution's final leader.
The University of Texas at Austin (UT, UT Austin, or Texas) is a public research university and the flagship institution of the University of Texas System.
 Founded in 1881 as "The University of Texas," its campus is located in Austin, Texas, approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) from the Texas State Capitol.
 UT Austin was inducted into the Association of American Universities in 1929, becoming only the third university in the American South to be elected.
 The institution has the nation's eighth-largest single-campus enrollment, with over 50,000 undergraduate and graduate students and over 24,000 faculty and staff.
The Texas State University System (TSUS) was created in 1911 to oversee the state's normal schools.
 Since its creation it has broadened its focus and comprises institutions of many different scopes.
 It is the oldest and third largest university system in Texas.
 The other systems of state universities are the Texas A&M System, the Texas Tech System, the University of Houston System, the University of North Texas System, and the University of Texas System.
The University of North Texas (UNT) is a public research university based in Denton with programs in natural, formal, and social sciences, engineering, liberal arts, fine arts, performing arts, humanities, public policy, graduate professional education, and post-doc research.
 Ten colleges, two schools, an early admissions math and science academy for exceptional high-school-age students from across the state, and a library system comprise the university core.
 Its research is driven by about 34 doctoral degree programs.
 During the 2013–2014 school year, the university had a budget of $865 million, of which $40 million was allocated for research.
 North Texas was founded as a nonsectarian, coeducational, private teachers college in 1890; and, as a collaborative development in response to enrollment growth and public demand, its trustees ceded control to the state in 1899.
 In 1901, North Texas was formally adopted by the state.
 UNT is the main campus of the University of North Texas System, which includes additional campuses in Dallas, Fort Worth, and Frisco.
The University of Texas System (UT System) encompasses 14 educational institutions in the U.S. state of Texas, of which eight are academic universities and six are health institutions.
 The UT System is headquartered in Austin, and has a total enrollment of over 216,000 students (largest university system in Texas) and employs more than 87,000 faculty and staff.
 The UT System's $24 billion endowment (as of the 2016 fiscal year) is the largest of any public university system in the United States.
Tallahassee Community College (commonly referred to as TCC) is an American state college, and is a member of the Florida College System.
 Tallahassee Community College is accredited by the Florida Department of Education and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
 Its primary campus is located on a 270 acre campus in Tallahassee, Florida, United States.
 In 2013, Tallahassee Community College was listed first in the nation in graduating students with A.A. degrees.
 TCC is also the top transfer school in the nation to both Florida State University and Florida A&M University.
 As of fall 2015, TCC reported 38,017 students.
The University of Florida (commonly referred to as Florida or UF) is an American public land-grant, sea-grant, and space-grant research university on a 2000 acre campus in Gainesville, Florida.
 It is a senior member of the State University System of Florida and traces its origins to 1853, and has operated continuously on its Gainesville campus since September 1906.
