Tough Enough (German title: Knallhart) is a German film directed by Detlev Buck, based on the novel Knallhart by Gregor Tessnow and released in 2006.
 Main actors are David Kross and Jenny Elvers.
 The screenplay is written by Gregor Tessnow and Zoran Drvenkar.
Krabat is a 2008 German fantasy film directed by Marco Kreuzpaintner from a screenplay by Michael Gutmann and Kreuzpaintner, based on Otfried Preußler's novel of the same name.
 The plot is about a boy, Krabat (played by David Kross), who learns black magic from a sorcerer (played by Christian Redl).
 A DVD-Video encode of the film is distributed in the United Kingdom as "Krabat and the Legend of the Satanic Mill".
The Life of Emile Zola is a 1937 American biographical film about French author Émile Zola, played by Paul Muni and directed by William Dieterle.
 It has the distinction of being the second biographical film to win the Oscar for Best Picture.
 It premiered at the Los Angeles Carthay Circle Theatre to great success both critically and financially.
 Contemporary reviews cited it the best biographical film made up to that time.
 In 2000, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Andreas Trautmann (born 21 May 1959 in Dresden) is a former German footballer who played as a midfielder.
 Trautmann spent much of his career with Dynamo Dresden, for whom he played 270 games in the DDR-Oberliga (the third most for the club, behind Hans-Jürgen Dörner and Reinhard Häfner, respectively).
 During this time he earned 14 caps for East Germany, and won the silver medal at the 1980 Olympics.
 After reunification, Trautmann moved west, joining Fortuna Köln alongside teammates Matthias Döschner and Hans-Uwe Pilz, but it did not work out, and he was back at Dynamo Dresden within six months.
 He played out his career across town with Dresdner SC, before retiring in 1994.
Matthias Koeberlin (born 28 March 1974, Mainz) is a German actor and reciter.
 His work includes the British-German co-production "The Sinking of the Laconia" (2010, UK premiere, 2011).
War Horse is a 2011 British war drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay written by Lee Hall and Richard Curtis, adapted from English author Michael Morpurgo's 1982 novel of the same name.
 The film's cast includes Jeremy Irvine (in his film acting debut), Emily Watson, David Thewlis, Tom Hiddleston, Benedict Cumberbatch, Eddie Marsan, Niels Arestrup, Toby Kebbell, David Kross and Peter Mullan.
 Set before and during World War I, it tells of the journey of Joey, a bay Thoroughbred horse raised by British teenager Albert (Irvine), as he is bought by the British Army, leading him to encounter numerous individuals and owners throughout Europe, all the while experiencing the tragedies of the war happening around him.
Same Same but Different is a 2009 German film, a love story starring David Kross and Apinya Sakuljaroensuk.
 It was directed by Detlev Buck.
 The script follows the Benjamin Prüfer's 2006 autobiographical magazine article, later published as a novel in 2007.
Trautmann is an upcoming British-German biographical film, starring German actor David Kross as the footballer Bert Trautmann.
 Although the subject of the film was a sportsman, the film has been described as "not primarily a sports film" but instead a drama.
The Reader is a 2008 German-American romantic drama film directed by Stephen Daldry and written by David Hare, based on the 1995 German novel of the same name by Bernhard Schlink.
 Ralph Fiennes and Kate Winslet star along with the young actor David Kross.
 It was the last film for producers Anthony Minghella and Sydney Pollack, both of whom had died prior to release.
 Production began in Germany in September 2007, and the film opened in limited release on December 10, 2008.
David Kross, or David Kroß, (born 4 July 1990) is a German actor.
 He began his career at a young age with a small role in the 2002 film "Hilfe, ich bin ein Junge" and worked sporadically, mainly focusing on his school work.
 In 2008, he won the starring role of Michael Berg in critically acclaimed film "The Reader".
 For his part, he was nominated for various awards and went on to win the Sierra Award at the Las Vegas Film Critics Society Awards for Youth in Film.
