UFC Fight Night: Sanchez vs. Parisyan (also known as UFC Fight Night 6) was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on August 17, 2006.
 The event took place at the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, and was broadcast live on Spike TV in the United States and Canada.
 It acted as a lead-in to the season four premiere of "The Ultimate Fighter".
 The two-hour broadcast of UFC Fight Night 6 on Spike TV drew a 1.5 overall rating.

The Red Rock River is a roughly 70 mi river in southwestern Montana in the United States.
 Its drainage basin covers over 1548 mi2 .
 Its furthest tributary, Hell Roaring Creek, originates in the Beaverhead National Forest within a few hundred meters of the North American Continental Divide and Montana-Idaho border near Brower's Spring, at an elevation of about 9100 ft .
 Brower's Spring is near the furthest headwaters of the Missouri River, one of the major watercourses of the central United States.
 The drainage flows north and west with its name changing to "Red Rock Creek" into the Red Rock Lakes in the middle of a wide grassy valley; the Red Rock River issues from the west side of Lower Red Rock Lake.
 It flows west, receiving many tributaries such as Peet Creek and Long Creek, widening into the Lima Reservoir and then passing through a canyon, which ends near Lima, Montana.
 From there, it flows northwest through a valley, passing Kidd and Red Rock, and into Clark Canyon Reservoir.
 Under the waters of the lake was once the confluence of the Red Rock and Horse Prairie Creek, forming the Beaverhead River, a tributary of the Jefferson River, in turn a headwater of the Missouri River.
Full Tilt Poker Championship at Red Rock (also FullTiltPoker.Net Championship at Red Rock) was a seven-week televised shootout poker tournament played at the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino in Summerlin near Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The tournament was sponsored by online poker website Full Tilt Poker and aired by Fox Sports Net.
 In each of the first six episodes, six professional poker player affiliated with Full Tilt Poker played a single-table freezeout tournament.
 The winner of each freezeout won US$25,000 and advanced to the seven-handed final table.
 The seventh seat at the final table was filled by Stefan Rehn, an Internet qualifier.
 Tournaments featured a speed poker format, with players having 30 seconds to act on their hands with one 60-second time extension per match.
Red Rock (also known as Red Valley) is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Apache County, Arizona, United States.
 Red Rock is located on the Navajo Nation near the New Mexico border, 16 mi northeast of Lukachukai.
 Red Rock has a post office with ZIP code 86544; the post office uses the Red Valley name.
 As of the 2010 census, the Red Rock CDP had a population of 169.
The 2012 United States Libertarian National Convention, in which delegates of the Libertarian Party (LP) chose the party's nominees for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States in the 2012 general election, was held May 2–6, 2012 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino.
 Former Governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson won the presidential nomination on the first ballot.
 Retired California state court judge Jim Gray won the vice-presidential nomination, also on the first ballot.
 The convention also chose to replace most of the Libertarian National Committee party officers and members-at-large.
Gametrak is a brand of 3-dimensional game control systems based on position tracking, designed for home video game platforms such as video game consoles and personal computers.
 The first Gametrak was invented in 2000 by Elliott Myers, who developed and guided the Gamester video game peripheral range for Leda Media Products and later Radica Games.
 Myers founded gaming company In2Games around Gametrak in November 2000.
Delta Corp Limited, previously known as Arrow Webtex Ltd., is an Indian real estate, gaming and hospitality corporation that owns and operates casinos and hotels under several brands.
 The company was founded as Creole Holdings Company Pvt Ltd on 5 November 1990.
 It is the largest and only gaming and hospitality industry in India.
 Delta Corp is a public company listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE).
 It runs the majority of the offshore casinos on Panaji, Goa.
 It is the largest gaming company in India with a revenue of ₹INR 2.39 billion (2016).
 The company operates casinos in three Indian states: Goa, Daman and Sikkim.
Season 2 of "Hell's Kitchen" was cast during November 2005, started on June 12, 2006 and concluded on August 14, 2006.
 The winner was Heather West.
 Her prize was the position of executive chef at the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino in Las Vegas with a salary of $250,000, where she worked as chef at the Terra Rossa Restaurant.
Red Rock Resort is a hotel and casino.
 It is owned and operated by Station Casinos on 70 acre located in Downtown Summerlin in the village of Summerlin Centre in Summerlin, Nevada.
 Located on Charleston Boulevard, at the interchange of Clark County 215 and some distance from the Las Vegas Strip, the resort is known as a locals casino.
 It is the flagship property of Station Casinos and the company's corporate headquarters is located on the property.
Station Casinos is a gaming company based in the Las Vegas suburb of Summerlin, Nevada, founded by Frank Fertitta, Jr. Station Casinos, along with Affinity Gaming, Boyd Gaming, and American Casino & Entertainment Properties, dominate the locals casino market in Las Vegas.
 The company purchased several sites that were gaming-entitled, meaning that major casinos can be built at that location without additional approvals.
 There are only a limited number of such sites available in the Las Vegas area.
 Station has also branched out into managing casinos that they do not own.
 Red Rock Resorts, Inc. () is a publicly traded holding company that owns a portion of Station Casinos.
