Willard Uphaus (November 27, 1890 – October 5, 1983) was an American theologian and pacifist.
 Uphaus was born on a farm in rural Delaware County, Indiana, and attended nearby Earlham College, a liberal arts college founded by the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers), in Richmond, Indiana, graduating in 1913.
 Uphaus went on to earn his PhD in the psychology of religion at Yale University, and subsequently taught at Vanderbilt University Divinity School in Nashville, Tennessee, and Hastings College in Hastings, Nebraska.
 In 1930, Uphaus was dismissed from Hastings for theological interpretations and his leftist viewpoints.
 Subsequently, six department heads resigned from Hastings in protest.
Vivian Winona Pinn (born 1941) is an American physician, scientist and pathologist known for her advocacy of women's health issues and concerns, particularly for assuring that federally funded medical studies include female patients, and well as encouraging women to follow medical and scientific careers.
 Before her retirement in 2011, she had served as associate director for research on women's health at the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and had directed NIH's Office of Research on Women's Health.
 Pinn also previously taught at Harvard University and Tufts University (where she also served as assistant dean of student and minority affairs) in Massachusetts, as well as Howard University College of Medicine (where she also chaired the Department of Pathology) in Washington, D.C.
 Since retiring from NIH, Pinn has continued working as a senior scientist emerita at NIH's Fogarty International Center.
Sri Shariputhra Maha Vidyalaya (Sinhala: ශාරිපුත්‍ර මහා විද්‍යාලය) is a secondary school in Imbulpe, Balangoda, Sabaragamuwa Province, Sri Lanka.
 It was established in the 19th century.
 At present, more than 800 students are studying at the college .
According to ancient documents, it was the first school in balangoda education zone .
 Many politicians, lawyers,scholars, physicians,engineers,and other government officers studied at this college.
 Government graduated teachers and other education college's teachers are conduct the class for student up to G.C.E.(A/L).
Normally,1st or 2nd level government education service officer is appointed as the principal of the college.
 there are Buddhist and Roman Catholic educational backgrounds .
Also according to the department of education, students of the college follow the local syllabus and face to a/l and o/l examinations which are conducted by government of Sri Lanka .
 According to the history of the college, it was established as boy's college however after 1950's it was converted into the mixed school by the government .
Also according to the official document and students roll of the college founded principal of the college was Mr. Silva and the first student was Mr. Appusincho.
 Also,college has more than 15 acres premise in Madagedaragoda, Imbulpe .
college conduct their science and computer laboratory class in the full facilitated laboratory .
one of the laboratories was a present of Hon. Srimao Bandaranayake in 1975.
Watauga Residential College (formerly Watauga Global Community) is a residential college founded at Appalachian State University in 1972.
 Watauga College was founded to be an "interdisciplinary, experimental, residential, coed alternative for social science and humanities general education requirements."
 Watauga Residential college was developed as "response to rising criticism of American education during the sixties and to the artificial fragmentation of knowledge in the academy; it was seen as a return to the world, where problems and themes do not recognize disciplinary boundaries and education is reconnected with individual learners."
 Although Watauga has changed names over the years Watauga College in 1972, Watauga Global Community in 2008, and Watauga Residential College in 2014, its mission has remained relatively the same.
 "Watauga Residential College pursues its mission through a sequenced, interdisciplinary, experiential curriculum that requires students to integrate class content, community-based research, and multicultural immersion.
 This innovative curriculum, in conjunction with the academic and residential community, creates an atmosphere for the emergence of dynamic learning experiences through unique interactions among students and faculty."
 A key focus of Watauga is on the residential community so for the first year students are required to live in the living learning center.
Berkshire Community College is an accredited, co-educational two-year community college in Berkshire County, Massachusetts.
 Its primary campus is in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, with a satellite campus in Great Barrington, Massachusetts and classroom spaces in the city of Pittsfield.
 Established in the 1960s, it is the oldest college founded by the Massachusetts Community Colleges Executive Office.
The Vivian Fowler Memorial College For Girls is an all-girls Independent college founded in 1991 by Chief Mrs. Leila Fowler in Nigeria.
 It is located in the Ikeja suburb of the city of Lagos, the capital of Lagos State.
 It serves to prepare girls for additional private education either at a university in Nigeria or elsewhere in the world.
 It is Classified as one of the most prestigious private schools in western Africa, with students from families of extreme wealth and political power.
Nagle Catholic College commonly known as Nagle or NCC, is a private Catholic secondary school, located in the coastal town of Geraldton, Western Australia.
 The college was founded in 1994, as a result of a merger of Stella Maris Presentation College, established in 1891 and St. Patrick's College founded in 1926.
Sherman College of Chiropractic is a private college founded in 1973 named after chiropractor Lyle Sherman.
 Sherman College offers the doctor of chiropractic degree.
 The college is home to approximately 450 students representing 42 states and 13 countries and has more than 3,000 alumni around the world.
 Sherman college supports the "straight" vertebral subluxation-based focus as different from diagnosis and symptomatic treatment focus of "mixed" U.S. chiropractic schools.
 The name of the college was changed to Sherman College of Straight Chiropractic the late 1970s, but changed back to the original name in 2009.
 Sherman College also has digital x-ray services in the Health Center for use of interns and local chiropractors.
Hampden–Sydney College, also known as H–SC, is a liberal arts college for men located in Hampden Sydney, Virginia, United States.
 Founded in 1775, Hampden–Sydney is the oldest private charter college in the Southern U.S., the 10th oldest college in the U.S., the last college founded before the American Revolution, and one of only three four-year, all-men's liberal arts colleges in the United States.
 Hampden–Sydney College is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and the Virginia Landmarks Register.
William Claflin (March 6, 1818 – January 5, 1905) was an American politician, industrialist and philanthropist from Massachusetts.
 He served as the 27th Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1869–1872 and as a member of the United States Congress from 1877–1881.
 He also served as chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1868–1872, serving as a moderating force between the Radical and moderate wings of the Republican Party.
 His name is given to Claflin University in South Carolina, a historically black college founded with funding from him and his father.
