The "Bridal Chorus" (German: "Treulich geführt" ) from the 1850 opera "Lohengrin" by German composer Richard Wagner is a march played for the bride's entrance at many formal weddings throughout the Western world.
 In English-speaking countries it is generally known as "Here Comes the Bride" or "Wedding March", though "wedding march" refers to any piece in march tempo accompanying the entrance or exit of the bride, notably Felix Mendelssohn's "Wedding March".
 The piece was made popular when it was used as the processional at the wedding of Victoria the Princess Royal to Prince Frederick William of Prussia in 1858.
At two separate times, Felix Mendelssohn composed music for William Shakespeare's play, "A Midsummer Night's Dream".
 First in 1826, near the start of his career, he wrote a concert overture (Op. 21).
 Later, in 1842, only a few years before his death, he wrote incidental music (Op. 61) for a production of the play, into which he incorporated the existing Overture.
 The incidental music includes the world-famous "Wedding March".
 The German title reads "Ein Sommernachtstraum".
Johann Gottlieb Görner (16 April 1697 – 15 February 1778) was a German composer and organist.
 His brother was the composer Johann Valentin Görner and his son the organist Karl Friedrich Görner.
 He was a student at the Thomasschule zu Leipzig and University of Leipzig, then organist of the city's Paulinerkirche from 1716 (whose music director he became in 1723) then its Nikolaikirche from 1721.
 In 1723 he founded a Collegium Musicum, which competed with Johann Sebastian Bach's.
 He died in Leipzig.
Schola Cantorum de Venezuela (formerly known as Schola Cantorum de Caracas) is one of the most important choral societies belonging to the growing choral movement in Venezuela.
 SCV was founded in 1967 by Alberto Grau, a Venezuelan composer and conductor born in 1937 in Barcelona, Spain.
 Currently, the choir is conducted by María Guinand (chief conductor) and Ana María Raga (associate conductor), with the assistance of young conductors Pablo Morales Daal and Victor Leonardo Gonzalez.
 Schola Cantorum de Venezuela works under the sponsorship of the Fundación Schola Cantorum de Venezuela, a Non-Profit Organization that oversees several other choirs such as: Cantoría Alberto Grau, Pequeños Cantores de la Schola and Schola Juvenil.
 Together they provide a complete system to promote and develop choral music in Venezuela.
Alex Mendelssohn (born 30 May 1935) is an Australian artist and opal miner of Hungarian descent.
 popularly known as Alex or his birth name "Sándor Mendelssohn" (variant of the name Alexander in Hungary).
 He is the great-great-grandson of Felix Mendelssohn, the Romantic German composer who gave the world the famous "Wedding March" overture.
Karl-Birger Blomdahl (19 October 1916 – 14 June 1968) was a Swedish composer and conductor born in Växjö.
 He was educated in biochemistry, but was primarily active in music and by his experimental compositions he became one of the big names in Swedish modernism.
 His teachers included Hilding Rosenberg.
 He died in Kungsängen, Stockholm.
Apo Hsu (Apo Ching-Hsin Hsu) () is a conductor born in Taiwan and resident of both Taiwan and the United States.
 Hsu served as music director of the National Taiwan Normal University Symphony Orchestra and the Springfield Symphony Orchestra in Springfield, Missouri.
 Her past appointments include serving as artistic director of The Women's Philharmonic in San Francisco, California, and conductor of the Oregon Mozart Players in Eugene, Oregon.
 She has been a mentor for many young conductors on both sides of the world through her work at NTNU and at The Conductor’s Institute at Bard College in New York.
 Her performances have been featured in national broadcasts in the United States (on National Public Radio), Taiwan (on International Community Radio Taipei), and Korea (on Korean Broadcasting System).
George Lynn (1915 – March 16, 1989) was an American composer, conductor, pianist, organist, singer, and music educator.
 A longtime member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers, his compositional output encompasses more than 200 orchestral and choral pieces; many of which have been performed by major American symphony orchestras like the Denver Symphony, the American Symphony Orchestra under Leopold Stokowski, and the Philadelphia Orchestra.
 He taught on the music faculties of several prominent American colleges, notably conducting several university choirs.
 Throughout his life he was active as a conductor, organist, and pianist for various church and community choirs.
Johann Baptist Joseph Maximilian Reger (19 March 187311 May 1916), commonly known as Max Reger, was a German composer, pianist, organist, conductor, and academic teacher.
 He worked as a concert pianist, as a musical director at the Leipzig University Church, as a professor at the Royal Conservatory in Leipzig, and as a music director at the court of Duke Georg II of Saxe-Meiningen.
Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy (] ; 3 February 1809 4 November 1847), born and widely known as Felix Mendelssohn, was a German composer, pianist, organist and conductor of the early Romantic period.
