Kevin Sloan is a retired American soccer player who played professionally in the American Soccer League, American Professional Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.
 He has also coached professionally and is currently the head coach of the Neumann College men's soccer team.
Miles Joseph (born May 2, 1974) is an American soccer manager and retired U.S. soccer player who earned three caps with the United States national soccer team.
 He spent six seasons in Major League Soccer and the part of one season in Major Indoor Soccer League.
 He was also a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
 He is currently an assistant coach for Orlando City SC in Major League Soccer.
Arthur "Skip" Roderick is a retired American soccer player who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League and the American Soccer League.
 He is currently the head coach of the NCAA Division III Elizabethtown College men's soccer team.
Tim Wittman is a retired American soccer player who is currently the assistant coach with the Johns Hopkins University women's soccer team.
 He spent his entire professional career playing indoor soccer in the first and second Major Indoor Soccer League, National Professional Soccer League and Continental Indoor Soccer League.
 He also coached in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
Marc Dos Santos (born May 26, 1977) is a Canadian soccer manager with experience in the United Soccer League, North American Soccer League, and Major League Soccer.
 He currently is the manager of the San Francisco Deltas of the North American Soccer League, beginning play in the 2017 season.
 Most recently, he was the manager of the Swope Park Rangers of the United Soccer League, an affiliate of Sporting Kansas City of Major League Soccer.
 The North American Soccer League Coach of the Year in 2015, Dos Santos led the Ottawa Fury FC to the NASL Championship Final after a first-place finish in the Fall Season.
 Previously, he focused on youth initiatives in Brazil with FC Primeira Camisa (U-20's) and SE Palmeiras (U-15's), culminating with a Copa do Brasil Sub-15 championship and a technical director position with Desportivo Brasil.
 The Montreal native was first hired by the Montreal Impact in January 2007 to lead the club's reserve team, Trois-Rivieres Attak FC, in the Canadian Soccer League.
 After leading the squad to titles in their initial two seasons – first as 2007 Open Canada Cup champions, then as 2008 CSL National Division champions – Dos Santos was added to the Impact's technical staff as an assistant coach in June 2008 and became head coach in May 2009.
 During his tenure, the Impact won the inaugural Canadian Championship in 2008 to claim the Voyageurs Cup and a berth in the 2008-09 CONCACAF Champions League.
 Dos Santos then led Montreal through three different leagues in consecutive campaigns, winning the USL First Division title in 2009 before transitioning into USSF Division 2 in 2010 and the North American Soccer League in 2011.
Fernando Caetano Clavijo Cedrés (born January 23, 1956) is a retired American soccer defender and former head coach of the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer.
 He played three seasons in the American Soccer League, two in the North American Soccer League and ten in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
 He earned 61 caps with the United States men's national soccer team and 8 with the U.S. National Futsal Team.
 He later coached both indoor and outdoor teams as well as at the national team level with Nigeria and Haiti.
 He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame and is a 2014 inductee into the Indoor Soccer Hall of Fame.
Ross Ongaro (born September 9, 1959, in Edmonton, Alberta) is a retired Canadian soccer player who earned one cap each with the Canada U-20 men's national soccer team and Canadian Olympic soccer team.
 He played professionally in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League, Western Soccer Alliance and American Indoor Soccer Association.
 He has coached extensively at the professional level and was the head coach of the Canadian Beach Soccer and Futsal Teams until September 2011.
 He has been hired by the Chinese Football Association to become their National Beach Soccer Head Coach.
Columbus Crew Soccer Club is an American professional soccer club based in Columbus, Ohio.
 The Crew competes in Major League Soccer (MLS) as a member club of the league's Eastern Conference.
 The Crew began play in 1996 as one of the ten charter clubs of the league.
 The team is owned by Anthony Precourt and Precourt Sports Ventures LLC.
 Precourt became the second owner in the history of the club on July 30, 2013.
 The club's head coach is Gregg Berhalter, a former player of the United States men's national soccer team.
John Joseph Doyle (born March 16, 1966) is a retired American soccer player who played professionally in both Europe and the United States including the Western Soccer League, American Professional Soccer League and Major League Soccer.
 He was the 1995 A-League Defender of the Year and the 1996 MLS Defender of the Year.
 He also earned fifty-three caps with the U.S. national team between 1987 and 1994 including two games at the 1990 FIFA World Cup.
 He was a member of the U.S. team at the 1988 Summer Olympics and was most recently the general manager of the San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer before being fired on August 29, 2016.
Seattle Sounders FC is an American soccer club founded in 2008, after the city of Seattle was awarded a Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise.
 The club began playing competitive soccer in the 2009 Major League Soccer season.
 It plays its home games at CenturyLink Field, competing in the Western Conference of the MLS.
 The current Sounders FC is the third soccer team from Seattle to bear the "Sounders" nickname.
 The tradition was started by Seattle's North American Soccer League team in 1974, and continued by the city's United Soccer Leagues side, formed in 1994.
 The current Sounders FC is an entity distinct to both of these clubs, and played its first MLS game on March 19, 2009, against the New York Red Bulls.
