Angel is a 1982 film directed by Neil Jordan and starring Stephen Rea.
 The film was Neil Jordan's directorial debut, and the executive producer was John Boorman.
Breathless is a 1983 American drama film directed by Jim McBride and written by McBride and L. M. Kit Carson, starring Richard Gere and Valérie Kaprisky.
 It is a remake of the 1960 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard and written by Jean-Luc Godard and François Truffaut, "À bout de souffle" (known as "Breathless" in English) and was released in France under the title A Bout de Souffle Made in USA.
 The original film is about an American girl and a French criminal in Paris.
 The remake is about a French girl and an American criminal in Los Angeles.
"A House with No Curtains" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Alan Jackson.
 It was released in January 1998 the sixth single from his album "Everything I Love".
 The song had previously been the B-side to the album's fourth single "There Goes".
 Jackson wrote the song with Jim McBride.
"What I Meant to Say" is a song written by Sam Hogin, Jim McBride and Don Cook, and recorded by American country music artist Wade Hayes.
 It was released in October 1995 as the fourth and final single from Hayes' debut album "Old Enough to Know Better".
 The song reached #5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart and #15 on the Canadian "RPM" country singles chart.
 It even charted on the Billboard Hot 200, peaking at #116.
"Sawmill Road" is a song written by Dan Truman, Sam Hogin and Jim McBride, and recorded by American country music group Diamond Rio.
 It was released in November 1993 as the fourth and final single from the album "Close to the Edge".
 The song reached #21 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
"How Do You Sleep at Night" is a song written by Jim McBride and Jerry Salley, and recorded by American country music artist Wade Hayes.
 It was released in July 1998 as the third single from his album "When the Wrong One Loves You Right".
 The song reached number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in November 1998.
The Wrong Man is a 1993 American thriller film directed by Jim McBride.
 It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
Kant Pan is a sound and film editor.
 At the beginning of his career he worked as an assistant film editor for Giro City, Clockwise, Never Say Never Again and also David Cronenberg's The Fly.
 Later, working from London, UK, he worked as a sound editor on Wish You Were Here, Dangerous Liaisons (Stephen Frears) and We're No Angels (Neil Jordan).
 He then was nominated for an Oscar for his editing on Neil Jordan's The Crying Game (1992).
 Recent editing credits include Boogie Woogie, Forget me not and Marcel Grant's films What's your name 41?
, Monsieur Francois and Just Inès.
Glen and Randa is a 1971 X rated post-apocalypse movie directed by Jim McBride.
 It was co-written by McBride, Lorenzo Mans and Rudy Wurlitzer.
 McBride made the film for $480,000 with an obscure cast including Steven Curry, Shelley Plimpton, Woodrow Chambliss and Gary Goodrow.
Great Balls of Fire!
 is a 1989 American biographical film directed by Jim McBride and starring Dennis Quaid as rockabilly pioneer Jerry Lee Lewis.
 Based on a biography by Myra Lewis and Murray M. Silver Jr., the screenplay is written by McBride and Jack Baran.
 The film is produced by Adam Fields, with executive producers credited as Michael Grais, Mark Victor, and Art Levinson.
