Scott Mackay is a Canadian mystery and science fiction author from Toronto, Ontario, where he still lives with his wife and two children.
 He is the award-winning author of eleven novels and over forty short stories.
 His short story, "Last Inning", won the 1999 Arthur Ellis Award for best short mystery fiction.
 Another story, "Reasons Unknown", won the Okanagan Award for Best Literary Short Fiction in early 1999.
 His first Barry Gilbert mystery, "Cold Comfort", was nominated for the Arthur Ellis Award for best mystery novel, and his science fiction novel, "The Meek", was a finalist for the prestigious U.S. John Campbell Memorial Award for Best SF Novel of 2001.
 His novels have been published in six languages.
Avram Davidson (April 23, 1923 – May 8, 1993) was an American writer of fantasy fiction, science fiction, and crime fiction, as well as the author of many stories that do not fit into a genre niche.
 He won a Hugo Award and three World Fantasy Awards in the science fiction and fantasy genre, a World Fantasy Life Achievement award, and an "Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine" short story award and an Edgar Award in the mystery genre.
 Davidson edited "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction" from 1962 to 1964.
 His last novel "" was completed by Grania Davis and was a Nebula Award finalist in 1998. "
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction" says "he is perhaps sf's most explicitly literary author".
The Hugo Awards are given every year by the World Science Fiction Society for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year.
 The award is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine "Amazing Stories", and was once officially known as the Science Fiction Achievement Award.
 The award has been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction" and "the best known literary award for science fiction writing".
 The Hugo Award for Best Related Work is given each year for primarily non-fiction works related to science fiction or fantasy, published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year.
 Awards are also given out for works of fiction in the novel, novella, novelette, and short story categories.
Sam J. Miller is an award-winning science fiction, fantasy and horror short fiction author whose stories have appeared in publications such as Clarkesworld, Asimov's Science Fiction, and Lightspeed, along with over fifteen "year's best" story collections.
 A finalist for multiple Nebula Awards along with the World Fantasy and Theodore Sturgeon Memorial Awards, he won the 2013 Shirley Jackson Award for his short story "57 Reasons for the Slate Quarry Suicides."
Gardner Raymond Dozois ( ) (born July 23, 1947) is an American science fiction author and editor.
 He is the founding editor of "The Year's Best Science Fiction" anthologies (1984–present) and was editor of "Asimov's Science Fiction" magazine (1984–2004), garnering multiple Hugo and Locus Awards for those works almost every year.
 He has also won the Nebula Award for Best Short Story twice.
 He was inducted by the Science Fiction Hall of Fame on June 25, 2011.
Jason Sanford is an American science fiction author best known for his short story writing.
 His fiction has been published in "Interzone, Asimov's Science Fiction, Analog Science Fiction and Fact, Year's Best SF 14", "Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show" and other magazines and anthologies.
 He also founded the literary magazine "storySouth" and runs their annual Million Writers Award for best online short stories.
The Nebula Award for Best Short Story is given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) for science fiction or fantasy short stories.
 A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a short story if it is less than 7,500 words; awards are also given out for longer works in the categories of novel, novella, and novelette.
 To be eligible for Nebula Award consideration a short story must be published in English in the United States.
 Works published in English elsewhere in the world are also eligible provided they are released on either a website or in an electronic edition.
 The Nebula Award for Best Short Story has been awarded annually since 1966.
 The award has been described as one of "the most important of the American science fiction awards" and "the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent" of the Emmy Awards.
"The Dandelion Girl" is a science fiction short story written by American science fiction author Robert F. Young.
 The story, roughly 5,600 words, first appeared in "The Saturday Evening Post" on April 1, 1961.
 The story was later republished in a Robert F. Young short story collection in 1965 called "The Worlds of Robert F Young: Sixteen Stories of Science Fiction and Fantasy".
 The line "Day before yesterday I saw a rabbit, and yesterday a deer, and today, you."
 from the story appears six times throughout the text and is the only full line that is repeated.
 The story involves a middle-aged man named Mark Randolph who meets a girl half his age who claims to be from 240 years into the future.
The World Fantasy Awards are given each year by the World Fantasy Convention for the best fantasy fiction published in English during the previous calendar year.
 The awards have been described by book critics such as "The Guardian" as a "prestigious fantasy prize", and one of the three most prestigious speculative fiction awards, along with the Hugo and Nebula Awards (which cover both fantasy and science fiction).
 The World Fantasy Award—Short Fiction is given each year for fantasy short stories published in English.
 A work of fiction is defined by the organization as short fiction if it is 10,000 words or less in length; awards are also given out for longer pieces in the Novel and Long Fiction categories.
 The Short Fiction category has been awarded annually since 1975, though before 1982—when the category was instated—it was named "Best Short Fiction" and covered works of up to 40,000 words.
 It was then renamed "Best Short Story" until 2016, when it was renamed to the "Short Fiction" category.
"Cassandra" is a science fiction short story by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.
 It was first published in "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction" in October 1978, and won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1979.
 It was only her second published short story, after "The Dark King" (1977).
