Malèna is a 2000 Italian romantic drama film starring Monica Bellucci and .
 It was directed and written by Giuseppe Tornatore from a story by Luciano Vincenzoni.
 It won the Grand Prix at the 2001 Cabourg Film Festival.
Shoot 'Em Up is a 2007 gun fu action film written and directed by Michael Davis.
 Starring Clive Owen, Paul Giamatti, Monica Bellucci and Stephen McHattie, it follows Smith (Owen), a drifter who rescues a newborn from being killed by assassin Hertz (Giamatti) and his henchmen.
 Smith flees from the gang, enlisting the help of prostitute D.Q. (Bellucci) to keep the baby safe as he unravels the conspiracy.
 The film was produced by Susan Montford, Don Murphy and Rick Benattar under Murphy's film banner Angry Films.
Monica Anna Maria Bellucci (] , born 30 September 1964) is an Italian actress and fashion model.
 Bellucci began her career as a model and made a transition to Italian films.
 She played the role of Persephone in the 2003 science-fiction films "The Matrix Reloaded" and "The Matrix Revolutions," Mary Magdalene in the 2004 biblical drama "The Passion of the Christ," Malèna Scordia in the 2000 film "Malèna" and Alex in the controversial art film "Irréversible."
 At age 51, Bellucci played the role of a Bond girl in the 2015 James Bond film "Spectre,".
 She is often considered among the most beautiful women in the world.
Gilles Mimouni (] ; born 1956) is a French architect and film director.
 He is mainly known for the feature film "L'Appartement" (1996) - a tense romantic thriller starring Vincent Cassel, Monica Bellucci, and Romane Bohringer, and he acted as executive producer for its U.S remake "Wicker Park" (2004).
The Passion of the Christ is the soundtrack, on the Sony label, of the 2004 Academy Award-nominated film "The Passion of the Christ" starring James Caviezel, Maia Morgenstern, Christo Jivkov, Hristo Shopov, Francesco DeVito and Monica Bellucci.
 The original score was composed by John Debney.
Under Suspicion is a 2000 American thriller film directed by Stephen Hopkins.
 It stars Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, Monica Bellucci and Thomas Jane.
 The film is based on the 1981 French film "Garde à vue" and the 1970s British novel "Brainwash", written by John Wainwright.
 It was screened out of competition at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
The Passion of the Christ (also known simply as The Passion) is a 2004 American biblical drama film directed by Mel Gibson, written by Gibson and Benedict Fitzgerald, and starring Jim Caviezel as Jesus Christ, Maia Morgenstern as the Virgin Mary, and Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene.
 It depicts the Passion of Jesus largely according to the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.
 It also draws on pious accounts such as the Friday of Sorrows along with other devotional writings, such as the reputed Marian apparitions attributed to Blessed Anne Catherine Emmerich.
Senza Tempo ("Timeless" in English) is a short film by Italian director Gabriele Muccino, director of L'ultimo bacio (One Last Kiss), Remember Me, My Love (Ricordati di me) with Monica Bellucci and The Pursuit of Happyness with Will Smith.
 The film is the result of a collaboration between Peroni Nastro Azzurro and Muccino and was shown in cinemas throughout the UK.
Don't Look Back (French: Ne te retourne pas ) is a 2009 French thriller film directed by Marina de Van and starring Sophie Marceau and Monica Bellucci.
 Written by Jacques Akchoti and Marina de Van, the film is about a wife and mother of two children who suddenly notices changes to the way the family home is arranged and feels that her body is transforming without anyone around her noticing it.
 While others believe her perceptions are due to fatigue and stress, she is sure that something more profound is happening, and her search to understand these mysterious perceptions prompts her to track down a woman in Italy who holds the key to the mystery.
Malèna is the soundtrack of the 2000 film "Malèna" starring Monica Bellucci, Giuseppe Sulfaro, Luciano Federico and Matilde Piana.
 The original score was composed by Ennio Morricone.
