Euryops chrysanthemoides (with the common names African bush daisy or bull's-eye) is a small shrub native to Southern Africa that is also grown as a horticultural specimen in tropical to subtropical regions around the world.
 It occurs in the Eastern Cape, along the coast and inland, to KwaZulu-Natal, Mpumalanga and Swaziland.
 It is usually found on forest edges, in riverine bush and in ravines, as well as in coastal scrub, grassland and disturbed areas.
 It is a compact, densely branched, leafy, evergreen shrub, 0.5 to 2m in height.
 The species was moved to "Euryops" from the genus "Gamolepis" on the basis of chromosome counts.
 It is a ruderal weed in New South Wales, although it is not weedy in all places where it is cultivated or has naturalized.
Hippophae is a genus of sea buckthorns, deciduous shrubs in the family Elaeagnaceae.
 The name sea buckthorn may be hyphenated to avoid confusion with the buckthorns ("Rhamnus", family Rhamnaceae).
 It is also referred to as sandthorn, sallowthorn, or seaberry.
Camellia sinensis is a species of evergreen shrub or small tree whose leaves and leaf buds are used to produce tea.
 It is of the genus "Camellia" () of flowering plants in the family Theaceae.
 Common names include "tea plant", "tea shrub", and "tea tree" (not to be confused with "Melaleuca alternifolia", the source of tea tree oil, or "Leptospermum scoparium", the New Zealand teatree).
Fuscospora gunnii, the tanglefoot- or deciduous beech, or fagus, is a deciduous shrub endemic to the highlands of Tasmania, Australia.
 It was discovered in 1847 by R.C Gunn and evidence exists that it once lived in Antarctica.
 "F. Gunnii" was previously included in the genus "Nothofagus", although recent DNA analysis has placed it in the genus "Fuscospora".
 "F. Gunnii" is a small woody tree with a shrubby appearance known to grow up to 3 m .
 It lives only on mountains due to temperature limitations within the Tasmanian maritime climate and can survive up to heights of 1400 m .
 It grows in alpine and sub-alpine regions in the west to central portions of the state but is absent from the mountains of the northeast.
 Though capable of reaching the size of a small tree, it rarely exceeds 2 m in height, instead growing as a thick shrub or as a woody ground cover hence its common name of "tanglefoot".
Tetrapanax papyrifer (rice-paper plant, or "通草—tong cao") is an evergreen shrub in the family Araliaceae, the sole species in the genus Tetrapanax.
 The specific epithet is frequently misspelled as "papyriferum", "papyriferus", or "papyrifera".
 It is endemic to Taiwan, but widely cultivated in East Asia and sometimes in other tropical regions as well.
 The species was once included in the genus "Fatsia" as "Fatsia papyrifera".
Lonicera morrowii, the Morrow's honeysuckle, is a deciduous honeysuckle in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to Japan, Korea, and Northeast China.
 It is a shrub, reaching a height of 2-2.5 m, with oblong leaves 4–6 cm long.
 It leafs out quite early in the spring, and in North America is commonly the first deciduous shrub with foliage in March.
 The flowers are white to pale yellow, and the fruit is a dark red berry 7–8 mm diameter containing numerous seeds.
 The berries, while eaten frequently by birds, are considered poisonous to humans.
 It is colloquially called "bush honeysuckle" in the United States, and is considered an invasive species.
Agastachys odorata, commonly known as the white waratah, is the sole member of the genus Agastachys in the protea family.
 It is an evergreen shrub to small tree and is endemic to the heaths and button grass sedgelands of western Tasmania.
 It occurs most often in moist heath and scrub and occasionally in the alpine regions, but generally prefers well-drained but poor soils.
 It can grow in some rainforests where it forms a small tree but is normally a shrub in all other situations.
 The heaviest concentrations are along the island's south coast.
 Its leaves are dark green, hairless and almost succulent.
 Masses of white flowers are produced in erect spikes from the ends of the branches.
 Measuring 8 to 12 cm high, they appear in January and February.
Hippophae rhamnoides, also known as common sea buckthorn is a species of flowering plant in the family Elaeagnaceae, native to the cold-temperate regions of Europe and Asia.
 It is a spiny deciduous shrub.
 The plant is used in the food and cosmetic industry, in traditional medicine, as animal fodder and for ecological purposes.
Philadelphus mexicanus is a shrub belonging to the genus "Philadelphus", native to Mexico and Guatemala.
 It is a spreading, evergreen shrub with pendent, bristly shoots and ovate, sometimes partly toothed leaves up to 11 cm long.
 Flowers are single, cup shaped, rose scented, creamy white in colour, measuring up to 4 cm across.
 "Rose syringa" (syn. "
Philadelphus maculatus") is the most commonly cultivated variety and has fragrant white flowers with a purple blotch in the centre.
Philadelphus incanus, the hairy mock orange, is a deciduous shrub in the genus "Philadelphus".
 Native to China, it is a medium to large shrub characterised by its hairy leaves and later flowering than other members of the genus.
