Belleville (French: "Belle ville", meaning "Beautiful city") is a city in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States, coterminous with the now defunct Belleville Township.
 The population was 42,034 according to the Census Bureau's 2015 estimates.
 It is the eighth-most populated city outside the Chicago Metropolitan Area and the most populated city south of Springfield in the state of Illinois.
 It is the county seat of St. Clair County, and the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Belleville and the National Shrine of Our Lady of the Snows.
 Belleville is the most populated city in the Metro-East region of the St. Louis Metropolitan Area and in Southern Illinois.
 Due to its proximity to Scott Air Force Base, the population receives a boost from military and federal civilian personnel, defense contractors, and military retirees.
Lake Hancock is a lake located north of Bartow, Florida in Polk County, Florida.
 Lake Hancock is located in the Polk Upland area between the Winter Haven Ridge and Lakeland Ridge.
 As part of the upper Peace River watershed, the lake has ecological importance throughout southwest Florida according to the Southwest Florida Water Management District.
 Lake Hancock is shallow with an average depth of four feet and a maximum depth of 16 ft .
 At 4573 acre , the lake is one of the largest lakes in Polk County, Florida; the center of the cities of Bartow, Lakeland, and Winter Haven roughly form an equilateral triangle with sides of 12 mi and Lake Hancock forms over 25% of that triangle.
 The first settlements in the area occurred in 1849 when small farms were established in the area as a result of migration from a hurricane in the Tampa Bay area.
Ridge Community High School or RCHS is a public high school located on the Davenport, Florida and Haines City, Florida Line.
 RCHS was established in 2005 in Polk County.
 It currently serves 2,600 students and has 106 teachers on campus.
 Ridge Community High School is one of many schools with a separate 9th Grade campus with its own front office.
 The main campus holds students in 10th, 11th, and 12th grade with some exceptions.
 Ridge Community High School sits on 76 acre of land.
 Ridge Community High School is zoned for Davenport and Haines City.
 Ridge Community High School's rivals include Haines City High School, Lake Wales High School and others in Polk County.
 The principal of RCHS is currently Russell Donnelly who replaced Sherry Wells, the acting principal between the school's opening in 2005 and 2015 and has a few assistant principals.
 Ridge Community High School is part of the Polk County School Board.
 RCHS's mascot is the Bolt, and the school motto is Once a Bolt, always a Bolt.
Winter Haven is a city in Polk County, Florida, United States.
 The population was 33,874 at the 2010 census.
 According to the U.S. Census Bureau's 2015 estimates, the city had a population of 37,689, making it the second most populated city in Polk County.
 It is a principal city of the Lakeland-Winter Haven, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Circle B Bar Reserve is an area of protected lands in Polk County, Florida.
 Comprising 1267 acre at 4399 Winter Lake Road (SR 540) near Lakeland, Florida, the area is managed by the Polk County Board of County Commissioners (BOCC).
 It is jointly owned by the BOCC and the Southwest Florida Water Management District.
 The park was purchased in 2000 for $7.4 million using funds provided by an environmental lands acquisition referendum approved by voters in 1994.
Lakeland is a city in Polk County, Florida, located along Interstate 4 east of Tampa.
 It is generally considered part of the Tampa Bay Area.
 According to the 2013 U.S. Census Bureau estimate, the city had a population of 100,710.
 Lakeland is a principal city of the Lakeland–Winter Haven Metropolitan Statistical Area (coterminous with Polk County), which had an estimated population of 623,009 in July 2013 based on data from the University of Florida Bureau of Economic and Business Research.
 It is twinned with Richmond Hill, Ontario; Imabari, Ehime, Japan; Bălți, Moldova; Portmore, Jamaica; and Chongming County, Shanghai, China through the Lakeland chapter of Sister Cities International.
The April 1958 Florida tornado outbreak was a severe weather event that primarily affected the Florida peninsula on April 15, 1958.
 A total of five tornadoes touched down in the state of Georgia between 12–5 p.m. EST.
 80 percent of the tornadoes were recorded in Florida, while 75 percent of the Florida events attained F3 intensity or greater.
 The strongest tornado produced F4 damage on the Fujita scale in Polk County, Florida, becoming one of only two F4 tornadoes recorded in the U.S. state of Florida.
 The second F4 tornado occurred on April 4, 1966, in Polk County near Gibsonia and Galloway.
 In total, 65–72 people were injured during the 1958 outbreak, but no deaths were directly related to the tornadoes.
 In addition to confirmed tornadoes, an unconfirmed tornado was also reported near Wimauma, Florida.
Lakeland Square Mall is a shopping mall located on the northern side of Lakeland, Florida in the United States.
 It is one of two enclosed malls serving Polk County.
 It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties, one of the largest mall owners in the United States.
 It is the only shopping mall located off of I-4 between Tampa and Orlando, and it serves the populations of western Polk County.
Livingston is a city in and the county seat of Polk County, Texas, United States.
 With a population of 5,335 at the 2010 census, it is the largest city in Polk County.
 It is located approximately seventy-five miles north of Houston and was originally settled in 1835 as Springfield.
 Its name was changed to Livingston and became the county seat of Polk County in 1846.
Tenoroc High School (THS) is a public secondary school in Lakeland, Florida.
 The current principal is Jason Looney, and is assisted by four Assistant principals, Bradley Hardesty, Haley Mason, Summer Fisher and Brandi Blanchard.
 The School Board of Polk County established Tenoroc to relieve overcrowding problems at Lakeland High School, Lake Gibson High School, Auburndale High School, and Lake Region High School.
 It is also one of the more technologically advanced schools owned by the School Board of Polk County and hosts a specialized learning center known as "Power Academy."
 Power Academy is a 4-year training program for students intending to be employed at Lakeland Electric, Polk County's municipal utility company.
