Allison Iraheta (born April 27, 1992) is an American singer from Los Angeles, California, who was the fourth place finalist on the eighth season of "American Idol".
 Prior to "Idol", Iraheta won the Telemundo competition "".
 Following the conclusion of "Idol", Iraheta was signed to a record deal with 19 Entertainment and Jive Records.
 Her debut album "Just Like You" was released on December 1, 2009.
 She is currently the lead singer in the band Halo Circus.
David Anthony Hernandez is an American singer and the twelfth place finalist of FOX's seventh season of the television series "American Idol".
 He recently moved to Los Angeles, California to pursue his music career after his time on "American Idol".
Vered "Didi" Benami (Hebrew: ורד "דידי" בן עמי‎ ‎ ; born October 25, 1986) is an American singer/songwriter from Knoxville, Tennessee, who was the tenth place finalist on the ninth season of "American Idol".
 Since her appearance on "American Idol", Didi Benami has spent the past few years honing her craft, taking classes and writing her first full-length album, "Reverie".
Melinda Marie Doolittle (born October 6, 1977) is an American singer who finished as the third place finalist on the sixth season of "American Idol".
 Prior to her appearance on "American Idol", Doolittle worked as a professional back-up singer for, among others, Michael McDonald, Kirk Franklin, Aaron Neville, BeBe and CeCe Winans, Alabama, Jonny Lang, Vanessa Bell Armstrong, Carman, and Anointed.
Without Regret is the first major-label (and second overall) album from "American Idol" season two seventh place finalist, Kimberly Caldwell.
 The album was released on April 19, 2011.
Anatoliy Vladimirovich "Anthony" Fedorov (Russian: Анатолий Владимирович Федоров , ; born May 4, 1985) is an American singer and actor who is former lead singer for the Chicago band 7th Heaven.
 He rose to fame as the fourth place finalist on the fourth season of "American Idol".
Tim Suburban Urban (born May 1, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter and actor who was the seventh place finalist on the ninth season of "American Idol".
 Urban's debut album and EP titled "Heart of Me" was released on November 8, 2010 through iTunes.
Lil Rounds (born October 20, 1984) is an American singer from Memphis, Tennessee, who was the seventh place finalist on the eighth season of "American Idol".
 Following the conclusion of "Idol", Rounds was signed to a record deal with Bungalo Records.
 Her debut album was to be released in 2010 but has been pushed back for a 2011 release.
 Rounds is now recording her album independently.
Kristy Lee Cook (born January 18, 1984) is an American country singer who was the seventh place finalist on the seventh season of "American Idol".
 In 2005, Cook released her first album called "Devoted".
 In June 2008, Cook signed to 19 Recordings and Arista Nashville.
 She released her post-"Idol" album, "Why Wait", on September 16, 2008.
 This album has produced her first chart single, "15 Minutes of Shame", a Top 30 hit on the "Billboard" country charts.
 Her first single for Broken Bow Records, "Airborne Ranger Infantry", was released on October 16, 2012.
Kimberly Ann Caldwell (born February 25, 1982) is an American singer, actress and television hostess, from Katy, Texas who was the seventh place finalist on the second season of "American Idol".
 She used to work as an entertainment correspondent and hosted various shows on the TV Guide Network.
 She released her debut album "Without Regret" on April 19, 2011.
