Mulholland Drive is a street and road in the eastern Santa Monica Mountains of Southern California.
 It is named after pioneering Los Angeles civil engineer William Mulholland.
 The western rural portion in Los Angeles and Ventura Counties is named Mulholland Highway.
 The road is featured in innumerable movies, songs, and novels.
 David Lynch, who wrote and directed a film named after Mullholland Drive, has said that one can feel "the history of Hollywood" on it.
Sameer Iqbal Patel, also referred to as Sammir I Patel and Sameer Patel, is a theatre personality from India.
 Sameer, who started his career modeling for various brands, did TV shows, and wrote and directed a dozen commercial plays including 'Jo Khaya So Pachchtaye', 'Hawa Hawai', '3 Flights Down', and 'Baat Baat Mein Bigdey Haalaat'.
 He has just completed his directorial debut Hotel Beautifool.
 As an actor, he has featured in national television shows including "Ehsaas", "Mr. Aur Mrs. Verma Ki Rasoi", the "Noor Jehan" television show and others.
 He is also the writer of the television show "Yeh Chanda Kanoon Hai", which airs on SAB TV.
 Sameer's theatre production, a Hindi comedy play, named "Baat Baat Mein Bigdey Haalat," featured veteran actor Rakesh Bedi and Chetanya Adib.
 Sameer has completed his debut film "Hotel Beautifool," which is due for release in 2017, adapted from his hit play Baat Baat Mein Bigdey Halaat.
 After 'Hotel Beautifool', Sameer has started working on his next project, a Hindi feature film named Tata Goodbye, a black comedy.
Rendezvous with RagNaRok is a performance film by the band Gwar coinciding with their 1995 album "RagNaRok", though the video was released in early 1997 (much of the footage was from 1996).
 The bulk of the video is concert footage, with a mock interview interspersed between each song.
 Additionally, three music videos - "Saddam a Go-Go," "Meat Sandwich," and "Surf of Syn" - are among the scenes.
Sumedha Karmahe is an Indian vocalist and performing artist, well known for her scintillating voice and versatile singing.
 She has performed in different television shows like Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007, Ek Se Badhkar Ek, Dulhan, Maayeka, Ranbir Rano, Saregamapa 2009, Saregamapa Mega Challenge on Zee TV, IPL Rockstars on Colors, The Jam Room on Sony Mix.
 Her first released playback was in a Santosh Sivan film named Tahaan.
 She has done playbacks in 5 different languages.
 Till date she has 3 singles - Bawre Nain, Yaadein, Darmiyaan to her credit.
 Recently she has given her voice for songs like Toota Jo kabhi Taara along with Atif Aslam for the movie A Flying Jatt, Tum Tum Tum Ho along with Arijit Singh for the movie Fuddu.
Vimmy Bhatt is an Indian actress, well-known among Gujarati audiannce as Disha Shashtri from sitcom "Aa Family Comedy Che", which aired on Colors Gujarati.
 She is a well known face in India since a short film named Speechless made in 2013 by Team Postmasters.
 She won the Best Actress Award for Speechless from 48Hour Film Project.
 In 2006 she has done a movie named 'Family: Ties of Blood' which was directed by Rajkumar Santoshi and the cast includes mega star Amitabh Bachchan, and stars like Akshay Kumar, Sushant Singh, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Kader Khan and many more.
 She has done various advertisement like Marvel Yellow tea and many more.
 She is also a Bharatnatyam dancer.
 She used to say about her professional life that "I love to act and love to do more and more work, given a chance."
 "Hardik Abhinandan" is her debut movie in Gujarati Film Industry which released on 11 October 2016.
Oduvil Unnikrishnan (13 February 1944 – 27 May 2006) was an award-winning Indian film actor known for his versatile acting skills, shown in his portrayal of classical ancient aristocratic personalities in Malayalam cinema with his unique provincial linguistic style, expressions and dialect.
 He was noted as a serious as well as comic actor.
 He composed music for an album named "Parasuram Express" (1984) to lyrics written by Bichu Thirumala and an unreleased film named "Sarvam Saha" directed by Ravi Gupthan.
Runaljod – Ragnarok is the third album by the Norwegian Nordic folk band Wardruna, released on 21 October 2016.
 It is the final chapter of the trilogy "Runaljod", inspired by the 24 ancient runes of the Elder Futhark.
The first season of the military science fiction television series "Stargate SG-1" commenced airing on the Showtime channel in the United States on July 27, 1997, concluded on the same channel on March 6, 1998, and contained 22 episodes.
 The show itself is a spin off from the 1994 hit movie, "Stargate" written by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich.
 Stargate SG-1 re-introduced supporting characters from the film universe, such as Jonathan "Jack" O'Neill and Daniel Jackson and included new characters such as Teal'c, George Hammond and Samantha "Sam" Carter.
 The first season was about a military-science expedition team discovering how to use the ancient device, named the Stargate, to explore the galaxy.
 However, they encountered a powerful enemy in the film named the Goa'uld, which is bent on destroying Earth and all that oppose them.
Wardruna is a Norwegian music group dedicated to creating musical renditions of Norse cultural and esoteric traditions.
 It was formed in 2003 by Einar Selvik along with Gaahl and Lindy Fay Hella.
 The band have since released three full-length albums, each based on a set of runes.
 Their third album, "Runaljod - Ragnarok", was released on October 21, 2016.
 Wardruna make significant use of Nordic historical and traditional instruments including various percussion, flutes, kraviklyra, tagelharpe, mouth harp, goat horn and lur.
 Non-traditional instruments and other sources of sound like trees, rocks, water and torches are also used.
Debashree Roy is an Indian actress who has performed in over hundred films.
 She is a National Award winner actress and known for her work in Bengali cinema.
 She has been a highly successful leading actress in Bengali cinema throughout eighties and nineties as well as a critically acclaimed actress.
 She started her career as a child artist in a Bengali film named "Pagal Thakur" (1966) directed by Hiranmoy Sen. She was launched as an adult actress in Arabinda Mukhopadhyay's Bengali flick "Nadi Theke Sagare" (1978).
 In 1980, Tarun Majumdar cast her in his romantic flick "Dadar Kirti" which literally made her a star.
 She acted in Aparna Sen's directorial debut 36 Chowringhee Lane (1981).
 She appeared in Hindi films like Kanak Mishra's "Jiyo To Aise Jiyo" (1981), Desh Gautam's "Bura Aadmi" (1982), Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao's "Justice Chaudhury" (1983), Mukul Dutt's "Phulwari" (1984), Akash Jain's "Seepeeyan" (1984), Vijay Singh's "Kabhi Ajnabi The" (1985), Bhabendra Nath Saikia's "Kaal Sandhya" (1997).
 Her "Kabhi Ajnabi The" was assumed to be a huge hit at box office but it turned out to be a major flop at box office causing a doom to her Bollywood career.
 In 1985, she acted in Tarun Majumdar's romantic flick Bhalobasa Bhalobasa which was a major success at box office.
 This film ensured Roy's pairing with Tapas Paul as the leading on-screen pairing of nineteen eighties.
 Her other major hits with Paul are "Lalmahal" (1986), "Uttar Lipi" (1986), "Arpan" (1987), "Shankhachur" (1988), "Surer Sathi" (1988), "Surer Akashe" (1988), "Nayanmani" (1989), "Chokher Aloy" (1989), "Shubha Kamana" (1991), "Mayabini" (1992), "Phire Paoa" (1993), "Tobu Mone Rekho" (1994), "Putrabadhu" (1998).
