Rocket Jets was an attraction in Disneyland at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California.
 This attraction opened in 1967 with the new Tomorrowland and closed in 1997 for the 1998 New Tomorrowland.
 It was the third spinning rocket attraction in Tomorrowland and stood three stories above the ground.
 When Tomorrowland was redone for 1998, the Rocket Jets were replaced by a new attraction based on Orbitron at the entrance to Discoveryland in Disneyland Park Paris.
High-speed rail is emerging in Europe as an increasingly popular and efficient means of transport.
 The first high-speed rail lines in Europe, built in the 1980s and 1990s, improved travel times on intra-national corridors.
 Since then, several countries have built extensive high-speed networks, and there are now several cross-border high-speed rail links.
 Railway operators frequently run international services, and tracks are continuously being built and upgraded to international standards on the emerging European high-speed rail network.
 In 2007, a consortium of European railway operators, Railteam, emerged to co-ordinate and boost cross-border high-speed rail travel.
 Developing a Trans-European high-speed rail network is a stated goal of the European Union, and most cross-border railway lines receive EU funding.
 Several countries — France, Spain, Italy, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Belgium, the Netherlands, Russia and the United Kingdom — are connected to a cross-border high-speed railway network.
 More are expected to be connected in the coming years as Europe invests heavily in tunnels, bridges and other infrastructure and development projects across the continent, many of which are under construction now.
 Alstom was the first manufacturer to design and deliver a high speed train or HS-Train, which ended up in service with TGV in France.
 Currently, there are a number of high-level manufacturers designing and building HSR in Europe, with criss-crossed alliances and partnerships, including Canadian company Bombardier, Alstom itself, the Spanish Talgo and the German Siemens.
The legacy of the Soviet Union lives on in the infrastructure of Central Asia.
 As it crumbles, or gets patched up, much of what was built in Central Asia is the backbone of the existing infrastructure for transportation, goods delivery and energy distribution.
 Much of the industrial infrastructure underwent precipitous decline in the 1990s, after the fall of the Soviet Union, especially in Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.
 The roads, railroads and energy lines are thus oriented towards the Russian Federation and away from other regional neighbors, such as China, Afghanistan or Iran.
STREAMS® Integrated Intelligent Transport System is an enterprise traffic management system designed to operate in the Microsoft Windows environment.
 Like most traffic management systems, STREAMS® is an array of institutional, human, hardware, and software components designed to monitor, control, and manage traffic on streets and highways.
 Advanced traffic management systems come under the banner of ITS (intelligent transport systems).
 ITS is an umbrella term referring to the application of information and communications technology to transport operations in order to reduce operating costs, improve safety and maximise the capacity of existing infrastructure.
 STREAMS® provides traffic signal management, incident management, motorway management, vehicle priority, traveller information, flood monitoring and parking guidance within a single integrated system.
 STREAMS® is developed by Transmax®.
The PeopleMover, sometimes referred to as the Goodyear PeopleMover and WEDWay PeopleMover, was a transport attraction that operated from July 2, 1967 to August 21, 1995 in Tomorrowland at Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
 Guests boarded small trains that ran on elevated tracks for a "grand circle tour" above Tomorrowland.
 The ride's station and track infrastructure remain standing but not operating.
 A second PeopleMover, known as the WEDway PeopleMover, of a somewhat different design, opened at the Magic Kingdom in Walt Disney World, Florida in 1975, and operated from 1994 to 2009 as the Tomorrowland Transit Authority until being renamed "Tomorrowland Transit Authority PeopleMover" on August 5, 2010, and is still operating today.
Rocket Rods was a high-speed thrill attraction in Tomorrowland at Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
 The ride, meant to evoke a futuristic rapid transit system, opened in 1998 on the existing PeopleMover infrastructure as part of the New Tomorrowland project.
 Plagued with technical problems, Rocket Rods closed permanently in September 2000 after a little over two years of intermittent operation.
 Rocket Rods was replaced with Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters in 2005.
Redd Rockett's Pizza Port is a restaurant located at Tomorrowland of Disneyland at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California.
 It is themed after a retro space port cafeteria.
 The restaurant opened together with the New Tomorrowland on May 22, 1998 which opened with Astro Orbitor, Honey, I Shrunk the Audience, and Rocket Rods.
 It replaced the former Mission to Mars attraction.
 It is known for its Chicken Fusilli.
 It is across from the Starcade, and directly underneath Space Mountain.
Impact India Foundation's Community Health Initiative (CHI) covers 1.5 million backward tribals in the State.
 CHI aims at the reduction of existing disabilities and incidence of future disabilities through prevention and cure using existing delivery systems and available infrastructure, in partnership with Government, NGOS and local community.
 CHI has achieved 72% reduction in disability in Thane District, Maharashtra (2005 to 2012), using existing infrastructure and available delivery systems.
 The CHI is a well-integrated set of "preventive health programmes" aimed at the holistic improvement of the health of the community, with specific focus on Reproductive, Maternal, Newborn & Child Health + Adolescent (RMNCH +A).
 The CHI activities are in support of the goals of the National Health Mission and in consonance with the United Nations’ Millennium and Sustainable Development Goals-2015.
Rail Users Ireland (previously Platform 11) is a rail transport pressure group in Ireland whose agenda is centred on the idea that there is an economic case for expanding rail transport in Ireland through better utilisation of existing infrastructure with only justified expansion of existing routes.
 Through press releases, lobbying and leafleting they have promoted the DART Underground, a proposal to build a tunnel south of the Liffey to link up Dublin's Heuston Station with the existing DART and Luas lines.
 The group is a member of the European Passengers Federation a European level representative body for rail users which shares the same outlook in terms of sustainable transport provision and improving standards on public transport.
Storm Hardening is the process whereby construction is used to create new infrastructure or retrofit existing infrastructure such that it is more capable of withstanding extreme weather events.
 It "involves physically changing infrastructure to make it less susceptible to damage from extreme wind, flooding, or flying debris.
 Hardening measures include adopting new technology, installing new equipment, constructing protective barriers, or changing communications/IT at the facility.
 Hardening usually requires significant investment by the energy company.
 Some projects take years to complete; for example, large earth-moving equipment may be brought in to build a new levee.
 Sometimes the sheer magnitude of assets involved (e.g., thousands of wooden distribution poles) requires years of concerted effort to upgrade."
