Espoonlahti (Finnish) or Esboviken (Swedish) (literally "The Bay of Espoo" or "Espoo Bay") is one of the five major urban areas of Espoo, a city in Finland.
 It lies along the south-western coast of Espoo, bounded to the west by the bay of the same name, to the south by the shores of the Gulf of Finland, to the west by the Finnoo (Finnå) valley and to the north by the forests of Espoo central forest area.
 This total area of about 4,800 hectares is further divided into areas called Soukka, Suvisaaristo, Kaitaa, Nöykkiö, Latokaski and Saunalahti, with one greater center called Espoonlahden keskus ( Espoonlahti center).
 Areas known as Laurinlahti, Ylä-Kivenlahti, Ala-Kivenlahti and Iivisniemi are also part of the Espoonlahti district.
 Yet another name pertinent to this area is Kanta-Espoonlahti ("Espoonlahti Proper"), which includes Espoonlahden keskus, Soukanmäki ("Soukka Hill"), Kivenlahti, Laurinlahti and Soukanniemi ("Soukka Peninsula").
Martin Louis Alan Gompertz (February 23, 1886 – September 29, 1951) was an Anglo-Indian soldier and writer, born in India, also known by the pseudonym of 'Ganpat', which was the nearest his Indian troops could get to pronouncing 'Gompertz'.
 Ganpat is another name for the elephant god Ganesh.
 He started his writing career with articles for 'Blackwood's Magazine' on his service in East Africa during World War 1.
 He wrote many adventure stories in the style of H. Rider Haggard, though most of Ganpat's stories are set in the Himalayas.
 He was an Anglo Indian soldier, and his stories reflect his military and frontier background.
 He retired in 1939 with the rank of Brigadier, ending his days in the town of Chagford, on the edge of Dartmoor, where he could pursue his passion for fishing.
Etham (Hebrew: אֵתָם‎ ‎ , meaning "solid, enduring") was the second place, after Succoth, at which the Israelites stopped during the Exodus.
 According to the Torah, Etham was on the edge of the wilderness (i.e. the edge of civilization or the edge of cultivated land) and marked the start of their Wilderness journey along a route which avoided entering the land of the Philistines, 'lest perhaps the people change their minds when they see war, and return to Egypt'.
 It has been suggested that Etham is another name for Khetam ("fortress"), located on the great wall of Egypt, which extended from the Mediterranean Sea to the Gulf of Suez.
 It may be close to the modern town of Ismaïlia.
An image gradient is a directional change in the intensity or color in an image.
 The gradient of the image is one of the fundamental building blocks in image processing.
 For example the Canny edge detector uses image gradient for edge detection.
 In graphics software for digital image editing, the term gradient or color gradient is also used for a gradual blend of color which can be considered as an even gradation from low to high values, as used from white to black in the images to the right.
 Another name for this is "color progression".
In Irish mythology, Nechtan was the father and/or husband of Boann, eponymous goddess of the River Boyne.
 Elsewhere her husband is named as Elcmar.
 He may be Nuada under another name, or his cult may have been replaced by that of Nuada; others maintain that Nechtan may be another name for the Dagda.
 His inhabited the otherworldly Síd Nechtain, the mythological form of Carbury Hill.
 In the Dindsenchas Nechtan is described as the husband of Boann and the son of Nuadu.
Route 785 is a 68.8 km long mostly north-south secondary highway in the southwestern portion of New Brunswick, Canada.
 Locally, this road may be known as either the "Shin Crick Road" or the "Mine Road".
 In the early 1980s, a mine was established off Route 785, at Mount Pleasant.
 Today, Adex Mining holds a mineral claim on the mine however the mine is currently in an idle state.
 As a result of mine development at Mount Pleasant, Route 785 was heavily developed and rerouted from the original stage coach trail.
 Another name for the road is the "Sheldon Lee Highway", a satirical reference to former New Brunswick Minister of Transportation, Hon. Sheldon Lee, who continued developed the road during his terms in office, especially on the portion of road north of Mount Pleasant.
 Mr. Lee lived in the community of Bonny River, which is located near the southern end of Route 785, and likely many people today, frequently used the Route 785 for travel to Fredericton from the St. George area.
 Today, the road is heavily used by forest operations.
Oakenclough ( ) is an English hamlet located on the edge of the Forest of Bowland in Lancashire.
Kumāradāsa is the author of a Sanskrit "Mahākāvya" called the "Jānakī-haraṇa" or Jānakī’s abduction.
 "Jānakī" is another name of Sita, wife of Rama.
 Sita was abducted by Ravana when she along with Rama, exiled from his kingdom, and Lakshmana was living in a forest which incident is taken from Ramayana ('Rama’s Journey'), the great Hindu epic written by Valmiki.
The Leshy (Russian: Ле́ший ; ] ; literally, "[he] from the forest") is a tutelary deity of the forests in Slavic mythology.
 The plural form in Russian is лешие, "leshiye" (retaining the stress on the first syllable).
 Another name of the god is Boruta or Borewit from Slavic word "bor", pine tree forest.
 According to the folklore, the god dwells in this kind of tree.
 As the lord of woods and hunting he is equated with the god Porewit, of which he probably represents a local version.
 He was portrayed as an imposing figure, with horns over the head, surrounded by packs of wolves and bears.
The Lord Howe gerygone ("Gerygone insularis)" was a small bird in the family Acanthizidae, brown and greyish in color.
 Its head was brown apart from a pale grey eye-ring and a grey throat and chin, many parts of the animal varied to the colour of yellow, this being apparent in its bright yellow belly.
 It made its home in the canopies of the island's forest until the early 20th century.
 The bird has had a variety of monikers: locally, it was known as the "rain-bird" due to its activity after the rains, or the "pop-goes-the-weasel", due to the similarity of its song to the well-known tune.
 Another name for this bird is the Lord Howe gerygone flyeater.
 The bird was endemic to Lord Howe Island in the Tasman Sea (part of New South Wales, Australia).
 There have been no records of the species since 1928, and it is considered to be extinct.
 Its extinction is almost certainly due to predation by black rats which were accidentally introduced to the island in 1918 following the shipwreck of the SS "Makambo" there.
