São Gabriel Futebol Clube, commonly known as São Gabriel, is a Brazilian football club based in São Gabriel, Rio Grande do Sul state.
 They competed in the Copa do Brasil once.
Japan Philippines Voltes Marikina Football Club, formerly known as Manila All-Japan Football Club and commonly known as JP Voltes Football Club, is an association football club based in the city of Marikina, Philippines that currently plays in the Philippines Football League, the highest level of Philippine club football.
 The team consists of Japanese and Filipino players.
 It is one of the founding members of the United Football League in 2009, where the team played in UFL Division 2 and later in the only division of the league following the merger of UFL Division 1 and 2 in 2016.
Kyal Horsley (born 2 September 1987) is an Australian rules footballer who formerly played for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 Originally from Kalgoorlie, Western Australia, he previously also played with the Kalgoorlie City Football Club in the Goldfields Football League (GFL) and the Subiaco Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL), where he finished runner-up in the 2011 Sandover Medal to Luke Blackwell.
 Horsley was drafted by Gold Coast with the second pick in the 2012 Rookie Draft, and made his debut for the club in round five of the 2012 season.
 He was delisted by the club at the end of the 2013 season, after 14 games.
 Horsley returned to the Subiaco Football Club in 2014 to captain the WAFL side for the 2014 season.
 Horsley had a powerful return to the WAFL finishing third in the Sandover Medal count after leading the Lions to their 12th premiership.
Birmingham City Football Club, an English association football club based in Birmingham, was founded as Small Heath Alliance in 1875, and from 1877 played home games at Muntz Street.
 It adopted professionalism in 1885, and three years later, as Small Heath F.C., became a limited company with a board of directors, the first football club so to do.
 The team played in the Football Alliance from the 1889–90 season, and in 1892, along with the other Alliance teams, were invited to join the newly formed Second Division of the Football League.
 Although they finished as champions, they failed to win promotion via the test match system; the following season promotion to the First Division was secured after a second-place finish and test match victory over Darwen.
 The club adopted the name Birmingham Football Club in 1905, and the following year moved into a new home, St Andrew's Ground.
 Matters on the field failed to live up to their surroundings.
 Birmingham were relegated in 1908, obliged to apply for re-election two years later, and remained in the Second Division until after the First World War.
Stoke City Football Club is an English association football club based in Stoke-on-Trent.
 Founded as Stoke Ramblers Football Club in 1863, the club changed its name to Stoke Football Club in 1868 and then added the word "City" in 1927.
 During the 1888–89 season, Stoke joined the Football League and after a period in non-league football prior to World War I Stoke remained there until 2008 when Stoke gained promotion Premier League.
Stoke Gabriel Football Club is a football club based in Stoke Gabriel, Devon, established in the early 1900s.
 The club competes in the South West Peninsula League Premier Division and currently plays at the G.J. Churchward Memorial Ground.
FC Ifeanyi Ubah came into being from the acquisition of Gabros international Football Club by Dr. Patrick Ifeanyi Ubah.
 The Club was formerly known as IYAYI football club of Benin City before its acquisition by Chief Gabriel Chukwuma and renamed Gabros International Football Club.
 FC Ifeanyi Ubah has its headquarters at 21 Nnobi Road, Nnewi Anambra state.
Pachanga Diliman Football Club is a professional Filipino association football club based in Diliman, Quezon City that plays in the United Football League, the highest level of Philippine club football.
 It was founded in 1998 as Pachanga Football Club by then owner Alfredo Razon Gonzalez.
 In 2012, Pachanga was sold to the owners of Diliman Football Club, who then merged the two clubs.
 The team is managed by John Gutierrez and is headed by coach Yuki Matsuda.
Gabriel Barbosa Almeida (born 30 August 1996), known as Gabriel or "Gabigol", is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Portuguese club Benfica, on loan from Italian club Internazionale, and the Brazil national team.
Cork City Football Club (Irish: "Cumann Peile Chathair Chorcaí" ) is an Irish association football club based in Cork.
 The club currently plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
 The club was founded and elected to the League of Ireland in 1984.
 It was one of the first clubs in Ireland (and the first in Cork) to field a team of professional footballers.
 With the progression of professionalism at the club, continued development of the Turners Cross stadium and the transition to summer football, the club became one of the biggest and best supported clubs in the country.
 Between 2008 and 2010 however, the club suffered financial and management issues and entered a period of examinership.
 While the club's holding company was wound up by the courts, fans were awarded a licence under the name "Cork City FORAS Co-op" and entered a team in the 2010 League of Ireland First Division.
 The club subsequently re-acquired rights to the name "Cork City Football Club", and were promoted back to the premier division for the 2012 season.
