Doug DeVos (born october 6, 1964 in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is an American businessman.
 As President of Amway since 2002, Doug DeVos oversees daily operations of the company with Chairman Steve Van Andel.
 Together, they form the Office of the Chief Executive.
 DeVos is the youngest son of Helen June (Van Wesep) and Amway co-founder Rich DeVos, who, with Steve’s father Jay Van Andel, started Amway in Ada, Michigan, in 1959.
Alticor is an American corporation, privately owned and run by American families of DeVos and Van Andel.
 It was established in 1999 to serve as the parent company for a handful of business ventures, most notably the multi-level marketing company Amway and Amway Global, and a manufacturing and distribution company, Access Business Group.
 In 2006, Alticor purchased cosmetics maker Gurwitch Products from Neiman Marcus Group Inc., and operated it as a wholly owned subsidiary until Gurwitch was acquired by Shiseido in 2016.
Van Andel Institute (VAI) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit medical research institute in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
 VAI was founded by Jay and Betty Van Andel in 1996 and is composed of two institutes: Van Andel Research Institute (VARI) and Van Andel Education Institute (VAEI).
 VARI scientists study the genetic, cellular, and molecular origins of cancer and several other degenerative diseases, notably Parkinson's.
 VAEI offers various science education programs for students K-12, professional development for science teachers, and a graduate school for college students pursuing biomedical research.
Jay Van Andel (June 3, 1924 – December 7, 2004) was an American businessman, best known as co-founder of the Amway Corporation, along with Richard DeVos.
Richard Marvin DeVos Sr. (born March 4, 1926) is an American businessman, co-founder of Amway along with Jay Van Andel (company restructured as Alticor in 2000), and owner of the Orlando Magic NBA basketball team.
 In 2012, "Forbes" magazine listed him as the 60th wealthiest person in the United States, and the 205th richest in the world, with an estimated net worth of $5.1 billion.
 At one point, he was one of the 10 wealthiest Americans.
"Hypnotize" is a song by Armenian American rock band System of a Down.
 It was released in October 2005 as the lead single from their fifth studio album of the same name.
 The video was filmed on September 28, 2005, at the Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
 It reached number one on "Billboard's" Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart and is the band's biggest international hit.
Grand Rapids Medical Mile is a designated area within the city of Grand Rapids, Michigan.
 It began with medical-related development in the Hillside District Grand Rapids, Michigan, bordering both sides of Michigan Street.
 More than a decade later it encompasses an area five times larger.
 It has also been referred to as Grand Rapids Medical Corridor, Michigan Street Medical Corridor, Health Hill, Medical Hill, and Pill Hill, among other names.
 It was started in 1996 with the founding of Van Andel Institute by Jay and Betty Van Andel.
 It has since expanded to include the Grand Rapids Community College's Calkins Science Center across Bostwick Avenue, Spectrum Health's Butterworth Hospital complex, Grand Valley State University's Cook-DeVos Center for Health Sciences, and Michigan State University Secchia Center Medical School, among other facilities in the area.
The Tongil Industries Company Co., Ltd., (in short the “TIC”), is a South Korean heavy industry company headquartered in Changwon City, South Korea.
 TIC was founded in July, 1988 originally as the Jin Heung Machinery Co., Ltd.
 As of 2011, it comprises 4 business divisions; Machine tools, Ball Screws, Automobile Components and Heat Treatment.
 The Tongil Industries is a subsidiary of the TONGIL Group, a South Korean business conglomerate (chaebol) managed by Kook Jin “Justin” Moon, a U.S. citizen with a Korean ethnical background, who currently serves as Chairman of the group.
 The Tongil Industries currently have 3 locations; Korean headquarters, TIC-Europe (subsidiary in EU zone), and a US agent office.
Amway North America (formerly known as Quixtar North America) is an American worldwide multi-level marketing (MLM) company, founded 1959 in Ada, Michigan, United States.
 It is privately owned by the families of Richard DeVos and Jay Van Andel through Alticor which is the holding company for businesses including Amway, Amway Global, Fulton Innovation, Amway Hotel Corporation, Hatteras Yachts, and manufacturing and logistics company Access Business Group.
 After the launch of Amway Global (originally operating under the name Quixtar) it replaced the Amway business in the United States, Canada and the Caribbean, with the Amway business continuing to operate in other countries around the world.
 On May 1, 2009, Quixtar made the name change to Amway Global and fused the various different entities of the parent company.
Amway (short for "American Way") is an American company specializing in the use of multi-level marketing to sell health, beauty, and home care products.
 The company was founded in 1959 by Jay Van Andel and Richard DeVos and is based in Ada, Michigan.
