Lakeside Shopping Centre, branded as Intu Lakeside, is a large out-of-town shopping centre located in West Thurrock, in the borough of Thurrock, Essex just beyond the eastern boundary of Greater London.
 It was constructed on the site of a former chalk quarry.
 The first tenants moved into the complex in 1988 and it was completed in 1990, being opened on 25 October of that year by Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy, Marcus Bradford and Angus Ogilvy.
Newport Retail and Leisure Park (known locally as Spytty Retail Park) is an out-of-town shopping centre in the city of Newport, South East Wales.
 It is located in the Lliswerry area of the city and is accessed via the Southern Distributor Road (which connects to junction 24 of the M4 motorway).
Arena Essex Raceway is a stock car and speedway racing track located near Purfleet, Essex.
 The Lakeside Shopping Centre was built alongside the venue.
Arena Park Shopping Centre is a shopping park in Coventry, England.
 It is located in the north of the city and adjacent to the boundary with the Nuneaton and Bedworth district of Warwickshire.
 It was constructed at the same time as the neighbouring Ricoh Arena, from which it takes its name.
 It was built upon the site of the former Foleshill Gasworks which encompassed the area of the Shopping Centre and the Ricoh Arena.
 It is owned by Tesco Stores Limited.
 It is sometimes mistakenly referred to as Arena Shopping Park.
Braintree Freeport railway station is on the Braintree Branch Line in the East of England, serving the Freeport out-of-town shopping centre in Braintree, Essex.
 It is 44 mi down-line from London Liverpool Street via and it is situated between to the south and to the north.
 Its three-letter station code is BTP.
Hazeldean Mall is a shopping centre located in the Kanata district of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
 It is located at the intersection of Eagleson Road and Hazeldean Road, where Hazeldean Road turns into Robertson Road.
 It was the first enclosed shopping centre constructed in Kanata.
 The development of the mall was approved shortly before the incorporation of the (then) City of Kanata, and its approval lead to a legal battle between the constituent parts of the new municipality over the appropriate location of what would at that time be the new city's main commercial hub.
Bluewater Shopping Centre (commonly referred to as Bluewater) is an out-of-town shopping centre in Stone (postally Greenhithe), Kent, England, outside the M25 Orbital motorway, 17.8 mi east south-east of London's centre.
 Opened on 16 March 1999 in a former chalk quarry after ten years of building works, the site including car parks occupies 240 acres and has a sales floor area of 154,000 m (1,600,000 ft) over three levels, making it the fourth-largest shopping centre in the UK (after the MetroCentre, Trafford Centre and Westfield Stratford City).
 Elsewhere in Europe only Istanbul's Cevahir Mall and Vienna's (Vösendorf) Shopping City Süd are bigger.
 The floor plan is a triangular shape with 330 stores, including 3 anchors, 40 cafés and restaurants, and a 13-screen cinema.
 The centre employs 7,000 people and serves over 27 million visitors a year.
 A main rival is the Lakeside Shopping Centre and its two retail parks by road 8 mi away in West Thurrock, Essex, just across the River Thames or 3.2 mi point-to-point.
Bowthorpe is a suburban village to the west of Norwich, in the county of Norfolk, England.
 It is primarily a residential area, but includes a large industrial estate (Bowthorpe Industrial Estate; occupied by mix-use commercial business, including the technology sector) and one small out-of-town shopping centre, containing a supermarket and various smaller retail outlets.
 A police station and community hall are situated close to Bowthorpe village centre.
 Most of present-day Bowthorpe has been developed from the 1970s onward.
Paul William George Hurry (born 9 April 1975 in Canterbury, Kent) is a British international motorcycle speedway rider.
 Hurry began his racing career aged 16 with the Arena Essex Hammers in 1991.
 In 1994 he became British under 21 champion and in 2000 he finished in second place at the British Speedway Championship.
 Hurry was selected to represent the Great Britain national speedway team at the 2001 Speedway World Cup Race-off but the team failed to reach the final.
 After spells with various British clubs, Hurry returned to Arena Essex in 2004, where he stayed until 2007.
 He appeared to have retired from racing in 2007 due to ongoing problems with an arm injury, but returned to Elite League racing in 2009 to replace the injured Kyle Legault for Poole Pirates.
 In 2010, Hurry returned to ride for his first club, now renamed the Lakeside Hammers.
 Paul suffered horrific leg injuries in the Final of the 2010 European Grasstrack Final at La Reole and didn't return to racing until 2015.
 In that time away from the sport he has become a member of the ACU Track Racing Committee and has also become a 'Clerk of the Course'.
 He has also become a prominent member of the Astra grasstrack club and help promote, run and officiate at meetings.
Cribbs Causeway is a road in South Gloucestershire, England, just north of Bristol, which has given its name to the surrounding area, a large out-of-town shopping centre, including retail parks and an enclosed shopping centre known as The Mall.
 Cribbs Causeway road is situated west of Patchway, although in the civil parish of Almondsbury.
