Shazia Manzoor (Punjabi, Urdu: ‎ ) is a Pakistani singer from Rawalpindi who now resides in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
 She is a popular singer in Pakistan and India; and among the Punjabi diaspora.
 Shazia Manzoor sings mostly Punjabi music.
 She sang various Punjabi folk songs and Punjabi Sufi poems, and also sings Urdu songs as well.
 She is popular for her songs like "Aaja Soniya, Mahi Aavega", "Maye Ni Kinnu Akhan", "Chann Mere Makkhna" and "Dhol Mahia", etc.
 She has also performed at some charity concerts.
Suraiya Multanikar (born 1940 in Multan) is a Pakistani singer mostly known for her folk songs.
 Her repertoire includes classical, semi-classical, ghazal, folk songs and film songs.
Rahat Fateh Ali Khan is a Pakistani singer, who has sung several songs in Pakistan and India, including the Pakistani film and drama industries, as well as "Coke Studio" and Bollywood.
 He is a well-known Qawwali singer, and has also sung many national songs and ghazals.
Shuja Haider or Shuja Hyder is a Pakistani singer, songwriter, composer, music director and record producer.
 Haider is best known as a playback singer in commercially and critically acclaimed films "Khuda Kay Liye" (2007) and "Bol" (2011).
 He wrote and performed a song in an Indian film "Ru Ba Ru" (2008) and served as music director for Lux Style Awards for two years.
Arshad Mehmood is a Pakistani singer.
 Many of his songs for the Pakistani film industry, Lollywood, have been popular.
 He won the Nigar Award for Best Playback Singer in 1992 and then again in 1996.
Shehzad Roy is a Pakistani singer, social worker and humanitarian.
 He started his singing career in 1995 and has recorded six albums since.
 He has recorded many hit songs such as "Saali," "Teri Soorat" and "Kangna," but is most famous for his 2008 socio-political album "Qismat Apney Haath Mein".
 Roy is also the president and founder of Zindagi Trust, a non-government charitable organisation, that strives to improve the quality of education available to the average Pakistani.
Amjad Farid (Fareed) Sabri (23 December 1976 – 22 June 2016) was a Pakistani singer and a proponent of the Sufi Muslim tradition.
 Son of Ghulam Farid Sabri of the Sabri Brothers, he emerged as one of South Asia's most prominent "qawwali" singers, often reciting poems written by his father and uncle.
 He was shot dead in Karachi in a targeted killing claimed by a group of the Pakistani Taliban.
 Pakistani police and paramilitary arrested his alleged killers who have confessed to killing the renowned singer.
Riaz-Ur-Rehman Saghar (Urdu: ریاض الرحمٰن ساغر‎ , born 1 December 1941, Bathinda, Punjab, British India; died 2 June 2013, at Lahore, Pakistan) was a poet and a film song lyricist active in Pakistani cinema.
 He had been awarded numerous awards in recognition of his services to the Pakistani film industry.
 He is credited with having written over 25000 songs in his lifetime, including many for noted Pakistani singers such as Hadiqa Kiani ("Dupatta Mera Malmal Da" [دوپٹہ میرا ململ دا], "Yaad Sajan Di Ayi" [یاد سجن دی آوے]) and a duet song with Asha Bhosle and Adnan Sami Khan ("Kabhi to Nazar Milao" [کبھی تو نظر ملاؤ]).
 Saghar also wrote prose and film dialogue in some of the films.
Sahir Ali Bagga (Urdu: ساحر علی بگا‎ ) is a Pakistani singer, music director and composer from Lahore, who composes music for Lollywood and other independent singers.
 Recently he has composed music for the Pakistani movie, "Zinda Bhaag (2013)".
 He also worked on the soundtrack of Pakistani movies, "Hijrat" and "Tamanna", contributing two songs to the latter; Koi Dil Mein and Chell Oi.
 He has also composed music of Hum TV's Ishq-e-Benaam.
Venue Songs DVD/CD is a compilation album released in 2005 by They Might Be Giants on their own label, Idlewild Records.
 The bulk of the material comes from 2004's "Venue Songs", which is included in here in its entirety, although its order has been rearranged.
 "Venue Songs" was composed of original live songs about the venue they were playing in at the time.
 They wrote a song for each of the venues in about a day.
 This album includes new studio recorded versions of 11 of the venue songs, as well as other non-album songs recorded in the past year.
 The DVD contains a storyline about Venue Songs which integrates videos for some of the venue songs, and includes other bonus videos as well.
