Alexander Mark David Oxlade-Chamberlain (born 15 August 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Liverpool and the England national team.
Joy in the Morning is a 1965 American film directed by Alex Segal.
 It was adapted from the 1963 novel of the same name by Betty Smith.
 The film stars Richard Chamberlain as Carl Brown, and Yvette Mimieux as Annie McGairy Brown.
 The musical score for the film is by Bernard Herrmann, and the title song is sung by Richard Chamberlain.
The Laguna Canyon Project (1980-2010), a long-term environmental art project, used a variety of tactics and techniques to focus attention on the bucolic Laguna Canyon Road, one of the last undeveloped passages to the Pacific Ocean.
 The project, created by photographic artists Jerry Burchfield and Mark Chamberlain, was a response to explosive growth in south Orange County and especially to the threats of development within their hometown of Laguna Beach, California.
 What began as a 10-year project lasted for three decades.
Neville Patrick Chamberlain (born 22 January 1960) is an English former footballer.
 A forward, he scored 73 goals in 296 league games in a ten-year professional career in the Football League.
 His brother, Mark, was also a footballer, and his nephews Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Christian Oxlade-Chamberlain play for Liverpool and Portsmouth respectively, with Alex also an England international.
The 1981–82 season was Port Vale's 70th season of football in the Football League, and their fourth successive season (tenth overall) in the Fourth Division.
 John McGrath led his team to a seventh-place finish, a big improvement on the previous two seasons.
 Top-scorer Ernie Moss and midfielder Mark Chamberlain proved to be the stars of the season.
 The season was notable for Vale Park's lowest ever Football League attendance.
The Chamberlain Clock is an Edwardian, cast-iron, clock tower in the Jewellery Quarter of Birmingham, England.
 It was erected in 1903 to mark Joseph Chamberlain's tour of South Africa between 26 December 1902 and 25 February 1903, after the end of the Second Boer War.
 The clock was unveiled during Chamberlain's lifetime, in January 1904 by Mary Crowninshield Endicott, Joseph Chamberlain's third wife.
Mark Valentine Chamberlain (born 19 November 1961) is an English former international footballer.
 He is the younger brother of Neville Chamberlain, and the father of Liverpool and England international player Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Portsmouth's Christian Oxlade-Chamberlain.
Cal Chamberlain (April 21, 1968 – c. July 25, 2008), born Mark Chamberlain, was an artist and Internet pioneer based in New York City.
 He was among the first journalists to achieve notability through online media.
Daniel R. Chamberlain is a former president of Houghton College.
 He served for 30 years a president of the college.
 He is married to the former Joyce Books, and has 7 children: Rodney, Mark, Anthony, Priscilla, Aletha, Cynthia, and Marianne.
 On February 14, 2005, Dr. Chamberlain announced his retirement from the post of president effective May 2006.
 He is succeeded by Dr. Shirley Mullen as of June 1, 2006.
 At the time of his retirement he was one of the longest serving college Presidents in the United States.
Mark Phineas Chamberlain is an American photographic/environmental/installation artist, gallery owner and curator.
 He was born and raised in Dubuque, Iowa (See List of people from Dubuque, Iowa), received his BA in Political Science in 1965, and Masters in Operations Research in 1967, from the University of Iowa.
 Chamberlain was drafted into the U.S. Army in 1967 and stationed in Korea during the American War in Vietnam.
 On discharge from the army, he changed his previous career course to become a photographic artist.
 He explains, "While stationed overseas, I picked up a camera to maintain my sanity and provide a creative outlet.
 I also took classes in the Korean language and history and found a photography mentor in the military crafts program.
 Returning home, I had a growing desire to find an outlet for this newfound passion."
 In 1969, Chamberlain moved to Southern California, aspiring to open a photographic art gallery.
