County Dublin (Irish: "Contae Bhaile Átha Cliath" or "Contae Átha Cliath") is a county in Ireland.
 Since the abolition of Dublin County Council in 1994, for local government it has been divided into four administrative areas: Dublin city, Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown, Fingal and South Dublin (as numbered 1 to 4 in the figure below).
 The population of the entire county was 1,345,402 according to the census of 2016.
 It is conterminous with the Dublin Region and is in the province of Leinster.
 It is named after the city of Dublin, which is the regional capital and the capital city of Ireland.
 County Dublin was one of the first parts of Ireland to be shired by John, King of England following the Norman invasion of Ireland.
Norman Police Department is the primary law enforcement agency in Norman, Oklahoma.
 Consisting of over 180 officers and 60 support staff, the department is the third largest in Oklahoma, and serves a population of over 100,000 people.
 The city can boast one of the lowest per capita crime rates in the nation.
 The department is headed by Keith L. Humphrey, a member of the department since 2011.
Whimple is a village and civil parish in East Devon in the English county of Devon, approximately 9 mi due east of the city of Exeter, and 3 mi from the nearest small town, Ottery St Mary.
 It has a population of 1,642, recounted to 1,173 for the village alone in the United Kingdom Census 2011.
 The electoral ward with the same name had a population of 2,380 at the above census.
 It was listed in the Domesday Book as 'Winpla' which according to the Oxford Dictionary of English Place Names was originally the name of the stream that runs through the village, a Brythonic Celtic name meaning 'white pool' being a compound of the British words corresponding to Welsh "gwyn", 'white' and "pwll", 'pool'.
 In DB there was a place called "Wympelwell in parochia de Taleton" referring to the spot where the stream rises in neighbouring Talaton parish.
 The village is centred on the largely 19th century village square and rebuilt Norman church (which W. G. Hoskins described as having little of interest 'except a few carved bench ends').
 Through the square runs a small stream which is one of many local tributaries of the River Clyst, which in turn feeds into the Exe.
Norman Y. Mineta San Jose International Airport (IATA: SJC, ICAO: KSJC, FAA LID: SJC) is a city-owned public airport in San Jose, California, United States.
 It is named after San Jose native Norman Mineta, former Transportation Secretary in the Cabinet of George W. Bush and Commerce Secretary in the Cabinet of Bill Clinton.
 The name also recognizes Mineta's service as a councilman for, and mayor of, San Jose.
 It is a U.S. Customs and Border Protection international port of entry.
 It is three miles northwest of Downtown San Jose near the intersections of U.S. Route 101, Interstate 880, and State Route 87.
 In 2016, 50.5% of departing or arriving passengers at SJC flew on Southwest Airlines; Alaska Airlines, for which SJC is also a focus city, was second most popular with about 12.3% of passengers.
Ride with Norman Reedus is an American travel series that premiered on AMC on June 12, 2016.
 The series follows actor and motorcycle enthusiast Norman Reedus where he and a guest of the week travel across a different destination on a motorcycle while exploring the city's biker culture and checking out various locales.
Norman is a city in the U.S. state of Oklahoma 20 mi south of downtown Oklahoma City in its metropolitan area.
 The population was 110,925 at the 2010 census.
 Norman's estimated population of 120,284 in 2015 makes it the third-largest city in Oklahoma, and the city serves as the county seat of Cleveland County.
Norman Mervyn Barrington-Foote is a Canadian musician, songwriter, and comedian.
 Foote is originally from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
 He has been nominated for four Juno Awards for Best Children's Album in 1990, 1993, 2001, and won in 2010.
Town Bloody Hall is a 1971 documentary film of a panel debate between feminist advocates and activist Norman Mailer.
 Filmed on April 30, 1971, in The Town Hall in New York City, "Town Bloody Hall" features a panel of feminist advocates for the women's liberation movement and Norman Mailer, the writer of "The Prisoner of Sex".
 Chris Hegedus and D. A. Pennebaker produced the film, which stars Jacqueline Ceballos, Germaine Greer, Jill Johnston, Diane Trilling, and Norman Mailer.
 The footage of the panel was recorded and released as a documentary in 1979.
 Produced by Shirley Broughton, the event was originally filmed by Pennebaker.
 The footage was then filed and rendered unusable.
 Hegedus met Pennebaker a few years later, and the two edited the final version of the film for its release in 1979.
 Pennebaker described his filming style as one that exists without labels, in order to let the viewer come to a conclusion about the material, which inspired the nature of the "Town Bloody Hall" documentary.
 The recording of the debate was intended to ensure the unbiased documentation, allowing it to become a concrete moment in feminist history.
Hall Park is a neighborhood in Norman, Oklahoma.
 It was originally a town in Cleveland County, Oklahoma and part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area.
 It began in the 1960s and is named after the founder Ike Hall.
 At the time of the 2000 census, the town population was 1,088 prior to becoming part of the City of Norman.
The Mississippi Institute of Arts and Letters (MIAL) is a privately funded foundation created to recognize annually the greatest accomplishments in art, music, literature, and photography among Mississippians.
 The idea was conceived by, among others, former Mississippi Governor William Winter, Dr. Cora Norman, Dr. Aubrey Lucas, and Dr. Noel Polk in 1978, and the first awards were given out in 1980.
 Nominations for these awards may be made only by registered members of the Institute.
 The winners are chosen by a jury of prominent academics in each of the seven fields: Fiction, Non-fiction, Visual Art, Concert Musical Composition, Popular Musical Composition, Photography, and Poetry.
 The ceremony is held in a different Mississippi city each year.
 Past winners have included Walker Percy, Ellen Douglas, Ellen Gilchrist, Richard Ford, Larry Brown, Rick Bass, Lewis Nordan, Beverly Lowry, Donna Tartt, Clifton Taulbert, Barry Hannah, Willie Morris, Leontyne Price, Cynthia Shearer, Stephen Ambrose, Steve Yarbrough, Tom Franklin, Brad Watson, Shelby Foote, Natasha Trethewey, Birney Imes, Maude Schyler Clay, William Grant Still, Morgan Freeman, Christopher Maurer, Wyatt Waters, Logan Skelton, and many others.
 Lifetime achievement awards have been presented to artists such as Gulf Coast painter and potter Walter Anderson, Jackson writer Eudora Welty, and the distinguished film actor from the Delta, Morgan Freeman.
