Pacific Bell Telephone Company (Pacific Bell) provides telephone service in California.
 The company is owned by AT&T Inc. through AT&T Teleholdings.
 The company has been known by a number of names during which its service area has changed.
 The formal name of the company from the 1910s through the 1984 Bell System divestiture was The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company.
 As of 2002, the name “Pacific Bell” is no longer commonly used.
CS "Telconia" was an English cable ship used in the early 20th century to lay and repair submarine communications cables.
 It was built in 1909 by Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson for the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company (a subsidiary of the Atlantic Telegraph Company) and remained in service until late 1934.
The People's Republic of China possesses a diversified communications system that links all parts of the country by Internet, telephone, telegraph, radio, and television.
 The country is served by an extensive system of automatic telephone exchanges connected by modern networks of fiber-optic cable, coaxial cable, microwave radio relay, and a domestic satellite system; cellular telephone service is widely available, expanding rapidly, and includes roaming service to foreign countries.
 Fiber to the x infrastructure has been expanded rapidly in recent years.
Boston United Football Club is an English football club based in Boston, Lincolnshire.
 The club participates in the National League North, the sixth tier of English football.
 The club is known as 'the Pilgrims' in reference to the Pilgrim Fathers, who left England and sailed to North America and founded Boston, Massachusetts.
 The club's crest, the pilgrim fathers' ship 'The Mayflower', is also a reference to them.
 The club's traditional colours are amber and black.
 Boston's neighbours include Lincoln City, Scunthorpe United and Grimsby Town.
 The club is one of only 12 in the country to run a Centre of Excellence, provides a Study Support Centre and is also the basis of the 'Boston United Football in the Community Scheme'.
James Neil (born 28 February 1976) is an English former professional footballer who played in the English Football League between 1994 and 1999, and played on the right side of midfield.
 He could also be used at right back.
 During his career he played for Grimsby Town, Scunthorpe United and Grantham Town.
The Reid Newfoundland Company was incorporated in September 1901 and was the operator of the Newfoundland Railway across the island from 1901 to 1923.
 For a time it was the largest landowner in the country.
 The company was founded by Sir Robert Gillespie Reid of Scotland, a businessman who had interests in the development of the Pulp and paper industry and mining industry.
 The company was also the owner and operator of the coastal boat service, known as the Alphabet Fleet, the telegraph line and the electrical service in St. John's.
The Grimsby Telegraph is a daily British regional newspaper for the town of Grimsby and the surrounding area that makes up North East Lincolnshire including the rural towns of Market Rasen and Louth.
 The main area for the paper's distribution is in or around Grimsby and Cleethorpes.
 It is published six days a week (daily except Sundays) with a free sister paper ("Grimsby Target") being published once per week.
Rugby Radio Station was a radio transmission facility at Hillmorton near the town of Rugby, Warwickshire in England, situated just west of the A5 trunk road and in later years junction 18 of the M1 motorway.
 Its large very low frequency (VLF) transmitter came into service on 1 January 1926 and was originally used to transmit telegraph messages to the Commonwealth as part of the Imperial Wireless Chain.
 After the 1950s this transmitter, active as callsign GBR on 16.0 kHz, using Morse code and later on 15.975 kHz with frequency-shift keying FSK and minimum-shift keying MSK, was used for transmitting messages to submerged submarines. Criggion radio station acted as a reserve.
 The GBR transmitter was shut down on 1 April 2003 and was replaced by a new one at the Skelton transmitting station.
Baron Pavel L'vovitch Schilling, also known as Paul Schilling (5 April 1786, Reval (now, Tallinn), Russian empire – St. Petersburg, Russia, 25 July 1837), was a diplomat of Baltic German origin employed in the service of Russia in Germany, and who built a pioneering electrical telegraph.
 It consisted of a single needle system which used a telegraph code to indicate the characters in a message.
The Scunthorpe Telegraph is a local paid-for newspaper published and distributed weekly in Scunthorpe, England.
 It was launched on 8 September 1937.
 Prior to the "Scunthorpe Telegraph"' s launch, the town was served by the "Grimsby Evening Telegraph".
