The Oklahoma City bombing was a domestic terrorist truck bombing on the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States on April 19, 1995.
 Perpetrated by Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols, the bombing killed 168 people, injured more than 680 others, and destroyed one-third of the building.
 The blast destroyed or damaged 324 other buildings within a 16-block radius, shattered glass in 258 nearby buildings, and destroyed or burned 86 cars, causing an estimated $652 million worth of damage.
 Extensive rescue efforts were undertaken by local, state, federal, and worldwide agencies in the wake of the bombing, and substantial donations were received from across the country.
 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) activated eleven of its Urban Search and Rescue Task Forces, consisting of 665 rescue workers who assisted in rescue and recovery operations.
 The Oklahoma City bombing was the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil until the September 11 attacks six years later, and it still remains the deadliest incident of domestic terrorism in United States history.
The Oklahoma City National Memorial is a memorial in the United States that honors the victims, survivors, rescuers, and all who were affected by the Oklahoma City bombing on April 19, 1995.
 The memorial is located in downtown Oklahoma City on the former site of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, which was destroyed in the 1995 bombing.
 This building was located on NW 5th Street between N. Robinson Avenue and N. Harvey Avenue.
American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh & The Oklahoma City Bombing (2001) is a book by Buffalo, New York journalists Lou Michel and Dan Herbeck that chronicles the life of Timothy McVeigh from his childhood in Pendleton, New York, to his military experiences in the Persian Gulf War, to his preparations for and carrying out of the Oklahoma City bombing, to his trial and death row experience.
 One of the appendices lists all 168 people killed in the blast, along with brief biographical information.
 (There were plans to include a chapter about his execution in the softcover edition.)
 It is the only biography authorized by McVeigh himself, and was based on 75 hours of interviews that the authors had with McVeigh.
 McVeigh was said to be pleased overall with the book, but disappointed with the way he was portrayed and the explanation of his motive.
 Coauthor Michel said he viewed McVeigh as a "human being with a limited range of feelings in the areas of empathy and sympathy and with an oversized sense of rage and resentment."
Kenneth Michael Trentadue (December 19, 1950 – August 21, 1995) was an American citizen who was found hanged in his cell at FTC Oklahoma during the investigation of the Oklahoma City bombing.
 His death was officially ruled a suicide three years after it occurred.
 Trentadue's family maintains that he was murdered by members of FBI who mistakenly believed he was involved in the Oklahoma bombing and that officials at the prison engaged in a cover-up.
 Oklahoma City's chief medical examiner said of Trentadue that it was "very likely he was murdered".
 Timothy McVeigh stated that he believed Trentadue was mistaken for Richard Lee Guthrie Jr., a suspected co-conspirator in the bombing who also died in federal custody, allegedly from suicide by hanging.
The history of Oklahoma City refers to the history of city of Oklahoma City, and the land on which it developed.
 Oklahoma City's history begins with the settlement of "unassigned lands" in the region in the 1880s, and continues with the city's development through statehood, World War I and the Oklahoma City bombing.
Jayna Davis was a broadcast journalist for KFOR-TV in Oklahoma City at the time of the Oklahoma City Bombing.
 Her TV stories about the mysteriously cancelled FBI alert for "Middle-Eastern-looking" suspects wanted in connection with the April 19, 1995 Oklahoma City bombing generated confidential phone tips about a group of local Iraqis, including one who seemed to match an FBI profile sketch of John Doe No. 2.
St. Joseph Old Cathedral is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City located in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.
 It was the seat of the 'Diocese of Oklahoma City-Tulsa' from 1905-1931; and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The cathedral was severely damaged during the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995.
Terry Lynn Nichols (born April 1, 1955) is an American who was convicted of being an accomplice in the Oklahoma City bombing.
 Prior to his incarceration, he held a variety of short-term jobs, working as a farmer, grain elevator manager, real estate salesman and ranch hand.
 He met his future conspirator, Timothy McVeigh, during a brief stint in the U.S. Army, which ended in 1989 when he requested a hardship discharge after less than one year of service.
 In 1994 and 1995, he conspired with McVeigh in the planning and preparation of the Oklahoma City bombing – the truck bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, on April 19, 1995.
 The bombing claimed the lives of 168 people.
The Third Terrorist: The Middle East Connection to the Oklahoma City Bombing is a book by journalist Jayna Davis about evidence of an alleged conspiracy behind the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing.
 The Justice Department initially sought, but then abandoned its search for, a Middle East suspect.
 The book was published in April 2004 by Nelson Current Publishers, and became a New York Times best-seller.
 In contrast to conspiracy theories that the bombing was a false flag attack perpetrated by elements of the US government, the book presents a theory that links the Oklahoma City bombers to agents of Iraq and Al-Qaeda, operating under Iranian state sponsorship.
James Ellison (  1937 ) was an American white supremacist leader from San Antonio, Texas.
 In 1971, he founded the radical organization The Covenant, The Sword, and the Arm of the Lord (CSA).
 Ellison purchased a 250 acre strip of land near Elijah, Missouri to serve as his compound.
 He was also a close associate of both Richard Wayne Snell and Timothy McVeigh.
