William Edward Raab Covell (29 November 1892 – 16 August 1975) was an officer in the U.S. Army from 1915 to 1940 and from 1941 to 1946.
 His highest rank held was major general.
Colonel Sir Charles Rosdew Forbes-Leith, 1st Baronet (20 February 1859 – 2 November 1930), known as Charles Burn until 1923 and as Sir Charles Burn, Bt, between 1923 and 1925, was a British army officer and Conservative Party politician who was Member of Parliament for Torquay from 1910 to 1923.
Field Marshal Sir Charles Comyn Egerton (10 November 1848 – 20 February 1921) was a senior Indian Army officer from the Egerton family.
Wei (尉) is the rank held by company-grade officers in the military of both the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China.
 It currently exists in three grades, "shao wei" (少尉), "zhong wei" (中尉) ("chung wei" using Wade–Giles), and "shang wei" (上尉).
 An additional grade, "da wei" (大尉), formerly existed in the People's Liberation Army, during the period 1955-1965.
 However, when the use of rank and insignia was restored in 1988, this rank was not re-established.
 As opposed to the Western tradition of using different names for equivalent ranks in the army and navy, Chinese armed forces use the same rank names for all services, prefixed in the case of the PLA by "hai jun" (海军) (naval force) or "kong jun" (空军) (air force).
Commissioned officers' rank insignia are identical for the army and air force.
 These are gold on a bright green or black shoulder board for the army and gold on a bright blue board for the air force.
 Officer ranks are standard, although the highest is the equivalent of Colonel General, a rank held in 1986 only by the commander in chief and the minister of defense.
 Navy officer rank insignia are gold stripes worn on the lower sleeve.
 The highest-ranking officer in Syria's navy is the equivalent of lieutenant general.
 Army and air force rank for warrant officers is indicated by gold stars on an olive green shield worn on the upper left arm.
 Lower noncommissioned ranks are indicated by upright and inverted chevrons worn on the upper left arm.
Master aircrew (MAcr) is the warrant-officer rank held by aircrew in the Royal Air Force.
 It is equivalent to warrant officer in other trades, and is effectively the highest non-commissioned aircrew rank.
 It has a NATO rank code of OR-9.
Xiao (校) (Wade–Giles: Hsiao) is the rank held by field officers in the military of both the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China.
 The People's Liberation Army uses four grades while the Republic of China uses only three, with the rank equivalent to the fourth being treated as a general officer rank.
 This difference is found in other militaries as well.
 For example.
 in the British Army a brigadier is considered a field officer, while the equivalent rank in the United States Army, brigadier general, is considered a general officer.
 The PLA use the same rank names for all services, prefixed by Hai Jun (海军) (Naval Force) or Kong Jun (空军) (Air Force).
 While the ROC does the same for enlisted ranks and company-grade officers, it has distinct names for the higher naval ranks.
Jiang () is the rank held by general officers in the military of both the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China on Taiwan.
 The People's Liberation Army and the People's Armed Police use three levels at present while the Republic of China Armed Forces use four, with the rank equivalent to the fourth being treated as a field officer rank in the PLA (i.e. senior colonel equivalent to brigadier general ).
 This difference is found in other militaries as well.
 For example.
 in the British Army a brigadier is considered a field officer, while the equivalent rank in the United States Army, brigadier general, is considered a general officer.
Sowar (Hindi: सवार, ਸਵਾਰ, also "siwar" meaning "the one who rides" or "rider", from Persian "sawār"), was originally a rank during the Mughal, Maratha period.
 Later during the British Raj it was the name in Anglo-Indian usage for a horse-soldier belonging to the cavalry troops of the native armies of British India and the feudal states.
 It is also used more specifically of a mounted orderly, escort or guard.
 It was also the rank held by ordinary cavalry troopers, equivalent to sepoy in the infantry - this rank has been inherited by the modern armies of India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh.
General (or full general to distinguish it from the lower general officer ranks) is the highest rank currently achievable by serving officers of the British Army.
 The rank can also be held by Royal Marines officers in tri-service posts, for example, General Sir Gordon Messenger the new Vice-Chief of the Defence Staff.
 It ranks above lieutenant-general and, in the Army, is subordinate to the rank of field marshal, which is now only awarded as an honorary rank.
 The rank of general has a NATO-code of OF-9, and is a four-star rank.
 It is equivalent to a full admiral in the Royal Navy or an air chief marshal in the Royal Air Force.
