13 Dead End Drive is a murder-themed board game from Milton Bradley.
 Released in 1993, it was followed in 2002 by a sequel, "1313 Dead End Drive".
Where the Dead Men Lie is a poem by Australian poet Barcroft Boake.
 It was first published in "The Bulletin" magazine on 19 December 1891, and later in the poet's poetry collection "Where the Dead Men Lie, and Other Poems" (1897).
Ten Dead Men is a 2008 thriller film and the follow-up to the cult independent film "Left for Dead".
 Produced by the same company, (Modern Life?
) "Ten Dead Men" features many of the same actors as its predecessor.
 "Ten Dead Men" was directed by Ross Boyask and produced by Phil Hobden.
 The film released in UK, France, Indonesia and Japan.
City of Dead Men is a horror thriller film directed by Kirk Sullivan, marking Sullivan's directorial debut, and starring Diego Boneta, Jackson Rathbone and María Mesa.
 The film tells the story of Michael, an American traveler that arrives in Medellín where he meets Melody, who introduces him to a radical group of young men called "The Dead Men" who live in an abandoned psychiatric hospital.
Toby Harnden (born 14 January 1966) is an Anglo-American journalist and author.
 He has been Washington bureau chief of "The Sunday Times" since January 2013.
 He previously spent 17 years at "The Daily Telegraph", based in London, Belfast, Washington, Jerusalem and Baghdad, finishing as US Editor from 2006 to 2011, and was also US Executive Editor of "Mail Online" and US Editor of the "Daily Mail" for a year in 2012.
 He is the author of two books: "Bandit Country: The IRA & South Armagh" (1999) and "Dead Men Risen: The Welsh Guards and the Defining Story of Britain's War in Afghanistan" (2011).
 "Dead Men Risen" won the 2012 Orwell Prize for Books.
 He was reporter and presenter of the BBC Panorama Special programme "Broken by Battle" about suicide and PTSD among British soldiers, broadcast on July 15, 2013.
The Dead Men of Dunharrow (also referred as the Shadow Host, the Grey Host, the oathbreakers, or simply the Dead) are fictional characters in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium.
 They appear in "The Lord of the Rings" as the ghosts of Men of the White Mountains ("Ered Nimrais"), who were cursed to remain in Middle-earth by Isildur after they abandoned their oath to aid him in the War of the Last Alliance.
 They were formerly known as the Men of the Mountains, and they were related to the Dunlendings.
Dead Men Dreaming is a Rock band from Staten Island, New York.
 They have performed with bands such as Static X, Bury Your Dead, Life of Agony, Type O Negative, ill Niño, Kittie, Dope, Otep, Walls of Jericho, Black Market Hero, Flaw, Marc Rizzo of Soulfly, Suicide City, Wheatus, Britny Fox, Enuff Z'nuff, Strength in Numbers and The PennyRoyals.
1313 Dead End Drive is a murder-themed board game from Parker Brothers.
 Released in 2002, it was the sequel to 1993 game "13 Dead End Drive".
13 Dead Men is a 2003 film starring rapper Mystikal and Lorenzo Lamas.
 It was written and directed by Art Camacho.
Where the Dead Men Lie, and Other Poems (1897) is the first and only collection of poems by Australian poet Barcroft Boake.
 Edited by A. G. Stephens, it was released in hardback by Angus and Robertson in 1897, five years after the poet's death.
 It contains an introduction by the editor, an introductory poem by Will H. Ogilvie, and features the poet's major works "Jack's Last Muster", "Jim's Whip" and "Where the Dead Men Lie".
