Oryza glaberrima, commonly known as African rice, is one of the two domesticated rice species.
 It was first domesticated and grown in West Africa, and was brought to the Americas by enslaved West African rice farmers.
 It is now largely a subsistence crop, rarely sold in markets even in West Africa.
A domestic rabbit or domesticated rabbit ("Oryctolagus"), more commonly known as simply a rabbit, is any of the domesticated varieties of the European rabbit species.
 Rabbits were first domesticated in the Middle Ages and are used as sources of food, fur, and wool, as research subjects, and as pets.
 The male is called a "buck" and the female is a "doe"; a young rabbit is a "kit" or "bunny".
The origin of the domestic dog is not clear.
 The domestic dog is a member of genus "Canis" (canines) that forms part of the wolf-like canids, and is the most widely abundant carnivore.
 The closest living relative of the dog is the gray wolf and there is no evidence of any other canine contributing to its genetic lineage.
 The dog and the extant gray wolf form two sister clades, with modern wolves not closely related to the wolves that were first domesticated.
 The archaeological record shows the first undisputed dog remains buried beside humans 14,700 years ago, with disputed remains occurring 36,000 years ago.
 These dates imply that the earliest dogs arose in the time of human hunter-gatherers and not agriculturists.
 The dog was the first domesticated species.
The National Company of Popular Subsistences (Spanish: Compañía Nacional de Subsistencias Populares, CONASUPO) was a Mexican parastatal in charge of developing actions related with the system of supply and the Mexican alimentary security.
 It was created in 1962 with the intention of guaranteeing the purchase and regulation of prices in products of the basic diet, particularly the corn.

This is a list of potato dishes that use potato as a main ingredient.
 The potato is a starchy, tuberous crop.
 It is the world's fourth-largest food crop, following rice, wheat and maize.
 The annual diet of an average global citizen in the first decade of the 21st century included about 33 kg of potato.
 The potato was first domesticated in the region of modern-day southern Peru and extreme northwestern Bolivia between 8000 and 5000 BCE.
 It has since spread around the world and become a staple crop in many countries.
Liconsa S.A. de C.V. is a Mexican parastatal company subsidized by the Federal government of Mexico depending on the Secretariat of Social Development.
 Created as part of a series of social support programs, its function is industrialize and commercialize premium grade milk bags at very low cost to feed, nurture and help the physical development and to improve the quality of life on people in extreme poverty and in social vulnerability.
Ah Cacao Real Chocolate, SA de CV is a niche Mexican chocolate brand based in Playa del Carmen, Quintana Roo near Cancun.
 The company was founded in 2003 by entrepreneurs from Mexico.
 Even though cacao was first domesticated in Mexico, today Ah Cacao Real Chocolate is one of only a few companies making premium chocolate products from Mexican cacao.
 Ah Cacao products are sold mainly in Mexico.
Helianthus annuus, the common sunflower, is a large annual forb of the genus "Helianthus" grown as a crop for its edible oil and edible fruits (sunflower seeds).
 This sunflower species is also used as bird food, as livestock forage (as a meal or a silage plant), and in some industrial applications.
 The plant was first domesticated in the Americas.
 Wild "Helianthus annuus" is a widely branched annual plant with many flower heads.
 The domestic sunflower, however, often possesses only a single large inflorescence (flower head) atop an unbranched stem.
 The name "sunflower" may derive from the flower's head's shape, which resembles the sun, or from the impression that the blooming plant appears to slowly turn its flower towards the sun as the latter moves across the sky on a daily basis.
The potato was first domesticated in the region of modern-day southern Peru and extreme northwestern Bolivia between 8000 and 5000 BC.
 It has since spread around the world and become a staple crop in many countries.
The domestic dog ("Canis lupus familiaris" or "Canis familiaris") is a member of genus "Canis" (canines) that forms part of the wolf-like canids, and is the most widely abundant carnivore.
 The dog and the extant gray wolf are sister taxa, with modern wolves not closely related to the wolves that were first domesticated, which implies that the direct ancestor of the dog is extinct.
 The dog was the first domesticated species and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes.
