The Sam Wanamaker Award or Sam Wanamaker Prize is an award established in 1994 for pioneering work in Shakespearean theatre, usually given to individuals who have worked closely with Shakespeare's Globe or the Royal Shakespeare Company; the award is not specific to artistic contribution, and has frequently been granted to businessmen and academics.
 It is one of the three British awards for classical theatre, alongside the Ian Charleson Award and The Owle Schreame Awards.
 It is presented by Shakespeare's Globe and named after Sam Wanamaker, the theatre's founder.
Sooky is a 1931 American Pre-Code adventure film directed by Norman Taurog and written by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Norman Z. McLeod and Sam Mintz.
 It is a sequel to the 1931 film "Skippy".
 The film stars Jackie Cooper, Robert Coogan, Jackie Searl, Willard Robertson, Enid Bennett and Helen Jerome Eddy.
 The film was released on December 26, 1931, by Paramount Pictures.
Skippy is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film.
 The screenplay by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Don Marquis, Norman Z. McLeod, and Sam Mintz was based on the comic strip "Skippy" by Percy Crosby.
Public Pigeon No.
 One is a 1957 comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod.
 It stars Red Skelton and Vivian Blaine.
Samuel Wanamaker, CBE (born Samuel Wattenmacker; June 14, 1919 – December 18, 1993) was an American actor and director who moved to the UK after he feared being blacklisted in Hollywood due to his early pronounced liberal sympathies.
 He is credited as the person most responsible for the modern recreation of Shakespeare's Globe Theatre in London, where he is commemorated in the name of the Sam Wanamaker Playhouse, the site's second theatre.
Isn't It Romantic?
 is a 1948 film from Paramount Pictures, directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Veronica Lake and Billy De Wolfe.
 Supporting actors included Mona Freeman, Richard Webb and Pearl Bailey.
 Although it takes its title from a 1932 song by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart, it is based on a novel called "Gather Ye Rosebuds" by Jeannette C. Nolan.
Swing Shift Maisie (a.k.a. Swing It, Maisie) is a 1943 romantic comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod.
 It is the seventh in a series of 10 films starring Ann Sothern as Maisie, preceded by "Maisie Gets Her Man" (1942) and followed by "Maisie Goes to Reno" (1944).
 Her co-stars are James Craig and Jean Rogers.
Never Wave at a WAC is a 1953 comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod, and starring Rosalind Russell and Paul Douglas.
The Sam Wanamaker Playhouse is an indoor theatre forming part of Shakespeare's Globe, along with the Globe Theatre on Bankside, London.
 Built making use of 17th-century plans for an indoor theatre, the playhouse recalls the layout and style of the Blackfriars Theatre, although it is not an exact reconstruction.
 Its shell was built during the construction of the Shakespeare's Globe complex, notable for the reconstruction of the open-air Globe Theatre of the same period.
 The shell was used as a space for education workshops and rehearsals until enough money was raised to complete the playhouse.
 It opened in January 2014, named after Sam Wanamaker, the leading figure in the Globe's reconstruction.
If I Had a Million is a 1932 American pre-Code Paramount Studios anthology film.
 There were seven directors: Ernst Lubitsch, Norman Taurog, Stephen Roberts, Norman Z. McLeod, James Cruze, William A. Seiter, and H. Bruce Humberstone.
 Lubitsch, Cruze, Seiter, and Humberstone were each responsible for a single vignette, Roberts and McLeod directed two each, and Taurog was in charge of the prologue and epilogue.
 The screenplays were scripted by many different writers, with Joseph L. Mankiewicz making a large contribution.
 "If I Had a Million" is based on a novel by Robert Hardy Andrews.
