Pobalscoil Ghaoth Dobhair ("Gweedore Community School") is an Irish-medium secondary school in the Gaeltacht district of Gaoth Dobhair, County Donegal, Ireland.
 It has a pupil attendance of 399.
Rónán Mac Aodha Bhuí is an Irish-language broadcaster known particularly for his popular magazine programme "Rónán Beo" on RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta.
 He was born on 6 May 1970 in Cork, but was brought up in Gweedore, in the Donegal gaeltacht, where he attended Bunscoil Bhun Bhig and Pobalscoil Ghaoth Dobhair.
 He is the youngest son of the author Fionntán Mac Aodha Bhuí and comes from a family of eight.
Neil McGee (born 13 November 1985) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Gweedore, County Donegal.
 He plies his trade with the Ghaoth Dobhair club and plays inter-county for Donegal.
"Gleanntáin Ghlas' Ghaoth Dobhair" is a song in the Irish language written by Irish musician Proinsias Ó Maonaigh (father of Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh of Altan) about his hometown of Gaoth Dobhair in County Donegal.
 It translates as ""the green glens of Gweedore"".
 The song is one of the well-known Irish language songs of Ireland and it can be heard in many Irish pubs around the world.
Eamon McGee (born 26 April 1984) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Gweedore, County Donegal.
 He plies his trade with the Ghaoth Dobhair club and played inter-county for Donegal between the years 2004 to 2016.
Odhrán Mac Niallais (17 August 1992) is an Irish Gaelic footballer.
 He plays with C.L.G. Ghaoth Dobhair and the Donegal senior inter-county team.
 With one Ulster senior title to his name, Mac Niallais has been a prominent feature of the Donegal midfield since 2014.
Amharclann Ghaoth Dobhair (pron. ] )
, anglicized as Gweedore Theatre, is a local theatre in the Gaeltacht region of Derrybeg in the parish of Gweedore, County Donegal, Ireland.
 It seats over 200 patrons, and ever since it was opened by actress Siobhán McKenna, it has staged hundreds of plays in the Irish language.
Seán McGinley (c. 1952 – 1 November 2009), known as Seán Mac Fhionnghaile, was an Irish actor from County Donegal.
 He was known primarily for his comic roles, particularly for his leading roles in the TG4 sitcoms "C.U. Burn" and "Gleann Ceo", as well as RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta comedy series "Cois Cuan".
 He was executive producer for the 12-part series, "FFC", and was a member of "Aisteoiri Ghaoth Dobhair", an actors' group.
C.L.G. Ghaoth Dobhair is a GAA club based in the parish of Gweedore in northwest County Donegal, Republic of Ireland.
 They are one of the strongholds of Gaelic football in County Donegal.
Stephen Cassidy is a Gaelic footballer.
 He plays his club football for Ghaoth Dobhair and has been on his county team.
 Cassidy was first called up to the Donegal senior team by Brian McEniff for winter training in 2003.
 With his county he has played in the League, the Championship and the Dr. McKenna Cup.
 With his club he scored a goal and a point in the final of the 2006 Donegal Senior Football Championship, which his team won.
