The Chien Français Tricolore (FCI No.219) translated into English as the French Tricolour Hound, is a breed of dog of the scenthound type, originating in France.
 The breed is used for hunting in packs.
The Chien Français Blanc et Noir (FCI No.220) translated into English as the French White and Black Hound, is a breed of dog of the scenthound type, originating in France.
 The breed is used for hunting in packs and descends from the old Hound of Saintonge type of large hunting dog.
Warren Hound refers to the group of Mediterranean hare-hunting dogs.
 In Spanish, this kind of breeds are called "podencos" and in Portuguese, "podengos".
 Generally speaking, a warren hound has erect ears, a smooth (or in some cases, wire) coat and a whip-like tail.
 However, there are some exceptions: for instance, the Cretan Hound has usually rose-ears and a curly or curved tail, while the Barrocal Algarvio is long-haired.
 Unlike hounds or sighthounds which rely on just one sense, warren hounds tend to work with three senses: smell, sight and hearing.
The Chien Français Blanc et Orange (FCI No.316) is a breed of dog of the scenthound type, originating in France.
 The breed is used for hunting in packs and descends from the old Hound of Saintonge type of large hunting dog.
The Kritikos Lagonikos (Cretan Hound) (Greek:Kρητικός Λαγωνικός) is a hunting breed of dog from the island of Crete, in Greece.
 It is considered
The Grand Anglo-Français Blanc et Orange (FCI No.324) translated into English as the Great Anglo-French White and Orange Hound, is a breed of dog used in hunting as a scenthound, usually in packs.
 It is one of the Anglo-French hound breeds which were created by crossing French scenthounds with English (Anglo) foxhounds.
Podenco Canario (In English: "Canary Islands Hound", "Canarian Warren Hound") is a breed of dog originally from the Canary Islands.
 The Podenco Canario is still used in the Canary Islands today in packs as a hunting dog, primarily used for rabbit hunting.
 The word "podenco" is Spanish for "hound".
 "Canario" means "Canarian" or "of the Canaries".
The Grand Anglo-Français Blanc et Noir (FCI No.323) translated into English as the Great Anglo-French White and Black Hound, is a breed of dog used in hunting as a scenthound, usually in packs.
 It is one of the Anglo-French hound breeds which were created by crossing French scenthounds with English (Anglo) Foxhounds.
Laurent Manrique (born March 30, 1966) is a French restaurateur and Michelin-starred chef.
 Currently overseeing projects in New York and San Francisco, Laurent has extensive professional experience in both locales.
 He was the Corporate Executive Chef of Aqua, an upscale seafood restaurant in San Francisco, where he earned 2 Michelin stars in 2006, the first time Michelin came to the San Francisco Bay Area, and again in 2007 and 2008.
 Upon his departure in 2009, the restaurant lost its Michelin status.
 For several years, he has overseen the Cafe de la Presse, located on the corner of Bush Street and Grant Avenue, as well as two wine bars: Blanc et Rouge and Rouge and Blanc.
 In New York, he recently opened Millesime, a seafood brasserie in the Carlton Hotel.
The Braques français are hunting dogs, from a very old type of gun dog used for pointing the location of game birds for a hunter.
 There are two breeds of Braque français, both from the south of France, the Braque français, type Gascogne (French Pointing Dog - Gascogne type, larger size) and the Braque français, type Pyrénées (French Pointing Dog - Pyrenean type, smaller size) They are popular hunting dogs in France, but are seldom seen elsewhere.
