Francis Hatch Kimball (1845–1919) was an American architect practicing in New York City, best known for his work on skyscrapers in lower Manhattan and terra-cotta ornamentation.
 He was an associate with the firm Kimball & Thompson.
 His work includes the Empire Building, Manhattan Life Insurance Building, and Casino Theatre (Broadway).
 All but one of Kimball's work was in the United States.
The New York Life Insurance Building, New York, located at 51 Madison Avenue, Manhattan, New York City, across from Madison Square Park, is the headquarters of the New York Life Insurance Company.
The Manhattan Life Insurance Building was a 348 ft tower at 64-66 Broadway in New York City completed in 1894 to the designs of the architects of Kimball & Thompson and slightly extended north in 1904 making its new address 64-70 Broadway.
 It was the first skyscraper to pass 100 m in Manhattan.
Physicians Mutual is a privately held insurance company headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska, United States, that consists of Physicians Mutual Insurance Company and Physicians Life Insurance Company.
 Founded as Physicians Mutual Insurance Company in 1902 by Edwin E. Elliott, Physicians Mutual began by selling health insurance to medical professionals.
 Policies were offered to the general public starting in 1962, and by 1970 the company expanded into life insurance when it founded Physicians Life Insurance Company.
 Today the company offers a variety of insurance products, annuities, Medicare, Medigap, Medicare Supplement, Term Life Insurance, Whole Life Insurance, Cancer and funeral pre-planning services.
 It holds over US$3 billion in assets and employs over one thousand people.
 Robert A. Reed is chief executive officer and president.
The Flatiron Building, originally the Fuller Building, is a triangular 22-story steel-framed landmarked building located at 175 Fifth Avenue in the borough of Manhattan, New York City, and is considered to be a groundbreaking skyscraper.
 Upon completion in 1902, it was one of the tallest buildings in the city at 20 floors high and one of only two skyscrapers north of 14th Street – the other being the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower, one block east.
 The building sits on a triangular block formed by Fifth Avenue, Broadway, and East 22nd Street, with 23rd Street grazing the triangle's northern (uptown) peak.
 As with numerous other wedge-shaped buildings, the name "Flatiron" derives from its resemblance to a cast-iron clothes iron.
Manhattan Life Insurance Company, incorporated on May 29, 1850, is a life insurance company domiciled in New York but operates as a subsidiary of Manhattan Life Group in Houston, Texas.
Whole life insurance, or whole of life assurance (in the Commonwealth of Nations), sometimes called "straight life" or "ordinary life," is a life insurance policy which is guaranteed to remain in force for the insured's entire lifetime, provided required premiums are paid, or to the maturity date.
 As a life insurance policy it represents a contract between the insured and insurer that as long as the contract terms are met, the insurer will pay the death benefit of the policy to the policy's beneficiaries when the insured dies.
 Because whole life policies are guaranteed to remain in force as long as the required premiums are paid, the premiums are typically much higher than those of term life insurance where the premium is fixed only for a limited term.
 Whole life premiums are fixed, based on the age of issue, and usually do not increase with age.
 The insured party normally pays premiums until death, except for limited pay policies which may be paid-up in 10 years, 20 years, or at age 65.
 Whole life insurance belongs to the cash value category of life insurance, which also includes universal life, variable life, and endowment policies.
The Supreme Life Building is a historic insurance building located at 3501 S. Dr. Martin Luther King Drive in the Douglas community area of Chicago, Illinois.
 Built in 1921, the building served as the headquarters of the Supreme Life Insurance Company, which was founded two years earlier.
 The company, originally known as the Liberty Life Insurance Company, was the first African-American owned insurance company in the northern United States.
 Since white-owned insurance firms regularly denied black customers life insurance when the firm was founded, the firm played an important role in providing life insurance to Chicago's African-American community.
 The company ultimately became the largest African-American owned business in the northern states and became a symbol of the predominantly black Bronzeville neighborhood's economic success from the 1920s to the 1950s.
712 5th Avenue is a 650 ft skyscraper at 56th Street and Fifth Avenue in the Midtown neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
 It was constructed from 1990 to 1991 and is the 53rd tallest building in New York City.
 The tower's design had to accommodate the landmarked facades of the Coty and Rizzoli Buildings at the base of the tower.
 It was purchased by the Bannister Trust in 2007 in a "Private Treaty", and placed in "Property Fund #1" managed by JP Morgan.
 The building is sometimes referred to as the Henri Bendel building.
Montreal's New York Life Insurance Building (also known as the Quebec Bank Building) is an office building at Place d'Armes in what is now known as Old Montreal, erected in 1887-1889.
 At the time of its completion, it was the tallest commercial building in Montreal with the first eight floors were designed for retail office space, that quickly filled with the city's best lawyers and financiers.
 When the clock tower was completed, the owner filled the ninth and tenth floors with the largest legal library in the entire country as a gift to tenants.
 The building is next to another historic office tower, Aldred Building.
