The Hodgdon Powder Company began in 1952 as B.E. Hodgdon, Inc., and has become a major distributor of smokeless powder for the ammunition industry, as well as for individuals who load their own ammunition by hand.
 The company's corporate office and manufacturing facilities are located in Kansas, United States.
 Hodgdon acquired IMR Powder Company in 2003.
 Winchester branded reloading powders have been distributed in the United States by Hodgdon since March 2006.
 In January 2009 Hodgdon acquired GOEX Powder, Inc., located in Minden, Louisiana, the only manufacturer of black powder in the USA.
 Together these product lines make Hodgdon one of the largest manufacturers and distributors of gunpowder in the world.
In firearm ballistics, the primer ( ) is a component of pistol and rifle cartridges, as well as shotgun shells.
 Early primers were simply the same black powder used to fire the weapon but poured into an external flash pan where it could be ignited by an ignition source such as a slow match or a flintlock.
 This external powder was connected through a small opening at the rear of the gun barrel that led to the main charge.
 As powder will not burn when wet, this made it difficult, or even impossible, to fire these types of weapons in rainy or humid conditions.
Powder Coating is a type of coating that is applied as a free-flowing, dry powder.
 The main difference between a conventional liquid paint and a powder coating is that the powder coating does not require a solvent to keep the binder and filler parts in a liquid suspension form.
 The coating is typically applied electrostatically and is then cured under heat to allow it to flow and form a "skin".
 The powder may be a thermoplastic or a thermoset polymer.
 It is usually used to create a hard finish that is tougher than conventional paint.
 Powder coating is mainly used for coating of metals, such as household appliances, aluminum extrusions, drum hardware, and automobile and bicycle parts.
 Newer technologies allow other materials, such as MDF (medium-density fibreboard), to be powder coated using different methods.
The Italian War of 1551 (1551–1559), sometimes known as the Habsburg–Valois War and the Last Italian War, began when Henry II of France, who had succeeded Francis I to the throne, declared war against Holy Roman Emperor Charles V with the intent of recapturing Italy and ensuring French, rather than Habsburg, domination of European affairs.
 The war was the last of a series of wars between the same parties since 1521.
 Historians have emphasized the importance of gun powder technology, new styles of fortification to resist cannon fire, and the increased professionalization of the soldiers.
A powder horn was a container for gunpowder, and was generally created from cow, ox or buffalo horn.
 The term may also be used for any personal container for gunpowder, regardless of material or shape, for which powder flask is the strictly correct term.
 Typically there was a stopper at both ends, in later examples spring-loaded to close automatically for safety.
 The wide mouth was used for refilling, while the powder was dispensed from the narrow point.
 In some cases the point was closed and the mouth used for both, with a powder measure, a type of scoop used to dispense the powder, and in others both ends were open and the horn merely used as a funnel.
 The horn was typically held by a long strap and slung over the shoulder.
Fusion bonded epoxy coating, also known as fusion-bond epoxy powder coating and commonly referred to as FBE coating, is an epoxy-based powder coating that is widely used to protect steel pipe used in pipeline construction, concrete reinforcing bars (rebar) and on a wide variety of piping connections, valves etc. from corrosion.
 FBE coatings are thermoset polymer coatings.
 They come under the category of "protective coatings" in paints and coating nomenclature.
 The name "fusion-bond epoxy" is due to resin cross-linking and the application method, which is different from a conventional paint.
 The resin and hardener components in the dry powder FBE stock remain unreacted at normal storage conditions.
 At typical coating application temperatures, usually in the range of 180 to , the contents of the powder melt and transform to a liquid form.
 The liquid FBE film wets and flows onto the steel surface on which it is applied, and soon becomes a solid coating by chemical cross-linking, assisted by heat.
 This process is known as “fusion bonding”.
 The chemical cross-linking reaction taking place in this case is irreversible.
 Once the curing takes place, the coating cannot be returned to its original form by any means.
 Application of further heating will not “melt” the coating and thus it is known as a “thermoset” coating.
 The world's leading FBE manufacturers are Valspar, SolEpoxy (former Henkel/Dexter), KCC Corporation, Jotun Powder Coatings, Sherwin-Williams, 3M, Axalta Coating Systems, Akzo Nobel, BASF, Manifa Paints and Powder Coatings and Rohm & Haas.
Baby powder is an astringent powder used for preventing diaper rash, as a deodorant, and for other cosmetic uses.
 It may be composed of talcum (in which case it is also called talcum powder) or corn starch (in which case it is also called corn starch).
 Talcum powder is dangerous if inhaled since it may cause aspiration pneumonia or granuloma.
 Pediatricians generally prefer cornstarch to talc because it is unlikely to be easily inhaled.
 Baby powder can also be used as a shampoo, cleaning agent, and freshener.
A black powder substitute is a replacement for black powder used in muzzleloading and cartridge firearms. Black powder substitutes offer a number of advantages over black powder, primarily including reduced sensitivity as an explosive and increased efficiency as a propellant powder.
Haskell is an unincorporated community located within Wanaque Borough, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.
 Haskell was formed in 1898 as a company town for a smokeless powder mill of the Laflin & Rand Powder Company.
 The town was named for Laflin & Rand company president Jonathan Haskell.
 The Haskell powder mill manufactured the W.A. .30 caliber smokeless powder used in United States Army service rifles until 1908.
 Laflin & Rand was purchased by DuPont in 1902, and the powder mill ceased operations in 1926.
 The area is served by the United States Postal Service as part of ZIP Code 07420.
 The community is located in suburban Northern New Jersey.
The Powder Magazine from Camp Drum is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles.
 Built in 1862, the Powder Magazine is a 20 x brick and stone structure that was used to store gunpowder during the Civil War.
 It was originally part of Camp Drum, a facility built upon the outbreak of the American Civil War to address concerns about the loyalty and security of the Los Angeles area.
 Many of the area's residents were recent arrivals from the Southern states, and southerner John C. Breckinridge received twice as many local votes as Abraham Lincoln in the 1860 Presidential election.
 Phineas Banning, the founder of Wilmington (then known as New San Pedro), wrote to President Lincoln advising that the Union would lose California unless some provision was made to quell pro-Confederacy sentiment.
 Camp Drum was built between 1862 and 1863 and was the home base for the California Column, commanded by Colonel James Henry Carleton.
 Between 2,000 and 7,000 soldiers were stationed at Camp Drum, and Wilmington became a thriving community with a population greater than Los Angeles during the war.
 The Powder Magazine is one of only two surviving structures from Camp Drum, the other being the Drum Barracks, which is now operated as a Civil War museum by the City of Los Angeles.
 The Powder Magazine has been used for various private uses over the years, at one point having another structure built around it.
 When the larger structure was torn down, the Powder Magazine was re-discovered.
 In order to save it from demolition, it was declared a Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #249) in August 1982.
 For more than two decades, it has sat on a vacant, fenced-off lot two blocks south of the Drum Barracks.
