The Saga Continues... is the third studio album released by American hip-hop artist P. Diddy and the Bad Boy Family on July 10, 2001 in North America.
 The album was eventually certified Platinum.
 It is the only studio album released by Combs under the P. Diddy name, and last studio album under Bad Boy Entertainment's joint venture with Arista Records (his "We Invented The Remix" album was the last overall album with Arista).
The Year the Sun Died is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Sanctuary, released on October 6, 2014 in Europe, and eight days later in North America.
 It is Sanctuary's first studio album in 24 years, since 1990's "Into the Mirror Black", and their only release with former Forced Entry guitarist Brad Hull, making it the band's first studio album without guitarist Sean Blosl, as well as their final release with bassist Jim Sheppard.
 "The Year the Sun Died" is also the first Sanctuary album released on Century Media Records, making it their first album not to be released on Epic Records.
That's the Way Love Goes is the twenty third studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.
 The album was released in March 1974 on Columbia Records and was produced by Ray Baker.
 It was Smith's third studio album released on the Columbia label after departing from RCA Victor in 1973 and spawned two singles.
Jingle Jangle is the third studio album released by The Archies, a fictional bubblegum pop band from the Archie comics universe.
 It was produced by Jeff Barry.
 It is their first album released on the Kirshner Record label.
 The album features the hit single "Jingle Jangle".
 That song peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The album peaked at number 125 on the "Billboard" Top Lps chart.
'Who Killed Idol?'
 (stylized 'WHO KiLLED IDOL?')
 is the third studio album by Japanese idol group BiS, released on March 5, 2014.
 It is the last studio album released by the group before they disbanded in July 2014, and the only studio album to feature members First Summer Uika, Tentenko, Saki Kamiya and Megumi Koshouji.
 The album was released following a period of multiple changes in the BiS lineup, resulting in some tracks featuring members that were no longer part of the group by the time the album was released.
 The album continues the basic style of their previous albums, but shows more variety in the various styles of rock and pop featured in the tracks: "STUPiG" showcases a digital hardcore sound, "Hi" takes a step into upbeat punk rock, and "MURA-MURA" ventures into SKA-core.
 The pattern of including a cover track is continued, with "Primal" by The Yellow Monkey being included as the final track.
 The original version of this track also happened to be the last song The Yellow Monkey released before they disbanded, adding to its significance in the album.
How the Mighty Fall is the third studio album from Take That band member, Mark Owen.
 The album was released on 18 April 2005, nearly two years after his second album and produced by Tony Hoffer.
 The album sold 3,280 copies in the UK and missed the top 100 remaining his lowest selling album in his solo career.
 Three singles were released from the album: "Makin' Out", "Believe in the Boogie" and "Hail Mary".
 This was the last studio album released by Owen before the reunion of his band Take That.
Thanks to the Moon's Gravitational Pull is the third studio album released by the Filipino alternative rock band Sandwich in 2003.
 The album contains the singles "Right Now", "2 Trick Pony" and "Nahuhulog".
 It was the last album featuring Marc Abaya as the band's lead vocalist.
 This was the first Sandwich album initially released independently and also the special edition of the album is the first Sandwich album released under EMI Philippines.
20 [Twenty] (stylized as 20 [twenty]) is the third studio album released in Japan by South Korean rock band F.T. Island.
 It is their second studio album under Warner Music Japan and third studio album overall in the country.
 Recorded in South Korea in the midst of the band's promotions there, the band aimed to make "20 [Twenty]" their most mature album to date.
 The album spawned three singles prior to its release—"Let It Go!
", "Distance", and "Neverland"—which all charted within the top ten spots of the weekly Oricon singles chart.
The Speakeasy is the third studio album released by American punk rock band, Smoke or Fire.
 It was released on November 9, 2010, on Fat Wreck Chords, the band's third full-length album released on the label.
Kæm va du?
 is the third studio album released by Norwegian musician Moddi.
 The album released on 11 October 2013 through Propeller Recordings in Norway.
 The album peaked to number 5 on the Norwegian Albums Charts.
 The album includes the single "Grønt Lauv I Snyen" and "En Sang Om Fly".
