People Get Ready is an album by American soul music group the Impressions, released in 1965.
 It contains Curtis Mayfield's "People Get Ready", which was a successful single that had a significant impact on the civil rights movement.
 The album reached number one on the Billboard R&B chart and 23 on the main Billboard chart.
PJ & Duncan, who were later rebranded as Ant & Dec, began their musical career in 1993 with the release of the single "Tonight I'm Free".
 This was followed in 1994 by their successful debut album "Psyche", which included the single "Let's Get Ready to Rhumble".
 Their second album "Top Katz" (1995) was less commercially successful than "Psyche" although all its singles reached the UK Top 20.
 PJ & Duncan were rebranded as Ant & Dec in 1996, resulting in 1997's "The Cult of Ant & Dec", their final album, which reached 15 in the UK charts.
 Their label, Telstar Records, decided not to renew their recording contract in 1997, and their career in music ended there.
 They reunited for live performances in 2000 and 2013 and for a single, "We're on the Ball", in 2002.
Get Ready is the seventh studio album by English rock band New Order.
 Recorded between 2000 and 2001 and released on 27 August 2001 by record label London, "Get Ready" was the group's first album in eight years, following 1993's "Republic".
 This was the last New Order album featuring the classic lineup.
Psyche is the debut studio album released by British recording duo PJ & Duncan, now better known as Ant & Dec.
 Recording on the album began in 1993, following the release of a track the duo performed during their time on Byker Grove, "Rip it Up".
 The song was then re-worked into their debut single, "Tonight I'm Free", which was released in December 1993 on Telstar Records.
 The album includes the duo's best known track, "Let's Get Ready to Rhumble", which peaked at no. 9 on the UK Singles Chart.
"Ain't Too Proud to Beg" is a 1966 song and hit single by The Temptations for Motown Records' Gordy label, produced by Norman Whitfield and written by Whitfield and Edward Holland, Jr. The song peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Pop Chart, and was a number-one hit on the Billboard R&B charts for eight non-consecutive weeks.
 The song's success, in the wake of the relative underperformance of the previous Temptations single, "Get Ready", resulted in Norman Whitfield replacing Smokey Robinson, producer of "Get Ready", as The Temptations' main producer.
 In 2004 it finished #94 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs poll thanks to its inclusion in "The Big Chill" soundtrack.
"Let's Get Ready to Rhumble" is a 1994 song by British duo Ant & Dec, who at the time were known as PJ & Duncan.
 The song was released in the United Kingdom on 11 July 1994 as the third single from their debut studio album "Psyche".
 The song was written by Nicky Graham, Deni Lew and Mike Olton, and produced by Nicky Graham.
 It peaked at number 9 in the UK Singles Chart in 1994, and was later #1 almost two decades after its original chart appearance.
 The song includes a repeatedly-used sample of Michael Buffer saying his trademark catchphrase.
"Get Ready" is a Motown song written by Smokey Robinson, which resulted in two hit records for the label: a U.S. No. 29 version by The Temptations in 1966, and a U.S. No. 4 version by Rare Earth in 1970.
 It is significant for being the last song Robinson wrote and produced for the Temptations, due to a deal Berry Gordy made with Norman Whitfield, that if "Get Ready" did not meet with the expected degree of success, then Whitfield's song, "Ain't Too Proud To Beg", would get the next release, which resulted in Whitfield more or less replacing Robinson as the group's producer.
Let's Get Ready (LGR) is a non-profit organization that provides low-income high school students with free SAT preparation, admissions counseling and other support services needed to gain admission to and graduate from college.
 Programs are based at colleges, staffed by college student volunteers.
 Let's Get Ready is the largest network of student-run college access programs in the U.S., serving approximately 2,500 U.S. high school students per year.
"I Guess I Like It Like That" is a 1991 promotional single written by Australian singer-songwriter Kylie Minogue and British producers Mike Stock and Pete Waterman for Minogue's fourth album "Let's Get to It".
 The song samples 2 Unlimited's "Get Ready For This" written by Phil Wilde, Jean-Paul de Coster and Ray Slijngaard.
 In the 2015 UK re-release of the "Let's Get To It" album Wilde and de Coster were credited as co-authors of the song (Stock/Waterman/Minogue/DeCoster/Wilde).
The song also samples Freestyle Orchestra's "Keep On Pumping It Up" and the Salt-N-Pepa song "I Like It Like That".
Get Ready is the second album of gospel group, Virtue.
 The album features the singles, "Get Ready", "Love Me Like You Do", "Angels Watching Over Me" and "Put Your War Clothes On".
 Member Shavonne Sampson would depart the group and would be replaced by members Ebony & Karima's younger sister Heather Trotter.
