Edgar I (Old English: "Ēadgār" ;  943 8 July 975), known as the Peaceful or the Peaceable, was King of England from 959 until his death.
 He was the younger son of Edmund I and Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury, and came to the throne as a teenager, following the death of his older brother Eadwig.
 As king, Edgar further consolidated the political unity achieved by his predecessors, with his reign being noted for its relative stability.
 His most trusted advisor was Dunstan, who he recalled from exile and made Archbishop of Canterbury.
 The pinnacle of Edgar's reign was his coronation at Bath in 973, which was organised by Dunstan and forms the basis for the current coronation ceremony.
 After his death he was succeeded by his son Edward, although the succession was disputed.
Ælfwine Haroldsson or Ælfwine was most probably an illegitimate son of King Harold Harefoot of England.
 He was probably born during the early 1030s, either in Scandinavia or after 1035 in England.
 He appears in an early twelfth-century cartulary from the monastery of Sainte Foi at Conques in Aquitaine as "Alboynus" (a cognate of Ælfwine), alongside the records that he was born in London and was the son of a King "Heroldus" (a Latinised version of Harold) and one "Alveva" ("Ælfgifu" Latinised).
 It is also noted that he arrived in Conques in 1060 on pilgrimage and persuaded the local authorities to rebuild the church and make him prior.
 W. H. Stevenson showed the only chronologically plausible candidate for his father is King Harold Harefoot.
 With Harold Harefoot's sudden death on 17 March 1040 Ælfwine was most likely left in his otherwise unknown mother's care, or even that of his powerful and influential grandmother Ælfgifu of Northampton, who may be the Ælfgifu of the record mistakenly named as his mother, rather than grandmother.
 He did not lay any claim to the throne of England.
 Little is known about him, but he is thought to have died in the 1070s or 1080s.
 He was a grandson of Cnut the Great.
The Grand Shaftesbury Run, previously known as the Great Shaftesbury Run, is an off-road, rural half marathon and 10k course that takes place on the 2,200 ha historic Shaftesbury Estate in Wimborne St Giles, Dorset, England.
 Both courses start and finish in the park at St Giles House, the historic home of the Earls of Shaftesbury.
 The inaugural event, held on 12 June 2011, opened the family estate to the public for the first time in 60 years.
The Exeter Inn (also known as The Inn at Exeter) is an inn in Exeter, New Hampshire, United States.
 Located on Front Street on the campus of Phillips Exeter Academy, the Georgian style complex was built in 1932 and mirrors the school's architectural motif.
 Guests, which include many parents of Academy students, enjoy its walking distance proximity to historic downtown Exeter.
Exeter Quay, also known as Exeter Quayside, is a part of the city of Exeter next to the River Exe and the Exeter Ship Canal.
 It was first used as a port in prehistoric times when a sandstone ledge was used to unload the ships of overseas traders.
 However, by 1381 the Countess Weir had blocked the river to shipping.
 A canal was completed in 1566 to provide access for ships.
 Over time the number of ships using the quayside increased and so the quay was expanded in the late 17th century.
 Further expansion occurred in 1830 when a new canal basin was dug.
 However, in 1840 the railways reached Exeter and the shipping began to decline.
 The quayside no longer has any shipping but is now mostly used for leisure.
The Exeter Book, Exeter Cathedral Library MS 3501, also known as the Codex Exoniensis, is a tenth-century book or codex which is an anthology of Anglo-Saxon poetry.
 It is one of the four major Anglo-Saxon literature codices, along with the Vercelli Book, Nowell Codex and the Cædmon manuscript or MS Junius 11.
 The book was donated to the library of Exeter Cathedral by Leofric, the first bishop of Exeter, in 1072.
 It is believed originally to have contained 131 leaves, of which the first 8 have been replaced with other leaves; the original first 8 pages are lost.
 The Exeter Book is the largest known collection of Old English literature still in existence.
Edmund II (died 30 November 1016), usually known as Edmund Ironside, was King of England from 23 April to 30 November 1016.
 He was the son of King Æthelred the Unready and his first wife, Ælfgifu of York.
 Edmund's reign was marred by a war he had inherited from his father, his cognomen "Ironside" was given to him "because of his valour" in resisting the Danish invasion led by Cnut the Great.
Ælfgifu of Exeter was an Anglo-Saxon saint, of unknown date or origin, whose relics were held by Exeter Cathedral.
 She is mentioned in the Old English Exeter relic-list as "the holy servant of Christ ... who would daily perform her confession before she went into church".
 It is possible that she is the 10th-century royal abbess, Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury wife of Edmund I (as one 12th-century writer believed), but it is "more likely" according to historian John Blair that she was not.
Nicholas Edmund Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 12th Earl of Shaftesbury Bt, (born 3 June 1979) also known as Nick Ashley-Cooper, is an English peer, landowner and philanthropist.
 He succeeded his brother as Earl of Shaftesbury in 2005.
 The 12th Earl of Shaftesbury is the godson of Gerald Grosvenor, 6th Duke of Westminster, and Simon Elliot, brother-in-law of Charles, Prince of Wales.
Saint Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury, also known as Saint Elgiva (died 944) was the first wife of Edmund I (r. 939–946), by whom she bore two future kings, Eadwig (r. 955–959) and Edgar (r. 959–975).
 Like her mother Wynflaed, she had a close and special if unknown connection with the royal nunnery of Shaftesbury (Dorset), founded by King Alfred, where she was buried and soon revered as a saint.
 According to a pre-Conquest tradition from Winchester, her feast day is 18 May.
