The Liturgical Movement began as a 19th-century movement of scholarship for the reform of worship within the Roman Catholic Church.
 It has developed over the last century and a half and has affected many other Christian Churches, including the Church of England and other churches of the Anglican Communion, and some Protestant churches.
 A similar reform in the Church of England and Anglican Communion, known as the Oxford Movement, began to change theology and liturgy in the United Kingdom and United States in the mid-nineteenth century.
 The Liturgical Movement has been one of the major influences on the process of the Ecumenical Movement, in favor of reversing the divisions which began at the Reformation.
Herbert Thorndike (1598 – 11 June, 1672) was an English academic and clergyman, known as an orientalist and Canon of Westminster Abbey.
 He was an influential theological writer during the reigns of King Charles I and, after the Restoration, King Charles II.
 His work would be considered important in the 19th century by key members of the Oxford Movement.
Thomas Mozley (1806 – June 17, 1893), was an English clergyman and writer associated with the Oxford Movement.
Henry Bedford MA(Cantab) (1816-1903) was an English Catholic convert formerly attached to the Oxford Movement, was an educator and writer of many Catholic leaflets.
 He was born in London on October 1, 1816.
 In 1835 he went to St. Peter's College, Cambridge where he obtained an MA in Arts and Science.
 He went to train as a priest in the Church of England serving as assistant curate in Christ Church, Hoxton, and was noted as a preacher.
 In 1851 converted to Catholicism and in 1852 he moved to Ireland after an offer to join to staff of All Hallows College in Dublin where he lectured as Professor of Natural Science, he also served as treasurer and joined the board of directors.
 A natural defect in his right hand was a canonical obstacle to his ordination into the church.
 He continued to teach, and write and be published on a variety of subjects, and also lecture publicly.
Since the time of the Oxford Movement in the Church of England, there have been organizations whose purpose is the propagation of the Catholic Faith within the Anglican Communion.
 Each of these societies champions one aspect of Ritualism and Anglican doctrine which otherwise is not emphasized by the Anglican Churches as a whole.
 Mostly, these are groups or organisations that are part of the High Church or Anglo-Catholic movement, and are considered conservative or orthodox.
 Many of them are members or associates of the Catholic societies of the Church of England.
The Oxford Movement was a movement of High Church members of the Church of England which eventually developed into Anglo-Catholicism.
 The movement, whose original devotees were mostly associated with the University of Oxford, argued for the reinstatement of some older Christian traditions of faith and their inclusion into Anglican liturgy and theology.
 They thought of Anglicanism as one of three branches of the One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church.
Samuel Rickards (1796–1865) was a Church of England clergyman, opponent of the Oxford Movement, and writer of devotional literature.
The John Keble Church is a Church of England parish church in Mill Hill, London Borough of Barnet.
 The church was completed in 1936 and is of a modernist design.
 It is the only church dedicated to John Keble, one of the leaders of the Oxford Movement.
 It is a Grade II listed building.
The Tracts for the Times were a series of 90 theological publications, varying in length from a few pages to book-length, produced by members of the English Oxford Movement, an Anglo-Catholic revival group, from 1833 to 1841.
 There were about a dozen authors, including Oxford Movement leaders John Keble, John Henry Newman and Edward Bouverie Pusey, with Newman taking the initiative in the series, and making the largest contribution.
 With the wide distribution associated with the tract form, and a price in pennies, the "Tracts" succeeded in drawing attention to the views of the Oxford Movement on points of doctrine, but also to its overall approach, to the extent that "Tractarian" became a synonym for supporter of the movement.
James Anthony Froude {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ) (23 April 1818 – 20 October 1894) was an English historian, novelist, biographer, and editor of "Fraser's Magazine".
 From his upbringing amidst the Anglo-Catholic Oxford Movement, Froude intended to become a clergyman, but doubts about the doctrines of the Anglican church, published in his scandalous 1849 novel "The Nemesis of Faith", drove him to abandon his religious career.
 Froude turned to writing history, becoming one of the best known historians of his time for his "History of England from the Fall of Wolsey to the Defeat of the Spanish Armada".
 Inspired by Thomas Carlyle, Froude's historical writings were often fiercely polemical, earning him a number of outspoken opponents.
 Froude continued to be controversial up until his death for his "Life of Carlyle", which he published along with personal writings of Thomas and Jane Welsh Carlyle.
 These publications illuminated Carlyle's often selfish personality, and led to persistent gossip and discussion of the couple's marital problems.
