The sketch comedy television show "Saturday Night Live" aired several critically acclaimed sketches parodying then Alaskan Governor and vice-presidential nominee Sarah Palin in the lead-up to the 2008 United States presidential election.
 The sketches featured former cast member Tina Fey, who returned as a guest star to portray Palin.
 Fey won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her impersonation of Palin.
Azie Mira Dungey is an American actress, comedian and writer.
 She wrote and played the lead role in the comedic web series "Ask a Slave," and is currently, ". . .writing a book as a follow-up to the series."
 Dungey is also currently a writer for the Netflix series "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt", produced by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock.
Bossypants is an autobiographical comedy book written by the American comedian Tina Fey.
 The book topped "The New York Times Best Seller list", and stayed there for five weeks upon its release.
 As of November 2014, the book has sold over 2.5 mllion copies since its debut, according to Nielsen BookScan.
 Additionally, Fey's Grammy nominated narration of the audiobook has sold over 150,000 copies on Audible.com.
 A paperback reprint edition was released in January 2012, from Reagan Arthur Books, an imprint of Little, Brown.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is an American television sitcom created by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock, starring Ellie Kemper in the title role, that has streamed on Netflix since March 6, 2015.
 Originally set for a 13-episode first season on NBC for spring 2015, the show was sold to Netflix and given a two-season order.
"Cooter" is the fifteenth episode of the second season of "30 Rock" and the thirty-sixth episode of the series.
 It was written by series' creator Tina Fey and was directed by one of the season's producers, Don Scardino.
 The episode first aired on May 8, 2008, on the NBC network in the United States.
 "Cooter" follows Jack Donaghy's (Alec Baldwin) attempt to get fired from his new job in politics; Liz Lemon's (Fey) pregnancy scare and decision to adopt a baby; Tracy Jordan's (Tracy Morgan) creation of a pornographic video game; and Kenneth Parcell's (Jack McBrayer) aspiration to be an NBC page at the Beijing Olympics.
 The episode is an unofficial season finale, due to the season being shortened by the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike.
"Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" is an American sitcom created by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock, starring Ellie Kemper in the title role, that has streamed on Netflix since March 6, 2015.
 Originally set for a 13-episode first season on NBC for spring 2015, the show was sold to Netflix and given a two-season order.
"30 Rock" is an American television comedy series created by Tina Fey, which aired on NBC.
 The series takes place behind the scenes of a fictional live sketch comedy series, also airing on NBC; the name "30 Rock" refers to the address of the GE Building, where NBC Studios is located (30 Rockefeller Plaza).
 The series has an ensemble cast consisting of 14 regular cast members: Tina Fey, Alec Baldwin, Tracy Morgan, Jane Krakowski, Jack McBrayer, Scott Adsit, Judah Friedlander, Katrina Bowden, Keith Powell, Lonny Ross, John Lutz, Kevin Brown, Grizz Chapman, and Maulik Pancholy.
"30 Rock" is an American satirical television sitcom that ran on NBC from October 11, 2006, to January 31, 2013.
 Created by Tina Fey, the series follows the lives of the head writer of "The Girlie Show with Tracy Jordan" (TGS), Liz Lemon (Tina Fey), the other staff members of "TGS", and their network executive, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin).
 A total of 138 episodes of "30 Rock" were produced and aired over seven seasons.
30 Rock Original Television Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the award-winning NBC television program "30 Rock".
 The two-disc album consists largely of songs composed by Jeff Richmond, the co-producer and musical director of the show and the husband of the creator, writer, producer, and star, Tina Fey.
 It includes the score of the series as well as some songs that have been featured in the show's first four seasons.
 It was released on November 16, 2010 by Relativity Music Group.
 On November 20, 2010, the cast of "30 Rock" did their first ever signing for the soundtrack at the NBC Experience Store at Rockefeller Center.
 Appearances were made by Tina Fey, Jeff Richmond, Jane Krakowski, Jack McBrayer, John Lutz, Kevin Brown, and Grizz Chapman.
30 Rock is an American satirical television sitcom created by Tina Fey that ran on NBC from October 11, 2006, to January 31, 2013.
 The series, loosely based on Fey's experiences as head writer for "Saturday Night Live", takes place behind the scenes of a fictional live sketch comedy show depicted as airing on NBC.
 The series's name refers to 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City, the address of the Comcast Building, where the NBC Studios are located and where "Saturday Night Live" is written, produced, and performed.
 This series is produced by Broadway Video and Little Stranger, Inc., in association with NBCUniversal.
