The Inventors is a children's novel, co-written by Alexander Gordon Smith and his brother Jamie Webb.
 It follows the story of two best friends, Nate and Cat, young inventors who win a year-long scholarship at Saint Solutions, a giant skyscraper.
 There, under the eye of the world's greatest inventor, Ebenezer Saint, they are given free rein to invent whatever they want.
 But things take a dark turn when Saint refuses to let them leave the complex, and what started as the opportunity of a lifetime turns to a fight for not only their lives, but for the world.
Although the epics of Celtic Ireland were written in prose and not verse, most people would probably consider that Irish fiction proper begins in the 18th century.
 However, there are aspects of Early Irish prose that appear to have had some influence on the Irish novel: the use of exaggeration for humorous effect, a near obsession with lists, and a strong sense of satire.
 This article is concerned with the history of Irish fiction written in English.
 For Irish fiction written in Irish, see Modern literature in Irish.
 For a general overview of Irish writing in all genres, see Irish literature.
Escape from Furnace is a series of novel by Alexander Gordon Smith.
 Escape from Furnace is the United States title of the series.
 In the United Kingdom the series is known as "Furnace".
 The books are written from the point of view of the teenage protagonist Alex Sawyer, and are about his incarceration in the fictional London prison Furnace Penitentiary.
 "Escape from Furnace: Lockdown" is followed by "Solitary", "Death Sentence", "Fugitives" and "Execution".
 Smith followed up the series with a novella, "The Night Children", which tells the story of the 17-year-old commissioned officer Kreuz (known as Warden Cross in the series) and his meeting with Alfred Furnace, the prison's enigmatic founder, and his creatures in the Belgian woods during World War II.
Grant Gordon Smith (born 5 May 1980 in Irvine) is a Scottish footballer midfielder.
 He is the son of former Rangers and Brighton & Hove Albion striker and former Scottish Football Association chief executive Gordon Smith.
Alexander Gordon Smith (27 February 1979, Norwich, England) is an author of children and Young Adult fiction.
A Junior school is a type of school which provides primary education to children, often in the age range from 8 and 13, following attendance at Infant school which covers the age range 5-7.
 (As both Infant and Junior schools are giving Primary Education pupils are commonly placed in a unified building housing the age ranges of both Infants and Juniors - a Primary school).
Christ the King College is a joint Church of England and Catholic secondary school and sixth form college located in Newport on the Isle of Wight.
 It was created in September 2008 by amalgamating two older schools, Archbishop King Catholic Middle School and Trinity Church of England Middle School.
 As such, the school is on two separate campuses, both located close to each other on Wellington Road.
 Having previously accommodated a middle school age range, the school now takes students from years 7 to 13 after its plans to extend the age range and become a Church of England and Catholic secondary school and sixth form.
Sugardaddyforme.com is an online dating site for sugar daddies and sugar babies (see Age disparity in sexual relationships).
 In 2013 the dating site had over 4 million members and over 2,000 new sugar daddy and sugar baby profiles every day.
 The website gets 1.5 million unique new visitors every month.
 The age range for women is predominantly 18-45 and for men the age range is predominantly 25-60.
James Ogilvie [Ogilvy] (died 1518) was a late medieval Scottish prelate.
 After the death of William Elphinstone (died 24 October 1514), the bishopric of Aberdeen became vacant.
 Ogilvy was nominated for the vacancy by John Stewart, Duke of Albany.
 At Rome however, Pope Leo X provided Robert Forman to the vacant see, while the canons of Aberdeen elect Alexander Gordon, allegedly under pressure from the latter's cousin Alexander Gordon, 3rd Earl of Huntly.
George Gordon (died 1588) was a 16th-century Scottish prelate.
 He was the son of Alexander Gordon, Bishop of Galloway, and the brother of John Gordon, also Bishop of Galloway.
 He was a cousin of the earls of Huntly, being the great-grandson of Alexander Gordon, 3rd Earl of Huntly.
