Marie Michelle Currie (born November 30, 1959) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and artist.
 Currie is best known for playing in a band with her identical twin Cherie Currie called Cherie & Marie Currie.
 Their song "Since You Been Gone" charted at number 95 on the US charts.
 Marie played Singing Maid Marie in "The Rosebud Beach Hotel" and is now a popular multi-media sculptress and artist.
Cherie Ann Currie (born November 30, 1959) is an American musician (instrumentalist, singer, songwriter), actress and artist.
 Currie was the lead vocalist of the Runaways, a rock band from Los Angeles, in the mid-to-late 1970s.
 After the Runaways, she became a solo artist.
 Then she teamed up with her identical twin sister, Marie Currie, and released an album with her.
 They released a duet "Since You Been Gone" which charted number 95 on US charts.
 Their band was called Cherie and Marie Currie.
 She is also well known for her role in the movie "Foxes".
The Himalayans were an American rock band active between 1990 and 1991.
 They are best known for starting the careers of two musicians, Adam Duritz of the Counting Crows and Dave Janusko, a successful musician and songwriter.
Freeloaders is an American ensemble comedy film directed by Dan Rosen and written by Rosen and singer Dave Gibbs.
 The film is produced by the Broken Lizard comedy troupe and is independently financed.
 "Freeloaders" stars Clifton Collins Jr., Josh Lawson, Kevin Sussman, Zoe Boyle, Nat Faxon, Warren Hutcherson, Jane Seymour, Olivia Munn, Dave Foley and Counting Crows lead singer Adam Duritz.
 It follows a group of friends who find their luxurious lifestyle threatened when the rock star they freeload off decides to sell his home.
Waitin' for the Night is the third studio album by American all-female rock band the Runaways.
 It was originally released in October 1977, on the label Mercury.
 This is the first album to feature the band as a quartet, as rhythm guitarist Joan Jett took over lead vocals in the wake of the departure of Cherie Currie for a solo career and Vicki Blue replaced Jackie Fox on bass.
 Though it failed to chart in the US, it was successful in Europe.
 The album entered at No. 34 on the Swedish Albums Chart, and the lead single 'School Days' peaked at No. 29 in Belgium.
Neilson Hubbard is an American singer-songwriter, musician and producer.
 His first band was called This Living Hand formed with Clay Jones.
 They signed to Adam Duritz's label, E Pluribus Unum.
 After the band split up, Hubbard went on to record three solo albums, "The Slide Project", "Why Men Fail" and "Sing Into Me".
 He also collaborated with Matthew Ryan to form the band Strays Don't Sleep.
Foxes is a 1980 American teen drama film directed by Adrian Lyne (in his feature film directorial debut) and written by Gerald Ayres.
 The film stars Jodie Foster, Scott Baio, Sally Kellerman, Randy Quaid and Cherie Currie (in her film debut).
 The original music score is composed by Giorgio Moroder, and features the song "On the Radio", sung by Donna Summer.
 It revolves around a group of girls coming-of-age in suburban Los Angeles toward the end of the disco era.
Maria is a recurring character in the songs written by Adam Duritz, the songwriter and lead singer of Counting Crows.
 Maria has appeared in the lyrics of five Counting Crows songs and in two other songs written by Duritz, and has fueled speculation and debate among fans.
 Duritz contends that she is fictional.
David Bryson (born October 5, 1961) is a guitarist and vocalist for Counting Crows.
 He was a student of guitarist Joe Satriani.
 Prior to forming Counting Crows with Adam Duritz, he produced recordings by Duritz and his band, The Himalayans, from San Francisco, California.
 He formed Counting Crows with Duritz in San Francisco in 1991.
The Runaways is a 2010 American drama film about the 1970s rock band of the same name written and directed by Floria Sigismondi.
 It is based on the book "Neon Angel: A Memoir of a Runaway" by the band's original lead vocalist Cherie Currie.
 The film stars Dakota Fanning as Currie, Kristen Stewart as rhythm guitarist and vocalist Joan Jett, and Michael Shannon as record producer Kim Fowley.
 "The Runaways" depicts the formation of the band in 1975 and focuses on the relationship between Currie and Jett until Currie's departure from the band.
 The film grossed about $4.7 million worldwide and received generally favorable reviews from critics.
