Anthony James "White Tony" Johnson (22 July 1968 – 22 February 1991) was an English organised crime figure, the one-time head of the Cheetham Hill Gang in Manchester.
 He was murdered in 1991 when he was gunned down in the car park of the Penny Black pub, Cheetham Hill.
 Fellow organised crime figure Desmond Noonan was tried for the murder, but acquitted.
John Bittrolff (born July 1, 1966) is a convicted American murderer and a suspect in the Long Island Serial Killer case.
 In July 2014 he was charged with the murders of Rita Tangredi and Colleen McNamee; he is also a suspect in the murder of a third woman, Sandra Costilla.
 Bittrolff became a suspect in the unsolved murders after his brother Timothy Bittrolff was partially matched to DNA found on the bodies in 2013.
 Timothy Bittrolff submitted the sample after violating an unrelated order of protection, in 2013.
The Wonderland murders, also known as the Four on the Floor Murders or the Laurel Canyon Murders, are four unsolved murders that occurred in Los Angeles on July 1, 1981.
 It is assumed that five people were targeted to be killed in the known drug house of the Wonderland Gang, three of whom were present.
 All three of them, Ron Launius, Billy DeVerell, and Joy Miller, along with accomplice Barbara Richardson, died from extensive blunt-force trauma injuries.
 Only Ron Launius' wife, Susan Launius, survived the attack, allegedly masterminded by organized crime figure and nightclub owner Eddie Nash.
 He, his henchman Gregory Diles, and porn star John Holmes were at various times arrested, tried, and acquitted for their involvement in the murders.
 LAPD detectives were on record saying the crime scene was bloodier and more gruesome than that of the Tate-LaBianca murders.
The Dacer–Corbito double murder case involves unsolved murders in the Philippines during the administration of Joseph Estrada.
 Salvador "Bubby" Dacer (1934–November 2000) was a publicist from Albay, Philippines.
 His clients included many of the top figures in Philippine politics, notably Presidents Fidel Ramos and Joseph Estrada.
Ottis Elwood Toole (March 5, 1947 – September 15, 1996) was an American drifter and serial killer who was convicted of six counts of murder.
 Like his companion Henry Lee Lucas, Toole made confessions he later recanted, but which resulted in murder convictions.
 The discrediting of the case against Lucas for crimes in which Toole had offered corroborating statements created doubts as to whether either was a genuine serial killer or, as Hugh Aynesworth suggested, both were merely compliant interviewees whom police used to clear unsolved murders from the books.
 Toole received two death sentences, but on appeal they were commuted to life imprisonment.
 He died in his cell from cirrhosis, aged 49.
 Police attributed the murder of Adam Walsh to Toole on the basis of recanted statements.
 Lucas had backed Toole's confession to the Walsh murder, claiming he had been in possession of the victim's severed head.
Matthew "Mack" Harrison Marsden (1849–1883) was a livestock trader who lived in rural Jefferson County, Missouri.
 Marsden was suspected of many crimes from 1881 to 1883, including arson, murder, and robbery.
 Though he was often accused, questioned, and arrested, he was only brought to trial one time, and was acquitted.
 Marsden’s family background gave no hint of criminal activity.
 On the contrary, he came from an established family of farmers, engineers, and stockmen, and his wife’s family members were known as leaders in the local church.
 His story came to an end when he was murdered, and though four different men were arrested, and three of them tried for the killing, no one was ever convicted.
 Mack’s suspected killers left the county, the murder remained unsolved, and Marsden’s death corresponded with the end of a years-long crime spree.
 Newspapers suggested that his killing was a service to the community, and for decades, people continued to believe he was behind a gang that committed a long series of unsolved crimes.
Desmond "Dessie" Noonan (8 August 1959 – 19 March 2005) was an English organised crime figure from Manchester, who acted as a political fixer for the Noonan crime family.
 He and his younger brother, Dominic Noonan, were suspected by police to be responsible for at least 96 unsolved murders during their 20-year reign over Manchester's underworld.
The Texarkana Moonlight Murders, a term coined by the news media, references the unsolved murders committed in and around Texarkana in the spring of 1946 by an unidentified serial killer known as the "Phantom Killer", or "Phantom Slayer".
 The killer is credited with attacking eight people within ten weeks, five of whom were killed.
 The attacks happened on weekends between February 22, 1946 and May 3, 1946.
 The first two victims, Jimmy Hollis and Mary Larey, survived.
 Some police officers are not sure if their attack was connected with the murders.
 The first double murder, which involved Richard Griffin and Polly Ann Moore, happened four weeks later.
 The second double-homicide, involving Paul Martin and Betty Jo Booker, occurred exactly three weeks from the first murders.
 The Texas Rangers came in to investigate, including the famous M. T. "Lone Wolf" Gonzaullas.
 Finally, almost exactly three weeks later, Virgil Starks was killed and his wife, Katie, was severely wounded.
 Most officials no longer connect that attack to the other murders.
 Contrary to popular belief, the killer did not attack during a full moon, but did strike late at night.
The Mineral, Washington murders, dubbed by the media as "the Tube Sock Killings," is a series of unsolved murders that occurred in remote areas of Lewis and Pierce County, Washington, near the remote community of Mineral, Washington, in 1985.
 The murder cases were widely publicized, and were featured on the television series "Unsolved Mysteries" in 1989.
The Thames Torso Murders of 1887–89, often called the Thames Mysteries or the Embankment Murders, was a series of unsolved murders that took place in London in 1887–89.
 The series included four incidents which were filed as belonging to the same series.
 None of the cases were solved, and only one of the four victims were identified.
 Speculations have linked the Thames murder series to that of the contemporary Jack the Ripper series.
 The murders were given much covering in contemporary press, though they never became as well known as the Ripper murders.
