Hurricane Raymond was the only major hurricane in the eastern Pacific in 2013 and briefly threatened the southwestern coast of Mexico before recurving back out to sea.
 The seventeenth named storm and eighth hurricane of the annual cyclone season, Raymond developed from a tropical wave on October 20 south of Acapulco, Mexico.
 Within favorable conditions for tropical cyclone development, Raymond quickly intensified, attaining tropical storm intensity and later hurricane intensity within a day of cyclogenesis.
 On October 21, the hurricane reached its peak intensity with winds of 125 mph (205 km/h).
 A blocking ridge forced the hurricane to the southwest, while at the same time Raymond began to quickly weaken due to wind shear.
 The following day, the tropical cyclone weakened to tropical storm status.
 After tracking westward, Raymond reentered more favorable conditions, allowing it to intensify back to hurricane strength on October 27 while curving northward.
 The hurricane reached a secondary peak intensity with winds of 105 mph (165 km/h) several hours later.
 Deteriorating atmospheric conditions resulted in Raymond weakening for a final time, and on October 30, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) declared the tropical cyclone to have dissipated.
The 1991 Perfect Storm, also known as The No-Name Storm (especially in the years immediately after it took place) and the Halloween Gale, was a nor'easter that absorbed Hurricane Grace and ultimately evolved back into a small unnamed hurricane late in its life cycle.
 The initial area of low pressure developed off Atlantic Canada on October 29.
 Forced southward by a ridge to its north, it reached its peak intensity as a large and powerful cyclone.
 The storm lashed the east coast of the United States with high waves and coastal flooding before turning to the southwest and weakening.
 Moving over warmer waters, the system transitioned into a subtropical cyclone before becoming a tropical storm.
 It executed a loop off the Mid-Atlantic states and turned toward the northeast.
 On November 1 the system evolved into a full-fledged hurricane with peak winds of 75 miles per hour (120 km/h), although the National Hurricane Center left it unnamed to avoid confusion amid media interest in the predecessor extratropical storm.
 It later received the name "the Perfect Storm" (playing off the common expression) after a conversation between Boston National Weather Service forecaster Robert Case and author Sebastian Junger.
 The system was the fourth hurricane and final tropical cyclone in the 1991 Atlantic hurricane season.
 The tropical system weakened, striking Nova Scotia as a tropical storm before dissipating.
Hurricane Ophelia was the most intense hurricane of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season.
 The seventeenth tropical cyclone, sixteenth tropical storm, fifth hurricane, and third major hurricane, Ophelia originated in a tropical wave in the central Atlantic, forming approximately midway between the Cape Verde Islands and the Lesser Antilles on September 17.
 Tracking generally west-northwestward, Ophelia was upgraded to a tropical storm on September 21, and reached an initial peak of 65 mph (100 km/h) on September 22.
 As the storm entered a region of higher wind shear it began to weaken, and was subsequently downgraded to a remnant low on September 25.
 The following day, however, the remnants of the system began to reorganize as wind shear lessened, and on September 27, the National Hurricane Center once again began advisories on the system.
 Moving northward, Ophelia regained tropical storm status early on September 28, and rapidly deepened to attain its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 140 mph (220 km/h) several days later.
 The system weakened as it entered cooler sea surface temperatures and began a gradual transition to an extratropical cyclone, a process it completed by October 3.
Hurricane Erika was a weak hurricane that struck extreme northeastern Mexico near the Texas-Tamaulipas border in mid-August of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season.
 Erika was the eighth tropical cyclone, fifth tropical storm, and third hurricane of the season.
 At first, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) operationally did not designate it as a hurricane because initial data suggested winds of 70 mph (115 km/h) at Erika's peak intensity.
 It was not until later data was analyzed that the NHC revised it to Category 1 intensity in the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
 The storm developed from a non-tropical area of low pressure that was tracked for five days before developing in the eastern Gulf of Mexico on August 14.
 Under the influence of a high pressure system, Erika moved quickly westward and strengthened under favorable conditions.
 It made landfall as a hurricane on northeastern Mexico on August 16 and rapidly dissipated inland.
Hurricane Jova was a strong Pacific hurricane that made landfall over Jalisco, Mexico.
 The tenth tropical depression and named storm, ninth hurricane, and fifth major hurricane of the 2011 Pacific hurricane season, Jova developed from an area of showers and thunderstorms that became better organized in early October.
 Moving towards the west-northwest, the area became better organized, and late on October 5, the National Hurricane Center began issuing advisories on Tropical Depression Ten-E.
 Steadily organizing, the storm was upgraded to Tropical Storm Jova later the following day, and by October 8, the storm had been classified as a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale.
 The storm attained Category 2 hurricane status late on October 9, and after a round of rapid intensification early on October 10, Jova had become a major hurricane.
Hurricane Norbert is tied with Hurricane Jimena as the strongest tropical cyclone strike the west coast of Baja California Sur in recorded history.
 The fifteenth named storm, seventh hurricane, and second major hurricane of the 2008 hurricane season, Norbert originated as a tropical depression from a tropical wave south of Acapulco on October 3.
 Strong wind shear initially prevented much development, but the cyclone encountered a more favorable environment as it moved westward.
 On October 5, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Norbert, and the system intensified further to attain hurricane intensity by October 6.
 After undergoing a period of rapid deepening, Norbert reached its peak intensity as a Category 4 on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale, with maximum sustained winds of 135 mph (215 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of 945 mbar (hPa; 27.91 inHg).
 As the cyclone rounded the western periphery of a subtropical ridge over Mexico, it began an eyewall replacement cycle which led to steady weakening.
 Completing this cycle and briefly reintensifying into a major hurricane, a Category 3 or higher on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale, Norbert moved ashore Baja California Sur as a Category 2 hurricane late on October 11.
 After a second landfall at a weaker intensity the following day, the system quickly weakened over land and dissipated that afternoon.
Hurricane!
 (episode: 1616 (308)) is a "Nova" episode that aired on November 7, 1989 on PBS.
 The episode describes the fury of a hurricane and the history of hurricane forecasting.
 The episode features footage of Hurricane Camille of 1969 and Hurricane Gilbert of 1988 and behind the scenes footage at the National Hurricane Center as forecasters tracked Hurricane Gilbert from its formation to its landfall in northern Mexico.
 Meteorologists, Hugh Willoughby, Bob Sheets (then director of the National Hurricane Center) and Jeff Masters were shown in the episode.
 The episode was released on VHS home video under the same episode title and distributed by WGBH Boston video.
 In 2004, the "Nova" episode was released on DVD and featured a different cover picture and title style.
 In 1997, UAV Corp. also distributed the "Nova" episode under the title Deadly Hurricanes which contains additional footage of Hurricane Andrew and Hurricane Iniki of 1992.
 The UAV version of the episode has since been discontinued.
Hurricane Nora was the final of five tropical cyclones to make landfall in the 2003 Pacific hurricane season.
 The fourteenth named storm and fifth hurricane of the season, Nora developed on October 1 from a tropical wave.
 It slowly intensified as it moved northwestward, intensifying into a hurricane on October 4.
 That day, Nora rapidly intensified to its peak of 100 mph (160 km/h), but the larger Hurricane Olaf to its east prevented further strengthening.
 An approaching trough turned the rapidly weakening system to the east toward Mexico.
 By October 7, it was downgraded to a tropical depression.
 Although it no longer met the criteria for being a tropical cyclone, the National Hurricane Center continued issuing advisories due to the cyclone's proximity with land.
 Nora unexpectedly redeveloped an area of thunderstorms and moved ashore near Mazatlán, Sinaloa on October 9 before dissipating.
 The depression dropped locally heavy rainfall in western Mexico, but there were no reports of damage.
 Later, the remnants combined with Olaf and an upper-level low to produce flooding and a tornado in central Texas.
The 2004 Pacific hurricane season had 17 tropical cyclones, of which 12 became named storms, 6 became hurricanes, and 3 became major hurricanes (Category 3 or higher).
 This timeline documents all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation.
 It also includes information which was not operationally released, meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center, such as information on a storm that was not operationally warned on, have been included.
 The season officially began on May 15, 2004 in the eastern Pacific proper (June 1, 2004 in the central Pacific) and lasted until November 30 that same year.
 Areas east of 140°W are under the purview of the National Hurricane Center (NHC); the area between the International Date Line and 140°W, or the central Pacific, is under the purview of the Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC).
The 1988 Atlantic hurricane season was an active season during which twelve tropical cyclones formed.
 The season officially began on June 1, 1988 and ended November 30, 1988, the dates which conventionally limit the period of each year when tropical cyclones tend to form in the Atlantic.
 This timeline documents tropical cyclone formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipations during the season.
 The timeline also includes information which was not operationally released, meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center, such as information on a storm that was not operationally warned upon.
 This season produced 19 tropical depressions, of which 12 became named storms; 5 attained hurricane status, of which 3 became a major hurricane, a storm that ranks as a Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
 The most notable storm in 1988 was Hurricane Gilbert, which was at the time the most intense hurricane in the Atlantic on record.
 Hurricane Gilbert caused about $5 billion in damage and 300 fatalities.
 The other notable storm was Hurricane Joan, which struck Nicaragua as a category 4 hurricane, and caused about $2 billion in damage and about 200 fatalities.
 Joan crossed into the Pacific and was renamed Miriam.
 Both Gilbert and Joan were retired by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 1989 and were replaced by Gordon and Joyce in 1994.
