Bryan Fisher (born August 1, 1980) is a British-American actor who is best known for his role as Jason McNamara, Carmen's boyfriend in "George Lopez".
 He has also guest starred in many other shows such as The Invisible Man, The Chronicle, and also starred in the 2006 TV movie "Jekyll + Hyde".
Theodore John "Theo" Stevenson (born 27 February 1998) is an English actor known for starring as the title character in "".
 More recently he is better known for playing Craig in the family sitcom "Millie Inbetween" and Toby in the sci-fi drama "Humans".
Sasha Jenson (born November 12, 1964) is an American film and television actor known for his role in the 1993 hit film "Dazed and Confused".
 He is also known for his role in the 1988 horror movie "", and for having a role in the 1992 hit movie "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
 His most recent film is in the 2003 release "Grind".
 Jenson starred in the television series "Teen Angel" as Jason, and made guest appearances on shows like "NYPD Blue" and "Monsters".
Jonathan LaPaglia born 31 August 1969, is an Australian actor known for his roles as Frank B. Parker in the television series "Seven Days", Kevin Debreno in "The District" and Det. Tommy McNamara in "New York Undercover".
Alex Kruz (born November 30, 1978) is an American actor known for roles in television, theater and film.
 He was born in New Jersey, his father is a Native American Indian of the Kañari (Quichua) Nation.
 He is best known for his role in the film "" as Jake Red Cloud and "Tom in America".
 He has received Best Actor awards from the American Movie Awards, Canada International Film Festival, Mexico International Film Festival, Bare Bones International Film Festival, DC Independent Film Festival, Amiens International Film Festival, and nominated for best performance by the Maverick Movie Awards
Fifty Pills (also known as 50 Pills) is the debut feature film of director Theo Avgerinos, which premiered at the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival.
Joseph Anthony "Tony" Cox (born March 31, 1958) is an American actor known for his roles in "Bad Santa", "Me, Myself and Irene," "Date Movie," "Epic Movie" and "Disaster Movie".
 He is also known for his role in George Lucas's "Willow", as an Ewok in "Return of the Jedi" and as The Preacher in Tim Burton's "Beetlejuice".
 Cox also appeared in various music videos.
John Carter Hensley (born August 29, 1977) is an American actor, best known for his role as Matt McNamara on "Nip/Tuck".
Brian McNamara (born November 21, 1960) is an American actor, known for his portrayal of Dean Karny in the television movie "Billionaire Boys Club" for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a supporting role.
Kenneth Thomson (January 7, 1899 – January 26, 1967) was an American character actor active during the silent and early sound film eras.
 He, along with his wife Alden Gay, was a founding member of the Screen Actors Guild.
 The group was founded after meetings held at the Thomsons' home during 1933.
 During his brief twelve-year career in front of the camera, he appeared in over 60 films.
 After appearing in several Broadway plays during the early and mid-1920s, Thomson would make his film debut with a starring role in 1926's "Risky Business".
 Over the next four years, he would appear in over a dozen films, in either starring or featured roles.
 In 1930 alone he would appear in ten films, half of which were in starring roles, such as "Lawful Larceny", which also starred Bebe Daniels and Lowell Sherman (who also directed), and "Reno", whose other stars were Ruth Roland and Montagu Love; the other half would see him in featured roles as in "A Notorious Affair", starring Billie Dove, Basil Rathbone, and Kay Francis.
 During the rest of the 1930s, he would appear in numerous films, mostly in either supporting or featured roles, such as "The Little Giant" (1933), starring Edward G. Robinson and Mary Astor, and "Hop-Along Cassidy" (1935), starring William Boyd; although he occasionally would have a starring role, as in opposite Harold Lloyd in 1932's "Movie Crazy".
