The Hong Kong 1 July protests () is an annual protest rally originally held by the Civil Human Rights Front from the day of handover in 1997 on the HKSAR establishment day.
 However, it was not until 2003 that the march drew large public attention by opposing the legislation of Basic Law Article 23.
 The 2003 protest, with 500,000 marchers, was the largest protest seen in Hong Kong since the 1997 handover.
 Prior to this, only the pro-democracy protest on 21 May 1989 drew more people with 1.5 million marchers in Hong Kong sympathising with the participants of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989.
 The introduction of Article 23 legislation leave aside due to the protest.
 Since then, 1 July marches have been organized every year to demand for democracy, universal suffrage, rights of minorities, protection of freedom of speech, and a variety of other political concerns.
The Occupy Wall Street protests have inspired a wide international response.
 There have been hundreds of Occupy movement protests worldwide over time, intended and organized as non-violent protest.
 This is a list of some of their locations.
 Months before the Occupy movement began, the Movimiento 15-M planned to hold events in many nations on October 15, 2011.
 The Occupy movement joined in and also held many events in many nations on that day.
 A list of proposed events for the 15 October 2011 global protests listed events in 951 cities in 82 countries.
 Reportedly the large manifestation in Rome ended in violence.
 Protest camps were built at many of the protest locations from Honolulu to Zeulenroda, often near banking institutions or stock markets.
 Many locations had further manifestations at the following weekends until "Guy-Fawkes" day since the Guy Fawkes mask had become protester fashion.
 Many US-American Occupy groups kept activity alive until spring 2012, some are still active.
In 1981, Nichidatsu Fujii dispatched his followers to march and chant around the globe in support of the U.N. 2nd.
 special session for disarmament.
 In the U.S. marchers began in New Orleans, L.A. and San Francisco, in Canada marchers began in Montreal and Toronto.
 The San Francisco March began on Oct. 21, 1981 with a ceremony on Alcatraz.
 13 marchers, being Buddhist followers of Nipponzan-Myōhōji, Native Americans, U.S. and German citizens, began the S.F. march.
 marching about 20 mile per day they were hosted each night by community groups in every town and on Native reservations.
 many mayors and town councils made proclamations and such honoring the peace and disarmament marchers.
 Over the course of the march citizens were moved to join.
 By the time they arrived in Chicago the S.F. marchers numbered about 30.
 In May 1982 the group of about 40 marchers from Toronto joined the S.F. group in Buffalo N.Y. at the International Peace Bridge doubling the size of the group.
 Through the state of N.Y. 10 to 20 people joined the march daily.
 When the S.F. group walked across the George Washington Bridge they numbered about 300.
 The groups on other march routs also grew over the 7 months.
 On June 12, 1982, in Central Park Nipponzan-Myōhōji marchers from the U.S.A., Europe, Africa, and Asia, joined with mobilization for survival organizers and religious and peace groups from around the world in a peaceful demonstration for disarmament of many million people.
Pelham Road, also commonly referred to as Shore Road, is a historic 4.1-mile east-west arterial road that runs along the Long Island Sound shoreline through the southern Westchester County, New York communities of New Rochelle, Pelham Manor, and the Pelham Bay Park section of the Bronx in neighboring New York City.
 The thoroughfare had its beginning as an Indian trail linking the important Indian villages on Davenport Neck to those on Pelham Neck in Pelham.
 Between these points along the shore line there was an almost continuous chain of small Indian villages and camps.
 This waterfront area was especially advantageous, with many small coves in secure harbors and protected by adjacent islands and many small streams of water and abundant springs.
Westchester Avenue is a major east-west street in the southern section of the Bronx.
 It runs from Third Avenue and 150th Street in the Hub to Pelham Bay Park in the Pelham Bay section.
 It crosses many neighborhoods of the Bronx, which include Melrose, Longwood, Soundview, Parkchester, and Pelham Bay.
 Westcheser Avenue parallels the Bruckner Expressway until their junction at Pelham Bay Park.
Manjolai Labourers massacre (Tamil:மாஞ்சோலை தொழிலாளர்கள் படுகொலை) or Thamirabarani massacre of 23 July 1999 was the death of 17 labourers, including two women and a two-year-old child, when they got into the river to escape Tamil Nadu Police lathi-charge.
 Public were going in procession to Tirunelveli Collectorate to submit a memorandum demanding wage settlement for the tea plantation workers of Manjolai estate.
 An altercation between the police and the marchers resulted in lathi-charge by police.
 When the marchers ran helter-skelter, many fell into the river and died.
A black bloc is a name given to groups of protesters who wear black clothing, scarves, sunglasses, ski masks, motorcycle helmets with padding, or other face-concealing and face-protecting items.
 The clothing is used to conceal marchers' identities, and hinder criminal prosecution, by making it difficult to distinguish between participants.
 It is also used to protect their faces and eyes from items, such as pepper-spray, which law enforcement often use.
 The tactic allows the group to appear as one large unified mass.
 Black bloc participants are often associated with anarchism and they use multiple forms of violence when they gather at a protest.
Pelham Davis Glassford (August 8, 1883 – August 9, 1959) was a United States Army officer who attained the rank of brigadier general during World War I.
 He later served as Superintendent of the District of Columbia Police Department, and was in large measure held responsible for the violence that ended the 1932 Bonus Army protests.
Glassford Creek Smelter Sites are the heritage-listed remains of a former smelter at Glassford State Forest, off Many Peaks Road, Many Peaks, Gladstone Region, Queensland, Australia.
 It was built  1903 .
 It is also known as Glassford Creek Copper Smelters.
 It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 4 July 2006.
Pelham is a suburban town in Westchester County, New York and Bronx County, New York, approximately 10 miles northeast of Midtown Manhattan.
 As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 12,396.
 Historically, Pelham was composed of five villages and became known as "the Pelhams".
 Pelham currently contains two independently incorporated villages: the Villages of Pelham and Pelham Manor, Approximately 28 minutes away from Grand Central Terminal by the Metro-North train, Pelham is home to many New York City commuters and has an active social community for its residents.
 Notably, the Whitestone Bridge is approximately 8.5 miles (14 km) south of the town and can be reached in 10-15 minutes without traffic.
 It is also 13 miles (21 km) northeast of LaGuardia Airport, which can be reached in 20-25 mins without traffic and John F. Kennedy International Airport, the city's main international airport, is 19.5 miles (31 km) south of the town.
