Shrek: Hassle at the Castle is a 2D fighting video game, released for Game Boy Advance.
 It is based on the movie "Shrek", and features characters from it.
 Players progress through the game playing, Shrek, Princess Fiona, and Shrek's companion, Donkey.
 They travel through various chapters of the game, that represent different stages of the movie.
 It is the only game in the series that follows the plot of the first movie.
 A year later a sequel was released, called Shrek: Reekin' Havoc.
Supercell (stylized as supercell) is the eponymous debut studio album of Japanese J-pop band Supercell, released on March 4, 2009 by Sony Music.
 Supercell had originally released a "dōjin" (independent) version at Comiket 74 on August 16, 2008, before the band signed a record deal with Sony Music.
 The album contains twelve music tracks written by Ryo and the singing synthesizer Hatsune Miku was used to provide the vocals.
 The major release of the album featured two songs not on the independent (indie) version, "Melt" and "Hajimete no Koi ga Owaru Toki", but which had already previously been released online and on the Nico Nico Douga video sharing website.
 All of the music on the indie release was remixed and remastered for the major release to greatly improve the sound quality.
 The album was released in limited and regular editions, each containing a bonus DVD containing music videos for four of the songs, but only the limited edition came bundled with a special illustration booklet titled "Supercell Works"; the indie release also came with the booklet.
 "Supercell" peaked at No. 4 on the Japanese Oricon weekly albums chart, and in June 2009 was awarded a Gold Disc by the Recording Industry Association of Japan for having exceeded 100,000 copies shipped in a single year.
Shrek 2 (also known as Shrek 2: The Game and ported for the PC as Shrek 2: Team Action at Beenox) is a 2004 action-adventure video game published by Activision and released in 2004.
 The game was developed by Luxoflux for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and GameCube, while a version for PC was developed by KnowWonder.
 The Game Boy Advance version was also released on a "Twin Pack" cartridge bundled with "Shark Tale" in 2005.
Shrek the Third is a 2007 American computer-animated fantasy comedy film and the third installment in the "Shrek" franchise, produced by DreamWorks Animation.
 It is the sequel to 2004's "Shrek 2", and is the first in the series to be distributed by Paramount Pictures , which acquired DreamWorks Pictures, the former parent of DreamWorks Animation, in 2006.
 Chris Miller and Raman Hui directed and co-directed the film, respectively, with the former also co-writing the screenplay with Jeffrey Price, Peter S. Seaman, and Aron Warner.
 In addition to Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Rupert Everett, Julie Andrews, and John Cleese, who reprise their roles from "Shrek 2", the film also features Justin Timberlake in the role of Arthur Pendragon and Eric Idle as Merlin.
 Harry Gregson-Williams composed the original music for the film.
 The story takes place eight months after the marriage of Shrek and Fiona in the first film.
 Reluctantly reigning over the kingdom of Far, Far Away, Shrek sets out to find the next heir to the throne—Fiona's cousin Artie, while Prince Charming is plotting to overthrow Shrek and become king.
Shrek 2 is a 2004 American computer-animated fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Andrew Adamson, Kelly Asbury and Conrad Vernon.
 It is the sequel to 2001's "Shrek", with Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and Cameron Diaz reprising their respective voice roles of Shrek, Donkey, and Fiona from the first film, joined by Antonio Banderas, Julie Andrews, John Cleese, Rupert Everett, and Jennifer Saunders.
 Sometime after the first film, Shrek, Donkey and Fiona go to visit Fiona's parents (voiced by Andrews and Cleese), while Shrek and Donkey discover that a greedy Fairy God Mother (voiced by Saunders) is plotting to destroy Shrek and Fiona's marriage so Fiona can marry her son, Prince Charming (voiced by Everett).
 Shrek and Donkey team up with a swashing cat named Puss in Boots (voiced by Banderas) to stop her.
The "Shrek" franchise from DreamWorks Animation, based on William Steig's picture book "Shrek!
", consists of four computer-animated films including: "Shrek" (2001), "Shrek 2" (2004), "Shrek the Third" (2007), and "Shrek Forever After" (2010), with a fifth film planned for a 2019 or 2020 release.
 A short 4-D film, "Shrek 4-D", which originally was a theme park ride, was released in 2003.
The year 2004 in film involved some significant events.
 Major releases of sequels took place.
 It included blockbuster films like "Shrek 2", "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", "The Bourne Supremacy", "Van Helsing", "The Passion of the Christ", "", "Thunderbirds", "Meet the Fockers", "Harold and Kumar", "The Day After Tomorrow", "Anchorman", "Saw", "", "Spider-Man 2", "Alien vs. Predator", "The Incredibles", "Kill Bill Vol.
 2", "Fahrenheit 9/11", "I, Robot", "Ocean's Twelve" and "".
Christopher Knights is an English voice actor, film editor and camera operator best known for providing the voice of Private the Penguin in "Madagascar".
 He worked on several DreamWorks films "Shrek", "Shrek 2", "Shrek the Third", and "Shrek 4-D."
 He started his filming career at Amblimation studios and worked on "We're Back!
 A Dinosaur's Story" and "Balto".
 When he joined DreamWorks he not only started his editing career but also his acting career.
 He worked on the "Shrek" series as an associate editor and voice of the Three Blind Mice and Thelonious, Lord Farquad's Henchman.
 He worked many times with another English cameraman and voice actor, Simon J. Smith.
Andrew Ralph Adamson, MNZM (born 1 December 1966) is a New Zealand film director, producer and screenwriter based mainly in Los Angeles, where he made the blockbuster animation films, "Shrek" and "Shrek 2" for which he received an Academy Award nomination.
 He was director, executive producer, and scriptwriter for the 2005 production of "".
 Shooting took place in New Zealand, primarily in and around Auckland, but also in South Island where much of Peter Jackson's "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy was filmed.
 He also worked on the movies "Batman Forever" and "Batman & Robin" as a visual effects supervisor.
Cláudio Besserman Vianna (Rio de Janeiro, June 25, 1962 — Vaterstetten, June 17, 2006), commonly known as Bussunda (] ), was a Brazilian humorist and TV comedian, member of the Casseta & Planeta troupe.
 He was born in Rio de Janeiro, where he lived and worked, having started his career in the 1980s as a writer for satirical magazine "Casseta Popular".
 One of the most popular Brazilian comedians of his generation, the overweight Bussunda was famous for his impersonations of football striker Ronaldo and of Brazil's president Lula.
 He also did the voice of Shrek in the Brazilian Portuguese version of "Shrek" and "Shrek 2".
 He was of Jewish descent.
