The 1820 Maine gubernatorial election took place on April 3, 1820.
 It was the first election for Governor of Maine, taking place after Maine separated from Massachusetts and was recognized as a state on March 15, 1820.
 Maine's separation from Massachusetts came as a result of The Missouri Compromise.
 This election saw the virtually unanimous election of William King, the man most chiefly responsible for the push for Maine statehood.
 He had no opponents.
The Missouri Compromise is the title generally attached to the legislation passed by the 16th United States Congress on May 8, 1820.
 The measures provided for the admission of Maine as a state along with Missouri as a slave state, thus maintaining the balance of power between North and South.
 As part of the compromise, slavery was prohibited North of the 36°30′ parallel, excluding Missouri.
 President James Monroe signed the legislation on April 6, 1820.
Henry Smith Lane (February 24, 1811 – June 19, 1881) was a United States Representative, Senator, and the 13th Governor of Indiana; he was by design the shortest-serving Governor of Indiana, having made plans to resign the office should his party take control of the Indiana General Assembly and elect him to the United States Senate.
 He held that office for only two days, and was known for his opposition to slavery.
 A Whig until the party collapsed, he supported compromise with the south.
 He became an early leader in the Republican Party starting in 1856 serving as the president of the first party convention, delivering its keynote address, and was influential in the nomination of Abraham Lincoln.
 With the repeal of the Missouri Compromise, he became a full-fledged
The Republican Party, also commonly called the GOP (for "Grand Old Party"), is one of the world's oldest extant political parties.
 It is the second oldest existing political party in the United States after its primary rival, the Democratic Party.
 It emerged in 1854 to combat the Kansas–Nebraska Act, an act that dissolved the terms of the Missouri Compromise and allowed slave or free status to be decided in the territories by popular sovereignty.
 The Party had almost no presence in the Southern United States, but by 1858 in the North it had enlisted former Whigs and former Free Soil Democrats to form majorities in nearly every Northern state.
The Anti-Nebraska movement was a political alignment in the United States formed in opposition to the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854 and to its repeal of the Missouri Compromise provision forbidding slavery in U.S. territories north of latitude 36° 30' N.
 (At the time, the name "Nebraska" could loosely refer to areas west of the Missouri River.)
The parallel 36°30′ north is a circle of latitude that is 36 and one-half degrees north of the equator of the Earth.
 This parallel of latitude is particularly significant in the history of the United States as the line of the Missouri Compromise, which was used to divide the prospective slave and free states west of the Mississippi River, with the exception of Missouri, which is mostly north of this parallel.
The Pottawatomie massacre occurred during the night of May 24 and the morning of May 25, 1856.
 In reaction to the sacking of Lawrence, Kansas by pro-slavery forces, John Brown and a band of abolitionist settlers—some of them members of the Pottawatomie Rifles—killed five settlers north of Pottawatomie Creek in Franklin County, Kansas.
 This was one of the many bloody episodes in Kansas preceding the American Civil War, which came to be known collectively as Bleeding Kansas.
 Bleeding Kansas was largely brought about by the Missouri Compromise and the Kansas–Nebraska Act.
Dred Scott (c. 1799 – September 17, 1858) was an enslaved African American man in the United States who unsuccessfully sued for his freedom and that of his wife and their two daughters in the "Dred Scott v. Sandford" case of 1857, popularly known as the "Dred Scott Decision".
 Scott claimed that he and his wife should be granted their freedom because they had lived in Illinois and the Wisconsin Territory for four years, where slavery was illegal.
 The United States Supreme Court decided 7–2 against Scott, finding that neither he nor any other person of African ancestry could claim citizenship in the United States, and therefore Scott could not bring suit in federal court under diversity of citizenship rules.
 Moreover, Scott's temporary residence outside Missouri did not bring about his emancipation under the Missouri Compromise, which the court ruled unconstitutional as it would "improperly deprive Scott's owner of his legal property".
This is a list of the sixteen counties in the U.S. state of Maine.
 Before statehood, Maine was officially part of the state of Massachusetts and was called the District of Maine.
 Maine was granted statehood on March 15, 1820 as part of the Missouri Compromise.
 Nine of the sixteen counties had their borders defined while Maine was still part of Massachusetts, and hence are older than the state itself.
 Even after 1820, the exact location of the northern border of Maine was disputed with Britain, until the question was settled and the northern counties took their final, official form by the Webster-Ashburton Treaty, signed in 1842.
 Almost all of Aroostook County was disputed land until the treaty was signed.
The Compromise of 1790 was a compromise between Alexander Hamilton on the one hand and Thomas Jefferson and James Madison whereby Hamilton won the decision for the national government to take over and pay the state debts, while Jefferson and Madison obtained the national capital (District of Columbia) for the South.
 The compromise resolved the deadlock in Congress.
 Southerners were blocking the assumption of state debts by the treasury, thereby destroying the Hamiltonian program for building a fiscally strong nation state.
 Northerners rejected the proposal, much desired by Virginians, to locate the permanent national capital on the Virginia-Maryland border.
 The compromise made possible the passage of the Residence and Funding (Assumption) Acts in July and August 1790.
 Historian Jacob Cooke says it is, "generally regarded as one of the most important bargains in American history, ranking just below the better known Missouri Compromise and the Compromise of 1850."
