The 2010 Asian Games torch relay was held from October 12, 2010 through 21 cities in Guangdong province and 2 cities off Guangdong province before the opening ceremony on November 12, 2010.
 Prior to the relay, a lighting ceremony was held back on October 9, 2010.
 Some 2,068 torchbearers are expected to carry the torch with one of the relay was held in indoor arena.
 The relay in Harbin was held in the main venue of the 1996 Asian Winter Games, the Harbin Ice Hockey Rink, while the relay on October 22, 2010 was affected by Typhoon Megi as it was held under the rain.
 The relay from November 6–8 acted as a demonstration relay.
The Litang–Zhanjiang Railway or Lizhan Railway (), is a railroad in southern China from Litang Township in the Guangxi Autonomous Region on the Hunan–Guangxi Railway, to the port city of Zhanjiang, in Guangdong Province, on the South China Sea.
 The line has a total length of 318.2 km and was built from 1954 to 1955.
 Major cities and towns along route include Guigang, Xingye County, Yulin (Guangxi), Luchuan, Lianjiang (Guangdong), Suixi (Guangdong) and Zhanjiang.
Chengbei Subdistrict () is a subdistrict of Lianjiang in southwestern Guangdong, People's Republic of China, occupying the northern portion of the urban area of Lianjiang as suggested by its name.
 , it has 2 residential communities (社区) and 3 villages under its administration.
Hainan is the smallest and southernmost province of China, consisting of various islands in the South China Sea.
 Hainan Island , separated from Guangdong's Leizhou Peninsula by the Qiongzhou Strait, is the largest island under PRC control (Taiwan, which is slightly larger, is also claimed but not controlled by the PRC) and makes up the majority of the province.
 The province has an area of 33920 km2 , with Hainan Island making up 32900 km2 (97%) and the rest divided among two hundred islands scattered across three archipelagos.
 It was administered as part of Guangdong until 1988, when it became a separate province; around the same time, it was made the largest Special Economic Zone established by Deng Xiaoping as part of the Opening Up of China.
 There are a total of ten major cities and ten counties in Hainan Province.
 Haikou on the northern coast of Hainan Island is the capital while Sanya is a well-known tourist destination on the southern coast.
 The other major cities are Wenchang, Qionghai, Wanning, Wuzhishan, Dongfang, and Danzhou.
Hepu (), formerly romanized as Hoppo, Hopu or Hop'u, is a county under the administration of Beihai City in southeastern Guangxi, China.
 It borders Lianjiang (Guangdong) to the southeast, Bobai County to the northeast, the Gulf of Tonkin to the south, Qinzhou to the west, and Pubei County to the north.
 Then-Premier Li Peng called this place "the Southern Pearl County" (南珠之乡) in November 1992.
 The county was once known as Lianzhou (Postal: Limchow).
 It has an area of 2380 km2 and a population of 930,914 .
The Lianjiang River (), anciently kown as Huang River (), is a right-bank and the largest tributary of the North River in Guangdong.
 The river rises in Momianshi (磨面石) of Xingzi Town (星子镇) in Lianzhou county, and it runs generally northwest to southeast through Lianzhou, Yangshan and Yingde counties.
 It joins the Bei River at Jiangkouzui of Lianjiangkou Town (连江口镇), Yingde.
 The Lianjiang River has a length of 275 km , with its tributaries; it has a drainage basin area of 10,061 km2 .
Lianjiang (postal: Limkong; ) is a county-level city in the municipal region of Zhanjiang, Guangdong.
There is no distinct rule in the distribution of stone dogs.
 Most of them are scattered in the coastal areas of the Leizhou Peninsula, especially in Zhanjiang City, Xuwen County, Haikang County, Lanjiang City, Suixi County and many other small rural villages' entrances, corners, gates, ponds and the entrances of the houses and temples.
 They are famous in Chentown, Angle Tail Town, Longmen Town, QinDou Town, Lianjiang City, Hengshan Town, GoodDong Town, and Shuixi Jiang Hong Town because stone dogs of these cities are more completely preserved.
 The stone dogs in different regions come in different shapes, representing the evolution of the region.
 The discovery sites are historical, and may date back to the Qing Dynasty.
 According to the unofficial statistics Leizhou Peninsula has over a million stone dogs.
 The Leizhou Museum has collected nearly 500 stone dogs from the countryside, village corners, buried underground, or the villagers.
Guangdong Dongguan Bank (official name), also known as Guangdong Hongyuan Southern Tigers () or Guangdong Southern Tigers, are a Chinese professional basketball team owned by the Guangdong Winnerway (Hongyuan) Group.
 The team is one of the best-performing teams in the Chinese Basketball Association, or CBA.
 The Tigers have won eight CBA titles, tying only the Bayi Rockets' eight titles.
 The Tigers are the only team to have qualified for the CBA playoffs in all the seasons since the league launched in 1995.
 The team plays its home games in Dongguan, Guangdong.
 Occasionally, for marketing purpose, the team diversifies some of its home games to Zhongshan, Zhuhai, and other cities in the Pearl River Delta.
Ray Lui Leung-wai (born 22 December 1956) is a Vietnam-born Hong Kong actor, with family roots in Lianjiang, Zhanjiang, Guangdong.
 He is best known for his role as "Ting Lik" in the 1980 Hong Kong television series "The Bund" produced by TVB, which propelled him to fame.
 Since then, Lui has acted in several films and other television series also produced by TVB.
