Robosapien: Rebooted is a 2013 American family drama film starring Bobby Coleman, Holliston Coleman, Penelope Ann Miller, David Eigenberg, Joaquim de Almeida, Kim Coates, Jae Head and Peter Jason, produced by Arad Productions Inc., Arc Productions, Crystal Sky Pictures and Brookwell McNamara Entertainment and distributed by Anchor Bay Films and TVA Films.
 It is based on the toy Robosapien.
Adventures in Babysitting (also known as A Night on the Town in certain countries) is a 1987 American comedy film written by David Simkins, directed by Chris Columbus (in his directorial debut), and starring Elisabeth Shue, Maia Brewton, Keith Coogan, Anthony Rapp, Penelope Ann Miller, Bradley Whitford, and brief cameos by blues singer/guitarist Albert Collins and singer-songwriter Southside Johnny Lyon.
Penelope Ann "Penny" Fuller (born July 21, 1940) is an American actress.
 She received two Tony Award nominations for her performances on Broadway stage: for "Applause" (1970), and "The Dinner Party" (2001).
 For her television performances, Fuller received six Emmy Award nominations, winning once, in 1982 for playing Madge Kendal in "The Elephant Man".
The Shadow is a 1994 American superhero film from Universal Pictures, produced by Martin Bregman, Willi Bear, and Michael Scott Bregman, directed by Russell Mulcahy, that stars Alec Baldwin.
 The film co-stars John Lone, Penelope Ann Miller, Ian McKellen, Peter Boyle, Jonathan Winters, and Tim Curry.
 It is based on the pulp fiction character of the same name created by Walter B. Gibson in 1931.
The Relic is a 1997 science fiction-horror film directed by Peter Hyams and based on the best-selling novel "Relic" by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child.
 The film stars Penelope Ann Miller, Tom Sizemore, and Linda Hunt.
 The original music score was composed by John Debney.
Robert Lesser or Bobby Lesser (born October 22, 1942) is an American actor born in New York City and now living in Santa Barbara, California.
 His earliest work dates back to 1967 with "David Holzman's Diary", directed by Jim McBride.
 His latest movies include the Japanese film "Best Wishes for Tomorrow" and post-production "Painting in the Rain".
 Lesser has worked with Bruce Willis, Ed Harris, Alan Arkin, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Matthew Broderick, Dennis Quaid, Penelope Ann Miller, and Richard Mulligan.
 He is well known in the Santa Barbara theater community.
Dead Bang is a 1989 American action film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Don Johnson.
 Johnson's character, based on real-life LASD Detective Jerry Beck, tracks the killer of a Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy and uncovers a plot involving hate literature, white supremacist militias and arms trafficking.
 The cast also includes Penelope Ann Miller, William Forsythe, Tim Reid, Bob Balaban, and Michael Jeter.
 Filmed in Calgary, Alberta.
Penelope Ann Miller (born Penelope Andrea Miller; January 13, 1964), sometimes credited as Penelope Miller, is an American actress.
 She began her career on Broadway in the 1985 original production of "Biloxi Blues" and went on to receive a Tony Award nomination for the 1989 revival of "Our Town".
 She has starred in several major Hollywood films, particularly in the late 1980s and early 1990s, including "Adventures in Babysitting" (1987), "Biloxi Blues" (1988), "Big Top Pee-wee" (1988), "The Freshman" (1990), "Awakenings" (1990), "Kindergarten Cop" (1990), "Other People's Money" (1991), "Year of the Comet" (1992), and "Carlito's Way" (1993), for which she received a Golden Globe Award nomination.
 She returned to Broadway in the 1995 original stage production of "On the Waterfront".
 Her other films include a starring role in "The Relic" (1997) and supporting roles in "Chaplin" (1992), "Along Came a Spider" (2001) and "The Artist" (2011).
Other People's Money is a 1991 American comedy-drama film starring Danny DeVito, Gregory Peck and Penelope Ann Miller.
 It was based on the play of the same name by Jerry Sterner.
 The film adaptation was directed by award winner Norman Jewison, and written by Alvin Sargent.
Tim Schlattmann is a three-time Emmy award nominee.
 Nebraska born and raised, this former disc jockey and college professor's writing credits include ABC's number one hit "Roseanne", Fox's "Get Real", the WB's "Smallville", the feature "", and most recently critically acclaimed "Dexter" for Showtime.
 In 2007, he garnered two Writers Guild of America award nominations: one for best dramatic series and an individual nod for his episode of "Dexter" entitled "The Dark Defender".
 That same year, "Dexter" was also nominated for an Emmy and Golden Globe in the best dramatic series category and received the prestigious Peabody Award.
 The following year, the "Dexter" writing staff was once again nominated in the best dramatic series category by the Writers Guild of America and the show was again nominated for an Emmy for best dramatic series, earning Tim his first Emmy nomination as a producer.
 2009 and 2010 brought Tim and the "Dexter" writing staff Writers Guild of America, Emmy and Golden Globe nominations once again, and 2011 saw another Emmy nomination for "Dexter" in the best dramatic series category.
 As an Executive Producer since 2012, Tim Schlattmann recently completed the eighth and final season of "Dexter" and authored "", an ongoing web series for Showtime.
 He has currently served as an Executive Producer on CBS's "Under The Dome".
