Cynthia Felice (born October 12, 1942, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American science fiction writer.
 Her first novel, "Godsfire", and her first short story, "David and Lindy", were published in 1978.
 She and Connie Willis have co-written three novels that are often considered young adult fiction, according to Willis.
Anna and the King of Siam is a 1946 drama film directed by John Cromwell.
 An adaptation of the 1944 novel of the same name by Margaret Landon, it was based on the fictionalized diaries of Anna Leonowens, an Anglo-Indian woman who claimed to be British and became governess in the Royal Court of Siam (now modern Thailand) during the 1860s.
 Darryl F. Zanuck read Landon's book in galleys and immediately bought the film rights.
The King and I is the fifth musical by the team of composer Richard Rodgers and dramatist Oscar Hammerstein II.
 It is based on Margaret Landon's novel, "Anna and the King of Siam" (1944), which is in turn derived from the memoirs of Anna Leonowens, governess to the children of King Mongkut of Siam in the early 1860s.
 The musical's plot relates the experiences of Anna, a British schoolteacher hired as part of the King's drive to modernize his country.
 The relationship between the King and Anna is marked by conflict through much of the piece, as well as by a love to which neither can admit.
 The musical premiered on March 29, 1951, at Broadway's St. James Theatre.
 It ran for nearly three years, making it the fourth longest-running Broadway musical in history at the time, and has had many tours and revivals.
"A Letter from the Clearys" is a short story written by Connie Willis published in the short story collections "Fire Watch" (1984) and "The Best of Connie Willis" (2013).
 In 1983 it won the Nebula Award for best science fiction published in the two years prior to 1983.
Margaret Landon (September 7, 1903 – December 4, 1993) was an American writer best remembered for "Anna and the King of Siam", her best-selling 1944 novel of the life of Anna Leonowens which eventually sold over a million copies and was translated into more than twenty languages.
 In 1950, Landon sold the musical play rights to Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II, who created the musical "The King and I" from her book.
 A later work, "Never Dies the Dream", appeared in 1949.
The King and I is a 1956 American musical film made by 20th Century Fox, directed by Walter Lang and produced by Charles Brackett and Darryl F. Zanuck.
 The screenplay by Ernest Lehman is based on the Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II musical "The King and I", based in turn on the novel "Anna and the King of Siam" by Margaret Landon.
 That novel in turn was based on memoirs written by Anna Leonowens, who became school teacher to the children of King Mongkut of Siam in the early 1860s.
 Leonowens' stories were autobiographical, although various elements of them have been called into question.
 The film stars Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner.
Constance Elaine Trimmer Willis (born December 31, 1945), commonly known as Connie Willis, is an American science fiction and fantasy writer.
 She has won eleven Hugo Awards and seven Nebula Awards for particular works—more major awards than any other writer—most recently the year's "Best Novel" Hugo and Nebula Awards for "Blackout/All Clear" (2010).
 She was inducted by the Science Fiction Hall of Fame in 2009 and the Science Fiction Writers of America named her its 28th SFWA Grand Master in 2011.
The Soul Selects Her Own Society: Invasion and Repulsion: A Chronological Reinterpretation of Two of Emily Dickinson's Poems: A Wellsian Perspective is a 1996 science fiction short story by Connie Willis.
 It was first published in "Asimov's Science Fiction" in April 1996, but written for the anthology "", in which it was published in June 1996; it was subsequently republished in "War of the Worlds: Fresh Perspectives on the H. G. Wells Classic" (2005), in "This is My Funniest: Leading Science Fiction Writers Present Their Funniest Stories Ever" (2006), in "The Winds of Marble Arch and Other Stories" (2007), and in "The Best of Connie Willis: Award-Winning Stories" (2013).
"The Last of the Winnebagos" is a short story written by Connie Willis.
 It was first published in "Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine" in 1988, and reprinted in the short story collections "Impossible Things" (1994) and "The Best of Connie Willis' (2013).
"Even the Queen" is a science fiction short story by Connie Willis, exploring the long-term cultural effects of scientific control of menstruation.
 It was originally published in 1992 in "Asimov's Science Fiction", and appears in Willis' short-story collection "Impossible Things" (1994) and "The Best of Connie Willis" (2013).
