The Greater Manchester Army Cadet Force (GMACF) is the county cadet force for Greater Manchester which forms part of the wider Army Cadet Force, a youth organisation in the United Kingdom that offers learning and experiences around a military training theme.
 It is home to between 1400-1750 cadets and 200-230 adult volunteers in 45-47 detachments.
 GMACF headquarters is at Hawkshaw in Bury, and piping and parade nights are held at Hulme in Manchester.
 The Honorary Colonel of the GMACF is the Lord Lieutenant of Greater Manchester, Warren James Smith.
Ningxia wines are wines produced in the Chinese province of Ningxia (Chinese: 宁夏; pronounced ]).
 Wine grapes have been grown in the area since 1982, when large Chinese wine producers such as Changyu, Great Wall, and Dynasty established vineyards in the region.
 At that time, little wine was vinified in the region; rather, the grapes were shipped to more developed regions to be turned into wine.
 In the late 1990s, the Ningxia Agricultural Reclamation Management Bureau began a concerted effort to turn once arid land between the Yellow River and the Helan Mountain foothills into a potential site for vineyard development.
 From the mid 2000s onwards, Ningxia saw a steady increase in quality wine production, with international wine brands such as Pernod Ricard and LVMH investing in the area.
 Several boutique, Chinese-owned wineries also began operations in this period, including Helan Qingxue Winery and Silver Heights Vineyard.
 Following Helan Qingxue's surprise win at the Decanter Worldwide Wine Awards in 2011, Ningxia has seen an explosion of winery development.
 One unique viticultural feature of the region is the use of sand and earth to bury the vines in the winter, a labor-intensive practice necessary to protect the vines against the cold and dry months from November through March.
The Corps is a poetic hymn associated with the United States Military Academy.
 It is second in importance to only the Academy's "Alma Mater".
 The words were written by West Point Chaplain, Bishop H.S. Shipman, around 1902.
 The accompanying music was composed in 1910 specially for the ceremonial closing of the Old Cadet Chapel and opening of the new Cadet Chapel.
 "The Corps" was first sung on the steps of the Cadet Chapel on 12 June 1910, and became part of the graduation ceremony starting in 1911.
 Today, "The Corps" is typically sung by the Cadet Glee Club (West Point's choir) in companion to the Alma Mater at alumni gatherings, graduation, memorial ceremonies and funerals.
Cadet Holiday is a 11-minute 1951 Canadian documentary film, made by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) as part of the postwar "Canada Carries On" series.
 The film, directed by David Bairstow, Robert Humble and Douglas Wilkinson, was produced by Sydney Newman and Michael Spencer.
 "Cadet Holiday" was an account of a Canadian Army Cadet during a summer camp.
 The film's French version title is "Cadets en vacances".
The Grand Ducal Family of Luxembourg constitutes the House of Luxembourg-Nassau, headed by the sovereign Grand Duke, and in which the throne of the grand duchy is hereditary.
 It consists of heirs and descendants of the House of Nassau-Weilburg, whose sovereign territories passed cognatically from the Nassau dynasty to a cadet branch of the House of Bourbon-Parma, itself a branch of the Spanish Royal House which is agnatically a cadet branch of the House of Capet that originated in France.
The House of Valois (] ) was a cadet branch of the Capetian dynasty.
 They succeeded the House of Capet (or "Direct Capetians") to the French throne, and were the royal house of France from 1328 to 1589.
 Junior members of the family founded cadet branches in Orléans, Anjou, Burgundy, and Alençon.
The United States Air Force Academy Cadet Chapel, completed in 1962, is the distinguishing feature of the Cadet Area at the United States Air Force Academy north of Colorado Springs.
 It was designed by Walter Netsch of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill of Chicago.
 Construction was accomplished by Robert E. McKee, Inc., of Santa Fe, New Mexico.
 Originally controversial in its design, the Cadet Chapel has become a classic and highly regarded example of modernist architecture.
 The Cadet Chapel was awarded the American Institute of Architects' National Twenty-five Year Award in 1996 and, as part of the Cadet Area, was named a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 2004.
Mouton Cadet is the brand name of a popular range of modestly priced, generic Bordeaux wines, considered Bordeaux's most successful brand.
 Created by Baron Philippe de Rothschild, Mouton Cadet wine is produced through the assembly of a variety of grapes, from several Bordeaux region appellations.
The House of Barcelona was a medieval dynasty that ruled the County of Barcelona continuously from 878 and the Crown of Aragon from 1137 (as kings from 1162).
 From the male part they descend from the Bellonids, the descendants of Wifred the Hairy.
 They inherited most of the Catalan counties by the thirteenth century and established a territorial Principality of Catalonia, uniting it with the Kingdom of Aragon through marriage and conquering numerous other lands and kingdoms until the death of the last legitimate male of the main branch, Martin the Humanist, in 1410.
 Cadet branches of the house continued to rule Urgell (since 992) and Gandia.
 Cadet branches of the dynasty had also ruled Ausona intermittently from 878 until 1111, Provence from 1112 to 1245, and Sicily from 1282 to 1409.
 By the Compromise of Caspe of 1412 the Crown of Aragon passed to a branch of the House of Trastámara, descended from the "infanta" Eleanor of the house of Barcelona.
The Anscarids (Latin: "Anscarii" ) or the House of Ivrea were a medieval Frankish dynasty of Burgundian origin which rose to prominence in Italy in the tenth century, even briefly holding the Italian throne.
 They also ruled the County of Burgundy in the eleventh and twelfth centuries and it was one of their members who first declared himself a count palatine.
 A cadet branch ruled the Kingdom of Galicia from 1111 and the Kingdoms of Castile and León from 1126 until 1369.
 The House of Trastamara, which ruled in Castile, Aragon, Naples, and Navarre at various points between the late 14th and early 16th centuries, was an illegitimate cadet branch of the family.
