Bob Hope Airport, branded as Hollywood Burbank Airport (IATA: BUR, ICAO: KBUR, FAA LID: BUR) is a public airport 3 mi northwest of downtown Burbank, in Los Angeles County, California.
 The airport serves the northern Greater Los Angeles area, including Glendale, Pasadena, and the San Fernando Valley.
 It is closer to Griffith Park and Hollywood than Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), and is the only airport in the area with a direct rail connection to downtown Los Angeles.
 Non-stop flights mostly serve cities in the western United States, while JetBlue Airways has a daily red-eye flight to New York City.
Bob Hope School is a charter school system in Port Arthur, Texas.
 It has two campuses, Bob Hope Elementary Campus and Bob Hope Middle/High School.
Boeing Field, officially King County International Airport (IATA: BFI, ICAO: KBFI, FAA LID: BFI) , is a public airport owned and operated by King County, five miles south of downtown Seattle, Washington.
 The airport is sometimes referred to as KCIA, but this is not the airport identifier.
 The airport has some passenger service, but is mostly used by general aviation and cargo.
 It is named after the founder of Boeing, William E. Boeing.
JetBlue Flight 292 was a scheduled flight from Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, California to John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City.
 On September 21, 2005, Captain Scott Burke executed an emergency landing in the Airbus A320-200 at Los Angeles International Airport after the nose gear jammed in an abnormal position.
 No one was injured.
Samuel "Sam" Chu-Lin (; c. 1939 – March 5, 2006) was an American journalist.
 Born in Greenville, Mississippi, Chu-Lin died at the age of 67 in Burbank, California.
 He became ill at Bob Hope Airport in Burbank after flying in from Phoenix and was taken to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead, said his son, Mark.
Judith Richards Hope (born November 1940) is a lawyer, law professor, and corporate director.
 She is a visiting law professor at Georgetown University in addition to being the president and CEO of an international consulting firm, Hope & Company, P.C.
 She is the former daughter-in-law of Bob Hope, as she was the first wife of Bob Hope's son, Tony Hope.
Burbank-Bob Hope Airport is an unstaffed Amtrak and Metrolink rail station at Bob Hope Airport in the city of Burbank, California.
 It is served by both Amtrak's "Pacific Surfliner" from San Luis Obispo to San Diego and Metrolink's Ventura County Line from Los Angeles Union Station to east Ventura.
 The ten "Pacific Surfliner" trains that serve the station daily and 29 Metrolink trains that serve the station each weekday connect arrivals from the airport to downtown Los Angeles' Union Station in about 30 minutes.
 Amtrak's "Coast Starlight" which travels between Seattle, Washington and Los Angeles also stops here.
Boeing Plant 2 (also known as Air Force Plant 17) was a factory building which was built in 1936 by the Boeing Corporation in King County, Washington in the United States.
 By the time production ceased in the building, the plant had built half of the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses, the Boeing 307s, the Boeing 377s, some of the Boeing B-29 Superfortresses, Boeing B-50 Superfortresses, B-47 Stratojets, B-52 Stratofortresses, and the initial Boeing 737s.
 It was located between the Duwamish River and Boeing Field.
Downtown Burbank is a passenger rail station near downtown Burbank, California.
 It is served by Metrolink's Antelope Valley Line to Lancaster and Ventura County Line to East Ventura with both terminating at Los Angeles Union Station.
 Amtrak trains do not stop at this station; rather, Amtrak trains stop at the Burbank Airport station, adjacent to Bob Hope Airport, several miles to the northwest of downtown Burbank.
 Megabus started providing long distance motorcoach service from the station on August 15, 2013.
Bob Hope Patriotic Hall is a 10-story building that was dedicated as Patriotic Hall by the Los Angeles Board of Supervisors in 1925 and was built to serve veterans of Indian Wars, Spanish–American War, World War I and to support the Grand Army of the Republic.
 It serves as the home of the Los Angeles County Department of Military and Veterans Affairs.
 Patriotic hall was rededicated to honor of Bob Hope and renamed "Bob Hope Patriotic Hall" on November 12, 2004.
 Ruth A. Wong became the Director of Military and Veterans Affairs on July 16, 2013.
