Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
Philippe (] , French: "Philippe Léopold Louis Marie" , Dutch: "Filip Leopold Lodewijk Maria" , German: "Philipp Leopold Ludwig Maria" ; born 15 April 1960) is the seventh King of the Belgians, having ascended the throne on 21 July 2013, following his father's abdication.
 He is the eldest child of King Albert II, whom he succeeded upon Albert's abdication for health reasons, and Queen Paola.
 He married Countess Mathilde d'Udekem d'Acoz (now Queen Mathilde), with whom he has four children.
 King Philippe's elder daughter, Princess Elisabeth, is first in the line of succession.
Laurent Merlin (born 17 October 1984) is a French footballer who plays for Latina.
 A midfielder, he started his career as a youngster with the Olympique de Marseille reserve team, where he quickly progressed into the senior squad and earned two caps over two seasons with the seniors.
 Laurent was then snapped up by Corsica based French league team, AC Ajaccio.
 He got his first senior goal with the club before being loaned to LB Chateauroux and on his return was sold to Chivas USA.
Laurent Manrique (born March 30, 1966) is a French restaurateur and Michelin-starred chef.
 Currently overseeing projects in New York and San Francisco, Laurent has extensive professional experience in both locales.
 He was the Corporate Executive Chef of Aqua, an upscale seafood restaurant in San Francisco, where he earned 2 Michelin stars in 2006, the first time Michelin came to the San Francisco Bay Area, and again in 2007 and 2008.
 Upon his departure in 2009, the restaurant lost its Michelin status.
 For several years, he has overseen the Cafe de la Presse, located on the corner of Bush Street and Grant Avenue, as well as two wine bars: Blanc et Rouge and Rouge and Blanc.
 In New York, he recently opened Millesime, a seafood brasserie in the Carlton Hotel.
Leopold Lummerstorfer (born 1968 in Gramastetten, Austria) is an Austrian film director, author and producer.
 He resides in Vienna and near Kapuvár.
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
Laurent Touil-Tartour (born November 23, 1971) is an award-winning French film director, screenwriter, producer.
 He is known for writing, directing and producing the critically acclaimed web series "Urban Wolf" (2010).
 His works have been described by the American Film Institute, Wired Magazine, The Wall Street Journal and others as "original and visionary".
 In 2010 Touil-Tartour licensed the worldwide distribution rights of Urban Wolf to Sony Pictures Entertainment.
 In 2011 Touil-Tartour has signed with blockbuster film director/producer Michael Bay's multi platform Emmy Award-winning production company The Institute to direct feature films, commercials, video games, web content and/or TV shows.
Jean Laurent, born 30 December 1906 in Maisons-Alfort, died 14 May 1995, was a French international footballer.
 He played as a defender.
 He was the elder brother of Lucien Laurent, who was also an international footballer, and scored the first goal in the history of the Football World Cup.
