Forbidden Creatures: Inside the World of Animal Smuggling and Exotic Pets is a 2010 book by Doctor of Philosophy Peter Laufer.
 It is the second book in his untitled animal trilogy, following "The Dangerous World of Butterflies" in 2009 and preceding "No Animals Were Harmed" in 2011.
 The book explores the lives of those that either own exotic animals or have been captured for illegally smuggling them, with a strong focus on Travis, the chimpanzee who attacked Charla Nash in 2009.
This is a list of notable films that are primarily about and/or feature animals.
 While films involving dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals are included on this list, those concerning mythical creatures, such as dragons or vampires, are not; however, films concerning anthropomorphized animals (such as Scooby-Doo), gigantized animals (such as King Kong), mutated forms of real animals (such as "Anaconda"), or fictional hybrids of real animals (such as "Sharktopus") are considered to be films about animals, and are thus featured on this list.
Peter Laufer is an independent American journalist, broadcaster and documentary filmmaker working in traditional and new media.
 He is the James Wallace Chair in Journalism at the University of Oregon School of Journalism and Communication.
American Humane (AH) is an organization founded in 1877, committed to ensuring the safety, welfare and well-being of animals.
 American Humane's leadership programs are first to serve in promoting and nurturing the bonds between animals and humans.
 It was previously called the International Humane Association, before changing its name in 1878.
 In 1940, it became the sole monitoring body for the humane treatment of animals on the sets of Hollywood films and other broadcast productions.
 American Humane is best known for its trademarked certification "No Animals Were Harmed", which appears at the end of film or television credits.
 It has also run the Red Star Animal Emergency Services since 1916.
 In 2000, American Humane formed the Farm Animal Services program, an animal welfare label system for food products.
 American Humane is currently headquartered in Washington D.C. It is a section 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.
The Dangerous World of Butterflies: The Startling Subculture of Criminals, Collectors, and Conservationists is a 2009 book by Doctor of Philosophy Peter Laufer.
 It is the first book in his untitled animal trilogy, preceding "Forbidden Creatures" in 2010 and "No Animals Were Harmed" in 2011.
 The book explores the presence of the butterfly in the fields of organized crime, ecological devastation, species depletion, natural history museum integrity, and chaos theory.
¡Calexico!
 True Lives of the Borderlands is a 2011 book by Doctor of Philosophy Peter Laufer.
 It covers Laufer's encounters and experiences during his week-long stay in Calexico, California, a city on the Mexico–California border.
 He asks citizens there various questions about life on the border, such as what draws them to border towns and if "English-only" would be a realistic policy.
The prohibition "do not feed the animals" reflects a policy forbidding the artificial feeding of wildlife (wild or feral animals) in situations where the animals, or the people doing the feeding, might be harmed.
 Signs displaying this message are commonly found in zoos, circuses, animal theme parks, aquariums, national parks, parks, public spaces, farms, and other places where people come into contact with wildlife.
 In some cases there are laws to enforce such no-feeding policies.
 However, some people (such as some of those who enjoy feeding pigeons in cities) openly and strongly oppose such laws claiming that animals such as pigeons can be an amenity for people who do not have company such as friends or family, and say that the laws prohibiting feeding animals in urban places must change.
 In some countries, such as Greece, feeding the pigeons in cities is a widespread practice.
 Cultural hostility to feeding animals in cities and laws that ban the practice raise concerns about how humans relate to other living beings in the urban environment.
 Politicians have also protested laws that ban feeding feral pigeons in cities.
 Feral pigeons in cities existed for thousands of years but only recently in some countries humans started seeing them as a nuisance and became hostile to them.
 In India, feeding feral animals in cities is considered a noble act.
 Academicians say that how humans treat animals is related to how humans treat each other and thus raise concerns about the cultural shift from seeing feral city pigeons as harmless in the 1800s to seeing them a undesirable in some countries in the 2000s.
No Animals Were Harmed: The Controversial Line Between Entertainment and Abuse is a 2011 book by Peter Laufer.
 It is the third book in his untitled animal trilogy, following "Forbidden Creatures" in 2010 and "The Dangerous World of Butterflies" in 2009.
 The book explores what those who work with animals believe to be the line between using animals for entertainment purposes and abusing them.
 Meanwhile, the author recounts how his own opinions changed about that line when he talks to the different people about their beliefs.
Hope is a Tattered Flag: Voices of Reason and Change for the Post-Bush Era is a 2008 book by Markos Kounalakis and Peter Laufer, with a foreword by Will Durst.
 The book follows the answers Kounalakis and Laufer get when asking people where they go from here, now that George W. Bush has left office as the President of the United States.
 The foreword by Will Durst talks about his opinion of the Post-Bush Era.
Acclimatisation societies were voluntary associations in the 19th and 20th centuries that encouraged the introduction of non-native species in various places around the world with the hope of their acclimatisation and adaptation.
 The motivation at the time was a sense that introducing these species of plants and animals would enrich the flora and fauna of a region .
 These societies were born during a period of colonialism when Europeans began to settle in unfamiliar environments, and the movement sought to establish familiar plants and animals (mainly from Europe) in new areas while also bringing exotic and useful foreign plants and animals into the European centres.
 Today it is widely understood that introducing species can be harmful to native species and their ecosystems; for example, in Australia plants were harmed by rabbits' overgrazing; in North America house sparrows displace and kill native birds; and around the world, salamander populations are today threatened by introduced fungal infections.
 At the time of acclimatisation societies, however, this was insufficiently understood .
