Timothy J. Keller (born September 23, 1950) is an American pastor, theologian and Christian apologist.
 He is best known as the founding pastor of Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York City, New York, and the author of "The New York Times" bestselling books "The Prodigal God: Recovering the Heart of the Christian Faith" (2008), "Prayer: Experiencing Awe and Intimacy with God" (2014), and "The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism" (2008).
 The prequel for the latter is "Making Sense of GOD: An Invitation to the Skeptical" (2016).
Internet Infidels, Inc. is a Colorado Springs, Colorado-based nonprofit educational organization founded in 1995 by Jeffery Jay Lowder and Brett Lemoine.
 Its mission is to use the Internet to promote a view that supernatural forces or entities do not exist (metaphysical naturalism).
 Internet Infidels maintains a website of educational resources about agnosticism, atheism, freethought, humanism, secularism, and other nontheistic viewpoints particularly relevant to nonbelievers and skeptics of the paranormal.
 Relevant resources include rebuttals to arguments made by religious apologists and theistic philosophers, transcripts of debates between believers and nonbelievers, and responses from opponents of a naturalistic worldview.
 The site has been referred to by one of its critics, Christian apologist Gary Habermas, as "one of the Internet's main Web sites for skeptics" and by skeptical physicist Taner Edis as "a major Web site serving nonbelievers".
 Its tagline is "a drop of reason in a pool of confusion".
Escape From Reason is a philosophical work written by American theologian and Christian apologist Francis A. Schaeffer, London: InterVarsity Press, first published in 1968.
 It is Book Two in Volume One of "The Complete Works of Francis A. Schaeffer A Christian Worldview."
 Westchester, IL:Crossway Books, 1982.
 This is the second book of Francis Schaeffer's "Trilogy."
 It was written and published after "The God Who Is There" was written but released before that first book.
Clive Staples Lewis (29 November 1898 – 22 November 1963) was a British novelist, poet, academic, medievalist, literary critic, essayist, lay theologian, broadcaster, lecturer, and Christian apologist.
 He held academic positions at both Oxford University (Magdalen College, 1925–1954) and Cambridge University (Magdalene College, 1954–1963).
 He is best known for his works of fiction, especially "The Screwtape Letters", "The Chronicles of Narnia", and "The Space Trilogy", and for his non-fiction Christian apologetics, such as "Mere Christianity", "Miracles", and "The Problem of Pain".
Scott W. Hahn (born October 28, 1957) is an American Roman Catholic lay theologian, contemporary author, professor, and Christian apologist.
 A former Presbyterian who converted to Catholicism, Hahn's popular works include "Rome Sweet Home" and "The Lamb's Supper: The Mass as Heaven on Earth".
 His lectures have been featured in multiple audio distributions through Lighthouse Catholic Media.
 Hahn is known for his notable research on early Christianity during the Apostolic Age and various theoretical works concerning the early Church fathers.
Francis J. "Frank" Beckwith (born 1960) is an American philosopher, Christian apologist, scholar, and lecturer.
 He is currently Professor of Philosophy & Church-State Studies, Associate Director of the Graduate Program in Philosophy, and Co-Director of the Program on Philosophical Studies of Religion in the Institute for Studies of Religion (ISR) at Baylor University, and he was formerly Associate Director of Baylor’s J. M. Dawson Institute of Church-State Studies.
 Beckwith works in the areas of social ethics, applied ethics, legal philosophy, and the philosophy of religion.
True Spirituality is a work on personal spirituality written by American theologian and Christian apologist Francis A. Schaeffer, Wheaton, IL: Tyndale, first published in 1971.
 It is Book Two in Volume Three of "The Complete Works of Francis A. Schaeffer A Christian Worldview."
 Westchester, IL:Crossway Books, 1982.
Alister Edgar McGrath {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 23 January 1953) is a Northern Irish theologian, priest, intellectual historian, scientist, and Christian apologist.
 He currently holds the Andreas Idreos Professorship in Science and Religion in the Faculty of Theology and Religion at the University of Oxford, and is Professor of Divinity at Gresham College.
 He was previously Professor of Theology, Ministry, and Education at King's College London and Head of the Centre for Theology, Religion and Culture, Professor of Historical Theology at the University of Oxford, and was principal of Wycliffe Hall, Oxford, until 2005.
 He is an Anglican priest.
James Porter Moreland (born March 9, 1948), better known as J. P. Moreland, is an American philosopher, theologian, and Christian apologist.
 He currently serves as a Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at Talbot School of Theology at Biola University in La Mirada, California.
John Carson Lennox (born 7 November 1943) is a Northern Irish mathematician and scientist specialising in group theory, philosopher of science, Christian apologist, and Emeritus Professor of Mathematics at the University of Oxford.
 He is a Fellow in Mathematics and Philosophy of Science at Green Templeton College, Oxford University.
 He is also Pastoral Advisor of Green Templeton College, Oxford, a Fellow of Wycliffe Hall, Oxford and Associate Fellow of the Saïd Business School.
