Mathilde Bonnefoy (born 11 March 1972) is a French film editor and director who was nominated for an ACE Eddie Award for the editing of the film "Run Lola Run" (1998) and who won the award for editing the documentary "Citizenfour" (2014).
 She and her husband Dirk Wilutzky additionally served as producers of "Citizenfour" with its director Laura Poitras, and the three received the 2014 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Michael C. Flessas (born June 2, 1959 in Miami, Florida), is the birth name of American actor Michael Flessas, who is of Greek ancestry.
 Flessas' most notable film role was "Angry Man" in the Cannes Film Festival 2000 Palme d'Or winning film "Dancer in the Dark" directed by Danish film director Lars von Trier.
 Originally, the director himself considered playing the role but, instead, the role was given to Flessas.
 "Dancer in the Dark" starred Icelandic singer/actress Björk who won the Best Actress award at Cannes for her role.
 French film icon, César Award winner, and Academy Award nominee Catherine Deneuve, and other noteworthy artists such as Academy Award and Tony Award winner Joel Grey, Peter Stormare, David Morse, and Stellan Skarsgård also performed in the multiple prize winning film.
 One of Björk's songs for the film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Song.
Roger Ross Williams (born September 16, 1973) is an American television news, documentary and entertainment director, producer and writer.
 He directed most notably "Music by Prudence" that won the Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject), about a 21-year-old Zimbabwean singer-songwriter Prudence Mabhena, who was born severely disabled and has struggled to overcome poverty and discrimination.
 All other seven members of Prudence's band "Liyana" are also disabled.
 Williams's film "God Loves Uganda", which premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival to enormous critical acclaim.
 It was shortlisted for a 2014 Academy Award, has won over a dozen awards and screened at over 60 film festivals worldwide.
 His latest film "Life, Animated" was nominated for the 2017 Academy Award.
The 5th Africa Movie Academy Awards ceremony was held on April 4, 2009 at the Gloryland Cultural Center in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, Nigeria, to honor the best African films of 2008.
 It was broadcast live on Nigerian national television.
 Africa Movie Academy Award winner Kate Henshaw-Nuttal and Nigerian stand-up comedian Julius Agwu hosted the ceremony.
 Numerous celebrities graced the event, including Timipre Sylva (the Governor of Bayelsa State) and Nollywood actresses and actors.
 Special guests were Academy Award winner Forest Whitaker and Hollywood actor Danny Glover.
Killer Films is a New York City-based independent film production company founded by movie producers Christine Vachon and Pamela Koffler in 1995.
 The company has produced a number of the most acclaimed American independent films over the past two decades including "Far From Heaven" (nominated for four Academy Awards), "Boys Don't Cry" (Academy Award winner), "One Hour Photo", "Kids", "Hedwig and the Angry Inch", "Happiness", "Velvet Goldmine", "Safe", "I Shot Andy Warhol", "Swoon", "I'm Not There" (Academy Award nominated), "Kill Your Darlings", "Still Alice" (Academy Award winner) and "Carol" (nominated for six Academy Awards).
 Killer Films executive produced Todd Haynes' five episode HBO miniseries "Mildred Pierce" featuring Kate Winslet and Guy Pearce, which went on to win five Emmys, a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award.
"Emanuelle Goes to Dinosaur Land" is the of the fourth season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 79th overall episode of the series.
 It was written by supervising producer Matt Hubbard and directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) network in the United States on May 13, 2010.
 Guest stars in this episode include John Anderson, Elizabeth Banks, Jon Hamm, Kristin McGee, Julianne Moore, Michael Sheen, Jason Sudeikis, and Dean Winters.
Rich Moore (born May 10, 1963) is an American film and television animation director, screenwriter, voice actor, and a creative partner at both Rough Draft Studios and Walt Disney Animation Studios.
 He is best known for his work on the animated television shows "The Simpsons", "The Critic," and "Futurama", and for directing the Disney animated film "Wreck-It Ralph" (2012) and co-directing "Zootopia" (2016).
 He is a two-time Emmy Award winner, a three-time Annie Award winner, and an Academy Award winner.
Kyle Townsend (born September 21, 1978) is an American record producer, musician and composer.
 He has produced songs for such acclaimed recording artists as 5-time GRAMMY Award winner Celine Dion, 8-time Academy Award nominated songwriter Diane Warren, as well as Mary J Blige, Lady Gaga, Jessie J, and Academy Award winner Jennifer Hudson among others.
 He has produced songs for five feature film releases including the 2012 Academy Award nominee for Best Picture, and he produced and arranged music for the 2015 Academy Awards Ceremony.
 His contributions have earned 2 GRAMMY Award Nominations.
Paul Edward Haggis (born March 10, 1953) is a Canadian screenwriter, producer, and director of film and television.
 He is best known as screenwriter and producer for consecutive Best Picture Oscar winners: "Million Dollar Baby" (2004) and "Crash" (2005), the latter of which he also directed.
 He is the creator of the television series "Due South" and the co-creator of "Walker, Texas Ranger".
 He is a two-time Academy Award winner, two-time Emmy Award winner, and seven-time Gemini Award winner.
André Turpin (born 1965) is a Canadian cinematographer, film director and screenwriter.
 He ia a member of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and sciences.
 As a cinematographer, he is a Bronze Frog winner for best cinematography at Camerimage international film festival for Mommy, Canadian screen award winner for best cinematography for Juste LA Fin Du Monde, two-time Genie Award winner for Best Cinematography, for "Maelström" at the 21st Genie Awards and for "Incendies" at the 31st Genie Awards, and a six-time winner of the Jutra Award for Best Cinematography, for "Maelström", "Incendies", "It's Not Me, I Swear!
 (C'est pas moi, je le jure!)"
, "Soft Shell Man (Un crabe dans la tête)" and "Mommy" and Juste La Fin Du Monde, a winner of the Jutra Award for Best Director for Un Crabe Dans La Tête.
 He also won the Jutra Award for Best Screen Writing for Un Crabe Dans La Tête.
 As a director he is best known for "Un crabe dans la tête", which was Canada's submission to the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 75th Academy Awards.
