Edinburgh Castle is a historic fortress which dominates the skyline of the city of Edinburgh, Scotland, from its position on the Castle Rock.
 Archaeologists have established human occupation of the rock since at least the Iron Age (2nd century AD), although the nature of the early settlement is unclear.
 There has been a royal castle on the rock since at least the reign of David I in the 12th century, and the site continued to be a royal residence until 1633.
 From the 15th century the castle's residential role declined, and by the 17th century it was principally used as military barracks with a large garrison.
 Its importance as a part of Scotland's national heritage was recognised increasingly from the early 19th century onwards, and various restoration programmes have been carried out over the past century and a half.
 As one of the most important strongholds in the Kingdom of Scotland, Edinburgh Castle was involved in many historical conflicts from the Wars of Scottish Independence in the 14th century to the Jacobite Rising of 1745.
 Research undertaken in 2014 identified 26 sieges in its 1100-year-old history, giving it a claim to having been "the most besieged place in Great Britain and one of the most attacked in the world".
Ardencaple Castle, also known as Ardincaple Castle, and sometimes referred to as Ardencaple Castle Light, is a listed building, situated about 1 smi from Helensburgh, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
 Today, all that remains of the castle is a tower, perched on the edge of a plateau, looking down on a flat tract of land between it and the shore of the Firth of Clyde.
 The original castle was thought to have been built sometime in the 12th century, and part of the remains of the original castle were said to have existed in the 19th century.
 Today, that sole remaining tower is used as a navigational aid for shipping on the Firth of Clyde.
 Because of its use as a lighthouse the tower has been called Ardencaple Castle Light.
Kinloch Castle (Scottish Gaelic: "Caisteal Cheann Locha" ) is a late Victorian mansion located on the Isle of Rùm, one of the Small Isles off the west coast of Scotland.
 It was built as a private residence for Sir George Bullough, a textile tycoon from Lancashire whose father bought Rùm as his summer residence and shooting estate.
 Construction began in 1897, and was completed in 1900.
 Built as a luxurious retreat, Kinloch Castle has since declined.
 The castle and island are now owned by Scottish Natural Heritage, and part of the castle operates as a hostel.
 The Kinloch Castle Friends Association was established in 1996 to secure the long-term future of the building.
Crail Castle was a castle that was located in Crail, Fife, Scotland.
 Crail became a Royal Burgh in the 12th century.
 The castle was frequented by King David I of Scotland during his reign in the 12th century.
 Ada de Warenne obtained Crail as part of her marriage settlement with Prince Henry of Scotland.
 King Robert I of Scotland reconfirmed Crail's burgh status in 1306 and confirmed the constabulary of the castle to Lawrence de Weirmerstoun in 1310.
 By 1563 the castle had become ruinous.
 The castle was sited above the harbour.
 No remains above ground are visible.
Tilquhillie Castle is a castle near Banchory in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
 A Category A listed building, the castle formally formed part of the lands of Arbroath Abbey.
 Historic Environment Scotland's listed-building report from 1972 described the castle thus:
Castle Semple (previously Castletoun) is a former mansion house located in Renfrewshire, Scotland.
 It is situated near the eastern end of Castle Semple Loch, within Clyde Muirshiel Regional Park.
 Erected, or more probably rebuilt, by John Sempill, 1st Lord Sempill, he changed its name from Castletoun to Castle-Semple.
 In Willem Blaeu's "Atlas Maior", published in 1654, the castle is represented by a mark denoting the largest size of castles.
 In George Crawford's "History of Renfrewshire" (1710), he noted, ""Upon the brink of the loch stands the castle of Sempill, the principal messuage of a fair lordship of the same denomination, which consists of a large court, part of which seems to be a very ancient building, adorned with pleasant orchards and gardens.""
 According to Gardner, Castleton was built in 1492-3, but Millar states that it was built closer to 1550, as a successor to Elliston Castle.
Loch Leven Castle is a ruined castle on an island in Loch Leven, in the Perth and Kinross local authority area of Scotland.
 Possibly built around 1300, the castle was the location of military action during the Wars of Scottish Independence (1296–1357).
 In the latter part of the 14th century, the castle was granted by his uncle to William Douglas, 1st Earl of Douglas, and remained in Douglas' hands for the next 300 years.
 Mary, Queen of Scots was imprisoned here in 1567–1568, and forced to abdicate as queen, before escaping with the help of her gaoler's family.
 In 1588, the Queen's gaoler inherited the title Earl of Morton, and moved away from the castle.
 It was bought, in 1675, by Sir William Bruce, who used the castle as a focal point in his garden; it was never again used as a residence.
Hatton Castle stands on the lower part of Hatton Hill, the most easterly of the Sidlaw Hills, to the south of Newtyle in Angus, Scotland.
 The castle overlooks the wooded Den of Newtyle, and its views extend across Strathmore and include Ben Lawers and Schiehallion as well as the Angus and Glenshee hills.
 The 16th-century castle was originally built in a typical Scottish "Z plan" tower house design, as a fortified country house or "château".
 There was an earlier castle called Balcraig Castle which stood less than half a mile from the present building, also on Hatton Hill.
Spook Squad is a British children's television gameshow created by BBC Scotland.
 It ran on CBBC's section BBC1 and BBC2 from 6 January 2004, to 30 March 2004.
 The gameshow featured three children contestants entering a haunted castle in Scotland to assist Professor MacAbre in hunting ghosts before they reach their "death day" and gain superpowers.
 The show was filmed in Fyvie Castle.
Balloch Castle is an early 19th-century country house situated at the southern tip of Loch Lomond, in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland.
 Balloch was a property of the Lennox family from the 11th century, and the old castle was built in the 13th century.
 In the 19th century the estate was purchased by John Buchanan of Ardoch, who demolished the ruins of the old castle and erected the present building.
 The Tudor Gothic architecture is the work of Robert Lugar.
 In 1915 Balloch was bought by Glasgow City Corporation, and has been leased by West Dunbartonshire Council since 1975.
 The estate was designated as a country park in 1980, and since 2002 has been part of Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park.
 Although the house has been periodically used for visitor facilities and council offices, it is now included on the Buildings at Risk Register.
 Balloch Castle is a category A listed building, and the estate is included on the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland.
