Johnny Mnemonic is a 1995 Canadian-American cyberpunk action thriller film directed by Robert Longo in his directorial debut.
 The film stars Keanu Reeves and Dolph Lundgren.
 The film is based on the story of the same name by William Gibson.
 Keanu Reeves plays the title character, a man with a cybernetic brain implant designed to store information.
 The film portrays Gibson's dystopian view of the future with the world dominated by megacorporations and with strong East Asian influences.
 This was Dolph Lundgren's last theatrically released film until 2010's "The Expendables".
John Wick is a 2014 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and David Leitch.
 It stars Keanu Reeves, Michael Nyqvist, Alfie Allen, Adrianne Palicki, Bridget Moynahan, Dean Winters, Ian McShane, John Leguizamo and Willem Dafoe.
 The first installment in the "John Wick" film series, the story focuses on John Wick (Reeves), a retired hitman seeking vengeance for the theft of his vintage car and the killing of his puppy, a gift from his recently deceased wife.
 Stahelski and Leitch directed the film together, though Leitch was uncredited.
"Felicity" is an American drama television series created by J. J. Abrams & Matt Reeves.
 Abrams and Reeves share executive producer duties with Brian Grazer, Tony Krantz, Jennifer Levin, Ron Howard, John Eisendrath & Laurie McCarthy.
 It was produced by Touchstone Television (now known as ABC Studios) and Imagine Television.
 The series first aired on September 29, 1998, and ended on May 22, 2002 after four seasons on The WB.
Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa is a 2013 American hidden camera comedy film directed by Jeff Tremaine and written by Tremaine, Spike Jonze and Johnny Knoxville.
 It is the fourth installment in the "Jackass" film series.
 The film stars Johnny Knoxville and Jackson Nicoll.
 It was produced by MTV Films and Dickhouse Productions and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 The film was released on October 25, 2013.
 "Bad Grandpa" has a loose narrative that connects the stunts and pranks together (in a manner reminiscent of "Borat"), as opposed to the three original "Jackass" films which did not have a story.
Keanu primarily refers to Keanu Reeves (born 1964), a Canadian actor and director.
Point Break is a 1991 American action crime thriller film directed by Kathryn Bigelow, starring Patrick Swayze, Keanu Reeves, Lori Petty and Gary Busey.
 The title refers to the surfing term "point break," where a wave breaks as it hits a point of land jutting out from the coastline.
 Reeves stars as rookie FBI agent Johnny Utah, who is investigating a string of bank robberies possibly being committed by surfers.
 Johnny goes undercover to infiltrate the surfing community and develops a complex friendship with Bodhi (Swayze), the charismatic leader of a gang of surfers.
Man of Tai Chi is a 2013 Chinese-American martial arts film directed by and starring Keanu Reeves in his directorial debut, and co-stars Tiger Chen, Iko Uwais, Karen Mok and Simon Yam.
 "Man of Tai Chi" is a multilingual narrative, partly inspired by the life of Reeves' friend, stuntman Tiger Chen.
Henry's Crime is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Malcolm Venville and starring Keanu Reeves, Vera Farmiga, and James Caan.
 The film follows Henry (Reeves), who goes to jail for a robbery he did not commit.
 Once released, he plans on robbing the same bank with his former cellmate Max (Caan).
 The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 14, 2010, and was given a limited release in the United States on April 8, 2011.
The Night Before is a 1988 film starring Keanu Reeves and Lori Loughlin.
 Reeves plays Winston Connelly, the so-called high school nerd and vice president of the astronomy club.
 Loughlin plays Tara Mitchell, the pretty and popular head cheerleader who also happens to be the local police chief's daughter.
 The Tagline was: "You lost your father's car, sold your prom date and a guy called 'Tito' wants you dead.
 It's a date that's the time of your life."
 It was filmed and set entirely in Los Angeles, California.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is a 2017 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad.
 The second installment in the "John Wick" film series, the plot follows hitman John Wick, who goes on the run after a bounty is placed on his head.
 It stars Keanu Reeves, Common, Laurence Fishburne, Riccardo Scamarcio, Ruby Rose, John Leguizamo and Ian McShane, and marks the first collaboration between Reeves and Fishburne since appearing together in "The Matrix" trilogy.
