Theodore William "Ted" Allen (August 23, 1919January 19, 2005) was an American intellectual, writer, and activist, best known for his pioneering writings since the 1960s on "white skin privilege" and the "invention" of the "white race," particularly his seminal "Class Struggle and the Origin of Racial Slavery: The Invention of the White Race," published as a pamphlet in 1975, and published the next year in expanded form.
 He stressed that the "white race" was invented as "a ruling class social control formation."
The Cloward–Piven strategy is a political strategy outlined in 1966 by American sociologists and political activists Richard Cloward and Frances Fox Piven that called for overloading the U.S. public welfare system in order to precipitate a crisis that would lead to a replacement of the welfare system with a national system of "a guaranteed annual income and thus an end to poverty".
In American politics, the southern strategy was a Republican Party electoral strategy to increase political support among white voters in the South by appealing to racism against African Americans.
 As the Civil Rights Movement and dismantling of Jim Crow laws in the 1950s and 1960s visibly deepened existing racial tensions in much of the Southern United States, Republican politicians such as presidential candidate Richard Nixon and Senator Barry Goldwater developed strategies that successfully contributed to the political realignment of many white, conservative voters in the South to the Republican Party that had traditionally supported the Democratic Party.
 It also helped push the Republican Party much more to the right.
Angela McGlowan is an American political commentator, best selling author, and CEO of Political Strategies & Insights (PSI), a government affairs, political strategy, public relations, and advocacy consulting firm based in Oxford, Mississippi, with an office in Washington, D.C. In 2010, she placed third in the Republican primary for a Congressional seat in Mississippi.
Uneven and combined development (or unequal and combined development) is a Marxist concept to describe the overall dynamics of human history.
 It was originally used by the Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky around the turn of the 20th century, when he was analyzing the developmental possibilities that existed for the economy and civilization in the Russian empire, and the likely future of the Tsarist regime in Russia.
 It was the basis of his political strategy of permanent revolution, which implied a rejection of the idea that a human society inevitably developed through a uni-linear sequence of necessary "stages".
 Trotsky's ideas matured under the influence of Georg Vollmar's study of a possibility of socialism in one country, as well as John Hobson, Rudolf Hilferding and Vladimir Lenin's studies of imperialism.
 Also before Trotsky, Nikolay Chernyshevsky and Vasily Vorontsov proposed a similar idea.
 The concept is still used today by Trotskyists and other Marxists concerned with world politics.
White nationalism is a type of nationalism or pan-nationalism which holds the belief that white people are a race and seeks to develop and maintain a white national identity.
 Its proponents identify with and are attached to the concept of a white nation.
 White nationalists say they seek to ensure the survival of the white race, and the cultures of historically white states.
 They hold that white people should maintain their majority in majority-white countries, maintain their political and economic dominance, and that their cultures should be foremost.
 Many white nationalists believe that miscegenation, multiculturalism, immigration of nonwhites and low birth rates among whites are threatening the white race, and some argue that it amounts to white genocide.
A fifty-state strategy is a political strategy which aims for progress in all states of the United States of America, rather than conceding certain states as "unwinnable."
 In a presidential campaign, it is usually implemented as an appeal to a broad base of the American public in an attempt to win, even if marginally, every state, since even a marginal victory is effectively total victory for electoral purposes.
 It can also refer to an overall long-term strategy for a political movement such as a political party.
The 100-Hour Plan was a United States Democratic Party political strategy detailing the actions the party pursued upon assuming leadership of the 110th Congress on January 4, 2007.
 The strategy was announced before the 2006 midterm elections.
 Speaker Nancy Pelosi pledged that her party would continue to pursue these goals upon her assumption of leadership.
 The 100-hour time period refers to business hours and not actual time, and has alternately been termed "100 "legislative" hours"; Pelosi's spokesman Brendan Daly defined the starting point this way: "It’s when the House convenes, after the one-minutes and before the special orders."
1920 Politics also referred to as “Jim Crow” circa 1930, was a Republican political strategy to reassert the authority of the white race and promote American Anglo-Saxon values, in what was then the US Territory of Hawaii.
The Republican National Committee (RNC) is a U.S. political committee that provides national leadership for the Republican Party of the United States.
 It is responsible for developing and promoting the Republican political platform, as well as coordinating fundraising and election strategy.
 It is also responsible for organizing and running the Republican National Convention.
 Similar committees exist in every U.S. state and most U.S. counties, although in some states party organization is structured by congressional district, allied campaign organizations being governed by a national committee.
 Ronna Romney McDaniel is the current committee chairwoman.
