The Sioux City Linseed Oil Works is a historic building located in Sioux City, Iowa, United States.
 It is located in an area east of the central business district where warehouses and other industrial buildings are located.
 It housed the Sioux City Linseed Oil Works (initially known as Hubbard and Gere) from 1884, when it was built, until 1927 when its owner, the American Linseed Oil Company, ceased production here.
 The building was largely destroyed in a fire that began late in the night of May 20, 1891.
 Mankato, Minnesota architect William D. McLaughlin stepped in to complete the work begun by Sioux City architect E.W. Loft.
 Essentially, the building was rebuilt and was very similar in appearance to the original structure.
 Gone was the gable roof on the westernmost wing, which was replaced by a flat roof, and two floors were added to the rebuilt press room annex in the back.
 The building was acquired by Bekins Van and Storage Company in 1928.
 They began operations here two years later, and they remained the primary tenant in the building until 1972.
 There was a variety of other tenants who were housed here over the years.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
Maynard Town Hall and Jail is a historic building located in Maynard, Iowa, United States.
 Before this building was constructed the town had no building to enact its business.
 They used the mayor's house or place of business for his office and council meetings.
 After it was completed, this building served as a jail into the late 1930s and as the city hall until 1952, when a new community building was completed.
 For most of the time it served as a jail it was outfitted with bars and had bunks.
 It was a short-term lock-up for those who committed minor infractions.
 It was used for a public library beginning in the 1940s.
 After its use as a city hall, it was bought by a local merchant for use in his grocery store in 1957.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
The First National Bank of Mason City, also known as Norwest Bank Building and City Center of Mason City, is a historic building located in Mason City, Iowa, United States.
 It was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Liebbe, Nourse & Rasmussen, and it was the only Mason City commission for this firm.
 Completed in 1911, it was constructed by C.E. Atkinson of Webster City, Iowa who had built several other H.F. Liebbe designs.
 The 6½-story building follows the Early Commercial style.
 It features modestly decorated main floor and attic level with five floors of rather plain brick construction in between.
 The bank occupied most of the first floor and some of the office space above, while the other office space was taken up by professional offices.
 By the 1960s the bank occupied the whole building.
 John Dillinger, Baby Face Nelson, John Hamilton and Tommy Carroll robbed the bank on March 13,1934 and stole about $50,000.
 Dillinger was wounded in an exchange of gunfire during the heist.
 The building to the north of the bank was torn down in 1982 and a two-story annex to the bank replaced it.
 The bank building was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997, and as a contributing property in the Mason City Downtown Historic District in 2005.
 City Center of Mason City Inc. bought the building in 1995, and remodeled it into apartments and offices.
The Sandwich–Marseilles Manufacturing Building, also known as the Dwarfies/Breeders Supply Building, is a historic building located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, United States.
 This building was built by the Sandwich Manufacturing Company and the Marseilles Manufacturing Company in what is known as the Implement District, an industrial area south of the central business district that was home to farm implement manufacturers.
 The two-story section on the north side was completed in 1883, and the single-story addition on the south side was completed sometime between 1889 and 1891.
 Marseilles then occupied the addition while Sandwich remained in the original building.
 There was a shift from agricultural implements to food processing as the area's business interests began to diversify.
 Dwarfies Corporation, a cereal manufacturer, took over the building in 1929.
 It is the only remaining building left in the city to illustrate this shift.
 The building was damaged in a fire in 1947.
 Dwarfies rebuilt this building and then built a new factory in 1949 along U.S. Route 6.
 Breeders Supply Company, an international mail order business for breeding supplies, moved into this building the following year.
 They used it as a warehouse for ten years.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
The Hamilton Brothers Building, also known as Warfield-Pratt & Howell Co.
 Wholesale Grocers, and the Hach Brothers Company, is a historic building located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, United States.
 This is the only extant building associated with local businessman and politician John Taylor Hamilton.
 He was a representative of Cyrus McCormick at the time his company was opening new markets for his mechanical reaper and other implements.
 Hamilton expanded his business to other implement manufactures and included product lines for urban dwellers as well.
 His business grew beyond the local area to include the entire state.
 Built as a warehouse in 1899, it is the only building of this type left near the central business district.
 It is also the largest building of this type in the city.
 The four-story, brick, Romanesque Revival sturcture features large round arch openings on the main floor and smaller windows on the upper floors.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
The Sankot Motor Company, also known as the Sankot Garage, is a historic building located in Belle Plaine, Iowa, United States.
 The historical significance of this building is its association with the increase in all-season travel and the development of businesses to serve them along the Lincoln Highway, the United States's first transcontinental route.
 It is a brick front building with side walls of clay tile that was constructed on a concrete foundation.
 The west half of the building was added in 1927.
 It was operated by O.B. Charles and Sid Sankot until 1937.
 They also sold Chryslers. Gasoline was sold from 1920 to 1944.
 F.L. Sankot bought the business in 1937.
 In addition to vehicle repair he sold Case and Oliver tractors and implements.
 William and Jerry Sankot purchased the business in 1985, and limited it to passenger, commercial and agricultural vehicle repairs.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 It was included as a contributing property in the Belle Plaine Main Street Historic District in 2013.
The C.M. Sanborn Building is a historic building located in Maquoketa, Iowa, United States.
 Built in 1896, it is significant as an example of High Victorian Italianate architecture.
 The three-story, brick building features cast hoodmolds above the windows, twin oriel windows, and an elaborate cornice.
 C.M. Sanborn was a local grocer whose business operated out of a number of buildings in the central business district before he built this building.
 He acted as the general contractor for the construction of this building, and hired two local builders to construct it.
 William Hancock was a brick mason, and W.P. Thomas was a carpenter.
 Sanborn filed for bankruptcy around 1911, and was forced to sell the building.
 A variety of retail establishments have occupied the main floor, while the second floor was rented as office space.
 A Masonic lodge occupied the third floor shortly after the building was completed, and remained until 1968.
 The Masons owned the building by that time.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The F. W. Woolworth Company (often referred to as Woolworth's, or Woolworth) was a retail company and one of the original pioneers of the five-and-dime store.
 It was arguably the most successful American and international five-and-dime business, setting trends and creating the modern retail model which stores follow worldwide today.
The Pioneer Implement Company, also known as the International Harvester Transfer House, is a historic building located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, United States.
 Eli Shugart, Ferdinand Weis and F.R. Davis formed Pioneer Implement Company in 1893, and they built the four-story Late Victorian section of the building the same year.
 This was during a period of growth in the city's "Implement District," which is located to the south of the central business district.
 What made this company standout from the others in the district is that it was locally owned and operated agricultural implement business, rather than one owned by a factory from the east.
 The company went out of business in 1915 and the building was taken over by International Harvester, which owned the building next door.
 They added the single story brick addition to the south in 1927.
 When IH closed their Council Bluffs operation in 1964 they were the only farm implement that was still in business in the Implement District.
 The building was occupied by various businesses after that, including United Parcel Service.
 Artspace, Inc. acquired the building and converted it into live/work spaces for artists.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
The Evans Block, also known as Northwestern National Bank Building, is a historic building located in Sioux City, Iowa, United States.
 The city experienced a building boom that began in the late 1880s and continued into the early 1890s.
 Fred T. Evans, an entrepreneur who had business interests in Iowa, Nebraska and South Dakota, had this building constructed to house Northwestern National Bank of which he was the president.
 The bank occupied the main level and other offices were housed on the upper floors.
 Local architect Charles Brown designed the four-story Romanesque Revival style building.
 The Black Hills sandstone for the public facades was from Evans' quarry.
 The Panic of 1893 brought Sioux City's building boom to an end, and the Evans block was sold in January 1895.
 Subsequently, the building has housed a hotel, a factory, a saloon, and a variety of stores.
 It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, and as a contributing property in the Fourth Street Historic District in 1995.
