Chapter II is the second studio album by American R&B singer Ashanti, released by Murder Inc. and Island Def Jam on July 1, 2003 in the United States.
 The album involves production by Irv Gotti and Chink Santana and features a guest appearance by Ja Rule.
 "Chapter II" spawned three singles including the "Billboard" Hot 100 number two song "Rock Wit U (Awww Baby)", the R&B-ballad "Rain on Me" and the Irv Gotti-produced "Breakup 2 Makeup (Remix)".
"Rock wit U (Awww Baby)" is a song by American R&B singer Ashanti.
 It was released in May 2003 as the lead single from her second studio album, "Chapter II".
 The song peaked at number two on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 and became her first international hit from her second album, reaching number seven in the UK and number 19 in Australia.
 The song was certified Gold by the RIAA on June 16, 2010.
Andre Parker, known by his stage name Chink Santana, is an American R&B musician and producer from Washington, D.C. His achievements include co-producing "Ashanti", the award-winning debut album from the singer of the same name.
 He also worked on her follow-up, "Chapter II," and has recently co-written and produced tracks on "Judgement Days," the second album by English singer/rapper Ms. Dynamite.
 He was also part of the making of Jim Jones' album, "Hustler's P.O.M.E. (Product of My Environment)".
Like a Virgin is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Madonna, released on November 12, 1984, by Sire Records.
 Following the success of her self-titled debut album, Madonna wanted to become the record producer of her next album.
 However, her label was not ready to give her the artistic freedom and she chose Nile Rodgers instead to produce the album due to his work with David Bowie.
 Madonna wrote six songs on the record, five of which feature Steve Bray as a co-writer.
 The album was recorded at Power Station Studio in New York at a quick pace.
 Rodgers enlisted the help of his former Chic bandmates Bernard Edwards, who was the bassist, and Tony Thompson, who played drums.
 Jason Corsaro, the record's audio engineer, persuaded Rodgers to use digital recording, a new technique introduced at that time.
Capítulo II: Brinca (English: "Chapter II: Jump") is the second studio album by Mexican-American recording artist DJ Kane.
 It was released on September 13, 2005 by EMI Latin.
Girl (stylized as G I R L) is the second studio album by American singer and record producer Pharrell Williams.
 The album was released on March 3, 2014, through Williams' label i Am Other and Columbia Records.
 "Girl" was Williams' first studio album since his 2006 debut, "In My Mind".
 It contains appearances by Justin Timberlake, Miley Cyrus, Daft Punk, JoJo and Alicia Keys.
Anthony Cornelius Hamilton (born January 28, 1971) is an American singer, songwriter, and record producer who rose to fame with his platinum-selling second studio album "Comin' from Where I'm From" (2003), which featured the title track single "Comin' from Where I'm From" and the follow-up "Charlene".
 Nominated for 10 Grammy Awards, he is also known for the song "Freedom" from the soundtrack album of "Django Unchained" co-written and sung as a duo with indie soul singer Elayna Boynton.
FutureSex/LoveSounds is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Justin Timberlake.
 It was released on September 8, 2006 by Jive Records and its affiliated label of the Zomba Group of Companies.
 During a two-year hiatus, Timberlake resolved his feelings on being unable to record any new material, and as he returned to record some new music, he began collaborating with his longtime record producer Timbaland, alongside the latter's colleague Danja.
 The album's contents were produced at Timbaland's Thomas Crown Studios.
 The album shares some lyrical themes with Timberlake's debut album "Justified" (2002), although "FutureSex/LoveSounds" has more diversity in music genres.
 It infuses R&B and pop with techno, funk, and elements of rock.
 The reprises and interludes interspersed on the album's tracks were created by the production team with the goal of channeling Timberlake's influences; including David Bowie and Prince.
Chapter II is the third studio album by British record producer Benga.
 The album was released on 6 May 2013 through Sony Music.
 It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 93.
'Guillotine IV (The Final Chapter)' is the second single from Falling in Reverse's third album "Just Like You".
 It is the fourth and final installment of the Guillotine series, which was started by Escape the Fate when former lead singer Ronnie Radke was in the band.
 The first song titled 'The Guillotine' was in Escape the Fate's debut album Dying Is Your Latest Fashion in 2006.
 The second song which was titled 'This War Is Ours (The Guillotine II)' was on Escape the Fate's second studio album This War Is Ours in 2008.
 The third song which was titled 'The Aftermath (The Guillotine III)' was on Escape the Fate's third self-titled album in 2010.
 Then finally in 2015 Falling in Reverse finished the series with ""Guillotine IV (The Final Chapter).
