Teletrol (Teletrol Systems Inc.) is a United States company based in Manchester, New Hampshire.
 Originally founded in 1981 as Teletrol, Inc., it was acquired in 1985 by Philips, under which it continues to operate as a subsidiary.
 Teletrol is a supplier of building automation systems and components.
 Its products are designed to centralize the management and control of heating/cooling (HVAC) and lighting systems to reduce energy consumption and operating costs for organizations with multiple locations.
 Teletrol's products consist of hardware components (thermostatic controllers) installed at remote sites, and browser-based software that is used to communicate between those sites and the central location via HTTP.
SemGroup is a transporter of oil and natural gas through pipelines from refineries to end users, an operator of oil terminals, as well as the manufacturer and seller of asphalt.
 The company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol 'SEMG' in 2010.
 The company was originally founded in 2000 and as of 2007 was the 18th largest private company in the US, but filed for bankruptcy in 2008.
 As of December 2009, the company had restructured and emerged from bankruptcy at a reduced size.
 The company's headquarters are in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Artillerie-Inrichtingen was a Dutch State-Owned artillery, small arms, and munitions company which also produced machine tools originally founded in 1679 in Delft, Netherlands.
 The company was split in 1973 with its defense related businesses becoming Eurometaal and its civilian manufacturing becoming Hembrug Machine Tools.
 During its years of operation as Artillerie Inrichtingen, the company manufactured armaments and an array of other industrial outputs for the Dutch Army and the Royal Dutch East Indies Army (KNIL).
Fastjet Airlines Limited (Tanzania), also known as Fastjet Tanzania, is a low-cost airline that operates flights under the fastjet brand in Tanzania.
 The airline was founded in 2011 as "Fly540 Tanzania", but through the acquisition of Fly540 in 2012, it was rebranded as Fastjet Tanzania.
 It is based in Dar es Salaam.
 The airline carried more than 350,000 passengers in the first year of operations and sold one million seats by December 2014.
The National Convention Party (NCP) is a political party in Gambia.
 It was the main opposition party between 1975 and 1994.
 It was originally founded on 7 September 1975 when it first launched at Busumbala by former vice-president Sheriff Mustapha Dibba two weeks after his expulsion from the People's Progressive Party (PPP).
 It initially welcomed the 1994 coup but was banned from participating in elections in August 1994.
 Prior to the 1992 elections, the party faced a series of setbacks as many of its leaders rejoin the PPP.
 Its candidate at the presidential elections of 18 October 2001, Sheriff Dibba, came fourth with 3.77% of the popular vote.
Totally Games was an electronic game developer located in Marin County, California.
 Their titles included the X-wing series of games based on the Star Wars universe, a series of PC-based World War II flight combat simulations (Battlehawks 1942, Their Finest Hour, The Battle of Britain, and Secret Weapons of the Luftwaffe) and "Bridge Commander" based on the Star Trek universe.
 They went on to create Secret Weapons over Normandy in 2003 for the PS2, X-Box and PC.
 They then broadened their scope to create products for the PSP and the Wii (Alien Syndrome) and an interconnected theme park/internet experience, Buzz Lightyear Astroblasters commemorating the 50th anniversary of Disneyland.
 The company was originally founded in 1985 as a sole proprietorship, incorporated in 1993 as Peregrine Software and soon thereafter renamed Totally Games by Lawrence Holland, a Cornell University graduate.
The United States Secret Service (USSS) is a federal law enforcement agency under the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
 Until 2003, the Service was part of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, as the agency was originally founded to combat the then-widespread counterfeiting of U.S. currency.
Christian Brothers College (CBC, St. Kilda) was founded in 1878 and is a Roman Catholic independent secondary college for boys.
 It is part of the Association of Edmund Rice schools.
 The school was originally founded by the Christian Brothers, the Brothers are no longer involved in the running the school.
 It is located in the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda East.
The company was originally founded in Galt as the Dumfries Foundry in 1844 by James Andrews and James Crombie.
 The exact number of products manufactured by the foundry during this period is unclear, however it is known that apart from steam engines the company also produced safe doors.
Genius (formerly Rap Genius) is a North American digital media company.
 Originally founded in August 2009 by Tom Lehman, Ilan Zechory, and Mahbod Moghadam the site allows users to provide annotations and interpretation of song lyrics, news stories, sources, poetry, and documents.
