Never Breathe What You Can't See is an album by Jello Biafra and The Melvins.
 It was released in 2004 through Alternative Tentacles (Virus 300).
 The liner notes claim that Mohamed Atta and John Ashcroft helped Biafra with the lyrics of "Caped Crusader" (in truth, some lines are lifted from each), and invite the listener to "spot the difference."
 Plethysmograph, which deals with the government tool which measures arousal in sex offenders in regard to different stimuli, features the lyric "If Stuart could talk what would he say?"
, which is the chorus of The Dickies song If Stuart Could Talk, which is also about the singer's penis.
The John N. and Elizabeth Taylor House (more commonly just Taylor House) is a historic home in Columbia, Missouri which has been restored and once operated as a bed and breakfast.
 The house was constructed in 1909 and is a 2 1/2-story, Colonial Revival style frame dwelling.
 It features a wide front porch and side porte cochere.
 The home was featured on HGTV special called "If walls could talk."
Throughout her acting career, Cher has mainly in comedy, drama, and romance films.
 She has appeared in thirteen films, including two as a cameo.
 She has also appeared in one starring theater role, numerous television commercials and directed a piece of the motion picture "If These Walls Could Talk" in 1996 and some of her music videos of the Geffen-era in late 1980s and in early 1990s.
 Cher has starred in various international television commercials, as well as high-profile print advertising for Lori Davis (1992).
 Before she started her film career, she had a couple of hits in the 1960s, as a solo artist, and with her ex-husband Sonny Bono as the couple Sonny & Cher.
"If These Walls Could Talk" is an episode of "The Outer Limits" television show.
 It first aired on 30 July 1995, during the first season.
If These Walls Could Talk 2 is a 2000 television movie in the United States, broadcast on HBO.
 It follows three separate storylines about lesbian couples in three different time periods.
 As with the original "If These Walls Could Talk", all the stories are set in the same house across different time periods.
The Grove (also known as the Stilley-Young House), located in Jefferson, Texas, is an 1861 historic home that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
 The house has also been called the most haunted place in Texas.
 The Grove’s history dates back to the 19th century, when the property was purchased and the house that became known as “The Grove” was built.
 The Grove has been featured in the television series "If Walls Could Talk" on cable channel HGTV and was chosen “as one of the top twelve most haunted houses in America” by "This Old House".
 The Grove was also named as one of the "eight scariest places in Texas" by "Texas Monthly" magazine.
 The house was also shown in William Shatner's "Weird or What?
" in 2012.
 Additionally, The Grove was featured on "" "Texas Highways" magazine has featured The Grove several times, including in articles "Haunted Places in Texas" from October 1997 and "Haunted Jefferson" from October 2008.
"If Walls Could Talk" is a song by Celine Dion, which was intended as the final single from her greatest hits album "All the Way... A Decade of Song".
If These Walls Could Talk is a 1996 made-for-cable film, broadcast on HBO.
 It follows the plights of three different women and their experiences with abortion.
 Each of the three stories takes place in the same house, 22 years apart: 1952, 1974, and 1996.
 All three segments were co-written by Nancy Savoca.
 Savoca directed the first and second segment while Cher directed the third.
 The women's experiences in each vignette are designed to demonstrate the popular views of society on the issue in each of the given decades.
Major William Evander Penn (1832–1895) was a Texas Baptist evangelist and well known minister who preached widely in America and Europe.
 His visit of castles in Europe inspired him to build a castle of his own in 1888 where he and his wife Corrilla Frances Sayles Penn lived for several years.
 "Penn Castle" still stands in Eureka Springs, Arkansas and was featured on the HGTV show "If Walls Could Talk".
 The First Baptist Penn Memorial Church of Eureka Springs was named in his honor.
 He authored an enduring hymn, "The Sheltering Rock"
If Walls Could Talk is an American television show on HGTV.
 Each episode lasts half an hour and usually airs at 5:00 and 5:30 Eastern Time.
 Hosted by Mike Siegel, this show talks about mysteries and shocking discoveries found in houses.
 Previous hosts include C. Van Tune, Grant Goodeve, and Elyse Luray.
