Schwarz und weiß wie Tage und Nächte (English: Black and White Like Day and Night ) is a West German film from 1978 directed by Wolfgang Petersen and starring Bruno Ganz.
Wings of Desire (German: Der Himmel über Berlin , 'The Heavens Over Berlin' ) is a 1987 romantic fantasy film directed by Wim Wenders.
 The film is about invisible, immortal angels who populate Berlin and listen to the thoughts of its human inhabitants, comforting those who are in distress.
 Even though the city is densely populated, many of the people are isolated or estranged from their loved ones.
 One of the angels, played by Bruno Ganz, falls in love with a beautiful, lonely trapeze artist, played by Solveig Dommartin.
 The angel chooses to become mortal so that he can experience human sensory pleasures, ranging from enjoying food to touching a loved one, and so that he can discover human love with the trapeze artist.
Faraway, So Close!
 (German: In weiter Ferne, so nah! )
 is a 1993 German fantasy film directed by Wim Wenders.
 The screenplay is by Wenders, Richard Reitinger and Ulrich Zieger.
 It is a sequel to Wenders' 1987 film "Wings of Desire".
 Actors Otto Sander, Bruno Ganz and Peter Falk reprise their roles as angels who have become human.
 The film also stars Nastassja Kinski, Willem Dafoe and Heinz Rühmann, in his last film role.
The Smooth Career (German: Der sanfte Lauf) is a 1967 West German drama film directed by Haro Senft and starring Bruno Ganz, Verena Buss and Wolfgang Büttner.
Nosferatu the Vampyre is a 1979 West German art house vampire horror film written and directed by Werner Herzog.
 Its original German title is Nosferatu: Phantom der Nacht ("Nosferatu: Phantom of the Night").
 The film is set primarily in 19th-century Wismar, Germany and Transylvania, and was conceived as a stylistic remake of the 1922 German "Dracula" adaptation "Nosferatu".
 It stars Klaus Kinski as Count Dracula, Isabelle Adjani as Lucy Harker, Bruno Ganz as Jonathan Harker, and French artist-writer Roland Topor as Renfield.
 There are two different versions of the film, one in which the actors speak English, and one in which they speak German.
Solveig Dommartin (16 May 1961 – 11 January 2007) was a French actress.
No Fear, No Die (French: S'en fout la mort ) is a 1990 drama film directed by Claire Denis and written by Denis in collaboration with Jean-Pol Fargeau.
 It features Isaach De Bankolé, Alex Descas and Solveig Dommartin.
The American Friend (German: "Der amerikanische Freund" ) is a 1977 neo-noir film by Wim Wenders, adapted from the novel "Ripley's Game" by Patricia Highsmith.
 The film features Dennis Hopper as career criminal Tom Ripley and Bruno Ganz as Jonathan Zimmermann, a terminally ill picture framer whom Ripley coerces into becoming an assassin.
 The film uses an unusual, "natural" language concept, meaning that Zimmermann speaks German with his family and his doctor, but English with Ripley and whilst visiting Paris.
Knife in the Head (German: Messer im Kopf ) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Reinhard Hauff and starring Bruno Ganz.
Until the End of the World (German: Bis ans Ende der Welt ) is a 1991 French-German science fiction drama film by the German film director Wim Wenders; the screenplay was written by Wenders and Peter Carey, from a story by Wenders and Solveig Dommartin.
 An initial draft of the screenplay was written by American filmmaker Michael Almereyda.
 Wenders, whose career had been distinguished by his mastery of the road movie, had intended this as the Ultimate Road Movie.
