Pakistan is home to many natural and man made lakes and reservoirs.
 The largest lake in Pakistan is the Manchar Lake, which is also the largest lake in South Asia.
 The lake is spread over an area of over 100 square miles.
 The highest lake in Pakistan is the Rush Lake, which is also the 25th highest lake is the world at an altitude of over 4,700 meters.
 The second highest lake in Pakistan is the Karambar Lake, which at an altitude of 4,272 meters, is the 31st highest lake in the world.
Mount Fitch is the third-highest peak in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts at 3110 ft .
 It is located on the ridge between Mount Greylock at 3,491 feet (1,064 m) to its south and Mount Williams at 2,956 feet (901 m) to its north.
 The peak sits in the northwest corner of the Town of Adams (originally known as the Town of East Hoosac) in Berkshire County.
 The forested summit is approximately 123 yd due west of a local high-point on the Appalachian Trail.
 Mount Fitch does not meet the AMC’s prominence criterion of 200 vertical feet of separation from adjacent peaks as outlined in New England’s Four-thousand footers list.
 Currently there is no side-spur trail or signage directing a hiker to the summit of Mt. Fitch from the Appalachian Trail; however, there is a wooden placard at the summit itself (pictured at right).
 The top is infrequently visited by hikers due to its anonymity, the bushwhack necessary to reach the top and the viewless summit.
Stony Man Mountain, also known as Stony Man, is a mountain in Shenandoah National Park, Virginia and is the most northerly 4,000 foot peak in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
 Its maximum elevation is 4,011 feet or 1,223 meters above sea level with a clean prominence of 651 feet.
 The mountain is co-located in Madison and Page counties and is easily accessed from Skyline Drive by hiking trails.
 Along with Hawksbill Mountain (4,051 feet), it is only one of two peaks in the park higher than 4,000 feet.
 The shortest route to the summit is from the Skyland Resort and gains less than 400 vertical feet in about 1 kilometer.
 A longer, more challenging, route is from the Skyline Drive trail head at about milepost 39 of the Skyline Drive and gains almost 800 feet.
 The peak sits just southeast of the Appalachian Trail (AT) but the summit is accessible from the AT by previously mentioned spur trails.
 On the upper slopes of Stony Man one can see a few balsam fir trees which typically grow in more northerly latitudes.
 The mountain is composed of ancient basalt which was metamorphosed into Greenstone through heat and pressure.
There are 15,074 documented lakes in Wisconsin.
 Of these, about 40 percent have been named.
 They range in size from small one-and two-acre ponds to 137,708-acre Lake Winnebago.
 They range in depth from a few feet to 350 feet for Wazee Lake.
 Lake Winnebago is the largest lake by volume and the lake with the longest shoreline.
 The largest man-made lake is Petenwell Lake, which was created by damming the Wisconsin River.
 Vilas County has the most lakes (1,318) and Brown and Outagamie counties the fewest (4).
 Many lakes have the same names, with 116 named Mud Lake.
Tustumena Lake is a lake on the west side of the Kenai Peninsula in southcentral Alaska, within Kenai National Wildlife Refuge and near the town of Kasilof.
 At 73,437 acres Tustumena Lake is Alaska's eighth largest lake and the largest lake on the Kenai Peninsula.
 With a maximum depth of 950 feet, Tustumena Lake is exceptionally deep; it is deeper than Cook Inlet.
 The lake is 25 mi long and up to 6 mi wide and receives drainage from Tustumena Glacier, and several creeks.
| The outlet forms the headwaters of the Kasilof River.
 The lake and the area around it are known for game hunting, and for the Tustumena 200 Sled Dog Race.
 This lake has a reputation for being very dangerous to small boats due to the high winds that regularly blow off of Tustumena Glacier.
 Early Russian explorers wrongly believed that this lake and Skilak Lake were a single body of water.
 Early trophy hunters from the 1890s and later took world record moose from the north shore, and the first hunting guide to obtain a license to guide hunters in the State of Alaska called this area home.
The hill rises about 250 feet above the level of the plateau, which itself constitutes the summit of the Mahadev range at this point.
 The cone with the walls on it is seen from a great distance and appears very small indeed.
 But on near approach it is seen to be but the inner citadel of a place of considerable size and strength for the times in which it was built.
 On the south-west the outer wall or enceinte is entered by a rude gateway of a single pointed arch about eight feet high and five feet broad.
 As usual there is a curtain of solid masonry inside.
 The gate lies about 150 yards east of the edge of the plateau, which there terminates in an almost unbroken vertical precipice of several hundred feet in height and receding in a north-easterly direction.
 No wall was built along about three hundred yards of this part which is absolutely unscalable, but for the rest of the way the walling is continued along the edge of the cliff in a north-east direction for about another three hundred yards.
 Here it turns still following the cliff to the south-east for another seven hundred yards, and then gradually rounds to the westward covering four hundred and fifty yards more till it meets the gateway.
 But for the break of the inaccessible precipice this outer wall would form a nearly equilateral triangle with the corners rounded off, the side being of some six hundred and fifty yards.
 Facing nearly north, about fifty yards from the north-east angle, is a gateway with a couple of curtains in solid masonry.
 This entrance is cut in the sides of the cliff about twenty feet below the top which is reached by some dozen steps.
 It consisted as usual of a pointed arch, the top fallen in, about ten feet high by five broad.
 It leads out to the path down to Girvi, a village in the plains below and it probably formed the communication with Phaltan.
 This road winds down the face of the range for some five hundred feet till it hits the shoulder of a spur which it then follows to the base.
 The walling on the south side, from the edge of the cliff to some hundred yards east of the southern gate, is not more than a couple of feet in thickness and consists of all-fitting stones unmortared.
 The rest is massive and well mortared and still fairly preserved.
 The average height is from seven to ten feet.
 In the south-east angle is a rude temple of Bhairavnath and a few houses with the remains of Man y more.
 On the right side of the southern gate is a well preserved stone pond about thirty yards square with steps leading down to it.
 Next to and on the north of Bhairavnath's temple is another pond.
 The way up to the fort proper or upper and lower citadels is from the north side.
 The path up the hill side, which is steep but with grass and soil left in Man y places, is almost destroyed.
 About 150 feet up is the outer citadel built on a sort of shoulder of the hill and facing almost due west.
 It contains two massive bastions of excellent masonry looking north-west and south-west so that guns planted on them could comMan d respectively the north and south gateways.
 This citadel was connected with the main wall by a cross wall running across the whole breadth of the fort from east to west.
 Its entrance lies close below that to the upper citadel.
 A masonry curtain projects so as to hide the arch itself, which is not more than seven feet high by three broad, and has to be entered from due east.
 On the south side the walls are carried right up to the scarp of the upper citadel and are some ten feet high, so that to take the lower citadel in rear or flank must have been difficult.
 The upper citadel is above a vertical scarp some thirty feet high.
 The entrance to it lies some thirty feet above that to the lower citadel, and is cut in the rock about eight feet wide.
 There is a gateway of a pointed arch with the top fallen in and twenty odd steps leading up to it and ten more cut out of the rock, and winding up past the inside curtain on to the top.
 The walls of this upper citadel are still in tolerable preservation.
 They were originally about ten feet high and built of fair masonry.
 There is a large turret on the south-west corner, evidently meant to comMan d the southern gate.
 About ten yards to the east of this turret is a new looking building which was the headquarters or sadar.
 Immediately east of this and below it is a great pit about thirty feet square and equally deep roughly cut in the rock and said by the people to be a dungeon.
 Next to it on the south is a small pond evenly cut and lined with mortar used for storing water.
 There are some remains of sepoys' houses, and, near the turret, a small stone wheel said to belong to a gun.
 The outer walls east of the gates have bastions at every turn of the cliffs, and the masonry here is particularly strong and well preserved.
 It would appear that attacks were dreaded chiefly from the plain below.
 The assailants could either come up the spur towards the north entrance or they might attempt the spurs on the other side of the eastern ravine and attack the southern gateway.
 Hence apparently the reason for strengthening the walls of the enceinte on this side.
 After passing the southern gateway the assailants would be commanded Maan, Maharashtra from the lower citadel.
 They Would then be encountered by the cross wall.
 If that obstacle was overcome the besieged would run round the east side and into the two citadels.
 The appearance from the fort of the plain in the north is most formidable.
 The Panvan plateau completely commands Maan, Maharashtra and almost overhangs it.
 The fort is believed to have been built by Shivaji to resist the Moghals whose attacks he must have dreaded from the plain below.
 The Karkhanis or Superintendent of the fort was a Prabhu.
 The fort garrison consisted of 200 Ramoshis, Mahars, and other hereditary Gadkaris besides sepoys.
 It was surrendered in 1818 to Vitthal Pant Phadnis of the Raja of Satara left in charge of the town.
 He detached 200 men to take possession, being part of a force then raised to protect the town from the enterprizes of Bajirav's garrisons then in the neighbourhood.
 [Elphinstone in Pendhari and Maratha War Papers, 245.]
Nohokomeen Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington, in a cirque on the north slope of Jack Mountain.
 Nohokomeen Glacier is heavily crevassed, especially after the midpoint of its descent from 8200 to .
 In the last 20 years the retreating glacier has exposed a new small lake at 6260 feet.
 Overall the glacier is retreating at a slower than average rate less of than 100 yards over the last seventeen years, and less than 900 feet in the last 46 years.
 This is mostly likely caused but the high attitude of the glacier; many of the glaciers in the Cascades are lower in elevation by up to a thousand vertical feet.
Lake Kanasatka is a 371 acre lake located in Carroll County in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire, United States, in the town of Moultonborough.
 Early maps refer to this pristine lake as Long Pond, presumably because of its long and narrow shape.
 The lake is located one-half mile north of and nine vertical feet higher than Lake Winnipesaukee.
Lake Beseck, also known as Beseck Lake, is a body of water in Middlefield, Connecticut measuring a little less than 1 mile in length and a quarter mile in width.
 It is owned by the Department of Environmental Protection and was created in 1846 when it was dammed.
 The initial dam, finished in 1848, was ten feet lower than the current one.
 The dam was raised in 1852 and in 1870, each time by five feet; it was rebuilt in 1938.
Avalanche Lake is a 9 acre mountain lake located in the Adirondack High Peaks in New York.
 Avalanche Lake sits at 2885 feet (879 m) between 4,714-foot (1,437 m) Mount Colden and-3816 foot (1163 m) Avalanche Mountain.
 The two mountains rise in vertical cliffs from the surface of the lake.
 Immediately west of Avalanche Mountain (formerly known as Caribou Mountain) lies the MacIntyre Range— 5,115-foot (1,559 m) Algonquin Peak (the second highest mountain in the state), 4829-foot (1472 m) Boundary Peak, 4,843-foot (1,476 m) Iroquois Peak and 4,380-foot (1,335 m) Mount Marshall.
 Mount Marcy is 2.5 (4 km) miles to the east.
 Avalanche Lake feeds Lake Colden to the south, in the Hudson River watershed.
 To the north, the trail to the lake from the Adirondak Loj surmounts Avalanche Pass, which is only slightly above lake level but separates it from the Lake Champlain (St. Lawrence River) watershed.
 Following the lake toward Lake Colden, the trail is choked with large boulders, and a number of wooden ladders have been built to make passage possible.
 There are also three places where the trail takes to wooden catwalks, first built in the 1920s, that are bolted directly into the cliff face.
 This section is known as the "Hitch-Up Matilda;" in 1868 when a mountain guide waded to carry one of his clients past a point with no footing on shore, her husband urged her to sit higher on his shoulders.
