James Chinlund (born March 17, 1971) was born and raised in New York City.
 He studied Fine Art at CalArts in Los Angeles, with a focus on sculpture and large scale installation work.
 After graduating, Chinlund returned to New York and started his career in film, first as a carpenter, before finding opportunities as a Production Designer on music videos and independent films.
 During this period he first worked with frequent collaborator Darren Aronofsky ("Requiem for a Dream", "The Fountain") in addition to other directors in the New York independent film world including: Todd Solondz ("Storytelling"), Paul Schrader ("Auto Focus") and Spike Lee ("25th Hour").
 Over the years James has been active in the worlds of commercials and fashion as well.
 Collaborators include: Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin, Rupert Sanders, Spike Jonze, Fredrik Bond, Lance Acord, Gus Van Sant and Harmony Korine.
 In 2010 he won both the Art Directors Guild and the AICP awards for "Absolut World", a commercial collaboration with director Rupert Sanders.
 After a short break from features to care for his young daughter, Chinlund returned to the feature world in 2012 to work on "The Avengers" for Marvel which set a record for the highest grossing opening weekend of all time.
 In 2015 he was nominated for an Art Director’s Guild Award and the Saturn Award for his work on the Fox film "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" directed by Matt Reeves.
 Most recently James has completed work on the next film in the Apes series "War for the Planet of the Apes".
Being John Malkovich is a 1999 American fantasy-comedy film directed by Spike Jonze and written by Charlie Kaufman, both making their feature film debut.
 The film stars John Cusack, Cameron Diaz, and Catherine Keener, with John Malkovich and Charlie Sheen as themselves.
 The film follows a puppeteer who finds a portal that leads into Malkovich's mind.
"Elektrobank" is a song by English electronic music duo The Chemical Brothers.
 It was released as a single from their second album, "Dig Your Own Hole", on September 1997.
 It peaked at number 17 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Spike Jonze directed the music video, which depicted a mixed artistic gymnastics / rhythmic gymnastics competition with his future wife Sofia Coppola as one of the competitors.
 It has been called "arguably Jonze's greatest music video".
 Despite reaching number 17 in the UK Singles Chart, the single does not feature on either of the duo's singles compilations, "Singles 93–03" and "Brotherhood".
Charles "Lil Buck" Riley (born May 25, 1988) is a Los Angeles-based dancer and occasional model from Memphis, Tennessee who specializes in a style of street dance called jookin.
 He gained popularity after director Spike Jonze used his cell phone to record an interpretive performance of "The Dying Swan" by Lil Buck and Yo-Yo Ma.
 Jonze uploaded the video to YouTube and as of November 2015, it had amassed over three million views.
"Her" is a 2013 American comedy-drama film written, directed, and produced by Spike Jonze.
 The film's musical score was composed by Arcade Fire, with the cinematography provided by Hoyte van Hoytema.
 It marks Jonze's solo screenwriting debut.
 The film follows Theodore Twombly (Joaquin Phoenix), a man who develops a relationship with Samantha (Scarlett Johansson), a female voice produced by an intelligent computer operating system.
 The film also stars Amy Adams, Rooney Mara, and Olivia Wilde.
Hello Tomorrow is the title of a 2005 Adidas television advertisement, and also the name of the song used in the commercial.
 The 90-second spot was created by Oscar-nominated film director Spike Jonze for ad agency TBWA\Chiat\Day to advertise the adidas_1 "intelligent" sneakers.
 The title song was composed specifically for the advertisement by Jonze's brother, Sam "Squeak E. Clean" Spiegel, and its lyrics were sung by Jonze's then-girlfriend, Karen O of the Grammy-nominated rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
 Proving to be an incredibly successful commercial, "Hello Tomorrow" received many honors; these include two Gold Lions at the 2005 Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival, three 2006 Silver Clio Awards, and a 2006 Gold EFFIE Award.
We Were Once a Fairytale is a 2009 short film directed by Spike Jonze.
 It stars hip hop musician Kanye West.
 This is the second collaboration between Jonze and West, since they co-directed the music video for West's single "Flashing Lights" in 2008.
The MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction in a Video is a craft award given to the artist, the artist's manager, and the director of the music video.
 In 2007, the award was briefly renamed Best Director, but it returned to its original name for the 2008 awards.
 The biggest winners are Spike Jonze and David Fincher with three wins each, although one of Jonze's wins is credited as the "Torrance Community Dance Group".
Her is a 2013 American romantic science-fiction drama film written, directed, and produced by Spike Jonze.
 It marks Jonze's solo screenwriting debut.
 The film follows Theodore Twombly (Joaquin Phoenix), a man who develops a relationship with Samantha (Scarlett Johansson), an intelligent computer operating system personified through a female voice.
 The film also stars Amy Adams, Rooney Mara, and Olivia Wilde.
Where the Wild Things Are is a 2009 fantasy drama film directed by Spike Jonze.
 Written by Jonze and Dave Eggers, it is adapted from Maurice Sendak's 1963 children's book of the same name.
 It combines live-action, performers in costumes, animatronics, and computer-generated imagery (CGI).
 The film stars Max Records and features the voices of James Gandolfini, Paul Dano, Lauren Ambrose, Forest Whitaker, Catherine O'Hara, and Chris Cooper.
 The film centers on a lonely eight-year-old boy named Max who sails away to an island inhabited by creatures known as the "Wild Things," who declare Max their king.
