20,000 Watt R.S.L. is a compilation album by Australian rock band Midnight Oil released in October 1997 on their own label Sprint Music.
 The word "Collection" appears on the front of the CD along the hinge in the same type face as the title and the name of the band and may have been intended as part of the album's title; however, it does not appear on the spine.
 The release has also been distributed inside a cardboard sleeve which adds "Midnight Oil: The Hits" to the album art, distinguishing it as a compilation album.
"Power and the Passion" was the second single by Midnight Oil from their 1982 album "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1" (following "US Forces").
 The song is one of the band's most famous, and it was performed on every Midnight Oil tour since the issue of "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1" as well as at the WaveAid concert.
 It was issued as the album's second single in 1983.
Red Sails in the Sunset is a rock album by Australian group Midnight Oil which was released in October 1984 under the Columbia Records label.
 It was recorded and produced in Tokyo, Japan and is significant for becoming their first No. 1 album in Australia – it also entered the United States "Billboard" 200.
 The cover image, by Japanese artist Tsunehisa Kimura, depicts Sydney Harbour after a hypothetical nuclear strike.
 Some of its tracks were performed live in January 1985 at a Sydney Harbour Goat Island concert to celebrate radio station Triple J's 10th birthday, which was simulcast on ABC Television and subsequently re-broadcast on their then-Tuesday night music program "Rock Arena".
 In 2004 the film footage later became part of a DVD album, "Best of Both Worlds".
 "Red Sails in the Sunset" contains the only Midnight Oil tracks with lead vocals provided by their drummer Rob Hirst, "When the Generals Talk" and "Kosciusko".
 The album spawned two singles, "When the Generals Talk" and "Best of Both Worlds" but neither appeared on the Australian singles chart.
Midnight Oil is the debut album by Australian hard rock band Midnight Oil which was recorded in 1977 and released in November 1978 on the band's independent Powderworks label.
 It reached the top 50 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart.
 The album was later distributed by CBS Records and issued as a CD.
 The LP has a blue cover, however, the CD has a black cover.
 Because of the blue cover, the former version is often referred to, by fans, as the "blue album" or "the Blue Meanie".
 The lead single, "Run By Night", became the band's first minor hit in Australia and appeared on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart Top 100.
 It also had a video clip.
Robert George "Rob" Hirst (born 3 September 1955) is an Australian musician from Camden, New South Wales.
 He is a founding member of rock band Midnight Oil on drums, percussion and backing vocals (sometimes lead vocals) from the 1970s until the band's took a hiatus in 2002.
 He also wrote a book, "Willie's Bar & Grill", recounting the experiences on the tour Midnight Oil embarked on shortly after the 11 September terrorist attacks in 2001.
The Power & The Passion ... a tribute to Midnight Oil is a 2001 tribute album featuring thirteen mostly Australian bands and artists, covering songs by the prominent Australian rock band Midnight Oil.
Species Deceases is an extended play by Australian rock music group, Midnight Oil, which was released on 26 November 1985 under the CBS record label.
 "Species Deceases" debuted at No. 1 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart for six weeks from December 1985 to January 1986.
 It was the first Australian single and/or EP to reach the number-one spot on its chart appearance and remains Midnight Oil's only No. 1 on the national singles chart.
Head Injuries is the second studio album by Australian pub rockers Midnight Oil, which was released in October 1979 on their own Powderworks label and distributed by Columbia Records.
 The album was produced by Leszek J. Karski.
 It was the last Midnight Oil album to feature founding bass guitarist Andrew James, who quit the band due to illness.
 It peaked at No. 36 on the Australian Kent Music Report and by mid-1980 had achieved gold status.
Midnight Oil (also known informally as "The Oils" to fans) are an Australian rock band, who originally performed as Farm from 1972 with drummer Rob Hirst, bass guitarist Andrew James and keyboard player/lead guitarist Jim Moginie.
 While vocalist Peter Garrett was studying at Australian National University in Canberra, he answered an advertisement for a spot in Farm, and by 1975 the band was touring the east coast of Australia.
 By late 1976, Garrett moved to Sydney to complete his law degree, and Farm changed its name to Midnight Oil by drawing the name out of a hat.
"Read About It" is the second single released by Australian rock band, Midnight Oil, from their 1982 studio album, "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1".
 It was a favorite with the band and with fans, appearing at least once on every tour since its release and appearing at the WaveAid concert.
 Very few other Midnight Oil songs have appeared so often (only "Power and the Passion", "Beds Are Burning", "The Dead Heart", and "Say Your Prayers" are "known" to have been performed so often).
