Beth Greene is a fictional character from the American horror drama television series "The Walking Dead", created by season two showrunner Glen Mazzara, and portrayed by Emily Kinney.
 Daughter of veterinarian and farmer Hershel Greene, and younger, half-sister of Maggie, the character has no counterpart in the comic book series on which the show is based.
"Secrets" is the sixth episode of the second season and 12th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead".
 It originally aired on AMC in the United States on November 20, 2011.
 In this episode, Glenn (Steven Yeun) tells Dale Horvath (Jeffrey DeMunn) that Lori Grimes (Sarah Wayne Callies) is pregnant and there are numerous walkers in the Greene barn.
 Dale confronts Hershel Greene (Scott Wilson) about hoarding walkers in his barn.
 Meanwhile, Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal) attempts to teach Andrea (Laurie Holden) how to use weapons and Lori agonizes over the decision to terminate her pregnancy or keep the baby.
Rosita Espinosa is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Christian Serratos in the American television series of the same name.
 She accompanies Eugene Porter and Abraham Ford on a mission to Washington, D.C. In the comic book series, she joins Rick Grimes' group after they leave Hershel Greene's farm and go to DC.
 Eventually Eugene is revealed to have lied but they continue onto Washington anyway, since he was still convinced the city would offer greater chance of survival, and they eventually find the Alexandria Safe-Zone.
 Though she and Abraham continue their relationship she eventually breaks up with him when he cheats on her with Holly and moves in with Eugene, eventually starting a relationship with him, but forgives Abraham after he is killed by Dwight.
 Rosita also takes part in the war against the Saviors led by Negan it's conclusion of which sees the 4 communities uniting forces.
 Two years later Rosita and Eugene are married but their relationship is strained.
 Rosita is revealed to be pregnant, but Eugene is not the father.
 She is ultimately killed by Alpha, leader of the Whisperers, along with 11 other key members of all 4 communities.
Carl Grimes is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Chandler Riggs in the American television series of the same name, which airs on AMC in the United States.
 The character was created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore, and debuted in "The Walking Dead" #2 in 2003.
 In both forms of media, Carl is the son of primary protagonist Rick Grimes, and his wife Lori Grimes, and is one of the longest-surviving characters and one of the few original Atlanta survivors still alive.
"Nebraska" is the eighth episode and mid-season premiere of the second season, and 14th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead".
 It originally aired on AMC in the United States on February 12, 2012.
 In the episode, the survivors deal with the aftermath of the barn shooting, which causes Hershel Greene (Scott Wilson) to order Rick's group to leave and then start drinking and disappear from the group, leading Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) and Glenn (Steven Yeun) to try to find him.
 Meanwhile, Dale Horvath (Jeffrey DeMunn) becomes more suspicious of Shane Walsh's (Jon Bernthal) actions.
"Crossed" is the seventh episode of the fifth season and 58th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead", which aired on AMC on November 23, 2014.
 It was written by Seth Hoffman and directed by Billy Gierhart.
 In the episode, Michonne and Carl Grimes stay at the barricaded Church with Gabriel Stokes as Rick Grimes and the others go on a rescue mission for Beth Greene and Carol Peletier in Atlanta.
 The episode received generally positive reviews, though most noted the set up for the mid-season finale.
 This is the first episode to feature all credited series regulars for the fifth season.
Hershel Greene is a fictional character in "The Walking Dead" whose role is depicted in the comic book, television series as portrayed by Scott Wilson and the game series.
 He is the widowed owner of a farm in Georgia and has previous experience in the veterinary fields.
 A devout Christian, with uncompromising morals and a stubborn attitude, Hershel remains fiercely protective of his large family, despite his many losses.
 In both the comics and television series, he is initially introduced saving the life of Carl Grimes, the son of Rick Grimes after he is shot by one of Hershel's neighbors, Otis, and becomes the moral center of the group .
"Pretty Much Dead Already" is the seventh episode and mid-season finale of the second season, and 13th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead".
 It originally aired on AMC in the United States on November 27, 2011.
 In the episode, Glenn (Steven Yeun) reveals to the group that there are walkers in the Greenes' barn, dividing the group on what to do.
 Hershel Greene (Scott Wilson) sets a deadline for the group to leave, unless Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) does a difficult task.
 Meanwhile, Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal) slowly loses his sanity after many secrets around him are revealed and Carol Peletier begins to question whether her daughter, Sophia will be found.
Lori Grimes is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Sarah Wayne Callies in the American television series of the same name in the show's first three seasons.
 Created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore, the character made her debut in "The Walking Dead" #2 in 2003.
 In both forms of media, she is the wife of protagonist Rick Grimes and mother of Carl, and serves as the emotional core of the group.
 The character escaped the zombie apocalypse with Carl and Rick's partner Shane Walsh, and, believing her husband to be dead, started a relationship with Shane.
Sophia Peletier is a fictional character from the comic series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Madison Lintz in the television series of the same name.
 She is the daughter of Carol Peletier, who is fiercely protective of her, as is Carl Grimes, with whom she becomes close friends during the zombie outbreak.
 She becomes a major focal point in both media, despite her limited involvement in many of the central conflicts faced by the other characters.
