The College of Arts and Sciences of Ohio University is one of eleven colleges at Ohio University, centrally located in Wilson Hall on the College Green in Athens, Ohio.
 The college is often referred to as Ohio University's oldest college, but that reference is not entirely precise.
 Whether or not the college can claim to be the university's oldest, it does remain at the institution's core.
 The college currently features eighteen organized academic departments.
A compass is an instrument used for navigation and orientation that shows direction relative to the geographic cardinal directions (or points).
 Usually, a diagram called a compass rose shows the directions north, south, east, and west on the compass face as abbreviated initials.
 When the compass is used, the rose can be aligned with the corresponding geographic directions; for example, the "N" mark on the rose really points northward.
 Compasses often display markings for angles in degrees in addition to (or sometimes instead of) the rose.
 North corresponds to 0°, and the angles increase clockwise, so east is 90° degrees, south is 180°, and west is 270°.
 These numbers allow the compass to show azimuths or bearings, which are commonly stated in this notation.
The four cardinal directions or cardinal points are the directions north, east, south, and west, commonly denoted by their initials, N, E, S, W. East and west are at right angles to north and south, with east being in the clockwise direction of rotation from north and west being directly opposite east.
 Points between the cardinal directions form the points of the compass.
 The intermediate (intercardinal or ordinal) directions are northeast (NE), southeast (SE), southwest (SW), and northwest (NW).
 The intermediate direction of every set of intercardinal and cardinal direction is called a secondary-intercardinal direction, the eight shortest points in the compass rose that is shown to the right—e.g., NNE, ENE, ESE.
The Quadrangle is a prominent sandstone building located within the University of Sydney Camperdown Campus.
 Taking over 100 years to complete, the Quadrangle was designed and developed by numerous contributors including Edmund Blacket, James Barnet, and Leslie Wilkinson.
 The original building included the Great Hall and was constructed between 1855 and 1862.
 Construction on the quadrangle began in 1854, it had four sides by 1926, and was completed in the 1960s after several stages of development.
 It comprises the Great Hall, MacLaurin Hall, Faculty of Arts office and the Nicholson Museum.
 MacLaurin Hall was constructed from 1902-1904 and was designed by Walter Liberty Vernon.
 The architectural style of the Quadrangle is gothic revival.
 The building is mostly constructed of Sydney sandstone and is unique in the Australian architectural landscape.
 At the time of its completion, the Quadrangle was ‘the largest public building in the colony.’
 The Traditional Indigenous owners of the land on which the Quadrangle was built are the Cadigal and Wangal tribes of the Eora people.
 The main entrance - constructed first along with the Great Hall - is underneath the clock tower, which holds one of only two carillons in Australia.
The Norlin Quadrangle Historic District comprises the core of the main campus of the University of Colorado campus in Boulder, Colorado.
 The twelve buildings were designed to reflect a variety of architectural styles.
 The quadrangle was named after University of Colorado president George Norlin.
 Buildings on the quadrangle include the Norlin Library, Woodbury Arts and Sciences Building, Old Main, the Hale Science Building, University Theater, Macky Concert Hall and the Women's Studies Cottage.
The Great Quadrangle, more popularly known as Tom Quad, is one of the quadrangles of Christ Church, Oxford, England.
 It is the largest college quad in Oxford, measuring 264 by 261 feet.
 Although it was begun by Cardinal Wolsey, he was unable to complete it.
 Wolsey planned that it would actually be a cloister, and the supports required for this can be seen at short intervals around the quadrangle.
 The quad was finished when John Fell was Dean.
 The funds for the building of Tom Quad were found from the suppression of three Norbertine abbeys.
 It is dominated to the west by Tom Tower, designed by Sir Christopher Wren.
 On the east side is the entrance to Christ Church Cathedral and at the south-east corner is the entrance to the college dining hall.
 The north contains the homes of the canons of Christ Church, and much of the east side is taken up with the Deanery, in which the Dean of the college lives.
 On the north-east side, the quad leads, via Kilcannon, to Peckwater Quadrangle and the college library.
 In the north-west part of the quad is the Junior Common Room ("JCR").
 Parts of the quad are still lived in by undergraduates, including the staircase above the Porter's lodge, known as "Bachelors' Row", to the left of the quadrangle when entered via Tom Gate.
 Bachelors' Row was only inhabited by first year male undergraduates until 2014, when the first female first year undergraduates took up residence there.
Ossian C. Bird Arena is an ice arena and recreational sport facility located in Athens, Ohio and owned and operated by Ohio University.
 The arena serves as the home for Ohio University ACHA Men's college ice hockey team that competes in the American Collegiate Hockey Association at the Division I level as a member of the Central States Collegiate Hockey League.
 Bird Arena is also home to the Ohio University Synchronized Skating Team who compete in the Open Collegiate division of synchronized skating.
Dale Frederick Nitzschke (born September 16, 1937) is an American academic.
 He was the president of the University of New Hampshire from 1990 to 1996, and of Marshall University from 1984 to 1990.
 He attended Loras College and Ohio University, and holds B.A., M.Ed.
 and Ph.D. degrees.
 He has taught at Ohio University, State University of College of Arts and Sciences at Plattsburg, New York, the University of Northern Iowa, and University of Las Vegas.
Jesse Hall is the main administration building for the University of Missouri.
 It's dome has towered 180 feet above the south end of David R. Francis Quadrangle since it's completion in 1895.
 In the lawn in front of Jesse Hall are The Columns, all that remains of it's predecessor Academic Hall, which burned in 1892.
 The building contains the office of the chancellor, university registrar, graduate school, admissions, and financial aid.
 One of the most photographic landmarks in Missouri, the building was designed by Missouri architect Morris Frederick Bell, and is his largest surviving work.
 Jesse Auditorium had hosted graduations and countless university functions over the years.
 The University Concert Series presents national and international concerts, Broadway shows, performers, bands, speakers, and theater to the largest auditorium in Columbia.
 As the former home of the School of Music, student performances occasionally happen.
 The building is the most prominent contributing structure to the David R. Francis Quadrangle National Register of Historic Places District.
 In 1922 "New Academic Hall" became "Jesse Hall" in honor of retiring University President Richard Henry Jesse.
The College Green of Ohio University is the university's central quadrangle lawn which saw the first academic buildings in the Northwest Territory.
 The green roughly sits aligned to the cardinal directions, with Manasseh Cutler Hall facing true north.
 The green, at the heart of the Athens campus, is surrounded by administrative, academic, and library buildings.
 For most of the nineteenth and twentieth century, it saw small memorials and wartime monuments dedicated in remembrance of the people involved in those centuries' great conflicts.
