The American Football Conference North Division, or AFC North, is a division of the National Football League's (NFL) American Football Conference (AFC).
 It was created as the AFC Central in 1970 following the completion of the AFL–NFL merger when two of the NFL teams—the Cleveland Browns and the Pittsburgh Steelers—moved from the "old" NFL to join the former American Football League teams in the AFC, in order to give the two conferences an equal number of teams.
 The division adopted its current name in 2002, when the league realigned divisions after expanding to 32 teams.
The Cleveland Browns season was the team's 63rd season as a professional sports franchise and its 59th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL).
 The team had hoped to improve on its 2010 season, where it finished with a record of 5–11 and placed third in the AFC North, however, the team was eliminated from playoff contention in Week 14.
 This season marked the second season under the leadership of team president Mike Holmgren and general manager Tom Heckert, as well as the first season under head coach Pat Shurmur.
 The Browns played all of their home games at Cleveland Browns Stadium in Cleveland, Ohio.
The Cleveland Browns season was the team's 64th season as a professional sports franchise and its 60th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL).
 Although the team improved on its record to 5–11 this 2012 season from its 4–12 finish in 2011, the team still placed fourth in the AFC North.
 The team also failed to break its 9-year playoff drought, the longest in franchise history.
 The 2012 season was the third season under the leadership of team president Mike Holmgren and general manager Tom Heckert and the second season under head coach Pat Shurmur.
 The Browns also had Jimmy Haslam as their new owner, after buying the team from Randy Lerner.
 The Browns played all of their home games at Cleveland Browns Stadium in Cleveland, Ohio.
The 2007 Cleveland Browns season was the team's 59th season as a professional sports franchise and its 55th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL).
 The season began with the Browns attempting to improve upon their 4–12 record from the 2006 season, in which the team finished in fourth place in the AFC North.
 The Browns also attempted to overcome the many injuries that plagued the team throughout the 2006 season.
 The Browns remained under the supervision of head coach Romeo Crennel and they played all of their home games in Cleveland Browns Stadium in Cleveland, Ohio.
The 2008 Cleveland Browns season was the team's 60th season as a professional sports franchise and its 56th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL).
 The Browns finished with a 4–12 record and failed to qualify for the playoffs.
 The season marked Romeo Crennel's fourth (and what would be final) year as head coach of the Browns.
 Cleveland played all of their home games at Cleveland Browns Stadium in Cleveland, Ohio.
 In the 2008 season, the Browns failed to score a touchdown for 24 consecutive quarters.
 Also from 2008 to present, the Browns have failed to obtain a winning record, thus they failed to make the playoffs for the seventh straight season.
The 2010 Cleveland Browns season was the team's 62nd season as a professional sports franchise and its 58th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL).
 The team failed to break the longest playoff appearance drought in franchise history, a current streak of eight seasons without reaching the playoffs.
 The team finished 5–11, matching its win total from the 2009 season and placed third in the AFC North.
 This season marked the first season under the leadership of team president Mike Holmgren and general manager Tom Heckert.
 It also marked the second season under head coach Eric Mangini.
 The Browns played all of their home games at Cleveland Browns Stadium in Cleveland, Ohio.
Lamar A. Chapman (born November 6, 1976) is a former American football cornerback who played two seasons with the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League.
 He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fifth round of the 2000 NFL Draft.
 He played college football at Kansas State University and attended Liberal High School in Liberal, Kansas.
 He was placed on the waived/injured list by the Browns on August 5, 2002.
The 2009 Cleveland Browns season was the team's 61st season as a professional sports franchise and its 57th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL).
 The team placed fourth in the AFC North with a record of 5–11, improving upon its 2008 record of 4–12.
 This season marked George Kokinis and Eric Mangini's first seasons as the team's general manager and head coach, respectively; however, Kokinis was fired on November 2 during the team's Week 9 bye week.
 The Browns played all of their home games at Cleveland Browns Stadium in Cleveland, Ohio.
Ronald Wayne Snidow (December 30, 1941 – May 17, 2009) was an American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Cleveland Browns.
 He attended San Rafael High School in California.
 He played college football at the University of Oregon.
 The Washington Redskins drafted Snidow in the third round of the 1963 NFL draft.
 After five seasons with the Redskins, he was traded to the Cleveland Browns in exchange for a second round draft choice, just prior to the opening of the 1968 season.
 Snidow was first-team All-Pro with the Browns in 1969.
 He appeared in 126 career regular season games.
 After suffering a broken leg while playing with the Browns, he retired at the end of the 1972 season, having played 10 years in the NFL.
 After retiring from the NFL, Snidow worked as a commercial real estate broker in Southern California, until he retired.
 In 2008, Snidow was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease, which he died from a year later on May 17, 2009, while on a vacation cruise off the coast of Italy on the island of Elba.
Freddie S. Summers (born February 16, 1947) is a former American football defensive back who played three seasons with the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League.
 He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fourth round of the 1969 NFL Draft.
 He first enrolled at McCook Community College before transferring to Wake Forest University, where he played quarterback.
 Summers attended Dorchester High School in Dorchester, Boston, Massachusetts.
 On June 15, 1972, he was traded to the New York Giants in exchange for the Giants second pick in the 1973 NFL Draft.
 He was placed on injured waivers on August 30, 1972.
