The Nemi Ships were two ships, one ship larger than the other, built by the Roman emperor Caligula in the 1st century AD at Lake Nemi.
 Although the purpose of the ships is only speculated upon, the larger ship was essentially an elaborate floating palace, which contained quantities of marble, mosaic floors, heating and plumbing and amenities such as baths.
 Both ships featured technology thought to have been developed historically much later.
 It has been stated that the emperor was influenced by the lavish lifestyles of the Hellenistic rulers of Syracuse and Ptolemaic Egypt.
 Recovered from the lake bed in 1929, the ships were destroyed by artillery fire during World War II in 1944 though the History Channel attributes their destruction to German soldiers.
Titus (Latin: "Titus Flāvius Caesar Vespasiānus Augustus" ; 30 December 39 AD – 13 September 81 AD) was Roman emperor from 79 to 81.
 A member of the Flavian dynasty, Titus succeeded his father Vespasian upon his death, thus becoming the first Roman emperor to come to the throne after his own biological father.
Paternity fraud, also known as misattributed paternity or paternal discrepancy, is a type of fraud that occurs when, in a non-paternity event, a mother names a man to be the biological father of a child, when she knows or suspects that he is not the biological father.
 The modern concept of paternity fraud is related to the historical understanding of adultery.
Caligula ( ), properly Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus (31 August AD 12 – 24 January AD 41) was Roman emperor from AD 37–41.
 Born Gaius Julius Caesar Germanicus (not to be confused with Julius Caesar), Caligula was a member of the house of rulers conventionally known as the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
 Caligula's biological father was Germanicus, and he was the great-nephew and adopted son of Emperor Tiberius.
 The young Gaius earned the nickname "Caligula" (meaning "little soldier's boot", the diminutive form of "caliga", hob-nailed military boot) from his father's soldiers while accompanying him during his campaigns in Germania.
A father is the male parent of a child.
 Besides the paternal bonds of a father to his children, the father may have a parental, legal, and social relationship with the child that carries with it certain rights and obligations.
 An adoptive father is a male who has become the child's parent through the legal process of adoption.
 A biological father is the male genetic contributor to the creation of the infant, through sexual intercourse or sperm donation.
 A biological father may have legal obligations to a child not raised by him, such as an obligation of monetary support.
 A putative father is a man whose biological relationship to a child is alleged but has not been established.
 A mother's boyfriend is a man whose girlfriend has a son or daughter from a previous marriage or relationship.
 A stepfather is a male who is the husband of a child's mother and they may form a family unit, but who generally does not have the legal rights and responsibilities of a parent in relation to the child.
Kyle Sampson is a fictional character from the CBS daytime soap opera "Guiding Light".
 He was played by Larkin Malloy from 1984 to 1987.
 Kyle was the result of an affair between Cardinal John Malone and Sally Gleason.
 He was the President of Sampson Industries which caused him to become an enemy to both Alan Spaulding and Billy Lewis.
 It was once believed that Kyle was the son of Lewis Oil founder, H.B. Lewis.
 Kyle was in love with and engaged to Billy and H.B.'s ex-wife Reva Shayne.
 Kyle Sampson was once believed to be the biological father of Reva's daughter Marah.
 But he was the biological father of Ben Reade with his ex-wife Maeve.
 In 1987 after having left Springfield Kyle had become engaged to a woman named Amy Dupree.
 Later in that same year Kyle and Amy were involved in a plane crash that killed both Amy and his father John Malone and left Kyle comatose.
Closed adoption (also called "confidential" adoption and sometimes "secret" adoption) is a process by which an infant is adopted by another family, and the record of the biological parent(s) is kept sealed.
 Often, the biological father is not recorded—even on the original birth certificate.
 An adoption of an older child who already knows his or her biological parent(s) cannot be made closed or secret.
 This used to be the most traditional and popular type of adoption, peaking in the decades of the post-World War II Baby Scoop Era.
 It still exists today, but it exists alongside the practice of open adoption.
 The sealed records effectively prevent the adoptee and the biological parents from finding, or even knowing anything about each other (especially in the days before the Internet).
 The International Association of Adopted People does not support any form of closed adoption as it is detrimental to the psychological well being of the adopted child.
 However, the emergence of non-profit organizations and private companies to assist individuals with their sealed records has been effective in helping people who want to connect with biological relatives to do so.
Vasquez's family is from Monterrey, Mexico, but grew in the small town of Richmond, Texas surrounding Houston, Texas.
 Vannessa was raised by her single mother and grandmother until the age of 10.
 Since money was scarce for any extra curricular activities she began acting at the age of 6, performing skits for her family while living at grandmother's house.
 When her mother got married she moved away to the East side of town into Sugar Land, TX.
 Having to deal with the adversities of growing up in a new town, an integrated home and new stepfather she took part in whatever activities grade school offered.
 In sixth grade, she read for the role of Becky in the play "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer".
 From there she took dance in middle school and high school along with theatre.
 She was raised by her mother and step father until the age of 18.
 At the age of 18 she set off to Mexico to find her biological father.
 Since then she has worked to maintain a relationship with her father in Mexico.
 Through love and forgiveness she has built a strong relationship with the both her stepfather and biological father.
Lawrence Joseph Roberds Foyt is a semi-retired NASCAR and IndyCar driver.
 He is the biological grandson and adopted son of A. J. Foyt, and a biological cousin (and uncle by adoption) of A. J. Foyt IV.
 His biological mother (and half-sister by adoption) is Terry Lynn Foyt, daughter of A. J. Foyt, who divorced his biological father Larry Gene Roberds when he was an infant.
 He also drove in the 2004, 2005, and the 2006 Indianapolis 500 for A. J. Foyt Enterprises.
Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus (11 December (?
 ca. 2 BC) – January 41 AD) was a close relative of the five Roman Emperors of the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
 Domitius was the only son of Antonia Major (niece of the emperor Augustus and daughter of Augustus' sister Octavia Minor who was married to triumvir Mark Antony) and Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus (consul 16 BC).
 His only siblings were Domitia Lepida the Elder and Domitia Lepida the Younger, mother of the Empress Valeria Messalina (third wife of the Emperor Claudius).
 He was a great-nephew of the Emperor Augustus, brother-in-law and first cousin once removed of the Emperor Caligula; maternal cousin of the Emperor Claudius and the biological father to the Emperor Nero.
