Watership Down is a fantasy adventure novel by English author Richard Adams, published by Rex Collings Ltd of London in 1972.
 Set in southern England, the story features a small group of rabbits.
 Although they live in their natural environment, they are anthropomorphised, possessing their own culture, language, proverbs, poetry, and mythology.
 Evoking epic themes, the novel follows the rabbits as they escape the destruction of their warren and seek a place to establish a new home, encountering perils and temptations along the way.
Sofia Samatar (born October 24, 1971) is a Somali American educator, poet and writer.
 She is an Assistant Professor of English at James Madison University, and serves as a nonfiction and poetry editor for "Interfictions: A Journal of Interstitial Arts".
 In 2013, she published the award-winning fantasy novel "A Stranger in Olondria".
"That Hell-Bound Train" is an award-winning fantasy short story by American writer Robert Bloch.
 It was originally published in "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction" in September 1958.
The Serpent's Shadow is a 2012 fantasy adventure novel based on Egyptian mythology written by American author Rick Riordan.
 It is the third and final novel in "The Kane Chronicles" series.
 It was published by Disney Hyperion on May 1, 2012.
Agone is an epic fantasy roleplaying game based on novels by award-winning fantasy writer Mathieu Gaborit.
 "Agone" is set in the land of Harmundia – also known as the Twilight Realms.
 The game was published in French starting in 1999 by the now-defunct company Multisim, which also translated five books into English starting in 2001.
 There are over 30 books and supplements for the game published in French.
The Jade Trilogy is a set of three fantasy novels written by Japanese award-winning fantasy writer Noriko Ogiwara.
 The trilogy consists of the original novel and its two sequels.
The Giant Under The Snow is a children's fantasy adventure novel by John Gordon.
 First published in 1968 the story tells the tale of three school friends who discover an ancient treasure and become embroiled in the final act of an epic battle of good against evil.
 It is John Gordon's début novel and has been published in at least four languages.
The Phantom Tollbooth is a children's fantasy adventure novel written by Norton Juster with illustrations by Jules Feiffer, published in 1961 by Random House (USA).
 It tells the story of a bored young boy named Milo who unexpectedly receives a magic tollbooth one afternoon and, having nothing better to do, drives through it in his toy car, transporting him to the Kingdom of Wisdom, once prosperous but now troubled.
 There, he acquires two faithful companions and goes on a quest to restore to the kingdom its exiled princesses—named Rhyme and Reason—from the Castle in the Air.
 In the process, he learns valuable lessons, finding a love of learning.
 The text is full of puns and wordplay, such as when Milo unintentionally jumps to Conclusions, an island in Wisdom, thus exploring the literal meanings of idioms.
The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios and Other Stories is a book of short stories by Canadian author Yann Martel.
 First published as a paperback by Knopf Canada in the spring of 1993, it received little attention outside Canada until 2004, after Martel's award-winning "Life of Pi" gained worldwide popularity and people became interested in the author's work.
Silvana De Mari is an Italian doctor and children's writer known in the English-speaking world for "The Last Dragon", an award-winning fantasy novel published in English in 2006.
 As of 2014 it remains the only one of her many books to be translated into English.
