Classical music of the United Kingdom is taken in this article to mean classical music in the sense elsewhere defined, of formally composed and written music of chamber, concert and church type as distinct from popular, traditional, or folk music.
 The term in this sense emerged in the early 19th century, not long after the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland came into existence in 1801.
 Composed music in these islands can be traced in musical notation back to the 13th century, with earlier origins.
 It has never existed in isolation from European music, but has often developed in distinctively insular ways within an international framework.
 Inheriting the European classical forms of the 18th century (above all, in Britain, from the example of Handel), patronage and the academy and university establishment of musical performance and training in the United Kingdom during the 19th century saw a great expansion.
 Similar developments occurred in the other expanding states of Europe (including Russia) and their empires.
 Within this international growth the traditions of composition and performance centred in the United Kingdom, including the various cultural strands drawn from its different provinces, have continued to evolve in distinctive ways through the work of many famous composers.
Malaysians in the United Kingdom are British citizens who are of Malaysian descent or Malaysian citizens residing in the United Kingdom.
 The Malaysian British community bears a similar trend to the British Chinese and Singaporean British communities in terms of population spread and culture.
 The Malaysian community in the UK is one of the west's largest, this is mainly due to the influence of the British Empire on Malaysia.
 The 2001 UK Census recorded 49,886 Malaysian-born people.
 The Office for National Statistics estimates that 59,000 Malaysian-born immigrants were resident in the UK in 2013.
 In December 2008 it was reported that over 30,000 Malaysians who entered the UK temporarily have overstayed their visas.
 In 2013, there were 14,500 Malaysians studying in the tertiary level in the United Kingdom, making Malaysians the one of the largest overseas student group in the United Kingdom and making the United Kingdom the country with the 2nd most number of Malaysian students.
Capital Index is an international financial brokerage service offering online trading in contracts for difference (CFDs), Spread Betting and Spread Trading.
 Based in the UK and with an entity in Cyprus, the company offers clients access to a broad range of financial markets including foreign exchange, commodities, stock indices, bonds and metals.
 Capital Index (UK) Ltd is headquartered in London, United Kingdom and is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
 In January 2016, www.top8forexbrokers.com ranked Capital Index eighth in their global rankings, noting that the company did not accept clients from the United States.
The Night Visions Tour was the debut world concert tour by American alternative rock band Imagine Dragons.
 Launched in support of their debut studio album "Night Visions" (2012), the tour began on October 19, 2009, with two years worth of shows in North America before heading out to other parts of world including Europe and United Kingdom in November 2012.
 The band returned to North America in January 2013 to begin another leg of tour, before heading back to Europe, including the United Kingdom, in April 2013 for the second leg of the tour.
 The third leg of North America tour took place in May 2013, before returning to Europe from June–August to play famous festivals such as Rock am Ring and Rock im Park, Isle of Wight Festival, T in the Park, Pukkelpop, Lowlands Festival and Reading and Leeds Festival.
 The band also performed in Dublin and Belfast during this period.
 During this time, the band also played famous festivals such as Lollapalooza in Chicago and Made in America Festival in Philadelphia in August 2013.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) and colloquially Great Britain (GB) or simply Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe.
 Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland, the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain, the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland and many smaller islands.
 Northern Ireland is the only part of the United Kingdom that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland.
 Apart from this land border, the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world.
 The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland.
 With an area of 242500 km2 , the United Kingdom is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe.
 It is also the 21st-most populous country, with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants.
 Together, this makes it the fourth-most densely populated country in the European Union (EU).
"I Begin to Wonder" is a song co-written by Dannii Minogue, Jean-Claude Ades, Dacia Bridges and Olaf Kramolowsky for Minogue's 2003 album "Neon Nights".
 The song was released as the album's second single in March 2003.
 The single reached the top twenty in multiple countries, and topped the club charts in the United Kingdom.
 In 2003, it was certified gold in Australia.
 "I Begin to Wonder" received positive reviews from music critics, and is considered by Minogue to be her "signature tune".
 Its futuristic music video, directed by Phil Griffin, features Minogue dancing in a room with the song's title swirling around her in numerous languages.
The West African Ebola virus epidemic (2013–2016) was the most widespread outbreak of Ebola virus disease (EVD) in history—causing major loss of life and socioeconomic disruption in the region, mainly in the countries of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
 The first cases were recorded in Guinea in December 2013; later, the disease spread to neighboring Liberia and Sierra Leone, with minor outbreaks occurring elsewhere.
 It caused significant mortality, with the case fatality rate reported at slightly above 70%, while the rate among hospitalized patients was 57–59%.
 Small outbreaks occurred in Nigeria and Mali, and isolated cases were recorded in Senegal, the United Kingdom and Sardinia.
 In addition, imported cases led to secondary infection of medical workers in the United States and Spain but did not spread further.
 The number of cases peaked in October 2014 and then began to decline gradually, following the commitment of substantial international resources.
 <section begin=casesasof />s of 08 2016 <section end=casesasof />, the World Health Organization (WHO) and respective governments reported a total of <section begin=cases />28,616<section end=cases /> suspected cases and <section begin=deaths />11,310<section end=deaths /> deaths<section begin=caserefs /><section end=caserefs /> (39.5%), though the WHO believes that this substantially understates the magnitude of the outbreak.
The twenty-sixth series of the British medical drama television series "Casualty" commenced airing in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 13 August 2011, one week after the end of the previous series.
 It is the first series in the history of the show to begin without a break from the previous series and the first to begin in August rather than the traditional September launch.
 This series featured forty-two episodes, which was five episodes less than the previous series.
 Series twenty-six was the first series to broadcast in high definition, with the first high definition episode broadcast from episode 17.
 The episode also saw the first episode to be filmed at the new set in Cardiff.
 The show saw its twenty-fifth anniversary in September 2011 and in March 2012, the show aired their first ever three-part story which centred on gang violence.
 The series concluded with a two-part riot storyline, entitled '#HolbyRiot', which aired on 21 and 22 July 2012.
 The series was originally planned to finish on 21 July, but due to a postponed episode on 30 June, the finale was moved to the following day.
The administrative geography of the United Kingdom is complex, multi-layered and non-uniform.
 The United Kingdom, a sovereign state to the northwest of continental Europe, consists of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
 For local government in the United Kingdom, England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales each have their own system of administrative and geographic demarcation.
 Consequently, there is "no common stratum of administrative unit encompassing the United Kingdom".
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (LGBT) rights in Northern Ireland are the least advanced in the United Kingdom and Ireland, lagging behind Great Britain and the Republic of Ireland respectively.
 It was the last country in the United Kingdom to legalise same-sex sexual activity, the last to end a lifetime ban on blood donations by men who have sex with men and since 2015 is the only part of western Europe to prohibit same-sex marriage.
 Progress on LGBT rights has mostly been achieved during direct rule by the Government of the United Kingdom or through court action rather than local legislative reform, due to the veto power wielded by the anti-LGBT Democratic Unionist Party and its allies under Northern Ireland's power-sharing system.
 ILGA rates Northern Ireland as the worst place in the United Kingdom for LGBT people, with 74% equality of rights compared to 86% LGBT equality in the United Kingdom overall and 92% equality in Scotland.
 LGBT rights campaigner Peter Tatchell describes Northern Ireland as "the most homophobic place in western Europe".
