Killer BiSH is the third album by Japanese idol group BiSH released through Avex Trax on October 5, 2016.
 The album is the first full album by the group to be released from a major label.
 The album is the first release to feature new member Ayuni D, who joined the group in August 2016 following the departure of Hug Mii.
 Unlike their independent label albums, songs from the album were not released as free downloads prior to release.
 However, the album was released in its entirety in digital format a month prior to the physical release.
 The first 24 hours of the digital release had all of the group's releases including KiLLER BiSH priced at 300 yen.
 The album was preceded by the single "DEADMAN", released on May 4, 2016.
 The music video for the track "Orchestra" was posted on Youtube on September 9.
 RUKA from Visual-kei band Nightmare, a well known fan of BiSH and BiS, provided the music for the track "IDOL is SHiT".
 The track title is an homage to BiS's album IDOL is DEAD while the track is an homage to the song "IDOL" from that album.
Change is the ninth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill featuring performances recorded and scheduled for release in 1966 on the Blue Note label.
 The album was originally scheduled for issue in 1967 as BST 84233, but was held back from release until 1975, when the tracks appeared under Sam Rivers' name, as part of the double LP set "Involution", which combined them with tracks recorded under Rivers' leadership which would eventually see release as "Dimensions & Extensions".
 The first release under Hill's name occurred in 1995 as part of the Mosaic box set "The Complete Blue Note Andrew Hill Sessions (1963-66)".
 The album features Hill's quartet performing six original compositions.
 In 2007, two alternate takes, previously included in the Mosaic set, were added to the 2007 CD release.
 The first one, a shorter take of "Violence", was initially chosen as master track for the piece.
American Spring is Anti-Flag's ninth studio album.
 The album was released on May 26, 2015.
 The album marks the band's first release for Spinefarm Records after releasing their previous two albums on SideOneDummy Records.
 A lyric music video for the album's first single, "Fabled World" was released in March 2015.
 The second single "Sky Is Falling" was released a month later.
 On May 19, A music video for Brandenburg Gate was released.
Man Overboard is the second studio album by American rock band Man Overboard.
 After the release of their debut album "Real Talk" (2010), guitarist Wayne Wildrick left the group, resulting in several line-up changes.
 In December 2010, the group had signed to independent label Rise Records, and aimed to release another album by fall of next year.
 Following Wildrick's return to the band in April 2011, the group began demoing songs for their next album the following month.
 With New Found Glory guitarist Steve Klein standing in as producer, the group recorded their second album at Cannon Found Soundation Studios in New Jersey in June.
 Following this, the band went on a tour of Europe with Polar Bear Club.
 After the album was announced in August 2011, "Dead End Dreams" was made available for streaming later in that month, followed by "Spunn" in mid-September.
On February 11, 2014, it was confirmed that the album's production team consisted of producers include Stu Bangas, C-Lance, Leaf Dog, Panik and including Army of the Pharaohs' own Apathy amongst others, including new faces that hadn't been producing for the group beforehand.
 In promotion for "In Death Reborn", Vinnie Paz released "The Flawless Victory" mixtape on March 2, 2014.
 Reef the Lost Cauze released a collaboration album titled "Fast Way" alongside producer Emyd on March 9, 2014.
 Member Doap Nixon only appeared on the song "7th Ghost" but spoke out saying, how he was only featured on one song because he had a lot of personal stuff going on and stated that there will be more of him on the LP that is due to drop in November.
 King Syze released his fourth studio album one month before the album release on March 25 titled "Union Terminology".
 Apathy pushed back the release date of "Connecticut Casual" from April to June in favour of "In Death Reborn".
 A week before the release of "In Death Reborn", Zilla announced he was working on his fourth studio album titled "Martyr Musick" set to be released sometime June 2014.
 The group released their second album of the year "Heavy Lies the Crown" on 21 October 2014.
 Six months after In Death Reborn.
Music for Cars is the third extended play by English rock band The 1975, released on 4 March 2013 through Dirty Hit.
 and in the United States through Vagrant 5 March.
 It is the third of four EPs released before the band's self-titled debut.
 It is also confirmed to share its title with the band's planned third album scheduled for release in 2018.
Chapter 1 is the second extended play (EP) by American country music singer Kane Brown who is signed with Sony Music Nashville in early 2016.
 The five-song EP was released on March 18, 2016, as his first EP with the Sony label although he had an earlier independently released EP on his own label titled "Closer".
 "Chapter 1" is considered a prelude to his debut studio album scheduled later in 2016.
Pacific Myth is a subscription-based serial album and the fifth major release by the Canadian progressive metal band Protest the Hero, distributed through the online music subscription service Bandcamp.
 Following the independent release of their crowdfunded 2013 album "Volition", the band sought to explore alternative release methods and decided upon a subscription-like platform wherein subscribers could get access to the scheduled arrival of a new song every month.
 Each of the songs, including artwork, lyrics, liner notes, instrumental versions, and high-quality downloads, were released through Bandcamp each month starting on October 15, 2015 with the first track, "Ragged Tooth," and ending on March 15, 2016 with the final track, "Caravan."
 The six songs effectively make up the band's fifth EP, and 11th overall release.
 It is the band's only release with Cam McLellan on bass and the first with Mike Ieradi on drums.
Joker's Daughter was originally a musical collaboration between Greek-English singer/songwriter Helena Costas and producer Danger Mouse who released their debut album "The Last Laugh" in 2009.
 Today Helena Costas is backed by a new band and has a new album scheduled for release on 31 October 2011.
Rex Riot, born Nicholas Rex Valente, is an electronic music producer.
 He is known for his work with Nintendo, for their 2012 Wii U Campaign, and various work including a popular remix of Kanye West's "All of the Lights", which he produced with Infuze.
 He currently has releases under Play Me Records, Heavy Artillery Records, and an upcoming album scheduled for release in summer 2013.
