Unforgettable is a 2017 American drama thriller film directed by Denise Di Novi (in her directorial debut) and written by Christina Hodson.
 The film stars Katherine Heigl, Rosario Dawson, Geoff Stults, Isabella Rice, and Cheryl Ladd, and follows a divorcée who begins to torment her ex-husband's new fiancée.
Morris S. Levy is a film and television producer who was born in Brooklyn, NY and raised in Great Neck, NY.
 He is the founder and President of M.E.G.A. Films (Morsly Entertainment Group and the Arts), a New York based production company.
 He often films in Great Neck as well as all over the New York City area.
 His films have appeared in the Sundance Film Festival ("The Ten"-starring Paul Rudd, Winona Ryder, Jessica Alba and Liev Schreiber), the Cannes Film Festival ("Seduced and Abandoned"-starring Alec Baldwin, Ryan Gosling and Jessica Chastain), and the Tribeca Film Festival ("Descent"-starring Rosario Dawson) amongst other festivals.
 His film "A Novel Romance" won the Audience Award and Best Picture Award at the New York International Film Festival.
 His TV series, "Cop Show" (starring Colin Quinn, Jerry Seinfeld, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock and Seth Meyers) won best comedy, among other awards at the 2015 New York City Webfest.
Rosario Isabel Dawson (born May 9, 1979) is an American actress, producer, singer, comic book writer, and political activist.
 She made her film debut in the 1995 teen drama "Kids".
 Her subsequent film roles include "He Got Game", "Men in Black II", "25th Hour", "Rent", "Sin City", "Death Proof", "Seven Pounds", "", and "Top Five".
 Dawson has also provided voice-over work for Disney and DC.
Clerks II is a 2006 American comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith, the sequel to his 1994 film "Clerks", and his sixth feature film to be set in the View Askewniverse.
 The film stars Brian O'Halloran, Jeff Anderson, Rosario Dawson, Trevor Fehrman, Jennifer Schwalbach Smith, Jason Mewes, and Smith, and picks up with the original characters from "Clerks": Dante Hicks, Randal Graves and Jay and Silent Bob ten years after the events of the first film.
 Unlike the first film, which was shot in black-and-white, this film was shot in color.
Josie and the Pussycats is a 2001 American musical comedy film released by Universal Pictures, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Directed and co-written by Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan, the film is loosely based upon the Archie comic of the same name, as well as the Hanna-Barbera cartoon.
 The film is about a young all-female band which signs a record contract with a New York City record label, only to discover that the company does not have the musicians' best interests at heart.
 The film stars Rachael Leigh Cook, Tara Reid, and Rosario Dawson as the Pussycats, with Alan Cumming, Parker Posey, and Gabriel Mann in supporting roles.
 The film received mixed reviews and was a box office bomb, earning about $15 million against a $39 million budget.
Claire Temple is a character portrayed by Rosario Dawson in the television series of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), based on the comic characters Claire Temple and Night Nurse.
 A nurse who gives medical aid to vigilantes, she first appeared in the first season of "Daredevil" (2015–).
 Dawson then signed a deal to return for the second season of the series, as well as potentially appear in any other Marvel Netflix series.
 She has since reprised the role in "Jessica Jones", "Luke Cage", "Iron Fist", and "The Defenders".
 The character has also appeared in a "Jessica Jones" tie-in comic.
O.C.T.: Occult Crimes Taskforce is an American four-issue comic book mini-series about the eponymous team of fictional police officers.
 It was created by actress Rosario Dawson, writer David Atchison and illustrator Tony Shasteen.
 Dawson also lends her likeness to main character Sophia Ortiz.
10 Years is a 2011 American romantic comedy directed by Jamie Linden in his directorial debut.
 The film stars with an ensemble cast including Channing Tatum, Jenna Dewan, Justin Long, Kate Mara, Rosario Dawson, Oscar Isaac, Lynn Collins, Chris Pratt, Scott Porter, Brian Geraghty, Anthony Mackie, Kelly Noonan and Juliet Lopez.
 The film was released on September 14, 2012, in select theaters.
Top Five is a 2014 American comedy film written and directed by Chris Rock.
 The film, which stars Rock, Rosario Dawson, and Gabrielle Union, was screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.
 The movie follows New York City comedian and film star Andre Allen (Rock), who has to confront his past and comedic career while doing an interview with journalist Chelsea Brown (Dawson).
 The film was released on December 12, 2014, by Paramount Pictures.
Jackie Joseph (born Sammie Jacqueline Joseph; November 7, 1933) is an American character actress, voice artist, and writer known for portraying Alan Brady's niece Jackie on the "Dick van Dyke Show", as well as the film characters of: Audrey Fulquard in the original "The Little Shop of Horrors" (1960), Sheila Futterman in "Gremlins" (1984) and "" (1990), Mrs Kirkland in "" (1985) and "" (1987), and the voice of Melody in the animated series "Josie and the Pussycats" and "Josie and the Pussycats in Outer Space".
