The National symbols of Argentina are the symbols used in Argentina and abroad to represent the nation and its people.
 The country has a number of national symbols, some of which are extensively defined by law.
The national symbols of Sri Lanka are the symbols that represent the country and its people within Sri Lanka and abroad as well as the traditions, culture, history and geography.
 The national symbols of Sri Lanka are the national anthem, national flag, national emblem, national flower, national tree, national bird, national butterfly, national gemstone and national sport.
 They were picked up and officially announced at various times.
 There are also several other symbols that do not have official acknowledgment or announced as national symbols, but considered national symbols at the local level.
The national symbols of Serbia are things which are emblematic, representative or otherwise characteristic of Serbia and the Serbian people or Serbian culture.
 Some are established, official symbols; for example, the Coat of arms of Serbia, which has been codified in heraldry.
 Other symbols may not have official status, for one reason or another, but are likewise recognised at a national or international level.
Upon the independence of Belarus from the Soviet Union, the country resurrected national symbols that were used before the Soviet era.
 These included a flag of red and white stripes and a coat of arms consisting of a charging knight on horseback.
 These national symbols were replaced by Soviet-era symbols in a disputed 1995 vote.
 Those two symbols, along with the national anthem, are the constitutionally defined national symbols of Belarus.
The National symbols of Colombia are the symbols which represent the national identity of the Republic of Colombia as a sovereign state.
 The national symbols intend to represent the Colombian identity by creating visual, verbal cultural iconic representations of the national people, values, goals, and history.
The national symbols of Scotland are flags, icons or cultural expressions that are emblematic, representative or otherwise characteristic of Scotland or Scottish culture.
 As a rule, these national symbols are cultural icons that have emerged from Scottish folklore and tradition, meaning few have any official status.
 However, most if not all maintain recognition at a national or international level, and some, such as the Royal Arms of Scotland, have been codified in heraldry, and are established, official and recognised symbols of Scotland.
The national symbols of the Bangladesh consist of symbols to represent Bangladeshi traditions and ideals that reflect the different aspects of the cultural life and history.
 Bangladesh has several official national symbols including a historic document, a flag, an emblem, an anthem, memorial towers as well as several national heroes.
 There are also several other symbols including the national animal, bird, flower and tree.
The National symbols of Albania are the symbols that are used in Albania to represent what is unique about the nation, reflecting different aspects of its culture and history.
 They may also be used in the Republic of Kosovo, Macedonia, Montenegro, Greece (Chameria), and Serbia (Preševo Valley), and by the Arbëreshë in Italy.
The national symbols of the Philippines consist of symbols that represent Philippine traditions and ideals and convey the principles of sovereignty and national solidarity of the Filipino people.
 Some of these symbols are stated in the Flag and Heraldic Code of the Philippines, which is also known as Republic Act 8491.
 The national language of the Philippines is Filipino as stated in the Constitution of the Philippines.
 Aside from those stated symbols in the Constitution and in Republic Act 8491, there are only five official national symbols of the Philippines enacted through law, namely sampaguita as national flower, narra as national tree, the Philippine eagle as national bird, Philippine pearl as national gem and arnis as national martial art and sport.
National symbols of Peru are the symbols that are used in Peru to represent what is unique about the nation, reflecting different aspects of the cultural life and history.
 The national symbols of Peru are established by law and part of the Political Constitution of Peru (Article 49).
