Hot Streets is the tenth studio album (twelfth overall) by the American band Chicago, released in 1978.
 In many ways, "Hot Streets" marked the beginning of a new era for the band, turning to disco music, a move which would be derided in retrospect.
 It was also the band's first album with all-new material released since their second that didn't have a numbered title.
 It was also the first album not to feature original guitarist/vocalist Terry Kath, who died from an accidental self-inflicted gunshot wound in January 1978.
 He was replaced by Donnie Dacus on this album.
"Let Me Know" is a song by Irish singer Róisín Murphy from her second studio album, "Overpowered" (2007).
 The song was written and produced by Murphy and Andy Cato.
 It was released on 8 October 2007 as the album's second single.
 "Let Me Know" reached number 28 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Murphy's highest-peaking solo single to date.
Irish singer and songwriter Róisín Murphy has released four studio albums, one live album, five extended plays, 26 singles (including nine as a featured artist) and 14 music videos. Murphy debuted in 1995 as lead singer of the electronic music duo Moloko.
 The duo achieved success in the United Kingdom, producing four top 20 singles.
 Moloko broke up in 2003 after Murphy had ended her relationship with musical partner Mark Brydon.
"Free" is a song written by Robert Lamm as a part of the "Travel Suite" for the rock band Chicago and recorded for their third album "Chicago III" (1971), with Terry Kath singing lead vocals.
 It was the first single released from this album, and peaked at #20 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
Overpowered is the second solo studio album by Irish singer and songwriter Róisín Murphy.
 It was released on 11 October 2007 by EMI.
 Receiving widespread critical acclaim, the album was more commercially successful than its predecessor, "Ruby Blue" (2005), debuting at number 20 on the UK Albums Chart with 9,656 copies sold in its first week.
 "Overpowered" was shortlisted for the 2007 Choice Music Prize in Murphy's native Ireland.
 As of May 2015, the album had sold 65,532 copies in the United Kingdom.
"Colour My World" is a song written by American musician James Pankow, one of the founding members of the rock/jazz fusion band Chicago.
 Part of Pankow's "Ballet for a Girl in Buchannon" song cycle/suite, it was recorded for their second album "Chicago", also called "Chicago II" (1970).
 Terry Kath sings the lead vocal, and Walter Parazaider performs the highly recognizable flute solo.
"Sing It Back" is a song written and performed by Moloko (Róisín Murphy and Mark Brydon).
 It first appeared in its original version on Moloko's second album, "I Am Not a Doctor"; it was released as a single on 15 March 1999, reaching number 45 on the UK Singles Chart.
 The song experienced chart success after it was remixed by DJ Boris Dlugosch, peaking at number four in the UK in August 1999.
 Murphy had started writing the lyrics while clubbing in New York City, and knew the song was at heart a dance track, but the group wanted to record it in a different artistic fashion for its album version.
"25 or 6 to 4" is a song written by the American musician Robert Lamm, one of the founding members of the rock/jazz fusion band Chicago.
 It was recorded in 1969 for their second album, "Chicago", with Peter Cetera on lead vocals.
 The album was released in January 1970 and the song was edited and released as a single in June of that same year, climbing to number four on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number seven on the UK Singles Chart.
 It was the band's first song to reach the top five in the U.S.
 This recording features an electric guitar solo using a wah-wah pedal by Chicago guitarist Terry Kath, and a lead vocal line in Aeolian mode.
 It has been included in numerous Chicago compilation albums.
Ruby Blue is the debut solo album of Irish singer Róisín Murphy, released by Echo Records on 13 June 2005 (see 2005 in music).
 After she and Mark Brydon dissolved their electronic duo Moloko, Murphy began working with producer and musician Matthew Herbert, known for his experimental work in jazz and electronic music.
 The songs were first released through three extended plays and were then compiled into a studio album.
Hairless Toys is the third solo studio album by Irish recording artist Róisín Murphy, released on 8 May 2015 by Play It Again Sam.
 It is Murphy's first full-length release since 2007's "Overpowered".
 The album was nominated for Best Irish Album of 2015 at the Choice Music Prize and the 2015 Mercury Music Prize.
 In 2016, it was awarded a silver certification from the Independent Music Companies Association, indicating sales of at least 20,000 copies throughout Europe.
