Mirage Resorts (formerly Golden Nugget Companies) was an American company that owned and operated hotel-casinos.
 It was acquired by MGM Grand, Inc. in 2000, forming MGM Mirage (now MGM Resorts International).
The MGM Grand Las Vegas (formerly Marina and MGM-Marina) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 The MGM Grand is the largest single hotel in the United States with 5,124 rooms.
 It is also the third-largest hotel complex in the world by number of rooms and second-largest hotel resort complex in the United States behind the combined The Venetian and The Palazzo.
 When it opened in 1993, the MGM Grand was the largest hotel complex in the world.
Corey Sanders has served as Chief Operating Officer of MGM Resorts International since June 2010.
 He oversees operations at the Company’s wholly owned properties, which in Nevada include Bellagio (resort), MGM Grand Las Vegas, Mandalay Bay, The Mirage, New York-New York Hotel and Casino, Monte Carlo Resort and Casino, Luxor Las Vegas, Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Circus Circus Las Vegas, Circus Circus Reno, Gold Strike Jean and Railroad Pass Casino.
 He also oversees Beau Rivage (Mississippi) in Biloxi and Gold Strike Tunica, both in Mississippi, as well as MGM Grand Detroit.
The Monte Carlo Resort and Casino is a megaresort hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States.
 The hotel, with a height of 360 ft , has 32 floors, featuring a 102000 sqft casino floor with 1,400 slot machines, 60 table games, and 15 poker tables.
 It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International.
 The hotel offers 2,992 guest rooms, including 259 luxury suites.
 It is being converted from late 2016 to 2018 into the Park MGM, with the upper floors converted into a boutique hotel, NoMad Las Vegas.
MGM Resorts International is a global hospitality and entertainment company operating destination resorts in Las Vegas, Mississippi, New Jersey and Detroit, including Bellagio, MGM Grand, Mandalay Bay and The Mirage.
 The company recently opened MGM National Harbor in Maryland and is developing MGM Springfield in Massachusetts.
 It has a majority interest in MGM China Holdings Limited, which owns the MGM Macau resort and casino and is developing a gaming resort in Cotai.
 MGM Resorts owns 50 percent of CityCenter in Las Vegas, which features ARIA Resort & Casino.
 It has a majority controlling interest in MGM Growth Properties, a real estate investment trust.
MGM Growth Properties LLC is a real estate investment trust that invests in large-scale destination entertainment and leisure resorts.
 As of December 31, 2016, the company owned 11 properties operated by MGM Resorts International, comprising 27,233 hotel rooms.
 The company leases the properties to MGM Resorts International via NNN Leases for an annual payment of $745 million.
Delano Las Vegas, (formerly known as THEhotel), is a 45-story 1,117 room luxury suite hotel.
 It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International.
 It is located within the Mandalay Bay complex on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 It was renovated and rebranded as the Delano Las Vegas on September 2, 2014, under a partnership between MGM and Morgans Hotel Group.
Nevada Landing was a hotel and casino designed to resemble two riverboats.
 It was located in Jean, Nevada, United States, near the California state line, within sight of Interstate 15.
 The hotel, owned by MGM Resorts International, had 303 rooms, four restaurants, over 800 slot machines (including video poker), live keno, table games, banquet facilities, and wedding services.
 The property was typically marketed with its sister hotel, the Gold Strike Hotel and Gambling Hall, located across the I-15 freeway.
Stephen Alan Wynn ("né" Weinberg; born January 27, 1942) is an American real estate businessman and art collector.
 He is known for his involvement in the American luxury casino and hotel industry.
 Early in his career he oversaw the construction and operation of several notable Las Vegas and Atlantic City hotels, including the Golden Nugget, the Golden Nugget Atlantic City, The Mirage, Treasure Island, the Bellagio, and Beau Rivage in Mississippi, and he played a pivotal role in the resurgence and expansion of the Las Vegas Strip in the 1990s.
 In 2000, Wynn sold his company Mirage Resorts to MGM Grand Inc., resulting in the formation of MGM Mirage (now MGM Resorts International).
 Wynn afterwards took his company Wynn Resorts public in an initial public offering, and he remains Wynn Resorts' CEO and Chairman of the Board.
 He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Wynn is the finance chair of the Republican National Committee (RNC) since 2017.
Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa is a hotel, casino, and spa in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.
 It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International.
 The casino hotel features 2,002 rooms and is the largest hotel in New Jersey.
 Borgata opened in July 2003 and is the top-grossing casino in Atlantic City.
