Joseph Junior Adenuga (born 19 September 1982), better known by his stage name Skepta, is a British grime artist, rapper, songwriter, record producer and music video director.
 Adenuga released his debut studio album "Greatest Hits" in late-2007 and his second, "Microphone Champion" in 2009, both independently, while his third studio album "Doin' It Again" was released in 2011 by AATW.
 His fourth studio album, "Konnichiwa", was released on 6 May 2016 to critical acclaim, winning that year's Mercury Prize.
 Skepta's brother, and labelmate is the well known grime artist Jme.
They have collaborated many times, most recently on his album "Konnichiwa".
Daniel Eugene Tyler (born 1950) is an American songwriter.
 Among his best known songs are "Bobbie Sue" (co-written with his wife, Adele), "Modern Day Romance", "Twenty Years Ago", "Somebody's Doin' Me Right", and "The Light In Your Eyes".
Alison Moira Clarkson (born 6 March 1970 in Kensington, London) better known as Betty Boo, is an English singer, songwriter and pop rap artist.
 She first came to mainstream prominence in the late 1980s and early 1990s following a collaboration with The Beatmasters and her subsequent solo career, which spawned a number of chart-placing singles, most notably in 1990 with "Doin' the Do".
Tracey Prescott & Lonesome Daddy is the debut studio album by Canadian country music trio Tracey Prescott & Lonesome Daddy.
 It was released by Columbia Records in 1992.
 It includes the top 10 single "When You're Not Loving Me".
The October Trio is a Canadian jazz trio from Vancouver consisting of Josh Cole (bass), Dan Gaucher (drums), and Evan Arntzen (saxophone).
 Formed in 2004, the three met as students at Capilano College while studying jazz.
 Their influences are cited as being diverse, ranging from Vespertine-era Björk to the Wayne Shorter Quartet to local talents.
 In March 2005, they became the regular performers at the Rime, a new music hub located in East Vancouver.
 There, they recorded their first live album, "Live at Rime" in 2005.
 The trio released their studio album, "Day In", in 2006 and in the same year, earned the title Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's Galaxie Rising Star Award for best new group at the Vancouver International Jazz Festival.
 The album was also nominated for a 2007 Western Canadian Music award for Jazz Album of the year.
 After the album, the trio began collaborating with jazz trumpeter Brad Turner in 2007 and released the album "Looks Like It’s Going to Snow" in 2009.
 Turner, had previously produced "Day In" and is also the producer for the new record.
 The album is noted for its lyricism and rich arrangements.
 One review notes that "it easily and off-handedly incorporates funk and rock elements without becoming a collection that is dominated by a backbeat aesthetic."
 The band is also noted for its rhythmic complexity, as songwriter Cole enjoys the frequent play with irregular time signatures and unusual phrase lengths.
 The trio has also opened for Dave Holland and the Monterey Quartet.
Paul Burlison (February 4, 1929 – September 27, 2003) was an American pioneer rockabilly guitarist and a founding member of The Rock and Roll Trio.
 Burlison was born in Brownsville, Tennessee, where he was exposed to music at an early age.
 After a stint in the United States Military, Burlison teamed up with Johnny and Dorsey Burnette to form The Rock and Roll Trio.
 The band released several singles, but failed to attain chart success.
 Paul is sometimes credited with being the first guitarist to intentionally record with a distorted electric guitar on the 1956 recordings, "Lonesome Train on a Lonesome Track" and "Honey Hush."
 The Trio disbanded in the fall of 1957 and Burlison moved back to Tennessee to start a family.
 There he started his own electrical subcontracting business which he ran faithfully for twenty years, taking a break when the Trio reunited in the early 1980s.
 He released his only solo album in 1997, which received positive reviews.
 Burlison remained active in the music scene until his death in 2003.
American singer and songwriter Billy Currington has released six studio albums and one compilation album, all through Mercury Nashville.
 Additionally, he has released nineteen singles to country radio.
 Eleven singles reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs or Country Airplay chart: "Must Be Doin' Somethin' Right", "Good Directions", "People Are Crazy", "That's How Country Boys Roll", "Pretty Good at Drinkin' Beer", "Let Me Down Easy", "Hey Girl", "We Are Tonight", "Don't It", "It Don't Hurt Like It Used To" and "Do I Make You Wanna".
 Three other singles have made the top 10.
"So Alive" is a song by British MC Skepta and British trio, N-Dubz.
 It was released as an official single on 6 February 2011.
 It is the fourth single released Skepta's third album "Doin' It Again" and N-Dubz's third album "Love.Live.Life".
 The single peaked at #99 on the UK Singles Chart.
"What Are We Doin' Lonesome" is a song written by Larry Gatlin, and recorded by American country music group Larry Gatlin & the Gatlin Brothers Band.
 It was released in October 1981 as the first single from the album "Not Guilty".
 The song reached number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Roddy Hart is a Scottish singer–songwriter from Glasgow.
 He has released three solo records – "Bookmarks", "Sign Language" and "Road of Bones" – and one EP "The Dylan EP" (with Irish artist Gemma Hayes).
 Hart now releases albums with his band The Lonesome Fire, the first of which was "Roddy Hart & The Lonesome Fire" produced by Patti Smith and Morrissey producer Danton Supple.
 Released in late 2013 the album was nominated for the Scottish Album of the Year Award in April 2014.
 Their second album - Swithering - was co-produced by Paul Savage (Mogwai, Emma Pollock, Admiral Fallow) and released in late 2016.
 The band made their American network TV debut on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on 17 February 2014 and proved so popular they were invited back the following week to perform a week long residency on the show.
