National Weather Service Lincoln, Illinois also known as National Weather Service Central Illinois is a weather forecast office responsible for monitoring weather conditions for 35 counties in Central and Southeastern Illinois.
 The Central Illinois office initially consisted of two forecast offices in Peoria and Springfield until the current location in Lincoln became the sole local forecast office in 1995.
 Federal meteorology offices and stations in the region date back to the 19th century when the Army Signal Service began taking weather observations using weather equipment at the Springer Building in Springfield.
 Since that time the presence of the National Weather Service greatly increased with the instillation of new weather radars, stations and forecast offices.
 The current office in Lincoln maintains a WSR-88D (NEXRAD) radar system, and Advanced Weather Interactive Processing System (AWIPS) that greatly improve forecasting in the region.
 Lincoln is in charge of weather forecasts, warnings and local statements as well as aviation weather.
The Treaty of Fort Clark (also known as the Treaty with the Osage or the Osage Treaty) was signed at Fort Osage (then called Fort Clark) on November 10, 1808 (ratified on April 28, 1810) in which the Osage Nation ceded all the land east of the fort in Missouri and Arkansas north of the Arkansas River to the United States.
 The Fort Clark treaty and the Treaty of St. Louis in which the Sac (tribe) and Fox (tribe) ceded northeastern Missouri along with northern Illinois and southern Wisconsin were the first two major treaties in the newly acquired Louisiana Purchase.
 The affected tribes, upset with the terms, were to side with the British in the War of 1812.
 Following the settlement of that war, John C. Sullivan for the United States was to survey the ceded land in 1816 (adjusting it 23 miles westward to the mouth of the Kansas River to create the Indian Boundary Line west of which and south of which virtually all tribes were to be removed in the Indian Removal Act in 1830.
Fort Osage (also known as Fort Clark or Fort Sibley) was an early 19th-century factory trading post system ran by the United States, being located in present-day Sibley, Missouri.
 The Treaty of Fort Clark was signed with certain members of the Osage Nation in 1808 calling for the creation of Fort Osage.
 It was one of three forts established by the U.S. Army to establish control over the newly acquired Louisiana Purchase territories.
 Fort Madison in SE Iowa was built to control trade and pacify Native Americans in the Upper Mississippi River region.
 Fort Belle Fontaine near St. Louis controlled the mouth of the Missouri.
 The fort ceased operations in the 1820s as the Osage in subsequent treaties ceded the rest of their land in Missouri.
 A replica of the fort was rebuilt on the site between 1948 and 1961.
 The Fort Osage school district (including Fort Osage High School), which serves northeast Independence and the surrounding area, was named after it.
KID77 (sometimes referred to as Kansas City All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves the Kansas City metropolitan area and surrounding cities.
 It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office in Pleasant Hill, Missouri with its transmitter located in Independence.
 It broadcasts weather and hazard information for the following Counties and Cities
National Weather Service – Topeka, Kansas (Abbreviation TOP) is a local National Weather Service forecast office based in Topeka, the state capital of Kansas.
 Its offices are located near Philip Billard Municipal Airport.
 It provides weather and emergency information to 23 counties in north-central, northeast, and east-central Kansas.
 Communities that rely on the Topeka Weather Office for forecasts and severe storm warnings include Abilene, Clay Center, Concordia, Council Grove, Emporia, Hiawatha, Junction City, Lawrence, Manhattan, Marysville, Ottawa, and Topeka.
The National Weather Service Boise, Idaho is a weather forecast office responsible for weather forecasts, warnings and local statements as well as aviation weather forecasts and fire weather forecasts for 3 counties in Southeast Oregon and 14 counties in Southwest and South central Idaho.
 The U.S. Weather Bureau established an office in the Sonna Building on December 1, 1898.
 Since then, the U.S Weather Bureau office, now known as the National Weather Service forecast office gained forecast responsibility of Southern Idaho on June 22, 1970 which was expanded to the entire state of Idaho in 1973.
 After modernization in 1993, the forecast responsibility was changed to Southeast Oregon and Southwest Idaho.
 The current office in Boise maintains a WSR-88D (NEXRAD) radar system, 8 Automated airport weather station (ASOS) systems and Advanced Weather Interactive Processing System (AWIPS) that greatly improve forecasting in the region.
 Continuous weather observations have been maintained for the city of Boise since February 1, 1964 about 5 months after the U.S. Army established Fort Boise.
 The post surgeon for the U.S. Army took observations until July 1, 1877 when the U.S. Signal Service, established an office downtown.
 The Signal Office was discontinued on July 1, 1890.
Osage County is the largest county by area in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.
 Created in 1907 when Oklahoma was admitted as a state, the county is named for and is home to the federally recognized Osage Nation.
 The county is coextensive with the Osage Nation Reservation, established by treaty in the 19th century when the Osage relocated there from Kansas.
 The county seat is in Pawhuska, Oklahoma, one of the first three towns established in the county.
 The total population of the county is 47,987.
The Osage Treaty (also known as the Treaty with the Osage) was signed in what became Council Grove, Kansas, on June 2, 1825 between William Clark on behalf of the United States and members of the Osage Nation.
 The accord contained fourteen articles.
 Based on the most important terms of the accord, the Osage ceded multiple territories to the United States government.
 According to the first article of the treaty, the territories ceded entailed lands lying within and west of both the State of Missouri and the Territory of Arkansas, lands lying north and west of the Red River, all territories south and east of the Kansas River, and all lands located through the Rock Saline.
 The accord was proclaimed on December 30, 1825.
National Weather Service Chicago, currently based in Romeoville, Illinois, is a weather forecast office responsible for monitoring weather conditions for 23 counties in Northern Illinois, the Chicago metropolitan area and Northwest Indiana.
 The Army Signal Service established the first federal weather office in the region in Chicago on October 15, 1870.
 During May 1894 the Chicago Weather Bureau was given a new forecast area extending from the Great Lakes region all the way to the Rocky Mountains.
 The current National Weather Service Chicago is located in Romeoville and is in charge of issuing local forecasts and weather warnings for the Chicago area.
 It is one of only two National Weather Service offices in Illinois, the other being National Weather Service Central Illinois in Lincoln, Illinois.
 The National Weather Service Chicago forecast office is located adjacent to the Lewis University Airport in Romeoville, Illinois.
Council Grove is a city and county seat in Morris County, Kansas, United States.
 This city is fifty-five miles southwest of Topeka.
 It was named after an agreement between European Americans and the Osage Nation about allowing settlers' wagon trains to pass through the area and proceed to the West.
 Pioneers gathered at a grove of trees so that wagons could band together for their trip west.
 As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,182.
