Saint Seiya: Legend of Sanctuary (聖闘士星矢 レジェンド・オブ・サンクチュアリ , Seinto Seiya Rejendo Obu Sankuchuari ) , is a 2014 Japanese CG animated fantasy martial arts action film produced by Toei Animation, directed by Keiichi Sato and written by Tomohiro Suzuki.
 It is based on the manga "Saint Seiya" by Masami Kurumada.
 It is the sixth film based on the series.
 "Legend of Sanctuary" was released in Japan on June 21, 2014 while it premiered at the Annecy International Animation Film Festival on June 11, 2014.
 It stars the voice talents of Kaito Ishikawa, Ayaka Sasaki, Kenshō Ono, Kenji Akabane, Nobuhiko Okamoto, and Kenji Nojima as the leading roles; executive producer Masami Kurumada.
 The plot focuses on five young warriors known as Saints that have the mission of protecting Saori Kido, the reincarnation of the goddess Athena from enemies in the Sanctuary.
Home is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated science fiction comedy-adventure film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 It is loosely based on Adam Rex's 2007 children's book "The True Meaning of Smekday" and starring the voices of Jim Parsons, Rihanna, Steve Martin, Jennifer Lopez, and Matt Jones.
 Tim Johnson is the director of the film, Chris Jenkins and Suzanne Buirgy are its producers, and the screenplay is by Tom J. Astle and Matt Ember.
 The story takes place on planet Earth, where an alien race called the Boov invade the planet.
 However, a girl named Gratuity "Tip" Tucci manages to avoid capture, and goes on the run with Oh, a fugitive Boov.
Chhota Bheem and the Curse of Damyaan (2012) is an Indian animation film based on the characters Chhota Bheem and his friends.This is eleventh movie in Chhota Bheem series and first movie in theatre.
 The film was made under Green Gold Animation banner in association with inox cinemas.
 The film got surprise success at box office.This movie has awarded 'Superstar of Indian Animation'.
Órlaith (older spelling: Órfhlaith, newer spelling: Órla) is an Irish language female given name.
 Orlagh is a hybrid spelling based on a merger with another suffix.
 The meaning of the name dervies from Ór, meaning "Golden" and Flaith, meaning "prince" although as names with "flaith" suffixes are almost always exclusively feminine, this is usually interpreted as meaning "princess".
 The retention of the 'fh' within the spelling maintains the ability to easily derive the true meaning of the name, but as this is silent, it is common to see this redacted.
 All spellings of the name are however pronounced the same, as "OR-la".
The True Meaning of Smekday is a 2007 children's book by Adam Rex that was highly recommended by "The New York Times".
 The book was adapted into the 2015 animated feature film "Home".
Ravi Jadhav is an Indian film personality.
 Natarang, his first film as director,Actor studied in Sir J.J Institute of Applied art won the 2009 National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Marathi.
 Some of his other films are Balak Palak, produced by Ritesh Deshmukh, and Balgandharva, which won three national awards at the 59th National Film Awards.
 "The Landscape" (duration 2.3 minutes) an animation film directed by him for Film Division, won the National Film Award for Best Non-Feature Animation Film at the 48th National Film Awards.
Baby Looney Tunes' Eggs-traordinary Adventure is a 2003 American direct-to-video animated comedy film from Warner Bros.
 Animation.
 It is the first, and only, movie based on the TV series "Baby Looney Tunes".
 The film follows the main characters from "Baby Looney Tunes" as they go on a search for the true meaning of Easter.
Crackers is a Hindi stereoscopic 3D animation film directed by Anil Goyal, and written by Priyank Dubey.
 It is produced under the 'RTM Technologies Pvt Ltd' banner, and music cassettes were sold to FilmyBox Music Company.
 Its one of India's first stereo-scopic 3D animation film, after "Haunted - 3D".
 The dubbing has been dubbed by Nikhil Dwivedi for the voice of "Gopu", Smilie Suri for the voice of "Kate", and Siraj Khan voicing over "Bolly".
 In early 2011, it was announced, that after the film's release, it also be dubbed in other languages such as English and Tamil, this has also been taken care of, as the film is a straight-to-DVD release, which on the original DVD will include the Original Dubbed' Versions.
Home: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album for "Home", a 2015 animation film based on the 2007 children book "The True Meaning of Smekday" by Adam Rex.
 It features songs recorded by Rihanna, Clarence Coffee Jr., Kiesza, Charli XCX, Jacob Plant, and Jennifer Lopez.
 It was released on March 23, 2015 through Westbury Road and Roc Nation.
 Following the announcement that Rihanna would star in the film, it was revealed she would release a concept album based on the animated film.
 As the executive producer of the soundtrack, she called on various artists to feature on the album.
 Rihanna's "Towards the Sun" and Jennifer Lopez's "Feel the Light" were released as singles to promote the album.
Home: Adventures with Tip & Oh is an American animated television series produced by DreamWorks Animation and animated by Titmouse, which debuted in July 2016 as a Netflix original series.
 It was developed by Ryan Crego and Thurop Van Orman based on the 2015 film "Home", which in turn was based on the 2007 novel "The True Meaning of Smekday" by Adam Rex.
