Let Freedom Ring is a 1939 in Sepiatone Western directed by Jack Conway, starring Nelson Eddy and Virginia Bruce.
Let Freedom Ring: Winning the War of Liberty over Liberalism
Street Language is the title of the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Rodney Crowell.
 It was released in 1986 (see 1986 in country music) by Columbia Records, his first release on that label.
 It peaked at #38 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 The songs, "Let Freedom Ring", "When I'm Free Again", "She Loves the Jerk" and "Looking for You" were released as singles but they all failed to chart within the top 20.
 This album was co-produced by R & B artist Booker T. Jones and features a blend of Soul and country music.
Let Freedom Ring, Inc. (LFR) is an American conservative advocacy organization.
Let Freedom Ring is an album by jazz saxophonist Jackie McLean, recorded in 1962 and released on the Blue Note label.
Alexander Lamont Miller (born September 24, 1968) is an American music composer and Assistant Principal Oboist with the Grand Rapids Symphony.
 Mr. Miller's 1998 composition "Let Freedom Ring", for large orchestra and narrator, is a symphonic setting of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s historic "I Have a Dream" speech and has been performed by President Bill Clinton as well as by James Earl Jones, William Warfield and Danny Glover.
 Mr. Miller's composition "Fireworks" was premiered at Carnegie Hall in 2005 as part of the Grand Rapids Symphony's 75th anniversary celebration.
 More recently, Mr. Miller's 2009 composition "Remix in D" was commissioned by the Modesto Symphony Orchestra and performed by the Grand Rapids Symphony.
Let Freedom Ring is the first extended play (EP) by Japanese singer and songwriter Hiroya Ozaki, released on 22 March 2017 by Toy's Factory.
Sally Maria Diggs (c. 1851 – ?)
 was an African-American slave girl, also known as "Pinky," whose freedom was famously bought by Henry Ward Beecher in 1860, during a sermon at Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, NY.
 Beecher famously said, "No child should be in slavery, let alone a child like this’ and raised $900 to purchase her freedom.
 The episode was celebrated in a number of paintings and drawings at the time, including Eastman Johnson's "Freedom Ring."
The Illinois Freedom Bell is located in Mount Morris, Illinois, United States, and is the official freedom bell of the U.S. state of Illinois.
 The bell was created for a church in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin as a replica of the Liberty Bell in 1862.
 In 1910, while it was being moved across the frozen Geneva Lake following a fire at the church, the ice cracked and the bell sank to the bottom of the lake.
 It was salvaged in 1960 and the village of Mount Morris acquired it in 1966.
 The Illinois Freedom Bell is rung during the annual Let Freedom Ring festival, and it can be found beneath a gazebo on the village square.
 The bell has been credited with starting an Independence Day bell-ringing tradition across the United States.
 The bell was designated the official Illinois Freedom Bell in 1971.
Freedom Ring (real name Curtis Doyle) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 The character was created by writer Robert Kirkman.
 Curtis first appeared in "Marvel Team-Up" vol.
 3 #20 (July 2006), becoming Freedom Ring in the next issue.
 He appeared across the series' storyline "Freedom Ring" for five issues.
 The character is depicted as a normal civilian who comes across a ring that grants him the ability to alter reality.
