Rostam Farrokhzād (Persian: رستم فرّخزاد) was an Iranian nobleman from the Ispahbudhan family, who served as the "spahbed" ("army chief") of Adurbadagan and Khorasan during the reign of Boran (r. 631–632) and Yazdegerd III (r. 632–651).
 Rostam is remembered as an historical figure, a character in the Persian epic poem Shahnameh, and as a touchstone of most Iranian nationalists.
Ahmad Monshi Ghomi, also known as Ghazi Ahmad, was a Persian author and calligrapher.
 He was the son of "Sharaf ed-Din Hossein Ghomi", who was the scrivener of Sam Mirza Safavi in Herat.
 Ghazi Ahmad was born in 1547 in Qom.
 When he was 11 years old, he moved with his father to Mashhad and spent 20 years in that city.
 Under protection of "Soltan Abolfath Ebrahim Mirza", he took lessons from the famous masters like "Shah Mahmoud Neishabouri", Mir Ahmad Mashhadi and Malek Deylami until the age of 31.
 Ebrahim Mirza was a well-educated man in the field of art and science and some of prominent poets, calligraphers and painters worked in his library.
 Ghazi Ahmad spent his youth in the art circles of Ebrahim Mirza's court.
 He had also relations with many painting and calligraphy masters out of Ebrahim mirza's library and because of this he could recounted many details about the artists' lives in the Safavid era.
 His works, Golestan-e Honar, introduces artists, whom he knew personally or knew about them by other trusted persons.
 He has other books like "Kholassat ot-Tavarikh", which is the history of Safavid dynasty from Safi-ad-din Ardabili to the early period of Abbas I, and also "Majma osh-Shoara" and "Managheb of-Fozala".
 In 1599, Abbas I got angry at Ghazi Ahmad and ordered his dismissal.
 After he was dismissed he went to Ghom.
 In 1607, he met "Molana Mohammad Amir Aghili Rostamdari Ardebili", who was a well-known calligrapher in that time.
 Ghazi Ahmad wrote about him in Golestan-e Honar.
Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Ahmad Boestamam is an SMK (national secondary school) in the Sitiawan region of Malaysia named after Ahmad Boestamam, a historical figure who helped in gaining independence from the British.
 The school used to be known as SMK Sitiawan.
 The school is fully government-funded and follows the Integrated Curriculum for Secondary Schools syllabus.
Bo Utas, born May 26, 1938 in Höglunda, a village in Jämtland, Sweden, is a Swedish linguist, Iranologist and chess historian.
 He is professor emeritus in Iranian languages at Uppsala University, and a scholar on Persian historical linguistics and classical Persian literature.
Khan Ahmad Khan (Gilaki/Persian: خان احمد خان‎ ‎ ), was the last king of the Karkiya dynasty in Gilan, ruling from 1538 to 1592.
 In 1591, the Safavid shah Shah Abbas (r. 1588–1629) asked Khan Ahmad Khan's daughter Yakhan Begum to marry his son Mohammad Baqer Mirza, since Khan Ahmad Khan had no male successor.
 Khan Ahmad Khan disagreed due to the age of his daughter.
 This and some other economic factors caused a Safavid raid in 1591 and Khan Ahmad Khan escaped to Ottoman territories, and spent the rest of his life in Constantinople and Baghdad, spending fruitless attempts to return to power.
 He died in 1596 and was buried in Najaf, one of the holiest cities of Shia Islam.
Harper & Row v. Nation Enterprises, 471 U.S. 539 (1985), was a United States Supreme Court decision in which public interest in learning about a historical figure’s impressions of a historic event was held not to be sufficient to show fair use of material otherwise protected by copyright.
 Defendant, "The Nation", had summarized and quoted substantially from "A Time to Heal", president Gerald Ford's forthcoming memoir of his decision to pardon former president Richard Nixon.
 When Harper & Row, who held the rights to "A Time to Heal", brought suit, "The Nation" asserted that its use of the book was protected under the doctrine of fair use, because of the great public interest in a historical figure’s account of a historic incident.
 The Court rejected this argument holding that the right of first publication was important enough to find in favor of Harper.
Artaÿctes is a historical figure described in Herodotus' "The Histories".
 Artayctes, the son of Cherasmis, was a Persian General who commanded the Macrones and Mossynoeci forces in the army of Xerxes during the second Persian invasion of Greece (480-479 BC).
 During that period, Artayctes was also a Tyrant in Sestos where he was captured and crucified by Athenian forces in 479 BC.
Abu Ahmad Muhammad bin Ali bin Muhammad al-Karaji, better known as al-Qassab, was a Muslim warrior-scholar, exegete and specialist in Hadith studies.
 He has, at times, been confused with his son Abu al-Hasan Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Ali bin Muhammad al-Karaji.
Ahmad Khan Daryabeigi (Persian: احمد خان دریابیگی‎ ‎ ) graduated from Dar ul-Funun school with degrees in engineering and military studies.
 His research in 1887 provided the landscape for official Iranian claims to its three island (Greater and Lesser Tunbs and Abu Musa).
 During Naser al-Din Shah Qajar, he became the first Iranian captain of the Persepolis Battleship in Bushehr which recently Iran had purchased from Germany and designed the first Iranian Navy uniform and later became the Lord Admiral (Maritime Frontier-Keeper)of the Persian Gulf.
 In 1893, about 22 years before the First World War, he became the Governor of Bushehr and Southern Ports and Ommanat.
 In March 1899, he conquered Port of Lingeh (Bandar Lengeh) and returned to Iran’s sovereignty.
 In 1900, he established “Madreseye Sa'adat”, the first modern school thorough the South and Persian Gulf.
 He translated "The Decameron" ( from Giovanni Boccaccio) and Nouvelli (from Augustin Eugène Scribe) between 1903-1904 from French before the Persian Constitutional Revolution of 1906.
 During constitutional revolution, he was cooperating with people such as Sardar As'ad Bakhtiari (Ali-Qoli Khan Bakhtiari), but he was against “Seyed Morteza Ahrami” (Alamal-Hoda) and “Seyed Abdolhossein Lari” and in one period he faced the wrath of “Ayatollah Kazem Khoarasani.”
 "Anjomane Nesvan" (“Female Forum”) which was held in his paternal (Mohammad Khan) and his brother (Mohammad Hosseine Khan) home, both Chief Secretaries ("Nazem Darbar") of Qajar Kings (from Naser al-Din Shah to Ahmad Shah) had become the problem of traditionalists.
 He was discharged in January 1907 after Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar came to power, but was restated in August 1907.
 He settled disputes with British in Sistan and Baluchestan Province during 1907-1908.
 He held the governorship of Bushehr and Southern Ports and Ommanat in several periods until a short time after the First World War.
 His last tenure was ended in 1921 shortly after the "coup d'état" of February 1921 and after Ahmad Shah Qajar’s return from Europe and passing through Bushehr.
 He died in August 30, 1923.
Ahmad Ebādi (1906–1993) (Persian: احمد عبادی) was an Iranian musician and setar player.
 Born in Tehran, he was a member of the most extraordinary family of Iranian music.
 Ahmad's father, Mirza Abdollah, is arguably the most influential figure in Persian traditional music, and his paternal uncle, Mirza Hossein Gholi, is also well known for his mastery in playing the tar.
 Ahmad's paternal grandfather, Ali Akbar Farahani, was also a talented musician.
