The Rampur Greyhound is a breed of dog native to the Rampur region of Northern India, which lies between Delhi and Bareilly.
 The Rampur hound is a large member of the sighthound family.
 In North West of India it is often described as a smooth-haired sighthound that is substantially built.
 It was the favored hound of the Maharajahs for jackal control, but was also used to hunt lions, tigers, leopards, and panthers.
 It was considered a test of courage for a single hound to take down a golden jackal.
 The Rampur is built to cover great distances at high speed but is also capable of great endurance.
Mick Parsons (born 1973) is an American poet, novelist, short story writer, essayist, and journalist.
 He is the author of six books.
 Three of them are Dead Machine E/Ditions: "In The Great World (small)" (his first novel),"Conversations with Carlo" (a collection of poetry), and "The Greyhound Quarto" (a small piece of non-fiction).
 The other three: "Living Broke: Short Stories", and two collections of poetry, "Lines from Another Book of Common Prayer" and "Fragments of Unidentifiable Form" were published by Publish America.
 His work has been featured on semantikon.com and has appeared in The Dispatch Litareview, The American Mythville Review, The Smoking Poet, and Antique Children.
The Borzoi ( , literally "fast"), also called the Russian wolfhound (Russian: Ру́сская псовая борзая ), is a breed of domestic dog ("Canis lupus familiaris").
 Descended from dogs brought to Russia from central Asian countries, it is similar in shape to a greyhound, and is also a member of the sighthound family.
Common Platt Greyhound Track was a greyhound racing track on Purton Road, Common Platt, near Purton, Swindon, England.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is a small to medium-sized American hunting terrier.
 Lower-set with shorter legs, more muscular, and heavier bone density than its cousin the American Rat Terrier.
 There is much diversity in the history of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier breed and it shares a common early history with the American Rat Terrier, Fox Paulistinha and Tenterfield Terrier.
 It is said the Rat Terrier background stems from the terriers or other dogs that were brought over by early English and other working class immigrants.
 Since the breed was a farm, hunting and utility dog there was little to no planned breeding other than breeding dogs with agreeable traits to each other in order to produce the desired work ethic in the dog.
 It is assumed that the Feist (dog), Bull Terrier, Smooth Fox Terrier, Manchester Terrier, Whippet, Italian Greyhound, the now extinct English White Terrier, Turnspit dog and or Wry Legged Terrier all share in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
 These early Ratting Terriers were then most likely bred to the Beagle or Beagle cross bred dogs (for increased scenting ability) and other dogs.
 Maximizing the influences from these various breeds provides the modern Teddy Roosevelt Terrier with a keen sense of awareness and prey drive, an acute sense of smell and a very high intellect.
 Although they tend to be aloof with strangers they are devoted companion dogs with a strong desire to please and be near their owners side at all times.
Wadala Sandhuan (Punjabi, Urdu: ) "(Sandhuan also spelled Sandhwan or Sundhwan)" is a town situated on the Gujranwala-Pasrur road in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
 Wadala Sandhuan is located at 32.11° North, 74.24° East.
 it is 232 meters (761 ft) above sea level and is nearly 18 km away from Gujranwala.
 This town belongs to Tehsil Daska and District Sialkot.
 The town is on the Gujranwala-Pasrur road, which allows logistical connections to the cities such as Pasrur and Gujranwala.
 It is in between Gujranwala and Pasrur.
 The town is home to grain markets which provides jobs for thousands of people.
 There are over 30 rice mills located in the area from which Shahid Brothers Rice mill is major market contributor.
 Wheat Flour Mill ( Hudaibiya Flour & General Mills ) is under construction, making it one of the major wheat grain contributor to markets in the Punjab region.
 This is one of the most beautiful town in its surroundings.
 There are vast green fields and gardens around the town.
 It shares the borders with some small towns and villages such as Kotli Kheran, Gopipur, Rampur, Chakri, Jhang, Dherowali, Ramke etc.
 Punjabi and Mewati are the local language, but Urdu is also common, particularly in schools and offices.Lahore Sialkot Motorway M11 is passing through.
 It shall intersect 18 KM Gujranwal Pasrur Road and an interchange will be near Hudaibeya Flour Mills which will link to Pasrur, Satrah, Mianwali Bangla, Siranwali, Wadala Sandhuan, Dahrmkot Chock, Talwandi Musa Khan Gujranwala and surroundings.
 This Mega project will enhance and improve the Business , Educational, and Social activites in Wadala Sandhuan and Surroundings.
Babesia canis is a parasite which infects red blood cells and can lead to anemia.
 This is a species that falls under the overarching genus Babesia.
 "Babesia canis" is transmitted by the brown dog tick ("Rhipicephalus sanguineus") and is one of the most common piroplasm infections.
 The brown dog tick is adapted to warmer climate, therefore most infections come from the southern and southeastern United States and from California, especially in shelters and greyhound kennels.
 "Babesia canis" is also predominately in Europe and transmitted by "Dermacentor" ticks with an alarming increase in infections due to people traveling with their pets.
The Daranghati Sanctuary is located in Shimla District Rampur Bushahr , Himachal Pradesh, India.
 It has undisturbed forest areas.
 Monal, Tragopan, Koklas and Kalij are the "pheasants" found here.
 Some of the common animals found here are Musk deer, Goral and Thar.
 Forest staff posted at Dofda and Sarahan is there for advice and guidance.
The Utah Parks Company, a subsidiary of Union Pacific Railroad, owned and operated restaurants, lodging, and bus tours in Bryce Canyon and Zion National Parks, the north rim of Grand Canyon National Park, and Cedar Breaks National Monument from the 1920s until 1972.
 Operating as a concessionaire of the National Park Service, the company operated from a base in Cedar City, Utah.
 The company's bus tours connected there with Union Pacific trains as well as tour buses from Los Angeles, San Francisco and other west coast cities, and offered a loop tour of the region's parks and monuments, escorted by a Utah Parks Company driver/guide.
 The company also owned the landmark El Escalante Hotel in Cedar City where visitors intending to take the park loop on a Utah Parks Company bus were required to stay their first night in Cedar City.
 The venerable El Escalante was especially well known to escorts in the 1960s, many from Greyhound Bus Lines, arriving via bus for a tour of the Parks.
 With up to 39 travelers per tour, the groups confronted the El Escalante, offering only 23 rooms, some sharing bathrooms.
 It was a common joke among escorts that if you could survive that first night at the El Escalante with a full tour, you could survive most anything.
Greyhound Lines, Inc., usually shortened to Greyhound, is an intercity bus common carrier serving over 3,800 destinations across North America.
 The company's first route began in Hibbing, Minnesota in 1914, and the company adopted the name "The Greyhound Corporation" in 1929.
 Since October 2007, Greyhound has been a subsidiary of British transportation company FirstGroup, but continues to be based in Dallas, Texas, where it has been headquartered since 1987.
 Greyhound and sister companies in FirstGroup America are the largest motorcoach operators in the United States and Canada.
