The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) and colloquially Great Britain (GB) or simply Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe.
 Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland, the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain, the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland and many smaller islands.
 Northern Ireland is the only part of the United Kingdom that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland.
 Apart from this land border, the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world.
 The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland.
 With an area of 242500 km2 , the United Kingdom is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe.
 It is also the 21st-most populous country, with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants.
 Together, this makes it the fourth-most densely populated country in the European Union (EU).
There has not been a government of England since 1707 when the Kingdom of England ceased to exist as a sovereign state, as it merged with the Kingdom of Scotland to form the Kingdom of Great Britain.
 Kingdom of Great Britain continued from 1707 until 1801 when it merged with the Kingdom of Ireland to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, which itself became the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (UK) in 1922 (in reality; in name in 1927) upon independence for most of the island of Ireland.
 The UK since then has gone through significant change to its system of government, with devolved parliaments, assemblies and governments in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
 England, however, remains under the full jurisdiction, on all matters, of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the UK government as no devolved administration has been created for England within the new structure.
 This situation has led to the anomaly, known as the West Lothian question, which is that Scottish Members of Parliament (MPs) are able to vote on legislation that affects only England whereas English MPs can not vote on certain Scottish matters due to devolution.
 In some cases, such as top-up university tuition fees and foundation hospitals, the votes of Scottish MPs have been crucial in helping pass legislation for England that the majority of English MPs have opposed.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland competed as Great Britain in the 2010 Winter Olympics held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
 The United Kingdom was represented by the British Olympic Association (BOA), and the team of selected athletes was officially known as Team GB.
 The team was made up of athletes from the whole United Kingdom including Northern Ireland, whose athletes may elect to hold Irish citizenship, allowing them to represent either Great Britain or Ireland.
 Additionally some British overseas territories compete separately from Britain in Olympic competition.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland was established as a sovereign state on 1 January 1801 by the Acts of Union 1800, which merged the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland.
 The growing desire for an Irish Republic led to the Irish War of Independence, which resulted in Ireland seceding from the Union and forming the Irish Free State in 1922.
 Northern Ireland remained part of the United Kingdom, and the state was consequently renamed the "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland".
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland competed as Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
 The United Kingdom was represented by the British Olympic Association (BOA), and the team of selected athletes was officially known as Team GB.
 Britain is one of only five NOCs to have competed in every modern Summer Olympic Games since 1896.
 The delegation of 547 people included 311 competitors – 168 men, 143 women – and 236 officials.
 The team was made up of athletes from the whole United Kingdom including Northern Ireland (whose people may elect to hold Irish citizenship and are able to be selected to represent either Great Britain or Ireland at the Olympics).
 Additionally some British overseas territories compete separately from Britain in Olympic competition.
Tory William Pitt the Younger led the government of the Kingdom of Great Britain from 1783 to 1801.
 In 1800, the Acts of Union between Great Britain and Ireland were accepted by their respective parliaments, creating the new United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, which would be governed by the former Parliament of Great Britain, now the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
 Pitt governed this new state for the first month of its existence, until differences with King George III over Catholic Emancipation caused him to resign.
There have been 12 monarchs of the Kingdom of Great Britain and the United Kingdom (see Monarchy of the United Kingdom) since the merger of the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland on 1 May 1707.
 England and Scotland had been in personal union under the House of Stuart since 24 March 1603.
 On 1 January 1801, Great Britain merged with the Kingdom of Ireland (also previously in personal union with Great Britain) to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
 After most of Ireland left the union on 6 December 1922, its name was amended on 12 April 1927 to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland competed as Great Britain at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016.
 The United Kingdom was represented by the British Olympic Association (BOA), and the team of selected athletes was also known as Team GB.
 British athletes have appeared in every Summer Olympic Games of the modern era, alongside Australia, France, Greece, and Switzerland, though Great Britain is the only country to have won at least one gold medal at all of them.
 Although the British Olympic Association is the National Olympic Committee (NOC) for Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Northern Irish athletes can choose whether to compete for Great Britain or for the Republic of Ireland, as they are entitled to citizenship of either nation under the Good Friday Agreement.
 In 2016 Northern Ireland born representatives in Team GB included returning rowers Alan Campbell, Peter Chambers and Richard Chambers, archer Patrick Huston and four members of the men's field hockey team: David Ames, Mark Gleghorne, Iain Lewers and Ian Sloan.
 The team also represents, and included representation from, the Crown dependencies, among which were Guernsey's Heather Watson and Carl Hester, and from the ten of the thirteen British Overseas Territories represented by the BOA rather than their own NOC, whose representatives include Turks and Caicos-born sprinter Delano Williams and Anguillan-born long jumper Shara Proctor
Irish migration to Great Britain has occurred from the earliest recorded history to the present.
 There has been a continuous movement of people between the islands of Ireland and Great Britain due to their proximity.
 This tide has ebbed and flowed in response to politics, economics and social conditions of both places.
 Ireland was a feudal Lordship of the Kings of England between 1171 and 1541; a Kingdom in personal union with the Kingdom of England and Kingdom of Great Britain between 1542 and 1801; and politically united with Great Britain as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland between 1801 and 1922.
 Today, Ireland is divided between the independent Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
A monarchical system of government existed in Ireland from ancient times until, for what became the Republic of Ireland, the mid-twentieth century.
 Northern Ireland, as part of the United Kingdom, remains under a monarchical system of government.
 The Gaelic kingdoms of Ireland ended with the Norman invasion of Ireland, when the kingdom became a fief of the Holy See under the Lordship of the King of England.
 This lasted until the Parliament of Ireland conferred the crown of Ireland upon King Henry VIII of England during the English Reformation.
 The monarch of England held the crowns of England and Ireland in a personal union.
 The Union of the Crowns in 1603 expanded the personal union to include Scotland.
 The personal union between England and Scotland became a political union with the enactments of the Acts of Union 1707, which created the Kingdom of Great Britain.
 The crowns of Great Britain and Ireland remained in personal union until it was ended by the Acts of Union 1800, which united Ireland and Great Britain into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from January 1801 until December 1922.
