For Future Reference is the only studio album to be released by the British synthpop band Dramatis.
 The album itself failed to reach the UK Albums Chart, however, one of the three singles released from the album, "Love Needs No Disguise" with Gary Numan providing vocals reached number 33 on the UK Singles Chart.
 The other singles from the album were "Ex Luna Scientia" and "Oh!
 Twenty Twenty Five"—titled "Oh!
 2025" on the album.
 The album was reissued on CD in 2000 and retitled The Dramatis Project.
 The reissue was also credited to Tubeway Army featuring Gary Numan, despite Numan's only contribution being the vocal to "Love Needs No Disguise".
New Man Numan: The Best of Gary Numan is a compilation album released on the T.V. Records label in 1982 of songs featuring Gary Numan.
 The album reached number 45 on the UK Albums Chart.
The Thought Criminals is a London, UK based electronic band, formed by Kirlian Blue (synths, backing vocals) and Rocky Goode (vocals, lyrics) in 2004.
 Their debut album was "Die Young : Stay Pretty" (2008, WTII Records), made with dance producer Tony Messenger and mixer Rob Henry of Children of The Bong.
 Their last release was the single "All The Freaks" (August 2009, Dirty Electro/WTII Records).
 In 2011 Danny Fades joined the band as bassist.
 "The Thought Criminals conjure early 80's style electropop in the vein of, Frankie Goes to Hollywood, Soft Cell, New Order, Gary Numan, OMD, etc".
 "The band’s sound contains audible traces of Gary Numan, Tik and Tok, Nine Inch Nails and a gorgeously dark sense of humour which will leave a little smile on your face."
<ref name="Demon Pigeon Review 09/11/2010">, Demon Pigeon Review by Nina Saeidi 14 September 2010.
</ref> "Take one part Numan-esque glamour, one part Soft Cell'ish sleaze and sultriness and one part Prodigy inspired punk rock and you'll still be nowhere close to describing the hyper-kinetik sound of London's self-proclaimed electro-sluts."
"Crazier" is a single released in 2003 by Gary Numan in collaboration with Rico (billed as Gary Numan vs Rico).
 "Crazier" became Numan's first new single to make the Top 20 in almost two decades, reaching number 13 on the UK Singles Chart and was one of three new tracks recorded for the album "Hybrid".
 It was released on three CD singles. "
Kerrang!
 TV" playlisted the video for the song which was voted in at #1 for the station as did "Rip" the previous year.
 It also made #2 on the station's ringtone chart.
The Best of Gary Numan 1978–1983 is a double disc compilation album of Gary Numan's singles and selected album tracks released on the Beggars Banquet Records label.
 The album peaked at #70 on the UK Album Chart, and was promoted by a remixed re-release of Numan's 1979 hit "Cars" ('93 Sprint).
 Both the original version and the remixed version appear on the album.
Outland is the thirteenth studio album by electropop pioneer Gary Numan, released in 1991.
 It was Numan's second and last studio album to be released by IRS Records.
 It reached Number 39 on the UK charts.
 The songs "Heart" and "My World Storm" were released as singles; "Heart" charted at Number 43, while "My World Storm" eventually became a US-only promo single after a planned UK release was shelved due to the inner turmoil at the label around the release of the album.
 The latter however reached Number 46 on the US dance chart.
Tubeway Army were a London-based electronic and new wave band led by lead singer Gary Numan.
 They were the first band of the electronic era to have a synthesiser-based number-one hit, with their single "Are 'Friends' Electric?
" and its parent album "Replicas" both topping the UK charts in mid-1979.
 After its release, Numan opted to drop the Tubeway Army name and release music under his own name as he was the sole songwriter, producer and public face of the band, but he retained the musicians from Tubeway Army as his backing band.
"Cars" is a 1979 song by British artist Gary Numan, released as a single from the album "The Pleasure Principle".
 It reached the top of the charts in several countries, and today is considered a new wave staple.
 In the UK charts, it reached number 1 in 1979, and in 1980 hit number 1 in Canada two weeks running on the "RPM" national singles chart and rose to number 9 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Though Numan had a string of hits in the UK, "Cars" was his only song in the US Hot 100.
 It debuted on the American Top 40 on 29 March 1980 and spent a total of 17 weeks in the AT40, peaking at #9.
 "Cars" was released under the 'Atco' label, with the catalogue number of 7211.
Jagged is the eighteenth studio album by the musician Gary Numan, his first original album in over five years, following "Pure" in 2000.
 Stylistically "Jagged" was a development of its predecessor's chorus-driven, anthemic industrial sound, utilising heavier electronics and more prominent live drumming.
 Although reaction to the new record was predominantly positive, critical opinion was more heavily divided than had been the case with the almost universal praise enjoyed by "Pure".
 Reaching number 59 in the UK album charts, "Jagged" charted no higher than the earlier release, some commentators and fans regarding the long time between albums as a missed opportunity for consolidation in the wake of "Pure"'s reception and the number 13 UK chart position attained by Numan's 2003 single with Rico, "Crazier".
 "Jagged" was the first album issued on Numan's own Mortal Records label, licensed to Cooking Vinyl.
 The US release, on Metropolis Records, included an alternate mix of "Fold" as a bonus track.
 In April Numan embarked on a tour of the UK, Europe and North America to promote the album.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Gary Numan, a British singer, songwriter and musician.
 Numan (born Gary Webb, 1958) released his first record in 1978 as part of the outfit Tubeway Army.
 Initially unsuccessful, the band scored a huge hit in 1979 with the single "Are Friends Electric" and their second album "Replicas", both of which reached number one in the UK.
 Numan then decided to release further recordings under his own name, beginning with the single "Cars" later in 1979.
 Both this and the subsequent album "The Pleasure Principle" also reached number one in the UK, and Numan became a leading force in the British electronic music scene.
 He scored a third number one album in 1980 with "Telekon", and further more hit singles and albums until the mid 1980s when his popularity waned.
 Despite this, he has continued to record and tour on a regular basis up to the present day.
 His latest studio album, "Savage (Songs from a Broken World)" was released on 15 September 2017, entering the UK Albums Chart at no. 2—Numan's highest chart peak since 1980.
