Snorre Serigstad Valen (born 16 September 1984 in Oslo) is a Norwegian musician and politician (SV).
 He was elected to the Stortinget from Sør-Trøndelag in 2009, and has been deputy head of the party since November 2015.
 Valen previously worked as a communications assistant at NTNU Social Research.
Joseph Eugene Stiglitz ( ; born February 9, 1943) is an American economist and a professor at Columbia University.
 He is a recipient of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences (2001) and the John Bates Clark Medal (1979).
 He is a former senior vice president and chief economist of the World Bank and is a former member and chairman of the (US president's) Council of Economic Advisers.
 He is known for his support of Georgist public finance theory and for his critical view of the management of globalization, of "laissez-faire" economists (whom he calls "free market fundamentalists"), and of international institutions such as the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.
Janice Caryl "Jan" Eberly (born c. 1964) is an American economist.
 Since 2002 she has been the James R. and Helen D. Russell Distinguished Professor of Finance at the Kellogg School of Management of Northwestern University.
 She served from 2011 to 2013 as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and Chief Economist of the United States Department of the Treasury.
 She was named a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2013.
 Her research focuses on the intersection of macroeconomics and finance.
David R. Malpass (born March 8, 1956) is an American economist who currently serves as Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs.
 He previously served as Deputy Assistant Treasury Secretary under President Ronald Reagan, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State under President George H. W. Bush, and Chief Economist at Bear Stearns for the six years preceding its collapse.
 During the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Malpass served as an economic advisor to Donald Trump.
 In March 2017, Trump announced that Malpass would be his nominee for undersecretary for international affairs in the United States Department of the Treasury.
 Malpass was confirmed for the position by the United States Senate on August 3, 2017.
Joseph A. Loftus (1907–1990) was a 20th-Century American reporter for "The New York Times" who covered unions, like the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, extensively and later worked as a communications assistant to George P. Shultz at the U.S. Department of Labor and U.S. Department of the Treasury.
Adam Lerrick is an American economist and government official.
 Currently serving as Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Finance, he is Donald Trump's nominee for Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Finance.
 Lerrick has served as an economist at the American Enterprise Institute.
Karen Dynan is an American economist.
 She previously served as the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and Chief Economist of the United States Department of the Treasury.
 From 2009 to 2013, Dr. Dynan was the vice president and co-director of the Economic Studies program at the Brookings Institution.
 Prior to joining Brookings, she served on the staff of the Federal Reserve Board for 17 years.
 Dr. Dynan is an expert on macroeconomic policy.
Timothy Joseph "Tim" Kane (born April 28, 1968) is an American economist, currently serving as a research Fellow at the Hoover Institution and editor of "Peregrine", a journal on immigration to the United States.
 He was formerly the chief economist at the Hudson Institute, a Senior Fellow of the Kauffman Institute, and was Director of the Center for International Trade and Economics at the Heritage Foundation.
 He was the lead editor of the "2007 Index of Economic Freedom", co-published by "The Wall Street Journal" and the Heritage Foundation, and is the author of the book "Bleeding Talent: How the U.S. Military Mismanages Great Leaders and Why It's Time for a Revolution".
 Kane co-authored the book, "Balance: How Great Powers Lost It and How America Can Regain It" with Glenn Hubbard.
Alicia Haydock Munnell (born December 6, 1942) is an American economist who is the Peter F. Drucker Professor of Management Sciences at Boston College's Carroll School of Management.
 Educated at Wellesley College, Boston University, and Harvard University, Munnell spent 20 years as an economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, where she researched wealth, savings, and retirement among American workers.
 She served in the Bill Clinton administration as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and as a member of the Council of Economic Advisers.
 Since 1997 she has been a professor at Boston College and director of its Center for Retirement Research, where she writes on retirement income policy.
Ted Gayer (born May 8, 1970) is an American economist.
 He is the vice president and director of the Economic Studies Program and the Joseph A. Pechman Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution.
 He was an associate professor at Georgetown Public Policy Institute from 2004-2009, previously served as deputy assistant secretary for Microeconomic Analysis at the Department of the Treasury from 2007-2008, and was a senior economist on the President’s Council of Economic Advisers from 2003-2004.
 He is a former member of the EPA’s Science Advisory Board and has served on the EPA’s Superfund Benefits Analysis Advisory Committee and as an expert evaluator of the natural resources management indicator for the Millennium Challenge Corporation.
 From 1999 to 2001, Gayer was a Robert Wood Johnson Scholar in Health Policy Research at the University of California, Berkeley.
 In the summer of 2006 he was a Lone Mountain Fellow at the Property and Environment Research Center.
 From 2006 to 2007 he was a visiting fellow at the Public Policy Institute of California, and from 2004to 2006 he was a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.
