The Pakistan Environmental Protection Agency (Urdu: ‎ , abbreviated as PEPA), is an executive agency Government of Pakistan managed by the Ministry of Environment.
 The agency is charged with protecting human health and the environment by writing and enforcing regulation based on laws passed by Parliament.
 The Pak-EPA was proposed by the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif; it began operations in 1997 after Parliament passed a law to establish a federal executive agency.
 The agency is led by an appointed director-general, who is appointed by the Prime Minister on the advice of the Minister for Environment.
 The current director-general is Farzana Altaf Shah.
 Pak-EPA is not a Cabinet department, but the director-general is normally given the cabinet rank.
 Farzana Altaf Shah was recently permoted to the cabinet rank .
She is the first female Director General appointed on 17 October 2016.
The Reindeer Act or Reindeer Industry Act of 1937 is a United States federal law passed in 1937 by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on September 1 of that year.
 The act effectively prohibited the ownership of reindeer herds in Alaska by non-Native Americans.
 The act was intended to provide for Alaskan natives and to allow them to establish a self-sustaining industry.
 Authority to promulgate rules regarding the ownership and maintenance of reindeer herds was delegated to the Bureau of Indian Affairs via the Secretary of the Interior, who banned most transactions to non-natives.
 The act was modeled in part on Norwegian and Swedish policies on the ownership of reindeer by the Sami people of Lapland.
 Many Sami had arrived in Alaska to manage the reindeer in the 1930s.
 The Alaskan Sami were required to sell their herds to the government, and many left Alaska after doing so.
The Distribution of Industry Act 1950 was an Act of Parliament passed in the United Kingdom by the Labour government of Clement Attlee.
 It strengthened the powers of the Board of Trade in the Development Areas, making “further provision for the acquisition of land, creation of easements and carrying out of work in development areas.”
 It also authorized “the Board of Trade “to make grants, in exceptional cases in connection with the establishment in, or transfer to, development areas of industrial undertakings, and to make grants or loans to housing associations for the provision of dwellings in development areas.”
 In addition, the Act also provided for payments towards the cost of removal and resettlement of key workers and their dependants.
The letters of last resort are four identically-worded handwritten letters from the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom to the commanding officers of the four British ballistic missile submarines.
 They contain orders on what action to take in the event that an enemy nuclear strike has destroyed the British government and has killed or otherwise incapacitated both the Prime Minister and the "second person" (normally a high-ranking member of the Cabinet) whom the Prime Minister has designated to make a decision on how to act in the event of the Prime Minister's death.
 In the event that the orders were to be carried out, the action taken could be the last official act of Her Majesty's Government.
The Prime Minister of Northern Ireland was the head of the Government of Northern Ireland between 1921 and 1972.
 No such office was provided for in the Government of Ireland Act 1920, however the Lord Lieutenant, as with Governors-General in other Westminster Systems such as in Canada, chose to appoint someone to head the executive even though no such post existed in statute law.
 The office-holder assumed the title "Prime Minister" to draw parallels with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
 On the advice of the new Prime Minister, the Lord Lieutenant then created the "Department of the Prime Minister".
 The office of Prime Minister of Northern Ireland was abolished in 1972, along with the contemporary government, when direct rule of Northern Ireland was transferred to London.
The Industry Act 1975 (c. 68) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed by Harold Wilson's Labour government.
The Honours (Prevention of Abuses) Act 1925 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, that makes the sale of peerages or any other honours illegal.
 It was brought in after the Coalition government of David Lloyd George was severely embarrassed by the sale of honours, for the personal financial gain of the Prime Minister.
 The practice was legal and dated back several decades, Lloyd George made the practice more systematic and more brazen, charging £10,000 for a knighthood, £30,000 for baronetcy, and £50,000 upwards for a peerage.
 Prime Minister Lloyd George in mid-1922 was fast losing his political support, and his sales were denounced in the House of Lords as an abuse of the Prime Minister's powers of patronage.
György Gordon Bajnai (] ; born 5 March 1968) is a Hungarian entrepreneur and economist, who served as the seventh Prime Minister of Hungary from 2009 to 2010.
 In March 2009, following Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsány's announced resignation, Bajnai was nominated by the ruling Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) to become Hungary's next prime minister.
 Bajnai became prime minister when the parliament passed a constructive motion of no-confidence against Ferenc Gyurcsány on 14 April 2009.
A deputy prime minister or vice prime minister is, in some countries, a government minister who can take the position of acting prime minister when the prime minister is temporarily absent.
 The position is often likened to that of a vice president, but is significantly different even though both positions are "number two" offices.
 The position of deputy prime minister should not be confused with the Canadian Deputy Minister of the Prime Minister of Canada, a nonpolitical civil servant position.
 Also, the Deputy Prime Minister of Canada does not act as a "number two".
The Bush–Aznar memo is reportedly a documentation of a February 22, 2003 conversation in Crawford, Texas between US president George W. Bush, Prime Minister of Spain José María Aznar, National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice, Daniel Fried, Alberto Carnero, and Javier Rupérez, the Spanish ambassador to the U.S. British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Italian Prime Minister Berlusconi participated by telephone.
 Rupérez transcribed the meeting's details which "El País", a Madrid daily newspaper, published on September 26, 2007.
 The conversation focuses on the efforts of the US, UK, and Spain to get a second resolution passed by the United Nations Security Council.
 This "second resolution" would have followed Resolution 1441.
 Supporters of the resolution also referred to it as the "eighteenth resolution" in reference to the 17 UN resolutions that Iraq had failed to comply with.
