The United States presidential election of 2012 was the 57th quadrennial American presidential election.
 It was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012.
 The Democratic nominee, incumbent President Barack Obama, and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, were elected to a second term, defeating the Republican nominee, former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney and his running mate, Representative and future House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
The 2016 Michigan Democratic primary took place on March 8 in the U.S. state of Michigan as one of the Democratic Party's primaries ahead of the 2016 presidential election.
The United States presidential election of 1964 was the 45th quadrennial presidential election.
 It was held on Tuesday, November 3, 1964.
 Democratic candidate and incumbent President Lyndon B. Johnson had come to office less than a year earlier following the assassination of his predecessor John F. Kennedy.
 Johnson, who had successfully associated himself with Kennedy’s popularity, won 61.1% of the popular vote, the highest win by a candidate since James Monroe’s re-election in 1820.
 It was the most lopsided US presidential election in terms of popular votes, and the tenth-most lopsided presidential election in the history of the United States in terms of electoral votes.
 No candidate for president since has equalled or surpassed Johnson’s percentage of the popular vote, and since 1820, only Abraham Lincoln in 1864, Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936, Richard Nixon in 1972 and Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1984 have won by a greater electoral vote margin.
The United States presidential election of 2020, scheduled for Tuesday, November 3, 2020, will be the 59th quadrennial U.S. presidential election.
 Voters will select presidential electors who in turn will either elect a new president and vice president through the electoral college or re-elect the incumbents.
 The series of presidential primary elections and caucuses are likely to be held during the first six months of 2020.
 This nominating process is also an indirect election, where voters cast ballots selecting a slate of delegates to a political party's nominating convention, who then in turn elect their party's presidential nominee.
The United States presidential election of 1960 was the 44th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 8, 1960.
 The Republican Party nominated incumbent Vice President Richard Nixon, while the Democratic Party nominated John F. Kennedy, U.S. Senator from Massachusetts.
 The incumbent President, Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower, was not eligible for re-election after being elected the maximum two times allowed by the Twenty-second Amendment; he was the first President denied the choice to run for a third term by that amendment.
 This was the first presidential election in which residents in Alaska and Hawaii were able to participate, as both had become states in 1959.
The United States presidential election of 1968 was the 46th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 5, 1968.
 The Republican nominee, former Vice President Richard Nixon, won the election over the Democratic nominee, incumbent Vice President Hubert Humphrey.
 Analysts have argued the election of 1968 was a major realigning election as it permanently disrupted the New Deal Coalition that had dominated presidential politics for 36 years.
The United States presidential election of 1892 was the 27th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 8, 1892.
 It witnessed a re-match of the closely contested presidential election in 1888.
 Former Democratic President Grover Cleveland and incumbent Republican President Benjamin Harrison both ran for election to a second term.
 In 1888, Cleveland won the popular vote over Harrison, but lost in the electoral college.
 In a re-match, Cleveland won both the popular and electoral vote, thus becoming the first and to date only person in American history to be elected to a second, non-consecutive presidential term.
 The new Populist Party, formed by groups from The Grange, the Farmers' Alliances, and the Knights of Labor, also fielded a ticket; they polled best in the West, winning in five states and taking a total of 22 electoral votes.
The United States presidential election of 1976 was the 48th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 2, 1976.
 The winner was the Dark horse candidate Jimmy Carter, a former Governor from Georgia with his running mate, Walter Mondale, a U.S. Senator from Minnesota, the Democratic candidates, over the incumbent President Gerald Ford from Michigan and his running mate, Bob Dole, a U.S. Senator from Kansas, the Republican candidates.
The United States presidential election of 2016 was the 58th quadrennial American presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 8, 2016.
 In a surprise victory, the Republican ticket of businessman Donald Trump and Indiana Governor Mike Pence defeated the Democratic ticket of former First Lady, U.S. Senator of New York and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and U.S. Senator from Virginia Tim Kaine.
 Trump took office as the 45th President, and Pence as the 48th Vice President, on January 20, 2017.
 Concurrent with the presidential election, Senate, House, and many gubernatorial and state and local elections were also held on November 8.
The United States presidential election of 2044, scheduled for Tuesday, November 8, 2044, will be the 65th quadrennial U.S. presidential election.
 Voters will select presidential electors who in turn will either elect a new president and vice president through the electoral college or re-elect the incumbents.
 The series of presidential primary elections and caucuses are likely to be held during the first six months of 2044.
 This nominating process is also an indirect election, where voters cast ballots selecting a slate of delegates to a political party's nominating convention, who then in turn elect their party's presidential nominee.
