Richard Bentley (24 October 1794 – 10 September 1871) was a 19th-century English publisher born into a family of publishers.
 He started a firm with his brother in 1819.
 Ten years later, he went into partnership with the publisher Henry Colburn.
 Although the business was often successful, publishing the famous "Standard Novels" series, the two men ended their partnership three years later in great acrimony.
 During the 1830s and early 1840s, Bentley successfully ran his own publishing firm, establishing the profitable and well-regarded "Bentley's Miscellany".
 However, he and its editor, Charles Dickens, quarrelled, and the periodical went into decline after Dickens left.
 After 1843, Bentley's business started to falter, as hard economic times set in.
 He was forced to sell many of the copyrights he had purchased as well as "Bentley's Miscellany".
 Only 15 years later did his business recover and he began initiating projects again.
 In 1867, he was injured in an accident at a railway station and he suffered ill health after that until his death four years later.
"Son of Your Father" is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin.
 It is the fourth track on his third studio album, "Tumbleweed Connection".
 The lyrics tell of an argument between two men (one blind) on "an East Virginia Farm."
 After a while, their argument leads to death because the two men did not follow the golden rule as stated in the lyrics (but in different words).
 It is the only song off "Tumbleweed Connection" John has never performed in concert.
Gilbert and Sullivan refers to the Victorian-era theatrical partnership of the librettist W. S. Gilbert (1836–1911) and the composer Arthur Sullivan (1842–1900) and to the works they jointly created.
 The two men collaborated on fourteen comic operas between 1871 and 1896, of which "H.M.S. Pinafore", "The Pirates of Penzance" and "The Mikado" are among the best known.
Women for Golden Hill (German: Frauen für Golden Hill) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Erich Waschneck and starring Kirsten Heiberg, Viktor Staal and Elfie Mayerhofer.
 The fim's sets were designed by the art directors Gustav A. Knauer and Alexander Mügge.
 The all-male inhabitants of an Australian mining camp send off for some mail order brides from Sydney.
 Two men refuse to join in, but their friend secretly arranges for two wives for them.
 Unfortunately one of them proves to be his own abandoned wife, who takes up with him again.
 This means a love triangle develops between the two men around the remaining woman.
The Big V is a semi-professional basketball league in Victoria, Australia.
 The league comprises 12 competitions, with its two main ones being the men's (SCM) and women's (SCW) State Championship divisions.
 Below the SCM and SCW is: Division One Men (D1M), Division One Women (D1W), Division Two Men (D2M), and Division Two Women (D1W).
 The remaining six competitions are youth divisions, with those being: Victorian Youth Championship Men (VYCM), Victorian Youth Championship Women (VYCW), Youth League One Men (YL1M), Youth League One Women (YL1W), Youth League Two Men (YL2M), and Youth League Two Women (YL2W).
The Italian Co-Belligerent Navy (Marina Cobelligerante Italiana), or Navy of the South (Marina del Sud) or Royal Navy (Regia Marina), was the navy of the Italian royalist forces fighting on the side of the Allies in southern Italy after the Allied armistice with Italy in September 1943.
 The Italian seamen fighting for this navy no longer fought for Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
 Their allegiance was to King Victor Emmanuel and Marshal of Italy ("Maresciallo d'Italia") Pietro Badoglio, the men who ousted Mussolini.
Konstantinos Mavromichalis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Μαυρομιχάλης ; Mani, 1797 – Nauplio, 1831), brother of the Bey of Mani Petros Mavromichalis, was a commander of Maniot forces during the Greek War of Independence and the assassin of the first head of state of Greece, Ioannis Capodistrias.
 Along with Demetrius Ypsilanti, he commanded the forces that saved Nauplio from Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt.
 When two of his brothers, Tzanis Mavromichalis and Petros were captured by government forces under Capodistrias, Konstantinos and the old bey's son Georgios Mavromichalis decided to take revenge.
 On 9 October [O.S. 27 September] 1831 , the two Maniots were waiting by the doors of the church St. Spyridonas.
 The Governor of Greece recognised the two men and was worried.
 But before he could do anything the two men attacked him.
 Konstantinos shot the Governor through the head and his nephew stabbed Capodistrias through the heart.
 As the Maniot was escaping, he was shot by one of Capodistrias' bodyguards and by General Fotomaras who had watched the murder scene from his home window.
 Running half dead through the streets of Nauplio, Konstantinos was shot several times before he died.
 The angry citizens of the city dragged his body and threw it off a cliff called the Arvanitis.
 His nephew was captured alive and executed by a firing squad.
Medardo Ángel Silva (born June 8, 1898 at Guayaquil; died June 10, 1919 at the same city) was an Ecuadorian poet and a member of the "Generación decapitada".
 The "Decapitated Generation" was a group of four young Ecuadorian poets in the first decades of the 20th century.
 Two men from Guayaquil, Medardo Ángel Silva and Ernesto Noboa y Caamaño, and two men from Quito, Arturo Borja and Humberto Fierro, were the precursors of "modernismo" in Ecuador.
 These four writers were greatly influenced by the modernist movement of Rubén Darío and by 19th-century French romantic poetry.
 Though they knew each other and dedicated poems to each other, they never met together to create a true literary group.
 The term "generación decapitada" originated in the middle of the 20th century, when Ecuadorian journalists and historians decided to name them, noting similarities in the authors' poetry.
A batog is a rod or stick about the thickness of a man's finger traditionally used for corporal punishment in Russia.
 The condemned was stretched on the floor face down with his back exposed while two men sat on him, one holding down the arms the other on the legs.
 The two men would then begin beating the victim across the back, replacing the batogs if they broke, until ordered to stop.
 The punishment was not usually fatal.
 Peter the Great used this form of punishment, along with much harsher measures such as the breaking wheel, during the Streltsy Uprising in 1698.
Field Marshal Sir Frederick Paul Haines (10 August 1819 – 11 June 1909) was a British Army officer.
 He fought in the First Anglo-Sikh War, in the Second Anglo-Sikh War and then in the Crimean War: during the latter conflict at the Battle of Inkerman, he held an important barrier on the post road guarding the approach to the 2nd Division camp for six hours.
 He served in India during the Indian Rebellion before becoming Commanding Officer of the 8th Regiment of Foot in the United Kingdom and then Commander of a Brigade in Ireland.
 He went on to be General Officer Commanding the Mysore Division of the Madras Army and then Quartermaster-General to the Forces in the United Kingdom.
 He returned to India to become Commander-in-Chief of the Madras Army in May 1871 and then Commander-in-Chief, India in April 1876: he commanded the forces in India during the Second Anglo-Afghan War and successfully argued for a large force being made available before mobilisation occurred, but once the war started the Governor-General of India, Lord Lytton, was inclined to by-pass Haines and deal direct with commanders in the field, causing friction between the two men.
