Ranbir Chander Sobti is an Indian educationist, cell biologist and the vice chancellor of the Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University, Lucknow.
 He is a former vice chancellor of the Punjab University, Chandigarh, holding the post from 2006 to 2012.
 He is known to have involved in advanced research in plant genetic studies and has written over 240 articles, and 22 books including "Essentials of Biotechnology" and "Emerging Trends in Biomedical Science and Health".
 He is an elected Fellow of several major science academies such as Indian National Science Academy, National Academy of Agricultural Sciences, National Academy of Medical Sciences, National Academy of Sciences, India, and Punjab Academy of Sciences.
 The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2009, for his contributions to Literature and Education.
Deputy Vice-Chancellor commonly called DVC is the deputy to the Vice Chancellor who is the administrative and educational head of a University in Commonwealth countries.
 The deputy vice chancellor often act on the instruction of the vice chancellor and report directly to the Vice Chancellor.
Aaron Brower (born January 9, 1958) is provost and vice chancellor at the University of Wisconsin-Extension.
 Brower previously served as interim chancellor at the University of Wisconsin Colleges & University of Wisconsin-Extension through 2014, and interim provost and vice chancellor at the University of Wisconsin-Extension and as special assistant to UW System President Kevin P. Reilly for new educational strategies from August 2012 through 2013.
 As provost and vice chancellor, Brower helped create and continues to lead the innovative UW Flexible Option Program, the first competency-based educational model delivered by a public higher education system.
 Previously, he served as vice provost for teaching and learning at UW-Madison, and he continues there as a professor in the School of Social Work, Integrated Liberal Studies, and Educational Leadership and Policy Analysis.
 He received his B.A.
 in Psychology from the University of Michigan in 1980, and by 1985 had received his M.S.W., M.A. in Psychology, and Ph.D. in Social Work and Psychology from the University of Michigan.
R. Lalthantluanga (born 1 March 1947) is a retired professor of biochemistry and the former vice chancellor of Mizoram University, India.
 He is the first Mizo to become vice chancellor of Indian universities, and he is the third vice chancellor of Mizoram University.
 He is the former head, professor and founding faculty of the Department of Biochemistry, Dean of School of Life Sciences, and pro-vice-chancellor of North Eastern Hill University.
Professor Clifford Nii Boi Tagoe (born 6 October 1949) is a Ghanaian academic who is the former Vice Chancellor of the University of Ghana.
 He has been teaching anatomy for over 25 years in Ghana and abroad and in 2000 he became Professor of Anatomy and Dean at the University of Ghana Medical School.
 In 2005, he became acting vice chancellor of the university.
 He served for five years and was succeeded in 2010 by Ernest Aryeetey.
A. N. Prabhu Deva is the former vice chancellor of Bangalore University.
 He was the director of Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology before getting appointed as VC of Bangalore University.
Professor Ram G Takwale is a former Vice Chancellor of the University of Pune from 1978 to 1984, a former Vice Chancellor of the Indira Gandhi National Open University and former Chairman of National Assessment and Accreditation Council.
Nahzeem Olufemi Mimiko born on 1 May 1960 is a Nigerian educational administrator and former vice chancellor of Adekunle Ajasin University, a state-owned university named after the former governor of Ondo State, Nigeria.
 The university was ranked the best state university by the United State Transparency International Standard (USTIS) in April 2014.
 Mimiko is the only vice chancellor delegate at the National Conference in Nigeria held in 2014 under the administration of President Goodluck Jonathan.
 Mimiko assumed office in January 2010 and was preceded by Philip Olayede Abiodun.
Shambhu Dayal Sinvhal (1923 - 2015) was an Indian mathematician, astronomist and a former vice chancellor of Kumaon University.
 Born on 20 November 1923 at Indore in the largest Indian state of Madhya Pradesh to B. D. Sinvhal and Tara Devi, he started his career as a member of the faculty of the department of mathematics and astronomy at Lucknow University in 1946 where he worked till 1954.
 During this period, he secured a doctoral degree (PhD) in mathematics from Lucknow in 1951.
 In 1954, he resigned from the university to take up the post of an assistant astronomer at Uttar Pradesh State Observatory and became its director in 1960, a post he held till his superannuation 1978.
 He also worked as a professor at the University of Rourkee at the department of Earth Sciences.
 In 1978, he was appointed as the vice chancellor of Kumaon University.
Frederick Ian Bantubano Kayanja is a Ugandan physician, academic, and academic administrator.
 He has been the chancellor of Gulu University, a public institution of higher education, since October 2014, replacing Martin Aliker.
 He is a former vice chancellor of the Mbarara University of Science and Technology.
 He assumed that position in 1989 and stepped down in October 2014.
 Before that, he served as the deputy vice chancellor of Makerere University, the oldest and largest public university in Uganda.
