Althea Thauberger was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in 1970.
 She is currently based in Vancouver.
 Thauberger obtained her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Photography at Concordia University in 2000 and went on to complete her Master of Fine Arts at the University of Victoria in 2002.
 In 2003, Thauberger was awarded a Vancouver Arts Development Award and was a regional finalist for the Sobey Art Award.
 Her internationally produced and exhibited work typically involves interactions with a group or community that result in performances, films, videos, audio recordings and books, and involve sometimes provocative reflections of social, political, institutional and aesthetic power relations.
 Her work has been presented at the 17th Biennale of Sydney; National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa; The Andy Warhol Museum, Pittsburgh; Guangzhou Triennial, China; Manifesta 7, Trento, Italy; Morris and Helen Belkin Art Gallery, Vancouver; Vancouver Art Gallery; BAK, Utrecht; Künstlerhaus Bethanien, Berlin; Kunstverein Wolfsburg, Germany; Art Gallery of Nova Scotia, Halifax; Singapore History Museum; Presentation House Gallery, Vancouver; Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst, Antwerp; Berkeley Art Museum; Insite, San Diego/Tijuana; White Columns, New York; Seattle Art Museum and the 2012 Liverpool Biennial.
 Thauberger participated in the 2014 Biennale de Montréal.
 In 2008 Thauberger was one of eight artists in the "Exponential Futures" show at the Morris and Helen Belkin Art Gallery, alongside Tim Lee, Alex Morrison, Kevin Schmidt, Corin Sworn, Isabelle Pauwells, Elizabeth Zvonar and Marc Soo.
Madame Moitessier is the title of a portrait of Marie-Clotilde-Inès Moitessier (née de Foucauld) begun in 1844 and completed in 1856 by Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres.
 The portrait, which depicts Madame Moitessier seated, is now in the National Gallery in London.
 "Madame Moitessier" is also the title of a second portrait by Ingres, which depicts her standing; it was painted in 1851 and is now in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C..
Self-Portrait at the Age of 34 is a self-portrait by Rembrandt, dating to 1640 and now in the National Gallery, London.
 The painting is one of many self-portraits by Rembrandt, in both painting and etching, to show the artist in a fancy costume from the previous century.
 In this case specific influences in the pose have long been recognised from Raphael's "Portrait of Baldassare Castiglione" (now Louvre) and Titian's "A Man with a Quilted Sleeve" (in 2017 called "Portrait of Gerolamo?
 Barbarigo") in the National Gallery.
 Rembrandt saw both of these in Amsterdam, in his day the centre of Europe's art trade, and made a sketch of the Raphael, with its price.
Lady Caroline Howard (1778) is an oil on canvas portrait by Joshua Reynolds.
 Lady Caroline was the daughter of Frederick Howard, 5th Earl of Carlisle, and Margaret Caroline Howard.
 She was a spirited child, according to her father, and was seven years old when she sat to Reynolds.
 The portrait was commissioned by the Earl, and exhibited in 1779 at the Royal Academy before it was hung in Castle Howard.
 Reynolds was a chief proponent of the Grand Manner and, to that end, the roses Lady Caroline plucks from an urn may have been intended to suggest Chastity, Beauty, and Love, the attributes of Venus and the Three Graces.
 The NGA writes "Reynolds has captured some of Lady Caroline's complexity in the serious, intent expression of her attractive face, her averted gaze, and the tension implied in her closed left hand ... the painting is broadly and fluidly executed in thick, opaque layers, with thin translucent glazes in the background."
 National Gallery of Art acquired the portrait in 1937.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) is an art gallery in London housing a collection of portraits of historically important and famous British people.
 It was the first portrait gallery in the world when it opened in 1856.
 The gallery moved in 1896 to its current site at St Martin's Place, off Trafalgar Square, and adjoining the National Gallery.
 It has been expanded twice since then.
 The National Portrait Gallery also has regional outposts at Beningbrough Hall in Yorkshire and Montacute House in Somerset.
 It is unconnected to the Scottish National Portrait Gallery in Edinburgh, with which its remit overlaps.
 The gallery is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
The List of painters in the National Gallery of Art is a list of the named artists in the National Gallery of Art whose works there comprise oil paintings, gouaches, tempera paintings, and pastels.
 The online collection contains roughly 4,000 paintings by 1,000 artists, but only named painters with the previously mentioned techniques are listed alphabetically here.
 The artist's name is followed by a title of one of their works and its ID number.
 For artists with more than one work in the collection, or for works by unnamed or unattributed artists, see the National Gallery of Art website or the corresponding Wikimedia Commons category.
 Of artists listed, there are only 18 women, including Rosalba Carriera, Mary Cassatt, Angelica Kauffmann, Judith Leyster, Georgia O'Keeffe, Elisabeth Louise Vigée-LeBrun, and Marguerite Zorach.
The National Gallery of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian: "Umjetnička galerija Bosne i Hercegovine" / Умјетинчка галерија Босне и Херцеговине) is a national gallery of art in Bosnia and Herzegovina, located in Sarajevo.
 The gallery was established on October 11, 1946, and contains over 6000 pieces of art.
 Its main focus are the works of Bosnian and Herzegovinian interest.
 The gallery was open and held exhibitions during the whole period of the siege of Sarajevo and the Bosnian war in 1992-1995.
 However, afterwards it received considerably less funding due to the failure of the government of Bosnia and Herzegovina to recognize the gallery as a national institution.
Lady Elizabeth Delmé and Her Children (1779) is an oil on canvas portrait by Joshua Reynolds.
 It was given to the National Gallery of Art in 1937.
 The NGA describes the work as a "majestic group portrait".
The National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden is the most recent addition to the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. in the United States.
 It is located on the National Mall between the National Gallery's West Building and the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of Natural History.
The Canadian Museum of Contemporary Photography (CMCP) (French: "Le Musée canadien de la photographie contemporaine" (MCPC)) was a gallery of Canadian contemporary art and documentary photography.
 Founded in 1985 and affiliated to the National Gallery of Canada, it was housed at the National Gallery of Canada, located at 380 Sussex Drive, Ottawa.
 The CMCP did not have a permanent home until it moved to its purpose-built site at 1 Rideau Canal in 1992.
 The Pavilion entrance building, which was opened on May 7, 1992, was originally proposed by architect Michael Lundhom, who adapted an old railway tunnel running alongside the Chateau Laurier.
 The museum ultimately was designed and executed by architects Rysavy Rysavy.
 The glass and concrete entrance from the street, reminiscent of the colonnade leading into the National Gallery, lead patrons down to the main part of the museum which was located below street level.
 Its founding director and chief curator was Martha Langford, who held those positions from 1985 until 1994.
