Ralph Edmund Stanley (February 25, 1927 – June 23, 2016), also known as Dr. Ralph Stanley, was an American bluegrass artist, known for his distinctive singing and banjo playing.
 Stanley began playing music in 1946, originally with his brother Carter as part of The Stanley Brothers, and most often as the leader of his band, The Clinch Mountain Boys.
The Stanley Brothers were an American bluegrass duo made up of brothers Carter Stanley (1925–1966) and Ralph Stanley (1927–2016).
 Ralph and Carter performed as The Stanley Brothers with their band, The Clinch Mountain Boys, from 1946 to 1966.
 Ralph kept the band name when he continued as a solo after Carter's death, from 1967 until his own death in 2016.
Leslie Keith (March 30, 1906 – December 28, 1977) was an American bluegrass musician.
 Known as a formidable fiddler who won many contests, Keith once played with Ralph Stanley and the Clinch Mountain Boys, as well as The Stanley Brothers.
 He is best known for the tune he put together out of pieces of older tunes, "Black Mountain Rag".
The Johnson Mountain Boys were a popular bluegrass band throughout the 1980s from the Washington, D.C. area.
 Their style favored a more traditional approach to bluegrass than some of their contemporaries.
 They released ten albums and toured widely, playing venues such as Madison Square Garden, The White House, the Lincoln Center and the Grand Ole Opry in the United States.
 Other tours took them around the world to England, Japan, and Africa.
 The group was frequently recognized with nominations for Grammy Awards, International Bluegrass Music Awards, and awards from the Society for the Preservation of Bluegrass Music in America.
 Many of the band's members are still active in other musical groups and settings.
Vernon Crawford (Jack) Cooke (December 6, 1936 – December 1, 2009) was a bluegrass music vocalist and instrumentalist, known for playing the guitar and bass with artists such as Bill Monroe and Ralph Stanley and the Clinch Mountain Boys.
 He was one of nine siblings (four brothers and four sisters) and was a native of Norton, Virginia.
Carter Glen Stanley (August 27, 1925 – December 1, 1966) was a bluegrass music lead singer, songwriter, and rhythm guitar player.
 He formed "The Stanley Brothers and The Clinch Mountain Boys" band together with his brother Ralph.
 The Stanley Brothers are generally acknowledged as the first band after Bill Monroe & the Blue Grass Boys to play in the bluegrass genre.
 According to some historians, their recording of "Molly and Tenbrooks" (aka "The Racehorse Song") marked the beginning of bluegrass as a genre.
George Shuffler (April 11, 1925 – April 7, 2014) was an American bluegrass guitar player and an early practitioner of the crosspicking style.
 During his career Shuffler played with The Bailey Brothers, The Stanley Brothers and Ralph Stanley's Clinch Mountain Boys.
 He was a 2007 recipient of the North Carolina Heritage Award and in 2011 was elected to the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame.
James Alan Shelton (November 3, 1960 – June 3, 2014) was an American bluegrass guitarist.
 Shelton was a solo musician, released 10 albums, and performed with the Clinch Mountain Boys.
The Huck Finn Jubilee Bluegrass Music Festival or simply The Huck Finn Jubilee is an annual three-day bluegrass event held in Ontario, California.
 It is held during the second weekend in June at the Cucamonga-Guasti Regional Park and features RV and tent camping, traditional "Americana" activities, and live bluegrass music.
 The festival also features activities, such as greased pole climbing, tomahawk throwing, pie eating, river rafting, and arts and crafts.
 The event is also the West Coast’s biggest bluegrass festival, with acts such as The String Cheese Incident, Ralph Stanley, Steve Martin & the Steep Canyon Rangers, and Rhonda Vincent.
 On September 30, 2016 the Greater Ontario Convention & Visitors Bureau announced that 2016 would be the last festival sponsored by it at the Cucamonga-Guasti Regional Park.
Josh Graves (September 27, 1927 Tellico Plains, Monroe County, Tennessee – September 30, 2006), born Burkett Howard Graves, was an American bluegrass musician.
 Also known by the nicknames "Buck," and "Uncle Josh," he is credited with introducing the resonator guitar (commonly known under the trade name of Dobro) into bluegrass music shortly after joining Lester Flatt, Earl Scruggs and the Foggy Mountain Boys in 1955.
 He was inducted into the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor in 1977.
