U.S. national anthem protests are protests during a broadcast of the United States National Anthem.
 These protests have many causes, including civil rights, anti-conscription and anti-war, anti-nationalism, and religious reservations. "
The Star-Spangled Banner" was adopted as the official national anthem by U.S. President Woodrow Wilson in 1916, and was made the national anthem by a congressional resolution on March 3, 1931.
 Before that time, a number of songs were used as unofficial national anthems, including "My Country, 'Tis of Thee" and "Hail, Columbia".
Sønner av Norge (originally "Sønner af Norge", literally "Sons of Norway") is the common title of the anthem Norsk Nationalsang (literally, "Norwegian National Anthem"), which was the "de facto" national anthem of Norway from 1820 until the early 20th century.
 From the mid-1860s, "Ja, vi elsker dette landet" gradually came to occupy the unofficial position as national anthem, but was used alongside "Sønner af Norge" until the early 20th century, with "Sønner af Norge" being preferred in official situations.
"Mu isamaa on minu arm" became a very popular patriotic song when a new melody was written by Gustav Ernesaks in 1944.
 Since 1947, it is always performed at the ending of the Song Festival "Tallinna üldlaulupidu".
 The song may be confused with the Estonian national anthem because of the similar title and opening notes.
 During the Soviet regime "My Fatherland is My Love" became something of an unofficial national anthem.
"Ten Guitars" is a 1967 song by the English singer Engelbert Humperdinck.
 It was the B-side to his single "Release Me".
 The song is especially well known in New Zealand, where it has become a beloved folk song and is considered by some to be the "unofficial national anthem" of New Zealand.
"Waltzing Matilda" is Australia's best-known bush ballad, and has been described as the country's "unofficial national anthem".
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean" is an American patriotic song which was popular in the United States during the 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Composed in about 1843, it was long used as an unofficial national anthem of the United States, in competition with other songs, and was featured in the 1957 musical "The Music Man".
 In 1969, "Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean" was the music performed by a U.S. Navy Band embarked aboard "USS Hornet" as one of the ship's helicopters recovered the first humans to walk on the Moon from the Pacific Ocean.
"God Save the South" is a poem turned song by American writer George Henry Miles (as "Ernest Halpin") written in 1861.
 It is considered by some to be an unofficial national anthem of the Confederate States of America.
 The commonly heard version was composed by Charles W. A. Ellerbrock, while C. T. De Cœniél composed a different tune for the song.
"Giovinezza" (] ; Italian for "youth") is the official hymn of the Italian National Fascist Party, regime, and army, and was the unofficial national anthem of Italy between 1924 and 1943.
 Although often sung with the official national anthem Marcia Reale, some sources consider Giovinezza to have supplanted the Royal March as the "de facto" national anthem ("Inno della Patria") of Italy, to the dismay of Victor Emmanuel III of Italy—a powerful symbol of the diarchy between the King and Mussolini.
 It was subsequently the official anthem of the Italian Social Republic.
Quand nos Aïeux brisèrent leurs entraves (English: "When Our Fathers Broke Their Chains" ) was the unofficial national anthem of Haiti from 1893 to 1903.
 The lyrics was written by the Oswald Durand, a Haitian writer and poet.
Empetrum rubrum, known as red crowberry or diddle-dee (Chilean Spanish: "Murtilla de Magallanes"), is a species of plant in the Ericaceae family with a distributional range in Chile from Talca (35°S) to Cape Horn (55°S); in areas of adjacent Argentina; in the Falkland Islands; and in Tristan da Cunha.
 One of its northernmost natural growing places is Laguna del Maule.
 In Chile this species often grows in high altitude areas close to the tree line and can tolerate alpine conditions such as strong winds and high sun exposure.
 In the Falkland Islands it is the dominant species across large areas of lowland and upland dwarf shrub heath, and is referenced in the islands' unofficial national anthem.
 Its fruits are edible.
