John Lowell McLaren (born September 29, 1951) is a former Major League Baseball coach and manager, best known for his brief tenure as manager of the Seattle Mariners, from July 1, to June 19, .
 A native of the Houston, Texas area, McLaren was a catcher in the Houston Astros minor league system from 1970–1976, and later managed in the Toronto Blue Jays minor league system.
 He became a major league coach with the Blue Jays in 1986 and has since held major league coaching positions with the Mariners, Boston Red Sox, Cincinnati Reds, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, and Washington Nationals.
 He also served as a coach for the United States national baseball team during the 2006 World Baseball Classic, spent two nonconsecutive seasons as a scout in the Devil Rays/Rays organization, and was interim manager of the Nationals for three games in 2011.
 He was employed as a professional scout for the Oakland Athletics organization from 2012–2015.
 He will be the catching coach for the Philadelphia Phillies under manager Pete Mackanin for the 2016 season.
The Myrtle Beach Blue Jays were a minor league baseball team based in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
 They began play in the South Atlantic League in 1987 after being relocated from Florence, South Carolina (Florence Blue Jays).
 They played at the 3500 seat Coastal Carolina College Stadium (and later as Charles Watson Stadium) and were a minor league club of the Toronto Blue Jays.
 During this time the Hurricanes would see players such as Carlos Delgado; Steve Karsay; Derek Bell; Pat Hentgen and Chris Weinke would wear their uniform.
 The club was renamed the Myrtle Beach Hurricanes in 1991.
 The team was sold after the 1992 season and relocated to Maryland as the Hagerstown Suns (replacing an Eastern League franchise of the same name).
Christian Matthew "Chris" Michalak (born January 4, 1971) is a former Major League Baseball left-handed pitcher.
 When Michalak played for the Toronto Blue Jays in 2001, he was popular with fans for his relatively advanced age at which he made his Major League debut, appearing as a sort of underdog, as well as having the best move in all of baseball for throwing out a potential base-stealer at first base.
 Michalak played for the Washington Nationals Triple-A affiliate, the Columbus Clippers, in .
 On June 14, 2008, Michalak signed a minor league contract with the Florida Marlins and was assigned to their Triple-A affiliate, the Albuquerque Isotopes.
 After his release from the Marlins organization, he signed with the Oakland Athletics and assigned to their Double-A affiliate, the Midland RockHounds, on August 2, 2008.
 He became a free agent at the end of the season.
 On April 26, 2009, Michalak signed a minor league deal with the Toronto Blue Jays.
Christopher Jon Weinke (born July 31, 1972) is an American football coach and former player.
 Weinke is a former professional American football and baseball player.
 After spending six years in the Toronto Blue Jays minor league baseball system, he enrolled at Florida State University at the age of 26, and played quarterback for the Florida State Seminoles.
 He thereafter played professionally in the NFL, where he spent most of his career with the Carolina Panthers.
The 1993 Toronto Blue Jays season was the franchise's 17th season of Major League Baseball.
 It resulted in the Blue Jays finishing first in the American League East with a record of 95 wins and 67 losses.
 They were shut out only once in 162 regular-season games.
 The Blue Jays would repeat as World Champions and become the first back-to-back champions since the 1977–1978 New York Yankees.
 The American League Championship Series would see the Blue Jays play the Chicago White Sox.
 After defeating the White Sox in six games, the Blue Jays would beat the Philadelphia Phillies in the World Series, also in six games.
 The team would not qualify for the post-season again until the 2015 season.
Thomas F. Cheek (June 13, 1939 – October 9, 2005) was an American sportscaster who is best remembered today as the original "Voice of the Toronto Blue Jays", Cheek announced Major League Baseball (MLB) games for the Toronto Blue Jays on radio, as the play-by-play announcer, from the team's establishment in 1977 until his retirement in 2004, in which he had a 27-year streak of 4,306 consecutive games plus 41 post-season games called, which lasted from the first ever Blue Jays game on April 7, 1977 to June 3, 2004.
 Cheek was inducted to the Blue Jays Level of Excellence in 2004.
The 1999 Toronto Blue Jays season was the franchise's 23rd season of Major League Baseball.
 It resulted in the Blue Jays finishing third in the American League East with a record of 84 wins and 78 losses.
 The team set a franchise record for most runs scored in a season (883) and hits in a season (1,580).
 The previous Blue Jays records for most runs scored and most hits in a season were set in 1993 when the Jays scored 847 runs and collected 1,556 hits.
 Conversely, the Blue Jays pitching staff gave up the most runs of any Blue Jays team since 1979.
The 1997 Toronto Blue Jays season was the franchise's 21st season of Major League Baseball.
 It resulted in the Blue Jays finishing fifth in the American League East with a record of 76 wins and 86 losses.
 With a massive re-design of their logos and uniforms, the Blue Jays attempted to re-establish themselves in the American League East by signing Roger Clemens via Free Agency and bringing All-Stars Carlos García and Orlando Merced through trade.
 Although Clemens rejuvenated himself with the Blue Jays (en route to one of the best-ever single seasons by a starting pitcher, winning the Cy Young Award and the pitchers' triple crown), both Garcia and Merced ended up being flops as dismal overall hitting and an inconsistent bullpen doomed the Blue Jays once again to a last-place finish.
 1997 also marked the end of the road for manager Cito Gaston, being fired near the end of the season (Gaston would eventually return to the team in 2008).
 Longtime fan-favourite Joe Carter also played in his final season for the Blue Jays, as he was released at the end of the season.
The Toronto Blue Jays farm system consists of eight Minor League Baseball affiliates across the United States and in Canada and the Dominican Republic.
 Five teams are independently owned, while three—the Dunedin Blue Jays, Gulf Coast League Blue Jays and Dominican Summer League Blue Jays—are owned by the major league club.
The Florence Blue Jays were a minor league baseball team based in Florence, South Carolina.
 They began play in the South Atlantic League in 1981 where they captured the league title in 1985.
 After the 1986 season the team relocated and became the Myrtle Beach Blue Jays (now the Hagerstown Suns).
 They were a minor league club of the Toronto Blue Jays and played at American Legion Stadium.
