William R. Roush is an American organic chemist.
 He was born on February 20, 1952 in Chula Vista, California.
 Roush studied chemistry at the University of California Los Angeles (B.S. 1974) and Harvard University (Ph.D. 1977 under Robert Burns Woodward).
 Following a year postdoctoral appointment at Harvard, he joined that faculty at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 In 1987, Dr. Roush moved to Indiana University and was promoted to Professor in 1989 and Distinguished Professor in 1995.
 Two years later, he moved to the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and served as the Warner Lambert/Parke Davis Professor of Chemistry.
 He served as chair of the University of Michigan's Department of Chemistry from 2002-2004.
 In 2004 Professor Roush relocated with his group to the Jupiter, Florida campus of the Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) where he currently serves as Professor of Chemistry, Associate Dean of the TSRI graduate program and Executive Director of Medicinal Chemistry.
City University is an accredited private university in Selangor, Malaysia.
 It was founded in April 1984 by a group of scholars in local public and overseas universities.
 Its chairman is Professor Emeritus Dato’ Dr. Mohd Sham Mohd Sani, the first Emeritus Professor and a former Vice Chancellor of National University of Malaysia.
 Its head of academics is Professor Juhari Samidi, the former Dean of Accounting of Universiti Teknologi Mara.
 Its head of research is Professor A. Selvanathan, who served as Director of both Economic Planning Unit (EPU) of Prime Minister's Department (Malaysia) and Commonwealth Secretariat , as Advisor to United Nations and as Professor of Southern Cross University .
 Its programs are accredited by the Malaysian Qualifications Agency.
 CityU is one of the gazetted Malaysian universities that are officially recognized by Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China.
 All programs are taught in English.
 It regularly invites distinguished persons to speak on its campus; past speakers include the Deputy Minister for Ministry of Higher Education (Malaysia), the Australian High Commissioner to Malaysia, the Indian High Commissioner to Malaysia, the Secretary-General of World Youth Organisation International, and professors from overseas universities.
Professor Ernest Maduabuchi Ojukwu (born 23 September 1960), is the immediate past Deputy Director-General and Head of Campus of the Nigerian Law School, Augustine Nnamani Campus, Agbani Enugu.
 Before his appointment, he was Associate Professor and Dean Faculty of Law, Abia State University, Uturu from 1995-2001.
 He is also the President of the Network of University Legal Aid Institutions (NULAI Nigeria), the platform through which he has continued to achieve his dreams of promoting clinical legal & justice education and reform of legal education in Nigeria.
 On Monday 22 September 2014, Ernest Ojukwu was conferred with the rank of Senior Advocate of Nigeria at the Supreme Court of Nigeria following his appointment on 12 July 2014 by the Legal Practitioners Privileges Committee, LPPC.
 He is Partner at the Law Firm of OFY Lawyers (www.ofy-lawyers.com) and Professor of Law at Madonna University.
Midway College School of Pharmacy was a proposed private pharmacy school planned to open in Paintsville, Kentucky, United States.
 Announced to the public on January 11, 2010, the school planned to open on Big Sandy Community and Technical College's Mayo Campus in the fall of 2011.
 The college was to be housed on the Big Sandy campus until the permanent campus was complete.
 A self-contained campus, consisting of two 60000 ft2 , buildings were completed.
 Dr. William B. Drake Jr., former president of Midway College, was expecting an enrollment of 320 when fully operational.
 It would have been the third pharmacy school in Kentucky (the other two being University of Kentucky College of Pharmacy and Sullivan University College of Pharmacy).
 The school was part of Midway College, a private liberal arts college located in Midway, Kentucky.
Benjamin James Bahan is a professor of ASL and Deaf Studies at Gallaudet University and a member of the Deaf community.
 He is an influential figure in American Sign Language literature as a storyteller and writer of Deaf culture.
 He is known for the stories "The Ball Story" and "Birds of a Different Feather".
 He is known for writing the book "A Journey into the Deaf-World" (1996) with Robert J. Hoffmeister and Harlan Lane.
 Bahan also co-wrote and co-directed the film "Audism Unveiled" (2008) with his colleague Dirksen Bauman.
Sign Gene is an upcoming Italian and American superhero film about Deaf superheroes starring Emilio Insolera, Carola Insolera, Ben Bahan, Hiroshi Vava, Humberto Insolera and Danny Gong.
 The story centres on a Deaf agent from New York City carrier of a powerful genetic mutation sent to Japan with his colleague to investigate the various intriguing crimes committed by Japanese Deaf mutants.
 The villains, like the agents, can create superhuman powers through Sign language.
The Central University of South Bihar (CUSB) is one of the sixteen newly established Central Universities by the Government of India under the Central Universities Act, 2009 (Section 25 of 2009).
 The university is located at the premises of Birla Institute of Technology, Patna (BIT Campus, P.O.- B.V. College, Patna – 800 014).
 The university is likely to be relocated to Panchanpur, approximately 10 km from Gaya on Defence land to be transferred soon.
 The area near Panchanpur where the university campus is to be started has good natural scenic beauty with lots of greenery.
 It takes about 15 minutes by road from Gaya Railway Station to the University Campus.
 The closest village to the campus is Dariyapur easily visible from the main gate of the University Campus.
 The decision of the central government to build the university campus in Gaya has many advantages since the location of Gaya and Panchapur is very strategic with International exposure.
 Bodh Gaya can be reached within 30-35 mins by road from the university campus.
 Since the campus is very big, it may provide excellent environment of education.
 Keeping in view of the permanent location of the university at Gaya, it has been decided to launch new academic programmes at Gaya.
 It operates from a temporary campus on the grounds of Birla Institute of Technology, Patna.
 The university will now have its own campus in Gaya.
 On 28 February 2014, Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar laid the foundation stone of the Central University of South Bihar at Gaya.
 It will be spread in 300 acre campus.
 After establishment of Mahatama Gandhi Central University in Motihari after the Central Universities (Amendment) Act 2014 is passed in Rajya Sabha, the university will be renamed to Central University of South Bihar.
 Third Central University in Bihar will be established at Vikramshila in Bhagalpur.
American Sign Language literature (or ASL literature) refers to stories, poetry, dramatic productions, folk tales, and even songs in American Sign Language.
 ASL literature can denote works translated from other literatures into ASL, like Patrick Graybill's translation of the poem "Not Waving, but Drowning", or more often, works composed originally in ASL itself.
 Other notable performers of ASL literature include Ben Bahan, Ella Mae Lentz, Sam Supalla, and Clayton Valli.
Ruth Agnes Daly (born 1958) is an American astrophysicist.
 She obtained a B.A. in Psychology and English from Boston College in 1979 and then switched fields to study Astronomy and Physics at Boston University.
 She obtained her Masters and Ph.D. in Astronomy and Physics from Boston University in 1984 and 1987, respectively, working with thesis advisers Alan P. Marscher and Sheldon Lee Glashow.
 She was a NATO-NSF Postdoctoral Fellow at the Institute of Astronomy in Cambridge from 1987 to 1988, sponsored by Sir Martin Rees.
 She joined the Physics Department at Princeton University in 1988, first as a Research Associate (1988 to 1989), then as an Instructor (1989 to 1990), and finally as an Assistant Professor (1990 to 1998).
 She joined the faculty at Bucknell University in 1998, and the faculty at the Pennsylvania State University at the Berks Campus in 1999.
 She is currently a Professor of Physics at Penn State University, Berks campus.
David Hassan, PhD (born 16 November 1972, Derry, Northern Ireland) is an academic, writer, and current Associate Dean of the Faculty of Life and Health Sciences (Global Engagement) at Ulster University.
 He is also Professor of Sport Policy and Management at the University, which has an international reputation for sports scholarship.
 Professor Hassan has also held research leadership positions at Ulster, most recently as the Head of the Research Graduate School for the Faculty of Life and Health Sciences, home to some 340 Phd students.
 In 2016 he was also appointed Provost of the Belfast campus of Ulster University, which is currently undergoing a £250 million redevelopment.
 He is known internationally for his collaborative work with the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), the world governing body of motorsport, and has a close working relationship with its President Jean Todt and Vice-President Mohammed Ben Sulayem.
