Nebraska Highway 52 is a highway in central Nebraska.
 It is 25.89 mi in length and runs at a southeast-to-northwest angle, though signed north–south.
 The south terminus is at an intersection with Nebraska Highway 14 north of Fullerton.
 The northern terminus is located north of Primrose at an intersection with Nebraska Highway 91.
The Rice Ridge Fire is a wildfire burning northeast of Seeley Lake in the Lolo National Forest in Montana in the United States.
 The fire, which was started by a lightning strike on July 24, 2017, became a megafire on September 3, growing from 40000 acre to over 100000 acre , at which time it became the national #1 wildfire priority as of early September, 2017.
 It was caused by lightning on July 24.
 Located north and east of Seeley Lake, Montana, over 700 firefighting personnel were assigned to the blaze, primarily active in a mountainous lodgepole and mixed conifer forest.
 The fire had burned 155900 acre and at one point threatened over 1,000 homes in Powell County and Missoula County including the town of Seeley Lake, Montana and ares north of Highway 200, east of Highway 83.
 Evacuation orders included parts of Powell County north of Montana Highway 200<ref name="9/5 evac"> </ref> areas east of Montana Highway 83, and evacuation warnings for other sections of the forest within Missoula County.
<ref name="evac9/3"> </ref>
Eatonville is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 It is located west of the central core in the former suburb of Etobicoke.
 Eatonville is bisected by Highway 427, with the community generally located north of Dundas Street West and south of Rathburn Road.
 Eatonville consists mainly of low density residential homes (constructed primarily in the 1950s east of Highway 427, and in the 1960s and 1970s west of Highway 427).
 The main arterial roads in the community, such as The West Mall, The East Mall and Burnhamthorpe Road, contain a mix of rental and condominium high-rise apartments and townhouses.
 There are two shopping malls in the neighbourhood, Cloverdale Mall and Honeydale Mall, and community retail areas along Bloor Street West and Dundas Street West.
The Swift River is an 8.3 mi river located in eastern New Hampshire in the United States.
 It is a tributary of the Bearcamp River, part of the Ossipee Lake / Saco River watershed leading to the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Swift River is located only four miles south of the larger and longer Swift River which parallels the Kancamagus Highway in the White Mountain National Forest.
The Nordic Seas are located north of Iceland and south of Svalbard.
 They have also been defined as the region located north of the Greenland-Scotland Ridge and south of the Fram Strait-Spitsbergen-Norway intersection.
 Known to connect the North Pacific and the North Atlantic waters, this region is also known as having some of the densest waters, creating the densest region found in the North Atlantic Deep Water.
 The deepest waters of the Arctic Ocean are connected to the worlds other oceans through Nordic Seas and Fram Straight.
 There are three seas within the Nordic Sea: Greenland Sea, Norwegian Sea, and Iceland Sea.
 The Nordic Seas only make up about 0.75% of the World’s Oceans.
 This region is known as having diverse features in such a small topographic area, such as the mid oceanic ridge systems.
 Some locations have shallow shelves, while others have deep slopes and basins.
 This region, because of the atmosphere-ocean transfer of energy and gases, has varying seasonal climate.
 During the winter, sea ice is formed in the western and northern regions of the Nordic Seas, whereas during the summer months, the majority of the region remains free of ice.
The Famoso Raceway dragstrip is located north of Bakersfield, California, and is known historically as the home to the annual March Meet, also known as the U.S. Fuel and Gas Championships.
 The strip, located on Famoso Road between Highway 99 and Highway 65 east of the Highway 99 and Highway 46 interchange, was originally built in World War II as an auxiliary training base for the nearby Army Air Corps training base at Shafter's Minter Field.
 After World War II, the Army abandoned the field.
 It was in the 1950s that an aspiring group of drag racing pioneers from the Bakersfield area, the Bakersfield Smokers, purchased the strip and made the necessary adjustments to allow for drag racing.
 The Famoso Raceway hosted the first ever March Meet in 1959 and it helped establish the fledgling National Hot Rod Association's (NHRA) legitimacy.
The Sandwich Range is located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States, north of the Lakes Region and south of the Kancamagus Highway.
 Although the range is not outstanding for its elevation, it is very rugged and has excellent views of the surrounding lakes, mountains, and forests.
The White Mountain Trail is a National Scenic Byway in the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
 It travels through the heart of the White Mountains crossing three major mountain passes.
 The Trail includes sections of US 3 and US 302, between Lincoln and Conway, connecting at both ends with the Kancamagus Highway (part of NH 112).
 It also includes a branch which travels south from Bartlett to the Kancamagus over Bear Notch.
 The byway is primarily in the White Mountain National Forest but also traverses Franconia Notch State Park and Crawford Notch State Park.
 The White Mountain Trail was designated on June 9, 1998 and is approximately 100 mi long.
 Despite the name, it is a scenic byway accessible by car and not a hiking trail.
The Crossroads Fire Tower is a fire lookout tower at 2262 Arkansas Highway 133 North in Ashley County, Arkansas.
 The tallest tower of its type in Arkansas, it is located north of Crossett and west of Hamburg, which is just north of the junction of Highway 133 and Ashley County Highway 12.
 It was built by the Aermotor Company and installed by a Civilian Conservation Corps crew in 1935.
 When built it was 100 ft tall, but an additional 20 ft was added sometime between 1936 and 1943.
 The tower is of galvanized steel construction, although the staircase landings and treads are wooden.
 The tower has a viewing cabin at the top with adjustable glass panes.
The Russell/Colbath House is a historic house on the Kancamagus Highway in Albany, New Hampshire.
 It is located in the White Mountain National Forest, and is operated as a museum by the United States Forest Service.
 Built about 1831, it is the only surviving early homestead in the Swift River valley.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
