The Pontotoc County School District is a public school district based in Pontotoc County, Mississippi (USA).
Muddy Boggy River, also known as the Muddy Boggy Creek, is a 175 mi river in south central Oklahoma.
 a major tributary of the Red River in south central Oklahoma, is formed by the confluence of Muddy Boggy Creek and Clear Boggy Creek.
 Both streams converge at a location known as River Mile 24 in Pontotoc County, Oklahoma.
 It is a major tributary of the Red River.
 The river is inhabited by over one hundred species of fish.
Ada Municipal Airport (IATA: ADT, ICAO: KADH, FAA LID: ADH) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) north of the central business district of Ada, a city in Pontotoc County, Oklahoma, United States.
 It is owned by the City of Ada, which is located in southeast Oklahoma, 88 mi southeast of Oklahoma City.
Pontotoc is an unincorporated community in Johnston County, Oklahoma.
 A post office was established in Pontotoc in 1858.
 The town was named after Pontotoc County, which was one of the divisions of Chickasaw Nation.
Chimney Hill [alt.
 1346 ft ] in Pontotoc County, Oklahoma was a landmark on the old California Road.
 It was identified on old maps as "Natural Mound".
 Its prominence made it a major reference point for many surveys and in 1920 it became the site of the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey Mound Triangulation Station.
The Ada News is a daily newspaper published five days a week in Ada, Oklahoma.
 The publication's coverage area includes Pontotoc County and portions of Coal County, Garvin County, Hughes County, Johnston County, Murray County and Seminole County.
 The newspaper is published Tuesday through Friday and Sunday.
Pontotoc is a city in, and the county seat of, Pontotoc County, Mississippi, located to the west of the much larger city of Tupelo.
 The population was 5,625 at the 2010 census.
Pontotoc County is in the south central part of Oklahoma.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 37,492.
 Its county seat is Ada.
 The county was created at statehood from part of the Chickasaw Nation in Indian Territory.
 It was named for a historic Chickasaw tribal area in Mississippi.
 According to the "Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture", Pontotoc is usually translated "cattail prairie" or "land of hanging grapes."
Pontotoc County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 29,957.
 Its county seat is Pontotoc.
 It was created on February 9, 1836 from lands ceded to the United States under the Chickasaw Cession.
 Pontotoc is a Chickasaw word meaning "land of hanging grapes".
 The original Natchez Trace and the current-day Natchez Trace Parkway both pass through the southeast corner of Pontotoc County.
WGCL-TV, virtual channel 46 (UHF digital channel 19), is a CBS-affiliated television station license to Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
 The station is owned by the Meredith Corporation as part of a duopoly with independent station WPCH-TV (channel 17).
 The two stations share a studio located on 14th Street in northwestern Atlanta; WGCL-TV's transmitter is located near North Druid Hills.
 WGCL-TV is the third-largest CBS-affiliated station by market size (WUSA in Washington, D.C. being the largest and KHOU in Houston being the second largest) that is not owned and operated by the network.
