The Splash Brothers are a duo of American basketball players consisting of Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson.
 The two guards play professionally for the Golden State Warriors in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Excellent long-range shooters, they have combined to set various NBA records for three-point field goals by a pair of teammates, and each has won the Three-Point Contest.
 The two NBA All-Stars won NBA championship with the Warriors in 2015 and 2017.
Garry St. Jean (born February 10, 1950 in Chicopee, Massachusetts) is an American former professional basketball coach and executive.
 St. Jean was head coach of the Sacramento Kings from 1992 through 1997.
 He later became the general manager of the Golden State Warriors, and in 1999–2000 he doubled as a head coach after P.J. Carlesimo was fired.
 St. Jean was a pro scout for the New Jersey Nets in the 2010–11 season.
 He has been an in-studio analyst for Golden State Warriors coverage on Comcast SportsNet Bay Area since the start of the 2011-2012 season.
Field goal percentage in basketball is the "ratio" of field goals "made" to field goals "attempted".
 Its abbreviation is FG%.
 Although three-point field goal percentage is often calculated separately, three-point field goals are included in the general field goal percentage.
 Instead of using scales of 0 to 100%, the scale .000 to 1.000 is commonly used.
 A higher field goal percentage denotes higher efficiency.
 In basketball, a FG% of .500 (50%) or above is considered a good percentage, although this criterion does not apply equally to all positions.
 Guards usually have lower FG% than forwards and centers. Field goal percentage does not completely tell the skill of a player, but a low field goal percentage can indicate a poor offensive player or a player who takes many difficult shots.
 In the NBA, Center Shaquille O'Neal has a high career FG% (around .580) because he plays near the basket making many high percentage layups and slam dunks. Guard Allen Iverson often had a low FG% (around .420) because he took the bulk of his team's shot attempts, even with high difficulty shots.
The 1995–96 NBA season was the Hawks' 47th season in the National Basketball Association, and 28th season in Atlanta.
 During the offseason, the Hawks re-acquired Spud Webb from the Sacramento Kings.
 The Hawks played above .500 during the first month of the season, but then struggled losing 10 of their 14 games in December before posting a ten-game winning streak in January.
 At midseason, Webb was traded along with Andrew Lang to the Minnesota Timberwolves for Christian Laettner and Sean Rooks.
 The Hawks finished fourth in the Central Division with a 46–36 record.
 Head coach Lenny Wilkens reached a significant milestone, becoming the first NBA coach to reach 1,000 victories.
 Steve Smith led the Hawks in scoring averaging 18.1 points per game, and Mookie Blaylock finished third in the league with 231 three-point field goals, which was a franchise record for the team.
The 1996–97 NBA season was the Magic's eighth season in the National Basketball Association.
 After losing Shaquille O'Neal via free agency to the Los Angeles Lakers in the offseason, the Magic acquired Rony Seikaly from the Golden State Warriors, and signed free agents Gerald Wilkins and Derek Strong.
 Early into the season, the Magic played two games against the New Jersey Nets in Tokyo, Japan.
 Head coach Brian Hill was fired 49 games into the season after a 24–25 start, and Anfernee Hardaway was generally blamed for leading a player revolt that resulted in his dismissal.
 Hill was replaced with Richie Adubato for the remainder of the season as the Magic finished third in the Atlantic Division with a 45–37 record.
 Hardaway was selected for the 1997 NBA All-Star Game, despite playing just 59 games due to a knee injury.
Chris Engler (born March 1, 1959) is an American former National Basketball Association (NBA) player.
 Engler was drafted from the University of Wyoming by the Golden State Warriors in the third round of the 1982 NBA draft.
 Engler began his collegiate career with the Minnesota Golden Gophers before transferring to Wyoming.
 Engler played two seasons with the Warriors, then subsequently had short stints with the Milwaukee Bucks, Chicago Bulls, New Jersey Nets, and Portland Trail Blazers before staying with the Nets for the final two seasons of his NBA career.
 Engler finished with career averages of 1.8 points per game and 2.0 rebounds per game.
The 1990–91 NBA season was the Rockets' 24th season in the National Basketball Association, and 20th season in the city of Houston.
 In the offseason, the Rockets acquired Kenny Smith from the Atlanta Hawks.
 The Rockets continued to play .500 basketball during the first half of the season as Hakeem Olajuwon missed 26 games due to injuries.
 However, the Rockets showed improvement by posting a 14–1 record in March, which included a 13-game winning streak.
 They finished third in the Midwest Division with a 52–30 record.
 Smith provided a spark averaging 17.7 points per game, while Vernon Maxwell averaged 17.0 points per game and led the league with 172 three-point field goals.
 Head coach Don Chaney was named Coach of The Year.
 However, in the first round of the playoffs, the Rockets were swept by the Los Angeles Lakers in three straight games.
George Thomas Johnson (born December 18, 1948) is an American retired professional basketball player.
 A 6'11" forward/center born in Tylertown, Mississippi and from Dillard University, he played in 13 NBA seasons (1972–1983; 1984–1986) as a member of the Golden State Warriors, the Buffalo Braves, the New Jersey Nets, the San Antonio Spurs, the Atlanta Hawks, and the Seattle SuperSonics.
Daron Oshay "Mookie" Blaylock (born March 20, 1967) is an American retired professional basketball player.
 He spent 13 years in the National Basketball Association (NBA) with three different teams, namely the New Jersey Nets, Atlanta Hawks, and the Golden State Warriors.
Richard Travis Bader (born July 2, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Basket Recanati of the Serie A2.
 He played college basketball for Oakland University.
 Bader, a shooting guard, is the NCAA career leader for three-point field goals and field goal attempts.
 He led the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I in three-point field goals per game during his junior season, averaging 4.21 three-pointers made per game.
