Orrell Park railway station is a railway station in Orrell Park, Liverpool, England.
 The station was opened in 1906 by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, and was originally named "Orrell Park Halt"; this was simplified to "Orrell Park" by British Rail.
 It is located to the north of the city centre.
 It also serves the nearby district of Orrell.
 It is on the Ormskirk branch of the Merseyrail network's Northern Line.
Phrom Phiram Railway Station is a railway station located in Phrom Phiram Subdistrict, Phrom Phiram District, Phitsanulok.
 It is located 414.507 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 2 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 Phrom Phiram Railway Station opened in November 1908 as part of the Northern Line extension from Phitsanulok to Ban Dara Junction.
Mae Mo Railway Station is a railway station located in Sop Pat Subdistrict, Mae Mo District, Lampang.
 It is located 609.168 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 2 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 A freight line once operated to the nearby coalmines but was ceased operations in 1989.
 The station opened in April 1916 following the opening of the Northern Line Mae Chang-Nakhon Lampang section.
Aughton Park railway station is a railway station in Aughton, Lancashire, England, on the Ormskirk branch of the Northern Line of the Merseyrail network 11½ miles (19 km) north east of Liverpool Central.
Royal National Park railway station is located in Audley, New South Wales, that serviced travellers to the Royal National Park.
 It is the terminus of the Royal National Park railway line, now operated by the Sydney Tramway Museum, although the station platform itself is not usable by the heritage trams operating the service.
 It opened in 1886 as a commuter rail station, forming part of the Sydney railway network.
 Along with the Royal National Park railway line, it closed in 1991 due to low patronage.
 The line and station were acquired by the Sydney Tramway Museum and reopened in May 1993.
Bueng Phra Railway Station is a railway station located in Bueng Phra Subdistrict, Phitsanulok City, Phitsanulok.
 It is located 381.875 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 1 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 The station opened on 24 January 1908 as part of the Northern Line extension from Pak Nam Pho to Phitsanulok.
 PTT Public Company Limited operates a crude oil depot adjacent to the site and the railway operates several oil freight services from this station (to Mae Nam Station).
Ban Pin Railway Station is a railway station located in Ban Pin Subdistrict, Long District, Phrae.
 It is located 563.865 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 2 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 The station opened in June 1914, following the Northern Line extension from Huai Mae Ta to Ban Pin.
 The line continued to Pha Khan in 1915.
Nong Tom Railway Station is a railway station located in Wong Khong Subdistrict, Phrom Phiram District, Phitsanulok.
 It is located 423.203 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 2 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 Nong Tom Railway Station opened in November 1908 as part of the Northern Line extension from Phitsanulok to Ban Dara Junction.
Pak Nam Pho Railway Station is a railway station located in Pak Nam Pho Subdistrict, Nakhon Sawan City, Nakhon Sawan.
 It is located 250.559 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 1 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 The station opened on 31 October 1905 as part of the Northern Line extension from Lop Buri to Pak Nam Pho.
 The line continued to Phitsanulok in 1908.
 Originally, this was the railway station for Nakhon Sawan City as passengers would alight here and cross the Chao Phraya River to reach the city, however its main purpose was removed as the new railway station built at Nong Pling replaced its role.
 Today, the station acts as a railyard, a railway maintenance centre and a junction for an occasionally-used freight line to Kamnansong Rice Mill.
Phichai Railway Station is a railway station located in Nai Mueang Subdistrict, Phichai District, Uttaradit.
 It is located 447.553 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 2 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 Phichai Railway Station opened as part of the Northern Line extension from Phitsanulok to Ban Dara Junction in November 1908.
