The Woodland Davis Clean Water Agency (WDCWA) is a joint project between the cities of Woodland and Davis in Yolo County, California; also in partnership with Reclamation District 2035.
 This agency will oversee the construction and management of the facility that will pump water from the Sacramento River to the two cities.
 This new facility is to provide reliable water supply, improve the water quality for drinking purposes, and improve the treated wastewater discharge from the two cities.
 This new facility is expected to be supplying the cities with clean surface water in June 2016.
Deidamia or Deidameia (Greek: Δηϊδάμεια ) or Laodamia (Greek: Λαοδάμεια ) (died c. 233 BC) was a Greek princess, daughter of Pyrrhus II of Epirus, king of Epirus.
 After the death of her father and that of her uncle Ptolemy, she was the last surviving representative of the royal Aeacid dynasty in Epirus.
 She had a sister, Nereis, who married Gelo of Syracuse.
 During a rebellion in Epirus her sister sent her 800 mercenaries from Gaul.
 Part of the Molossians supported her, and with the aid of the mercenaries she briefly took Ambracia.
 The Epirotes, however, determined to secure their liberty by extirpating the whole royal family, resolved to put her to death; she fled for refuge to the temple of Artemis, but was murdered in the sanctuary itself by Milo, a man already responsible of matricide, who shortly after this crime committed suicide.
 The date of this event cannot be accurately fixed, but it occurred during the reign of Demetrius II in Macedonia (239–229 BC), and probably in the early part of it.
Lanassa was a daughter of king Agathocles of Syracuse, Sicily, perhaps by his second wife Alcia.
 In 295 BC Agathocles married Lanassa to King Pyrrhus of Epirus.
 Agathocles himself escorted his daughter with his fleet to Epirus to her groom.
 Lanassa brought the island of Corcyra as dowry into the marriage.
 The couple had two sons: Alexander and Helenus.
 However, Lanassa could not accept her husband's polygamous lifestyle, and so she left Pyrrhus in 291 BC, went to Corcyra, and offered this island as dowry to Demetrius I Poliorcetes, then king of Macedonia, if he would become her new husband.
 The courted diadoch came to Corcyra, married Lanassa and occupied the island.
 After the death of Agathocles (289 BC) Pyrrhus, as former husband of Lanassa, asserted hereditary claims to Sicily.
 On the basis of these claims the inhabitants of Syracuse asked Pyrrhus in 279 BC for assistance against Carthage.
La Esperanza (] ) is the capital city and a municipality of the same name of the department of Intibucá, Honduras.
 The city of La Esperanza is merged indistinguishably with the city of Intibucá, the head of the neighbouring municipality of Intibucá.
 Intibucá is the older of the two cities and was originally a Lenca community, while La Esperanza is the newer ladino community.
 The two cities, often called the twin cities, while distinct with separate municipal governments, are generally referred to jointly as La Esperanza and are separated only by a street that crosses town.
There were once four direct railway routes between Liverpool and Manchester in the North West of England.
 There are now only two remaining direct railway routes between the two cities.
 One line, the now northern route, is fully electric and the other, the southern route, is a diesel only line.
 A third line which is further north has been split with the western section electric and the eastern section diesel operation, requiring a passenger change between the two cities.
 The fourth route, the most southerly, is largely abandoned east of Warrington with the remaining section mostly catering for freight trains.
 The remaining two direct routes are:
In Greek mythology, Molossus (Greek: Μολοσσός) was the son of Neoptolemus and Andromache.
 He was the eponymous founder of the Molossians, an ancient Greek tribe that inhabited the region of Epirus located in northwestern Greece.
 Molossus had two brothers, Pielus and Pergamus (the latter named after the citadel of Troy), who were also sons of Neoptolemus and Andromache.
East Palo Alto (abbreviated E.P.A.) is a city in San Mateo County, California, United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the population of East Palo Alto was 28,155.
 It is situated on the San Francisco Peninsula, roughly halfway between the cities of San Francisco and San Jose.
 To the north and east is the San Francisco Bay, to the west is the city of Menlo Park, and to the south the city of Palo Alto.
 Despite being called "East" Palo Alto, this is a misnomer, as the city is precisely due north of Palo Alto.
 While often incorrectly assumed to be part of the city of Palo Alto, East Palo Alto has always been a separate entity since its founding as an unincorporated community.
 It is also in San Mateo County, while Palo Alto is in Santa Clara County.
 The two cities are separated only by San Francisquito Creek and, largely, the Bayshore Freeway (the vast majority of East Palo Alto is northeast of the freeway, while all of the residential part of Palo Alto is southwest of the freeway).
 The revitalization projects in 2000, and high income high-tech professionals moving into new developments, including employees from Google and Facebook, have begun to eliminate the cultural and economic differences between the two cities.
 East Palo Alto and Palo Alto share both telephone area codes and postal ZIP codes.
Pyrrhus ( ; Πύρρος , "Pyrrhos"; 319/318–272 BC) was a Greek general and statesman of the Hellenistic period.
 He was king of the Greek tribe of Molossians, of the royal Aeacid house (from c. 297 BC), and later he became king of Epirus (r. 306–302, 297–272 BC).
 He was one of the strongest opponents of early Rome.
 Some of his battles, though successful, caused him heavy losses, from which the term "Pyrrhic victory" was coined.
 He is the subject of one of Plutarch's "Parallel Lives".
Beroea of Epirus (Ancient Greek Βέροια) was an ancient Greek princess of the tribe of the Molossians, that was married to the Illyrian king Glaukias.
 She raised Pyrrhus of Epirus.
Aidoneus (Gr.
 Ἀїδωνεύς ) was a mythical king of the Molossians in Epirus, who is represented as the husband of Persephone.
 After Theseus, with the assistance of Pirithous, concealed Helen at Aphidnae, he went to Epirus to procure for Pirithous Kore, the daughter of Aidoneus, as a reward.
 When Aidoneus discovered that they had come with the intention of carrying off his daughter, he had Pirithous killed by Cerberus, and kept Theseus in captivity, who was afterwards released at the request of Heracles.
 Eusebius calls the wife of Aidoneus a daughter of queen Demeter, with whom he had eloped.
 Thus the story of Aidoneus is the legend of Hades' rape of Persephone, in the form of a real-world history, and is undoubtedly the work of a late interpreter of ancient myths.
