Harry Jon Benjamin (born May 23, 1966) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian.
 He is best known for voicing characters, such as Bob Belcher in the animated sitcom "Bob's Burgers"; Sterling Archer in the animated sitcom "Archer"; Ben, the son of Dr. Katz, in "Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist"; Coach McGuirk and Jason on "Home Movies"; and a can of mixed vegetables in the film "Wet Hot American Summer".
"Diggs" is the twelfth episode of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 542nd episode of the series.
 It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on March 9, 2014.
 The episode was written by Dan Greaney and Allen Glazier and directed by Michael Polcino.
 In the episode, Bart makes friends with a transfer student named Diggs, an expert in falconry who saves Bart from the wrath of the Springfield Elementary bullies – and who intends to take to the sky himself, which makes Bart worry about Diggs' sanity.
"Revenge is a Dish Best Served Three Times" is the eleventh episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 28, 2007.
 It was written by Joel H. Cohen, and directed by Michael Polcino.
Michael Polcino is an animation director on "The Simpsons".
 His brother, Dominic Polcino, is a former "Simpsons" director and currently works on "Family Guy".
Wait Till Your Father Gets Home is an American adult animated sitcom produced by Hanna-Barbera that aired in first-run syndication in the United States from 1972 to 1974 (airing on most NBC stations on Sunday nights at 10:30, except for the ones who had moved their late-night news to that slot).
 The show originated in a one-time segment on "Love, American Style" called "Love and the Old-Fashioned Father."
 The same pilot was later produced with a live cast (starring Van Johnson), but with no success.
 The show was the first primetime animated sitcom to run for more than a single season since "The Flintstones" more than ten years earlier and would be the only one until "The Simpsons" fifteen years later.
 The show was inspired by "All in the Family".
Dominic Polcino is an animation director who has worked on "The Simpsons", "Mission Hill", "King of the Hill", and "Family Guy".
 Polcino worked on the first season of "Family Guy", then left to direct for "King of the Hill" and then returned to "Family Guy".
 He then went on to create the TV pilot "Lovesick Fool" which debuted on FunnyOrDie then went on to exhibit at Film Festivals and is currently on YouTube.
 His brother, Michael Polcino, is currently a director on "The Simpsons".
Drawn Together is an American adult animated sitcom which ran on Comedy Central from October 27, 2004 to November 14, 2007.
 The series was created by Dave Jeser and Matt Silverstein, and uses a sitcom format with a TV reality show setting.
"E Pluribus Wiggum" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> nineteenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 6, 2008.
 It was written by Michael Price and directed by Michael Polcino, and it guest starred Jon Stewart and Dan Rather as themselves.
 This episode became controversial in Argentina for a joke made about the government of Juan Perón.
"YOLO" is the fourth episode of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 534th episode of the series.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 10, 2013.
 The episode was written by Michael Nobori and directed by Michael Polcino.
"Pay Pal" is the twenty-first episode of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 551st episode of the series.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 11, 2014.
 It was written by David H. Steinberg and directed by Michael Polcino.
 In the episode, Marge swears off befriending any more couples when Homer offends their charming new British neighbors.
 But when Lisa declares that she, too, does not need friends, Marge realizes that she's setting a bad example for her daughter.
