Richard Bruce Kind (born November 22, 1956) is an American actor and voice actor known for his roles in the sitcoms "Mad About You" (as Dr. Mark Devanow) and "Spin City" (as Paul Lassiter).
 In 2015, he provided the voice of Bing Bong in the Pixar film "Inside Out".
 He also voices Harvey Timbers in an animated Nickelodeon show that premiered in 2017 called "Welcome to the Wayne".
Adrian Molina (born August 23, 1985) is an American screenwriter and storyboard artist.
 He has been at Pixar since 2007, where he started as a 2D animator on "Ratatouille".
 He later moved on to be a storyboard artist, working on "Toy Story 3" and "Monsters University".
 After writing for "The Good Dinosaur", Molina started his first gig as a screenplay writer for "Coco" and later went on to co-direct the film.
 Molina also illustrated the Little Golden Book for "Toy Story 3".
Xtractaurs is a line of toys by Mattel.
 Recently introduced in 2009, the brand is a fusion of regular action figures with an online game.
 It involves taking a dinosaur (both well-known and lesser-known dinosaurs) and extracting "DNA" samples from the dinosaur and analyzing it on your computer, similar in a way to the book and film Jurassic Park.
 If you own multiple dinosaurs and have extracted samples from all of them, you can create a genetically engineered hybrid on the computer to battle the "Megavores", ancient reawakened dinosaurs that share qualities with your dinosaur.
 Each dinosaur you purchase has a special ability, and combining them makes a fierce fighting animal (your first dinosaur, "Tyrannosaurus Rex", has the Chomp ability).
 This encourages the fusion of certain samples even more.
Sanjay's Super Team is a computer-animated short film produced by Pixar Animation Studios.
 Written and directed by Sanjay Patel, and based on his childhood, it premiered on June 15, 2015 at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival in France, and accompanied the theatrical release of Pixar's "The Good Dinosaur" on November 25, 2015.
Harley Jessup (born 1954) is an American production designer and visual effects art director who has been nominated for two visual effects Academy Awards, and won once.
 Currently working at Pixar Animation Studios, Jessup has served as production designer for "Monsters, Inc." (with Bob Pauley), "Ratatouille", "Cars 2", "Presto", "The Good Dinosaur" and an upcoming Pixar feature.
 Before coming to Pixar, Jessup was production designer on Walt Disney Pictures' "James and the Giant Peach".
Enrico Casarosa is an Italian storyboard artist and director who works at Pixar.
 In 2012, he was nominated for an Academy Award for the animated short film "La Luna".
 Starting in 2011, he worked as a head of story on Bob Peterson's film, "The Good Dinosaur".
Raymond Ochoa (born October 12, 2001) is an American child actor and voice actor.
 He has appeared in various commercials, television shows and movies including roles in "10 Items or Less", "Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh", and the lead character, Arlo, in the Pixar film "The Good Dinosaur".
Dinosaur behavior is difficult for paleontologists to study since much of paleontology is dependent solely on the physical remains of ancient life.
 However, trace fossils and paleopathology can give insight into dinosaur behavior.
 Interpretations of dinosaur behavior are generally based on the pose of body fossils and their habitat, computer simulations of their biomechanics, and comparisons with modern animals in similar ecological niches.
 As such, the current understanding of dinosaur behavior relies on speculation, and will likely remain controversial for the foreseeable future.
 However, there is general agreement that some behaviors which are common in crocodiles and birds, dinosaurs' closest living relatives, were also common among dinosaurs.
 Gregarious behavior was common in many dinosaur species.
 Dinosaurs may have congregated in herds for defense, for migratory purposes, or to provide protection for their young.
 There is evidence that many types of dinosaurs, including various theropods, sauropods, ankylosaurians, ornithopods, and ceratopsians, formed aggregations of immature individuals.
 Nests and eggs have been found for most major groups of dinosaurs, and it appears likely that dinosaurs communicated with their young, in a manner similar to modern birds and crocodiles.
 The crests and frills of some dinosaurs, like the marginocephalians, theropods and lambeosaurines, may have been too fragile to be used for active defense, and so they were likely used for sexual or aggressive displays, though little is known about dinosaur mating and territorialism.
 Most dinosaurs seem to have relied on land-based locomotion.
 A good understanding of how dinosaurs moved on the ground is key to models of dinosaur behavior; the science of biomechanics, in particular, has provided significant insight in this area.
 For example, studies of the forces exerted by muscles and gravity on dinosaurs' skeletal structure have investigated how fast dinosaurs could run, whether diplodocids could create sonic booms via whip-like tail snapping, and whether sauropods could float.
The Good Dinosaur is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 The film is directed by Peter Sohn in his directorial debut from a screenplay by Meg LeFauve from an original idea by Bob Peterson.
 Set on a fictional Earth in which dinosaurs never became extinct, the film follows a young "Apatosaurus" named Arlo, who meets an unlikely human friend while traveling through a harsh and mysterious landscape.
 The film features the voices of Raymond Ochoa, Jack Bright, Sam Elliott, Anna Paquin, A.J. Buckley, Steve Zahn, Jeffrey Wright, and Frances McDormand.
The Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film was awarded for the first time at the 64th Golden Globe Awards in 2007.
 It was the first time that the Golden Globe Awards had created a separate category for animated films since its establishment.
 The nominations are announced in January and an awards ceremony is held later in the month.
 Initially, only three films are nominated for best animated film, in contrast to five nominations for the majority of other awards.
 The Pixar film "Cars" was the first recipient of the award.
 The award for best animated film has subsequently been presented to six other Pixar films: "Ratatouille" received the award in 2008, "WALL-E" was the recipient in 2009, "Up" received the award in 2010, "Toy Story 3" won in 2011, "Brave" won in 2013, and "Inside Out" won in 2016.
 In 2012, "Cars 2" lost to "The Adventures of Tintin", in 2014, "Monsters University" was the first not to be nominated and also in 2016, "The Good Dinosaur" lost to "Inside Out".
 In 2017, "Finding Dory" was also not nominated.
 The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has been awarding Golden Globe Awards since 1944.
