The Exide lead contamination, in southeast Los Angeles County, California, United States, came from a battery recycling plant that emitted lead, arsenic and other dangerous pollutants over decades that contaminated as many as 10,000 homes in half a dozen working-class, Latino communities near the plant.
 Exide Technologies, owner of the lead-acid battery smelter located in Vernon, agreed in 2015 to close the facility while the massive cleanup of the contaminated soil will take years and cost hundreds of millions of dollars.
 The residents have expressed outrage over the failure of state regulators to act as the plant was allowed to operate without a full permit while documented violations were occurring.
 The Department of Toxic Substances Control, which allowed the plant to operate, is in charge of the cleanup and is finding that the many residents do not trust them.
 The residents must give them permission to test the soil around their home yet many feel betrayed by this government agency.
Jamil Walker Smith (born August 20, 1982) is an American actor.
 His best known role is as the voice of Gerald, a fourth grader and Arnold's best friend in the Nickelodeon TV series "Hey Arnold!
".
 He also appeared on various shows like "Sister, Sister"; "Girlfriends"; "Bones"; "The X-Files"; and "The Bernie Mac Show".
 He is an actor by trade and writes, acts and directs his own short film projects.
 He played Master Sergeant Ronald Greer in both seasons of "Stargate Universe".
 His voice acting for Gerald Johanssen on "Hey Arnold!
" and in "" was digitally mastered to a higher pitch by using sound audio.
Master Sergeant Ronald Greer, USMC is a fictional character from the science fiction television series "Stargate Universe", the third live-action series from the "Stargate" franchise centering on a group of 80 soldiers and civilians trapped on the Ancient vessel "Destiny".
 He is portrayed by Jamil Walker Smith.
 Greer holds the rank of Master Sergeant and is described as "big, strong, silent".
As of 2012, 21.4% of the population in San Francisco was of Chinese descent, and at least 150,000 Chinese American residents.
 The Chinese are the largest Asian American subgroup in San Francisco.
 San Francisco has the highest percentage of residents of Chinese descent of any major U.S. city, and the second largest Chinese American population, after New York City.
 The San Francisco Bay Area is 7.9% Chinese American, with many residents in Oakland and Santa Clara County.
 San Francisco's Chinese community has ancestry mainly from Guangdong province, China and Hong Kong, although there is a sizable population of ethnic Chinese with ancestry from other parts of mainland China and Taiwan as well.
The Prospect Plaza Houses was a 4.53 acre complex owned by the New York City Housing Authority in the Ocean Hill section of Brooklyn.
 It had four buildings, 12 and 15-stories tall with 368 apartments.
 Completed June 30, 1974, it is bordered by St. Marks and Sterling Place, Howard and Saratoga Avenues.
 At one time the residents numbered approximately 1,171 residents.
 Today there are no residents.
 Many residents left after signing a deal under a plan called HOPE VI.
 According to reports the deal offered residents of Prospect Plaza Houses temporary townhouse styled housing while their apartments were renovated.
 Many of these residents were instead given vouchers to alternative Section 8 housing.
 Many former residents have expressed dissatisfaction with what they claim was an unfair deal to remove them in order for the city to turn the buildings into condominiums and bring in more money.
The Dutch city of The Hague consists of eight districts ("stadsdelen", singular "stadsdeel").
 Each district is divided into subdistricts ("wijken").
 Each of these stadsdelen has its own office ("stadsdeelkantoor"), where most of the local government activity is organized.
 These stadsdeelkantoren make many aspects of local government more accessible to residents.
 The current division of The Hague into individual "stadsdelen" was created in 1988 by the main city government.
 This division of The Hague into "wijken" and "buurten" (neighborhoods) deviates from the 1953 divisions that had been known to many residents.
Jamil Walker (born April 21, 1981 in Rochester, New York) is a retired American soccer forward and midfielder, who played professionally in Major League Soccer and the USL First Division.
A proposed Islamic cemetery at Farmersville in Collin County, Texas became the subject of controversy in 2015 when local residents expressed opposition to the prospect of Muslims being buried near their town.
 After a consortium of local mosques purchased a plot of land outside the city limits to provide a burial ground for the county's Muslims, the local authorities unanimously granted permission for the plans.
 However, opposition grew among local residents and the proposals were vehemently denounced in public forums where many residents expressed strongly anti-Islamic sentiments as the basis for their opposition.
 Council members and planning officials reported receiving death threats and threats were also made to desecrate the site with pigs' blood and severed pigs' heads.
 The council emphasized that there was little it could do to prevent the cemetery going ahead, as it was bound by local and state planning regulations.
Sriniwaspuri (Hindi: श्रीनिवासपुरी ) is a small Colony located in the southern part of Delhi, India.
 This Colony has mainly two sub-colonies - a government colony and a private colony.
 The government colony has Type-I and Type-II flats and few type 3 flats above i block market under General Pool Residential Accommodation of Central Government maintained by CPWD, and residents here are employees of various Central and attached government offices and their family members.
 The private colony was initially developed as J.J.Colony Sriniwaspuri.
 The original residents of this JJ Colony had been residing at Bela Road Jhuggi Basti near Rajghat and were Rajasthani and Punjabi/Multani/Sindhi/Janghi.
 Being poor, they had been working in and around the Purani Delhi area, the Yamuna area, etc.
 Most of them were labourers, masons, etc.
 In 1961, due to a fire accident this Juggi Basti had burnt.
 Pt.
 Jawahar Lal Nehru, then the Prime Minister of India, allotted 80 Sq.Yds Plots with a loan of Rs.1000 to every family to build homes.
 First, 94 Plots in J Block were allotted to Rajasthani families, and Blocks K, L, M, N and O were allotted to the remaining people.
 Punjabi/Multani/Sindhi/Jhangi people were largest at that time too.
 Therefore, it is clear that most of the original residents of Sriniwaspuri residing in Blocks J, K, L, M, N, and O have been residing in Sriniwaspuri since 1961, and they may have been residing in Delhi since 1951 or earlier.
 Thereafter, local people and other people came in this Colony and encroached upon the land, resulting in the more recent P, Q, R, S, and T blocks.
 The difference may be seen easily that on one hand J.J. Colony having Blocks J, K, L, M, N, and O has well planned roads and buildings, whereas Blocks P, Q, R, S, and T are congested.
 This part is also known as the private colony wxtension.
 The private colony extension of Sriniwaspuri grapples with basic issues such as water supply, electricity, and encroachment.
 This part of Sriniwaspuri has many unregulated businesses such as provisional stores, dairies, and confectionery shops.
 Over the years, the place has commercialised so much that many residents have started leaving the place.
Hey Arnold!
: The Movie is a 2002 American animated adventure comedy film based on the Nickelodeon animated television series of the same name.
 It was directed by Tuck Tucker and written by series creator Craig Bartlett and Steve Viksten, with music by Jim Lang.
 The film stars Spencer Klein, Francesca Smith, Jamil Walker Smith, Dan Castellaneta, Tress MacNeille, Paul Sorvino, Jennifer Jason Leigh, and Christopher Lloyd.
 The film follows Arnold, Gerald, and Helga on a quest to save their neighborhood from a greedy developer who plans on converting it into a huge shopping mall.
