Brooklyn Grange is a 2.5-acre organic urban rooftop farm in New York City, growing high quality vegetables and honey for local restaurants, markets, and community-supported agriculture.
 The farms span across two rooftops, one on a 43,000 sq. ft. building straddling Astoria and Long Island City, and the other atop the Brooklyn Navy Yard – the world’s largest rooftop soil farm.
 Together, they produce over 40,000 lbs.
 of organically-grown vegetables each year.
 The Grange also operates New York City’s largest apiary, with over thirty naturally-managed honey beehives, which yields approximately 1,500 pounds of honey annually.
 It was started in the spring of 2010 by transplanted Wisconsinite Ben Flanner, now President and Head Farmer, with the help of Anastasia Plakias, current Vice President, and Gwen Schantz, current Chief Operating Officer.
 The group took out loans, contributed their own money and found community investors to fund the project.
 The Brooklyn Navy Yard farm was financed in part by at $592,730 grant from the NYCDEP's Green Infrastructure Grant Program.
 In addition to growing and distributing local vegetables and herbs, Brooklyn Grange provides urban farming and green roof consulting and installation services to clients worldwide and partner with numerous non-profit organizations throughout New York to promote healthy and strong local communities.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) operates a number of bus routes in Brooklyn, New York, United States; one minor route is privately operated under a city franchise.
 Many of them are the direct descendants of streetcar lines (see list of streetcar lines in Brooklyn); the ones that started out as bus routes were almost all operated by the Brooklyn Bus Corporation, a subsidiary of the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation, until the New York City Board of Transportation took over on June 5, 1940.
 Of the 55 local Brooklyn routes operated by the New York City Transit Authority, roughly 35 are the direct descendants of one or more streetcar lines, and most of the others were introduced in full or in part as new bus routes by the 1930s.
 Only the eastern section of the B82 (then the B50), the B83, and the B84 were created by New York City Transit from scratch, in 1978, 1966, and 2013, respectively.
New York has two Major League Baseball teams, the New York Yankees (based in the Bronx) and the New York Mets (based in Queens).
 New York is home to three National Hockey League franchises: the New York Rangers in Manhattan, the New York Islanders in Brooklyn and the Buffalo Sabres in Buffalo.
 New York has two National Basketball Association teams, the New York Knicks in Manhattan, and the Brooklyn Nets in Brooklyn.
 New York has one Major League Soccer team: New York City FC.
 Although the New York Red Bulls represent the New York metropolitan area they play in Red Bull Arena, located in Harrison, New Jersey.
Queens is the easternmost and largest in area of the five boroughs of New York City.
 It is geographically adjacent to the borough of Brooklyn at the southwestern end of Long Island, and to Nassau County farther east on Long Island; in addition, Queens shares water borders with the boroughs of Manhattan and the Bronx.
 Coterminous with Queens County since 1899, the borough of Queens is the second-largest in population (after Brooklyn), with a census-estimated 2,333,054 residents in 2016, approximately 48% of them foreign-born.
 Queens County also is the second-most populous county in the U.S. state of New York, behind the neighboring borough of Brooklyn, which is coterminous with Kings County.
 Queens is the fourth-most densely populated county among New York City's boroughs, as well as in the United States.
 If each of New York City's boroughs were an independent city, Queens also would be the nation's fourth most populous, after Los Angeles, Chicago, and Brooklyn.
 Queens is the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world.
Brooklyn Heights is an affluent residential neighborhood within the New York City borough of Brooklyn.
 Originally referred to as Brooklyn Village, it has been a prominent area of Brooklyn since 1834.
 The neighborhood is noted for its low-rise architecture and its many brownstone rowhouses, most of them built prior to the Civil War.
 It also has an abundance of notable churches and other religious institutions.
 Brooklyn's first art gallery, the Brooklyn Arts Gallery, was opened in Brooklyn Heights in 1958.
 In 1965, a large part of Brooklyn Heights was protected from unchecked development by the creation of the Brooklyn Heights Historic District, the first such district in New York City.
 The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
Rich LeFevre (nickname "The Locust") is a competitive eater from Henderson, Nevada.
 Rich and his wife, Carlene LeFevre, are said to form the "First Family of Competitive Eating" in spite of having normal weights and ages around 60, and are both top ranked members of the International Federation of Competitive Eating.
 The childless couple has combined to take two of the top seven places in Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest in 2003, 2004, and 2005.
 He competed at Wing Bowl XIV in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in which he placed second behind Joey Chestnut, another IFOCE champion.
The Brooklyn Bridge is a hybrid cable-stayed/suspension bridge in New York City and is one of the oldest bridges in the United States.
 Started in 1869 and completed fourteen (14) years later in 1883, it connects the boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn by spanning the East River.
 It has a main span of 1595.5 ft and was the first steel-wire suspension bridge constructed.
 It was originally called the New York and Brooklyn Bridge and the East River Bridge, but it was later dubbed the Brooklyn Bridge, a name coming from an earlier January 25, 1867, letter to the editor of the "Brooklyn Daily Eagle" and formally so named by the city government in 1915.
 Since opening, it has become an icon of New York City and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1964 and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 1972.
Carlene LeFevre is a competitive eater from Henderson, Nevada.
 She and her husband, Rich LeFevre, are said to form the "First Family of Competitive Eating" in spite of having normal weights and ages around 60, and are both top ranked members of the International Federation of Competitive Eating.
 The childless couple has combined to take two of the top seven places in Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest in 2003, 2004, and 2005.
 She is nicknamed "The Madam of Etiquette" for her relative degree of decorum while consuming mass quantities of food quickly.
 Her trademark technique is called the "Carlene Pop," in which she bounces up and down while eating to get the food to settle.
Fort Greene is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.
 Part of Brooklyn Community Board 2 and served by the New York City Police Department's 88th Precinct, Fort Greene is listed on the New York State Registry and on the National Register of Historic Places, and is a New York City–designated Historic District.
 It is located in northwest Brooklyn in the area known as South Brooklyn, just across from Lower Manhattan and north of Prospect Park.
The Brooklyn Cultural District (formerly known as the BAM-Downtown Brooklyn Cultural District) is a $100 million development project that focuses on the arts, public spaces and affordable housing in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, New York.
 The project reflected the joint efforts of New York City's Economic Development Corporation, the Department of Cultural Affairs, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, the Department of City Planning, and the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership to continue to develop the Brooklyn neighborhood area.
 Joining the area's longtime institutional stakeholders (BAM, the Brooklyn Museum and the Brooklyn Public Library) are new homes for Mark Morris Dance Group, Theatre for a New Audience (TFANA), UrbanGlass and BRIC Arts and the BAM's Fisher Building.
