Miami station is a train station in Miami-Dade County, Florida, on the border of Miami and Hialeah.
 It is the southern terminus for Amtrak's "Silver Meteor" and "Silver Star" trains.
 The station opened in 1978 to replace a 48-year-old Seaboard Air Line Railroad station.
 It is several blocks away from the Tri-Rail and Metrorail Transfer Station, but there is no direct connection between the stations.
 The station was scheduled to be replaced by Miami Central Station in Fall 2016, but was delayed to late 2017.
South Miami station is a station on the Metrorail rapid transit system in South Miami, Florida.
 This station is located at the intersection of South Dixie Highway (US 1) and Sunset Drive (SW 72nd Street/SR 986), two blocks west of Red Road (West 57th Avenue).
 It opened to service May 20, 1984.
Lakeland station is a train station in Lakeland, Florida, that is served by Amtrak, the national passenger rail system of the United States.
 It is served by the "Silver Star" train, which runs daily between New York City and Miami.
 The station is located on the northern shore of Lake Mirror.
Government Center is a district in Downtown Miami, Florida.
 Bounded roughly by I-95 and NW 3rd Avenue to the west, SW 1st Street to the south, NW 5th Street to the north, and NE 1st Avenue to the east, Government Center is located on the western edge of downtown.
 The area includes several courthouses, including the historic Miami-Dade County Courthouse and a US district court, the City of Miami police headquarters, city, county, and state offices.
 The eponymous and most used county transit station, Government Center, serving Metrorail, Metromover, and Metrobus, is located in the bottom of the Stephen P. Clark Government Center building.
 Directly south of this is the main branch of the Miami-Dade Public Library System, as well as the HistoryMiami museum.
 Henry Flagler's Florida East Coast Railroad owns roughly nine acres in the middle of Government Center, the site of its former Miami station, which spans several blocks.
 While the station was destroyed in 1963 and the site had been used as surface parking lots in the decades following, the railroad never gave up ownership of the property.
 In mid 2014, the lots were closed down for construction of a new Downtown Miami intercity rail station, as part of their All Aboard Florida system.
Miami Airport Station is an intermodal rapid transit, commuter rail, intercity rail, local bus, and intercity bus transportation hub constructed by the Florida Department of Transportation as part of its Miami Intermodal Center project in unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States, just outside Miami city limits near its Grapeland Heights neighborhood.
 The station is located on Northwest 21st Street near North Douglas Road (West 37th Avenue), just east of Le Jeune Road (West 42nd Avenue) and Miami International Airport (MIA), and south of the Miami River and the Airport Expressway (SR 112).
 When fully in service, it will serve Amtrak, Tri-Rail, Metrorail, Metrobus, and Greyhound Lines, and will provide a people mover connection to the airport via the MIA Mover.
 The station is signed as Miami International Airport on Metrorail and Miami Airport Station on Tri-Rail and Amtrak.
Miami Station is an unincorporated community in Carroll County, Missouri, United States.
 Miami Station is located along Missouri Supplemental Route V 2.5 mi northwest of Miami.
 Miami Station was laid out in 1870 as a station on the St. Louis, Kansas City and Northern Railway; it served as the main freight station for Miami.
 A post office called Miami Station was established in 1869, and remained in operation until 1951.
 U.S. Senator William A. Blakley was born in Miami Station.
Chapman Field (officially the Subtropical Horticulture Research Station) is a horticulture and agronomy research facility of the Agricultural Research Service, a division of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), located in Miami, Florida.
 Dating from 1898, it is one of the oldest entities in South Florida.
 The USDA also refers to it as the Miami Station.
JMWAVE or JM/WAVE or JM WAVE was the codename for a major secret United States covert operations and intelligence gathering station operated by the CIA from 1961 until 1968.
 It was headquartered in Building 25 on the South Campus of the University of Miami in Miami, Florida.
 (This location was formerly the site of Richmond Naval Air Station, an airship base about 12 miles south of the main campus; after the airship base closed, it has been used by the University of Miami since 1948.)
 The intelligence facility was also referred to as the CIA's "Miami Station" or "Wave Station".
Miami Worldcenter is a large mixed-use development under construction led by principals Arthur Falcone and Nitin Motwani, spanning several blocks in the Park West neighborhood of Miami, Florida, just north of Downtown.
 It may include over 25 acres of land, with a convention center, hotel space, residential, as well as copious street level retail and large anchor tenant space, such as Macy's and Bloomingdale's.
 The hotel and convention center are planned to be part of the same 55 storey building.
 The hotel will be very large with 1,800 rooms over the approximately 600000 sqft convention center.
 One proposed residential building known as the Miami Worldcenter Signature Tower may rise to the maximum 749 ft above sea level permitted in that area.
 The project may connect with the under construction All Aboard Florida intercity higher-speed rail system's Miami station.
The 20th Century Limited was an express passenger train on the New York Central Railroad (NYC) from 1902 to 1967, advertised as "The Most Famous Train in the World".
 In the year of its last run, "The New York Times" said that it "...was known to railroad buffs for 65 years as the world's greatest train".
 The train traveled between Grand Central Terminal (GCT) in New York City and LaSalle Street Station in Chicago, Illinois, along the railroad's "Water Level Route".
