The Lawrence Line was a boundary line or partition line drawn through the Province of New Jersey during the colonial period, dividing it into the Province of West Jersey and the Province of East Jersey.
 The line was created by surveyor John Lawrence in 1743, and sought to offer final resolution to the division between the two proprietary colonies set out on the Quintipartite Deed (1676) which divided New Jersey by a straight line from “the Northernmost Branch of said Bay or River of De la Ware which is in forty-one Degrees and forty minutes of latitude…unto the most southwardly poynt of the East syde of Little Egge Harbour.”
 Several previous surveys, including the Keith Line (1686), the Coxe–Barclay Line (1688), the Thornton Line (1696) were disputed and drawn too far west.
 Lawrence was commissioned in 1743 to resolve the long-standing disputes.
Dr. Ali Shayegan (Persian: علی شایگان‎ ‎ ; March 1, 1903 in Iran – May 15, 1981 in Westwood, New Jersey), was an opponent of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and lived in political exile in New York and New Jersey from 1958.
 Dr. Shayegan, one of the leaders of the National Front of Iran, was also a Member of Parliament, the Minister of Education and a close aide to Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh, whose government was overthrown by army officers loyal to the Shah in 1953 in a coup d'état orchestrated by the CIA.
 Following the coup, Dr. Hossein Fatemi, also a leader in the National Front and close associate of Shayegan was executed.
 Shayegan was initially sentenced to life imprisonment and then to ten years.
 After three years he was exiled to Europe and later came to America.
 He organized the Iranian National Front in Exile in New York in the late 1950s and helped in the formation of the Confederation of Iranian Students.
Poutine ( ; ) is a Quebecois–Canadian dish originally made with French fries and cheese curds topped with a brown gravy.
 The dish emerged in the late 1950s in the Centre-du-Québec area.
 For most of its existence, poutine was negatively perceived and mocked, which is in drastic contrast with its later popularity.
 In the past, poutine was even used as a means of stigmatization against the Quebec society.
 Today, poutine is celebrated both within and outside Quebec borders.
 Poutine festivals are held in Drummondville, Montreal, Quebec City, Toronto and Ottawa, as well as in other places, including some outside of Canada: Chicago and New Hampshire.
 Poutine is now served using different toppings and ingredients beyond the original French fries, cheese curds, and brown gravy.
 Nicolas Fabien-Ouellet, the author of "Poutine Dynamics" (a peer-reviewed article published in CuiZine), suggests that with its increasing variations, poutine has emerged as a new dish classification in its own right, just like sandwiches, dumplings, soups, flatbreads.
The Mount Holyoke College Girls' Golf Team was founded in 1977 and is one of the most well-known golf programs in the New England region.
 In 2007, Mount Holyoke qualified for the NCAA Division III National Championships, which marks the fourth time the program has accomplished this goal.
 The team additionally has a long-standing tradition of sending numerous individual qualifiers to the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
 Mount Holyoke College competes against NCAA Division I teams such as Harvard University, Yale University, College of the Holy Cross, and the University of Hartford.
Boylan Bottling Company is an American gourmet soft drink manufacturer located in New York City.
 The company was located in Haledon, New Jersey from the late 1950s until 2001, when its facilities were relocated to Clifton, New Jersey for a short time before again being relocated to Moonachie, then Teterboro, and, in 2013, New York City.
 The Boylan brand was registered in 1891.
 As part of their gourmet image, Boylan has only used cane sugar to sweeten their beverages, while most other American beverage manufacturers use high fructose corn syrup due to the prohibitive cost of purchasing sugar (two to three times higher than the rest of the world) for mass production.
Hillside Terrace is an unincorporated community located within Robbinsville Township in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.
 The community consists of single-family houses on both sides of Robbinsville-Allentown Road (County Route 526) between U.S. Route 130 and the New Jersey Turnpike.
 The original section of the neighborhood near the intersection of CR 526 and Spring Garden Road was constructed between the late 1950s and the early 1960s.
 A more modern subdivision was constructed on the southwestern side of CR 526 by 1995 consisting of larger homes.
Route 92 was a 6.7 mi proposed branch of the New Jersey Turnpike that would have run from west to east, beginning at U.S. Route 1 just north of Ridge Road (old CR 522) in South Brunswick Township, east along Route 32, to Exit 8A in Monroe Township.
 Route 92 was also assigned in the 1953 renumbering and by the late 1950s it was named the Princeton–Hightstown Bypass, a freeway planned to connect the Somerset Freeway (an unbuilt section of Interstate 95) in Montgomery Township (near Skillman), with Route 33 in East Windsor Township (east of Hightstown).
 In 1987, the planned Route 92 was truncated to only run east from U.S. Route 1 near Kingston.
 New plans were announced in 1994, this time running to US 1 near Princeton.
 After public hearings found opposition was still strong, the planned route was truncated to a much shorter bypass of Hightstown only and numbered Route 133.
 Construction on the road, the first project awarded under New Jersey's modified Design-build program, began on September 20, 1996 and was opened November 30, 1999.
Columbus is an unincorporated community located within Mansfield Township in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.
 The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08022.
 Most of Mansfield Township's governmental offices are located in and around Columbus.
 It is also the main business district in the township with many businesses lining the main roads in the area.
 It is located at the junction of County Route 543 (which passes east and west through the area) and U.S. Route 206 (US 206) which is a major highway that heads north and south.
 US 206 originally passed through the center of Columbus on Atlantic Avenue and New York Avenue until it was moved to a short four-lane bypass of downtown in the late 1950s/early 1960s.
 The old surface route became state-maintained New Jersey Route 170 but became a county-maintained road (Burlington CR 690) in 1986.
Voom HD Networks was a suite of 21 original high-definition television channels owned by Rainbow Media, a subsidiary of Cablevision.
 The channels were produced in Crystal Clear Hi-Definition with Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound and were the largest suite of HD channels in the world.
 As part of a 15-year agreement between Rainbow Media and Dish Network, these channels were available on Dish Network until May 12, 2008, when Dish walked away from the contract just over two years into the deal.
 Left without a national distribution partner, the channels were removed from Cablevision in New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut on January 20, 2009.
The cuisine of New Jersey is derived from the long history of immigrants to the state and its close proximity to New York City and Philadelphia.
 Restaurants in the state make use of locally grown ingredients such as asparagus, blueberries, cranberries, tomatoes, corn, and peaches.
 New Jersey is home to approximately 525 diners, the most of any state, and where disco fries are a long-standing tradition.
 Various foods invented in the state, such as the pork roll, also known as taylor ham, and salt water taffy remain popular there today.
