Chronicle is a 2012 American found footage science-fiction thriller film directed by Josh Trank and written by Max Landis based on a story by both.
 It follows three Seattle high school seniors, bullied Andrew (Dane DeHaan), his cousin Matt (Alex Russell) and more popular Steve (Michael B. Jordan), who form a bond after gaining telekinetic powers from an unknown object.
 They first use their abilities for mischief and personal gain until Andrew turns to darker purposes.
Drake & Josh is an American television sitcom created by Dan Schneider for Nickelodeon.
 The series follows the lives of two teenage boys with opposite personalities, Drake Parker (Drake Bell) and Josh Nichols (Josh Peck), who become stepbrothers.
 Both actors previously appeared in "The Amanda Show" along with Nancy Sullivan, who plays Drake and Megan's mother in the series.
 Miranda Cosgrove plays Megan, Drake's mischievous younger sister, and Jonathan Goldstein plays Walter, Josh's father.
 The series' opening theme song, "Found a Way", is written by Drake Bell and Backhouse Mike and performed by Bell.
 The series ran from January 11, 2004, to September 16, 2007, totaling 57 episodes in 4 seasons.
 It also had two TV films: "Drake & Josh Go Hollywood" and "Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh".
Valerio Spada (born 1972) is an Italian photographer best known for his book "Gomorrah Girl".
 In 2013 he was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship for Creative Arts, Photography.
 The Fellowship was awarded in support of his work exposing the hardships of those living in the impoverished parts of Italy.
 Previous Guggenheim Fellows include Robert Frank, Cindy Sherman, John Gossage, Edward Weston and Diane Arbus.
 His work has been exhibited internationally, including in the US and Europe.
Joshua Benjamin "Josh" Trank (born February 19, 1984) is an American film director, screenwriter, and editor.
 He is known for directing the 2012 science fiction film "Chronicle" and the 2015 superhero film "Fantastic Four", both of which feature Michael B. Jordan in a starring role.
The Rapino Brothers are record producers Charlie Mallozzi and Marco Sabiu known for their work during the 1990s with artists like Kylie Minogue, Dannii Minogue, Paola e Chiara, Valerio Scanu, Lydia Canaan, and Primal Scream.
Industrialnation was an independent international underground music magazine based in Oakland, California.
 The magazine was founded in Iowa City, Iowa in 1991 by Paul Valerio.
 Issue #1 was released as a half-sized black & white xerox fanzine with a press run of 100 copies.
 It quickly grew in size and depth to document the underground electronic music industry and culture.
 In 1995 the magazine's home base relocated to Chicago.
 "Industrialnation" upgraded to a full-size format (8.5"×11") with full-color glossy cover and newsprint interior.
 After publishing issue #16 in 1998, the editorial staff take a hiatus from publishing and is widely considered to be defunct, like so many other fanzines from the late 1990s.
Roddy Alfredo Pérez Valerio (October 20, 1982.
 Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic), known professionally as Roddy Pérez is a Dominican Film Producer, Director and Scriptwriter.
 Founder and creator of Videoclip Awards and Dominican Film Market officially the first film market in the history of the Caribbean Region film Industry.
 In 2007 was the first dominican selected to the Berlinale Talents of the Berlin International Film Festival.
 Won in 2007 as Iberoamerican Film Producer of The Year in the Morelia Lab of the Morelia International Film Festival (FICM).
Fantastic Four (stylized as Fant4stic) is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name.
 It is the third theatrical "Fantastic Four" film to be produced and distributed by 20th Century Fox, and a reboot of the "Fantastic Four" film franchise.
 Directed by Josh Trank, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jeremy Slater and Simon Kinberg, the film stars Miles Teller, Michael B. Jordan, Kate Mara, Jamie Bell and Toby Kebbell.
 In "Fantastic Four", the team must learn to harness their superhuman abilities gained from an alternate universe to save Earth from a friend turned enemy.
Mike Valerio is an award-winning writer, producer, director, and executive in the entertainment industry for over 20 years.
 Valerio has worked on over a hundred TV shows, films, documentaries, and mini-series and over a dozen television networks and entertainment companies.
 Valerio is most famous for his 1999 film "Carlo's Wake".
James Valerio (born 1938) is a U.S. artist specializing in photorealist paintings.
 Valerio was educated at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, receiving a BfA in 1966 and an MfA in 1968.
 His work is included in the collection of the Butler Institute of American Art and other museums.
