The Hodges Baronetcy, of Middlesex, was a title in the Baronetage of England.
 It was created on 31 March 1697 for William Hodges, Member of Parliament for Mitchell.
 The title became extinct on the death of the second Baronet in 1722.
Quark Expeditions is the leader in Arctic and Antarctic expedition travel.
 The adventure travel company offers Polar Region expeditions aboard purpose-built small expedition ships and icebreakers carrying fewer than 200 passengers, and on unique land-based adventures.
 Each polar expedition ship features ice-strengthened hulls for superior navigation in ice-packed polar waters, and Zodiacs (inflatable landing craft) for safe, comfortable transfers ship to shore, allowing passengers to reach some of the world’s most remote places.
 Expedition team members are experts in various disciplines including polar history, biology, geology, photography, ornithology, glaciology and more.
 Additionally, many expeditions feature renowned special guests and speakers.
 Adventure activities are offered on each expedition.
Marine art was especially popular in Britain during the Romantic Era, and taken up readily by British artists in part because of England's geographical form (an island).
 This article deals with marine art as a specialized genre practised by artists who did little or nothing else, and does not cover the marine works of the leading painters of the period, such as, and above all, J.M.W. Turner.
 The tradition of British marine art as a specialized genre with a strong emphasis on the shipping depicted began in large part with the artists Willem Van de Velde the Elder and his son, called the Younger in the early 18th century.
 The Van Veldes, originally from Holland, moved to England to work for King Charles II).
 By the 17th century, marine art was commissioned mostly by merchant seamen and naval officers and created by marine art specialists (rather than artists in general).
 In part, marine art served as a visual portrayal of Britain's power on the sea and as a way of historically documenting battles and the like.
 As British sea captains began to recognize the ability of marine artists to bring Britain's success on the sea to the public on land, some took on an active role in supporting this type of artwork.
 For example, marine artist Robert Cleveley was hired Captain William Locker to work in HMS Thames as a clerk, and Captain Locker, interested in employing artists, is believed to have played a significant role in encouraging Cleveley to work as a marine painter.
 Captains would act as marine artists' patrons, commissioning them to paint portraits of themselves and pictures depicting important battles.
 A few significant marine artists who were supported in this way by naval officers are (among others) Nicholas Pocock, Thomas Luny, and George Chambers.
 William Hodges, for example, who was trained to draw at William Shipley's Academy (studying under Richard Wilson), was hired by the Admiralty to finish his pictures from Cook's 1772 voyage for publication upon reaching home in 1775.
 Captains also commissioned artists to paint portraits of their ships.
Vastitas Borealis (Latin, 'northern waste' ) is the largest lowland region of Mars.
 It is in the northerly latitudes of the planet and encircles the northern polar region.
 Vastitas Borealis is often simply referred to as the northern plains , northern lowlands or the North polar erg of Mars.
 The plains lie 4–5 km below the mean radius of the planet, and is centered at .
 To the north lies Planum Boreum.
 A small part of Vastitas Borealis lies in the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle.
The Dorsa Argentea Formation (DAF) is thought to be a large system of eskers that were under an ancient ice cap in the south polar region of Mars.
 The ancient ice cap was at least twice the size of the present ice cap and may have been 1500-2000 meters thick.
 This group of ridges extends from 270–100 E and 70–90 S, around the south pole of Mars.
 It sits under the Late Amazonian South Polar Layered Deposits (SPLD), in the Mare Australe quadrangle.
 The amount of these ridges is huge, one study studied seven different ridge systems which contained almost 4,000 ridges that had a total length 51,000 km.
The Antarctic (US English , UK English or and or ) is a polar region, specifically the region around the Earth's South Pole, opposite the Arctic region around the North Pole.
 The Antarctic comprises in the strict sense the continent of Antarctica and the island territories located on the Antarctic Plate.
 In a broader sense the Antarctic region include the ice shelves, waters, and island territories in the Southern Ocean situated south of the Antarctic Convergence, a zone approximately 32 to wide varying in latitude seasonally.
 The region covers some 20% of the Southern Hemisphere, of which 5.5% (14 million km) is the surface area of the Antarctic continent itself.
 All of the land and ice shelves south of 60°S latitude are administrated under the Antarctic Treaty System.
 In a biogeographic sense, the Antarctic ecozone is one of eight ecozones of the Earth's land surface.
William Hodges RA (28 October 1744 – 6 March 1797) was an English painter.
 He was a member of James Cook's second voyage to the Pacific Ocean, and is best known for the sketches and paintings of locations he visited on that voyage, including Table Bay, Tahiti, Easter Island, and the Antarctic.
Fort Conger is a former settlement, military fortification, and scientific research post in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.
 It was established in 1881 as an Arctic exploration camp, notable as the site of the first major northern polar region scientific expedition, led by Adolphus Greely as part of the US government's contribution to the First International Polar Year.
 It was later occupied by Robert Peary during some of his Arctic expeditions.
 In 1991, some of the structures at Fort Conger were designated as Classified Federal Heritage Buildings.
The Centre for Polar Observation & Modelling (CPOM) is a centre for research into polar region processes which may affect: polar atmosphere and ocean circulation; the Earth's albedo; and global sea levels.
 It is funded by the Natural Environment Research Council, a UK Research Council.
Sally Poncet (born 1954) is an Australian-born scientist and adventurer who has explored and studied the Antarctic region since 1977.
 Her specialty is birds and she made extensive studies of albatross and their habitats for the British Antarctic Survey.
 She has written guidebooks on preservation of the flora and fauna of South Georgia and received numerous awards and honors, including the Blue Water Medal, the Fuchs Medal and the Polar Medal for her contributions to understanding the southern polar region.
