The mortgage industry of the United States is a major financial sector.
 The federal government created several programs, or government sponsored entities, to foster mortgage lending, construction and encourage home ownership.
 These programs include the Government National Mortgage Association (known as Ginnie Mae), the Federal National Mortgage Association (known as Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (known as Freddie Mac).
Quicken Loans Inc., is a mortgage lending company headquartered in the One Campus Martius building in the heart of the financial district of downtown Detroit, Michigan.
 In 2012, it became the second largest overall retail lender in the U.S. (it is also the largest online retail mortgage lender).
 Unlike other large mortgage lenders that depend on deposits, Quicken Loans relies on wholesale funding to make its loans and uses online applications rather than a branch system.
 Title Source and One Reverse Mortgage are also part of the Quicken Loans Family of Companies.
 Quicken Loans closed $79 billion in home loan volume in 2015.
Taylor, Bean & Whitaker was a top-10 wholesale mortgage lending firm, the fifth-largest issuer of Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA or Ginnie Mae) securities.
 Their slogan was "Perfecting the Art of Mortgage Lending".
LIXI is an Australian, member-based not-for-profit company that develops data message transaction standards for the Australian mortgage processing industry, and promotes improvements in efficiency in mortgage processing.
 Owned by the members of the initiative, LIXI represents participants in the residential mortgage lending industry.
 Founded in 2001, LIXI has developed and released standards for such transactions as mortgage applications, property valuations, broker commissions and several others.
Mortgage discrimination or mortgage lending discrimination is the practice of banks, governments or other lending institutions denying loans to one or more groups of people primarily on the basis of race, ethnic origin, sex or religion.
American Freedom Mortgage, Inc. (AFM) was a private S Corporation incorporated on February 2, 2001, according to the Georgia Secretary of State, and headquartered in Marietta, Georgia.
 AFM conducted business as a multi-state direct-to-consumer correspondent lender and mortgage broker specializing in the origination of subprime and Alt-A mortgage loans. AFM also operated a wholesale mortgage lending division that originated loans via approved mortgage brokers and which used the fictitious name AFMI Funding.
 As a correspondent lender, AFM sold the mortgage loans on the open market to larger investors.
Home Capital Group is a Canadian holding company.
 Through its subsidiary Home Trust Company, it provides Canadians a range of credit products including mortgages, credit cards and deposit services.
 It is regulated under federal legislation.
 Home Trust operates mainly in regions considered low risk where above average returns may be achieved; it also tends to focus on areas largely ignored by other mortgage lenders.
 During the 2008 economic crisis, it faced less competition (the number of competitors was halved over the last couple years) and its customer base is unique (overrepresented by people who have had credit problems).
 Mortgaged properties are residential and non-residential and include apartment and office buildings, hotels, construction and industrial complexes (retail mortgage lending which is also one of the main sources of organic growth, is at the core of the company's business).
 Much of the consumer lending business is done under the PSiGate banner (including credit cards).
Paramount Equity LLC., headquartered in Roseville, California, and consists of Paramount Equity Mortgage, a residential mortgage lending company, Paramount Solar, a residential solar power solutions company, and Paramount Equity Insurance Services.
Suomen AsuntoHypoPankki is a Finnish bank specialized in mortgage lending.
 The parent company of Suomen AsuntoHypoPankki is The Mortgage Society of Finland, a building society established in 1860.
 The Mortgage Society has more than 10,000 members.
Coop Mortgage Bank (CMB) is a mortgage lending company based in Ibadan, Nigeria.
 It was registered and licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria in 1993, and commenced mortgage banking operations in 1994.
