JIB (official English name: Japan International Broadcasting Inc.) is a Japanese broadcasting organization.
 It is a subsidiary of the Japanese national public broadcasting organization, NHK.
 It is the official distribution agent for NHK's international NHK World and NHK World Premium television channels.
Tottoko Hamutaro Haai!
 (とっとこハム太郎は〜い!
 , Tottoko Hamutarō Hai! )
 is the sequel to 'Tottoko Hamutaro: Hamu Hamu Paradichu!
.
 The series revolves around the 15 original Ham-Hams in short 5-minute episodes.
 The Hai!
 series is animated differently from the original series, most notably, the head-to-body ratio is off, and it is also computer-generated in 3-D.
 It has never been aired in English, but has aired in Italian under the title of "Hi!
 Hamtaro: Piccoli Criceti Grandi Avventure", in Mandarin under the same name as the original series, "Hamutailang" (Hamtaro), as well as in Thai and Korean, and in Indonesian under "Hi!
 Hamtaro: Little Hamsters, Big Adventures (its official English name) .
 There is a video game called "Tottoko Hamutaro Hai!
: Hamu Hamu Challenge!
 Atsumare Hai!"
 in allusion to the series, which is called "Hi!
 Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Challenge" in English to reflect the show's official English name.
The Régie de l'assurance maladie du Québec (RAMQ, often pronounced "ram-q" by French and English speakers alike) is the government health insurance board in the province of Quebec, Canada.
 The no-longer official English name is Quebec Health Insurance Board.
The proper name of Quebec City is Québec (with an acute accent), in both official languages of Canada (English and French).
 This name is used by both the federal and provincial governments.
 The acute accent differentiates between the official English name of the city, Québec, and the constitutional English name of the province, Quebec.
Lund Observatory is the official English name for the astronomy department at Lund University.
 As of January 2010, Lund Observatory is part of the Department of Astronomy and Theoretical Physics at Lund University.
 It is located in Lund, Sweden.
The Wrocław University of Economics "(Uniwersytet Ekonomiczny we Wrocławiu)" is one of ten public universities located in Wrocław, Poland.
 Originally established in 1947 as a private business school (then named "Wyższa Szkoła Handlowa", or "Trade College"), it was nationalized in 1954 under the name "Wyższa Szkoła Ekonomiczna", "College of Economics").
 In October 1974 it was named after the Polish economist Oskar Lange, although his name does not occur in the official English name of the university.
 Changing the name to the Wrocław University of Economics "(Uniwersytet Ekonomiczny we Wrocławiu)" in 2008 removed Oskar Lange from the name of the University.
The City of Capitals (Russian: Город Столиц , "Gorod Stolits", literally ""a city of capital cities"", official English name: Capital City) is a multifunctional complex, including twin tower skyscrapers, located on plot 9 in the Moscow International Business Center in Moscow.
 The City of Capitals, symbolising Moscow and St. Petersburg, was completed in 2009.
 The "Moscow Tower" is taller than Naberezhnaya Tower and was the tallest in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) and in Europe with a height of 301.6 metres, until the construction of The Shard in London, United Kingdom, exceeded this height on 17 January 2012.
 On 1 November 2012 the Mercury City Tower, another skyscraper in development for the Moscow International Business Center, overtook The Shard as Europe's tallest building.
Sûreté du Québec (] , "Quebec Safety"), abbreviated SQ, is the provincial police force for the Canadian province of Quebec.
 No official English name exists, but Quebec Provincial Police is a common translation.
 The headquarters of the Sûreté du Québec are located on Parthenais street in Montreal and the force employs roughly 5,200 officers.
 SQ is the second largest provincial force (behind the Ontario Provincial Police) and fourth largest force in Canada (behind the Toronto Police Service, Ontario Provincial Police, and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police).
The Debrecen Reformed Theological University (Hungarian: "Debreceni Református Hittudományi Egyetem"), in English translation also known as Debrecen University of Reformed Theology (but the first form is the official English name) is originated from the Debrecen Reformed College of historical importance (founded in 1538).
 The University is one of the Hungarian centres for Protestant theological training, with a major interest in training ministers for the Reformed Church in Hungary.
The Tornjak (pronunciation is "tornyak") is a mountain sheep dog native to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia.
 FCI #355 as Bosnian-Herzegovinian and Croatian Shepherd Dog (official English name) or Tornjak (official original name).>
