The Theotokos of Vladimir (Greek: Θεοτόκος του Βλαντίμιρ ), also known as Our Lady of Vladimir, Vladimir Mother of God, or Virgin of Vladimir (Russian: Владимирская Икона Божией Матери ) is a medieval Byzantine icon of the Virgin and Child.
 In 1169 Andrei Bogolyubsky sacked Kiev, and, after plundering the city, stole much religious artwork, including a Byzantine "Mother of God" icon which was transferred to Vladimir (for references see Yury Dolgorukiy and Andrey Bogolyubskiy).
 It is one of the most venerated Orthodox icons and a fine and early example of the iconography of the "Eleusa" (tenderness) type, with the Christ child snuggling up to his mother's cheek.
 The "Theotokos" (Greek for Virgin Mary, literally meaning "Birth-Giver of God") is regarded as the holy protectress of Russia.
 The icon is displayed in the Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow in a functioning church in the grounds of the museum.
 Her feast day is June 23rd o.s. / July 6th n.s. Even more than most famous icons, the original has been copied repeatedly for centuries, and many copies have considerable artistic and religious significance of their own.
Isabel Briggs Myers (October 18, 1897 – May 5, 1980) was an American author and co-creator of a personality inventory known as the Myers–Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI).
 Briggs Myers created the MBTI with her mother, Katharine Cook Briggs.
The beginnings of Portuguese poetry go back to the early 12th century, around the time when the County of Portugal separated from the medieval Kingdom of Galicia in the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula.
 It was in this region that the ancestral language of both modern Portuguese and modern Galician, known today as Galician-Portuguese, was the common language of the people.
 Like the troubadour culture in the Iberian Peninsula and the rest of Europe, Galician-Portuguese poets sang the love for a woman, which often turned into personal insults, as she had hurt her lover's pride.
 However, this region produced a specific type of song, known as "cantigas de amigo" (songs of a friend).
 In these, the lyrical subject is always a woman (though the singer was male) talking about her friend (lover) from whom she has been separated - by war or other activities - as shown in the Reconquista.
 They discuss the loneliness that the woman feels.
 But some poems also project eroticism, or confess the lover's meeting in a secret place, often through a dialogue she has with her mother or with natural elements (such could be considered a custom adapted from the pagan peoples in the region).
 Epic poetry was also produced, as was common in Romantic medieval regions ("Gesta de D. Afonso Henriques", of unknown authorship).
The "Type A Ko-hyoteki" (甲標的甲型 , Kō-hyōteki kō-gata , Target 'A', Type 'A') class was a class of Japanese midget submarines ("Ko-hyoteki") used during World War II.
 They had hull numbers but no names.
 For simplicity, they are most often referred to by the hull number of the mother submarine.
 Thus, the midget carried by "I-16"-class submarine was known as I-16's boat, or "I-16tou."
Tripura Sundari Temple is situated in the ancient Udaipur, about 55 km from Agartala, Tripura believed to be one of the holiest Hindu shrines in this part of the country.
 Popularly known as Matabari, crowns in a small hillock and is served by the red-robed priests who traditionally, minister to the mother goddess Tripura Sundari.
 Considered to be one of the 51 Shakti Peethas, consists of a square type sanctum of the typical Bengali hut.
 It is believed that Sati's right foot fell here during Lord Shiva's Dance.
 The temple consist a square type sanctum with a conical dome.
 It was constructed by Maharaja Dhanya Manikya in 1501A.
D, there are two identical images of the same deity inside the temple.
 They are known as Tripura Sundari (5 feet high) and Chhotima (2 feet high) in Tripura.
 The idol of Kali is worshiped at the temple of Tripura Sundari in the form of 'Soroshi'.
 One is made of kasti stone which is reddish black in colour.
 It is believed that the idol was Chhotima was carried by king in battlefield.
 This temple is also known as Kurma Pitha because it the temple premises resembles kurma i.e. tortoise.
 Every year on Diwali, a famous Mela takes place near the temple which is visited by more than two lakhs pilgrims.
Giselle Cossard Binon Omindarewa, (31 May 1923, Tangier - 21 January 2016, Duke of Caxias), Mãe-de-santo of Candomblé of Rio de Janeiro, was a French Brazilian anthropologist and writer.
 She was also known as Mother Giselle of Yemoja, Daughter of Saint John of Goméia, Initiated for the Orisha Yemoja.
Eve's pudding, also known as Mother Eve's pudding, is a type of traditional British pudding now made from apples and Victoria sponge cake mixture.
 The apples are allowed to stew at the bottom of the baking dish while the cake mixture cooks on top.
 The name is a reference to the biblical Eve.
 It is a simplified version of Duke of Cumberland's pudding.
 The earliest known version dates from 1824, predating baking powder, and therefore uses grated bread and shredded suet.
"Sweet Porridge", often known in English under the title of "The Magic Porridge Pot", is a folkloric German fairy tale recorded by the Brothers Grimm, as tale number 103 in "Grimm's Fairy Tales", in the 19th century.
 It is Aarne-Thompson type 565, the magic mill.
 Other tales of this type include "Why the Sea Is Salt" and "The Water Mother".
Neonatal isoerythrolysis, also known as hemolytic icterus, is a disease most commonly seen in kittens and foals, but has also been reported in puppies.
 In the kitten this is referred to as "fading kitten syndrome."
 It occurs when the mother has antibodies against the blood type of the newborn.
Paternity fraud, also known as misattributed paternity or paternal discrepancy, is a type of fraud that occurs when, in a non-paternity event, a mother names a man to be the biological father of a child, when she knows or suspects that he is not the biological father.
 The modern concept of paternity fraud is related to the historical understanding of adultery.
