Lezlie Deane (born June 1, 1964) is an American singer, musician, rollerderby athlete, and actress who has starred in film, made television appearances and has toured the world as a rock musician.
 She was once best known for her roles in horror films including "976-EVIL", "Girlfriend from Hell" (1989), and the hit horror movie "" (1991) in the role of Tracy, and also her association with the controversial Dance-Pop band, Fem2Fem; however, her current band Scary Cherry and the Bang Bangs has created quite a buzz in the Glam Punk, #Glitterpunk, Glitter Rock Revival and Rock world where they have achieved cult status as well as winning an Independent Music Award (Vox Populi “voice of the people”) for best rock song "Don't Wanna".
Frederick Dewey Smith (September 14, 1948 – November 4, 1994), known professionally as Fred "Sonic" Smith, was an American guitarist, best known as a member of the influential and political, Detroit rock band, the MC5.
 At age 31, he married and raised a family with poet and fellow rock musician, Patti Smith.
 The couple collaborated musically, and raised two children together.
"Am I Ever Gonna See Your Face Again" is an Australian rock song written by Doc Neeson, John Brewster and Rick Brewster, and performed by their group, the Angels.
 The song was initially recorded as a ballad in March 1976 but subsequently re-released as a rock song.
 The song is best known for the expletive-laden audience response, "No Way, Get Fucked, Fuck Off", to the live version, which was issued in March 1988.
 This chant has been described by "The Guardian"' s Darryl Mason as "one of the most famous in Australian rock history".
"Bad Love" is a rock song written and recorded by the British rock musician Eric Clapton, who co-wrote the title with Foreigner's lead guitarist Mick Jones.
 The track was released as the third single from Eric Clapton's 1989 studio album "Journeyman" on March 10, 1990 for Reprise Records a sublabel of the Warner Music Group company.
"'Crimen'" (Spanish for "Crime") is a song written and recorded by Argentine rock musician Gustavo Cerati.
 It is one of the most popular songs from his solo career and it's recognized as one of his signature songs.
 It was released as the twelfth track of the album Ahí vamos (Spanish for "There we go"), in 2006.
 The song won the Latin Grammy in 2007 and the MTV Awards in 2006 for "Best Rock Song" among other awards ("See "Crimen" Awards").
Michael Kenneth Been (March 17, 1950 – August 19, 2010) was an American rock musician who achieved critical attention and rotation play on MTV in the 1980s with his band The Call.
 He later released an album of his solo work and toured with his son's band Black Rebel Motorcycle Club.
 His song "Let the Day Begin" was the official campaign song of Al Gore's 2000 U.S. presidential campaign.
 His song "Oklahoma" was one of the top ten choices for Oklahoma's official state rock song and a line from the song provided the name for "Another Hot Oklahoma Night: A Rock & Roll Exhibit" at the Oklahoma History Center.
Jeffrey Philip LaBar (born March 18, 1963, in Darby, Pennsylvania) is an American guitarist most famous for playing in the band Cinderella, in which he replaced original guitarist Michael Smerick, also known as Michael Kelly Smith.
 LaBar also has a side band with Cinderella bandmate Eric Brittingham called Naked Beggars.
 During Cinderella's temporary break-up in the mid-1990s, LaBar supported himself by running a pizza shop with his brother and by doing assorted construction jobs.
 LaBar and Cinderella recently completed their 20th anniversary tour with fellow rock veterans Poison, who were also celebrating 20 years in the business.
"Gotta Get Over" is a pop rock song written by Doyle Bramhall II, Nikka Costa and Justin Stanley.
 It was recorded by the British rock musician Eric Clapton for his 2013 studio album "Old Sock".
 On February 14, 2013, the song was released as a digital download and CD single for Bushbranch and Surfdog Records.
 It features backing vocals by Chaka Khan.
"Angel" is a pop rock song written by the American recording artist J.J. Cale.
 The British rock musician Eric Clapton covered the song and released his take on the track in 2013 on his studio album "Old Sock" for Polydor Records.
 The title was also released as a digital download single on March 4, 2013.
"Bottle of Red Wine" is an uptempo blues rock song, written and recorded by the British rock musician Eric Clapton for his eponymous studio album "Eric Clapton" in 1970 under Polydor Records.
 The recording was produced by Delaney Bramlett and is of a three-minute and six second duration.
 Polydor Records released the song as the B-side to the 1970 single release "Blues Power".
 The song is written in the key of C major, played with the blues scale.
 Music critic Robert Christgau notes, that the tune does not deserve a "classic status".
 The title is also included on the 1972 compilation album "Eric Clapton at His Best".
