Callington Mill is a Lincolnshire tower mill built in 1837 in Oatlands, Tasmania by John Vincent.
 It has recently been restored so that it is now in full working order and is the only operating mill of its type in the Southern Hemisphere.
 It is the third oldest windmill in Australia.
 Traditional baker and blacksmith Alan Scott was a central figure at the mill.
 Today the mill is a major tourist attraction of Oatlands.
 Visitors are able to climb the internal stairs for a view across Oatlands and surrounds.
 The mill site comprises the windmill, a granary, stable, miller’s cottage and mill owner’s house.
Rimstone, also called gours, is a type of speleothem (cave formation) in the form of a stone dam.
 Rimstone is made up of calcite and other minerals that build up in cave pools.
 The formation created, which looks like stairs, often extends into flowstone above or below the original rimstone.
 Often, rimstone is covered with small, micro-gours on horizontal surfaces.
 Rimstone basins may form terraces that extend over hundreds of feet, with single basins known up to 200 feet long from Tham Xe Biang Fai in Laos
A voice type is a particular human singing voice identified as having certain qualities or characteristics of vocal range, vocal weight, tessitura, vocal timbre, and vocal transition points ("passaggio"), such as breaks and lifts within the voice.
 Other considerations are physical characteristics, speech level, scientific testing, and vocal register.
 A singer's voice type is identified by a process known as voice classification, by which the human voice is evaluated and thereby designated into a particular voice type.
 The discipline of voice classification developed within European classical music and is not generally applicable to other forms of singing.
 Voice classification is often used within opera to associate possible roles with potential voices.
 Several different voice classification systems are available to identify voice types, including the German "Fach" system and the choral music system among many others; no system is universally applied or accepted.
Wishing Stairs ( also known as Whispering Corridors 3: Wishing Stairs) is a 2003 South Korean horror film.
 It is the third installment of the "Whispering Corridors" film series set in girls high schools, but, as with all films in the series, is unrelated to the others; apart from a song being sung in one scene that is a pivotal plot in "Voice".
The Highland Inn (1908–1957) was a year-round resort hotel built and operated by the Grand Trunk Railway (GTR), in Ontario’s Algonquin Provincial Park.
 It was located near the park offices on the northern edge of Cache Lake, and was a focal point for the park for many years.
 Wishing to return the park lands to a more natural state, the Inn was purchased by the Ontario Government in 1957 and removed.
 Today all that remains are traces of the concrete stairs and platform that met the CNR line, which was lifted after departure of the last train in 1959.
Cheon Soo-yeon (born Cheon Seong-im on August 15, 1981), better known by her stage name Song Ji-hyo, is a South Korean actress and model.
 She made her acting debut in "Wishing Stairs" (2003), one of the horror "Whispering Corridors film series".
 She then received further recognition for her roles in the romantic comedy drama "Princess Hours" (2006), the historical drama "Jumong" (2006), the historical film "A Frozen Flower" (2008), the crime film "New World" (2013), the romantic comedy drama "Emergency Couple" (2014), and family melodrama "My Wife's Having an Affair this Week" (2016).
The Exchange Ilford is the main retail shopping mall in the town centre of Ilford, London.
 It was owned by The Mall Fund for a period of time but has now been sold and reverted to its original name of "The Exchange Mall".
 It trades from three levels of retail, though its architectural design layout has resulted in the lower floor of retail being separated into two parts, meaning customers wishing to access both parts of the lower level have to travel between the sections via the middle level.
 There is also an upper level of retail and food court facilities accessed from the middle level.
 Transit between levels is via a series of lifts, stairs and escalators within the Mall; in addition, some stores trade from two or more levels of the mall.
Wishing well is a type of well in European folklore.
Ninnu Kori (English: "Wishing For You" ) is a Telugu language romance film directed by debutant Shiva Nirvana and produced by DVV Danayya under DVV Entertainments.
 Nani and Nivetha Thomas play the lead roles in the movie while Aadhi Pinisetty plays a pivotal role.
 Gopi Sunder was roped in to compose music for the film.
 Prawin Pudi and Karthik Ghattamaneni are the editor and cinematographer of this movie respectively.
 The movie was launched in November 2016 and shooting commenced in February 2017 in the United States.
 The film released on July 7, 2017.
The list of ancient spiral stairs contains a selection of Greco-Roman spiral stairs constructed during classical antiquity.
 The spiral stair is a type of stairway which, due to its complex helical structure, has been introduced relatively late into architecture.
 Although the oldest example dates back to the 5th century BC, it was only in the wake of the influential design of the Trajan's Column that this space-saving new type permanently caught hold in Roman architecture.
