A Double Life is a 1947 film noir which tells the story of an actor whose mind becomes affected by the character he portrays.
 The movie starred Ronald Colman and Signe Hasso.
 It was directed by George Cukor and written for the screen by Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin.
 Ronald Colman won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in this film.
Bachelor Mother (1939) is an American comedy film directed by Garson Kanin, and starring Ginger Rogers, David Niven, and Charles Coburn.
 The screenplay was written by Norman Krasna based on an Academy Award nominated story by Felix Jackson (a.k.a. Felix Joachimson) written for the 1935 Austrian-Hungarian film "Little Mother".
 With a plot full of mistaken identities, "Bachelor Mother" is a light-hearted treatment of the otherwise serious issues of child abandonment.
They Made Her a Spy is a 1939 American spy drama film produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.
 It was the first film directed by Jack Hively, who after toiling as an editor for RKO for the prior five years, was given the opportunity to direct, and starred Sally Eilers, Allan Lane, Fritz Leiber, and Frank M. Thomas.
 The screenplay, written by Jo Pagano and Academy Award winner Michael Kanin, was based on a story by George Bricker and Lionel Houser.
 The film premiered in New York City on March 29, 1939, and was released nationally two weeks later, on April 14.
Michael Kanin (February 1, 1910 – March 12, 1993) was an American director, producer, playwright and screenwriter who shared an Academy Award with Ring Lardner Jr. in 1942 for writing the Katharine Hepburn-Spencer Tracy film comedy "Woman of the Year".
Seijun Suzuki (鈴木 清順 , Suzuki Seijun ) , born (24 May 1923 – 13 February 2017), was a Japanese filmmaker, actor, and screenwriter.
 His films are known for their jarring visual style, irreverent humour, nihilistic cool and entertainment-over-logic sensibility.
 He made 40 predominately B-movies for the Nikkatsu Company between 1956 and 1967, working most prolifically in the yakuza genre.
 His increasingly surreal style began to draw the ire of the studio in 1963 and culminated in his ultimate dismissal for what is now regarded as his magnum opus, "Branded to Kill" (1967), starring notable collaborator Joe Shishido.
 Suzuki successfully sued the studio for wrongful dismissal, but he was blacklisted for 10 years after that.
 As an independent filmmaker, he won critical acclaim and a Japanese Academy Award for his Taishō Trilogy, "Zigeunerweisen" (1980), "Kagero-za" (1981) and "Yumeji" (1991).
Frank Tarloff (February 4, 1916, Brooklyn, New York – June 25, 1999, Beverly Hills, California) was a blacklisted American screenwriter who won an Academy Award for best original screenplay for "Father Goose".
They Knew What They Wanted is a 1940 film with Carole Lombard, Charles Laughton and William Gargan, directed by Garson Kanin, written by Robert Ardrey.
 It is based on the 1924 Pulitzer Prize winning play with the same name by Sidney Howard.
 For his performance Gargan was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Stephen Laughton is an award winning British playwright.
 He was raised in Stourbridge, Worcestershire.
 He attended the Birmingham School of Speech and Drama, before completing a master's degree at the Central School of Speech and Drama.
 Based in London, he started his career as an associate producer and worked with Rupert Murray and Beadi Finzi on the Academy Award shortlisted "Unknown White Male".
 He was part of the 2011/2012 Royal Court Theatre Invitational Writer's Group.
 His first play "Marina Abramović is Staring at Me" opened Terra Firma Theatre Company’s 2011-12 Boxcar Reading Series in New York at the Railroad Playhouse in Newburgh, NY.
 Before moving on to the Cell Theatre in Manhattan.
 In 2013 he was invited to take part in a series of developmental workshops with the Young Vic Theatre and SoundBites, and his short drama for young audiences, MERRY NEW YEAR was broadcast as part of collaboration between the Hampstead and the Roundhouse Theatre.
 Stephen is currently developing a feature film with Blacklisted Films.
 His play 9 (Lives) was part of the PlayWROUGHT#3 Festival at the Arcola Theatre in January 2015, and his play Run opened at the Vaults Festival in February 2016 to critical acclaim.
 Run then went on to tour the UK, ending its run at The Bunker Theatre in April 2017.
 The play has received widespread critical acclaim and has been nominated for two Off-West End Theatre awards.
 His 2016 short film RWD/FWD, has been nominated for a Drum Content Award and won the 2017 Long Form Charity Film Award.
 His 2016 play, SCREENS opened at Theatre503 to widespread critical acclaim.
The Academy Honorary Award – instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards (previously called the Special Award, which was first presented in early 1929) – is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards, although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award.
 Unless otherwise specified, Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards.
 Unlike the Special Achievement Award instituted in 1972 (and discontinued in 1995), those on whom the Academy confers its Honorary Award do not have to meet "the Academy's eligibility year and deadline requirements."
 Like the Special Achievement Award, the Special Award and Honorary Award have been used to reward significant achievements of the year that did not fit in existing categories, subsequently leading the Academy to establish several new categories, and to honor exceptional career achievements, contributions to the motion picture industry, and service to the Academy.
 The Academy Honorary Award is often awarded in preference to those with noted achievements in motion pictures who have nevertheless never won an Academy Award.
 Thus, many of its recipients are Classic Hollywood stars, such as Lillian Gish, Barbara Stanwyck, Kirk Douglas, and Lauren Bacall.
Woman of the Year (1942) is an American romantic comedy-drama film starring Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn, written by Ring Lardner, Jr., Michael Kanin and John Lee Mahin, directed by George Stevens and produced by Joseph L. Mankiewicz.
