The Lost Nigger Gold Mine is a legendary mine in the folklore of the United States.
 According to the legend, in 1887 four brothers in Dryden, Texas—Frank, Jim, John, and Lee Reagan—hired an illiterate Seminole man named William Kelly to help with work on their ranch.
 Kelly was known as "Nigger Bill" ("nigger" being a term for a multiracial person in the slang of the Big Bend region) and has been identified as a cook and also as a horse wrangler; at the time of his employment by the Reagans, he was only 14.
 While working on the ranch, Kelly announced that he had discovered a gold mine, and was "greeted only with jeers".
 The next day he again tried to tell the Reagans about the mine, even going so far as to show them a lump of gold ore, but received a "cussing out" for his trouble.
Barton Mine, also known as Net Lake Mine, is an abandoned surface and underground mine in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
 It is located about 0.50 km north of the Temagami Arena in Temagami North and just east of the Ontario Northland Railway in northwestern Strathy Township.
 Dating back to the early 1900s, it is one of the oldest mines in Temagami.
 Barton was the site of a fire in the early 1900s, after which it never had active mining again.
The Burwash Mine was a small gold property discovered in the fall of 1934 by Johnny Baker and Hugh Muir at Yellowknife Bay, Northwest Territories.
 The town of Yellowknife did not exist yet at that point, but the discovery of gold at Burwash was the catalyst that brought more gold prospectors into the region in 1935 and 1936.
 A short shaft was sunk in 1935-1936 at Burwash, and in the summer of 1935 a 16-ton bulk sample of ore was shipped to Trail, British Columbia for processing, yielding 200 troy ounces (6 kg) of gold.
 The mine did not become a substantial producer and it is believed the gold vein was mined out.
The St John's Mine is a mineral extraction site approximately three miles north of the city of Vallejo in Solano County, California, United States.
 The St John's site was used for extraction of cinnabar in the early 1900s.
 The St. John's Mine is classified as a medium priority mine from the standpoint of environmental oversight.
 The last inspection of the Hastings Mine occurred in 1997 and found only slight erosion of the considerable mine tailings; however the tailings exceed 10000 cuyd of material, or one of the largest cinnabar tailings in the State of California.
 Furthermore, the drainage from St. John's Mine flows to receiving waters of Rindler Creek and thence to Lake Chabot.
 Miles of underground shafts were driven in the course of working the quicksilver deposits in the area.
 In 1989, Earth Metrics reviewed old 1918 maps of workings of the Hastings and St. John's Mines and found that mine shafts were not driven into the site prior to the year 1918.
The Borden project located near Chapleau in Ontario, is approximately 160 kilometers west of Goldcorp's Porcupine mine.
 The project has the potential to further enhance the long-term economics of Porcupine.
 All material required permits, including the Advance Exploration permit, have been received to allow for the construction of a ramp into the deposit and the extraction of a 30,000 tonne bulk sample.
 The ramp design for the purpose of the bulk sample is expected to be sufficient for ultimate mining purposes.
 The underground platforms developed from the ramp access will further support exploration drilling of a deposit that remains open at depth and laterally.
 A final feasibility study is expected to occur by the end of the first quarter of 2019 after the completion of a bulk sample.
 With the expected ramp completion and minimal additional infrastructure required for full scale mining, the company expects to reach commercial production six months following bulk sample extraction.
The Golden Fleece Mine is a gold mining site in Hinsdale County, Colorado, 5 mi south of Lake City.
 The mine is located half a mile west of the north end of Lake San Cristobal.
 By 1904 it had produced $1,400,000 in silver and gold ore.
 The mine operated intermittently until 1919.
 Later, in the mid-1960s, some renewed interest in the property came up, especially in the Hiwassee lode area of the mine, but other than a couple of small test shipments, there is no recorded production until today.
Temagami-Lorrain Mine is an abandoned surface and underground mine in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
 It is located about 10 km northeast of the town of Temagami near Sauvé Lake in central Cassels Township.
 It is named after the Temagami-Lorrain Mining Company, which carried out work on the property in the early 1900s.
Hutti Gold Mines Limited () (HGML) is a company located in the state of Karnataka, India and engaged in the mining and production of gold.
 This was first established as Hyderabad Gold Mines in 1947.
 With the closing of Kolar Gold Fields in 2001, this is the only company in India which produces gold by mining and processing the gold ore.
 Owned by the Government of Karnataka, HGML has two plants located in Hutti and Chitradurga.
 HGML mines gold from its main gold mine located in Hutti and other satellite mines.
The Malmberget mine (Swedish: "Malmbergsgruvan") is one of the largest iron ore mines in Sweden.
 The mine is located in Malmberget in Norrbotten County, Lapland.
 The mine which is owned by Luossavaara-Kiirunavaara AB (LKAB) has an annual production capacity of over 5 million tonnes of iron ore.
 The mine has reserves amounting to 350 million tonnes of ore grading 43.8% iron thus resulting 153.3 million tonnes of iron.
 In 2009 the mine produced 4.3 million tonnes of iron.
 It is one of the largest underground mines for iron ore in the world.
The Hidee Gold Mine is a former gold mine in Gilpin County, Colorado, United States.
 It is one of the tourist attractions in and near the town as a result of the efforts of the local residents, and the Hidee Gold Mine company which worked to recreate the history of mining near Black Hawk, Colorado.
 There are tours of the mine, which explain the methods that were used both in the past as well as the present.
 Also during these tours, tourists are given a feel of being a miner, by including a stop at a gold ore vein where tourists use a single-jack (one-handed) hammer and chisel (provided) to chip a gold ore sample loose, which they are allowed to keep as a souvenir.
