Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
 Blauvelt started his career in the camera and electrical department under cinematographers Harris Savides, Christopher Doyle and Lance Acord.
 Despite striking out on his own, he continued to work with cinematographer and mentor Harris Savides until his sudden death from brain cancer.
 Chris's continued work with Kelly Reichardt has garnered him an ICP Nomination in 2010 for his masterful work on "Meek's Cutoff" and best cinematography at the Valladolid International Film Festival for "Night Moves".
 Chris' current film with Kelly Reichardt will debut in Fall of 2016.
 Chris shot Jeff Preiss directorial debut "Low Down" for producers Albert Berger and Ron Yerxa, which won the Dramatic Cinematography award at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival.
 Most recently he shot "Indignation" for director James Schamus.
The Comedy of Terrors (1963) is an American International Pictures horror comedy film directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Basil Rathbone, Boris Karloff, and (in a cameo) Joe E. Brown in his final film appearance.
 The film also features Orangey the cat, billed as "Rhubarb the Cat".
 It is a blend of comedy and horror which features several cast members from "Tales of Terror", made by AIP the year before.
Wendy and Lucy is a 2008 American drama film directed by Kelly Reichardt.
 Reichardt and Jon Raymond adapted the screenplay from his short story "Train Choir".
 The film stars Michelle Williams and Will Patton.
 It had its world premiere at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival and was screened at several additional film festivals before receiving a limited theatrical release in the United States on December 10, 2008.
 In 2017, the film was named the twentieth-first "Best Film of the 21st Century So Far" by The New York Times.
The Chicago film industry is a central hub for motion picture production and exhibition that was established before Hollywood became the undisputed capital of film making.
 In the early 1900s, Chicago boasted the greatest number of production companies and filmmakers.
 Essanay Studios founded by George K. Spoor was one of the earliest successful studios to produce movies in Chicago, employing stars such as Charlie Chaplin and Gloria Swanson.
 Actor and co-founder of Essanay Studios "Broncho Billie" Anderson gave birth to the western genre.
 Early film companies such as Essanay Studios produced multiple silent films every week and rented viewing equipment to showcase the latest cinematography to the public.
 This rental culture gave birth to the popularity of Nickelodeons up until the Great Depression.
 However, due to the high demand for motion pictures during this time, a black market for films and equipment developed.
 The Motion Picture Patents Company, established in 1909 as a conglomerate of the major studios, sought to eliminate all illegal use of patented film equipment.
 As a result, independent ventures entered the film scene.
 Independents drove the film industry to the west to avoid legal trouble with the trust of major film companies united under the Motion Picture Patents Company.
 The west offered fairer weather and scenery that better accommodated film making.
 Not until the 1980s and early 21st century has Chicago experienced a film production revival.
 Blockbusters, such as "Blues Brothers", "Sixteen Candles", and "The Dark Knight", have rejuvenated the Chicago film scene.
 In the 21st century, Chicago further experienced a film revival due to a tax bill the state of Illinois passed to give filmmakers a 30% tax break on production costs.
Doctors Don't Tell is a 1941 American crime film directed by Jacques Tourneur and written by Theodore Reeves and Isabel Dawn.
 The film stars John Beal, Florence Rice, Edward Norris, Ward Bond, Douglas Fowley and Grady Sutton.
 The film was released on September 22, 1941, by Republic Pictures.
Night Moves is a 2013 American drama film directed by Kelly Reichardt and written by Reichardt and Jonathan Raymond, starring Jesse Eisenberg, Dakota Fanning, Peter Sarsgaard, Alia Shawkat, and James LeGros.
 The film follows three radical environmentalists who plot to blow up a dam.
 It was shown in the main competition section of the 70th Venice International Film Festival, at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and at 2013 Deauville American Film Festival, where it won Grand Prix of the festival.
Jacques Tourneur (] ; November 12, 1904 – December 19, 1977) was a French film director known for the classic film noir "Out of the Past" and a series of low-budget horror films he made for RKO Studios, including "Cat People", "I Walked with a Zombie" and "The Leopard Man".
 He is also known for directing "Night of the Demon", that was released by Columbia Pictures.
They All Come Out is a 1939 American crime film directed by Jacques Tourneur and written by John C. Higgins.
 The film stars Rita Johnson, Tom Neal, Bernard Nedell, Edward Gargan, John Gallaudet and Addison Richards.
 The film was released on August 4, 1939, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Georges Benoît (1883–1942) was a French cinematographer who worked on more than sixty films during his career.
 During the silent era, he was employed mostly in Hollywood.
 Later he worked in his native France on films such as Jacques Tourneur's "Departure" (1931).
 Between 1929 and 1934 he appeared in approximately ten films as an actor.
Wichita is a 1955 CinemaScope Technicolor Western film directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Joel McCrea as Wyatt Earp.
 The film won a Golden Globe Award for Best Outdoor Drama.
 The supporting cast features Vera Miles, Lloyd Bridges, Edgar Buchanan, Peter Graves, Jack Elam and Mae Clarke.
