The Democratic-Republican Party was an American political party formed by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison in 1791–93 to oppose the centralizing policies of the new Federalist Party run by Alexander Hamilton (1755/57-1804), who was secretary of the treasury and chief architect of George Washington's administration.
 The new party controlled the presidency and Congress, as well as most states, from 1801 to 1825, during the First Party System.
 It began in 1791 as one faction in Congress, and included many politicians who had been opposed to the new constitution.
 They called themselves "Republicans" after their ideology, Republicanism.
 They distrusted the Federalist commitment to republicanism.
 The party splintered in 1824 into the Jacksonian movement (which became the Democratic Party in 1828) and the short-lived National Republican Party (later succeeded by the Whig Party).
Abraham Alfonse Albert Gallatin (January 29, 1761 – August 12, 1849) was a Swiss-American politician, diplomat, ethnologist and linguist.
 He was an important leader of the Democratic-Republican Party, serving in various federal elective and appointed positions across four decades.
 He represented Pennsylvania in the Senate and the House of Representatives before becoming the longest-tenured United States Secretary of the Treasury and serving as a high-ranking diplomat.
The 1860 United States elections elected the members of the 37th United States Congress.
 The election took place during the Third Party System, shortly before the start of the Civil War.
 The Republican Party won control of the Presidency and both houses of Congress, making it the fifth party (following the Federalist Party, Democratic-Republican Party, Democratic Party, and Whig Party) to accomplish that feat.
 The election is widely considered to be a realigning election.
Lok Raj Party Himachal Pradesh (People's Rule Party Himachal Pradesh) was a political party in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh in the beginning of the 1970s.
 LRP was led by Thakur Sen Negi, formerly leader of the Samyukt Vidhayak Dal in the state.
 Another important leader was the former Congress leader J.B.L. Khachi.
Jeremiah Morrow (October 6, 1771March 22, 1852) was a Democratic-Republican Party politician from Ohio.
 He served as the ninth Governor of Ohio, and the last Democratic-Republican to do so.
The United States presidential election of 1800 was the fourth quadrennial presidential election.
 It was held from Friday, October 31 to Wednesday, December 3, 1800.
 In what is sometimes referred to as the "Revolution of 1800", Vice President Thomas Jefferson defeated President John Adams.
 The election was a realigning election that ushered in a generation of Democratic-Republican Party rule and the eventual demise of the Federalist Party in the First Party System.
 It was a long, bitter re-match of the 1796 election between the pro-French and pro-decentralization Democratic-Republicans under Jefferson and Aaron Burr and the incumbent Adams and Charles Pinckney's pro-British and pro-centralization Federalists.
 The chief political issues revolved around the fallout from the French Revolution, including opposition to the tax imposed by Congress to pay for the mobilization of the new army and the navy in the Quasi-War against France in 1798.
 The Alien and Sedition Acts, by which Federalists were trying to stifle dissent from Democratic-Republican newspaper editors, also proved to be highly controversial.
The Whig Party was a political party active in the middle of the 19th century in the United States.
 Four US presidents belonged to the party while in office.
 It emerged in the 1830s as the leading opponent of Jacksonians, pulling together former members of the National Republican (one of the successors of the Democratic-Republican Party) and Anti-Masonic Parties.
 It had distant links to the upscale traditions of the Federalist Party.
 Along with the rival Democratic Party, it was central to the Second Party System from the early 1840s to the mid-1860s.
 It originally formed in opposition to the policies of President Andrew Jackson (in office 1829–37) and his Democratic Party.
 In particular, the Whigs supported the supremacy of the US Congress over the Presidency and favored a program of modernization, banking, and economic protectionism to stimulate manufacturing.
 It appealed to entrepreneurs, planters, reformers and the emerging urban middle class, but had little appeal to farmers or unskilled workers.
 It included many active Protestants, and voiced a moralistic opposition to the Jacksonian Indian removal.
 Party founders chose the "Whig" name to echo the American Whigs of the 18th century who fought for independence.
 The underlying political philosophy of the American Whig Party was not directly related to the British Whig party.
 Historian Frank Towers has specified a deep ideological divide:
The 1812 United States elections elected the members of the 13th United States Congress.
 The election took place during the First Party System, and shortly after the start of the War of 1812.
 The Federalist Party made a relatively strong showing, winning seats in both chambers while supporting a competitive challenge to the incumbent Democratic-Republican President.
 However, the Democratic-Republican Party continued its control of the Presidency and both houses of Congress.
The 1828 United States elections elected the members of the 21st United States Congress.
 It marked the beginning of the Second Party System, and the definitive split of the Democratic-Republican Party into the Democratic Party (organized around Andrew Jackson) and the National Republican Party (organized around John Quincy Adams and opponents of Jackson).
 While the Democrats cultivated strong local organizations, the National Republicans relied on a clear national platform of high tariffs and internal improvements.
 Political scientists such as V.O. Key, Jr. consider this election to be a realigning election, while political scientists such as James Reichley instead see the election as a continuation of the Democratic-Republican tradition.
 Additionally, this election saw the Anti-Masonic Party win a small number of seats in the House, becoming the first third party to gain representation in Congress.
The presidency of Thomas Jefferson began on March 4, 1801, when he was inaugurated as the third President of the United States, and ended on March 4, 1809.
 Jefferson assumed the office after defeating incumbent President John Adams in the 1800 presidential election.
 The election was a realigning election in which the Democratic-Republican Party swept the Federalist Party out of power, ushering in a generation of Democratic-Republican dominance in American politics.
 After two terms, Jefferson was succeeded by Secretary of State James Madison, also of the Democratic-Republican Party.
