Great Crag is a fell in the English Lake District, located near the hamlets of Rosthwaite and Stonethwaite in Borrowdale.
Ritson's Force is a set of waterfalls in the valley of Mosedale in the English Lake District.
 It is also the river that leads past the Wasdale Head Inn and the Great Gable Brewing Company.
 The hills nearby include Sca Fell and Scafell Pike, England's two highest mountains, and Great Gable, home to British climbing.
 Ritsons Force and Wasdale Head are in the Lake District National Park which is in Cumbria, an English county that borders with Scotland
Bowfell (named "Bow Fell" on Ordnance Survey maps) is a pyramid-shaped mountain lying at the heart of the English Lake District, in the Southern Fells area.
 It is the sixth-highest mountain in the Lake District and one of the most popular of the Lake District fells for walkers.
 It is listed in Alfred Wainwright's 'best half dozen' Lake District fells.
Stonethwaite is a small village in the Lake District in the English county of Cumbria.
 Historically part of Cumberland, it is situated in the valley of the Stonethwaite Beck, a side valley of Borrowdale, and within the Lake District National Park.
 It is on the Cumbria Way long distance footpath.
Glaramara is a fell in the English Lake District in Cumbria.
 It is a substantial fell that is part of a long ridge that stretches for over six kilometres from Stonethwaite in Borrowdale up to the important mountain pass of Esk Hause.
 The summit of Glaramara at 783 m (2,569 ft) is the central point of this ridge, which separates the valleys of Langstrath and Grains Gill.
 However, the ridge has two additional fells, numerous subsidiary tops and several small tarns making its traverse an appealing and challenging walk.
The Fell & Rock Climbing Club of the English Lake District (in everyday usage the Fell and Rock Club or FRCC) is the senior climbing club covering the English Lake District.
 It was founded in 1906–1907 and, amongst its other activities, publishes the rock climbing guides to the area.
 It owns many of the early climbing photographs (e.g. Hankinson, 1975) taken by George & Ashley Abraham, who were founding members.
Dock Tarn is a small tarn located within the Lake District National Park in Cumbria, England at grid reference [ NY273143] .
 It is situated on moorland at 400 metres above sea level near the summit of Great Crag, midway between Watendlath, the Stonethwaite valley and Borrowdale.
 It measures approximately 300 by 200 metres, and the shoreline is indented with rocky headlands and bays.
 There is a tiny island in the tarn with a few small Rowan trees growing on it.
 Many Lake District writers rate Dock Tarn and the walk to it very highly because of its quiet beauty.
Eagle Crag is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria, England, it is situated near the village of Stonethwaite where the valleys of Langstrath and Greenup join.
 Impressive walls of crag look down upon Stonethwaite, making Eagle Crag the most arresting sight from that settlement.
 It can be climbed direct by the average walker, picking a route between the rock faces.
Blindcrake is a village and civil parish within the Isel Valley, in the Lake District National Park and in the Allerdale district of Cumbria, England.
 According to the 2001 census it had a population of 287, increasing to 348 at the 2011 Census.
 The parish includes Blindcrake village and the hamlets of Redmain, Isel and Sunderland, The whole parish lies within the Lake District National Park and, since 2001, Blindcrake village  is one of 23 designated conservation areas of the National Park Planning Authority.
 This status is largely based on its mediaeval strip field pattern which is described as "undoubtedly the finest example of its type in the Lake District".
 The parish boundary is approximately defined by the Lake District National Park boundary in the north and west, by a line 2 km to the west of the A591 in the east and by the River Derwent in the south.
 It is one of the smallest parishes within the Allerdale district of Cumbria.
 The parish has a website providing local information and lists of events.
Steeple is a fell in the English Lake District.
 It is situated in the mountainous area between Ennerdale and Wasdale and reaches a height of 819 metres (2,687 feet).
 Steeple is really part of Scoat Fell, being just the rocky northern projection of that fell.
 However, because of its prominent peak and steep crags it has earned the reputation of being a separate fell.
 The Lake District writer Alfred Wainwright rated Steeple and its name very highly saying, "“Seen on a map, it commands the eye and quickens the pulse, seen in reality it does the same“".
