Geir Hansteen Jörgensen (born 18 February 1968) is a Swedish television, film and commercials director.
 His most famous works are probably the film and TV mini-series "The New Country" and "The Soloists".
 Both have received many awards internationally.
Kirsten Hansteen (5 January 1903 – 17 November 1974) was the Norwegian appointed Minister of Social Affairs in 1945, and the first ever female member of cabinet in Norway.
 She represented the Communist Party of Norway.
 Her husband Viggo Hansteen was executed by the German occupation forces in 1941.
 She edited the underground resistance paper "Kvinnefronten" (The Women's front) during the German occupation.
 After the war she founded the journal "Kvinnen og Tiden" together with Henriette Bie Lorentzen.
Harald Viggo Hansteen (13 September 1900 – 10 September 1941) was a Norwegian lawyer who was executed by the Germans during their five-year occupation of Norway.
Graham Streeter (born January 22, 1964) is an American film director, screenwriter and cinematographer.
Major General Stuart Clarence Graham AO, DSO, OBE, MC (23 October 1920 – 20 July 1996) was a senior officer in the Australian Army, seeing service during the Second World War, the Occupation of Japan and the Vietnam War.
 Born in 1920, he graduated from the Royal Military College, Duntroon in 1940.
 Graham subsequently held a series of regimental and staff appointments, serving in a number of infantry and armoured units during the Second World War.
 In the post-war period he served in the British Commonwealth Occupation Force in Japan, and held a number of staff and command positions in the Armoured Corps.
 In the late 1950s he was posted to Army Headquarters, and later served as Director of Military Intelligence.
 Commanding the 1st Australian Task Force (1 ATF) during fighting in South Vietnam during 1967, he was responsible for establishing the controversial barrier minefield from Dat Do to the coast.
 Later, Graham filled a range of senior command, staff and diplomatic roles in Australia and overseas, including the position of Deputy Chief of the General Staff (DCGS), before retiring in 1977.
 He died in 1996.
Cages is a 2005 film, directed by American film director Graham Streeter which tells the story of a single mother named Ali Tan (Tan Kheng Hua) who attempts to escape repeated bad relationships which puts her before the man she resents the most—her father, Tan (Mako Iwamatsu).
 The truth is not always easy to face when her father reveals a dark secret 20 years past; a past that may cost a lifetime of relationship.
Parsonshe was born into a Lancashire family on 12 November 1882 and educated at Durham School and Magdalen College, Oxford.
 Ordained priest in 1907 he was a curate at Hampstead before four years as Chaplain at University College, Oxford.
 Principal of Wells Theological College from 1911-16 he was then appointed a chaplain to the forces before two Lancashire incumbencies.
 Ideally suited to pastoral work he became Bishop of Middleton, a Suffragan appointment in 1927.
 During this period he was one of several clerics who made a major contribution to the revision of the "Book of Common Prayer".
 A man with much sympathy to the poor he enjoyed his time at the See of Southwark (1932–41) before translation to Hereford.
 A devoted family man, he married Dorothy Streeter in 1912.
 His son died in the Siege of Tobruk and he died himself on 26 December 1948.
Geir is a maculine name commonly given in Norway and Iceland.
 It is derived from Old Norse "geirr" "spear", a common name element in Germanic names in general, from Proto-Germanic "*gaizaz" (whence also Old High German "gêr", Old English "gâr", Gothic "gaisu").
Årvoll is a residential community situated in the Bjerke district of Oslo, Norway.
 It was here that anti-Nazi activists Viggo Hansteen and Rolf Wickstrøm – the first two Norwegians to be executed by the Nazis during the five-year German occupation of Norway – lost their lives on September 10, 1941,
The New Country (Swedish: "Det nya landet" ) is a Swedish mini TV-series and feature film from 2000, directed by Geir Hansteen Jörgensen and written by Peter Birro and Lukas Moodysson.
 The mini-series version had a huge audience on national television, SVT and the feature film version won more awards around the world than any other Swedish feature in 2001.
 Some Swedish newspapers and critics has chosen The New Country as best Swedish TV mini-series ever and it is by many considered the beginning of Swedish "multicultural" cinema.
