Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products.
 Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide.
 Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications.
 In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.
Silphium laciniatum is a species of flowering plant in the aster family, Asteraceae, known commonly as compassplant or compass plant.
 It is native to North America, where it occurs in Ontario in Canada and the eastern and central United States as far west as New Mexico.
 Other common names include prairie compass plant, pilotweed, polarplant, gum weed, cut-leaf silphium, and turpentine plant.
 It is a rosinweed of genus "Silphium".
His Dark Materials is an epic trilogy of fantasy novels by Philip Pullman consisting of "Northern Lights" (1995, published as "The Golden Compass" in North America), "The Subtle Knife" (1997), and "The Amber Spyglass" (2000).
 It follows the coming of age of two children, Lyra Belacqua and Will Parry, as they wander through a series of parallel universes.
 The three novels have won a number of awards, most notably the 2001 Whitbread Book of the Year prize, won by "The Amber Spyglass".
 "Northern Lights" won the Carnegie Medal for children's fiction in the UK in 1995.
 The trilogy took third place in the BBC's Big Read poll in 2003.
Timex Sinclair was a joint venture between the British company Sinclair Research and Timex Corporation in an effort to gain an entry into the rapidly growing early-1980s home computer market in North America.
 The choice of partnership was natural, as Timex was already the main contractor for manufacture of Sinclair's ZX81 and ZX Spectrum computers at its Scottish plant in Dundee.
 It was Timex of Portugal, though, that took on the R&D and the local manufacturing of the models to be exported to the U.S. Although both Timex of Scotland and Timex of Portugal were full subsidiaries of Timex, internal rivalry, whether unintended or purported, meant there was little sharing between the two plants.
 Timex of Portugal also sold the Timex Sinclair models in Portugal and Poland under the Timex Computer brand.
English America (later British America) refers to the English territories in North America (including Bermuda), Central America, the Caribbean, and Guyana from 1607 to 1783.
 Formally, the British colonies in North America were known as "British America and the British West Indies" until 1776, when the Thirteen Colonies located along the Atlantic seaboard declared their independence and formed the United States of America.
 After that, the term British North America was used to describe the remainder of Britain's continental North American possessions.
 That term was first used informally in 1783, but it was uncommon before the Report on the Affairs of British North America (1839), called the Durham Report.
The Golden Compass is a 2007 action-adventure puzzle video game developed by Shiny Entertainment for PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Wii, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows, and by A2M for Nintendo DS.
 The game was published on all platforms by Sega, and was released in Europe in November 2007 (except the PSP and Windows versions, which were released in December), and in North America in December.
The N. Murray Edwards School of Business, also known as the Edwards School of Business, or simply Edwards, is located on the University of Saskatchewan campus in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
 Formerly the College of Commerce, the school was renamed in 2007 to honor N. Murray Edwards, an alumnus and entrepreneur.
 In a report published by the reputed British company Quacquarelli Symonds (QS), since 2011 Edwards School of Business has been ranked among the Emerging Global Business Schools in North America.
Northern Lights (known as The Golden Compass in North America and some other countries) is a young-adult fantasy novel by Philip Pullman, published by Scholastic UK in 1995.
 Set in a parallel universe, it features the journey of Lyra Belacqua to the Arctic in search of her missing friend, Roger Parslow, and her imprisoned uncle, Lord Asriel, who has been conducting experiments with a mysterious substance known as "Dust".
"New Game!
" is an anime television series based on the manga series created by Shōtarō Tokunō and published in Houbunsha's "Manga Time Kirara Carat" magazine.
 The series follows Aoba Suzukaze, a high school graduate who begins working at the Eagle Jump video game company as a character designer.
 The anime is produced by Doga Kobo, with Yoshiyuki Fujiwara as the director and Fumihiko Shimo as the series' script supervisor, featuring character designs by Ai Kikuchi.
 The first season aired in Japan between July 4 and September 19, 2016 and was simulcast by Crunchyroll.
 An original video animation (OVA) episode was available for those who purchased all six Blu-Ray/DVD volumes of the series, released between September 28, 2016 and February 24, 2017.
 The opening and ending themes respectively are "Sakura Skip" (SAKURAスキップ , Sakura Sukippu ) and "Now Loading!!!"
, both performed by Fourfolium (Yūki Takada, Megumi Yamaguchi, Ayumi Takeo, and Megumi Toda).
 A second season titled "New Game!!"
 aired between July 11 and September 26, 2017.
 The second season's opening theme is "Step by Step Up ↑↑↑↑" while the ending themes are "Jumpin' Jump Up!!!!"
 for the first six episodes and "Yumeiro Compass" (ユメイロコンパス , Dream-colored Compass ) for episode seven onwards, all performed by Fourfolium.
 The series is licensed in North America by Funimation, who are releasing English dubs of both seasons.
"Lyra" is a song written, produced, and performed by British recording artist Kate Bush, from the 2007 soundtrack album "The Golden Compass" from the film of the same name.
 It is used in the closing credits of the film.
 Bush was commissioned to write the song, with the request that it make reference to the lead character, Lyra Belacqua.
