Patricia Monique Soltysik (May 17, 1950 – May 17, 1974) was an American woman, best known as one of the founders of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
Stuart Hanlon is an attorney based in San Francisco, California who represented San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr, Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
American Woman is a 2003 novel written by the American writer Susan Choi (ISBN  ).
 The novel is based on the 1974 kidnapping of Patty Hearst by radicals of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
 It was a finalist for the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Tanya is a low-budget 1976 comedy film directed by Nate Rodgers and loosely based on the experiences of Patricia Hearst.
 The lead character, Charlotte Kane, is 20-year-old heiress of a newspaper mogul.
 She is kidnapped by five sex-crazed pseudo-relovutionaries who call themselves "The Symphonic Liberation Army" (a parody of the Symbionese Liberation Army).
 Charlotte is quickly converted to their cause and changes her name to Tanya.
James William Kilgore (born July 30, 1947) was a student activist at UC Santa Barbara in the 1960s who later became involved with the Symbionese Liberation Army (SLA).
 After the arrest of the core SLA members in 1975, Kilgore went underground for 27 years.
 He lived most of that time in Southern Africa.
 During his time on the run, Kilgore rejected the politics of violence, building a career as an educator, researcher and activist in Zimbabwe and South Africa.
 He wrote a number of books and academic articles during that period under the pseudonym John Pape.
 He was arrested in Cape Town, South Africa, in November 2002, extradited to the United States and subsequently served six and a half years in prison in California.
 During his incarceration he wrote several novels.
 The first of these, "We Are All Zimbabweans Now", was published a month after his release in 2009 by Umuzi Publishers of Cape Town.
 He now lives in Champaign-Urbana, Illinois, and teaches at the Center for African Studies.
 In 2015, he published a non-fiction book, "Understanding Mass Incarceration: A People's Guide to the Key Civil Rights Struggle of Our Time."
Wendy Masako Yoshimura (born January 17, 1943) is an American still life watercolor painter better known for her involvement with the Symbionese Liberation Army.
 She was born in a World War II-era California internment camp, and raised in Japan and California's Central Valley.
 She encountered and became involved in radical politics during her last year of art college as a result of meeting Willie Brandt, founder of the Revolutionary Army in Berkeley, California.
The United Federated Forces of the Symbionese Liberation Army (SLA) was an American left-wing revolutionary organization active between 1973 and 1975 that considered itself a vanguard army.
 The group committed bank robberies, two murders, and other acts of violence.
The Sindhudesh Liberation Army (Also Known as Sindh Liberation Army or SLA) is an organization based in the Sindh province of Pakistan comparable to the Balochistan Liberation Army in terms of is objectives strives to establish an independent state of Sindhu Desh.
 The Sindhudesh Liberation Army became publicly known during the 2010, after it claimed bomb blast on railway tracks near Hyderabad.
 The group is currently headed by Chief Commander Darya Khan.
 Pakistan's media also criticized that Jeay Sindh Muttahida Mahaz's Chairman Mr Shafi Muhammad Burfat is operating Sindhudesh Liberation Army from Kabul.
Angela DeAngelis "General Gelina" Atwood (6 February 1949 – 17 May 1974) was a founding member of the Symbionese Liberation Army (SLA), an American revolutionary group.
Thero Lavon Wheeler (1945–2009) was one of the founding members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
