Umina Beach is a suburb within the Central Coast Council local government area on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia.
Avoca Beach is a coastal suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia, about 95 km north of Sydney.
 Avoca Beach is primarily a residential suburb but also a popular tourist destination.
 Avoca Beach village has a variety of restaurants and cafes as well as a post office, newsagent, pharmacy and mini-mart.
 Avoca Beach also has a historic cinema, a hotel, bowling club, motel and caravan park.
 It is located within the Central Coast Council local government area.
Hamlyn Terrace is a suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
 It is part of the Central Coast Council local government area.
 The suburb was formerly part of Warnervale and is part of the Warnervale development precinct.
 The suburb is split between two governmental wards in the Central Coast Council governmental area, the northern part is in the Budgiewoi ward and the rest is in the Wyong ward.
Phegans Bay is a suburb within the local government area of the Central Coast Council on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia.
Shelly Beach is a coastal suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia, located east of Tuggerah Lake and bordering the Pacific Ocean south of The Entrance.
 It is part of the Central Coast Council local government area.
 It is 66 km south of Newcastle & 93 km north of Sydney.
 Shelly Beach is considered one of the most popular surfing beaches on the Central Coast.
Kulnura is a suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia, located north of Mangrove Mountain along George Downes Drive.
 It is within Central Coast Council local government area.
 Kulnura's name is an Aboriginal word meaning "in sight of the sea" or "up in the clouds", it was named in 1914 by a meeting of the early pioneers Messrs Archibold, Collins, Gatley, Penn, Young, Williams and Gibson.
 Its population of approximately 600 people rely mostly on the town's fruit and cattle industries for income, however many commute to regional centres of Gosford, Wyong and even to Sydney for work.
 It is also home to the biggest catchment area on the Central Coast, Mangrove Creek Dam which has a capacity of 190 000 ML, and has a free tourist kiosk on the site.
 "Mangrove Mountain Bottlers Pty Ltd" bottle still water at their plant at Kulnura, as well as for private label mass-retailers, such as 7-11.
Magenta is a coastal location of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
 It is part of the Central Coast Council local government area, and contains a significant portion of the Wyrrabalong National Park.
 It is a relatively new area to be developed for residence, with the suburb being first recorded in 1991.
 Previously it was the location for rutile mining and as the garbage tip for The Entrance, New South Wales.
 The location is traversed south–north by a main road linking The Entrance and Toukley.
 On opening, and for many decades, the road was Wilfed Barrett Drive (named after a Wyong Shire President) but has recently been renamed as part of the Central Coast Highway.
 The Jenny Dixon ghost is said by locals to appear occasionally on the road in this area.
Woy Woy Bay is a suburb located in the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia, as part of the Central Coast Council local government area.
 Most of the suburb's area belongs to the Brisbane Water National Park, although a small community on Woy Woy Bay (part of Brisbane Water) containing a community hall, public reserve and wharf is also located within the suburb.
 Woy Woy Bay is commonly used by boaters on the weekend because of the open expanses of the bay.
 The main thoroughfare is Taylor Street.
Gorokan is a suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
 It is part of the Central Coast Council local government area.
 The word "Gorokan" means "The Morning Dawn" from the language of the Awabakal (an Aboriginal tribe).
 There are two schools in the area, Gorokan Public and Gorokan High School.
 Electricity was first brought to the area as a part of a £42,000 programme for electricity reticulation under the Brisbane Water County Council.
Forresters Beach is a coastal suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia between Terrigal and Bateau Bay.
 It is the most northerly suburb of the Central Coast Council local government area.
 Forresters Beach is well known for its reef breaks to surfers.
 The name "Forresters Beach" comes from Robert Forrester who purchased 50 acre of land in 1861.
