La Digue is the third largest inhabited island of the Seychelles in terms of population, lying east of Praslin and west of Felicite Island.
 In terms of size it is the fourth largest granitic island of Seychelles after Mahé, Praslin and Silhouette Island.
 It has a population of 2,800 people, who mostly live in the west coast villages of La Passe (linked by ferry to Praslin and Mahé) and La Réunion.
 There is no airport on La Digue, so to get there from a foreign country, one has to fly to Victoria and continue by ferry, usually via Praslin.
 It has an area of 10.08 km, which makes it relatively easy to travel around by bike or on foot.
Tory Island, or simply Tory (officially known by its Irish name Toraigh), is an island 14.5 km off the north-west coast of County Donegal in Ulster, Ireland, and is the most remote inhabited island of Ireland.
 It is also known in Irish as "Oileán Thoraí" or, historically, "Oileán Thúr Rí".
Fefan is the third largest inhabited island of the Truk Lagoon in the Federated States of Micronesia.
 It has an area of 13.2 km² and a population of about 3,000 (last census: 1980).
 The northern part of the island is hilly and peaks at 298 meters above sea level.
Polihale State Park is a remote wild beach on the western side of the Hawaiian island of Kauai.
 It is the most western publicly accessible area in Hawaii, although the privately owned island of Niihau is further west.
 The park is miles away from the town of Kekaha, and it can only be reached via a poorly marked, dirt sugarcane road, making a four-wheel drive vehicle preferable.
 The beach is several miles long, yet only the area known as "Queen's Pond" offers safe swimming.
Tanera Mòr (Scottish Gaelic: Tannara Mòr) is an uninhabited (previously inhabited) island in Loch Broom in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.
 It is the largest of the Summer Isles and was the last inhabited island in that group.
 Tanera Mòr has issued its own postage stamps and was the location of Frank Fraser Darling's book "Island Years".
 In 2014 it was reported that the island's permanent residents had left and that it is for sale for £1.95 million.
Niʻ ihau ( ; Hawaiian: ] ) is the westernmost and seventh largest inhabited island in Hawaiʻ i.
 It is 17.5 mi southwest of Kauaʻ i across the Kaulakahi Channel.
 Its area is 69.5 sqmi .
 Several intermittent playa lakes provide wetland habitats for the Hawaiian coot, the black-winged stilt, and the Hawaiian duck.
 The island is designated as critical habitat for "Brighamia insignis", an endemic and endangered species of Hawaiian lobelioid.
 The United States Census Bureau defines Niʻ ihau and the neighboring island and State Seabird Sanctuary of Lehua as Census Tract 410 of Kauai County, Hawaii.
 Its 2000 census population was 160; Its 2010 census population was 170.
Árainn Mhór (English name: Arranmore) is an island off the west coast of County Donegal in Ulster, Ireland.
 Arranmore is the largest inhabited island of County Donegal, with a population of 514 in 2011, down from 528 in 2006, 543 in 2002, and over 600 in 1996.
 The island is part of the Donegal "Gaeltacht", with most of the inhabitants speaking Ulster Irish.
Kanton Island (also known as Canton Island or Abariringa Island), alternatively known as "Mary Island", "Mary Balcout's Island" or "Swallow Island", is the largest, northernmost, and as of 2007 , the sole inhabited island of the Phoenix Islands, in the Republic of Kiribati.
 It is an atoll located in the South Pacific Ocean roughly halfway between Hawaii and Fiji at .
 The island is a narrow ribbon of land enclosing a lagoon with an area of 40 square kilometers.
 Kanton's closest neighbor is the uninhabited island of Enderbury, 63 km to the south.
 The capital of Kiribati, South Tarawa, lies 1,765 km to the west.
 s of 2005 , the population was 41, down from 61 in 2000.
 In May 2010 the population was reportedly 24, with 14 adults and 10 children.
 The island's sole village is called Tebaronga.
Rasdhoo (Dhivehi: ރަސްދޫ) (Rasdu in the Admiralty Charts) is an inhabited island of the Maldives.
 It is also the capital of the Alif Alif Atoll administrative division.
 It is the only inhabited island of a small natural atoll known as Rasdhoo, Rasdu or Ross Atoll located a few miles off NE Ari Atoll.
 As of September 2016 Rasdhoo island boasts 16 guesthouses.
Hamilton Island is the largest inhabited island of the Whitsunday Islands in Queensland, Australia.
 It is positioned approximately 887 km north of Brisbane and 512 km south of Cairns.
 It is also the only island in the Great Barrier Reef with its own commercial airport, with short direct flights from Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane and Cairns.
 Like most in the Whitsunday group, Hamilton Island was formed as sea levels rose which created numerous drowned mountains that are situated close to the east coast of Queensland.
