Mother is a 1914 silent film drama directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Emma Dunn.
 The film marked Tourneur's first American made film.
 Dunn was 39 years old and had starred on Broadway in the play version of the story this film is based on.
 This film was produced by William A. Brady who also produced the 1910 play.
 The film has a similar plot to the 1920 Fox film "Over the Hill to the Poorhouse".
John van den Broek (?
1895 - June 29, 1918) was a Dutch born cinematographer.
 He is remembered primarily for his work on the films of Maurice Tourneur.
 Van den Broek died at 23 while filming the Tourneur directed film "Woman" in 1918.
 According to Tourneur's biographer Harry Waldman, Van den Broek was on a cliff in Maine filming some large waves when he got caught in a series of waves that carried him out to sea.
 His body was never recovered.
The Sporting Life is a 1925 silent comedy drama directed by Maurice Tourneur and a remake of Tourneur's 1918 film of the same title based on Seymour Hicks's popular play.
 Universal Pictures produced and released the film.
The Gaieties of the Squadron (French: Les gaîtés de l'escadron) is a 1913 French silent comedy film directed by Joseph Faivre and Maurice Tourneur and starring Edmond Duquesne, Henry Roussel and Henri Gouget.
 It is a military-based farce adapted from the popular play by Georges Courteline.
 Tourneur later remade it as a sound film "Fun in the Barracks" (1932).
The Bait is a 1921 American silent crime drama film produced by and starring Hope Hampton, directed by Maurice Tourneur, and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 John Gilbert, then working for Tourneur, wrote the scenario (silent film version of a screenplay) based on the stage play "The Tiger Lady" by Sidney Toler.
 Filmed in 1920, the picture was released a day after New Year's 1921.
 "The Bait" is now considered to be a lost film.
The Sporting Life or Sporting Life is a lost 1918 American silent drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur.
 It is the first film for sisters Faire Binney and Constance Binney, from the Broadway stage.
 Tourneur would re-film this story again in 1925.
Fun in the Barracks (French: Les Gaîtés de l'escadron or Les Gaietés de l'escadron) is a 1932 French comedy film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Raimu, Jean Gabin and Fernandel.
 It was based on a play by Georges Courteline and Edouard Nores.
 Tourneur was remaking the story, having previously filmed a silent version in 1913.
 The film was one of the most expensive made by Tourneur and was a popular commercial hit.
After Love (French: Après l'amour) is a 1948 French drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Pierre Blanchar, Simone Renant and Giselle Pascal.
 The film is based on a play by Henri Duvernois and Pierre Wolff which has been adapted for the screen a number of times.
 Tourneur shot it in five weeks and came in under budget.
 It was the director's penultimate film, followed by "Dilemma of Two Angels" the same year.
The Two Orphans (French:Les deux orphelines) is a 1933 French historical drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Rosine Deréan, Renée Saint-Cyr and Gabriel Gabrio.
 The film's sets were designed by the art director Lucien Aguettand.
 The film was based on the play "The Two Orphans" which had been turned into several films.
 Tourneur altered the story slightly by moving it forward from the French Revolution to the Napoleonic Era.
Dilemma of Two Angels (French: Impasse des Deux Anges) is a 1948 French comedy crime film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Paul Meurisse, Simone Signoret and Marcel Herrand.
 It was the final film directed by Tourneur in a career that stretched back to the silent era and included nearly a hundred films.
