REDIAL (Red Europea de Información y Documentación sobre América Latina), the "European Network of Information and Documentation on Latin America" is an association formed by 43 libraries and documentation centres in 12 European countries: Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Netherlands, Poland, Russia, United Kingdom, Spain, Slovakia, Sweden and Switzerland.
 REDIAL is a meeting platform aiming at contributing to the development of communication and support between institutions, and the exchange of information between researchers, librarians and archivists working in the areas of Latin American humanities and social sciences in Europe.
 REDIAL is a non-profit European association, regulated by the Belgium legislation.
 Its organizational structure is formed by an Executive Committee of national coordinators who are elected by the member institution of each European country and a Members General Assembly.
The European Juggling Convention (EJC), is the largest juggling convention in the world, regularly attracting several thousand participants.
 It is held every year in a different European country.
 It is organised by changing local organisation committees which are supported by the European Juggling Association (EJA), a non-profit association founded in 1987 in Saintes, France.
 Like most juggling conventions, it features a mix of workshops for jugglers, a "renegade" performance performed for participants, games, performances and a public show, usually spread out over a period of a week in the European summer.
 Accommodation is usually in the form of tents provided by participants.
The Republic of Poland is a Central European country and member of the European Union and NATO, among others.
 In recent years, despite its occasional but obstinate relations with Russia during the 20th century, Poland has extended its responsibilities and position in European and Western affairs, supporting and establishing friendly foreign relations with both the West and with numerous European countries.
Europeade is the largest festival of European folk culture, held in a different European country each year.
 The last Europeade was held in Turku, Finland in 2017.
 The year before that it was held in Namur, Belgium in 2016.
Philip Kraft (born in Rendsburg on March 24, 1969) is a German fragrance chemist.
 Since 1996 he has been employed by Givaudan, a leading Flavor and Fragrance company, where he designs captive odorants for use in perfumes.
 He has lectured at the University of Bern, the University of Zurich, and the ETH Zurich.
In European Union law, and especially in European intellectual property law, a cross-border injunction is an injunction by a court in one European country, such as for example a court in the Netherlands forbidding infringement in several other European countries.
French Guiana (pronounced or , French: "Guyane française" ; ] ), officially called Guiana (French: "Guyane" ), is an overseas department and region of France, located on the north Atlantic coast of South America in the Guyanas.
 It borders Brazil to the east and south, and Suriname to the west.
 Its 83,534 km2 area has a very low population density of only 3 inhabitants per km², with half of its 244,118 inhabitants in 2013 living in the metropolitan area of Cayenne, its capital.
 By land area, it is the second largest region of France and the largest outermost region within the European Union.
 Since 1981, when Belize became independent, French Guiana has been the only territory of the mainland Americas that is still part of a European country.
Czechoslovakia, of all the East European countries, entered the postwar era with a relatively balanced social structure and an equitable distribution of resources.
 Despite some poverty, overall it was a country of relatively well-off workers, small-scale producers, farmers, and a substantial middle class.
 Nearly half the population was in the middle-income bracket.
 Ironically, perhaps, it was balanced and relatively prosperous Czechoslovakia that carried nationalization and income redistribution further than any other East European country.
 By the mid-1960s, the complaint was that leveling had gone too far.
 The lowest-paid 40% of the population accounted for 60% of national income.
 Earning differentials between blue-collar and white-collar workers were lower than in any other country in Eastern Europe.
 Further, equitable income distribution was combined in the late 1970s with relative prosperity.
 Along with East Germany and Hungary, Czechoslovakia enjoyed one of the highest standards of living of any of the Warsaw Pact countries through the 1980s.
The European Country Music Association (ECMA) was established in 1994 in the United Kingdom and Spain by people related to the European country music scene, including publishers, DJs and musicians.
 It originally consisted of less than 100 members.
 The first president was the UK's Harry E. Fenton.
Igor Samoilenco (born April 17, 1977 in Tiraspol, Moldavian SSR) is a retired male boxer from Moldova.
 He twice represented his native Eastern European country at the Summer Olympics: 1996 and 2004.
 Samoilenco claimed a bronze medal at the 2002 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Perm, Russia.
 He qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece by ending up in first place at the 3rd AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Gothenburg, Sweden.
