James Bond 007: From Russia with Love is a third-person shooter video game developed by EA Redwood Shores and published by Electronic Arts featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent, James Bond 007, whose likeness and voice is that of Sean Connery.
 The game is based on the 1957 novel and the 1963 film of the same name.
 The game follows the storyline of the book and film, albeit adding in new scenes to make the game more action-oriented, as well as changing the affiliation of the main villains.
 Additionally, it features many elements of later Bond films to recreate the feel of the era such as the Aston Martin DB5 that debuted in "Goldfinger" (1964) and the jet pack from "Thunderball" (1965).
 "From Russia with Love" is also notable in that it is the first video game to use Sean Connery's younger likeness as James Bond and the first to include all new voice work by the actor after twenty-two years away from the role.
 "From Russia with Love" is the last James Bond video game EA Games marketed before they lost the rights to Activision in 2006.
Hotel Splendide is a 2000 British independent dark comedy film, written and directed by Terence Gross and starring Toni Collette and Daniel Craig.
 The film appeared in a number of British and European film festivals but was not released in the US, although it did appear on cable networks on channels catering to independent film.
 It is currently available in the UK on DVD and the US on DVR on demand.
Hotel Splendide is a 1932 British comedy drama film directed by Michael Powell.
 It was made as a Quota quickie.
James Bond 007 in... Agent Under Fire is a first-person shooter video game based on the James Bond franchise.
 Developed and published by Electronic Arts, it was released for PlayStation 2, GameCube and Xbox game consoles.
 It is the fourth Bond game which is not based on a film or book in the James Bond series, following "", "James Bond 007" and EA's own "007 Racing".
 The game's story arc continues in the following sequel, "Nightfire", released a year later.
 Unlike previous Bond games which featured the likeness of then current Bond actor Pierce Brosnan, "Agent Under Fire" used the voice of Adam Blackwood and the likeness of English actor Andrew Bicknell for Bond.
Jason Joseph Connery (born 11 January 1963) is a British actor and director.
 He is the son of former James Bond actor Sir Sean Connery.
 On screen, he is best known for appearing in the third series of the ITV drama programme "Robin of Sherwood" in 1986.
 He took over the main role after Michael Praed's character was killed off at the end of the second series.
Colonel Sun is a novel by Kingsley Amis published by Jonathan Cape on 28 March 1968 under the pseudonym "Robert Markham".
 "Colonel Sun" is the first James Bond continuation novel published after Ian Fleming's 1964 death.
 Before writing the novel, Amis wrote two other Bond related works, the literary study "The James Bond Dossier" and the humorous "The Book of Bond".
 "Colonel Sun" centres on the fictional British Secret Service operative James Bond and his mission to track down the kidnappers of M, his superior at the Secret Service.
 During the mission he discovers a communist Chinese plot to cause an international incident.
 Bond, assisted by a Greek spy working for the Russians, finds M on a small Aegean island, rescues him and kills the two main plotters: Colonel Sun Liang-tan and a former Nazi commander, Von Richter.
Casino Royale is a 1967 spy comedy film originally produced by Columbia Pictures featuring an ensemble cast.
 It is loosely based on Ian Fleming's first James Bond novel.
 The film stars David Niven as the "original" Bond, Sir James Bond 007.
 Forced out of retirement to investigate the deaths and disappearances of international spies, he soon battles the mysterious Dr. Noah and SMERSH.
 The film's tagline: "Casino Royale is too much... for one James Bond!"
 refers to Bond's ruse to mislead SMERSH in which six other agents are pretending to be "James Bond", namely, baccarat master Evelyn Tremble (Peter Sellers), millionaire spy Vesper Lynd (Ursula Andress), Bond's secretary Miss Moneypenny (Barbara Bouchet), Mata Bond (Joanna Pettet), Bond's daughter by Mata Hari; and British agents "Coop" (Terence Cooper) and "The Detainer" (Daliah Lavi).
George Robert Lazenby (born 5 September 1939) is an Australian actor and former model best known for his portrayal of James Bond in the Eon series in the 1969 film "On Her Majesty's Secret Service".
 He was 29 years old, making him the youngest actor to date to have portrayed the character.
 Lazenby is also the only Bond actor to receive a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actor.
Stephen Paul Tompkinson (born 15 October 1965) is an English actor, known for his television roles as Damien Day in "Drop the Dead Donkey" (1990–98), Father Peter Clifford in "Ballykissangel" (1996–98), Trevor Purvis in "Grafters" (1998–99), Danny Trevanion in "Wild at Heart" (2006–13) and Alan Banks in "DCI Banks" (2010–16).
 He won the 1994 British Comedy Award for Best TV Comedy Actor.
 He also starred in the films "Brassed Off" (1996) and "Hotel Splendide" (2000).
James Bond 007: Everything or Nothing is a third-person shooter video game, in which the player controls James Bond.
 Bond is modeled after and voiced by the former James Bond actor Pierce Brosnan.
 Developed by EA Redwood Shores and published by Electronic Arts, it was released for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, and Xbox consoles.
 The Game Boy Advance version was developed by Griptonite Games and when linked to the GameCube version via the Nintendo GameCube–Game Boy Advance link cable allowed unique premium content.
 Although the game achieved "Platinum Hits" status on the Xbox, it is one of the few games that achieved this status that has not been made backwards compatible with the Xbox 360.
