Life of a Ghost is an album released by Danish band Blue Foundation in Scandinavia in 2007 and in USA in 2009.
 The song "Eyes on Fire" was featured on the soundtrack to the 2008 film "Twilight".
 The song "Eyes on Fire" was also remixed by the group Zeds Dead.
"Golden" is a single by American singer and songwriter Brandon Beal, featuring vocals from Danish band Lukas Graham.
 The song was released as a digital download in Denmark on 5 February 2016 through Then We Take the World and Universal Music Denmark.
 The song peaked at number one on the Danish Singles Chart.
 The song has also charted in Norway and Sweden.
"Re-Sepp-Ten" is a 1986 Danish language football song released on Replay Records that was battle song for the Denmark national football team for 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico.
 The song was credited to VM Holdet as the Danish national side is known as Landsholdet.
 The song was recorded in the Werner studio by members of the Danish national football team with additional contributions by Dodo Gad, Jens Rud and Steen Christiansen, all from the Danish band Dodo and the Dodos, Poul Halberg and by Henrik Stanley Møller.
 The music was composed by Michael Bruun, and arranged and produced by him.
"Strip No More" is a single by Danish band Lukas Graham, about a stripper who has stopped stripping.
 The song was released as a digital download on 16 June 2015 through Then We Take the World.
 The song peaked at number one on the Danish Singles Chart.
 The song was written by Lukas Forchhammer, Christopher Steven Brown, Sebastian Fogh, Stefan Forrest, Morten Ristorp, Morten Pilegaard, Magnus Larsson, Brandon O'Bryant Beal and Mark Falgren.
"Better Than Yourself (Criminal Mind Pt 2)" is a single by Danish band Lukas Graham.
 The song was released in Denmark as a digital download in 22 October 2012.
 The song peaked at number one on the Danish Singles Chart.
 The song was written by Lukas Forchhammer, Rasmus Hedegaard and Brandon Beal.
 The song's opening piano accompaniment is a direct quote from Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata".
Home Dead is a 2001 EP by Danish band Kashmir.
 An in-between EP, "Home Dead" was made after the success of "The Good Life", and before the band rediscovered themselves with "Zitilites".
 The music on this album, is a reflection of the crisis depicted in "Rocket Brothers", a documentary film about the band.
"Dancin' (on a Saturday Night)" is a song written by Lynsey de Paul and Barry Blue, that was recorded by Blue and released as a single in 1973 on Bell Records.
 It reached the number 2 on the UK Singles Chart, number 2 on the Australian Kent Music chart, number 9 on the German singles chart and number 11 on the Dutch singles chart.
 Flash Cadillac & the Continental Kids released their version of the song as a single in 1974 and it reached number 79 on the Cashbox singles charts and number 93 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 In Canada, a version recorded by bond reached number 12 on the CHUM Chart.
 The Danish band, Clear Sound, also recorded a version with Danish text by Finn Reiner which charted at number 17 in the Danish Hitlister.
 Junior Janson also released a version of the song as a single in 1975.
"Søndagsbarn" is a single by Danish hip hop group Suspekt featuring vocals from Danish band Lukas Graham.
 The song was released as a digital download in Denmark on 22 May 2015 through Tabu Records.
 The song peaked to number three on the Danish Singles Chart.
"The Danish Way to Rock" is a Danish language 2010 FIFA World Cup theme song for Denmark and a hit single by Danish band Nephew featuring Landsholdet (meaning "the national team" in Danish).
 The song went straight into #1 in the Tracklisten, the Danish Singles Chart.
Claess and Willumsen is a Danish band featuring Claess Sorensen and Pelle Willumsen.
 The debut album "No Receipt" was released in 2007.
 The band recorded and produced their own album using garage sale equipment and one lonely microphone bought from a Danish composer leaving for Hollywood.
 Despite the obstacles some of the songs found their way to US television and Danish radio.
 The album was released online in most of the world and some of the songs have sold in Canada, Germany and USA.
 The song "Someday" aka "I'll find my way someday" was featured in the American television series "Army Wives" on Lifetime Television.
 In 2007, Claess & Willumsen signed a contract with NOMA Music.
