Of Mice & Men (often abbreviated OM&M) is an American metalcore band from Orange County, California.
 The band's lineup currently consists of lead vocalist and bassist Aaron Pauley, lead guitarist Phil Manansala, rhythm guitarist Alan Ashby, and drummer Valentino Arteaga.
 The group was founded by Austin Carlile and Jaxin Hall in mid-2009 after Carlile's departure from Attack Attack!
.
 Since 2009, the band has released four studio albums.
 Carlile departed from the band in December 2016 citing that a long term health condition prompted his exit.
 After Carlile's departure the band continue to pursue creating music with Pauley taking on both bassist and lead vocalist duties.
New Zealand Music Awards for Best Hip Hop Artist and Best Soul/RnB Artist
Aníbal López (A-1 53167), full name Aníbal Asdrúbal López Juarez (April 13, 1964 – September 26, 2014) was an artist and a native of Guatemala.
 He began his career creating figurative art influenced by expressionism.
 He has worked in several media, including acrylic and oil on canvas, photography, and video.
 In the 1990s he and other Guatemalan artists such as Regina José Galindo began creating art "actions" or live art, a combination of street art, performance art, minimalism, and conceptual art.
 A-1 53167 is the code name (his Guatemalan ID card number) that Aníbal López has used since 1997 to sign many of his art actions as a way to show how he questions codes of information regarding identity.The effect is to erase an ethnic-specific sense of belonging and perhaps to resist the impulse of art consumers to categorize him in preconceived categories such as indigenous, Mayan, or Guatemalan.
Miguel Jontel Pimentel (born October 23, 1985), better known as Miguel, is an American singer, songwriter, actor and record producer.
 Raised in Los Angeles, he began creating music at age thirteen.
 After signing to Jive Records in 2007, Miguel released his debut studio album, "All I Want Is You", in November 2010.
 Although it was underpromoted upon its release, the album became a sleeper hit and helped Miguel garner commercial standing.
Andrew Philip DeCaro (born September 1, 1983), better known by his stage name Dru Decaro, is an American musician, singer/songwriter and producer.
 He is best known as the lead guitarist for Grammy-winning RnB artist Miguel and has also performed with Snoop Dogg, Will.I.Am, John Legend, Ice Cube, Faith Hill, Lil Jon, Jojo, and Andy Grammer.
Benny Kay is an American recording artist and award-winning producer who has been creating music for over thirty years.
 Kay began his career in music by playing blues and barrelhouse piano at coffeehouses in the Boston, Massachusetts area.
 He became known for recording a risque version of Louis Armstrong's "Cheesecake", and appeared several times on the Joel "Fats" Rogers Show on WBCN in Boston.
 Kay recorded his first album for the Aladdin Records label, at the age of eighteen, serving as piano player for the seven-piece rhythm and blues band, Powerhouse.
 Among the highlights of the initial and subsequent Powerhouse releases are guest performances by Bull Moose Jackson and guitarist J. Geils.
 Over several years of regional touring with Powerhouse, Kay performed with or opened for Bonnie Raitt, Muddy Waters, James Cotton, Big Walter Horton, J. B. Hutto, John Lee Hooker, Frank Zappa, Captain Beefheart, Blood Sweat & Tears, NRBQ, Bob Margolin, Janis Ian, The Nighthawks and many others.
G-Worldwide Entertainment (stylized as G.W.W but popularly called G-Worldwide) is a record label imprint founded by Festus Ehimare, also known as Emperor Geezy and it was founded in (2007) but started promoting musical talents in (2011) but was reformed in (2013), signing Kiss Daniel as its first recording/performing artist.
 The label went on to sign another talented raggae & RnB sensational artist Sugarboy in (2015).
 The label specialized in Afrobeat, RnB, Reggae & Soul Music.
Eddy Besong, known by the stage name of Eddy Bee AKA Mr R&B, is a Cameroonian Afrobeat and RnB artist.
Aris Jerome was born and raised in the Bay Area Fremont, CA.
 He began creating art at a young age and eventually was gifted his first camera from his grandfather in high school.
 Inspired by the Bay Area music scene he started collaborating with the local music artists and created hundreds of underground music videos.
 This eventually moved him to Los Angeles by age 20.
Over Your Cities Grass Will Grow is a 2010 Sophie Fiennes documentary about the German industrial artist Anselm Kiefer's creation of a gesamtkunstwerk in an abandoned factory complex outside Barjac, France.
 Kiefer moved to the South of France from Germany in 1993 and began creating his art installation, "La Ribaute" on 35 acres of land belonging to an old silk factory.
 The film begins with a lengthy silence to show the tunnels and spaces the artist created before showing the artist and his process in creating the installation and a large landscape painting.
 The film opened at Cannes in 2010 as a special screening.
