Aansoo (English: Tears) was a popular 2000 Pakistani drama which was shown on the Pakistan Television network in 2000.
 The drama was written by the legendary writer Haseena Moin and directed by Ali Rizvi.
 The drama became immensely popular because of its interesting and romantic story line and because of its beautiful locations.
 The drama was shot in Pakistan, Scotland and Ireland.
 It was the first Pakistani serial to be filmed entirely on a digital camera.
 The drama serial is considered to be a classic and has aired several times on PTV since its initial release.
Meri Maa (Urdu: میری ماں‎ , English "my mother") is a Pakistani drama serial airing on Geo TV is directed by Wajahat Hussain Gilani, written by Kishor Asmal and Raheel Ahmed.
 It is an A & B Productions drama.
 The drama was first aired 22 August 2013 on Geo TV This drama is based on social, tragic and emotional issues of the typical society
Boota from Toba Tek Singh (Urdu: ‎ ) was a 1999 Pakistani drama serial.
 It was aired by Pakistan Television Corporation in Urdu language and had a total of 22 TV episodes.
 It was written by "Khalil-Ur-Rehman Qamar", directed by "Dilawar Malik".
 This drama serial was very popular back in 1999.
Parosi (English: Neighbour) was a Pakistani drama serial aired on NTM in the 90's.
 The drama was written by the famous writer Haseena Moin and directed by Raana Sheikh.
 It was shot at beautiful locations in Islamabad and Murree.
 The drama serial starred Khalida Riyasat, Marina Khan, Badar Khalil, Ali Ejaz, Saleem Sheikh and Jamal Shah.
 This was Khalida Riyasat's last drama serial as she died soon after working in this drama and the long play "Ab Tum Ja Sakte Ho".
Fatima Effendi (born 17 December 1989) is a Pakistani actress and model.
 She has performed her best role in the Pakistani drama series "Man-O-Salwa", "Meri Zaat Zarra-e-Benishan", "Ishq Ibadat" and "Kash Mai Teri Beti Na Hoti".
Meri Beti (English: "My Daughter" ) is a Pakistani drama serial that aired on ARY Digital, directed by Badar Mehmood, written by Mohsin Ali and produced by Fahad Mustafa and Ali Kazmi under the banner of Big Bang Entertainment.
 The first episode of the drama was first aired on 9 October 2013 starring Arij Fatyma, Sabreen Hisbani and Samina Peerzada in lead roles, and it ended its run on 2 April 2014.
Meri Zaat Zarra-e-Benishan (Urdu: ‎ ) is a Pakistani drama serial, directed by Babar Javed, and produced by Abdullah Kadwani and Humayun Saeed.
 It is based on Umera Ahmad's novel of the same name.
 It is an emotional story of a girl named Saba and her daughter Sara.
 The drama became very popular upon its release.
 In 2001
Kahan Tum Chalay Gaye (previously titled "Meri Har Nazar Teri Muntazir") is a Pakistani drama serial that first aired on Geo Entertainment on 10 February 2016.
 It is produced by Babar Javed and Asif Raza.
 It currently airs every Sunday 7pm only on Geo Entertainment, after being moved from the Wed&Thurs 10pm-11pm slot.
 The show went off air unfinished after 9-10 episodes (early March) due to military censor issues but then resumed after 2 months, in May 2016, with a name change.
Meri Dulari (Urdu: میری دلاری‎ , English: "My favorite") is a 2013 Pakistani drama serial directed by "Amin Iqbal".
 Serial will broadcast on Geo TV from 13 March 2013.
 It is written by "Nabeela Abar Raja" and production by A & B Entertainment.
 It stars Sami Khan, Yumna Zaidi, Sana Askari and Nazli Nasar.
Mata-e-Jaan Hai Tu (Urdu: ‎ ) is a Pakistani drama serial directed by Mehreen Jabbar, based on a novel of the same name written by Farhat Ishtiaq.
 It was originally aired on Hum TV from 2 March 2012 to 22 June 2012.
 The drama follows the lives of two Columbia students, Haniya Sajjad (Sarwat Gilani) and Ibad Uzair (Adeel Hussain).
 Haniya is a second generation Pakistani immigrant who loses her parents early on in the drama series.
 Ibad is a young Pakistani who has joined Columbia university for his master's degree after completing his bachelor's degree from NED University, Karachi and a brief stint at his father's business It has aired on Indian channel Zee Zindagi as Meri Jaan Hai Tu.
