Throughout her acting career, Cher has mainly in comedy, drama, and romance films.
 She has appeared in thirteen films, including two as a cameo.
 She has also appeared in one starring theater role, numerous television commercials and directed a piece of the motion picture "If These Walls Could Talk" in 1996 and some of her music videos of the Geffen-era in late 1980s and in early 1990s.
 Cher has starred in various international television commercials, as well as high-profile print advertising for Lori Davis (1992).
 Before she started her film career, she had a couple of hits in the 1960s, as a solo artist, and with her ex-husband Sonny Bono as the couple Sonny & Cher.
James Richard Tatro (born February 16, 1992) is an American actor, comedian, writer and YouTube personality.
 He is the creator and star of the YouTube channel "LifeAccordingToJimmy", which has about 2.7 million subscribers and over 440 million video views.
 Tatro writes, produces and directs each of his video sketches with his friend, Christian A. Pierce.
 Tatro has appeared in "Divergent", "Grown Ups 2", "22 Jump Street" and "", and will appear in the film "Camp Manna" alongside Gary Busey, set to be released in 2017.
 He is also starring in the true-crime satire, "American Vandal", in which he plays Dylan Maxwell, the accused vandal.
 He will also appear in the movie, Action No. 1, a film about a group of people who attempt to steal the first comic book with Superman off the actor Nicholas Cage.
Nicholas Mele is an actor who has starred in many movies and on television.
 His first movie role was in the 1976 movie "The Ritz".
 Other movie roles include "Some Kind of Hero" (1982) and "Young Doctors in Love" (1982).
 His most well-known film role was in the 1988 hit horror movie "" as Dennis Johnson.
 A year later, he reprised his role in the hit sequel "".
 His most recent movie is the 2003 film "The Great Gabble".
"Where Do You Go" is a song written by Sonny Bono.
 It was released as the first single by Cher in the later quarter of 1965 for her second album "The Sonny Side of Cher".
 It fell short of the "Billboard" Hot 100's top 20, but still earned Cher a moderate success, by reaching the Top 40.
 It was followed by the U.S. #2 smash hit "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)" which saw a release early the following year.
 It was a bigger hit in Canada, where it reached #5 on the singles chart.
The year 2010 is the ninth year in the history of Cage Warriors, a mixed martial arts promotion based in the United Kingdom.
 In 2010 Cage Rage Championships held 3 events beginning with, "Cage Warriors 37: Right to Fight".
Saint Nicholas' Day, observed on December 6 in Western Christian countries, December 5 in the Netherlands and December 19 in Eastern Christian countries, is the feast day of Saint Nicholas.
 It is celebrated as a Christian festival with particular regard to his reputation as a bringer of gifts, as well as through the attendance of Mass or worship services.
 In Europe, especially in "Germany and Poland, boys would dress as bishops begging alms for the poor."
 In Ukraine, children wait for St. Nicholas to come and to put a present under their pillows provided that the children were good during the year.
 Children who behaved badly may expect to find a twig or a piece of coal under their pillows.
 In the Netherlands, "Dutch children put out a clog filled with hay and a carrot for Saint Nicholas' horse.
 On Saint Nicholas' Day, gifts are tagged with personal humorous rhymes written by the sender."
 In the United States, one custom associated with Saint Nicholas Day is children leaving their shoes in the foyer on Saint Nicholas Eve in hope that Saint Nicholas will place some coins on the soles, for them to awake to.
Tony Bonello is an Australian professional mixed martial artist and grappler who is currently signed to ONE FC.
 A professional competitor since 2000, he has formerly competed for EliteXC, King of the Cage and Pancrase.
 Bonello is the former, King of the Cage Middleweight Superfight Champion, the former King of the Cage Light Heavyweight Champion, and the former King of the Cage Cruiserweight Champion.
 14 of his 16 career wins have come by way of submission.
Fayard Antonio Nicholas (October 20, 1914 – January 24, 2006) was an American choreographer, dancer and actor.
 He and his younger brother Harold Nicholas made up the Nicholas Brothers tap-dance duo, who starred in the MGM musicals "An All-Colored Vaudeville Show" (1935), "Stormy Weather" (1943), "The Pirate" (1948), and "Hard Four" (2007).
 The Nicholas brothers also starred in the 20th Century-Fox musicals "Down Argentine Way" (1940), "Sun Valley Serenade" (1941), and "Orchestra Wives" (1942).
The year 1999 is the 1st year in the history of King of the Cage, a mixed martial arts promotion based in The United States.
 In 1999 King of the Cage held 1 event, "KOTC 1: Bas Rutten's King of the Cage".
The year 2012 is the 11th year in the history of Cage Warriors, a mixed martial arts promotion based in the United Kingdom.
 In 2012 Cage Warriors held 12 events beginning with, "Cage Warriors Fight Night 3".
