Arbutus is a genus of 11 accepted species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae, native to warm temperate regions of the Mediterranean, western Europe, the Canary Islands (Teneriffa) and North America.
 The name "Arbutus" was taken from Latin, where it referred to "A. unedo".
Aspidistra is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Nolinoideae, native to eastern and southeastern Asia, particularly China and Vietnam.
 They grow in shade under trees and shrubs.
 Their leaves arise more or less directly from ground level, where their flowers also appear.
 The number of species known has increased considerably from the 1980s onwards, with around 100 accepted as of July 2013 . "
Aspidistra elatior" is common worldwide as a foliage house plant that is very tolerant of neglect.
 It and other species can also be grown in shade outside, where they are generally hardy to -5 C .
Imazapyr is a non-selective herbicide used for the control of a broad range of weeds including terrestrial annual and perennial grasses and broadleaved herbs, woody species, and riparian and emergent aquatic species.
 It is used to eliminate "Lithocarpus densiflorus" (Tan Oak) and "Arbutus menziesii" (Pacific Madrone).
 Additionally, imazapyr is used to control annual and perennial grass and broadleaved weeds, brush, vines and many deciduous trees.
 Imazapyr is absorbed by the leaves and roots, and moves rapidly through the plant.
 It accumulates in the meristem region (active growth region) of the plant.
 In plants, imazapyr disrupts protein synthesis and interferes with cell growth and DNA synthesis.
There are currently two main types of power plants operating in Nigeria: (1) hydro-electric and (2) thermal or fossil fuel power plants.
 With a total installed capacity of 8457.6MW (81 percent of total) in early 2014, thermal power plants (gas-fired plants) dominates the Nigerian power supply mix.
 Electricity production from hydroelectric sources (% of total) in Nigeria was reported at 17.59 % in 2014, according to the World Bank collection of development indicators, compiled from officially recognized sources.
 There have been two main types of fossil fuel/thermal power plants in the country: (i) coal-fired and (ii) natural gas-fired.
A trellis (treillage) is an architectural structure, usually made from an open framework or lattice of interwoven or intersecting pieces of wood, bamboo or metal that is normally made to support and display climbing plants, especially shrubs.
 There are many types of trellis for different places and for different plants, from agricultural types, especially in viticulture, which are covered at vine training systems, to garden uses for climbers such as grapevines, clematis, ivy, and climbing roses or other support based growing plants.
 The rose trellis is especially common in Europe and other rose-growing areas, and many climbing rose varieties require a trellis to reach their potential as garden plants.
 Some plants will climb and wrap themselves round a trellis without much artificial help being needed while others need training by passing the growing shoots through the trellis and/or tying them to the framework.
Aspidistra nikolaii is a plant species of the genus "Aspidistra" that was one of the new 21 species of plants and animals recently discovered in the Annamite Range of central Vietnam.
 It was named after a late Russian botanist named Nicolai Arnautov.
 It has a dark blue flower that is almost black.
Self-pollination is when pollen from the same plant arrives at the stigma of a flower (in flowering plants) or at the ovule (in Gymnosperms).
 There are two types of self-pollination: In autogamy, pollen is transferred to the stigma of the same flower.
 In geitonogamy, pollen is transferred from the anther of one flower to the stigma of another flower on the same flowering plant, or from microsporangium to ovule within a single (monoecious) Gymnosperm.
 Some plants have mechanisms that ensure autogamy, such as flowers that do not open (cleistogamy), or stamens that move to come into contact with the stigma.
 The term selfing that is often used as a synonym, is not limited to self-pollination, but also applies to other types of self fertilization.
Silene menziesii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Menzies' campion and Menzies' catchfly.
 It is native to western North America from Alaska through the western half of Canada to the southwestern United States.
 It can be found in many types of habitat and it is quite common in much of its range.
 It is variable in morphology and there are a number of varied subtaxa.
 In general, it is a perennial herb growing from a caudex, appearing matlike, decumbent, or erect, with stems a few centimeters to over half a meter long.
 It is usually hairy in texture, with upper parts bearing sticky glandular hairs.
 The leaves are lance-shaped, oppositely arranged in pairs, and a few centimeters in length, upper leaves usually smaller than lower.
 Flowers may occur in a cyme at the top of the stem, or in leaf axils, or both.
 Each is encapsulated in a hairy, veined calyx of fused sepals.
 The petals are white with two lobes at the tips.
 The plant is dioecious with male and female plants producing different flowers.
 The male and female flower types look the same externally; the stamens are reduced in female plants and the stigmas are reduced in the male.
False vivipary is an abnormal condition found in many types of plants in which a plantlet is produced where the flower should appear.
 It is not a completely understood topic, but some say it could be caused by a hormonal mistake.
 The plantlet which appears can be rooted and grown like normal plants.
 This abnormal behavior can occasionally be seen in many types of carnivorous plants.
Thorius munificus is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
 It is endemic to Mexico and only known from near its type locality near Las Vigas, Veracruz.
 Its natural habitats are pine-oak and pine forests, woodlands, and "Arbutus" forests with abundant shrubby and ericaceous plants.
 The species is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging, agriculture, and human settlement.
