Agent 077: Mission Bloody Mary or Agente 077: Missione Bloody Mary is a 1965 Italian action spy adventure film.
 The first of the Secret Agent 077 film series directed by Sergio Grieco.
A Caesar is a cocktail created and primarily consumed in Canada.
 It typically contains vodka, a caesar mix (a blend of tomato juice and clam broth), hot sauce, and Worcestershire sauce, and is served with ice in a large, celery salt-rimmed glass, typically garnished with a stalk of celery and wedge of lime.
 What distinguishes it from a Bloody Mary is the inclusion of clam broth.
 The cocktail may also be contrasted with the Michelada, which has similar flavouring ingredients but uses beer instead of vodka.
The Bloody Mary Show is a multi-award-winning British comedy web series produced and written by director Darren Chadwick-Hussein.
 The series is broadcast on the internet and premiered on September 7, 2012.
 So far, seven episodes of season one have been made, with season two currently under development.
 The show can be found distributed across the web including on Blip and YouTube.
 The Bloody Mary Show follows a group of unconventional ghouls, who can be summoned from the afterlife by the living or are sent to haunt them.
 The show focuses on main character Bloody Mary and her friends, Abdabs, Malevolent and Viscera, as they spend their days haunting the living, sharing their experiences and drinking at an underworld bar called Hemingway's, which was filmed in the oldest pub on the River Thames, 'The Mayflower.'
Typhoon Mary, also nicknamed "Bloody Mary" by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC), was an extremely damaging storm that was part of the 1960 Pacific typhoon season.
 It began as a circulation in a trough in the South China Sea.
 A tropical depression formed on June 2, as it was traveling clockwise.
 It became a tropical storm on the next day, and received the name "Mary".
 It slowly moved across the sea, strengthening to a typhoon.
 Mary made landfall in Hong Kong on June 8, and moved through Guangdong and Fujian.
 It reemerged back to the Pacific Ocean, and restrengthened into a typhoon temporarily.
 It then traveled east, weakening and becoming extratropical on June 12.
"Bloody Mary (Nerve Endings)", often referred to as just "Bloody Mary", is an indie rock song performed by American alternative rock music group Silversun Pickups.
 The song was written by Silversun Pickups, and produced by Jacknife Lee.
 It serves as the lead-off single to their third studio album, "Neck of the Woods", which was released on May 8, 2012.
 The song reached the top ten of the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart in May 2012, peaking at number seven in June.
A Bacon Martini, also known as bacontini, pig on the tocks or a bloody bacon martini, is a cocktail that consists of bacon-infused vodka served with a garnish that can include strips of bacon, bacon bits, or olives.
 Variants may include the addition of Bloody Mary mix.
 Although not a vodka martini, which consists of vodka and vermouth, the term "bacon martini" is consistent with the trend of calling any straight liquor in a martini glass a "martini," such as the saketini or other variations.
Young Royals is a series of novels for children by Carolyn Meyer based on the early lives of multiple royalties such as English and French royalty.
 Books in the series mostly include the English Tudors such as "Mary, Bloody Mary" (1999), "Beware, Princess Elizabeth" (2001), "Doomed Queen Anne" (2002) and "Patience, Princess Catherine" (2004).
 The French books are "Duchessina" (2007) about the life of Catherine de' Medici and "The Bad Queen: Rules and Instructions for Marie-Antoinette" (2010).
 The latest books in the series are "Cleopatra Confesses" (2011) about Cleopatra who however is an adult, "The Wild Queen: The Days and Nights of" Mary, Queen of Scots (2012) and the English "Victoria Rebels" (2013) about Queen Victoria.
"Bloody Mary Morning" is a song written by American country music singer-songwriter Willie Nelson.
 Nelson wrote the song inspired by his struggles to become a "better parent".
 It was originally released in the 1970 RCA Records release "Both Sides Now" with the title "Bloody Merry Morning".
Bloody Mary is a folklore legend consisting of a ghost, phantom, or spirit conjured to reveal the future.
 She is said to appear in a mirror when her name is called three times.
 The Bloody Mary apparition may be benign or malevolent, depending on historic variations of the legend.
 The Bloody Mary appearances are mostly "witnessed" in group participation play.
Typhoid Mary (Mary Walker), also known as Bloody Mary and Mutant Zero, is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 The character is usually depicted as an enemy of Daredevil and Deadpool.
