Science-Fiction Plus was a U.S. science fiction magazine published by Hugo Gernsback for seven issues in 1953.
 In 1926 Gernsback had launched "Amazing Stories," the first science fiction magazine, but he had not been involved in the genre since 1936, when he sold "Wonder Stories".
 "Science-Fiction Plus" was initially in slick format, meaning that it was large-size and printed on glossy paper.
 Gernsback had always believed in the educational power of science fiction, and he continued to advocate his views in the new magazine's editorials.
 The managing editor, Sam Moskowitz, had been a reader of the early pulp magazines, and published many writers who had been popular before World War II, such as Raymond Gallun, Eando Binder, and Harry Bates.
 Combined with Gernsback's earnest editorials, the use of these early writers gave the magazine an anachronistic feel.
 Sales were initially good, but soon fell.
 For the last two issues Gernsback switched the magazine to cheaper pulp paper, but the magazine remained unprofitable.
 The final issue was dated December 1953.
A list of poems by Robert E. Howard (1906–1936), an American writer and poet in early 20th century Texas.
 His love of poetry came from being read to by his mother at a young age.
 However, his attempts to make a living by poetry were unsuccessful and he is today most remembered for his short stories and fiction.
 Nevertheless, Howard wrote hundreds of poems; many were published within his lifetime and the others published after his 1936 suicide.
Vargo Statten Science Fiction Magazine (later Vargo Statten British Science Fiction Magazine, The British Science Fiction Magazine and The British Space Fiction Magazine) was a British science fiction magazine which published nineteen issues between 1954 and 1956.
 It was initially published by Scion Press, with control passing to a successor company, Scion Distributors, after Scion went bankrupt in early 1954.
 At the end of 1954, as part payment for a debt, Scion Distributors handed control of the magazine to Dragon Press, who continued it for another twelve issues.
 E.C. Tubb and John Russell Fearn were regular contributors, and Kenneth Bulmer also published several stories in the magazine.
 Barrington Bayley's first published story, "Combat's End", appeared in May 1954.
 The editor was initially Alistair Paterson, but after seven issues Fearn took the helm: "Vargo Statten" was one of Fearn's aliases, and the magazine's title had been chosen because of his popularity.
 Neither Paterson nor Fearn had enough of a budget to attract good quality submissions, and a printing strike in 1956 brought an end to the magazine's life.
Cormac Fitzgeoffrey is a fictional character created by Robert E. Howard.
 He is a half-Norman, half-Gael taking part in the Third Crusade.
 Howard wrote two short stories featuring the character and a synopsis that was later completed by another author.
 Although Howard was most famous for his fantasy fiction, especially Conan the Barbarian, the Cormac stories have a purely historical setting, albeit one with a heroic theme.
Harlan Perry Howard (September 8, 1927 – March 3, 2002) was an American songwriter, principally in country music.
 In a career spanning six decades, Howard wrote a large number of popular and enduring songs, recorded by a variety of different artists.
 Howard was married to country singer Jan Howard.
 He was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1973, and the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1997.
A list of poems by Robert E. Howard (1906–1936), an American writer and poet in early 20th century Texas.
 His love of poetry came from being read to by his mother at a young age.
 However, his attempts to make a living by poetry were unsuccessful and he is today most remembered for his short stories and fiction.
 Nevertheless, Howard wrote hundreds of poems; many were published within his lifetime and the others published after his 1936 suicide.
A fantasy fiction magazine or fantasy magazine is a magazine which publishes primarily fantasy fiction.
 Not generally included in the category are magazines for children with stories about such characters as Santa Claus.
 Also not included are adult magazines about sexual fantasy.
 Many fantasy magazines, in addition to fiction, have other features such as art, cartoons, reviews, or letters from readers.
 Some fantasy magazines also publish science fiction and horror fiction, so that here is not always a clear distinction between a fantasy magazine and a science fiction magazine.
 For example, "Fantastic" magazine published almost exclusively science fiction for much of its run.
Robert E. Howard's legacy extended after his death in 1936.
 Howard's most famous character, Conan the Barbarian, has a pop-culture imprint that has been compared to such icons as Tarzan of the Apes, Count Dracula, Sherlock Holmes, and James Bond.
 Howard's critical reputation suffered at first but over the decades works of Howard scholarship have been published.
 The first professionally published example of this was L. Sprague de Camp's "Dark Valley Destiny" (1983) which was followed by other works, including Don Herron's "The Dark Barbarian" (1984) and Mark Finn's "" (2006).
 Also in 2006, a charity, Robert E. Howard Foundation, was created to promote further scholarship.
A list of poems by Robert E. Howard (1906–1936), an American writer and poet in early 20th century Texas.
 His love of poetry came from being read to by his mother at a young age.
 However, his attempts to make a living by poetry were unsuccessful and he is today most remembered for his short stories and fiction.
 Nevertheless, Howard wrote hundreds of poems; many were published within his lifetime and the others published after his 1936 suicide.
Nameless Cults: The Cthulhu Mythos Fiction of Robert E. Howard is a collection of Cthulhu Mythos short stories by Robert E. Howard.
 It was first published in the US in 2001 by Chaosium Press.
 All of these stories had been published previously, between 1929 and 1985, in "Weird Tales", "From Beyond the Dark Gateway", "Strange Tales", "Weirdbook", "Fantasy Crosswinds", "Coven", "Fantasy Book", "Dark Things", and "The Fantasy Magazine".
