Deepsea Challenger (DCV 1) is a 7.3 m deep-diving submersible designed to reach the bottom of Challenger Deep, the deepest-known point on Earth.
 On 26 March 2012, Canadian film director James Cameron piloted the craft to accomplish this goal in the second manned dive reaching the Challenger Deep.
 Built in Sydney, Australia by the research and design company Acheron Project Pty Ltd, "Deepsea Challenger" includes scientific sampling equipment and high-definition 3-D cameras, and reached the ocean's deepest point after two hours and 36 minutes of descent from the surface.
Glomar Challenger Basin ( ) is a northeast trending undersea basin in the central Ross Sea continental shelf named for the research ship "Glomar Challenger".
 The name was approved by the Advisory Committee for Undersea Features in June 1988.
Arctic Challenger is a barge which has been converted by Superior Energy Services for use in the Arctic drilling operations of Shell Oil Company.
 This barge is designed to function as a "novel engineering solution" which they refer to as an Arctic Containment System to respond should a blowout event occur at drilling sites in the Beaufort or Chukchi Seas.
 According to testimony provided to Senator Mark Begich on 11 October 2012, Coast Guard Rear Admiral Thomas Ostebo said the certification for the Shell spill barge Arctic Challenger to operate in Alaska was given on the 10th of October at the Bellingham, Washington shipyard where it was constructed.
 Ostebo is commander of the Coast Guard’s 17th district, which covers Alaska.
The CMC Zinger (, originally the Mitsubishi Zinger before 2015) is a compact MPV designed by Mitsubishi Motors in conjunction with the China Motor Corporation from Taiwan, based on the chassis of the Mitsubishi Challenger, and sold in Taiwan from December 24, 2005.
 The name derives from a "person or something full of energy and vitality".
 Since June 2007 it has also been marketed in the Philippines as the Mitsubishi Fuzion, as the company claims it "merges together the best characteristics of [three] vehicles, the sporty character and ruggedness of an SUV, the spaciousness and versatility of a van, and riding comfort of a passenger car".
JOIDES Resolution (Joint Oceanographic Institutions for Deep Earth Sampling), often abbreviated JR, is one of two scientific drilling ships used by the International Ocean Discovery Program (the other being the Japanese drilling vessel Chikyu).
 The JR was previously the main research ship used in the Ocean Drilling Program and was used along with the Chikyu throughout the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program.
 She is the successor of "Glomar Challenger".
Track Marshall was a brand of earthmoving equipment who were active during WWII building tanks. Later, they produced a range of crawler tractors, based on the wheeled tractor "Field Marshall" brand.
 In 1956 the first Track Marshall bulldozer model was introduced and later the Challenger 3 followed by the Challenger 33, the "TM55" and also the successful six-cylinder "TM70" (probably equivalent to a Caterpillar D5).
 They also built the TM 955 track loader (a "drott") and also a range of rubber tracked bulldozers.
 The company was in business for some 50 years, eventually closing in 1990 after new machines replaced older technology.
The Kreider-Reisner Challenger (later the Fairchild KR series) was an American utility biplane aircraft designed and produced by the Kreider-Reisner Aircraft Company, which was later taken over by the Fairchild Aircraft Company.
The Bristol Racing Biplane was a British single-seat biplane designed to combine the performance of a monoplane but using the strength of the biplane.
 It was designed by Robert Grandseigne and Léon Versepuy, who were supervised by George Challenger for the British & Colonial Aeroplane Company of Bristol, it crashed on its first flight.
Glomar Challenger was a deep sea research and scientific drilling vessel for oceanography and marine geology studies.
 The drillship was designed by Global Marine Inc. (now Transocean Inc.) specifically for a long term contract with the American National Science Foundation and University of California Scripps Institution of Oceanography and built by Levingston Shipbuilding Company in Orange, Texas.
 Launched on March 23, 1968, the vessel was owned and operated by the Global Marine Inc. corporation.
 "Glomar Challenger" was given its name as a tribute to the accomplishments of the oceanographic survey vessel HMS "Challenger" .
 Glomar is a truncation of Global Marine.
A containment dome is a component of the system designed to contain the underwater blowout of an oil well such as occurred with the Macondo Well blowout from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
 This portion of the system is designed as a vacuum to suck up the products being expelled from a blowout and deliver those products to the containment system housed on the vessel moored above the blowout.
 Superior Energy Services is constructing this device to be used by Shell Oil Company on the barge "Arctic Challenger" as their "fourth line of defense" against a blowout in the Arctic drilling regions in the Chukchi Sea and Beaufort Sea.
