LATAM Perú, formerly LAN Perú S.A. is an airline based in Lima, Peru.
 It is a subsidiary of LATAM Airlines (), which owns 49% of the airline.
 It operates scheduled domestic and international services.
 Its main base is Jorge Chávez International Airport.
 LATAM Perú is the dominant airline in Peru, controlling 73.4% of the domestic market.
Grand Aire Express was an American airline based in Swanton, Ohio, US.
 It operated passenger and cargo charter services, as well as charter management services.
 Its main base began in Monroe, Michigan and then moved to Toledo Express Airport, Toledo, Ohio.
 Grand Aire Express closed down/disestablished in June 2003; however, the parent company Grand Aire Inc., is still in operation, providing On-Demand Air Charter and FBO services from their world-headquarters at the Toledo Express Airport in Swanton, Ohio.
LATAM Cargo Colombia, formerly known as "Línea Aérea Carguera de Colombia S.A. (LANCO)", is a Colombian cargo airline based in Bogotá with its main base at El Dorado International Airport.
 LANCO operated under its own branding for a brief period in 2009, when it was changed to the appearance of sister company LAN Cargo.
Air Link Pty Ltd is an airline based in Dubbo, New South Wales, Australia.
 It operates both air charter services and scheduled services within New South Wales, including a daily scheduled return between Dubbo and Sydney on behalf of parent company Regional Express Airlines.
 Its main base is Dubbo Airport.
Cebgo, Inc., operating as Cebgo, is a low-cost airline serving the Philippines.
 It is the successor company to SEAir, Inc., which previously operated as South East Asian Airlines and Tigerair Philippines.
 It is now owned by JG Summit, the parent company of Cebu Pacific which operates the airline.
 Its main base has been transferred from Clark International Airport (formerly Diosdado Macapagal International Airport), Angeles to Ninoy Aquino International Airport, Metro Manila.
LATAM Airlines Paraguay, formerly known as TAM Paraguay or Transportes Aéreos del Mercosur S.A., and previously as LAP (Líneas Aéreas Paraguayas), is the flag carrier and the national airline of Paraguay with its headquarters in Asunción, Paraguay.
 Its flights operate from Silvio Pettirossi International Airport in Asunción.
 Its parent company is LATAM Airlines Group.
LATAM Express (Transporte Aéreo S.A.), previously known as LAN Express is a subsidiary of LATAM Chile.
 It operates some domestic and a few international routes for its parent.
 Its main base is Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport, Santiago, Chile.
Blue Dart Aviation is a cargo airline based in Chennai, India.
 It operates with its main base as Chennai International Airport and services 7 Indian cities.
 German courier company Deutsche Post owns a 70% stake in the airline through its subsidiary Blue Dart Express.
 It provides service in 220 plus countries and territories all over the world through their parent company DHL.
Hainan HNA Infrastructure Investment Group Co., Ltd. formerly Hainan Island Construction Co., Ltd. is a Chinese listed company based in Haikou.
 in mid-2016 the company acquired HNA Infrastructure Group () in a reverse IPO from intermediate parent company HNA Infrastructure Holding Group (), which HNA Infrastructure Group is the parent company of HNA Real Estate and HNA Airport Group (, in turn HNA Airport Group is the parent company of HNA Airport Holdings (Group) () and HNA Airport Holdings is the parent company of Sanya Phoenix International Airport Co., Ltd.); HNA Airport Group is the largest shareholder of Haikou Meilan International Airport (19.58% as at October 2016), which in turn the largest shareholder of Hong Kong listed company HNA Infrastructure.
 In December 2016 a proposed capital increase of the HK-listed company was announced.
 HNA Infrastructure Investment Group would purchase a minority share directly.
 Haikou Meilan International Airport was the second-largest shareholder of Hainan Airlines; Hainan Airlines, however, also owned a minority stake in Haikou Meilan International Airport.
SM-Chile is a holding company for Banco de Chile.
 Until 1996, when its Board of Shareholders agreed to become an investment company with exclusive turn, governed by Law No. 19,396, changing its name to Bank of Parent Company Chile SA' Simultaneously, the parent company of Banco de Chile SA created a commercial bank under the name Banco de Chile and was transferred all its assets and liabilities, excluding subordinated obligation call with the Central Bank of Chile, obligation undertaken following the banking crisis of the years 1982 - 1984 and the consequent bailout carried out by the Central Bank.
 After this transformation, the sole shareholder of Banco de Chile was the parent company of Banco de Chile SA
