The Street is a novel published in 1946 by African-American writer Ann Petry.
 Set in World War II era Harlem, it centers on the life of Lutie Johnson.
 Petry's novel is a commentary on the social injustices that confronted her character, Lutie Johnson, as a single black mother in this time period.
 Lutie is confronted by racism, sexism, and classism on a daily basis in her pursuit of the American dream for herself and her son, Bub.
 Lutie fully subscribes to the belief that if she follows the adages of Benjamin Franklin by working hard and saving wisely, she will be able to achieve the dream of being financially independent and move from the tenement in which she lives on 116th Street.
 Franklin is embodied in the text through the character Junto, named after Franklin's secret organization of the same name.
 It is Junto, through his secret manipulations to possess Lutie sexually, who ultimately leads Lutie to murder Junto's henchman, Boots.
 Junto represents Petry's deep disillusionment with the cultural myth of the American dream.
"An American Dream" is a song written by Rodney Crowell.
 He recorded it under the title "Voilá, An American Dream" on his 1978 album "Ain't Living Long Like This", and released it as the B-side to that album's single "(Now and Then There's) A Fool Such as I".
"Mr. Jones" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Mike Jones, released as the first single from his album "The American Dream".
 At the end of the song, Mike Jones claims that there is a film called "The American Dream" coming out as well as the EP.
 The single debuted at 92 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, but the following week it fell off the chart.
American Dream (stylized on digital releases as american dream) is the fourth studio album by American rock band LCD Soundsystem, released on September 1, 2017, by DFA and Columbia.
 It was first announced on January 5, 2016, the day after it was revealed that the band was reuniting after a disbandment lasting nearly five years.
 It is the band's first album in seven years, following "This Is Happening" (2010).
The Massachusetts Institute for a New Commonwealth, or "MassINC," is registered as a non-profit 501(c) organization that functions as a nonpartisan, evidence-based think tank.
 Its mission is to develop a public agenda for Massachusetts that promotes the growth and vitality of the middle class.
 Its governing philosophy is rooted in the ideals embodied in the American Dream: equality of opportunity, personal responsibility, and a strong commonwealth.
 Their mission is to promote a public agenda for the middle class and to help all citizens achieve the American dream.
Gatsbys American Dream is the self-titled fourth album from Gatsbys American Dream.
 It is the band's second album released under Fearless Records and their fourth full-length overall.
 It is also the first album with band member Kyle O'Quin.
Sung-ho Choi is a Korean-American mixed media artist.
 Born in Seol, he was awarded a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree by Hongik University in 1980, moving to the United States a year later.
 In 1984 he was awarded his Master of Fine Arts from the Pratt Institute.
 In 1990, he founded the SEORO Korean Cultural Network, a Korean-American artists collective, and in 1996 was commissioned by Percent for Art to create an installation work.
 Choi has held solo exhibitions at University of Massachusetts Amherst, Queens Museum of Art and the Kumho Museum of Art.
 Choi's artwork reflects his background as an Asian-American; having travelled to the United States due to South Korea's political instability, he "realized that the 'American dream' is not so easily achieved for a Korean immigrant', and made a series of works, including "We the People" (1990) and "American Dream" (1988-92) that reflected his feelings on being exposed to American culture and the intersection between cultures.
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream is a novel by Hunter S. Thompson, illustrated by Ralph Steadman.
 The book is a roman à clef, rooted in autobiographical incidents.
 The story follows its protagonist, Raoul Duke, and his attorney, Dr. Gonzo, as they descend on Las Vegas to chase the American Dream through a drug-induced haze, all the while ruminating on the failure of the 1960s countercultural movement.
 The work is Thompson's most famous book, and is noted for its lurid descriptions of illegal drug use and its early retrospective on the culture of the 1960s.
 Its popularization of Thompson's highly subjective blend of fact and fiction has become known as gonzo journalism.
 The novel first appeared as a two-part series in "Rolling Stone" magazine in 1971, was published as a book in 1972.
 It was later adapted into a film of the same name in 1998 by Terry Gilliam, starring Johnny Depp and Benicio del Toro who portrayed Raoul Duke and Dr. Gonzo, respectively.
"Call the Police" (stylized as "call the police" on digital releases) is a song by American rock band LCD Soundsystem.
 It was released together with "American Dream" as a digital double A-side single on May 5, 2017, through DFA Records and Columbia Records, as the lead single from their fourth studio album, "American Dream" (2017).
 The song peaked at number 78 in Scotland and number 26 on the "Billboard" Hot Rock Songs chart.
Everything is Shifting is a 2005 EP by Atlanta-based rock band Y-O-U.
 The record represented a striking change in the band's sound, both lyrically and musically, the latter change being inspired in part by the departure of two members, Eric Park and Matt Sonnicksen, in 2004.
 Multi-instrumentalist Clay Cook assisted the band in the performance and production of "Everything Is Shifting" and appeared in the video for "Good Luck with that American Dream"; however, he would not become a member of Y-O-U until after the record's release and would then leave the band before its next project "Flashlights".
 "Good Luck with that American Dream" has been licensed for an international Coca-Cola ad.
