The Principality of Transylvania, from 1765 Grand Principality of Transylvania, was an Austrian crownland and realm of the Hungarian Crown ruled by the Habsburg and Habsburg-Lorraine monarchs of the Habsburg Monarchy (later Austrian Empire).
 During the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, the Hungarian government proclaimed union with Transylvania in the April Laws of 1848 (after the Transylvanian Diet's confirmation on 30 May and the king's approval on 10 June that Transylvania again become an integral part of Hungary, an initiative rejected by the Romanians and Saxons who formed the majority population of Transylvania).
 After the failure of the revolution, the March Constitution of Austria decreed that the Principality of Transylvania be a separate crown land entirely independent of Hungary.
 In 1867, as a result of the Austro-Hungarian Compromise, the principality was reunited with Hungary proper.
The UFC was founded by Olympio as a federation of parties on February 1, 1992.
 Olympio was barred from standing in the August 1993 presidential election on a technicality.
 The UFC boycotted the February 1994 parliamentary election.
 Olympio was able to run in the June 1998 presidential election, placing second with 34% of the vote, behind long-time President Gnassingbé Eyadéma, according to official results; the UFC alleged fraud, however.
 The UFC boycotted the March 1999 parliamentary election, and it also participated in an opposition boycott of the next parliamentary election, held on 27 October 2002.
The Princely County of Tyrol, until 1493: County of Tyrol, was a State of the Holy Roman Empire established about 1140.
 Originally a jurisdiction under the sovereignty of the Counts of Tyrol, it was inherited by the Counts of Gorizia in 1253 and finally fell to the Austrian House of Habsburg in 1363.
 In 1804 the Princely County of Tyrol, unified with the secularised Prince-Bishoprics of Trent and Brixen, became a crown land of the Austrian Empire in 1804 and from 1867 a Cisleithanian crown land of Austria-Hungary.
The Duchy of Carniola (Slovene: "Vojvodina Kranjska" , German: "Herzogtum Krain" ) was a State of the Holy Roman Empire, established under Habsburg rule on the territory of the former East Frankish March of Carniola in 1364.
 A hereditary land of the Habsburg Monarchy, it became a constituent land of the Austrian Empire in 1804 and part of the Kingdom of Illyria until 1849.
 A separate crown land from 1849, it was incorporated into the Cisleithanian territories of Austria-Hungary from 1867 until the state's dissolution in 1918.
 Its capital was Ljubljana.
The 1991 Polish parliamentary election was held on 27 October 1991 to elect deputies to both houses of the National Assembly.
 The 1991 election was notable on several counts.
 It was the first parliamentary election to be held since the formation of the Third Republic, the first entirely free and competitive legislative election since the fall of communism, the first completely free legislative election of any sort since 1928, and only the fifth completely free election in all of Polish history.
 Due to the collapse of the Solidarity movement's political wing, the 1991 election saw deep political fragmentation, with a multitude of new parties and alliances emerging in its wake.
 Low voting thresholds within individual constituencies, along with a five percent national threshold allocated to a small portion of the Sejm, additionally contributed to party fragmentation.
 As a result, 29 political parties gained entry into the Sejm and 22 in the Senate, with no party holding a decisive majority.
 Two months of intense coalition negotiations followed, with Jan Olszewski of the Centre Agreement forming a minority government along with the Christian National Union, remnants of the broader Center Civic Alliance, and the Peasants' Agreement, with conditional support from Polish People's Party, Solidarity and other minor parties.
Moravia ( ; Czech: "Morava" ; German:    ; Polish: "Morawy" ; Latin: "Moravia" ) is a historical country in the Czech Republic (forming its eastern part) and one of the historical Czech lands, together with Bohemia and Czech Silesia.
 The medieval and early modern Margraviate of Moravia was a crown land of the Lands of the Bohemian Crown (from 1348 to 1918), an imperial state of the Holy Roman Empire (1004 to 1806), later a crown land of the Austrian Empire (1804 to 1867) and briefly also one of 17 former crown lands of the Cisleithanian part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire from 1867 to 1918.
 During the early 20th century, Moravia was one of the five lands of Czechoslovakia from 1918 to 1928; it was then merged with Czech Silesia, and eventually dissolved by abolition of the land system in 1949.
A presidential election was held in Kiribati on 17 October 2007, following the 2007 parliamentary election.
 President Anote Tong, who was re-elected to parliament in the first round of the parliamentary election, sought another term as president.
 At the first parliamentary session, four candidates were chosen to appear on the ballot: Anote Tong, Patrick Tatireta, Timon Aneri, and Nabuti Mwemwenikarawa.
 Opposition nominees Harry Tong (Anote Tong's brother) and Tetaua Taitai were excluded from the ballot, upon which the opposition called for a boycott of the election.
The Diet of the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, and of the Grand Duchy of Cracow was the regional assembly of the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, a crown land of the Austrian Empire, and later Austria-Hungary.
 In the history of the Polish parliaments, it is considered the successor of the former "sejm walny", or general sejm of the Kingdom of Poland and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, and also of the "sejmik", or local councils, in the territories of the Austrian Partition.
 It existed from 1861 until the dissolution of Austria-Hungary in 1918.
Native Trust Land in colonial Nyasaland was a category of land held in trust by the Secretary of State for the Colonies and administered by the colonial Governor for the benefit of African communities.
 In pre-colonial times, land belonged to the African communities that occupied it, and they were free to use it in accordance with local customary law.
 In the late 19th century, large areas of fertile land were acquired by European settlers, and the remainder became Crown land, which the colonial government could alienate without the consent of the resident communities.
 To give a measure of protection to those communities, in 1916 land in Native Reserves, which then amounted to about a quarter of the land in the protectorate, was designated as Native Trust Land, to be held in trust for the benefit of African communities.
 Later, in 1936, all Crown Land except game or forest reserves or that used for public purposes became Native Trust Land, and Native Authorities were authorised to allocate Trust Land to their communities in accordance with customary law.
 After 1936, Native Trust Land constituted over 80% of the land in Nyasaland and most African farmers farmed Native Trust Land (renamed African Trust Land in 1950) from then until Nyasaland gained independence as Malawi in 1964 and after.
The Ghanaian parliamentary election was held on 29 December 1992.
 This were the first parliamentary elections since the 1979 election, 13 years earlier.
 Presidential elections were held earlier on 3 November 1992.
 Only 28.1% of the registered voters turned out for the parliamentary elections.
 The preceding presidential election was considered to have been conducted in a free and fair manner by international observers.
 The opposition parties however claimed the election was fraudulent and boycotted this parliamentary election.
