The Army of Occupation Medal is a military award of the United States military which was established by the United States War Department on 5 April 1946.
 The medal was created in the aftermath of the Second World War to recognize those who had performed occupation service in either Germany, Italy, Austria, or Japan.
 The original Army of Occupation Medal was intended only for members of the United States Army, but was expanded in 1948 to encompass the United States Air Force shortly after that service's creation.
 The Navy and Marine equivalent of the Army of Occupation Medal is the Navy Occupation Service Medal.
Rainbow Warrior (sometimes informally called Rainbow Warrior II) is a three-masted schooner most notable for service with the environmental protection organization Greenpeace.
 She was built from the hull of the deep sea fishing ship "Ross Kashmir" (later "Grampian Fame"), which had been built by Cochrane & Sons of Selby, North Yorkshire and launched in 1957.
 "Rainbow Warrior" was originally 44 metres long and powered by steam, but was extended to 55.2 m in 1966.
 Greenpeace gave the vessel new masts, a gaff rig, a new engine and a number of environmentally low-impact systems to handle waste, heating and hot water.
 She was officially re-launched in Hamburg on 10 July 1989, the fourth anniversary of the sinking of her predecessor, the original "Rainbow Warrior".
M-6, or the Paul B. Henry Freeway, is a 19.7 mi freeway and state trunkline highway in the United States that serves portions of southern Kent and eastern Ottawa counties south of Grand Rapids, Michigan.
 Although the freeway is named for Paul B. Henry, local residents and the press continue to use the original name, South Beltline as well on occasion.
 The freeway connects Interstate 196 (I-196) on the west with I-96 on the east.
 M-6 also provides a connection to U.S. Highway 131 (US 131) in the middle of its corridor while running through several townships on the south side of the Grand Rapids metropolitan area in Western Michigan.
 Each end is in a rural area while the central section has suburban development along the trunkline.
The American Cemetery, also known as the Old City Cemetery, is a historic cemetery on Upper Mill Bay Road in Kodiak, Alaska.
 It is a small parcel of land near the intersection with Wilson Avenue, about one third of an acre, now completely surrounded by buildings.
 It was established in 1868 by the United States Army, not long after occupying the formerly Russian community after the Alaska Purchase, and is the second-oldest cemetery (after the one established by the Russians) in the city.
 The cemetery was used by the military and later the community until 1940.
 At least seven soldiers, including five from the original occupation of Fort Kodiak, are known to be buried here.
Michael V (Greek: Μιχαήλ Ε΄, "Mikhaēl V"; 1015 – 24 August 1042) was Byzantine emperor for four months in 1041–1042, the nephew and successor of Michael IV and the adoptive son of his wife, the Empress Zoe.
 He was popularly called "the Caulker" (Καλαφάτης, "Kalaphates") in accordance with his father's original occupation.
Route 44T, also known as the Gloucester County Tunnel, was a proposed state highway and vehicular tunnel during the 1930s from Gloucester County, New Jersey to Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania.
 The route was to begin at the state line near Paulsboro, New Jersey, heading eastward as a freeway through several southern New Jersey communities and providing access from New Jersey Route 42 to the Delaware River.
 The plans for the original freeway date back to 1930, when the original studies and requests were decided on by the New Jersey State Legislature.
 Plans soon followed in Pennsylvania, but after three years of receiving approval, the Gloucester County Tunnel experienced several setbacks.
 In 1938, the New Jersey State Legislature designated the State Highway Route 44-T designation, as a suffixed tunnel spur of New Jersey Route 44.
 By the 1953 renumbering, Route 44-T was already repealed and decommissioned while the tunnel was never constructed by the Gloucester County Tunnel Commission.
Ong Bak 2: The Beginning (องค์บาก 2) is a 2008 Thai martial arts film co-directed by and starring Tony Jaa.
 It is a follow-up to Jaa's 2003 breakout film "".
 Initially claimed to be a sequel to "Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior", "Ong Bak 2" was then announced to be a prequel to its predecessor.
 Unlike its predecessor however, which had a contemporary and realistic setting, "Ong Bak 2" is actually set in 15th century Thailand and as such, could be described as a historical epic with elements of fantasy combined, and has nothing to do with the original "Ong-Bak".
 "Ong Bak 2" also has nothing to do with Jaa's 2005 film "Tom-Yum-Goong", which was sometimes incorrectly labelled "Ong Bak 2" in the West, as well as "The Protector" and "The Warrior King".
 "Tom-Yum-Goong" had a contemporary setting similar to "Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior", although it too had different characters and plot.
 Jaa's films had yet to tie into each other, although Jaa had claimed they would do so with the release of "Ong Bak 3" in 2010, which they did.
 As well as the different historical setting to Jaa's previous films, "Ong Bak 2" has taken a notably grittier and bloodier direction.
The Warrior Ethos is a 2011 non-fiction book by American author Steven Pressfield.
 It is a unique-style narrative in which Pressfield contemplates the nature of the warrior code and the rules by which a warrior, even a metaphorical one, must follow.
 He relates several examples from history from the stand of the Spartans at Thermopylae to the defeat of the inner vices as described in the Bhagavad Gita.
Electo Pereda was a Chilean manager.
 He coached as a hobby Colo-Colo during 1930s, being militar his original occupation.
Freeway Warrior is a series of 4 gamebooks, created by Joe Dever.
 The books were published between 1988 and 1989, detailing the complete story of a band of nuclear holocaust survivors as they flee Texas to the relative safety of California.
