The hill rises about 250 feet above the level of the plateau, which itself constitutes the summit of the Mahadev range at this point.
 The cone with the walls on it is seen from a great distance and appears very small indeed.
 But on near approach it is seen to be but the inner citadel of a place of considerable size and strength for the times in which it was built.
 On the south-west the outer wall or enceinte is entered by a rude gateway of a single pointed arch about eight feet high and five feet broad.
 As usual there is a curtain of solid masonry inside.
 The gate lies about 150 yards east of the edge of the plateau, which there terminates in an almost unbroken vertical precipice of several hundred feet in height and receding in a north-easterly direction.
 No wall was built along about three hundred yards of this part which is absolutely unscalable, but for the rest of the way the walling is continued along the edge of the cliff in a north-east direction for about another three hundred yards.
 Here it turns still following the cliff to the south-east for another seven hundred yards, and then gradually rounds to the westward covering four hundred and fifty yards more till it meets the gateway.
 But for the break of the inaccessible precipice this outer wall would form a nearly equilateral triangle with the corners rounded off, the side being of some six hundred and fifty yards.
 Facing nearly north, about fifty yards from the north-east angle, is a gateway with a couple of curtains in solid masonry.
 This entrance is cut in the sides of the cliff about twenty feet below the top which is reached by some dozen steps.
 It consisted as usual of a pointed arch, the top fallen in, about ten feet high by five broad.
 It leads out to the path down to Girvi, a village in the plains below and it probably formed the communication with Phaltan.
 This road winds down the face of the range for some five hundred feet till it hits the shoulder of a spur which it then follows to the base.
 The walling on the south side, from the edge of the cliff to some hundred yards east of the southern gate, is not more than a couple of feet in thickness and consists of all-fitting stones unmortared.
 The rest is massive and well mortared and still fairly preserved.
 The average height is from seven to ten feet.
 In the south-east angle is a rude temple of Bhairavnath and a few houses with the remains of Man y more.
 On the right side of the southern gate is a well preserved stone pond about thirty yards square with steps leading down to it.
 Next to and on the north of Bhairavnath's temple is another pond.
 The way up to the fort proper or upper and lower citadels is from the north side.
 The path up the hill side, which is steep but with grass and soil left in Man y places, is almost destroyed.
 About 150 feet up is the outer citadel built on a sort of shoulder of the hill and facing almost due west.
 It contains two massive bastions of excellent masonry looking north-west and south-west so that guns planted on them could comMan d respectively the north and south gateways.
 This citadel was connected with the main wall by a cross wall running across the whole breadth of the fort from east to west.
 Its entrance lies close below that to the upper citadel.
 A masonry curtain projects so as to hide the arch itself, which is not more than seven feet high by three broad, and has to be entered from due east.
 On the south side the walls are carried right up to the scarp of the upper citadel and are some ten feet high, so that to take the lower citadel in rear or flank must have been difficult.
 The upper citadel is above a vertical scarp some thirty feet high.
 The entrance to it lies some thirty feet above that to the lower citadel, and is cut in the rock about eight feet wide.
 There is a gateway of a pointed arch with the top fallen in and twenty odd steps leading up to it and ten more cut out of the rock, and winding up past the inside curtain on to the top.
 The walls of this upper citadel are still in tolerable preservation.
 They were originally about ten feet high and built of fair masonry.
 There is a large turret on the south-west corner, evidently meant to comMan d the southern gate.
 About ten yards to the east of this turret is a new looking building which was the headquarters or sadar.
 Immediately east of this and below it is a great pit about thirty feet square and equally deep roughly cut in the rock and said by the people to be a dungeon.
 Next to it on the south is a small pond evenly cut and lined with mortar used for storing water.
 There are some remains of sepoys' houses, and, near the turret, a small stone wheel said to belong to a gun.
 The outer walls east of the gates have bastions at every turn of the cliffs, and the masonry here is particularly strong and well preserved.
 It would appear that attacks were dreaded chiefly from the plain below.
 The assailants could either come up the spur towards the north entrance or they might attempt the spurs on the other side of the eastern ravine and attack the southern gateway.
 Hence apparently the reason for strengthening the walls of the enceinte on this side.
 After passing the southern gateway the assailants would be commanded Maan, Maharashtra from the lower citadel.
 They Would then be encountered by the cross wall.
 If that obstacle was overcome the besieged would run round the east side and into the two citadels.
 The appearance from the fort of the plain in the north is most formidable.
 The Panvan plateau completely commands Maan, Maharashtra and almost overhangs it.
 The fort is believed to have been built by Shivaji to resist the Moghals whose attacks he must have dreaded from the plain below.
 The Karkhanis or Superintendent of the fort was a Prabhu.
 The fort garrison consisted of 200 Ramoshis, Mahars, and other hereditary Gadkaris besides sepoys.
 It was surrendered in 1818 to Vitthal Pant Phadnis of the Raja of Satara left in charge of the town.
 He detached 200 men to take possession, being part of a force then raised to protect the town from the enterprizes of Bajirav's garrisons then in the neighbourhood.
 [Elphinstone in Pendhari and Maratha War Papers, 245.]
The West Gate Distributor is a proposed toll road in Melbourne, Australia, to provide access between the West Gate Freeway and the Port of Melbourne, primarily for heavy freight vehicles.
 The project, estimated to cost $680 million, was promised in 2013 by the then Victorian Labor Opposition to allow an estimated 5000 trucks a day to bypass the congested West Gate Bridge.
 The project is Labor's alternative to the Napthine government's controversial $18 billion East West Link, which it cancelled in April 2015.
 Labor promised to have contracts for the West Gate Distributor project signed within six months of forming government following the 2014 state election, and said the road would be completed by 2018.
The Newcastle town wall is a medieval defensive wall, and Scheduled Ancient Monument, in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
 It was built during the 13th and 14th centuries, and helped protect the town from attack and occupation during times of conflict.
 It was approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) long, at least 2 metres (6.5 ft) thick, up to 7.6 metres (25 ft) high, and had six main gates: Close Gate, West Gate, New Gate, Pilgrim Gate, Pandon Gate and Sand Gate.
 It also had seventeen towers, as well as several smaller turrets and postern gates.
 The town wall was kept in good repair whilst there was a threat of invasion from Scottish armies, and the town was successfully defended on at least two occasions; but with the decline of the border wars between England and Scotland, the wall was allowed to deteriorate.
The Lordship of Glamorgan was one of the most powerful and wealthy of the Welsh Marcher Lordships.
 The seat was Cardiff Castle.
 It was established by the conquest of Glamorgan from its native Welsh ruler, by the Anglo-Norman nobleman Robert FitzHamon, feudal baron of Gloucester, and his legendary followers the Twelve Knights of Glamorgan.
 The Anglo-Norman Lord of Glamorgan, like all Marcher lords, ruled his lands directly by his own law: thus he could, amongst other things, declare war, raise taxes, establish courts and markets and build castles as he wished, without reference to the Crown.
 These privileges were only lost under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542.
 Though possessing many castles, the main seat of the Lordship was Cardiff Castle.
Cardiff Castle (Welsh: "Castell Caerdydd" ) is a medieval castle and Victorian Gothic revival mansion located in the city centre of Cardiff, Wales.
 The original motte and bailey castle was built in the late 11th century by Norman invaders on top of a 3rd-century Roman fort.
 The castle was commissioned either by William the Conqueror or by Robert Fitzhamon, and formed the heart of the medieval town of Cardiff and the Marcher Lord territory of Glamorgan.
 In the 12th century the castle began to be rebuilt in stone, probably by Robert of Gloucester, with a shell keep and substantial defensive walls being erected.
 Further work was conducted by Richard de Clare, 6th Earl of Gloucester, in the second half of the 13th century.
 Cardiff Castle was repeatedly involved in the conflicts between the Anglo-Normans and the Welsh, being attacked several times in the 12th century, and stormed in 1404 during the revolt of Owain Glyndŵr.
The West Lodge, also known as the West Gate Lodge, to Cardiff Castle is a Grade II* listed building, currently used as a tea room, in the centre of Cardiff, Wales.
 It is approximately 100 m west of the Castle, with the Animal Wall running in-between.
Live at Cardiff Castle is a DVD released by Welsh Rock trio, Stereophonics.
 The DVD features live recordings from a concert at Cardiff Castle on 12 June 1998.
The Ames Gate Lodge is a celebrated work by American architect H. H. Richardson.
 It is privately owned on an estate landscaped by Frederick Law Olmsted, but its north facade can be seen from the road at 135 Elm Street, North Easton, Massachusetts.
 In 2013, the Ames Gate Lodge was protected by a preservation easement held by Historic New England.
The Cardiff Mela (also known as the Cardiff Multicultural Mela) is an annual large-scale outdoor multicultural festival, held in the city's Roald Dahl Plass, in Cardiff Bay.
 It is a free event and run by a not for profit organisation based in Cardiff.
 It celebrates many cultural aspects of Asian life, particularly music, dance, fashion and food.
 The annual event first took place on an outdoor location in 2007 at Coopers Field, Cardiff Castle in the heart of Cardiff City Centre.
 The 2009 festival featured bhangra, Bollywood and rnb singers including H Dhami, Mumzy Stranger and Navin Kundra amongst others.
 The 2010 event attracted over 30,000 visitors and featured a performance from Bombay Rockers.
Gate Lodge () is a small house located at Mount Austin Road on Victoria Peak, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.
 Gate Lodge was built between 1900 and 1902.
 It is in Renaissance style.
