The River Blackwater (Irish: "An Uisce Dubh" ), also called the Kells Blackwater or Leinster Blackwater, is a river that flows through the counties of Cavan and Meath in Ireland.
 It is a tributary of the River Boyne which flows into the Irish Sea at Drogheda.
 (This is one of two River Blackwaters which flow into the Boyne in County Meath, the other originates in County Kildare).
Boyne River is a stream in Northern Michigan, named for the River Boyne in Leinster, Ireland.
 Together with the north and south branches, the river system has approximately 22 mi of mainstream and the water basin drains 40320 acre .
 Boyne River is Lake Charlevoix's second-largest tributary, after the Jordan River.
The Battle of the Boyne (Irish: "Cath na Bóinne" ] ) was a battle in 1690 between the forces of the deposed King James II of England, and those of Dutch Prince William of Orange who, with his wife Mary II (his cousin and James's daughter), had acceded to the Crowns of England and Scotland in 1688.
 The battle took place across the River Boyne near the town of Drogheda in the east of Ireland, and resulted in a victory for William.
 This turned the tide in James's failed attempt to regain the British crown and ultimately aided in ensuring the continued Protestant ascendancy in Ireland.
Boyne Valley is the valley of the River Boyne in Leinster, Ireland.
 Boyne Valley may also refer to:
Brú na Bóinne (] , "Palace of the Boyne" or "Mansion of the Boyne") is an area in County Meath, Ireland, located in a bend of the River Boyne.
 It contains one of the world's most important prehistoric landscapes dating from the Neolithic period, including the large Megalithic passage graves of Knowth, Newgrange and Dowth as well as some 90 additional monuments.
Boyne Mountain Resort is a ski resort with a collection of accommodations in Northern Michigan located near Boyne City operated by Boyne Resorts.
 The center piece is an upscale resort called The Mountain Grand Lodge and Spa.
 Boyne Mountain has continued use of the first chairlift built, originally constructed in Idaho in 1936 for use at a resort in Sun Valley, Idaho.
 It is also the location of Avalanche Bay, the largest indoor water park in Michigan.
 Boyne Mountain is the sister resort of Boyne Highlands.
Rossnaree (Irish: "Ros na Riogh" , meaning "wood of the kings" ) (Old Irish "Ros na Ríg") is a small village in County Meath, Ireland, on the south bank of the River Boyne, near the Brú na Bóinne complex of neolithic monuments on the north bank.
 It commands a ford that was used by the Williamites at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690.
 The walls of the mill at Rosnaree once contained a Sheela na Gig, although this has now been removed for safe keeping.
Navan ( ; Irish: "an Uaimh" ) is the county town of County Meath in Ireland.
 In 2016, the town and its environs had a population of 31,689; making it the 5th largest town, and 10th largest urban settlement, in Ireland.
 Navan is along the River Boyne and the confluence of the Blackwater and the Boyne is situated in Navan.
The Boyne Navigation (Irish: "Loingseoireachta na Bóinne" ) is a series of canals running 31 km (19 mi) roughly parallel to the River Boyne from Oldbridge to Navan in County Meath, in Ireland.
 The navigation was once used by horse-drawn boats travelling between Navan, Slane and the port of Drogheda; however is now derelict.
 The navigation is currently being restored voluntarily.
 The Boyne Navigation branch of the Inland Waterways Association of Ireland have an agreement with An Taisce giving it an exclusive license to carry out restoration work on the navigation to return it to a usable waterway.
The Hill of Tara (, "Teamhair" or "Teamhair na Rí"), located near the River Boyne, is an archaeological complex that runs between Navan and Dunshaughlin in County Meath, Ireland.
 It contains a number of ancient monuments and, according to tradition, was the seat of the High King of Ireland.
