Siège social (French, usually translated Head Office) is a concept in international law for determining the nationality of companies.
 It is essentially based on effective nationality as opposed to “paper nationality”.
 The paper nationality is where the company has been incorporated, but the effective nationality requires a genuine link to the corporate activity.
 It describes the nationality based on the location of the actual activity of the corporation through where the owners are or the actual business is done.
Parasite is the debut album by See You Next Tuesday.
 It was released on April 3, 2007 on the indie label Ferret.
 The artwork on this cover was done by Dutch artist Dennis Sibeijn, who has also done album cover artwork for Job for a Cowboy and Chimaira.
 All the song titles (excluding "Paraphilia" and both parts of "Pogonotrophy") are quotes from movies and television shows.
Through My Dog's Eyes is the fourth studio album by the Italian avant-garde metal band Ephel Duath.
 The album's concept was conceived by guitarist and founding member Davide Tiso, in which the whole album is from the viewpoint of a dog.
 The album's artwork is done by Seldon Hunt, who has done artwork for bands such as Sunn O))), Isis, Neurosis, and Earth.
 The recording and mixing was handled by Novembre's drummer Giuseppe Orlando.
"Crestfallen" is a track on The Smashing Pumpkins' 1998 album, "Adore".
 Originally scheduled as the third single from the album, the song was instead released as a promotional CD in the US.
 It received moderate play on modern rock stations but did not chart.
 The single's artwork is by Yelena Yemchuk.
Nelson Alexander "Alex" Ross ( ; born January 22, 1970) is an American comic book writer/artist known primarily for his painted interiors, covers, and design work.
 He first became known with the 1994 miniseries "Marvels", on which he collaborated with writer Kurt Busiek for Marvel Comics.
 He has since done a variety of projects for both Marvel and DC Comics, such as the 1996 miniseries "Kingdom Come", which Ross co-wrote.
 Since then he has done covers and character designs for Busiek's series "Astro City", and various projects for Dynamite Entertainment.
 His feature film work includes concept and narrative art for "Spider-Man" and "Spider-Man 2", and DVD packaging art for the M. Night Shyamalan film "Unbreakable".
 He has done covers for "TV Guide", promotional artwork for the Academy Awards, posters and packaging design for video games, and his renditions of superheroes have been merchandised as action figures.
The following is a list of characters from the series Kanokon.
 The characters appear in multi-media formats each done by a separate artist.
 The first format released was a light novel series where "Koin" provided the illustrations.
 The second format was a manga adaptation which was also released in North America, Rin Yamaki gave the characters a new look with her artwork.
 The third medium was in the form of a visual novel for PlayStation 2 with artwork done by 5pb.
.
 The final media format done was a Anime, and OVA series which was written by Masashi Suzuki.
 Kanokon follows the story of Kouta, a high school freshman who gets the attention of another student named Chizuru.
 She falls deeply in love with him, and soon he finds out that she is actually not a human but a fox spirit called a Kitsune.
 As the story progresses, a rival named Nozumu comes along intending in making Kouta hers.
 It is not long before Kouta realizes that his school, and classmates hide numerous secrets.
 Some characters support his developing relationship with Chizuru while others want to destroy it, and the school he attends.
A Gift From a Flower to a Garden is the fifth album from British singer-songwriter Donovan, and marks the first double album of his career and one of the first box sets in rock music.
 It was released in the US in December 1967 (Epic Records L2N 6071 (monaural) / B2N 171 (stereo)) and in the UK on 16 April 1968 (Pye Records NPL 20000 (monaural) / NSPL 20000 (stereo)).
 In December 1967, Epic Records also released each of the two records from "A Gift From a Flower to a Garden" as separate albums in the US.
 The first record was released as "Wear Your Love Like Heaven", and the second record was released as "For Little Ones".
 This was done to allow budgeting for the double album package, which included a folder of the printed lyrics to the second disc with artwork, and a cover featuring an infrared photo of Donovan by Karl Ferris who was his and Jimi Hendrix's personal photographer (requiring six colour separations for printing, instead of the usual four separations).
Sangeet Verma (born 1971) is an Indian photographer and photojournalist.
 Sangeet Verma started as a writer and later became a photographer and a film maker.
 He has written regularly for "The Organiser Weekly", a New Delhi publication.
 He is a freelance photographer, and works on nationalist issues.
 Specialist in heritage, history, ancient architecture, wild life and nature, Sangeet has created many success stories including the reintroduction of Raja Bhoj in Indian history and the reidentification of Bhopal as Bhojpal, the city of Raja Bhoj.
 http://epaper.bhaskar.com/bhopal/120/25052015/mpcg/4/ An expert on traditional knowledge systems in India, He has also done extensive work among the tribals in the region, and his monumental work 'Heritage Satpura' is a pioneer in discovering one of the oldest civilizations in the world.
Moroccan nationality law is the subject of the Moroccan Dahir (decree) of September 6, 1958, official Bulletin Number 2394.
 In general, Moroccan nationality is transmitted by filiation (father and mother) or birth in Morocco.
 However, it gives the right to Moroccan males to transmit citizenship to their children and foreign wives, and since the last update, that is possible for women.
 The aim of the update was to follow Morocco's recent human rights reforms, most notably the Moroccan family code called, "Mudawana", which aimed to fight gender inequality.
 It has been done after much debate in the media.
Added Art uses an existing piece of artwork for its canvas, just as traditional graffiti uses the wall of a building for the canvas.
 It is essentially the graffiti of artwork.
 Added Art is a merging of high and low art, using the concepts of graffiti, in a high art environment.
 Adding to someone else’s work has been a very common occurrence in graffiti for decades.
 In the urban environment, it is typically considered aggressive or antagonistic in nature, but also form of competition.
 However, it is still considered a taboo in the more established high arts, even though it has been practiced for over fifty years by stalwarts such as Rauschenberg in his "Erased de Kooning Drawing".
 In more recent examples, Banksy has done several added art pieces over Damien Hirst's "spot" painting, and Mat Benote used an untitled work by Robert Morris at the MoMA in NYC as a canvas.
 A very interesting example was done by the Chapman Brothers, who painted over sketches originally created by Adolf Hitler.
