Shore Regional High School, established in 1962, is a regional public high school and school district serving students from four communities in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
 The high school serves students from the constituent municipalities of Monmouth Beach, Oceanport, Sea Bright and West Long Branch, where the school is located.
 Students from Interlaken attend public school in the West Long Branch Public Schools for K-8 and Shore Regional High School for grades 9-12, as part of sending/receiving relationships with the districts in which students attend on a tuition basis, having ended a longstanding relationship with the Asbury Park Public Schools.
Kearsarge Regional High School is a high school located in North Sutton, New Hampshire, serving the Kearsarge Regional School District.
 Kearsarge Regional High School serves students from the towns of Sutton, New London, Wilmot, Newbury, Springfield, Warner and Bradford.
Hampshire High School is a public school in Romney, West Virginia that serves grades 9 through 12 and is a part of Hampshire County Schools under the auspices of the Hampshire County Board of Education.
 It is the only high school in Hampshire County.
 Hampshire High School is located on Trojan Way (West Virginia Secondary Route 50/47) off of the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) near Romney.
 The school currently has approximately 1,200 students enrolled, with that number continuing to grow as Hampshire County is listed among the fastest growing school systems in the state.
 It also employs approximately 120 faculty members.
 Hampshire High School's current principal is DiAnna Liller.
Timberlane Regional High School is located in Plaistow, New Hampshire, and serves as a regional high school for the towns of Atkinson, Danville, Plaistow, and Sandown, New Hampshire.
 The school was built in 1966 and is a part of the Timberlane Regional School District.
 Timberlane Regional High School is a co-educational school for grades 9-12.
 The school has won the 1996, 1997 and 2014 Excellence In Education Award.
 As of 2005, the school has approximately 1,400 students on roll.
 The school mascot is the owl.
 The school is regionally accredited for its award-winning wrestling team, which holds 23 NH State Wrestling Champions titles, as of 2015.
Northern Valley Regional High School at Demarest is a comprehensive four-year public high school serving students from several municipalities in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
 The high school serves students from the suburban communities of Closter, Demarest and Haworth.
 The school is one of two high schools that are part of the Northern Valley Regional High School District, the other being Northern Valley Regional High School at Old Tappan, which serves students Harrington Park, Northvale, Norwood and Old Tappan, along with students from Rockleigh, who attend as part of a sending/receiving relationship.
Seneca High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Burlington County, New Jersey that operates as part of the Lenape Regional High School District.
 The district serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Evesham Township, Medford Lakes, Medford Township, Mount Laurel Township, Shamong Township, Southampton Township, Tabernacle Township and Woodland Township.
 Seneca High School serves students from four of the communities: Shamong Township, Southampton Township, Tabernacle Township and Woodland Township.
 Seneca is the newest of the Lenape Regional High School District's four high schools.
 The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 2008.
Manalapan High School is a comprehensive four-year public high school located in Manalapan Township, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Freehold Regional High School District.
 The school serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from all of Englishtown and portions of Manalapan.
 The Freehold Regional High School District also serves students from Colts Neck Township, Farmingdale, Freehold Borough, Freehold Township, Howell Township and Marlboro Township.
 The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1975.
Weare School District is the school district serving Weare, New Hampshire, United States.
 It is part of School Administrative Unit 24.
 The two schools in the district are Center Woods Elementary School and Weare Middle School.
 High school students go to John Stark Regional High School, part of its own multi-town school district within SAU 24.
John Stark Regional High School is a coeducational regional public high school in Weare, New Hampshire serving the communities of Weare and Henniker, New Hampshire.
 It is part of School Administrative Unit (SAU) 24, and is administered by the John Stark School District.
 John Stark Regional is named after General John Stark, who served in the American Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.
Pascack Valley High School (PVHS) is a four-year comprehensive regional public high school located in Hillsdale in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as one of two secondary schools in the Pascack Valley Regional High School District.
 Pascack Valley High School serves the residents of both Hillsdale and neighboring River Vale, while its counterpart Pascack Hills High School serves the communities of Woodcliff Lake and Montvale.
 As part of its 1:1 eLearning Initiative, the school has provided a laptop to every student, teacher, and administrator for educational use.
