The Berklee Performance Center is a 1,215-seat theatre located on Massachusetts Ave. in the Back Bay area of Boston, Massachusetts.
 It is the largest theatre space on the Berklee College of Music campus and is used primarily for college-affiliated activities.
 Presenters from outside the Berklee community also rent it for performances of all kinds.
 In 2009, the Berklee Performance Center hosted a total of 200 events.
Shirish Korde (born June 18, 1945), is a composer who was born in Uganda to Indian parents.
 He is the Chair of the Music Department at the College of the Holy Cross (Worcester, MA) and has previously been on the faculty of the Berklee College of Music, the New England Conservatory, and Brown University.
 Korde studied jazz and composition at the Berklee College of Music, analysis and composition at the New England Conservatory, and ethnomusicology at Brown University.
Jonny Browning is an American instrumental surf musician, primarily known as touring guitarist Victor Vector for the band Man or Astro-Man?
 Prior to his performing in the band, he also played the part of Chromo-Crunch in Man or Astro-Man?
: Clone Project Alpha in 1997-1998.
 He has played guitar and written songs for Sound of Humans (also featuring Birdstuff of Man or Astro-Man?
), Jonny and the Shamen, and The Man Made Brain.
 He currently plays guitar and writes for Canadian instrumental surf band The Other Timelines.
 Jonny has played in bands or recorded with members of many other bands, including: St. Vincent, The Polyphonic Spree, Drive-By Truckers, And You Will Know Us By The Trail Of Dead, Verbena, and Servotron.
 He was born and raised in Alabama and has resided in Vancouver, BC since 2009.
Anne Erin "Annie" Clark (born September 28, 1982), better known by her stage name St. Vincent, is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.
 After studying at Berklee College of Music for three years, she began her music career as a member of the Polyphonic Spree.
 Clark was also a member of Sufjan Stevens's touring band before forming her own band in 2006.
In music performance and education, the Berklee method is the music theory, terminology, and practice taught at Berklee College of Music, the largest independent college of contemporary music in the world.
 The "Berklee method" was founded by Lawrence Berk after study with Joseph Schillinger regarding the latter's, "elaborate system of composition that employed mathematical permutation and combination process to generate rhythms, harmonies, and melodies".
 Later, attempting to codify jazz and popular music practice, the Berklee method often differs from common practice harmony and voice-leading rules or guidelines.
Wang Leehom (born May 17, 1976), sometimes credited as Leehom Wang, is a Chinese-American singer-songwriter, record producer, actor and film director.
 He is currently based in Taiwan.
 Formally trained at the Eastman School of Music, Williams College and Berklee College of Music, his musical style is known for fusing Chinese elements (such as Beijing opera, traditional styles of ethnic minorities, Chinese classical orchestra) with hip-hop and R&B.
 Wang debuted in 1995 and since then has released over 25 albums, with sales of over 50 million copies.
 He is also a four-time winner and 19-time nominee of Taiwan's Golden Melody Awards, the "Grammys" of Chinese music.
 His sold-out concert at the 90,000 seat Beijing Bird's Nest on April 14, 2012 was the first solo pop concert to be held at the iconic venue.
 He holds honorary doctoral degrees from both Williams College and Berklee.
 With over 60 million followers on social media, he is one of the most followed celebrities in China (peaked as #1 most followed person in China's social media in 2014).
Berklee College of Music, located in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, is the largest independent college of contemporary music in the world.
 Known for the study of jazz and modern American music, it also offers college-level courses in a wide range of contemporary and historic styles, including rock, flamenco, hip hop, reggae, salsa, and bluegrass.
 Since 2012, Berklee College of Music has also operated a campus in Valencia, Spain.
Lee Eliot Berk (born 1942) was President and namesake of the Berklee College of Music (founded as Schillinger House in 1945 by his father, Lawrence Berk, who renamed the school after Lee in 1954) from 1979 to 2004.
 Under the younger Berk’s leadership, the college underwent significant changes.
 Berklee expanded its curriculum to create new majors, including Film Scoring, Music Production and Engineering, Music Synthesis, Songwriting, Music Business/Management, and Music Therapy.
 Educational applications of music technology expanded, the college administration was reorganized, more student services were added, and non-music academic offerings increased.
 In 1992, he established the Berklee International Network that includes music schools with a shared mission around the globe.
Matt Hyde (born June 19, 1964) is an American producer, engineer, mixer and musician.
 From 1982 to 1985 he attended Berklee College of Music in Boston.
 While still at Berklee (1984) he obtained an internship at Pyramid Recording Studio in Boston.
 After two semesters at Berklee, Hyde took a break from classes to tour for the Department of Defense overseas entertainment program, playing guitar and keyboards in several top 40 cover bands that played shows at U.S. military bases in foreign countries throughout Europe and the Pacific.
 When he returned to the U.S., he began working at recording studios, first in Boston and from 1989 in Los Angeles.
Jared Faber (also known as J-Radical) is an American musician, composer, producer and multi-instrumentalist.
 He grew up in New York City where he attended High School of Performing Arts, and later continued his music education at Berklee College of Music, studying jazz arranging and composition.
