K. Kessel FC is a Belgian association football club team, which is based in Kessel.
 The club is playing in the lower Belgian football leagues.
 The club's teamcolours are yellow and blue.
 The homeshirt of the season 2007/2008
The Kerry Senior Football Championship is a Gaelic football competition in Ireland.
 It is confined to the strongest football clubs in Kerry together with combination teams from regional divisions in the county.
 It was first competed for in 1887.
 The winners get the Bishop Moynihan Cup, if they are a club team, qualify to take part in the Munster Senior Club Football Championship.
 The winners of this competition take part in the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship.
 Until recently, if the winners are a divisional side the best placed club side played in Munster as amalgamated clubs can not compete in the Munster Championship.
 Presently if the winners are a divisional side the winners of the Kerry Senior Football Club Championship represent Kerry in Munster.
 The current (2016) holders are Dr. Crokes.
Pontllanfraith Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club team based in Pontllanfraith.
 The club successfully gained membership to the Welsh Rugby Union in 1998.
 Today, Pontllanfraith RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Harry Alfred Evans (17 April 1919 – 22 December 1962) was an English footballer and manager who played as a forward.
 Born in Lambeth, Evans began his professional career with Woking, and later played for a number of Football League clubs including Southampton and Exeter City.
 He retired from professional football in 1950, after which he worked in various managerial positions at Aldershot and Tottenham Hotspur.
Jack Trengove (born 2 September 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 A midfielder, 1.85 m tall and weighing 88 kg , Trengove is capable of contributing as both an inside and outside midfielder.
 After growing up in Naracoorte, South Australia, he moved to Adelaide to attend Prince Alfred College and played in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) with the Sturt Football Club, where he played in the 2009 SANFL Grand Final.
 He represented South Australia in the 2009 AFL Under 18 Championships, where he captained the side, received All-Australian honours and won the state most valuable player.
 His achievements as a junior saw him considered as the potential number one draft pick in the 2009 AFL draft alongside Tom Scully, he was ultimately recruited by the Melbourne Football Club with the second selection in the draft.
Ivor Warne-Smith (29 October 1897 – 4 March 1960), was an Australian footballer, who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League and for the Latrobe Football Club in the North-Western Football Union in Tasmania.
 During his time with Melbourne he won dual Brownlow Medals, played in their 1926 premiership side, was captain-coach of the club and represented Victoria on numerous occasions.
 Warne-Smith remained heavily involved with the club for the remainder of his life and was named in the Melbourne Football Club Team of the Century and was also named in the Tasmanian Team of the Century.
 During his life Warne-Smith also fought in both World War I and World War II.
Ramón Unzaga Asla (1894 – 31 August 1923) was a Chilean citizen football player.
 He was born in Bilbao, Spain.
 Unzaga emigrated to Talcahuano, Chile, in 1906 at 12 years of age, with his parents.
 In 1912 the eighteen-year-old Unzaga impressed the Talcahuano sports delegation with his football ability, so they signed him to the football club.
 He began his career and adopted the Chilean nationality.
 Unzaga is attributed as the first person to create the bicycle kick, devising the move playing for his club team in 1914 in "El Morro" stadium of Talcahuano.
 The kick is labeled the "chorera" in honor of the team he played for that was called the "escuela chorera" (chorera school) at the time.
 In the Copa America of 1916 and 1920 playing for the Chilean national team, Unzaga repeated the kick on various occasions in which the Argentine press labels the kick as "la chilena".
Royston Macauley "Mac" Evans (13 January 1884 – 12 March 1977) was an Australian sportsman.
 He played both cricket and soccer for Western Australia.
 As a cricketer, Evans played 11 first-class matches for the Western Australian state team between 1907 and 1924.
 Playing as an all-rounder, Evans made 270 runs at an average of 15.00, and took one wicket, at an average of 214.00.
 He captained the side against the MCC in October 1924.
 He also played cricket for the North Perth Cricket Club in the WACA District competition.
Jack Alfred Evans (born 11 October 1930) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
New Tredegar Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club team based in New Tredegar.
 Today, New Tredegar RFC plays in the Welsh Rugby Union, Division Four East League and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
 At present the club runs two senior sides and a youth side.
