Sook-ja "Sue" Kim (born 1941) is a Korean-born U.S. singer.
 She started singing with her sisters in a group called The Kim Sisters at the age of 10 and played 13 different instruments.
 In 1950, the Korean War broke out and Sue Kim's father, Kim Hae-song, who was a famous Korean symphony orchestra conductor was captured by the North Korean army and later assassinated.
 Her mother, Lee Nan-young, was left with no home, no food and no money for her and her seven children.
 Lee was a famous Korean singer who rose to stardom with the song "Mokpo Tears."
 In 1953, Lee asked the children to perform with her in South Korea's military clubs to support their family.
 The GIs donated rock and roll records for the sisters to memorize and sing, and in turn the sisters received chocolate bars and alcohol, which they exchanged for food.
 The GIs that returned to the States spread the word about the talented trio and in 1958, Tom Ball (who later became The Kim Sisters’ manager) heard about the sisters from one of the returning GIs and went to Korea to recruit them for an Asian act that he was producing.
Pallaso Mayanja known by the mononym Pallaso is a Ugandan musician, who was born in late 1980s, he sings Afro beat, Hiphop, Dancehall, Afro pop, RnB and sometimes Kidandali.
 He sings in Luganda, mixes with English and sometimes Kiswahili.
 His birth name is Pius Mayanja.
 He started singing in Chameleone's group (his brother) by then he was calling himself Pius Lizard.
 He later went to United States where he spent almost 10 years and in 2014 he came back to Uganda and started a music career in his country under his music group
The Wyoming Valley is an historic, industrialized region of Northeastern Pennsylvania once famous for fueling the industrial revolution in the United States with its many anthracite coal mines.
 As a metropolitan area, it is known as the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton area, the 97th-largest metropolitan area in the United States and the 4th largest in Pennsylvania.
 It is called the "Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Metropolitan Area" after its principal cities, Scranton and Wilkes-Barre, and makes up its own unique physiographic province, the Anthracite Valley in the geology of Pennsylvania.
 Greater Pittston makes up the center of the valley.
 Scranton is the most populated city in the metropolitan area with a population of 77,114.
 The city of Scranton has grown in population after the 2015 mid term census while Wilkes-Barre has declined in population.
 Wilkes-Barre is still the second most populated city in the metropolitan area and Hazleton is third.
 The airport(s) for this area are Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport (Avoca) and the Wilkes-Barre Wyoming Valley Airport (Forty Fort).
Alfio (born Alfio Bonanno, 24 October 1976) is an Australian-Italian tenor, songwriter, musician, and composer.
 He began singing at a very early age and started singing professionally at the age of 17, concentrating on recorded music and concerts so far.
 Alfio has performed in Australia, the United States, Europe, and Asia.
Union County is a county in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
 As of the 2016 Census estimate, the county's population was 555,630, making it the seventh-most populous of the state's 21 counties, an increase of 3.6% from the 2010 United States Census, when its population was enumerated at 536,499, in turn an increase of 13,958 (2.7%) from the 522,541 enumerated in the 2000 Census.
 In 2010, Union County slipped to the seventh-most populous county in the state, having been surpassed by Ocean County.
 Union County is part of the New York metropolitan area.
 Its county seat is Elizabeth.
 The Bureau of Economic Analysis ranked the county as having the 119th-highest per capita income of all 3,113 counties in the United States (and the eighth-highest in New Jersey) in 2009.
 A study by Forbes.com determined that Union County pays the second-highest property taxes of all U.S. counties, based on 2007 data.
 With a population density of 4,955 people per square mile (water excluded), Union County was the 15th-most densely populated county in America as of the 2010 Census, and third-densest in New Jersey, behind Hudson County (ranked 6th nationwide at 9,754 per square mile) and Essex County (ranked 11th at 6,126).
Bitri started singing at the age of sixteen, and she became popular in Albania with her song "First Love".
 She emigrated to the United States in 1996.
 At the time of her death, she was in the process of recording two albums, one in Albanian and one in English.
Kyle John Echarri (born June 20, 2003) is a Filipino-American singer, recording artist, and actor.
 He was born in Orange County, California and started singing at the age of two.
 His family moved to Cebu City, Philippines in June 2014.
 Echarri rose to prominence and made his first television appearance at the age of eleven when he joined season 2 of "The Voice Kids", where he landed Top 6 under Sarah Geronimo's Team Just six seconds after he started singing One Direction's "Night Changes" during the blind auditions, Coaches Bamboo and Sarah already turned for the then 11-year-old Cebuano footballer eventually choosing to be part of Team Sarah.
 A commemorative album was then released by MCA Music featuring Kyle Echarri's performances tracks "Got To Believe In Magic" and "Hero".
Peoria ( , ) is a city in and the county seat of Peoria County, Illinois, United States, and the largest city on the Illinois River.
 Established in 1691 by the French explorer Henri de Tonti, Peoria is the oldest European settlement in Illinois, and is named after the Peoria tribe.
 As of the 2010 census, the city was the seventh-most populated in Illinois (and the third largest outside of the Chicago metropolitan area), with a population of 115,007.
 The Peoria Metropolitan Statistical Area had a population of 373,590 in 2011.
Belleville (French: "Belle ville", meaning "Beautiful city") is a city in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States, coterminous with the now defunct Belleville Township.
 The population was 42,034 according to the Census Bureau's 2015 estimates.
 It is the eighth-most populated city outside the Chicago Metropolitan Area and the most populated city south of Springfield in the state of Illinois.
 It is the county seat of St. Clair County, and the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Belleville and the National Shrine of Our Lady of the Snows.
 Belleville is the most populated city in the Metro-East region of the St. Louis Metropolitan Area and in Southern Illinois.
 Due to its proximity to Scott Air Force Base, the population receives a boost from military and federal civilian personnel, defense contractors, and military retirees.
Las Vegas ( , Spanish for "The Meadows"), officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas, is the 28th-most populated city in the United States, the most populated city in the state of Nevada, and the county seat of Clark County.
 The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert.
 Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city, known primarily for its gambling, shopping, fine dining, entertainment, and nightlife.
 The Las Vegas Valley as a whole serves as the leading financial, commercial, and cultural center for Nevada.
