Hokl/EB Films is an American motion picture production company.
 They have previously produced the award-winning motion picture "Chicago Stories" and were a subcontractor on the film "Color of Money".
 They are currently in pre-production on the motion picture "Never Split Tens" which stars Polly Draper and Michael Wolfe.
The Tic Code (also known as Lessons in the Tic Code) is a drama film directed by Gary Winick and written by Polly Draper.
 It tells of a single mother, the relationship she forms with a jazz musician who has Tourette syndrome, and her young son—a jazz piano prodigy—also with the disorder.
 The musician and the boy form a friendship, and the film is loosely based upon the experiences of Draper's jazz musician husband Michael Wolff, who provided the film's score.
 Draper, known for her role in "Thirtysomething", portrays the mother; Gregory Hines plays the musician; and Christopher George Marquette stars as the young boy.
Supertastic 6 is the fifth episode of the third season on the part documentary and part rock-mockumentary musical comedy series "The Naked Brothers Band", which was created by Polly Draper.
 "Supetastic 6" is an animated special.
A Perfect Fit is a 2005 American thriller starring Adrian Grenier, Leila Arcieri, Polly Draper, Victoria Rowell and written and directed by Ron Brown.
 The film is distributed by Warner Bros. and Polychrome Pictures.
Christmas Special is the sixth episode and the first holiday special on the part documentary and part rock-mockumentary musical comedy series "The Naked Brothers Band," which was created by Polly Draper.
 The premise of "Christmas Special" is that Nat has the holiday blues since Rosalina's letters from abroad have a steadily decreasing number of X's and O's.
 He has to find his spirit back in time before a benefit that is hosted by Whoopi Goldberg.
Nathaniel Marvin "Nat" Wolff (born December 17, 1994) is an American actor, singer-songwriter, and musician.
 Wolff gained recognition for composing the music for "The Naked Brothers Band" (2007–09), a Nickelodeon television series he starred in with his younger brother Alex that was created by their actress mother Polly Draper.
 Wolff's jazz pianist father Michael Wolff co-produced the series' soundtrack albums, "The Naked Brothers Band" (2007) and "I Don't Want to Go to School" (2008); the former of which ranked the 23rd spot on the "Billboard" 200 charts.
"The Naked Brothers Band" is an American musical comedy television series created by Polly Draper for Nickelodeon.
 The show depicts the daily lives of Draper's sons, who lead a fictional world-renowned rock band in New York City.
 As a mockumentary, the storyline is an embellishment of their real lives, and the fictional presence of a camera is often acknowledged.
 It stars Nat Wolff and Alex Wolff, the lead singer-songwriter, and drummer, respectively.
 Nat's fictional female admirer and real life preschool friends—including the guitarist who had no prior acquaintance with the family—feature as the other band members, with the siblings' father and Draper's husband as their accordion-playing dad and Draper's niece as the group's babysitter.
The Naked Brothers Band is an American musical comedy television series created by Polly Draper for Nickelodeon.
 The show depicts the daily lives of Draper's sons, who lead a fictional world-renowned rock band in New York City.
 As a mockumentary, the storyline is an embellishment of their real lives, and the fictional presence of a camera is often acknowledged.
 It stars Nat Wolff and Alex Wolff, the lead singer-songwriter, and drummer, respectively.
 Nat's fictional female admirer and real life friends—including the guitarist who had no prior acquaintance with the family—feature as the other band members, with the siblings' father and Draper's husband as their inept accordion-playing dad, and Draper's niece as the group's babysitter.
Alexander "Alex" Draper Wolff (born November 1, 1997) is an American actor, musician, and composer.
 He first gained recognition for starring alongside his older brother Nat in the Nickelodeon musical comedy television series "The Naked Brothers Band" (2007–09), which was created by the boys' mother Polly Draper.
 Wolff and his brother released two soundtrack albums for the series, "The Naked Brothers Band" and "I Don't Want to Go to School", which were co-produced by their father Michael Wolff.
Nat and Alex Wolff are an American pop music duo from New York, New York, consisting of brothers Nat and Alex Wolff.
 The siblings are known for their work on the Nickelodeon television series "The Naked Brothers Band", which was created and produced by their mother, actress Polly Draper.
 It was adapted from the mockumentary film that Draper wrote and directed.
 The duo's initial teen pop boy band called "The Naked Brothers Band" was depicted as part of its participation in their Nickelodeon series that aired from 2007 to 2009.
 They have released four full-length albums and have been nominated for several awards.
