Idylease ( "idle-ease"), a former resort hotel located in Newfoundland, New Jersey, was erected in 1902 and is an architecturally and historically significant example of early 20th century resort architecture in Northwest, New Jersey.
 The only surviving example of resort facilities in the region, it recalls the popularity of the region as the vacationland for the middle class in the late nineteenth century.
 The Inn was built for a group of 11 investors calling themselves The Newfoundland Health Association headed by Dr Edgar Day from Brooklyn, NY.
 Idylease is situated on the summit of an 1000 ft -hill in the foothills of the Ramapo Mountains and is located 30 miles northwest from New York City.
The Glen Iris Inn, William Pryor Letchworth's former home, is located on the top of a cliff overlooking Middle Falls in Letchworth State Park, New York State, USA.
 William Letchworth found the day-to-day operations of business burdensome and so sought refuge from the business world and decided to build a home; he settled on the location while as a tourist gazing at the view in what the Seneca Indians called the Sehgahunda Valley through which the Genesee River flowed.
 In 1859 he purchased his first tract of land near Portage Falls.
Bridgeport is a seaport city in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
 It is the largest city in the state and is located in Fairfield County at the mouth of the Pequonnock River on Long Island Sound.
 Bridgeport had a population of 144,229 during the 2010 Census, making it also the 5th-most populous in New England.
 It is bordered by the towns of Trumbull to the north, Fairfield to the west, and Stratford to the east.
 The Greater Bridgeport area is the 48th-largest urban area in the United States.
 Located 60 miles from Manhattan and 40 miles from the Bronx, Bridgeport is also part of the New York metropolitan area.
Cottekill is a small hamlet in the northwest part of the Town of Rosendale, Ulster county, New York in the United States.
 Located in the Rondout Valley, it is approximately 2.25 miles east of the hamlet of Stone Ridge, 2.5 miles northwest of Rosendale Village, 8.75 miles south of the city of Kingston and 10.9 miles north of the village of New Paltz.
 As of 2014, the population was listed at 451.
 It features a Post Office (12419) and its own fire department.
 The Brookside School, a private school for children with developmental disabilities is located here as well as the Sustainable Living Resource Center, a project of Sustainable Hudson Valley.
 SUNY Ulster, a Community College, is nearby in Stone Ridge.
 There is also the Marbletown-Rosendale Rail Trail, curving along the old New York, Ontario and Western Railway tracks, paralleling Lucas Avenue.
 It starts at Leggett Road, crosses the Cottekill Creek on a wooden footbridge and travels north to Cottekill Road, past the Cottekill Fire House.
 It continues north from the firehouse, along the O & W path, crosses Marcott Road and comes out on Route 209.
Newburgh Bay is in the Hudson River approximately 60 miles (105 km) north of New York City, just upriver from the Hudson Highlands.
 It takes its name from Newburgh, for many years the major port on this section of the river.
Montgomery is a village located in Orange County, New York, United States, 60 (97 km) miles northwest of New York City, and 90 miles (140 km) southwest of Albany.
 The population was 3,814 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport, NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area.
 The village is named after General Richard Montgomery, an officer of the American Revolution.
The William Floyd School District is located in the southern area of the Town of Brookhaven on Long Island in New York.
 The district serves the contiguous communities of Shirley, Mastic, Mastic Beach and Moriches.
 The William Floyd School District is one of the larger school districts on Long Island and is named after William Floyd, one of only 56 men to sign the Declaration of Independence.
 The district is located on the south shore of Long Island, approximately 60 miles east of New York City, with an enrollment of 8,653 students as of 2016.
 William Floyd students attend five elementary schools, two middle schools, and a senior high school.
Rockland County is the southernmost county on the west side of the Hudson River in the U.S. state of New York, part of the New York–Newark–Jersey City, NY–NJ–PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The county's population, as of the 2010 census, was 311,687, increasing by 4.8% to a 2016 Census estimate of 326,780, making it the third most densely populated county outside of New York City within New York State (after Nassau and neighboring Westchester counties, respectively).
 The county seat is New City.
 Although Rockland County does not directly border any New York City boroughs, it lies only 9 miles northwest of the city at their closest points, and is accessible via the New York State Thruway, after 10 exits.
 The name derives from "rocky land", as the area was described by early Dutch and English settlers.
Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory located in Upton, New York, on Long Island, and was formally established in 1947 at the site of Camp Upton, a former U.S. Army base.
 Its name stems from its location within the Town of Brookhaven, approximately 60 miles east of New York City.
The Glenmere mansion, overlooking Glenmere Lake, approximately 50 miles northwest of New York City in Orange County, New York, was built by New York City real estate developer Robert Wilson Goelet (not to be confused with his first cousin Robert Walton Goelet) in 1911, on the grounds of his sprawling estate in Sugar Loaf, a hamlet of the town of Chester, New York.
