Pulitzer Prizes were first presented in 1917.
 There were initially four categories; others that had been specified in Joseph Pulitzer's request were phased in over the next few years.
 The winners were selected by the trustees of Columbia University.
 The first Pulitzer Prize winner, French Ambassador Jean Jules Jusserand, who had written the best book about American history, won $2,000.
 Herbert Bayard Swope won a $1,000 prize for reporting.
Frank Irving Cobb (August 6, 1869 – December 21, 1923) was an American journalist, primarily an editorial writer from 1896 to his death.
 In 1904 he succeeded Joseph Pulitzer as editor of Pulitzer's newspaper "The World" of New York.
 He became famous for his editorials in support of the policies of liberal Democrats, especially Woodrow Wilson, during the Progressive Era.
Joseph Pulitzer III (May 13, 1913 – May 26, 1993) grandson of the famous newsman Joseph Pulitzer, was himself publisher of the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" for 38 years and one of the most famous newsmen of the day.
 For 31 years he chaired the board which was responsible for awarding the Pulitzer Prize, and from 1955 -1993 he was chairman of the Pulitzer Publishing Company.
Irvin Shrewsbury Cobb (June 23, 1876 – March 11, 1944) was an American author, humorist, editor and columnist from Paducah, Kentucky who relocated to New York in 1904, living there for the remainder of his life.
 He wrote for the "New York World", Joseph Pulitzer's newspaper, as the highest paid staff reporter in the United States.
Leipoldt was born in Worcester in the Cape Province, the son of a preacher, Christian Friedrich Leipoldt, of the NG Kerk in Clanwilliam and grandson of the Rhenish missionary, Johann Gottlieb Leipoldt, who founded Wupperthal in the Cederberg.
 His mother was Anna Meta Christiana Esselen, daughter of Louis Franz Esselen (1817–1893), another Rhenish missionary at Worcester.
 His early education was largely at home and for a while, during the Second Boer War, he was a reporter.
 Between 1902 and 1907, with funding from the botanist Harry Bolus, he read medicine at Guy's Hospital in London and travelled in Europe, America and the East Indies.
 At times his health was poor.
 For a period of some six months during 1908, he was the personal physician of the American newspaper magnate, Joseph Pulitzer, aboard Pulitzer's yacht.
The newsboys' strike of 1899 was a U.S. youth-led campaign to force change in the way that Joseph Pulitzer and William Randolph Hearst's newspapers compensated their child labor force of newspaper hawkers.
 The strike lasted two weeks, causing Pulitzer's "New York World" to reduce its circulation from 360,000 to 125,000.
 The strike was successful in increasing the amount of money that newsboys received for their work.
Pulitzer Fountain is an outdoor fountain located in Manhattan's Grand Army Plaza in New York.
 The fountain is named after newspaper publisher Joseph Pulitzer who died in 1911 having bequeathed $50,000 for the creation of the fountain.
 Pulitzer intended his fountain to be "like those in the Place de la Concorde, Paris, France."
 The fountain was designed by the architect Thomas Hastings, and crowned by a statue conceived by the sculptor Karl Bitter.
 The fountain was dedicated in May 1916.
The Pulitzer Prize for Music is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music.
 It was first awarded in 1943.
 Joseph Pulitzer did not call for such a prize in his will, but had arranged for a music scholarship to be awarded each year.
 This was eventually converted into a full-fledged prize: "For a distinguished musical composition of significant dimension by an American that has had its first performance in the United States during the year."
 Because of the requirement that the composition had its world premiere during the year of its award, the winning work had rarely been recorded and sometimes had received only one performance.
 In 2004 the terms were modified to read: "For a distinguished musical composition by an American that has had its first performance or recording in the United States during the year."
Albert Pulitzer (July 10, 1851 – October 3, 1909) was the younger brother of newspaper publisher Joseph Pulitzer.
 Pulitzer founded the "New York Morning Journal" in 1882, which he sold to John R. McLean, who soon after transferred the paper to William Randolph Hearst in 1895.
 He also founded "Das Morgen Journal", a German-language version of the "Journal", which Hearst also acquired in 1895.
Pulitzer Inc. owned newspapers, television stations and radio stations across the United States.
 Founded by Joseph Pulitzer (who also funded the Pulitzer Prizes, which are not affiliated with the company), its papers included the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch," the "Arizona Daily Star" (Tucson), and Chicago's "Daily Southtown" and Lerner Newspapers chain.
