Rosa Parks Transit Station is an intermodal transit station in Downtown Jacksonville, Florida.
 It is operated by the Jacksonville Transportation Authority and serves as Jacksonville's main city bus station as well as a station for the Jacksonville Skyway elevated people mover and the First Coast Flyer bus rapid transit system.
 It is located on Hogan Street between State Street and Union Street, and is the Skyway's northern terminus.
 It is across the street from the Downtown campus of Florida State College at Jacksonville.
The Greater Miami area, composed of the three counties of Miami-Dade, Broward, and Palm Beach, also known collectively as South Florida, is home to a wide variety of public and private transportation systems.
 These include heavy rail mass transit (Metrorail), commuter rail (Tri-Rail), automated guideway transit (Metromover), highways, two major airports (Miami International Airport (MIA) and Fort Lauderdale – Hollywood International Airport (FLL)) and seaports (Port of Miami and Port Everglades), as well as three county-wide bus networks (Miami-Dade Metrobus, Broward County Transit (BCT), and Palm Tran), which cover the entire urbanized area of South Florida.
 Census and ridership data show that Miami has the highest public transportation usage of any city in Florida, as about 17% of Miamians use public transportation on a regular basis, compared to about 4% of commuters in the South Florida metropolitan area.
 The majority of public transportation in Miami is operated by Miami-Dade Transit (MDT), which is currently the largest transit system in Florida and was the 14th largest transit system in the United States in 2011.
The Jacksonville Skyway is a people mover in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
 It is an automated monorail train operated by the Jacksonville Transportation Authority (JTA).
 Opening in 1989 with three stations in Downtown Jacksonville, the Skyway was extended in 1996 following a conversion from its original technology to Bombardier Transportation equipment.
 It was expanded again in 1998 and 2000.
 The system currently comprises two routes across 2.5 mi of track, serving eight stations, and crosses the St. Johns River on the Acosta Bridge.
 There is currently no fare to ride the Skyway, which had 1.2 million passengers in 2014.
Imeson Field, also known as Jacksonville Imeson Airport, was the airport serving Jacksonville, Florida, from 1927 until its closing in 1968.
 It was known as Jacksonville Municipal Airport prior to World War II, Jacksonville Army Airfield when the United States Army Air Forces controlled the facility during World War II, and at its closing the airport was Jacksonville - Thomas Cole Imeson Municipal Airport.
UF Health Jacksonville is a teaching hospital and medical system of the University of Florida in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
 Part of the larger University of Florida Health system, it includes the UF Health Jacksonville hospital, associated clinics, and is the Jacksonville campus of UF's Health Science Center.
 Together with UF Health Shands Hospital, UF Health Jacksonville (formerly Shands Jacksonville) is one of two academic hospitals in the UF Health system, and serves 19 counties in Florida and several in Georgia.
The Jacksonville Terminal Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. State of Florida.
 The S-Line runs from Jacksonville, Florida to Baldwin, Florida for a total of 17.8 miles.
 At its north end it continues south from the Nahunta Subdivision and at its south end it continues south as the Tallahassee Subdivision.
 The A-Line runs from Jacksonville, Florida to St. Johns, Florida for a total of 13.0 miles.
 At its north end it continues south from the Nahunta Subdivision and at its south end it continues south as the Sanford Subdivision.
The Florida Central and Western Railroad was a railroad company that was the 1882 reincarnation of the Jacksonville, Pensacola and Mobile Railroad (JP&M), which ran from Lake City, Florida, west to Chattahoochee, Florida (including a component line from Tallahassee, Florida south to St. Marks, Florida), and JP&M affiliate the Florida Central Railroad, which ran from Jacksonville, Florida, east to Lake City.
 In 1884, its owner, Sir Edward Reed, placed the company along with other Florida railroads he controlled under the umbrella of the Florida Railway and Navigation Company, which in 1888 was renamed the Florida Central and Peninsular Railroad (FC&P).
 In 1900, a year after purchasing the majority of FC&P stock, the newly organized Seaboard Air Line Railway (now CSX Transportation) leased the FC&P and, in 1903, acquired it outright.
 It was a gauge railroad line
The Jacksonville metropolitan area, also called Greater Jacksonville or Metro Jacksonville, is the metropolitan area centered on the principal city of Jacksonville, Florida and including the First Coast of North Florida.
 The U.S. Office of Management and Budget designates the area as the Jacksonville, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, a metropolitan statistical area used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other government agencies.
 The OMB defines the metropolitan statistical area as consisting of five counties: Duval, Clay, St. Johns, Nassau, and Baker.
 According to the 2010 United States Census, the total population was 1,345,596, with a 2016 estimate of 1,478,212.
 The Jacksonville metropolitan area is the 40th largest in the country and the fourth largest in the state of Florida, behind the Miami, Tampa, and Orlando metropolitan areas.
The Jacksonville transportation network includes ground, air, and sea options for passenger and freight transit.
 The Jacksonville Port Authority (Jaxport) operates the Port of Jacksonville, which includes container shipping facilities at "Blount Island Marine Terminal", the "Talleyrand Marine Terminal" and the "Dames Point Marine Terminal".
 Jacksonville Aviation Authority managers Jacksonville International Airport in Northside, as well as several smaller airports.
 The Jacksonville Transportation Authority (JTA) operates bus, people mover, and park-n-ride services throughout the city and region.
 A major bus terminal at the intermodal Rosa Parks Transit Station serves as JTA's main transit hub.
 Various intercity bus companies terminate near Central Station.
 Amtrak operates passenger rail service to and from major cities throughout North America.
 The city is bisected by major highways, I-95 and I-10, I-295 creates a full beltway around the city.
The Florida Interurban Railway and Tunnel Company was incorporated in 1912 by the Bates Real Estate Interests and partners, which had extensive backgrounds in railroading with the Seaboard Air Line Railroad.
 It is not known if the company was a 'front' for Seaboard expansion into new markets but the use of a front company has been a common practice in Florida.
 The railway was to link Jacksonville with both St. Augustine and Pablo Beach (later named: Jacksonville Beach) with a 45-mile rail network.
 The tunnel would have had the additional bonus of being the first man-made crossing of the St. Johns River and was planned for interurbans and streetcars as well as automobiles and pedestrians.
 The opening of the St. Elmo Acosta toll Bridge in 1921 connected both sides of the river and it was used by streetcars, automobiles and pedestrians.
 Nothing more was heard from the FIR&T Company, but several more interurban schemes played into the area's electric railway history.
 Jacksonville Traction Company itself incorporated the Duval Traction Company which in 1918 completed a line from downtown Jacksonville to Camp Johnston (today's NAS JAX) near the Clay County line.
 The South Jacksonville municipal Railways flush with cash after linking Jacksonville and South Jacksonville extended its lines to both St. Nicholas and San Jose, which was then considered 'far out in the country.'
