William Hawthorne "Bill" Wirskye is a prominent Texas prosecutor who is currently the Second Assistant District Attorney in the Collin County District Attorney's Office in Collin County, Texas.
 Wirskye is best known for being the lead prosecutor who tried the Kaufman County DA murders, which ultimately resulted in the death penalty for the defendant, former Justice of the Peace of Kaufman County, Eric Williams.
 Before that, he was a Dallas County prosecutor for 12 years.
Brenda J. Hollis, a citizen of the United States, was appointed by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon as Prosecutor of the Special Court for Sierra Leone on 16 February 2010, replacing Stephen Rapp.
 Hollis was the Chief Prosecutor at the Special Court and served as the lead prosecutor in the trial and appeal of the case against Charles Taylor, the former President of Liberia.
 Hollis currently serves as the Prosecutor of the Residual Special Court for Sierra Leone, which replaced the Special Court in December 2013.
 She also serves as the Reserve International Co-Prosecutor for the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia, and works as a consultant in international criminal law and procedure.
Marcia Rachel Clark (born Marcia Rachel Kleks on August 31, 1953) is an American prosecutor, author, and television correspondent.
 She was the lead prosecutor in the O. J. Simpson murder case.
Robert J. Cleary (born September 30, 1955) is an American lawyer who has served as the United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey and for the Southern District of Illinois.
 He was the lead prosecutor in the Unabomber case.
 He is currently a partner at Proskauer Rose.
Colonel Michael Mulligan is a prosecutor in the United States Army notable for serving as the lead prosecutor in the courts-martial of Hasan Akbar and of Nidal Malik Hasan, the sole accused in the November 2009 Fort Hood shooting.
Noall Thurber Wootton (September 8, 1940 – April 27, 2006) was the Utah County District Attorney, in Utah, from 1974 to 1986.
 During his time in that role, he is most famous for being the lead prosecutor of Gary Gilmore, the first person to be executed after the 1976 reinstatement of the death penalty.
 Wootton earned his bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University in 1961 and a J.D. from the University of Utah in 1964.
 Noall Wootton died at the age of 65 on April 27, 2006 due to cancer.
Bernardo Enrique "Bernie" de la Rionda (born February 9, 1957) is an assistant state attorney in the fourth judicial circuit in the State of Florida and was the lead prosecutor in "State of Florida vs. George Zimmerman".
 A graduate of the Florida State University College of Law, de la Rionda has been an assistant state attorney since 1983.
 In 2010, he was honored with the FBI Director's Community Leadership Award for being an "exceptional prosecutor".
 Born in Cuba, de la Rionda moved to Miami, Florida in the U.S. to live with relatives at age four and never saw his parents again.
Linda Drane Burdick (born October 12, 1964) is the Chief Assistant State Attorney at the Orange and Osceola County State Attorney's Office in Orlando, Florida.
 She was the lead prosecutor on the State of Florida vs. Casey Anthony case.
Camp Arifjan is a United States Army installation in Kuwait which accommodates elements of the US Air Force, US Navy, US Marine Corps and US Coast Guard.
 The camp was funded and built by the government of Kuwait.
 Military personnel from the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Romania and Poland are also forward deployed there.
 Camp Arifjan is located south of Kuwait City, and west of the Shuaiba Port (Military Sea Port of Debarkation/Embarkation, or SPOD) and Kuwait Naval Base (KNB).
 Camp Arifjan is divided into 7 zones.
United States v. Hasan K. Akbar was the court-martial of a United States Army soldier for a premeditated attack in the early morning hours of March 23, 2003, at Camp Pennsylvania, Kuwait, during the start of the United States invasion of Iraq.
