Super Bowl VIII was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Minnesota Vikings and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Miami Dolphins to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1973 season.
 The Dolphins defeated the Vikings by the score of 24–7 to win their second consecutive Super Bowl, the first team to do so since the Green Bay Packers in Super Bowls I and II, and the first AFC team to do so.
The Minnesota Vikings season was the franchise's 22nd season in the National Football League.
 This was Minnesota's first season in the newly constructed Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome.
 The team was looking to improve on its 7-9 record from 1981.
 However, a players strike cancelled 7 of the team's 16 games, and each NFL team was only allowed to play 9 games.
 The Vikings would win their opener against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers before losing the next week to the Buffalo Bills, a game in which they had a 19-0 lead before the Bills pulled off a miraculous comeback to win 23-22.
 After the strike ended, the Vikings would get embarrassed in Green Bay against the Packers 26-7 before beating the Bears the next week 35-7 to sit at 2-2.
 After a loss to the Dolphins, the Vikings would win their next 2 games to sit at 4-3.
 In their final game of the season, they would upset the Dallas Cowboys 31-27 to clinch the NFC's 4th place spot in the playoffs (as divisions were ignored in 1982 and the standings were determined by conference).
 In the playoffs, the Vikings would defeat the Atlanta Falcons 30-24 to reach the divisional round.
 However, in that game, they would lose 21-7 to the eventual champion Redskins.
The Minnesota Vikings season was the 37th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 78th regular season of the National Football League.
 The Vikings finished with a record of nine wins and seven losses.
 Their record was good enough to qualify for a wild card berth.
 In the wild card round against the New York Giants, the Vikings came back from a 22–13 deficit with 90 seconds to play to defeat the Giants 23–22.
 It was their first playoff victory since 1988 and their first under head coach Dennis Green.
 In the Divisional round, the Vikings were defeated by the San Francisco 49ers, 38–22.
The Minnesota Vikings season was the 35th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 76th regular season of the National Football League.
 The Vikings finished with a record of eight wins and eight losses.
 The Vikings however had a chance to still make the playoffs entering Week 17 at Cincinnati.
 But with the Bears and the Falcons winning their games to fight for the final spot in the playoffs, it was too much to overcome for Minnesota to clinch.
 This was the first time the Vikings had not reached the playoffs under Green.
The 1982 Miami Dolphins season was the team's seventeenth in the National Football League.
 The team was coming off an unexpected 11-4-1 1981 season and a devastating loss to the San Diego Chargers in the Divisional Round the previous season in a game dubbed the Epic in Miami.
 The Dolphins had clinched the 2 seed and were picked by many to reach the Super Bowl during the 1981 season.
 Because of the high number of picks to reach the Super Bowl the previous season, many more fans picked them to win it during the 1982 season.
 The Dolphins looked to improve on their 11-4-1 record from 1981.
 However, a players strike cancelled 7 of the team's 16 games.
 Because of this, the NFL schedule was shrunk to 9 games.
 The Dolphins started out fresh, winning their first 2 games prior to the strike.
 When season play resumed 2 months later, the Dolphins defeated the Buffalo Bills 9-7 in Buffalo to clinch a 3-0 start.
 After a loss to Tampa Bay, they defeated the Minnesota Vikings 22-14.
 The next week, they lost a brisk game against the Patriots 3-0 in a game called the Snowplow Game.
 The Dolphins would then win 3 straight games to end the season 7-2, tied for 2nd in the AFC with the Cincinnati Bengals.
 The Dolphins won 2nd place over them by virtue of a series of tiebreakers.
 In the playoffs, they defeated the Patriots in a rematch by the score of 28-13.
 They then defeated the Chargers in a rematch of the 1981 Divisional Playoffs by a score of 34-13.
 In the AFC Championship game, they shutout the Jets, 14-0 to reach the Super Bowl for the first time since 1973.
 In Super Bowl XVII, they lost to the Redskins 27-17 in a rematch of Super Bowl VII which concluded Miami's perfect 1972 season.
Mackensie Alexander (born November 12, 1993) is an American football cornerback for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL).
 Alexander played college football at Clemson University, where after redshirting his freshman season, became a key role player on the Tigers' defense his second season, earning freshman All-American honors.
 Entering his sophomore season, he was a key part of the Tigers's defense, which was ranked among the best in all of college football.
 Alexander was drafted by the Vikings in the second round, 54th overall of the 2016 NFL Draft.
The 1998 Minnesota Vikings season was the 38th season of competition for the Minnesota Vikings franchise in the National Football League.
 The Vikings became the third team in NFL history to win 15 games during the regular season, which earned them the National Football Conference (NFC) Central division championship and the first overall seed in the NFC playoffs.
 The team entered the playoffs as the favorite to win Super Bowl XXXIII, but their season ended when they were upset by the Atlanta Falcons in the 1998 NFC Championship Game.
The Minnesota Vikings Cheerleaders are the official cheer squad for the Minnesota Vikings.
 The squad performs at every home game at the U.S. Bank Stadium, the home stadium of Minnesota.
 Before the squad's introduction in 1984, The Vi-Queens (1961–63) and the St. Louis Park High School Parkettes performed (1964–83).
 In 1984, the MVC were started.
 The group currently has 35 members.
 The squad, like other groups in the league, releases a swimsuit calendar annually since 2001.
 The squad also makes off-field appearances at parades, schools, and charity events.
 Like other NFL cheerleading squads, the MVC also has a "Junior Minnesota Vikings Cheerleaders" program, which has various divisions: Junior Angel Division is for girls aged 3–5, and Junior Cheerleader Division is for girls aged 6–14.
 In April, the MVC hosts tryouts at Winter Park.
Douglas Sherone Davis (July 2, 1944 – February 10, 2011) was a professional American football tackle for seven seasons for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League.
 He was born July 2, 1944 in Elkton, Md. and was the son of Newton and Grace Reynolds Davis.
 He married to Roberta () and had a son Brian Davis.
 His siblings include (sisters) Christine Thomas, Bertha (Lowell) Kennedy,Nancy (James) Griffith, Brothers Larry (Phyllis) Davis, Kenneth Davis, Earnst (Brenda) Davis.
 Doug graduated from Centerburg High School in Central Ohio in 1962 and continued his education at the University of Kentucky.
 He was a member of the Wildcat football team from 1962 to 1966.
 He was chosen by the Wigman of America to be a National High School All American All Star player which earned him the right to play in the All-Star game in Dallas, Texas.
 Drafted in the 5th round, first pick by the Minnesota Vikings, he appeared in 148 career regular season games.
 Along with Grady Alderman, Mick Tingelhoff, Jim Vellone and Milt Sunde, he formed a highly-effective offensive line which played a significant role in the Vikings reaching Super Bowl IV in 1970.
 Following his football career, Davis worked as a highly respected national sales director for a water technology company for 25 years in Sarasota FL.
In National Football League lore, the Snowplow Game was a regular-season game played between the Miami Dolphins and New England Patriots on December 12, 1982, at Schaefer Stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts.
 The stadium's snowplow operator, Mark Henderson, cleared a spot on the snowy field specifically for New England kicker John Smith so he could kick the game-winning field goal to give the Patriots a 3–0 win.
