Barbadian singer Rihanna has released four video albums and appeared in fifty-two music videos, six films, ten television programs, and eight television commercials.
 In 2005, Rihanna signed a recording contract with Def Jam Recordings and released her debut single "Pon de Replay", taken from her first studio album "Music of the Sun" (2005).
 Like its lyrical theme, the music video for the song was inspired by disco and dance; it was directed by Little X.
 Three separate videos were released for "SOS", the lead single from her second studio album "A Girl Like Me" (2006), all of which contained various dance sequences.
 The same year, American director Anthony Mandler directed the accompanying music video for the second single "Unfaithful", which featured Rihanna in a dangerous love triangle with her lover and her husband.
 "Unfaithful" was Rihanna's first collaboration with Mandler; they later worked together regularly.
 Also in 2006, Rihanna played herself in the third installment of the "Bring It On" film series, entitled "".
"I Can Transform Ya" is a song by American singer Chris Brown from his third album "Graffiti".
 The song features vocals from Lil Wayne and Swizz Beatz.
 The artists co-wrote the song with Lonny Bereal, Trayce Green, and Jason "Poo Bear" Boyd, with Beatz producing the track.
 The song was released as the lead single from "Graffiti" on September 29, 2009, and was Brown's first official release since his altercation with former girlfriend, Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 Originally known simply as "Transformer", it is an electro-composed song infused with hip hop, crunk and "industrial" R&B musical genres, while making use of robotic tones.
 It is lyrically about introducing someone to a life of luxury.
"Sex with Me" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her eighth studio album, "Anti" (2016); it is one of three bonus tracks included on the deluxe edition.
 She wrote the song in collaboration with PartyNextDoor, Chester Hansen, Boi-1da, Frank Dukes and Vinylz, and it was produced by the latter three.
 Kuk Harrell was also enlisted as Rihanna's vocal producer.
 On February 3, 2017, Rihanna released a five-track EP which included remixes of "Sex with Me" by MK, Salva, John Blake, Addal and DEVAULT.
Music of the Sun is the debut studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 It was released on August 30, 2005 in the United States through Def Jam Recordings.
 Prior to signing with Def Jam, Rihanna was discovered by record producer Evan Rogers in Barbados, who helped Rihanna record demo tapes to send out to several record labels.
 Jay-Z, the former chief executive officer (CEO) and president of Def Jam, was given Rihanna's demo by Jay Brown, his A&R at Def Jam, and invited her to audition for the label after hearing what turned out to be her first single, "Pon de Replay".
 She auditioned for Jay-Z and L.A. Reid, the former CEO and president of record label group The Island Def Jam Music Group, and was signed on the spot to prevent her from signing with another record label.
Robyn Rihanna Fenty ( ; February 20, 1988) is a Barbadian singer, songwriter, and actress.
 Born in Saint Michael, Barbados and raised in Bridgetown, during 2003 she recorded demo tapes under the direction of record producer Evan Rogers and signed a recording contract with Def Jam Recordings after auditioning for its then-president, hip hop producer and rapper Jay Z.
 In 2005, Rihanna rose to fame with the release of her debut studio album "Music of the Sun" and its follow-up "A Girl like Me" (2006), which charted on the top 10 of the US "Billboard" 200 and respectively produced the singles "Pon de Replay" and "SOS".
Good Girl Gone Bad Live is the first live long-form video by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 It was first released on June 9, 2008 by Def Jam Recordings.
 The DVD and Blu-ray release features Rihanna's concert at the Manchester Arena in Manchester, United Kingdom held on December 6, 2007, as part of her Good Girl Gone Bad Tour (2007—2009) which supported singer's third studio album "Good Girl Gone Bad" (2007).
 Most of the concert's set list originates from "Good Girl Gone Bad", however, Rihanna also performed songs from her previous albums "Music of the Sun" (2005) and "A Girl like Me" (2006).
 It also contains a special Documentary Feature that presents Rihanna discussing her experiences during the tour.
"Cold Case Love" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009).
 It was written and produced by The Y's (Justin Timberlake, Robin Tadross and James Fauntleroy II).
 Following Chris Brown's assault on Rihanna, she started working on the sound of her new album.
 Timberlake who co-wrote "Cold Case Love" labeled the sound of Rihanna's new project as a step forward for the singer.
 In February 2010, Rihanna admitted that the song's lyrics are about her complicated relationship with Brown.
"Man Down" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fifth studio album, "Loud" (2010).
 Singer Shontelle and production duo Rock City wrote the song with its main producer, Sham.
 They wrote it during a writing camp, in Los Angeles of March 2010, held by Rihanna's record label to gather compositions for possible inclusion on the then-untitled album.
 Rock City were inspired by Bob Marley's 1973 song "I Shot the Sheriff" and set out to create a song which embodied the same feel, but from a female perspective.
 "Man Down" is a reggae murder ballad which incorporates elements of ragga and electronic music.
 Lyrically, Rihanna is a fugitive after she shoots a man, an action she later regrets.
 Several critics singled out "Man Down" as "Loud"' s highlight, while others commented on her prominent West Indian accent and vocal agility.
"Only Girl (In the World)" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fifth album, "Loud" (2010).
 The album's lead single, it was released on September 10.
 Crystal Johnson wrote the song in collaboration with producers Stargate and Sandy Vee.
 Rihanna contacted Stargate before "Loud"'s production and asked them to create lively, uptempo music.
 "Only Girl (In the World)" was the first song composed for the album, and the singer decided to include it on the track list before she recorded her vocals.
 Backed by strong bass and synthesizer, it is a eurodance song that incorporates elements of hi-NRG, rave and R&B in its composition.
 In its lyrics, Rihanna demands physical attention from her lover.
"Love the Way You Lie" is a song recorded by the American rapper Eminem, featuring the Barbadian singer Rihanna, from Eminem's seventh studio album "Recovery" (2010).
 The singer and songwriter Skylar Grey wrote and recorded a demo of the song alongside the producer Alex da Kid when she felt she was in an abusive romantic relationship with the music industry.
 Eminem wrote the verses and chose Rihanna to sing the chorus, resulting in a collaboration influenced by their past experiences in difficult relationships.
 Recording sessions were held in Ferndale, Michigan, and Dublin, Ireland.
 Backed by guitar, piano and violin, the track is a midtempo hip hop ballad with a pop refrain, sung by Rihanna, and describes two lovers who refuse to separate despite being in a dangerous love–hate relationship.
