Rehman Khan (born August 21, 1979) is an Indian stand up comedian and a film actor.
 He participated in "Comedy Circus 2" (2008), Comedy Circus Chincpokli to China, Comedy Circus 20 20 with Rakshanda Khan, Comedy ka Mahasangram with Karishma Tanna, Jubilee Comedy Circus with Saloni Daini, Comedy Ke Superstar with Usha Nadkarni, Comedy Circus Ki Kahani with Ragini Khanna, "Comedy Circus 3 Ka Tadka" (2009) with Anoop Soni, and Shweta Tiwari on Sony Television.
 Rehman was also part of Star One show, The Great Indian Laughter Challenge season 3, Comedy Champions on Sahara TV Chote Miya Bade Miya on Colors TV, Comedy Ka Maha Muqabala on Star Plus, Nautanki-The Comedy Theatre on Colors TV 2013, Mad in India with Sunil Grover on Star Plus 2014.
Meghan Jadhav, is an Indian television and movie actor who is best known as his role in Colors TV show Jai Shri Krishna(2008–09) as Shri Krishna.
 He has also played as Abhimanyu in the mythological serial of Sony Entertainment Television (India) Suryaputra Karn.
 His performance in Dharma Production's Bollywood film Brothers (2015 film) as younger David was highly praised.
 Currently portraying the role of Kartikey, son of Shiv and Parvati, in Mahakali– Anth hi Aarambh hai Colors TV
Comedy Nights Live was an Indian stand-up comedy television series, which premiered on 31 January 2016, and was broadcast on Colors TV.
 The series aired on every Sunday nights.
 The series replaced Colors TV’s popular show "Comedy Nights with Kapil".
Radhika Madan is an Indian television actress.
 Before her debut as Ishani (protagonist) opposite Shakti Arora on Colors TV, Madan worked as a dance instructor in New Delhi.
 Madan has played the lead role of Ishani in Ekta Kapoor's show "Meri Aashiqui Tum Se Hi" on Colors TV.
 She won "Best Debut Actor Award" at "Zee Gold Awards" 2015.
 She was seen in the dance reality show "Jhalak Reloaded".
 Daily Bhasker reported that Madan has "become a household name."
Juhi Parmar (born 14 December 1980) is an Indian TV personality and an anchor, actress, television presenter, singer and dancer.
 She is best known for her role as Kumkum in Television Series Kumkum Ek Pyara Sa Bandhan.
 She is the winner of fifth season of the reality television show Bigg Boss that aired on Colors TV.
 She currently appears In Colors TV's High Rated mythological Show Shani.
Ek Shringaar – Swabhimaan (English: "Self-Respect-An Adornment") commonly abbreviated as "Swabhimaan" is an Indian television series produced under the banner Rajshri Productions, by Sooraj Barjatya.
 The show premiered on December 19, 2016, on Colors TV and replaced the long-running and colors' third highly rated show Swaragini.
 The show revolves around two sisters Meghna (Sangeeta Chauhan), Naina (Ankitta Sharma) and their mother Sharda (Prachi Shah) who has raised her daughters to be independent and self-sufficient.
 Both her daughters have studied hard and have finally obtained their respective education degrees.
 The show centers on how Sharda is striving to find deserving suitors for both her daughters and is looking for a family who will value both her daughter's education, and will not force her daughters to become housewives despite their extensive education.
 The show's main theme is women's empowerment, especially in rural areas of India.
 Sahil Uppal and Samridh Bawa plays the male leads as Kunal and Karan respectively.
 The series was canceled and its final episode aired 29 September 2017.
Karmaphal Daata Shani (English: "The lord of the deeds Shani") is an Indian Hindi historical period drama television series, which premiered on 7 November 2016 and is broadcast on Colors TV.
 The series is produced by Swastik Productions of Siddharth Kumar Tewary.
 The series airs every Monday to Friday 9.00 pm The series has dubbed into Telugu on Gemini TV and it airs every Monday to Saturday 8:30 pm from 24 July 2017.
Chhote Miyan is a comedy show that airs on Colors TV hosted by Juhi Parmar and Kapil Sharma with Rahul Mahajan and Sachin Pilgaonkar serving as judges on the show.
Aasiya Kazi (born 12 December 1991) is an Indian television actress best known for her role of Santu Dharamraj Mahiyavanshi in the television soap opera "Bandini" on Imagine TV.
 She also played the role of Saudamini in Colors TV and Hema Malini’s "Matti Ki Banno", Kastur Galla in Imagine TV's "Dharampatni", Dr. Shweta Kapoor / Shweta Rishi Kumar in Zee TV's "Hitler Didi", Ruku in Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha 2  on Colors TV, and as Ganga in "Balika Vadhu"
Yukti Kapoor is an Indian television actress who has appeared in several television serials.
 She made her film debut in 2015 with Uvaa.
 She was also seen in Colors TV show Balika Vadhu and Star Plus mythological show Siya Ke Ram.
 She is currently appearing in Agnifera TV show telecasting on &TV TV channel.
