Cynegeirus, also spelled Cynaegeirus or Cynegirus (Greek: Κυνέγειρος or Κυναίγειρος "Kynegeiros" or "Kynaigeiros"; died 490 BC) was an ancient Greek hero of Athens and had three siblings.
 His two brothers were the playwright Aeschylus and Ameinias, hero of the battle of Salamis, while his sister was Philopatho (Greek: Φιλοπαθώ ), the mother of the Athenian tragic poet Philokles.
 He was the son of Euphorion (Greek: Ευφορίωνας ) from Eleusis and member of the Eupatridae, the ancient nobility of Attica.
The Battle of Thermopylae ( ; Greek: Μάχη τῶν Θερμοπυλῶν , "Machē tōn Thermopylōn") was fought between an alliance of Greek city-states, led by King Leonidas of Sparta, and the Persian Empire of Xerxes I over the course of three days, during the second Persian invasion of Greece.
 It took place simultaneously with the naval battle at Artemisium, in August or September 480 BC, at the narrow coastal pass of Thermopylae ("The Hot Gates").
 The Persian invasion was a delayed response to the defeat of the first Persian invasion of Greece, which had been ended by the Athenian victory at the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC.
 Xerxes had amassed a huge army and navy, and set out to conquer all of Greece.
 The Athenian politician and general Themistocles had proposed that the allied Greeks block the advance of the Persian army at the pass of Thermopylae, and simultaneously block the Persian navy at the Straits of Artemisium.
Aristodemus (Greek: Ἀριστόδημος ; c. 550 – c. 490 BC), nicknamed "Malakos" (meaning "soft" or "malleable" or possibly "effeminate"), was a strategos and then tyrant of Cumae.
 As a strategos, he twice defeated Etruscan armies.
 He gained popularity amongst the people of Cumae due to his opposition to the city's aristocracy and his proposals to more fairly share land and to forgive debts.
 He was then successful in overthrowing the aristocratic faction, yet became a tyrant himself.
 He was assassinated by the aristocratic faction around 490 BC.
Gorgo ( ; Greek: Γοργώ ] ; fl.
 480 BC) was the daughter and the only known child of Cleomenes I, King of Sparta (r. 520–490 BC) during the 6th and 5th centuries BC.
 She was the wife of King Leonidas I, Cleomenes' half-brother, who fought and died in the Battle of Thermopylae.
 Gorgo is noted as one of the few female historical figures actually named by Herodotus, and was known for her political judgement and wisdom.
 She is notable for being the daughter of a king of Sparta, the wife of another, and the mother of a third.
 Her birth date is uncertain, but is most likely to have been between 518 and 508 BC, based on Herodotus' dating ("Histories" 5.51).
Year 490 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.
 At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Camerinus and Flavus (or, less frequently, year 264 "Ab urbe condita").
 The denomination 490 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Callimachus or Callimachos (Greek: Καλλίμαχος ) was the Athenian polemarch at the Battle of Marathon which took place during 490 BC.
 According to Herodotus he was from the Attica deme of Afidnes.
The Battle of Marathon (Greek: Μάχη τοῦ Μαραθῶνος , "Machē tou Marathōnos") took place in 490 BC, during the first Persian invasion of Greece.
 It was fought between the citizens of Athens, aided by Plataea, and a Persian force commanded by Datis and Artaphernes.
 The battle was the culmination of the first attempt by Persia, under King Darius I, to subjugate Greece.
 The Greek army decisively defeated the more numerous Persians, marking a turning point in the Greco-Persian Wars.
Themistocles ( ; Greek: Θεμιστοκλῆς "Themistoklẽs"; "Glory of the Law"; c. 524–459 BC) was an Athenian politician and general.
 He was one of a new breed of non-aristocratic politicians who rose to prominence in the early years of the Athenian democracy.
 As a politician, Themistocles was a populist, having the support of lower-class Athenians, and generally being at odds with the Athenian nobility.
 Elected archon in 493 BC, he convinced the polis to increase the naval power of Athens, a recurring theme in his political career.
 During the first Persian invasion of Greece he fought at the Battle of Marathon (490 BC) and was possibly one of the ten Athenian "strategoi" (generals) in that battle.
Duke Jing of Qi (; died 490 BC) was ruler of the State of Qi from 547 to 490 BC.
 Qi was a major power during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.
 His personal name was Lü Chujiu (呂杵臼), ancestral name Jiang (姜), and Duke Jing was his posthumous title.
 After the years of unrest as two powerful ministers, Cui Zhu and Qing Feng, sought to control the state of Qi, Duke Jing appointed Yan Ying as his prime minister, and Qi entered a period of relative peace and prosperity.
Marathon (Demotic Greek: Μαραθώνας, "Marathónas"; Attic/Katharevousa: Μαραθών , "Marathṓn") is a town in Greece, the site of the battle of Marathon in 490 BC, in which the heavily outnumbered Athenian army defeated the Persians.
 The tumulus or burial mound (Greek" Τύμβος, tymbos", tomb) of the 192 Athenian dead, also called the "Soros", which was erected near the battlefield, remains a feature of the coastal plain.
 The Tymbos is now marked by a marble memorial stele and surrounded by a small park.
