The Peter and Paul Cathedral (Russian: Петропавловский собор ) is a Russian Orthodox cathedral located inside the Peter and Paul Fortress in St. Petersburg, Russia.
 It is the first and oldest landmark in St. Petersburg, built between 1712 and 1733 on Zayachy Island along the Neva River.
 Both the cathedral and the fortress were originally built under Peter the Great and designed by Domenico Trezzini.
 The cathedral's bell tower is the world's tallest Orthodox bell tower.
 Since the belfry is not standalone, but an integral part of the main building, the cathedral is sometimes considered the highest Orthodox Church in the world.
 There is another Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul Church in St. Petersburg, located in Petergof.
The Cathedral School of Vilnius was a cathedral school attached to the Vilnius Cathedral.
 It is believed to be the earliest school in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
 For about a hundred years it was the only Catholic school in Vilnius (possibly due to a royal privilege prohibiting establishment of other schools).
 The cathedral school was merged with Vilnius Academy (now Vilnius University), established by the Jesuits in 1570.
Norwich Guildhall (informally the Guildhall) is a historic listed building on Gaol Hill in the city of Norwich, United Kingdom.
 It was constructed between 1407 and 1413 and served as the seat of city government from the early 15th century until 1938, when it was replaced by the newly built City Hall.
 At the time of the building's construction and for much of its history Norwich was one of the largest and wealthiest cities in England, and today the Guildhall is the largest surviving medieval civic building in the country outside London.
The title Quadripartitus refers to an extensive legal collection compiled during the reign of Henry I, king of England (1100–1135).
 The work consists of Anglo-Saxon legal materials in Latin translation as well as a number of Latin texts of legal interest that were produced after the Conquest.
 It ranks as the largest surviving medieval collection of pre-Conquest law and is the second to have been produced during Henry I's reign, after that contained in Cambridge, Corpus Christi College MS 383.
 First compiled for the use of Henry I's jurists and administrators, the "Quadripartitus" enjoyed immense interest for a considerable time afterwards and was consulted by legal scholars, including Henry de Bracton in the thirteenth century and John Fortescue in the fifteenth.
From 1777 to 1784, he studied in Warsaw and Vilnius in theology and was ordained as a priest in 1783.
 From 1788 onwards he was a priest at Vilnius Cathedral.
 From 1789 to 1792, he visited Germany and Italy.
 From 1797 onwards he was an Educational Commission member, and one of the founders of the Vilnius Charity Society.
The Cathedral of Saint Mary of Tudela (Spanish: "Catedral de Santa Maria") is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Plaza Vieja in the center of Tudela, autonomous community of Navarre, Spain.
 The medieval building was originally a collegiate church.
 It became a cathedral with the creation of the Diocese of Tudela.
 It is now a co-cathedral in the Archdiocese of Pamplona and Tudela.
Nidaros Cathedral (Norwegian: "Nidarosdomen / Nidaros Domkirke" ) is a Church of Norway cathedral located in the city of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
 Built over the burial site of Saint Olav, the king of Norway in the 11th century, who became the patron saint of the nation.
 It is the traditional location for the consecration of the King of Norway.
 It was built from 1070 to 1300, and designated as the cathedral for the Diocese of Nidaros in 1152.
 After the Protestant Reformation, it was taken from the Roman Catholics by the Lutheran Church in 1537.
 It is the northernmost medieval cathedral in the world.
The Cathedral Square in Vilnius (Lithuanian: "Katedros aikštė" ) is the main square of the Vilnius Old Town, right in front of the neo-classical Vilnius Cathedral.
 It is a key location in city's public life, situated as it is at the crossing of the city's main streets and reflecting the city's diversity.
 Regularly held at this site are fairs and gatherings of townspeople, military parades, religious and official public events, attractions and large concerts, New Year’s salutes and exhibitions.
 It is not merely the most lively and important location in the city, but is also one of the most significant and widely known symbols of Lithuania.
The Old Town of Vilnius (Lithuanian: "Vilniaus senamiestis" , Polish: "Stare Miasto w Wilnie" , Belarusian: Стары горад Вільні , Russian: Старый город в Вильнe ), one of the largest surviving medieval old towns in Northern Europe, has an area of 3.59 square kilometres (887 acres).
 It encompasses 74 quarters, with 70 streets and lanes numbering 1487 buildings with a total floor area of 1,497,000 square meters.
 The oldest part of the Lithuanian capital of Vilnius, it has developed over the course of many centuries, and has been shaped by the city's history and a constantly changing cultural influence.
 It is a place where some of Europe's greatest architectural stylesgothic, renaissance, baroque and neoclassicalstand side by side and complement each other.
Turku Castle (Finnish: "Turun linna" , Swedish: "Åbo slott" ) is a medieval building in the city of Turku in Finland.
 Together with Turku Cathedral, the castle is one of the oldest buildings still in use in Finland.
 Turku Castle is the largest surviving medieval building in Finland.
 It was founded in the late 13th century and stands on the banks of the Aura River.
