Trouble Maker () is a 1995 joint Taiwan and Hong Kong romance comedy film directed by Taiwanese director Kevin Chu and produced by Hong Kong director Wong Jing.
 Starring Taiwanese actor singer Takeshi Kaneshiro, Hong Kong actor Ng Man-tat, Hong Kong actress Athena Chu and Taiwanese child actor Steven Hao Shao Wen.
 The Hong Kong Chinese title 蠟筆小小生 translates as "Crayon Siao Siao San" which is derived from the popular Japanese manga "Crayon Shin-chan" about a mischievous little boy.
 The movie was first released in Taiwan under the title "Fart King 臭屁王".
 The movie was renamed and dubbed in Cantonese for all the Taiwanese actors to cater to the Hong Kong audiences.
 Hong Kong actors Ng Man-tat, Athena Chu and Gabriel Wong Yat-San (known by his nickname "Small Turtle") filmed their lines in Cantonese which was dubbed over by an actor for the Mandarin version.
 The movie was released in Taiwan on 25 March 1995 and then a week later on 1 April 1995 in Hong Kong.
Legend of the Bat, also known as Bat Island Adventure or Clans of Intrigue 2, is a 1978 Hong Kong "wuxia" film adapted from "Bianfu Chuanqi" of Gu Long's "Chu Liuxiang" novel series.
 The film was directed and written by Chor Yuen, produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, and starred Ti Lung as the lead character.
 It was preceded by "Clans of Intrigue" (1977) and followed by "Perils of the Sentimental Swordsman" (1982).
The Sentimental Swordsman is a 1977 Hong Kong "wuxia" film written and directed by Chor Yuen and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio.
 It stars Ti Lung, Derek Yee, Ching Li, Yueh Hua, Fan Mei-sheng and Ku Feng.
 The film is based on "Duoqing Jianke Wuqing Jian" of Gu Long's "Xiaoli Feidao Series" of novels.
Swordsman II, also known as The Legend of the Swordsman, is a 1992 Hong Kong "wuxia" film very loosely adapted from Louis Cha's novel "The Smiling, Proud Wanderer".
 It was the second part of a trilogy: preceded by "The Swordsman" (1990) and followed by "The East Is Red" (1993).
 Directed by Ching Siu-tung, "Swordsman II" starred Jet Li, Brigitte Lin, Rosamund Kwan and Michelle Reis in the leading roles.
 None of the original cast from the previous film come back except Fennie Yuen.
Perils of the Sentimental Swordsman is a 1982 Hong Kong "wuxia" film directed by Chor Yuen, produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and starring Ti Lung.
 It was adapted from "Youling Shanzhuang" of Gu Long's "Lu Xiaofeng" novel series.
 In the film, the original protagonist, Lu Xiaofeng, was replaced by Chu Liuxiang, the lead character of another novel series by Gu Long.
 It was preceded by "Clans of Intrigue" (1977) and "Legend of the Bat" (1978).
The East Is Red, also known as Swordsman III, is a 1993 Hong Kong wuxia film.
 The main character in the film is loosely based on Dongfang Bubai, a character in Louis Cha's novel "The Smiling, Proud Wanderer".
 The film was produced by Tsui Hark, directed by Ching Siu-tung, and starred Brigitte Lin, Joey Wong and Yu Rongguang.
 The film is regarded as a sequel to "The Swordsman" and "Swordsman II".
Clans of Intrigue is a 1977 Hong Kong "wuxia" film adapted from "Fragrance in the Sea of Blood" of Gu Long's "Chu Liuxiang" novel series.
 The film was directed by Chor Yuen, produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, and starred Ti Lung as the lead character.
 It was followed by "Legend of the Bat" (1978) and "Perils of the Sentimental Swordsman" (1982).
Tommy Tam Fu-Wing (born 19 August 1946), better known by his stage name Ti Lung, is a Hong Kong actor, known for his numerous starring roles in a string of Shaw Brothers Studio's films, particularly "The Blood Brothers", "The Duel", "The Sentimental Swordsman" and its sequel, and in the classic "A Better Tomorrow".
Cliff Lok, also Koo Lung, Ku Lung, Gam Tung, Chin Tong, Chin Tung, Lung Goon-Ting, Lung Kuan-Ting, Kan Tung, Kam Tung and Cliff Lok Kam Tung () (born 11 September 1948) is a retired Chinese film actor and martial artist who worked in the Cinema of Hong Kong.
 He began his career at the Peking Opera.
 He starred in at least 60 films between 1966 and 2001, most of them wuxia/martial arts pictures of the late 1960s and the 1970s.
 Films include "One-Armed Swordsman" (1967), "Golden Swallow" (1968), "Return of the One-Armed Swordsman" (1969), "The Wandering Swordsman" (1970), "King Eagle" (1971) and "The Black Enforcer" (1972).
Return of the Sentimental Swordsman, also known as The Flying Blade, is a 1981 Hong Kong "wuxia" film written and directed by Chor Yuen and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, based on Gu Long's "Xiaoli Feidao" series of novels.
 It stars Ti Lung, Alexander Fu Sheng and Derek Yee.
