The Northwest Montana Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of Montana and is an integral part of the National Bison Range Complex along with four other wildlife refuges and the National Bison Range.
 The district comprises numerous small wetland environments set aside primarily to protect areas for waterfowl.
 The district comprises 14 separate Waterfowl Production Areas (WPA)'s totalling 8452 acre and one 6300 acre conservation easement along the north shores of Flathead Lake.
 Some of the land is located on the Flathead Indian Reservation (known as the Tribal Trust Lands of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes) and they continue to have claim over the land provided they assist in maintaining the resource.
 The Northwest Montana Wetland Management District is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, an agency within the U.S. Department of the Interior.
 The individual lands were acquired beginning in 1970 by purchasing plots from willing landowners, and an ongoing effort to continue to increase area.
The Salish or Séliš language , also known as Kalispel–Pend d'oreille, Kalispel–Spokane–Flathead, or, to distinguish it from the Salish language family to which it gave its name, Montana Salish, is a Salishan language spoken (as of 2005) by about 64 elders of the Flathead Nation in north-central Montana and of the Kalispel Indian Reservation in northeastern Washington state, and by another 50 elders (as of 2000) of the Spokane Indian Reservation of Washington.
 As of 2012, Salish is "critically endangered" in Montana and Idaho according to UNESCO.
The Flathead Indian Reservation, located in western Montana on the Flathead River, is home to the Bitterroot Salish, Kootenai, and Pend d'Oreilles Tribes - also known as the
Polson is a city in Lake County, Montana, United States, on the southern shore of Flathead Lake.
 It is also on the Flathead Indian Reservation.
 The population was 4,488 at the 2010 census.
 It is the county seat of Lake County.
 The city was named after pioneer rancher David Polson.
Luana K. Ross (born 1957) is a Native American sociologist of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes, located at Flathead Indian Reservation in Montana.
 She received her bachelor's degree from the University of Montana in 1979, and her doctorate from the University of Oregon in 1992.
 Since 1999 she has been a faculty member for the department of Women Studies at the University of Washington.
 She is also an Adjunct Professor in American Indian Studies at the University of Washington.
 She is the co-director of the Native Voices Graduate Program.
 She previously served as faculty at the University of California at Davis and UC Berkeley.
 In January 2010, she was appointed to be president of Salish Kootenai College, effective in July of that year.
 She resigned from the position in 2012.
Wild Horse Island is the largest island on Flathead Lake, the largest freshwater lake in Montana.
 For centuries, the Salish-Kootenai used the island, approximately 2164 acre in size, in order to pasture horses and keep them from being stolen by other tribes.
 The island was part of the Flathead Indian Reservation from the time of its creation in 1872 up until its dismantlement in 1904, when the island was divided into individual plots of land.
 A number of attempts were made on the island towards agricultural development, but none succeeded.
Melita Island is a 64 acre island in Flathead Lake, the largest freshwater lake in Montana.
 It is part of the Flathead Indian Reservation.
The Flathead Valley, located in Northwestern Montana, is a region of the U.S. state of Montana.
 It includes Flathead County, and part of Lake County.
 Notable towns include Bigfork, Kalispell, Columbia Falls, Polson, and Whitefish.
 The geography of the Flathead roughly corresponds to the valley where Flathead Lake is located.
 In addition to the lake, the area's proximity to attractions such as Glacier National Park and Whitefish Mountain Resort have made the area a major resort destination.
 Many outdoor activities can be pursued there such as hiking, backpacking, rafting, canoeing, skiing, hunting, and some of the best trout fishing in the world.
 The Flathead Valley is also home to a portion of the Flathead Indian Reservation.
Montana Highway 35 is an approximately 51 mi state highway in the west of the US state of Montana.
 It begins at U.S. Route 93 in Polson in the Flathead Indian Reservation and ends at U.S. Route 2 in Evergreen, the eastern portion of the city of Kalispell.
 As well as serving the townships along the eastern shore of Flathead Lake, it also acts like an alternative route of U.S. Route 93 between Polson and Kalispell and is the terminus for both Highways 82 and 83.
Ronan (Salish: ocqʔetkʷ) is a city in Lake County, Montana, United States.
 It lies on the Flathead Indian Reservation about 12 miles south of Flathead Lake in the northwestern part of the state.
 The population was 1,871 at the 2010 census.
