The council of Nine Men was a citizens board and a form of representational democracy in New Netherland.
 It replaced the previous councils, the Twelve Men and the Eight Men.
 Members of the council were elected in 1647, 1649, 1650 and 1652.
 On July 26, 1649, eleven current and former members of the board signed the "Petition of the Commonality of New Netherland", which requested that the States General take action to encourage economic freedom and force local government like that in the Netherlands, removing the colony from the control of the Dutch West India Company.
 It became the basis for the municipal government when the city of New Amsterdam received its charter in 1653.
'Thomas or Tomys Swartwout (June 1, 1607, Groningen – 1660, Beverwijck) was one of the earliest importers of tobacco from New Netherland to Western and northern Europe, one of earliest settlers of New Netherland (present day United States), and a founder of Midwood (originally Midwout), Brooklyn, New York.
The English Neighborhood was the colonial-era name for the towns in eastern Bergen County, New Jersey, along the Hudson Palisades between the North River (Hudson River) and the Hackensack River, particularly around its main tributary, Overpeck Creek.
 The region had been part of the Dutch New Netherland colony of Bergen, whose main town was located at Bergen Square in today's Jersey City.
 The name speaks to the geography of the region, "bergen" being the Dutch word for "hills."
 Earlier attempts at settlement at Achter Col ("behind the ridge") and Vriessendael had been compromised in conflicts with the precolonial population, phratries of the Lenape known by their exonyms, the Hackensack and the Tappan.
The Council of Twelve Men was a group of 12 men, chosen on 29 August 1641 by the residents of New Netherland to advise the Director of New Netherland, Willem Kieft, on relations with the Native Americans due to the murder of Claes Swits.
 Although the council was not permanent, it was the first representational form of democracy in the Dutch colony.
 The next two councils created were known as the Eight Men and the Nine Men
The Rumanchenank were a Lenape people who inhabited the region radiating from the Palisades in New York and New Jersey at the time of European colonialization in the 17th century.
 Settlers to the provincial colony of New Netherland called them the "Haverstroo" meaning "oat straw", which became "Haverstraw" in English, and still used to describe part of their territory.
Kieft's War, also known as the Wappinger War, was a conflict (1643–1645) between settlers of the nascent colony of New Netherland and the native Lenape population in what would later become the New York metropolitan area of the United States.
 It is named for Director-General of New Netherland Willem Kieft, who had ordered an attack without approval of his advisory council and against the wishes of the colonists.
 Dutch soldiers attacked Lenape camps and massacred the native inhabitants, which encouraged unification among the regional Algonquian tribes against the Dutch, and precipitated waves of attacks on both sides.
 This was one of the earliest conflicts between Native Americans and European settlers.
 Displeased with Kieft, the Dutch West India Company recalled him and he died while returning to the Netherlands.
 Peter Stuyvesant succeeded him in New Netherland.
 Because of the continuing threat by the Algonquians, numerous Dutch settlers returned to the Netherlands, and growth of the colony slowed.
Joris Jansen Rapelje (28 April 1604 – 21 February 1662/63) was a member of the Council of Twelve Men in the Dutch West India Company colony of New Netherland.
 He and his wife Catalina (Catalyntje) Trico (1605–1689) were among the earliest settlers in New Netherland.
The territory which would later become the state of New York was settled by European colonists as part of the New Netherland colony (parts of present-day New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Delaware) under the command of the Dutch West India Company in the Seventeenth Century.
 These colonists were largely of Dutch, Flemish, Walloon, and German stock, but the colony soon became a "melting pot."
 In 1664, at the onset of the Second Anglo-Dutch War, English forces under Richard Nicolls ousted the Dutch from control of New Netherland, and the territory became part of several different English colonies.
 Despite one brief year when the Dutch retook the colony (1673–1674), New York would remain an English possession until the American colonies declared independence in 1776.
The Pound Ridge massacre was a battle of Kieft's War that took place in March 1644 between the forces of New Netherland and members of the Wappinger Confederacy at a Wappinger Confederacy village in the present-day town of Pound Ridge, New York.
 A mixed force of 130 Dutch and English soldiers led by Captain John Underhill launched a night attack on the village and destroyed it with fire.
 500 to 700 members of the Wappinger Confederacy were killed while the New Netherland force lost one man killed and fifteen wounded.
 More casualties were suffered in this attack than in any other single incident in the war.
 Shortly after the battle several local Wappinger Confederacy sachems sued for peace.
The Holland Society of New York was founded in New York City in 1885 to collect information respecting the settlement and history of New Netherland.
 Its main objective is to find and preserve documentation about the inhabitants' lives and times so as to elucidate the political, social, and religious patterns in the Dutch colony.
 The society sponsors historical publications, and provides resources for family studies and genealogy.
 Many of its members are especially active in genealogical research and publication.
 The Holland Society originated the New Netherland Project, which is translating and publishing the 17th-century records held by the New York State Archives.
 Among other current sponsorships are The Papers of Jacob Leisler Project and Records of the Translations of the Reformed Protestant Dutch Church of Flatbush, Kings County, New York.
