The Father-Thing is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Gollancz in 1989 and reprints Volume III of "The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick".
 It had not previously been published as a stand-alone volume.
 Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "If", "Science Fiction Adventures", "Science Fiction Stories", "Orbit", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Future", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Beyond Fantasy Fiction", "Satellite", "Science Fiction Quarterly" and "Imaginative Tales".
The Philip K. Dick Reader is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1997.
 Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "If", "Science Fiction Adventures", "Science Fiction Stories", "Orbit", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Future", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Beyond Fantasy Fiction", "Satellite", "Imaginative Tales", "Fantastic Universe" and "Space Science Fiction".
 It is identical in content and order to the edition of volume 3 of the Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick produced by the same publisher apart from the substitution of three stories in positions 21-23 of 24 and the omission of the end notes in the Collected Stories edition.
 At press time, stories 21 and 24 had already been made into successful movie adaptations and stories 22 and 23 had been optioned.
Second Variety is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1991 and reprints Volume III of "The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick" with the addition of the story "Second Variety".
 Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "If", "Science Fiction Adventures", "Science Fiction Stories", "Orbit", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Future", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Beyond Fantasy Fiction", "Satellite", "Science Fiction Quarterly", "Imaginative Tales" and "Space Science Fiction".
The Philip K. Dick Award is a science fiction award given annually at Norwescon sponsored by the Philadelphia Science Fiction Society and (since 2005) supported by the Philip K. Dick Trust, and named after science fiction and fantasy writer Philip K. Dick.
 It has been awarded since 1983, the year after Dick's death.
 Works that have received the award are identified on their covers as "Best Original SF Paperback".
 They are awarded to the best original paperback published each year in the US.
Selected Stories of Philip K. Dick is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Random House in 2002.
 Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "Planet Stories", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Space Science Fiction", "Astounding", "Beyond Fantasy Fiction", "Orbit", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Fantastic Universe", "Amazing Stories", "Rolling Stone College Papers", "Omni" and "Playboy".
Robots, Androids, and Mechanical Oddities: The Science Fiction of Philip K. Dick is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by the Southern Illinois University Press in 1984 and was edited by Patricia S. Warrick and Martin H. Greenberg.
 The stories had originally appeared in the magazines "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Space Science Fiction", "Astounding", "Future", "Orbit", "Science Fiction Stories", "Imagination", "Amazing Stories", "Rolling Stone College Papers" and "Playboy".
"Adjustment Team" is a science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published in "Orbit Science Fiction" (September–October 1954, No. 4) with illustration by Faragasso.
 It was later reprinted in "The Sands of Mars and Other Stories" (Australian) in 1958, "The Book of Philip K. Dick" in 1973, "The Turning Wheel and Other Stories" (United Kingdom) in 1977, "The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick" in 1987 (Underwood–Miller), 1988 (Gollancz, United Kingdom), 1990 (Citadel Twilight, United States), "Selected Stories of Philip K. Dick" in 2002 and in "The Early Work of Philip K. Dick, Volume One: The Variable Man & Other Stories" in 2009.
Beyond Lies the Wub is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Gollancz in 1988 and reprints Volume I of "The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick".
 Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Planet Stories", "If", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Space Science Fiction", "Fantastic Story Magazine", "Amazing Stories", "Future", "Cosmos", "Fantasy Fiction", "Beyond Fantasy Fiction", "Thrilling Wonder Stories" and "Startling Stories".
 The collection was reprinted by Citadel Press in 2003 under the title Paycheck and Other Classic Stories.
Allen Drury's "University" series is a trio of novels written by political novelist Allen Drury between 1990 and 1998, which follow a group of university fraternity brothers for a span of over 60 years from 1938 to 2001.
 Drury graduated from Stanford University in 1939, and his experiences there provided the basis for the series.
 The novels are set in a different fictional timeline from Drury's 1959 novel "Advise and Consent", which earned him a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
The Best of Philip K. Dick is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1977.
 Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "Planet Stories", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Space Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Astounding Stories", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Amazing Stories", "Science Fiction Stories" and "Startling Stories", as well as the anthologies "Dangerous Visions" and "Star Science Fiction Stories No.3".
