Jap Herron: A Novel Written From The Ouija Board was a novel first published in 1917 claimed to be authored by Mark Twain 7 years after his death.
 The book was transcribed by Emily Grant Hutchings who claimed to have had the novel dictated to her from beyond the grave by the deceased Mark Twain through use of a Ouija board.
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (or, in more recent editions, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn) is a novel by Mark Twain, first published in the United Kingdom in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885.
 Commonly named among the Great American Novels, the work is among the first in major American literature to be written throughout in vernacular English, characterized by local color regionalism.
 It is told in the first person by Huckleberry "Huck" Finn, a friend of Tom Sawyer the narrator of two other Twain novels ("Tom Sawyer Abroad" and "Tom Sawyer, Detective").
 It is a direct sequel to "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer".
The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today is a novel by Mark Twain and Charles Dudley Warner first published in 1873.
 It satirizes greed and political corruption in post–Civil War America in the era now referred to as the Gilded Age.
 Although not one of Twain's best-known works, it has appeared in more than one hundred editions since its original publication.
 Twain and Warner originally had planned to issue the novel with illustrations by Thomas Nast.
 The book is remarkable for two reasons–-it is the only novel Twain wrote with a collaborator, and its title very quickly became synonymous with graft, materialism, and corruption in public life.
The Prince and the Pauper is a novel by American author Mark Twain.
 It was first published in 1881 in Canada, before its 1882 publication in the United States.
 The novel represents Twain's first attempt at historical fiction.
 Set in 1547, it tells the story of two young boys who are identical in appearance: Tom Canty, a pauper who lives with his abusive father in Offal Court off Pudding Lane in London, and Prince Edward, son of King Henry VIII.
The use of the pen name of Mark Twain first occurred in Samuel Clemens's writing while in the Nevada Territory which he had journeyed to with his brother.
 Clemens/Twain lived in Nevada from 1861-1864, and visited the area twice after leaving.
 Historians such as Peter Messent see Clemens's time in Nevada as "the third major formative period of Mark Twain's career" (after his time in Hannibal and upon the Mississippi), due to his encounters with "writers and humorists who would both shape and put the finishing touches on his literary art."
 The "Routledge Encyclopedia of Mark Twain" states that despite the few "disagreeable experiences" he had there, Twain "thrived in Nevada."
 Among those things he learnt was "how far he could push a joke" a lesson learnt from some "disagreeable experiences" he brought upon himself.
Isaiah Sellers (ca. 1802–1864) was the riverboat captain from whom Samuel L. Clemens claimed to have appropriated the pen-name Mark Twain.
 The story of how Clemens started to use the name is told in chapter 50 of "Life on the Mississippi" and is summarized in the main article on Mark Twain.
 He allegedly wrote articles for the "New Orleans Daily Picayune".
 Since there are a few problems with the chronology of Sellers' death and Clemens' first use of the name, the story is not accepted uncritically by Twain scholars.
 Captain Isaiah Sellers is buried at Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis, Missouri.
Is He Dead?
 is a play by Mark Twain.
 Written by Twain in 1898, it was first published in print in 2003, after Mark Twain scholar Shelley Fisher Fishkin read the manuscript in the archives of the Mark Twain Papers at the University of California at Berkeley.
 The play was long known to scholars but never attracted much attention until Fishkin arranged to have it published in book form.
 She later played a primary role in getting the play produced on Broadway.
 Contemporary American playwright David Ives adapted the play for the modern stage before its inaugural performance in 2007.
 "Is He Dead?"
 is now published and licensed for theatrical use by Playscripts, Inc.
A Tramp Abroad is a work of travel literature, including a mixture of autobiography and fictional events, by American author Mark Twain, published in 1880.
 The book details a journey by the author, with his friend Harris (a character created for the book, and based on his closest friend, Joseph Twichell), through central and southern Europe.
 While the stated goal of the journey is to walk most of the way, the men find themselves using other forms of transport as they traverse the continent.
 The book is the third of Mark Twain's five travel books and is often thought to be an unofficial sequel to the first one, "The Innocents Abroad".
Mark Twain: Words & Music is a double-CD produced by Grammy Award-winner Carl Jackson, a Bluegrass and Country music artist, as a benefit for the Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum, a non-profit foundation in Hannibal, Missouri.
 The project tells the life story of Mark Twain (Samuel Clemens) in spoken word and song and features many well-known artists.
 "Run Mississippi" by Rhonda Vincent reached #2 on the Bluegrass Today charts the same week that "Comet Ride" by Ricky Skaggs reached #7.
 The album was released on September 21, 2011 and is the most downloaded Americana album of all time on AirPlay Direct, an online music source for radio stations, with more than 7,000 downloads its first year.
Shohola Falls is a 2003 novel written by Michael Pearson.
 The novel imagines the true story of Thomas Blankenship, the young man that Mark Twain reputedly based the character of Huck Finn upon in his novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
 In "Shohola Falls", Mark Twain is set as an important character, the fictional reality aligned to the historical one.
