Carry the Banner is the third EP by the Berkeley, California-based punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.
 Originally released on 10" vinyl in December 1994 through Too Many Records, the EP was reissued on CD by Lookout Records shortly after as the initial vinyl pressing sold out quickly.
 It was the group's first release to feature Jason White on guitar/vocals, replacing Sarah Kirsch, who left the band in 1994 due to differences with Billie Joe Armstrong after his main band Green Day signed to major label Reprise Records.
Push The Beat For This Jam (The Singles 98-02), alternatively titled Push The Beat For This Jam (The Second Chapter), is the second singles compilation from the German techno band Scooter, released on 7 January 2002.
 It collects all the singles from 1998–2002, plus three new tracks "Habanera", "No Pain, No Gain", "Loud And Clear" and hit single "The Logical Song".
 It also includes some live tracks, B-sides and remixes.
 The title is a lyric from the single "Call Me Mañana".
 The song Habanera was also scheduled to be released as a single but there is only a promo release as it was dropped in favour of a new song "Nessaja".
V.S. Kumar Anandan was a Guinness World Records holder.
 His one of many records include Swimming the Palk Strait, from Sri Lanka to India and back in 51 hours, in the year 1971.
 Once he met with a motor vehicle accident and was hospitalized for six months.
 While attempting to swim the English Channel on August 6, 1984 he collapsed and died due to heavy currents.
 Kumar Anandan held the maximum number of Individual Guinness Records at a point in time which included Non-Stop Water treading (80 hours at Chennai), Standing on one leg for 33 hours, Non-Stop dancing, Ball punching for 136 hours, etc.
Very Small Records is an independent record label, formed in 1989 by David Hayes, co-founder and former co-owner of Lookout Records.
 The name of the label was changed to Too Many Records around 1994, but was changed back around 1997.
 The label terminated in 2003.
Sincerely Yours is the fifth studio album by Dutch girl group Luv', released in 1991 by the labels RCA Records/BMG.
 It includes the singles Hasta Mañana, Jungle Jive, He's My Guy (a minor hit song) and The Last Song.
 This opus features a new group's member Carina Lemoine who replaced Michelle Gold.
Amen!
 is the second album by singer and actress Della Reese.
 The album was her second record for Jubilee Records, and her first of many records dedicated solely to sacred and spiritual material.
 The album features background vocals by the Meditation Singers, which she had been a part of in the early ’50s.
 The album also features vocals by the then unknown singer Laura Lee, who had incidentally replaced Reese in the group, when she left in 1953.
"Ajax Hup Hup Hup" is a Levenslied song by Tante Leen which was released on His Master's Voice in 1966.
 It is dedicated to Tante Leen's hometown association football club AFC Ajax from Amsterdam.
 The song is the A-side to the record "Ajax Hup Hup Hup / Mijn man is Ajaxied" which was released as a 7"-single.
 The song is the first of many records Tante Leen has released and dedicated to her favorite football club throughout the span of her career.
"Ajax" is a Levenslied song by Tante Leen which was released on Imperial Records in 1969.
 It is dedicated to Tante Leen's hometown association football club AFC Ajax from Amsterdam.
 The song is the A-side to the record "Ajax / Ik krijg de kriebels" (English: I get the jitters) which was released as a 7"-single.
 The record features guest vocal by the men's choir "GETEA" under guidance of W. Rietveld.
 The song is one of many records Tante Leen has released and dedicated to her favorite football club throughout the span of her career.
El Meneo de la mañana, commonly known as El Meneo, is a morning radio show that began in Puerto Rico's west coast at a station then known as Cosmos 94.
 Not at all surprising many of the island's top radio performers began their careers here.
 Among the most popular radio talents to have participated in this morning show were: Antonio Sanchez (el gangster), José Vallenilla (Funky Joe), Luis Antonio Shanom (Shanom), the DJs Known as Red Shadow and Frankie Jay, Also Raulito Carbonell, Víctor Pagán, Gilbert Merle and also Erick Williams in the early stages.
 El Meneo later was taken to WCMN-FM (Delta 107.3 FM Actually known as [Toca De To' 107.3 FM]http://www.tocadeto.com) by Shanom where he hooked up with Santos Rodriguez (Dusty) and later with his former radio partner Gilbert Merle.
 This team of Shanom and Gilbert Merle established a few records that still hold to this day and gained recognition internationally.
 At WCMN El Meneo became the first truly interactive electronic radio show.
 This show became the first ever to be broadcast outside of the island and to the US mainland.
 "El Meneo" ran until 2004.
 It was Puerto Rico's longest running modern morning show and has been credited by having established the formula for Latin morning radio.
 Many if not all the DJ's that formed part of this show are still some of the most recognized radio talents in the island.
"Call Me Mañana" is a song by German group Scooter.
 It was released in January 1999 as the third and final single from the 1998 album "No Time to Chill".
 The melodic theme of the track is a sample from L.A. Style's 1991 single "James Brown Is Dead".
