Mar del Plata is an Argentine city in the southeast part of Buenos Aires Province located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean.
 It is the head of General Pueyrredón Partido.
 Mar del Plata is the second largest city in Buenos Aires Province.
 The name "Mar del Plata" has the meaning of "sea of the Silver region" or "adjoining sea to the (River) Silver region".
 Mar del Plata is one of the major fishing ports and the biggest seaside beach resort in Argentina.
Villa Galicia is a small city in the state/region of Buenos Aires, Argentina which is located in the continent/region of South America.
 It was named after Galicia (Spain).
The II Antofagasta Region (Spanish: "II Región de Antofagasta" ] ) is one of Chile's fifteen first-order administrative divisions.
 It comprises three provinces, Antofagasta, El Loa and Tocopilla.
 It is bordered to the north by Tarapacá and by Atacama to the south and is the second-largest region of Chile.
 To the east it borders Bolivia and Argentina.
 The capital of the region is the port city of Antofagasta, another important city being Calama.
 The main economic activity is copper mining in the giant porphyry copper systems located inland.
The City of the Caesars (Spanish Ciudad de los Césares), also variously known as "City of Patagonia", "the Wandering City", "Trapalanda" or "Trapananda", "Lin Lin" or "Elelín", is a mythical city of South America.
 It was supposedly located somewhere in Patagonia, in a valley of the Andes between Chile and Argentina.
 Despite being searched for during the colonization of South America, no evidence proves that it ever existed, although reports of it circulated for two hundred years.
 In 1766 a Jesuit, Father José García Alsue, explored the area now part of Queulat National Park in Aysén Region, Chile, searching unsuccessfully for the City of the Caesars.
The National University of Central Buenos Aires ("Universidad Nacional del Centro de Buenos Aires") is a public institution of higher learning located in Tandil, a city in the central region of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
 It was founded in 1974 as part of University of Buenos Aires Professor Alberto Taquini's plan to geographically diversify Argentina's National University system.
Rivadavia is a department of the province of San Juan (Argentina).
 Located in the central southern part of Argentina, in the northeast section of the Valle del Tulum The city of San Juan is located in the west of this region, which is part of the conurbation, Grand San Juan.
 It is the capital city of the department of the same name, and is the government seat.
 It has various municipal edifices, including the police headquarters, and an important hospital, Marcial Quiroga.
San Miguel de Tucumán (usually called simply Tucumán) is the capital of the Tucumán Province, located in northern Argentina 1311 km from Buenos Aires.
 It is the fifth-largest city of Argentina after Buenos Aires, Córdoba, Rosario and Mendoza and the most important of the northern region.
 The Spanish Conquistador founded the city in 1565 in the course of an expedition from present-day Peru.
 Tucumán moved to its present site in 1685.
Tunuyán is a city in the west of the province of Mendoza, Argentina, located on the western shore of the Tunuyán River, 80 km south from the provincial capital Mendoza and 100 km east of the Chilean border.
 It has 49,132 inhabitants, and is the head town of the Tunuyán Department.
 Along with the Tupungato Department and the San Carlos Department it makes up the "Valle de Uco" region, which is famous in the Argentine wine industry for its important and modern vineyards and wineries.
 Investments sine the millennium, attracted by the climate, soil, and altitude combination, have transformed the area, making it one of Argentina's most important regions when it comes to high-quality wine production and its associated connoisseur-driven enotourism.
Los Andes, founded in July 31, 1791 as Santa Rosa de Los Andes, is a Chilean city and commune located in the province of the same name, in Valparaíso Region ("Fifth Region" of Chile).
 It lies on the route between Santiago and Chile's primary border crossing with Argentina by way of the summit of the Uspallata Pass in the Andes mountain range.
The Paso de Los Patos "(Passage of the Ducks)" is an Andine mountain pass between Argentina and Chile, used by the main column of the Army of the Andes to cross the Andes in early 1817, in order to liberate Chile from Spain.
 It is located to the interior of the town of Putaendo, to the north of the city of San Felipe, Valparaíso Region, Chile, and framed by the imposing Valle de Los Patos Sur (Southern Valley of Ducks), SW of the Province of San Juan, Argentina.
 Other names are used for the same pass: the passages of Llaretas, Ortiz, the Honda and the Valle Hermoso.
