Jens Håkan Schleimann-Jensen, known as Jens S. Jensen (25 May 1946 – 1 July 2015) was a Swedish photographer and writer.
 He is mainly known for his depictions of working class life in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Vladimir Valentinovich Menshov (Russian: Влади́мир Валенти́нович Меньшо́в ; born 17 September 1939 in Baku) is a Soviet and Russian actor and film director.
 He is noted for depicting the Russian everyman and working class life in his films.
 Like many other Russian filmmakers, he studied acting and directing at the state film school VGIK, the world's oldest educational institution in cinematography.
 Although his output as an actor outnumbers his output as a director, he is best known for the five films he directed, the most famous of which is the 1979 melodrama "Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears", which won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Actress Vera Alentova, who starred in the film, is the mother of Vladimir Menshov's daughter Yuliya Menshova.
James Lennox Kerr (1 July 1899 – 11 March 1963) was a Scottish socialist author noted for his children's stories written under the pseudonym of "Peter Dawlish".
 He lived in Paisley until 1915, joined the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve by claiming to be 18, then served on merchant ships until 1929.
 After spending some time in Australia and America (his first book, for adults, "Back Door Guest", described life as a hobo in USA and Canada, and is full of social comment which was then controversial) he settled in Pimlico in 1930, marrying Elizabeth "Mornie" Birch of Penwith, Cornwall (daughter of John "Lamorna" Birch the RA painter) in 1932.
 These details are in his autobiography (Kerr 1940).
 He wrote 32 books for children, most with a nautical theme and 23 books for adults, many commenting on working class life in Scotland, America and Australia.
 He served on minesweepers in World War II, assisted at Omaha beach, and was Mentioned In Despatches.
 As an author he used, in addition to his own name, the pseudonyms "Douglas Gavin" for adult books and "Peter Dawlish" for children's books after 1938 (Bigger, 2007).
Letter to Brezhnev is a 1985 British romantic comedy film about working class life in contemporary Liverpool.
 It was written by Frank Clarke and directed by Chris Bernard.
 It starred Alexandra Pigg, Margi Clarke, Alfred Molina, Peter Firth and Tracy Marshak-Nash (credited as Tracy Lea).
 "Letter To Brezhnev" presents Margaret Thatcher's high-unemployment Liverpool as a dangerous and near hopeless city.
Louis Guilloux (15 January 1899 – 14 October 1980) was a French writer born in Saint-Brieuc, Brittany, where he lived throughout his life.
 He is known for his Social Realist novels describing working class life and political struggles in the mid-twentieth century.
 His best-known book is "Le Sang noir" (Blood Dark), which has been described as a "prefiguration of Sartre's "La Nausée"."
Richard Cameron is an English playwright from Doncaster (born (1948--)16 1948 ).
 His themes are Northern post-industrial society, working class life, tough women and violent men.
 Cameron's plays include "Pond Life" (1992), "Not Fade Away" (1993), "The Mortal Ash" (1994), "All of You Mine" (1996), "The Glee Club" (2002), "Gong Donkeys" (2004), "Flower Girls" (2007), and "Can't Stand Up For Falling Down".
Walter Frederick Osborne (17 June 1859 – 24 April 1903) was an Irish impressionist and Post-Impressionism landscape and portrait painter, best known for his documentary depictions of late 19th century working class life.
 Most of his paintings are figurative and focus on women, children, the elderly, the poor, and the day-to-day life of ordinary people on Dublin streets, as well as series of rural scenes.
 He also produced city-scapes, which he painted from both sketches and photographs.
 A prolific artist, he produced oils, watercolours, and numerous pencil sketches.
Stanley Aronowitz (born January 6, 1933) is a professor of sociology, cultural studies, and urban education at the CUNY Graduate Center.
 He is also a veteran political activist and cultural critic, an advocate for organized labor and a member of the interim consultative committee of the International Organization for a Participatory Society.
 In 2012, Aronowitz was awarded the Center for Study of Working Class Life's Lifetime Achievement Award at Stony Brook University.
Harold Edwin Standish (24 September 1919 – 15 April 1972) was a Canadian poet and novelist, best known for his 1949 novel "The Golden Time" and his long poem "The Lake of Souls" (1957).
 A significant Canadian modernist along with the likes of Earle Birney, Douglas LePan, and Sheila Watson, Standish was known for his experiments with literary form and skeptical views of Canadian nationalism at a time, during the 1950s and 60s, when many Canadians sought to establish a distinctive literary tradition for Canada.
 Largely forgotten in recent years, his work remains significant for its vivid evocations of working class life in rural Southern Ontario.
Mario Suárez (1925–1998) was one of the earliest Chicano writers.
 He was one of five children born to Mexican immigrants to the U.S. state of Arizona Francisco Suárez and Carmen Minjárez Suárez.
 After high school, he joined the U.S. Navy and served during World War II.
 In the military, he was stationed off the coast of New Jersey, and also served in Brazil.
 After the war, he returned to Arizona where he enrolled in the University of Arizona.
 In 1947, while still an undergraduate, he began writing sketches for "Arizona Quarterly" magazine.
 Suárez later went on to become a journalist and a college educator, and publishing in "Arizona Quarterly".
 Most of Suárez's literature takes place in "El Hoyo" (The Hole), the name of the Mexican American barrio in Tucson, Arizona, where he was raised.
 Often overlooked in the "canon" of Chicano Literature for writers such as Rudolfo Anaya and Rolando Hinojosa-Smith, Mario Suárez's writing pre-dates the Chicano literature movement in the '60s and '70s.
 Many of his sketches of immigrant and working class life were published in the mid- to late-1950s.
 From an anthropological standpoint, his work should be heralded for telling the immigrant story and documenting life in El Hoyo before its demise.
