Eugene Schuyler (Ithaca, New York, February 26, 1840 – Venice, Italy, July 16, 1890) was a nineteenth-century American scholar, writer, explorer and diplomat.
 Schuyler was one of the first three Americans to earn a Ph.D. from an American university; and the first American translator of Ivan Turgenev and Lev Tolstoi.
 He was the first American diplomat to visit Russian Central Asia, and as American Consul General in Constantinople he played a key role in publicizing Turkish atrocities in Bulgaria in 1876 during the April Uprising.
 He was the first American Minister to Romania and Serbia, and U.S. Minister to Greece.
Thomas Joseph O'Malley (October 15, 1915 – November 6, 2009), better known as T. J. O'Malley, was an Irish-American aerospace engineer who, as chief test conductor for the Convair division of General Dynamics, was responsible for pushing the button on February 20, 1962 launching the Mercury-Atlas 6 space flight carrying astronaut John Glenn, the first American in orbit.
 Five years later, NASA asked North American Aviation to hire him as director of launch operations to help get the Apollo program back on track after the Apollo 1 command module fire on the launch pad killed three astronauts.
 O'Malley continued to play a leadership role in the United States' space program through the first space shuttle launch in 1981.
First American is a fictional character, a satirical superhero created by Alan Moore with Jim Baikie for his Wildstorm imprint America's Best Comics, appearing in the anthology series "Tomorrow Stories".
 The First American's first appearance was in "Tomorrow
"In Memory of Elizabeth Reed" is a song by the American group the Allman Brothers Band.
 It first appeared on their second studio album, "Idlewild South" (1970), released on Capricorn Records.
 The song—a jazz-influenced instrumental—was written by guitarist Dickey Betts, among his first songwriting credits for the group.
 Betts named the song after a headstone he saw in Rose Hill Cemetery in the band's hometown of Macon, Georgia.
 Multiple versions of the song have been recorded, with the version performed on the group's 1971 live album "At Fillmore East" generally considered the definitive rendition.
The Relay program consisted of Relay 1 and Relay 2, two early American satellites in elliptical Low Earth orbit.
 Both were primarily experimental communications satellites funded by NASA and developed by RCA.
 As of December 2, 2016, both satellites were still in orbit.
 Relay 1 provided the first American television transmissions across the Pacific Ocean.
The Saturn V (spoken as "Saturn five") was an American human-rated expendable rocket used by NASA between 1967 and 1973.
 The three-stage liquid-fueled super heavy-lift launch vehicle was developed to support the Apollo program for human exploration of the Moon and was later used to launch Skylab, the first American space station.
 The Saturn V was launched 13 times from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida with no loss of crew or payload.
 As of 2017,  the Saturn V remains the tallest, heaviest, and most powerful (highest total impulse) rocket ever brought to operational status, and holds records for the heaviest payload launched and largest payload capacity to low Earth orbit (LEO) of 140000 kg , which included the third stage and unburned propellant needed to send the Apollo Command/Service Module and Lunar Module to the Moon.
First American National Bank was a subsidiary of First American National Corporation, a financial institution based in Nashville, Tennessee that served the states of Tennessee, Kentucky, Georgia and Virginia.
 It was headquartered in the First American Center in downtown Nashville.
Jim Betts is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 He ran against incumbent U.S. Senator John Glenn in 1980.
 He lost and ran in 1982 for Lieutenant Governor.
NASA's newest spacecraft, the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle (MPCV), will be the first American spacecraft since Project Apollo to use an escape system in the event of a launch abort, something its predecessor, the Space Shuttle, had for only its first four orbital test flights in 1981-1982.
 Like the Apollo Command-Service Module (CSM), the Orion CEV will use the Launch escape system (LES), a solid-fueled tractor rocket that will be able to pull the Orion crew module away from a malfunctioning Space Launch System (SLS) rocket during the initial launch phase.
 Based on the launch escape system found on the Soviet/Russian Soyuz spacecraft, the LAS, designed and manufactured by ATK for the Orion CEV, will be larger than the Soyuz version and will have more thrust than the Atlas 109-D booster that carried astronaut John Glenn into orbit in 1962.
The International Space Station (ISS) is a space station, or a habitable artificial satellite, in low Earth orbit.
 Its first component launched into orbit in 1998, and the ISS is now the largest human-made body in low Earth orbit and can often be seen with the naked eye from Earth.
 The ISS consists of pressurised modules, external trusses, solar arrays, and other components.
 ISS components have been launched by Russian Proton and Soyuz rockets, and American Space Shuttles.
