Ricardo Antonio Álvarez Arias is the former mayor of Tegucigalpa and the current First Vice President of Honduras.
 He won the 2005 elections and was re-elected on the 2009 elections representing the National Party of Honduras.
 Álvarez ran for the National Party nomination for president, ultimately losing to Juan Orlando Hernández.
 Hernández named him his vice presidential candidate, and together they won the 2013 elections.
The Young Democrats of North Carolina are the official youth arm of the North Carolina Democratic Party (NCDP).
 As an auxiliary organization of the NCDP, the officers of the YDNC serve as part of the State Executive Committee of the NCDP.
 The current executive board consists of President Timothy Webster, Executive Vice President Ebony West, National Committeewoman Bekah Whilden, National Committeeman Colby Moore, Secretary Isaiah Fletcher, Communication's Director Anne Evangelista Piedmont Regional Vice President Dave Wils, Eastern Regional Vice President Wes Tripp, and Western Regional Vice President Khaetlyn Grindell.
The 2012 Democratic presidential primaries and caucuses were the process by which voters of the Democratic Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 U.S. presidential election.
 President Barack Obama won the Democratic Party nomination by securing more than the required 2,383 delegates on April 3, 2012 after a series of primary elections and caucuses.
 He was formally nominated by the 2012 Democratic National Convention on September 5, 2012, in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The 2016 Democratic National Convention was a presidential nominating convention, held at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from July 25 through to July 28, 2016.
 The convention gathered delegates of the Democratic Party, the majority of them elected through a preceding series of primaries and caucuses, to nominate a candidate for president and vice president in the 2016 United States presidential election.
 Former U.S. Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was chosen as the party's nominee for president by a 59.67% majority of delegates present at the convention roll call, defeating primary rival Senator Bernie Sanders, who received 39.16% of votes from delegates, and becoming the first female candidate to be formally nominated for presidential by a major political party in the United States.
 Her running mate, Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia, was confirmed by delegates as the party's nominee for vice president by acclamation.
The 2000 Democratic National Convention was a quadrennial presidential nominating convention for the Democratic Party.
 The convention nominated Vice President Al Gore for President and Senator Joe Lieberman from Connecticut for Vice President.
 The convention was held at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California from August 14 to August 17, 2000.
 Gore accepted the presidential nomination on August 17, the final night of the convention.
 This was the second Democratic National Convention hosted by Los Angeles, the first being in 1960.
The United States 2008 Democratic National Convention was a quadrennial presidential nominating convention of the Democratic Party where it adopted its national platform and officially nominated its candidates for President and Vice President.
 The convention was held in Denver, Colorado, from August 25 to August 28, 2008, at Pepsi Center.
 Senator Barack Obama from Illinois gave his acceptance speech on August 28 at Invesco Field in what the party called an "Open Convention".
 Denver last hosted the Democratic National Convention in 1908.
 Obama became the party's first African-American nominee for President.
 Senator Joe Biden from Delaware was nominated for Vice President.
The Hubert Humphrey presidential campaign of 1968 began when Vice President of the United States Hubert Humphrey of Minnesota decided to seek the Democratic Party nomination for President of the United States following the announcement by President Lyndon B. Johnson that he would not seek the party's nomination.
 Johnson had been stalled by the anti-Vietnam War candidacy of Senator Eugene McCarthy of Minnesota, who along with Senator Robert F. Kennedy of New York, became the main opponents for Humphrey.
 The contest between the men featured a battle for control of the Democratic Party, and cast Humphrey's "old politics", against the "new politics" of McCarthy and Kennedy.
 The main cause of the division was the Vietnam War, which intensified during Humphrey's tenure as Vice President and grew increasingly unpopular.
The 1932 Democratic National Convention was held in Chicago, Illinois June 27 – July 2, 1932.
 The convention resulted in the nomination of Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York for President and Speaker of the House John N. Garner from Texas for Vice President.
 Beulah Rebecca Hooks Hannah Tingley was a member of the Democratic National Committee and Chair of the Democratic Party of Florida.
 She seconded the nomination of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, becoming the first woman to address a Democratic National Convention.
The 1916 Republican National Convention was held in Chicago from June 7 to June 10.
 A major goal of the party's bosses at the convention was to heal the bitter split within the party that had occurred in the 1912 presidential campaign.
 In that year, Theodore Roosevelt bolted the GOP and formed his own political party, the Progressive Party, which contained most of the GOP's liberals.
 William Howard Taft, the incumbent president, won the nomination of the regular Republican Party.
 This split in the GOP ranks divided the Republican vote and led to the election of Democrat Woodrow Wilson.
 Although several candidates were openly competing for the 1916 nomination—most prominently conservative Senator Elihu Root of New York, Senator John W. Weeks of Massachusetts, and liberal Senator Albert Cummins of Iowa—the party's bosses wanted a moderate who would be acceptable to all factions of the party.
 They turned to Supreme Court Justice Charles Evans Hughes, who had served on the court since 1910 and thus had the advantage of not having publicly spoken about political issues in six years.
 Although he had not sought the nomination, Hughes made it known that he would not turn it down; he won the nomination on the third ballot.
 Former Vice-President Charles W. Fairbanks was nominated as his running mate.
 Hughes was the only Supreme Court Justice to be nominated for president by a major political party.
 Fairbanks (as of 2016) was the last former vice president, to be nominated for vice president.
Douglas M. Duncan (born October 25, 1955) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party.
 Duncan served as County Executive of Montgomery County, Maryland from 1994 to 2006.
 Duncan held the office longer than any other county executive in the county's history.
 In 2006, Duncan was a candidate for the Democratic nomination in the Maryland gubernatorial election.
 He abruptly dropped out of the race on June 22, 2006, citing clinical depression, handing the nomination to Baltimore Mayor Martin O'Malley.
 Following his exit from the gubernatorial race, he was appointed Vice President of Administrative Affairs of the University of Maryland, College Park, where he worked for 17 months.
 In 2014 he unsuccessfully ran for his old job as Montgomery County Executive.
 He lost to incumbent Ike Leggett in the Democratic Party primary.
