Mandy Patinkin sings Sondheim is a solo album by Mandy Patinkin, recorded live in concert at Prince Music Theater, Philadelphia in February 2002.
 The music accompaniment was provided by Paul Ford (piano).
 All of the songs of Patinkin's repertoire for this album came from works of Stephen Sondheim.
Joy Franz (born June 13, 1941, Modesto, California) is an American actress and singer, best known for her stage work.
 She played Susan in the original 1972 West End production of Stephen Sondheim's "Company", and the role of Cinderella's Stepmother in the original 1987 Broadway production of Sondheim's "Into the Woods".
The Sondheim Review is a quarterly magazine published in Chicago, United States, since 1994 and, per its tagline, is "Dedicated to the work of the Musical Theatre's foremost composer and lyricist," Stephen Sondheim.
 It is edited by Cincinnati theatre critic Rick Pender, and its editorial board includes theatre columnist John Olson and drama critic Eric Grode.
 Sondheim himself has written occasional short items for the magazine, although he is not formally connected with the magazine in any way.
Ben Wright (born September 3, 1969) is best known for originating the role of "Jack" in the Tony Award-winning musical "Into the Woods".
 Wright's professional acting career started with George C. Wolfe's Off-Broadway production of "Paradise" at Playwrights Horizons.
 He then went on to originate leading roles on Broadway in Stephen Sondheim's "Into The Woods" and the Tony nominated "State Fair", for which he received a Drama Desk Nomination.
 He also created the role of Nanki Poo in Hot Mikado at the Ford's Theater in Washington, D.C. He has worked extensively with some of Broadway’s greatest talents, including Stephen Sondheim, James Lapine, Bernadette Peters, James Hammerstein, Paul Gemignani and Joanna Gleason.
 Wright's feature film credits include the Academy Award winning "Born on the Fourth of July" with Tom Cruise as well as Penny Marshall's "Renaissance Man" with Danny DeVito.
 Wright's television credits include starring opposite Judd Nelson in NBC's "" and the ABC drama series "Capital News" with Lloyd Bridges and Helen Slater.
 Wright has performed at the Tony Awards two times and can be heard on several albums, including the original cast recording of State Fair and the Grammy Award winning recording of "Into the Woods".
Thomas Z. Shepard is a prolific record producer who is best known for his recordings of Broadway musicals, including the works of Stephen Sondheim.
 Shepard is also a composer, conductor, music arranger and pianist.
Six by Sondheim is an HBO television documentary which pays tribute to Broadway composer and lyricist Stephen Sondheim.
 The film was directed and co-produced by James Lapine, based on an idea by Frank Rich and "centers on the backstory of six great Sondheim songs."
Marry Me a Little is a musical with lyrics and music by Stephen Sondheim, conceived by Craig Lucas and Norman René.
 The revue sets songs cut from Sondheim's better-known musicals, as well as songs from his then-unproduced musical "Saturday Night" to a dialogue-free plot about the relationship between two lonely New York single people, who are in emotional conflict during an evening in their separate one-room apartments.
 Despite knowing of the other's existence, they never get up the courage to talk to each other, though they imagine what such an encounter might be like.
Sondheim on Sondheim is a musical revue consisting of music and lyrics written by Stephen Sondheim for his many shows.
 It is conceived and directed by James Lapine.
 The revue had a limited run on Broadway in 2010.
Passion is a one-act musical, with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and a book by James Lapine.
 The story was adapted from Ettore Scola's film "Passione d'Amore", itself adapted from the novel "Fosca" by Iginio Ugo Tarchetti.
 Central themes include love, sex, obsession, illness, passion, beauty, power and manipulation.
 "Passion" is notable for being one of the few projects that Stephen Sondheim himself conceived, along with "Sweeney Todd" and "Road Show".
Steven R. Swayne is a professor of music at Dartmouth College.
 He has authored a study of the music of American musical theater composer Stephen Sondheim and a biography of American composer and educator William Schuman.
 Swayne is a native of Los Angeles, California and is a graduate of John Muir High School and Occidental College.
 He has graduate degrees from Fuller Theological Seminary (MDiv) and the University of California, Berkeley (MA, PhD).
 He has taught at UC Berkeley and at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music, and he has worked as a pianist at Nordstrom.
 He also plays the piano in concerts and has performed with the San Francisco Symphony under the direction of Michael Tilson Thomas.
 He has a Christmas CD called "Holiday Twists" and a CD of the preludes of Frédéric Chopin, Gabriel Fauré, and George Gershwin.
 Steve Swayne is currently music department chair for Dartmouth.
