Pan is a 2015 American family fantasy film directed by Joe Wright and written by Jason Fuchs.
 The film is a prequel story to Scottish author J. M. Barrie's Peter Pan story, first staged in 1904.
 It stars Hugh Jackman, Garrett Hedlund, Rooney Mara and Amanda Seyfried, with Levi Miller as the title character.
 It serves as an alternative origin story for Peter Pan and Captain Hook.
 The film had its world premiere in London, England on September 20, 2015, and was theatrically released in the United States on October 9, 2015, by Warner Bros.
 Pictures.
 "Pan" grossed $128.4 million on a $150 million budget, resulting in losses for Warner Bros.
 It has a 27% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Peter Pan Live!
 is a television special that was broadcast by NBC on December 4, 2014.
 The special featured a live production of the 1954 musical adaptation of "Peter Pan", televised from Grumman Studios in Bethpage, New York, starring Allison Williams in the title role and Christopher Walken as Captain Hook.
Captain James Hook is a fictional character, the antagonist of J. M. Barrie's play "Peter Pan; or, the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up" and its various adaptations, in which he is Peter Pan's archenemy.
 The character is a pirate captain of the brig "Jolly Roger"; Barrie identifies him as Blackbeard's former bo'sun.
 His two principal fears are the sight of his own blood (supposedly an unnatural colour) and the crocodile who pursues him after eating the hand cut off by Pan.
 An iron hook replaced his severed hand, which gave the pirate his name.
 After getting a taste of Hook, the crocodile pursues him relentlessly, but the ticking clock it has swallowed warns Hook of its presence.
Hook is a 1991 American fantasy adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by James V. Hart and Malia Scotch Marmo.
 It stars Robin Williams as Peter Banning / Peter Pan, Dustin Hoffman as Captain Hook, Julia Roberts as Tinker Bell, Bob Hoskins as Smee, Maggie Smith as Wendy, Caroline Goodall as Moira Banning, and Charlie Korsmo as Jack Banning.
 It acts as a sequel to J. M. Barrie's 1911 novel "Peter and Wendy" focusing on an adult Peter Pan who has forgotten all about his childhood.
 In his new life, he is known as Peter Banning, a successful but unimaginative and workaholic corporate lawyer with a wife (Wendy's granddaughter) and two children.
 However, when Captain Hook, the enemy of his past, kidnaps his children, he returns to Neverland in order to save them.
 Along the journey he reclaims the memories of his past.
Peter Pan is a 1924 silent adventure film released by Paramount Pictures, the first film adaptation of the play by J. M. Barrie.
 It was directed by Herbert Brenon and starred Betty Bronson as Peter Pan, Ernest Torrence as Captain Hook, Mary Brian as Wendy, and Virginia Browne Faire as Tinker Bell.
 Anna May Wong, a groundbreaking Chinese-American actress, played the Indian princess Tiger Lily.
Peter Pan; or, the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up or Peter and Wendy is J. M. Barrie's most famous work, in the form of a 1904 play and a 1911 novel.
 Both versions tell the story of Peter Pan, a mischievous yet innocent little boy who can fly, and has many adventures on the island of Neverland that is inhabited by mermaids, fairies, Native Americans and pirates.
 Peter has many stories involving Wendy Darling and her two brothers, his fairy Tinker Bell, the Lost Boys, and the pirate Captain Hook.
 The play and novel were inspired by Barrie's friendship with the Llewelyn Davies family.
 Barrie continued to revise the play for years after its debut until publication of the play script in 1928.
Peter Pan is a 1976 musical adaptation of J. M. Barrie's "Peter Pan, or the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up", produced for television as part of the "Hallmark Hall of Fame", starring Mia Farrow as Peter Pan and Danny Kaye as Captain Hook, and with Sir John Gielgud narrating.
 Julie Andrews sang one of the songs, "Once Upon a Bedtime", off-camera over the opening credits.
 It aired on NBC at 7:30pm on Sunday, December 12, 1976, capping off the program's 25th year on the air.
 The program did not use the score written for the highly successful Mary Martin version which had previously been televised many times on NBC.
 Instead, it featured 14 new and now forgotten songs, written for the production by Anthony Newley and Leslie Bricusse.
 The story was adapted by Andrew Birkin (who would subsequently become a leading Barrie scholar) and Jack Burns.
 Although it was an American production with two American stars, most of the cast was British.
Peter Pan is a 2003 American-British-Australian fantasy adventure film released by Universal Pictures, Columbia Pictures, and Revolution Studios.
 It was the first authorized and faithful film or television adaptation of J.M. Barrie's play "Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up" in half a century, after Disney's version in 1953.
 P. J. Hogan directed a screenplay co-written with Michael Goldenberg which is based on the play and novel by J. M. Barrie.
 Jason Isaacs plays the dual roles of Captain Hook and George Darling, Olivia Williams plays Mrs. Darling, while Jeremy Sumpter plays Peter Pan, Rachel Hurd-Wood plays Wendy Darling, and Ludivine Sagnier plays Tinker Bell.
 Lynn Redgrave plays a supporting role as Aunt Millicent, a new character created for the film.
Peter Pan is a 1950 musical adaptation of J. M. Barrie's play "Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up" with music and lyrics by Leonard Bernstein; it opened on Broadway on April 24, 1950.
 This version starred Jean Arthur as Peter Pan, Boris Karloff in the dual roles of George Darling and Captain Hook, and Marcia Henderson as Wendy.
 The show was orchestrated by Hershy Kay and conducted by Benjamin Steinberg.
 The show ran for 321 performances, closing on January 27, 1951.
Peter Pan and the Pirates is a video game for the NES published by THQ in 1991.
 It was based on the television animated series of the same name.
 The game is also known as "Fox's Peter Pan & The Pirates:" "The Revenge of Captain Hook" and was the first game that THQ released.
