Kaksparsh is a 2012 Indian Marathi period drama film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and produced by Aniruddha Deshpande and Medha Manjrekar.
 The film stars Sachin Khedekar, Priya Bapat, Medha Manjrekar, Savita Malpekar and Ketaki Mategaonkar.
 Based on a short story by Usha Datar by the same name, the film depicts the tumultuous events in a Chitpavan Brahmin family, set around 1930–1950 in Konkan.
 The film was a commercial success and got critical acclaim for its direction, screenplay by Girish Joshi and also for the performances by its actors, especially Khedekar for his portrayal of Hari Damle as a head of the family.
Rajjo is a 2013 Indian romantic musical produced by Four Pillars Entertainment and directed by Sahitya Akademi Award winning writer Vishwas Patil.
 It stars Kangana Ranaut and newcomer Paras Arora in the lead roles and its supporting cast includes Prakash Raj, Mahesh Manjrekar and Jaya Prada.
 The film released in theatres on 15 November 2013.
 The film that earned 2 crores at the domestic box office bore a loss of 10 crores on the venture.
Ready is a 2011 Indian action romantic comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee, starring Salman Khan and Asin in the lead roles.
 It also features Paresh Rawal, Arya Babbar and Mahesh Manjrekar in supporting roles, while Sanjay Dutt, Ajay Devgan, Kangana Ranaut, Zarine Khan and Arbaaz Khan make cameo appearances.
 It is a remake of the 2008 Telugu film, "Ready" directed by Sreenu Vaitla starring Ram and Genelia.
 The songs are composed by Pritam, while the background score is composed by Sandeep Shirodkar.
 The first look was unveiled on 5 April 2011, while the theatrical trailer was released on 15 April 2011.
 The film was released on 3 June 2011.
 Upon release, "Ready" became the second highest opening-day grosser, as well as the second highest weekend grossing Bollywood film, after "Dabangg", another Salman Khan-starrer.
 It holds the record for being second highest grossing Bollywood film of 2011.

Virruddh... Family Comes First (English: "Against") is an Indian Hindi drama film, released in 2005, directed by Mahesh Manjrekar.
 The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Sharmila Tagore, Sanjay Dutt and John Abraham.
 "Viruddh" is not a musical, instead the soundtrack is primarily used as background.
 Marathi movie 'Kokanastha' also written and directed by Mahesh Manjrekar has a similar plot.
"Bodyguard" (Hindi: बॉडीगार्ड ) is a 2011 Indian romantic action film directed by Siddique.
 and produced by Alvira Khan Agnihotri and Atul Agnihotri.
 It features Salman Khan and Kareena Kapoor in the lead roles along with Raj Babbar, Mahesh Manjrekar and Hazel Keech in supporting roles.
 The film was released on Eid, 31 August 2011 across 2,250 screens in 70 Indian cities and with 482 prints across the overseas territory.
Fakta Ladh Mhana is a 2011 multistarrer Marathi action film with lead roles by Aniket Vishwasrao, Siddharth Jadhav, Sanjay Narvekar, Santosh Juvekar, Bharat Jadhav, Mahesh Manjrekar, Sachin Khedekar and Vaibhav Mangle.
 The film is written and produced by Mahesh Manjrekar and is directed by Sanjay Jadhav.
 It is notable for being one of the costliest Marathi film.
It Was Raining That Night is a film simultaneously made in English-Bengali bilingual film.
 Written and directed by Indian actor-director Mahesh Manjrekar, it is a relationship drama.
 The film was notable for being a joint venture production of India,USA and Bangladesh.
 Stars Riaz, Riya Sen, Sushmita Sen, Victor Banerjee, Mahesh Manjrekar, Moon Moon Sen, Dawn Moeller, Stefanie Siegel.
Bodyguard is a 2011 Indian action romantic comedy film co written and directed by Siddique.
 It is a remake of the director's own 2010 Malayalam film of the same name starring Dileep and Nayantara.
 The film was produced by Atul Agnihotri and Alvira Khan Agnihotri it featured Salman Khan and Kareena Kapoor in the lead roles, with Aditya Pancholi in a special appearance and Karisma Kapoor in a voice role.
 It also stars Raj Babbar, Mahesh Manjrekar and Hazel Keech in supporting roles.
 The film's first look and theatrical trailer was unveiled on 21 July 2011.
 "Bodyguard" was released in 3250 theatres worldwide.
Shikshanacha Aaicha Gho is a 2010 Indian Marathi film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar starring Sachin Khedekar, Bharat Jadhav, Saksham Kulkarni, Gauri Vaidya, Siddharth Jadhav and Kranti Redkar.
 The film was released on 15 January 2010.
 Films music composed by trio Ajit-Atul-Sameer.
 After Astitva with 9 years long gap Mahesh Manjrekar directed Marathi film.This film was later remade in Tamil & Telugu as "Dhoni" and in Bengali as "Chalo Paltai" starring Prosenjit Chatterjee.
Bandh Nylon Che (Marathi: बंध नायलॉन चे) is a 2016 Marathi language family drama film directed by Jatin Wagle.Presented by Maharashtra Times & Zero Hits and Produced by Sunil Chandrika Nair and Siji Nair.
 Bandh Nylon Che features an ensemble cast of Mahesh Manjrekar, Medha Manjrekar, Subodh Bhave, Sunil Barve, Shruti Marathe, Sanjay Narvekar and Pranjal Parab in lead roles.
 Mahesh Manjrekar and Medha Manjrekar will be acting together for the very first time on a silver screen and that too in a double role.
 This film is based on an award-winning one-act play by the same name.
