Tan-Badan is a 1986 Bollywood film starring Govinda, Khushboo.
 Although Love 86 and Ilzaam released before this film, this movie is Govinda's debut, directed by his maternal uncle (and his wife's brother-in-law) Anand Singh.
Nirmala Devi, also known as Nirmala Arun (died 1996), was an Indian film actress in the 1940s and a Hindustani classical vocalist of the Patiala Gharana.
 She is the mother of Bollywood actor Govinda.
Coolie No. 1 is a 1995 Indian Hindi comedy film directed by David Dhawan.
 The film stars Karisma Kapoor, Govinda, Shakti Kapoor, Kadar Khan, Sadashiv Amrapurkar with music by Anand-Milind.
 This movie was one of the first successful movie of Karisma Kapoor.
 Actor Govinda received the Star Screen Award Special Jury Award for his role in this movie as 'performer of the decade'.
 Over the years the movie has become a classic in Indian film history and is now considered a cult film.
 The movie is a remake of a 1993 Tamil film "Chinna Mapillai".
Izzatdaar is a 1990 Bollywood film and starring Dilip Kumar, Govinda, Madhuri Dixit, Anupam Kher, Shafi Inamdar and South Indian actor Raghuvaran in his Bollywood film debut.
Raunaq is a 1944 Bollywood film directed by Dwarka Khosla and starring Chandraprabha, Noor Mohammad Charlie (billed as Charlie) and Chandra Mohan, Motilal and Subarnalata Subarnalata.
 It was released in 1944.
Dost (Hindi: दोस्त ; English: Friend ) is a 1944 Bollywood film produced under the banner Navin Pictures, directed by Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
 Kanhaiyalal and Maya Banerjee play the lead with Agha, Himalaya Dasani, Husn Banu, Mirza Musharraf, Motilal, Noor Jehan, Ram Pyari, Shaukat Hussain Rizvi, Sherali and Varmala Kumthekar in the support cast.
 The film song lyrics were written by Shams Lakhnavi with music composed by Sajjad Hussain.
Naach Govinda Naach is a 1992 Bollywood film directed by S.Subhash, and starring Govinda, Mandakini and Raj Kiran.
Vinay Anand (Hindi: विनय आनंद ) is an Indian actor, having featured in around 60 Hindi and Bhojpuri movies.
 Known for his roles in movies like Dil Ne Phir Yaad Kiya, Sautela, Jahan Jaaeyega Hamen Paaeyega, Aamdani Atthani Kharcha Rupaiyaa, Vinay Anand is also related to Bollywood actor Govinda.
Adhyayan Suman (born 13 January 1988) is an Indian actor.
 He is the only son of Alka Suman and Bollywood actor Shekhar Suman.
 He debuted in the Bollywood film industry with "Haal–e–dil".
Geet or The Song is a 1944 Bollywood film.
 Geet was directed by S. U. Sunny and produced by Abdul Rashid Kardar.
 The film starred Shahu Modak, Nirmala Devi, Aamir Ali, Shakir Ali and Chandabai.
 The music for the film was composed by Naushad with lyrics by D. N. Madhok.
