Owens & Minor () is a Fortune 500 company based in Mechanicsville, Virginia, just outside of Richmond.
 Owens & Minor, Inc. is a healthcare logistics company specializing in contracting packages of healthcare products for hospitals.
 Owens and Minor's tagline is "Connecting the World of Medical Products to the Point of Care".
 The company provides supply chain services to healthcare providers and manufacturers of healthcare products, including disposable medical supplies as well as devices and implants.
 Owens and Minor has logistics operations in the United States and Europe, where three quarters of global healthcare spending occurs.
 Owens & Minor’s customers span the healthcare market from independent hospitals to large integrated healthcare networks, as well as group purchasing organizations, healthcare products manufacturers, and the federal government.
 Owens & Minor is headquartered in Mechanicsville, Virginia, and has annualized revenues exceeding $9 billion.
Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products.
 Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide.
 Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications.
 In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.
Cardinal Health, Inc. is a Fortune 500 health care services company based in Dublin, Ohio.
 The company specializes in distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical products, serving more than 100,000 locations.
 The company also manufactures medical and surgical products, including gloves, surgical apparel and fluid management products.
 In addition, it operates the nation’s largest network of radiopharmacies.
 Cardinal Health provides medical products to over 75 percent of hospitals in the United States.
 In December 2013, it was announced that Cardinal Health would team up with CVS Caremark, which would form the largest generic drug sourcing operation in the United States.
 The venture was named Red Oak Sourcing and began operations in July 2014.
Kingstone Companies, Inc., which has its headquarters in Kingston, New York, provides property and casualty insurance products through its subsidiary, Kingstone Insurance Company.
 It places contracts with the third-party licensed premium finance company through its subsidiary Payments, Inc, a NYS licensed Insurance Premium Finance Company.
 Kingstone Insurance Company was ranked #1 of the 81 insurers rated by the Professional Insurance Agents Association in its 2010 Company Performance Survey.
 The company sells insurance products include personal lines of insurance products, general liability policies commercial automobile policies and so on through independent retail and wholesale agents and brokers.
Jonathan M. Ansell (born August 13, 1950 in Binghamton, New York) is an American entrepreneur and CEO in the insurance and insurtech industry.
 Ansell is the founder and CEO of insurtech companies Merlinio Technologies and Merlinio Insurance Services, an online digital insurance agency and technology platform serving the millennial market.
 Before Merlinio, Ansell was a co-founder and CEO of Fusion Company, a global digital merchandising provider that specializes in ancillary products.
 Fusion was created in 2012 after being spun-out of a large international insurance company.
 Previously Ansell was the President, CEO and one of the co-founders of what is now Allianz Global Assistance USA, one of the largest travel insurance companies in the US and American specialty insurer Jefferson Insurance Company.
 He was also a member of the management board of Allianz Global Assistance, formerly Mondial Assistance, an international travel insurance and assistance company based in Paris, France.
Terren Scott Peizer dubbed the "Zelig of Wall Street" is currently the Chairman of his personal Los Angeles-based investment company, Acuitas Group Holdings (AGH), which in turn owns 100% of Crede Capital Group (CCG) which invests in public companies, and provides growth capital to small and medium-sized enterprises.
 Since its inception in June 2009, CCG has provided companies with capital commitments and funding in excess of $1.2 Billion.
 Besides its ownership of Crede Capital, Acuitas Group owns 72% of Catasys, Inc., a provider of proprietary big data based analytics and predictive modeling driven behavioral health management services for health plans; and owns 100% of NeurMedix, Inc., a biotech company that develops and commercializes disease modifying small molecules to treat neuro-degenerative diseases, such as Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, Migraine disease, Huntington’s disease, ALS, MS, Epilepsy, Traumatic Brain Injury, and Retina disease.
 Peizer is Founder, Chairman of the three Acuitas companies, and is CEO of Catasys, Inc. and Crede Capital Group.
 Having developed a bioscience and healthcare expertise, Peizer’s Crede Capital became the largest shareholder in 22nd Century Group, Inc., a public company that is commercializing bio-plant technology to harm-reduce tobacco, creating very low nicotine and very low tar tobacco products which affect levels of addiction and cancer causing carcinogens.
 On October 1, 2015 New England Journal of Medicine published a landmark study on the company’s very low nicotine spectrum cigarettes.
 In October 2014, Peizer and 22nd Century formed a JV to commercialize the company’s products in China with China National Tobacco Company, the largest tobacco company in the world and the largest monopoly in China.
 China represents over 50% of the worldwide tobacco market.
BankUnited, Inc., with total consolidated assets of $27.9 billion at December 31, 2016, is a bank holding company with one wholly owned subsidiary, BankUnited, collectively, the Company.
 BankUnited, a national banking association headquartered in Miami Lakes, Florida, provides a full range of banking services to individual and corporate customers through 94 banking centers located in 15 Florida counties and 6 banking centers in the New York metropolitan area.
 The Bank also provides certain commercial lending and deposit products on a national platform.
 The Company endeavors to provide, through experienced lending and relationship banking teams, personalized customer service and offers a full range of traditional banking products and services to both commercial and retail customers.
Schrödinger, LLC is an American software company that develops chemical simulation software for use in pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and materials science research.
 The company provides products ranging from general molecular modeling programs to a full suite of chemical simulation and drug design software, including ligand- and structure-based methods.
 It also provides products in various research areas, including small molecule modeling and simulations, macromolecular modeling and simulations, lead discovery, lead optimization, and visualization and automation.
 The company’s software helps scientists to accelerate their research and development activities, as well as to make novel discoveries.
 Founded in 1990, Schrödinger is headquartered in New York City, with operations in Oregon, California, Massachusetts, Germany, France, India, the United Kingdom, and Japan.
Clean Power Finance, headquartered in San Francisco, California, is a financial services and software company for the residential solar industry.
 Clean Power Finance operates the CPF Market, an online business-to-business platform that connects institutional investors and lenders with residential solar professionals who need solar finance products to grow their businesses.
 Clean Power Finance provides the solar industry with CPF Tools, a solar sales, quoting and design software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solution: qualified residential solar channel partners access finance products through the software.
 Third-party investors create solar project finance funds; Clean Power Finance provides origination, underwriting and asset management services to the fund investors and markets investor capital to solar professionals as residential finance products, including solar leases and power purchase agreements (PPAs).
Bordan Tkachuk ( ) is a British business executive, the former CEO of Viglen, also known from his appearances on the BBC-produced British version of "The Apprentice," interviewing for his boss Lord Sugar.
