Roland Bugatti (23 August 1922 – 29 March 1977) was a French engineer and automotive industrialist.
 He was one of the three sons of Ettore Bugatti, founder and builder of the car brand Bugatti, and younger brother of Jean Bugatti.
The Pierce-Arrow car brand, produced from 1901 to 1938, was known for having one of the first Town Cars, or open coach designs, beginning in 1905.
 Pierce-Arrow Town Cars were predominantly owned by the very wealthy, including the royal families of Japan, Persia, Saudi Arabia, Greece, and Belgium.
 Town Cars were produced in various models: Brougham Town Car, Metropolitan Town Car and the Limousine Landau Town Car.
Émile Véron (26 March 1925 – 20 November 2013) was a French entrepreneur that created the model car brand Norev with his two brothers, Joseph and Paul, in 1946.
 The name of the company is his name spelled backwards.
Chevrolet ( ), colloquially referred to as Chevy and formally the Chevrolet Division of General Motors Company, is an American automobile division of the American manufacturer General Motors (GM).
 Louis Chevrolet and ousted General Motors founder William C. Durant started the company on November 3, 1911 as the Chevrolet Motor Car Company.
 Durant used the Chevrolet Motor Car Company to acquire a controlling stake in General Motors with a reverse merger occurring on May 2, 1918 and propelled himself back to the GM presidency.
 After Durant's second ousting in 1919, Alfred Sloan, with his maxim "a car for every purse and purpose," would pick the Chevrolet brand to become the volume leader in the General Motors family, selling mainstream vehicles to compete with Henry Ford's Model T in 1919 and overtaking Ford as the best-selling car in the United States by 1929.
The Biham–Middleton–Levine traffic model is a self-organizing cellular automaton traffic flow model.
 It consists of a number of cars represented by points on a lattice with a random starting position, where each car may be one of two types: those that only move downwards (shown as blue in this article), and those that only move towards the right (shown as red in this article).
 The two types of cars take turns to move.
 During each turn, all the cars for the corresponding type advance by one step if they are not blocked by another car.
 It may be considered the two-dimensional analogue of the simpler Rule 184 model.
 It is possibly the simplest system exhibiting phase transitions and self-organization.
DeLaChapelle is a French independent car builder.
 Founded in the early 1970s by Xavier De La Chapelle, a former Venturi director, the brand started as a Bugatti replica maker.
One Step Beyond is the fourth album from Australian heavy metal band Dungeon.
 It was released in Australia in November, 2004 by Metal Warriors and in Japan at the same time by Sound Holic.
 LMP released the album worldwide in February 2005.
 Unlike the albums that preceded and followed it, "One Step Beyond" featured the same artwork and track-listing in all markets where it was released (although the United States version has a different running order).
 The Australian version was to contain covers of "Til the Living End" by Dokken and Queen's "The Hero"
The Amsterdam International Motor Show or AutoRAI was a motor show that took place every two years in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The history of the AutoRAI goes back to 1893 when established "The Bicycle Industry '(RI) First Cycle Exhibition especially with bicycles.
 The first RAI exhibition was organised there in 1895.
 In 1900, the auto industry started to operate in the Netherlands and so the Association Bicycle & Automotive (RAI) was born.
 Prior to 1961, the RAI was situated in a building on the Ferdinand Bolstraat in Amsterdam (the 'Oude RAI') for forty years.
 AutoRAI 2013, which was scheduled to take place in April 2013, was cancelled.
 The organisers made the decision after consultation with the RAI Association and major car brand importers.
 The economic developments in the automotive sector had made it impossible to organise a fully-fledged event.
 The aforementioned parties said they would now focus on possible new setups of the event in the future.
 In addition to AutoRAI, the AutovakRAI 2013 was also cancelled for the same reasons.
 After a 2015 edition was organized, it was announced on August 31th 2015 that the 2017 edition would be cancelled again due to insufficient space reservation by manufacturers.
 According to the RAI press release, it seems that they do not plan to organize any more AutoRAI events.
Leichtbau Maier is a mostly unknown German car brand from the beginning of the twentieth century.
 The engineer Friedrich Eugen Maier from Berlin drafted and built in the 1930s at least one car prototype and succeeded in bringing this vehicle on the road.
Ratna Cafe is a South Indian fast food restaurant chain and F&B services firm, headquartered in Chennai, India.
 It operates restaurants and food courts in Tamil Nadu.
 Originally named Ratna Cafe, it was re-branded as Triplicane Ratna Cafe after the brand started expanding to various parts of Chennai City.
 Ratna Cafe is one of the longest standing restaurants in Chennai, popular for its sambar-idly and unique taste that has been maintained over the years.
