Locust Lake State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on 1089 acre in Ryan Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Locust Lake State Park is located approximately 7 mi north of Pottsville, 3 mi south of Mahanoy City, 8 mi west of Tamaqua and 6 mi west of Tuscarora State Park.
 The lake is 52 acre .
 The park offers hiking, camping, boating, fishing, swimming, biking, and a wide array of other seasonal activities.
Finchampstead is a village and civil parish in the Wokingham Borough of Berkshire, England.
 Its northern extremity is 2 mi south of Wokingham, 5 mi west of Bracknell, 8 mi south-east of Reading, and 33 mi west of Central London.
 It is an affluent area, with the village ranking as Britain's 31st wealthiest.
 It has a high standard of living and is rated as one of the most desirable places to live in the UK.
Canton is a charter township of Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 It is located about 8 mi west of the city limits of Detroit and 8 mi east of the city limits of Ann Arbor.
 As of the 2010 census, the township had a population of 90,173, making it Michigan's second largest township and eleventh largest community.
 Canton is ranked as 96th highest-income place in the United States with a population of 50,000 or more.
 Canton Township is also consistently ranked as one of the safest cities in the United States, as well as in the state of Michigan.
 In 2015, the township was ranked as the 29th safest city in America.
 Canton is one of Michigan's fastest growing communities.
Jeff Horner (born August 1, 1983) is an American former basketball player and current assistant coach for the University of North Dakota.
 He is best known as a point guard for the University of Iowa Hawkeyes basketball team.
 Horner currently holds the University of Iowa career three point record at 232 shots made.
 Horner was born in Mason City, Iowa.
 His father Bob Horner was Mason City High School varsity basketball coach.
 Horner made a verbal commitment to the University of Iowa while in the ninth grade.
 Horner was the head varsity basketball coach at Valley High School in West Des Moines, Iowa from 2010-2014.
 Horner's sister Kristin played basketball for Drake University.
Anthony Avent (born October 18, 1969) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the first round (15th pick overall) of the 1991 NBA Draft.
 Born in Rocky Mount, North Carolina, Avent played for the Milwaukee Bucks, Orlando Magic, Vancouver Grizzlies, Utah Jazz and Los Angeles Clippers in six NBA seasons.
 He played collegiately at Seton Hall University where he played in the 1989 NCAA championship game.
 Prior to Seton Hall, Avent played at Malcolm X Shabazz High School in Newark, New Jersey.
James Blackmon Sr. (born August 7, 1964) is an American basketball coach and former noted college and high school player.
 Blackmon has coached two teams to the class 2A high school basketball championship in Indiana, winning back-to-back titles in 2008 and 2009.
 Blackmon played basketball in college for the University of Kentucky Wildcats.
 As a senior at Marion High School, in Marion, Indiana, Blackmon was runner-up for the award of Indiana Mr. Basketball, won that year by Steve Alford.
 Blackmon was named to the McDonald's All-American and Parade All-American teams in recognition of his high school success.
Presley Askew (November 17, 1909 – February 7, 1994) was an American basketball and baseball coach.
 Overall Askew won 169 games at New Mexico State and Arkansas and had an overall record of 509–312 in all high school and college coaching.
 Born in Red Oak, Oklahoma, Askew played basketball and graduated from Red Oak High School in 1926.
 He played for and graduated from Eastern Oklahoma State College, and eventually Oklahoma State University in 1930.
 He began coaching at Fanshawe Public School and became head varsity coach in 1932.
 In 1937 Askew moved to his hometown Red Oak High School to coach and was there until 1942 when he moved on to Van Buren High School in Arkansas.
 Askew's teams at Van Buren were very competitive and went to the state championship tournaments.
Weldon Drew (born April 22, 1935) was the head men's basketball coach at New Mexico State University from 1979 to 1985.
 He was named to the position in 1979 as the successor to Ken Hayes who left to become head coach at Oral Roberts University.
 Drew was previously an assistant coach for New Mexico State University from 1975 to 1979.
 Drew came to NMSU after coaching high school basketball for Houston's Kashmere High School (485-135 record in 18 seasons), where he left with a 78-game winning streak after winning two consecutive Texas 4A state championships and the high school national championship.
 Drew also won national coach of the year in 1975.
 The NMSU job was Drew's first head coaching position at the college level.
 Drew was the 20th person to hold the head coaching position in the Aggie basketball history.
 After a dismal 1984-85 season, Drew was fired.
 He then went to be an assistant coach at Oklahoma State for two seasons.
 In 1987 Drew became the head coach at traditionally-black Langston University in Oklahoma.
 Drew graduated from Fisk University in 1957 after a standout career playing basketball.
 Drew graduated high school and played basketball at Wheatley High School in Houston.
Larry Haskell Friend (April 14, 1935 – February 27, 1998) was an American National Basketball Association (NBA) player.
 Friend was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois and played basketball at Marshall High School in Chicago.
 However, he moved to Los Angeles, California before his senior year and played basketball at Fairfax High School.
 Friend first played college basketball at Los Angeles City College, where he was named an All-American Junior College.
 He then transferred to the University of California, where he was a three-year starter.
 He averaged 19.1 points per game his senior season and was also named to the AP All-American third team.
 Friend was drafted with the fifth pick in the second round of the 1957 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks.
 In his one season with the Knicks, Friend averaged 4.0 points, 2.4 rebounds, and 1.1 assists per game.
 In 1961-62 Friend returned to professional basketball to play for the Los Angeles Jets in the American Basketball League.
 He appeared in thirty-nine games for the Jets and averaged 11.0 points and 3.7 rebounds per game, while also leading the league in three-point shooting (58-163).
 Due to financial problems, the Jets folded midway through their first season.
 Following his playing career, Friend owned an investment business.
 He died on February 27, 1998 in Newport, California of prostate cancer.
Kelsall is a medium-sized agricultural/commuter village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
 It is located around 8 mi east of Chester, 8 mi west of Northwich and 4 mi north west of Tarporley.
 The village is situated on Kelsall Hill, a part of the Mid-Cheshire Ridge, the broken line of sandstone hills that divide the west Cheshire Plain from its eastern counterpart.
 The ridge includes other hills including Peckforton, Beeston, Frodsham and Helsby.
