Angel: After the Fall is a comic book published by IDW Publishing.
 Written by Brian Lynch and plotted with Joss Whedon, the series is a canonical continuation of the "Angel" television series, and follows the events of that show's final season.
 "Angel: After the Fall" was prompted by IDW Publishing and Joss Whedon after the success of Dark Horse Comics' "Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight" which is the official comic continuation of "Angel"'s mothershow, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
 "Angel: After the Fall" sees the heroic vampire, Angel, coping with the apocalyptic aftermath of the television series after he took over and subsequently betrayed the demonic law firm, Wolfram & Hart.
 The city of Los Angeles has since been sent to hell by Wolfram & Hart as a result of Angel's actions.
 The series follows his attempts to rescue the people he has sworn to protect.
 The first issue was released on November 21, 2007.
The Short Fiction of Norman Mailer is a 1967 anthology of short stories by Norman Mailer.
 It is grouped into eight thematic sections and contains nineteen stories which all appeared in one of Mailer's miscellanies; thirteen were published in periodicals or other anthologies before appearing in this collection.
 The collection was reprinted in hardcover in 1980 and some of the stories were reprinted in other volumes.
The Time of Our Time is an anthology of Norman Mailer’s various literary works, published by Modern Library in 1998.
 The work was designed to commemorate both the fiftieth anniversary of "The Naked and the Dead" (1948), and Mailer’s seventy-fifth birthday.
 Norman Mailer edited the anthology himself, choosing to organize the content not by the chronology in which the pieces are written, but the chronology of the events that the works describe; some of the excerpts are written in the midst of the action, while others may come upon forty years of reflection.
 Selected texts that deal with the ancient world, however, appear out of sequence at the end of the volume.
 (Mailer’s explanation: “Nobody is perfect.”)
 Excerpts from Mailer’s most notable works, including "The Naked and the Dead", "Advertisements for Myself" (1959), "Superman Comes to the Supermarket" (1960), "The Armies of the Night" (1968), "Miami and the Siege of Chicago" (1968), "Of a Fire on the Moon" (1970), and "The Executioner's Song" (1979), as well as several works in their entirety, including "The White Negro: Superficial Reflections on the Hipster" (1957), "The Time of Her Time" (1959), and various transcribed and annotated interviews with the likes of William F. Buckley, Gore Vidal, Kate Millett, and John Ehrlichman.
The Last Party: Scenes From My Life with Norman Mailer is a 1997 book by Adele Morales, second wife of Norman Mailer, whom she married in 1954.
 It was published in the US by Barricade Books.
The Norman Mailer Prize or Mailer Prize is an American literary award established in 2009 by The Norman Mailer Center and The Norman Mailer Writers Colony to celebrate writers and their works.
 Norman Mailer was a 20th-century American author.
Several comic book stories have been released under the Serenity title, set in the fictional universe created for Joss Whedon's "Firefly" television series and "Serenity" film, and which are considered canon.
 As of 2014, eight "Serenity" stories have been published.
 Written by Joss Whedon and Brett Matthews, and illustrated by Will Conrad, the first miniseries, "Those Left Behind", was created as a bridge between the events of the series and film.
 "Those Left Behind" was popular: the first issue was the highest-selling comic published by Dark Horse Comics since the release of "Buffy Season 8" in 2007, while the trade paperback is still one of the highest ranking items by sale quantity from that company.
 In early 2008, a second miniseries was released.
 Titled "Better Days", it was set before "Those Left Behind", with the storyline based around a heist that went in the characters' favor.
 In addition to the miniseries, a one-shot comic written by Jim Krueger and titled "The Other Half" was released in the August 2008 issue of "Dark Horse Presents".
J. Michael Lennon is Emeritus Professor of English at Wilkes University and the late Norman Mailer’s archivist and authorized biographer.
 He published Mailer's official biography "Norman Mailer: A Double Life" in 2013.
 He edited Mailer's selected letters, which were published by Random House in 2014.
The following is a list of unproduced Joss Whedon projects in roughly chronological order.
 During his long career, American film director Joss Whedon has worked on a number of projects which never progressed beyond the pre-production stage under his direction.
 Some of these projects, are officially cancelled or fell in development hell.
"Pilot" is the pilot and first episode of the first season of the American television series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they investigate a super-powered man and a hacktivist group.
 It is the first television episode to be set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
 The episode was written by series creators Joss Whedon, Jed Whedon, and Maurissa Tancharoen, and was directed by Joss Whedon.
Town Bloody Hall is a 1971 documentary film of a panel debate between feminist advocates and activist Norman Mailer.
 Filmed on April 30, 1971, in The Town Hall in New York City, "Town Bloody Hall" features a panel of feminist advocates for the women's liberation movement and Norman Mailer, the writer of "The Prisoner of Sex".
 Chris Hegedus and D. A. Pennebaker produced the film, which stars Jacqueline Ceballos, Germaine Greer, Jill Johnston, Diane Trilling, and Norman Mailer.
 The footage of the panel was recorded and released as a documentary in 1979.
 Produced by Shirley Broughton, the event was originally filmed by Pennebaker.
 The footage was then filed and rendered unusable.
 Hegedus met Pennebaker a few years later, and the two edited the final version of the film for its release in 1979.
 Pennebaker described his filming style as one that exists without labels, in order to let the viewer come to a conclusion about the material, which inspired the nature of the "Town Bloody Hall" documentary.
 The recording of the debate was intended to ensure the unbiased documentation, allowing it to become a concrete moment in feminist history.
