George Frideric (or Frederick) Handel ( ; born Georg Friedrich Händel ] ; 23 February 1685 (O.S.) [(N.S.) 5 March] – 14 April 1759) was a German, later British, baroque composer who spent the bulk of his career in London, becoming well known for his operas, oratorios, anthems, and organ concertos. Handel received important training in Halle and worked as a composer in Hamburg and Italy before settling in London in 1712; he became a naturalised British subject in 1727.
 He was strongly influenced both by the great composers of the Italian Baroque and by the middle-German polyphonic choral tradition.
Tomaso Giovanni Albinoni (8 June 1671 – 17 January 1751) was an Italian Baroque composer.
 While famous in his day as an opera composer, he is mainly remembered today for his instrumental music, such as the concerti.
Luigi Rossi (c. 1597 – 20 February 1653) was an Italian Baroque composer.
 Rossi was born in Torremaggiore, a small town near Foggia, in the ancient kingdom of Naples and at an early age he went to Naples.
 There he studied music with the Franco-Flemish composer Jean de Macque who was organist of the Santa Casa dell’Annunziata and "maestro di cappella" to the Spanish viceroy.
 Rossi later entered the service of the Caetani, dukes of Traetta.
Giuseppe Domenico Scarlatti (Naples, 26 October 1685 Madrid, 23 July 1757) was an Italian composer who spent much of his life in the service of the Portuguese and Spanish royal families.
 He is classified primarily as a Baroque composer chronologically, although his music was influential in the development of the Classical style and he was one of the few Baroque composers to transition into the classical period.
 Like his renowned father Alessandro Scarlatti, he composed in a variety of musical forms, although today he is known mainly for his 555 keyboard sonatas.
L'estro armonico (the harmonic inspiration), Antonio Vivaldi's Op.
 3, is a set of 12 concertos for stringed instruments, first published in Amsterdam in 1711.
 Vivaldi's Twelve Trio Sonatas, Op. 1, and Twelve Violin Sonatas, Op. 2, only contained sonatas, thus "L'estro armonico" was his first collection of concertos appearing in print.
 It was also the first time he chose a foreign publisher, Estienne Roger, instead of an Italian.
 Each concerto was printed in eight parts: four violins, two violas, cello and continuo.
 The continuo part was printed as a figured bass for violone and harpsichord.
Antonio Lucio Vivaldi (] ; 4 March 1678 – 28 July 1741) was an Italian Baroque composer, virtuoso violinist, teacher and cleric.
 Born in Venice, he is recognized as one of the greatest Baroque composers, and his influence during his lifetime was widespread across Europe.
 He composed many instrumental concertos, for the violin and a variety of other instruments, as well as sacred choral works and more than forty operas. His best-known work is a series of violin concertos known as "The Four Seasons".
Lorenzo Ratti (ca. 1589–1630) was an Italian baroque composer.
 He was the predecessor of Carissimi at the Collegium Germanicum.
 He composed six Gospel Dialogues for the oratory.
 He was a teacher of Benevoli.
Francesco Scarlatti (5 December 1666 – c. 1741) was an Italian Baroque composer and musician and the younger brother of the better known Alessandro Scarlatti.
Jean Baptiste Senaillé (23 November 1687 in Paris – 15 October 1730 idem) was a French born Baroque composer and violin virtuoso.
 His father was a member of Les Vingt-quatre Violons du Roi.
 Senaillé studied under Jean-Baptiste Anet, Giovanni Antonio Piani and in Italy under Tomaso Antonio Vitali and imported Italian musical techniques and pieces into the French court.
 He wrote around 50 violin sonatas.
 He is most well known for a fast 2/4 movement from one of these sonatas, "Allegro Spiritoso", which has had versions published transcribed for a wide variety of instruments, from violoncello to bassoon to euphonium.
Antonio Lotti (5 January 1667 – 5 January 1740) was an Italian Baroque composer.
