Relativity is the debut album by American post-hardcore band Emarosa released on July 8, 2008 through Rise Records.
 "Relativity" was produced by Kris Crummett, producer of other bands such as Drop Dead, Gorgeous and Fear Before, whom Jonny Craig worked with on Dance Gavin Dance's debut album the year before.
Anthony Rossomando is an American writer-producer, composer, and guitarist.
 He along with Carl Barât was a founding member of Dirty Pretty Things.
 He previously stood in for Pete Doherty in The Libertines as a touring member.
 He has also been a live member of British New Rave band Klaxons.
 He was also a member of Boston-based band The Damn Personals.
 He also has co-written songs with D'angelo, Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt, Cathy Dennis.
 Anthony Rossomando's songs are represented by Downtown Music Publishing.
Up the Shambles – Live in Manchester is a live DVD of the band Babyshambles.
 The DVD was released without the bands prior knowledge according to bassist Drew McConnell.
 The DVD was released around the time of the band's second album "Shotters Nation", but not only featured a much older version of the band, it was recorded prior to the release of the first album "Down in Albion".
 The set list features not only songs on the band's debut but B-sides, unreleased songs and songs by Pete Doherty's former band The Libertines.
The Libertines are an English rock band, formed in London in 1997 by frontmen Carl Barât (vocals/guitar) and Pete Doherty (vocals/guitar).
 The band, centred on the songwriting partnership of Barât and Doherty, has also included John Hassall (bass) and Gary Powell (drums) for most of its recording career.
 The band was part of the garage rock revival and spearheaded the movement in the UK.
Stalking Pete Doherty is a rockumentary assembled from footage shot by Max Carlish, a BAFTA Award–winning film director.
 As the title suggests, it is about both attempts by Carlish to interview Pete Doherty.
The Greatest of All Lost Arts is the second album by the American post-hardcore band Lower Definition.
 The album was recorded in early 2008 with producer Kris Crummett and was released on July 8.
 The album contains 11 tracks, with Jonny Craig providing guest vocals on "Pueblo Cicada".
 The band hand-picked Kris Crummett as their producer.
 This album marks the last appearance by bassist Stefan Toler and founding member/drummer Valentino Arteaga.
Dirty Pretty Things were an English band fronted by Carl Barât, a member of The Libertines.
 The formation of the band was announced in September 2005, after a dispute between Barât and Pete Doherty led to the breakup of The Libertines in 2004.
 Barât had worked with Vertigo Records and had previously revealed that his new project was with the label.
 Didz Hammond announced he was leaving the Cooper Temple Clause to join the band alongside Libertines drummer Gary Powell and guitarist Anthony Rossomando, who had filled in for Doherty following his departure from The Libertines.
 They played their first shows in October 2005 in Italy and Paris, France.
 They announced their split on 1 October 2008 and played their final shows during November.
Paul Nicholas Roundhill (born 25 March 1955 in London) is an English artist and writer based in the East End of London, England.
 He is best known for his association with musician Pete Doherty, acting as his self-styled literary agent and previously running the website balachada.com (Bala Chadha being street slang for crack cocaine from the Bengali translation of "good white"), which was closed by Doherty in May 2006.
Live at Bamboozle 2010 is the first live album released by the post-hardcore band Dance Gavin Dance.
 The album was released on October 18, 2010 and features a live recording of the band's performance at the 2010 Bamboozle Left in Angel Stadium on March 27, 2010.
 The live performances reunites former vocalist at the time, Jonny Craig and Jon Mess.
The Books of Albion, or Journals: The Collected Writings of Peter Doherty, is an anthology of the poetry and diary entries of English musician and poet Pete Doherty.
 He is also currently a member of the group Babyshambles but is most known for his time as front man of The Libertines.
 The book has writings from 1999 up until 2007 and was released on the 30 May 2007 by Orion Books.
