The 50th Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 Its last assignment was to the 1502d Air Transport Wing, Military Air Transport Service, stationed at Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii.
The 29th Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 Its last was assigned to the 438th Military Airlift Wing, Military Airlift Command, stationed at McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey.
 It was inactivated on 31 August 1968.
The 41st Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 It was last assigned to the 437th Military Airlift Wing, Military Airlift Command, stationed at Charleston Air Force Base, South Carolina.
The 733d Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 It was last assigned to the 945th Military Airlift Group.
 It was inactivated at Hill Air Force Base, Utah on 1 January 1973.
The 40th Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 Its last assignment was to the 438th Military Airlift Wing, Military Airlift Command, stationed at McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey.
The 44th Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 Its last assignment was with the 60th Military Airlift Wing of Military Airlift Command at Travis Air Force Base, California.
The 84th Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 Its last assignment was to the 60th Military Airlift Wing, Military Airlift Command, stationed at Travis Air Force Base, California.
The 39th Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 Its last was assigned to the 436th Military Airlift Wing, Military Airlift Command, stationed at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware.
 It was inactivated on 31 March 1971.
The 85th Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 Its last assignment was to the 60th Military Airlift Wing, Military Airlift Command, stationed at Travis Air Force Base, California.
The 19th Military Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
 It was last assigned to the 62d Military Airlift Wing, Military Airlift Command, stationed at McChord Air Force Base, Washington.
 It was inactivated on 22 December 1969.
