ʻUmi-a-Līloa (fifteenth century) was a ruling ali'i-ai-moku (district high chief of Hawai'i) who inherited religious authority of Hawai'i from his father, High Chief Liloa, whose line is traced, unbroken to Hawaiian "creation".
 His mother was Akahi.
 She was of a lesser line of chiefs who Liloa had fallen in love with when he discovered her bathing in a river.
 He became Chief after the death of his half-brother Hākau, who inherited the lands of his father to rule.
 Umi-a-Liloa was considered a just ruler, religious and the first to unite almost all of the Big Island.
 The legend of Umi is one of the most popular hero sagas in Hawaiian history.
 While there is probably embellishment to the story, as many sagas do, a portion of historic accuracy remains.
According to Rieh (2005), "Patrick Wilson (1983) developed the cognitive authority theory from social epistemology in his book, "Second-hand Knowledge: An Inquiry into Cognitive Authority".
 The fundamental concept of Wilson’s cognitive authority is that people construct knowledge in two different ways: based on their first-hand experience or on what they have learned second-hand from others.
 What people learn first-hand depends on the stock of ideas they bring to the interpretation and understanding of their encounters with the world.
 People primarily depend on others for ideas as well as for information outside the range of direct experience.
 Much of what they think of the world is what they have gained second-hand.
 Wilson (1983) argues that all that people know of the world beyond the narrow range of their own lives is what others have told them.
 However, people do not count all hearsay as equally reliable; only those who are deemed to “know what they are talking about” become cognitive authorities.
 Wilson coined the term cognitive authority to explain the kind of authority that influences thoughts that people would consciously recognize being proper.
 Cognitive authority differs from administrative authority or the authority vented in a hierarchical position."
 (Rieh, 2005).
Hemoglobinopathy is a kind of genetic defect that results in abnormal structure of one of the globin chains of the hemoglobin molecule.
 Hemoglobinopathies are inherited single-gene disorders; in most cases, they are inherited as autosomal co-dominant traits.
 Common hemoglobinopathies include sickle-cell disease.
 It is estimated that 7% of world's population (420 million) are carriers, with 60% of total and 70% pathological being in Africa.
 Hemoglobinopathies are most common in populations from Africa, the Mediterranean basin and Southeast Asia.
The Kadazan-Dusun of Sabah, formerly North Borneo, are natives of the land who share the same indigenous peoples's view shared globally that the land is a gift from the creator, the earth is a centre of the universe and the land connects them to the past, present and future.
 This view has given rise to a belief system, known as Momolianism.
 This system of belief, inherited from the ancestors, was passed down through the Bobohizan, (Kadazan term) or Bobolian (Dusun term) priestesses, and has guided and ensured the survival of the Kadazan-Dusun people, throughout their social evolution from small community of settlers in what was said to be a 10 household longhouse at Nunuk Ragang to the present population of more than half a million individuals(2010 Malaysian Census figure).
 The term Momolianism itself is derived from word Bobolian.
Al-Jafr is a mystical Shia holy book compiled, according to Shia belief, by Ali and inherited by him from Muhammad.
 Al-Jafr is composed of two skin boxes in which were kept various books of the past Prophets and the books inherited from Muhammad, Ali and Fatimah to the Ahl al-Bayt, with each new Imam receiving them from his dying predecessor Imam, as well as the armour and weapons of Muhammad.
The North East Combined Authority is a combined authority that covers most of the North East region of England.
 It was established by statutory instrument under the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009 on 15 April 2014 with the statutory name "Durham, Gateshead, Newcastle upon Tyne, North Tyneside, Northumberland, South Tyneside and Sunderland Combined Authority".
 It is a strategic authority with powers over transport, economic development and regeneration.
 The combined authority area is the same as that of the North East Local Enterprise Partnership, and does not include Teesside, Darlington and Hartlepool in the south of the North East region, which instead form a separate Tees Valley Combined Authority.
 At its first meeting on 15 April 2014, Simon Henig, Leader of Durham County Council, was elected as its chair.
 The functions, property, rights and liabilities of the former Tyne and Wear Integrated Transport Authority were inherited by the North East Combined Authority, forming an executive body within the new authority as the Tyne and Wear Passenger Transport Executive.
Leprosy stigma is a kind of social stigma, a strong feeling that a leprosy patient is shameful and is not accepted normally in society.
 It is also called leprosy-related stigma, leprostigma, and stigma of leprosy.
 From ancient times the disease was feared because of the disfigurement it caused and lack of understanding about how it was transmitted.
 It was long believed to be inherited and was associated with ideas of "unclean blood".
 The stigma was renewed in the late nineteenth century as Europeans encountered cultures where leprosy was or became more widespread than in their own, or where it was associated with poverty and developing economies.
 An example was in Hawaiʻ i, where European Americans, particularly sugar planters, supported legislation to quarantine persons with leprosy in the belief that this would prevent its transmission.
Evolutionism was a common 19th century belief that organisms inherently improve themselves through progressive inherited change over time (orthogenesis), and increase in complexity through evolution.
 The belief went on to include cultural evolution and social evolution.
 In the 1970s the term Neo-Evolutionism was used to describe the idea "that human beings sought to preserve a familiar style of life unless change was forced on them by factors that were beyond their control".
Faith and rationality are two ideologies that exist in varying degrees of conflict or compatibility.
 Rationality is based on reason or facts.
 Faith is belief in inspiration, revelation, or authority.
 The word "faith" sometimes refers to a belief that is held with lack of reason or evidence, a belief that is held in spite of or against reason or evidence, or it can refer to belief based upon a degree of evidential warrant.
Lori Jakiela is the author of three memoirs, "Belief is Its Own Kind of Truth, Maybe" (Atticus Books, 2015), "The Bridge to Take When Things Get Serious" (C&R Press May 2013), and "Miss New York Has Everything" (Hatchette 2006), as well as the poetry collection "Spot the Terrorist" (Turning Point 2012).
 She also has published four chapbooks of poetry—"The Regulars" (Liquid Paper Press, 2001); "Red Eye" (Pudding House, 2010); "The Mill Hunk's Daughter Meets the Queen of Sky" (Finishing Line, 2011); and "Big Fish" (Stranded Oak Press, 2016).
 Her essays and op-eds have been published in "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", the "Chicago Tribune", the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", the "Tribune-Review", "Pittsburgh Quarterly", "Tears in the Fence" (United Kingdom) and elsewhere.
 Her poems have been published in "5 AM", "Chiron Review", "Nerve Cowboy", "Slipstream" and more.
 She received Stanford University's William Saroyan Prize for International Literature for her third memoir, Belief Is Its Own Kind of Truth Maybe, in 2016.
 She is a professor of English and directs the undergraduate writing program at The University of Pittsburgh-Greensburg and teaches in the low- and full-residency MFA in Creative Writing programs at Chatham University.
 Her author website is http://lorijakiela.net."
