Kim Tae-yeon (born January 3, 1976) is a South Korean actress.
 She began her entertainment career as a model, winning Model Line's 40th Fashion Model contest in 1996 and the Pantene Model contest sponsored by Ford Models in 2000.
 Kim made her film debut in the highly controversial film "Lies" in 1999.
"Rain" is a song by South Korean singer Kim Tae-yeon, a member of the South Korean girl group Girls' Generation.
 It was released digitally by S.M. Entertainment on February 3, 2016.
Kim Tae-yeon (Hangul: 김태연 ; ] ; born 27 August 1986) is a South Korean painter based in Seoul.
Kim Tae-yeon (born March 9, 1989), referred to as Taeyeon, is a South Korean singer.
 She had been a trainee at S.M. Entertainment's Starlight Academy during her middle school years before debuting as a member of the agency's girl group, Girls' Generation, in 2007.
 Since then, she has risen to prominence due to the group's success on the Asian music scene and further participated in the agency's projects Girls' Generation-TTS and SM the Ballad.
 Aside from group activities, she has also recorded songs for various television dramas and movies.
Lies (거짓말, "Gojitmal") is a controversial 1999 South Korean film depicting a sadomasochistic sexual relationship between a 38-year-old sculptor and an 18-year-old high school student.
 It was the debut film for both of its stars; Lee Sang-hyun is a sculptor and Kim Tae-yeon, a fashion model.
Kim Tae-Yeon (born 27 June 1988 in Seoul) is a Korean football midfielder who plays for Thai League T1 side, Pattaya United.
Kim Tae-yeon (born 1989) is the main singer for Girls' Generation.
Kim Tae-yeon, better known by the mononym Taeyeon, is a South Korean singer.
 Her discography consists of one studio album, two extended plays (EPs), twenty singles (including four as featured artist), and three promotional singles.
 She debuted as a member of South Korean girl group Girls' Generation in August 2007 and initially gained some popularity as a singer upon recording soundtrack songs "If" for "Hong Gil Dong" and "Can You Hear Me" for "Beethoven Virus" (2008).
 She subsequently established herself as one of the most renowned vocalist on the South Korean music scene with further soundtrack recordings, notably "I Love You" for "" (2010), "Missing You like Crazy" for "The King 2 Hearts", "Closer" for "To the Beautiful You" (2012), and "And One" for "That Winter, the Wind Blows" (2013), all of which managed to enter the top ten of South Korea's Gaon Digital Chart.
 Apart from soundtrack recordings, Taeyeon has also recorded duets with other artists, most notably "Like a Star" with The One and "Different" with Kim Bum-soo, which peaked at numbers one and two on the Gaon Digital Chart, respectively.
"I" is a Korean song recorded by South Korean singer Kim Tae-yeon (better known by her mononym Taeyeon) featuring Verbal Jint, taken from Taeyeon's debut EP of the same name.
 It was written by herself, Mafly, and Verbal Jint, and produced by Myah Marie Langston, Bennett Armstrong, Justin T. Armstrong, Cosmopolitan Douglas, David Quinones, Jon Asher, and Ryan S. Jhun.
 It was released digitally on October 7, 2015 in conjunction with the release of the EP, and was released on Korean Broadcasting System's "K-Pop Connection" radio on October 9.
List of awards and nominations received by Kim Tae-yeon
