"Christmas in Jamaica" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Toni Braxton featuring Shaggy released as the second and final single taken from her first Christmas album, "Snowflakes" (2001).
 The song was written by Toni Braxton, Donnie Scantz, Keri Lewis, Orville Burrell, Craig Love, Dave Kelly and produced by Braxton, Keri Lewis, Donnie Scantz and Shaggy.
"Good Life" is a 1990 single by The Braxtons, featuring Toni Braxton and her four sisters: Towanda, Trina, Traci Braxton, and Tamar Braxton.
 "Good Life", written by the German songwriting/production team Klarmann/Weber, was Toni Braxton's first professional recording.
Toni Braxton: Revealed was the first and only residency show by American singer Toni Braxton.
 It was performed at The Showroom at the Flamingo Las Vegas until the announcement of its cancellation on April 6, 2008.
"You Mean the World to Me" is the fourth single from Toni Braxton's self-titled debut album, "Toni Braxton" (1993).
 The track was released in April 1994 and was a radio hit, peaking at number seven on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 and number three on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.
 The song describes Braxton realizing that her lover means the world to her, but he had better shape up or ship out.
"Another Sad Love Song" is the first official single from Toni Braxton's self-titled debut album, "Toni Braxton" (1993).
 After the success of "Love Shoulda Brought You Home", Braxton followed up with this R&B mid-tempo single.
 The song proved to be a success, giving Braxton her first U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 top ten hit (number seven) and her first Adult Contemporary hit (number eight), and narrowly missing the top position of the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs by peaking at number two, being held from the summit by SWV's "Right Here/Human Nature"/"Downtown".
 Internationally, "Another Sad Love Song" reached number fifteen in the United Kingdom, number twenty-three in the Netherlands, and number sixty in Germany.
The Essential Toni Braxton is a compilation album by the American recording artist Toni Braxton in Sony BMG's "The Essential" series.
 Released in February 2007, it follows the earlier compilations "Ultimate Toni Braxton", released in 2003, and Braxton's "Platinum & Gold Collection", released in 2004.
 "The Essential" is a 2 disc album with thirty-six of Braxton's best songs.
 It also includes a song done with her sister group The Braxtons, "The Good Life".
 In Brazil, the album was released under the name "The Best So Far" with an alternative cover and a different track list.
The Libra Tour was a concert tour in 2006 by American pop-R&B singer Toni Braxton.
 The tour, which was in support of her RIAA gold-selling album "Libra", kicked off in Atlantic City, New Jersey, on March 10 and continued through mid-summer.
 Braxton played to sold-out shows across the US, performing in venues such as theaters, instead of arenas.
 The tour included a selection of songs from the new album, and featured hit songs from "Toni Braxton", "Secrets", "The Heat" and "More Than a Woman".
 Toni's sisters, Tamar Braxton and Trina Braxton, joined the tour as background singers.
Ultimate Toni Braxton, released in 2003, is the first greatest hits collection by R&B singer Toni Braxton.
 It features many of her greatest hits, and includes all the singles from her debut "Toni Braxton" and all but one of the singles from her second album "Secrets".
 Her albums "The Heat" and "More Than a Woman" are fairly underrepresented, as only two and one songs are included from each album, respectively.
 The songs on "Ultimate" are not the actual album versions but radio edits, and the version of "Seven Whole Days" is live.
"Deadwood" is a song by American recording artist Toni Braxton released on September 14, 2017.
 The song serves as the lead single from Braxton's upcoming eighth studio album "Sex & Cigarettes" (2018).
 Written by Toni Braxton, Royce Doherty, Kwame Ogoo and Fred Ball and produced by Ball.
The Braxtons are singer Toni Braxton and her sisters, Traci Braxton, Towanda Braxton, Trina Braxton, and Tamar Braxton.
 Despite being commercially unsuccessful, the group's first single, "Good Life", led to oldest sister Toni Braxton's solo career.
 All five members reunited in 2011 to star in the WE tv reality television series "Braxton Family Values" alongside their mother, Evelyn Braxton.
