4Change, formerly known as the Climate Change Coalition (CCC), was an Australian political party, which was formed in 2007 with a view to accelerate action by politicians from all parties on global warming and climate change.
 Its position on working towards addressing climate change, stresses cooperation with big business in order to achieve significant progress on the issue.
 The party therefore advocates a close working relationship between environmentalists and the business community.
 The CCC was registered as a political party with the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) on 4 September 2007 and deregistered on 25 March 2010.
The Great Global Warming Swindle is a polemical documentary film that suggests that the scientific opinion on climate change is influenced by funding and political factors, and questions whether scientific consensus on global warming exists.
 The program was formally criticised by Ofcom, the UK broadcasting regulatory agency, which upheld complaints of misrepresentation made by David King.
A global warming conspiracy theory invokes claims that the scientific consensus on global warming is based on conspiracies to produce false data or suppress dissent.
 It is one of a number of tactics used in climate change denial to legitimize political and public controversy disputing this consensus.
Several motivations underlie the project.
 The primary ambition of MOM is to preserve an image of our era, created by numerous participants all over the planet.
 MOM will also contain information which our society is obliged to forward to the future: e.g. description of nuclear waste repositories.
 MOM collaborates with the NEA and SKB.
 Although the most obvious ambition and often described in the media is the concern about preserving our knowledge, this is not the primary goal of MOM.
 Serving as a time capsule MOM is both: in a time frame of millennia it is the story about us, and in a time frame of decades it is a backup.
 In times where global warming, nuclear danger and biological warfare threaten the existence of civilization, saving the core knowledge and culture acquired over centuries is a backup measure.
 In case of a collapse, the MOM project could help survivors to rebuild civilization.
 Linked to this, an another reason is of political order: facing the lack of reactivity of authorities concerning global warming, the MOM project is a reminder of what can happen.
 Roman and Greek civilizations whose histories have been reconstructed by the small percentage of texts and artifacts which survived until our days are examples that have inspired the MOM project.
 Finally, it's a critic of our digital civilization : according to Kunze, maybe nothing of the 21st century will last in the future, since most of our interactions are now virtual.
 The "accuracy versus bullshit" is one of the main themes of the MOM project, worried about loss of information, the project can only aim to save a fragment of the information produced until today, but this fragment has to be representative.
The America's Climate Security Act of 2007 was a global warming bill that was considered by the United States Senate to reduce the amount of greenhouse gases emitted in the United States.
 Also known as the Lieberman-Warner bill, bill number , the legislation was introduced by Sens. Joseph Lieberman (I-CT) and John Warner (R-VA) on October 18, 2007.
 The bill was approved by the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works in December 2007, and was debated in the Senate during the week of June 2.
 The bill would create a national cap-and-trade scheme for greenhouse gas emissions, in which polluters would mostly be allocated right-to-emit credits based on how much greenhouse gas they currently emit.
 The cap would get tighter over time, until by 2050, emissions would be reduced to 63% below 2005 levels.
 Several environmental groups express their encouragement at the progress in legislation on the global warming issue while at the same time expressing disappointment that the bill doesn't reduce emissions enough.
 On June 6, 2008, the bill was killed by Senate Republicans over worries that it would damage the economy.
Hot, Flat, and Crowded: Why We Need a Green Revolution—And How It Can Renew America is a book by "New York Times" Foreign Affairs columnist Thomas Friedman, proposing that the solutions to global warming and the best method to regain the United States' economic and political stature in the world are to embrace the clean energy and green technology industries.
 The title derives from the convergence of Hot (global warming), Flat (globalization, as discussed in Friedman's book "The World Is Flat") and Crowded (population growth).
Business action on climate change includes a range of activities relating to global warming, and to influencing political decisions on global-warming-related regulation, such as the Kyoto Protocol.
 Major multinationals have played and to some extent continue to play a significant role in the politics of global warming, especially in the United States, through lobbying of government and funding of global warming skeptics. Business also plays a key role in the mitigation of global warming, through decisions to invest in researching and implementing new energy technologies and energy efficiency measures.
 (See also individual and political action on climate change.)
The economics of global warming concerns the economic aspects of global warming; this can inform policies that governments might consider in response.
 A number of factors make this a difficult problem from both economic and political perspectives: it is a long-term, intergenerational problem; benefits and costs are distributed unequally both within and across countries; and scientific and public opinions may diverge.
The Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, or Assembly Bill (AB) 32, is a California State Law that fights global warming by establishing a comprehensive program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from all sources throughout the state.
 AB 32 was authored by then-Assembly member Fran Pavley and Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez (D-Los Angeles) and signed into law by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger on September 27, 2006.
The Deniers is a 2008 book by Lawrence Solomon, a Canadian environmentalist and writer.
 Subtitled "The world-renowned scientists who stood up against global warming hysteria, political persecution, and fraud," the book draws attention to a number of scientists and others who, according to Solomon, have advanced arguments against what he calls the "alarmist" view of global warming, as presented by Al Gore, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the mainstream media, and others.
 The book is based on a series of columns Solomon wrote for Canada's "National Post".
