The Institute for the Study of War (ISW) is a United States-based think tank founded in 2007 by Kimberly Kagan.
 ISW describes itself as a non-partisan think tank providing research and analysis regarding issues of defense and foreign affairs.
 Others have described ISW as "a hawkish Washington" group favoring an "aggressive foreign policy".
 Though it had produced reports on the War in Afghanistan and the Iraq War, "focusing on military operations, enemy threats, and political trends in diverse conflict zones".
 The non-profit organization is supported by grants and contributions from large defense contractors, including Raytheon, General Dynamics, DynCorp and others.
 It is headquartered in Washington, D.C.
David J. Frum ( ; born June 30, 1960) is a Canadian-American neoconservative political commentator.
 A speechwriter for President George W. Bush, Frum later became the author of the first "insider" book about the Bush presidency.
 He is a senior editor at "The Atlantic" and also a CNN contributor.
 He serves on the board of directors of the Republican Jewish Coalition, the British think tank Policy Exchange, the anti-drug policy group Smart Approaches to Marijuana, and as vice chairman and an associate fellow of the R Street Institute.
The Reason Foundation is an American libertarian think tank founded in 1978.
 The Reason Foundation publishes the magazine "Reason".
 Based in Los Angeles, California, it is a non-profit, tax-exempt organization.
 According to its web site, the Reason Foundation is committed to advancing "the values of individual freedom and choice, limited government, and market-friendly policies."
 According to the "2014 Global Go To Think Tank Index Report" (Think Tanks and Civil Societies Program, University of Pennsylvania), the Foundation is number 41 (of 60) in the "Top Think Tanks in the United States".
Dr.Wang, Huiyao (Henry) (; born July 2, 1958) is the Founder and President of Center for China and Globalization (CCG),the largest independent global think tank in China which has over 100 full-time researchers and working staff.
 According to the "2016 Global Go To Think Tank Index" by the University of Pennsylvania Think Tank and Civil Society Program (TTCSP), the most prestigious think tank ranking in the world, CCG ranked 111th of the top world think tanks and was one of the world's top 40 independent think tanks.
 TTCSP ranked CCG as the 7th top think tank in China and No. 1 independent think tank among the top Chinese think tanks.
 Dr. Wang is also a top adviser to the Chinese government.
 He was appointed as Counselor for China State Council by the Chinese Premier in 2015.
 Dr. Wang is a well-known thought leader on China and globalization, China going global, Chinese global migration and talent flows, Chinese students studying abroad and returnees, and on global think tanks.
 He is also a top adviser to international organizations such as World Bank, IOM and ILO as well as to global MNCs.
 Dr. Wang has an impressive work career span over both Chinese and foreign governments, multinational executive, social entrepreneurial and academic fields.
The Runnymede Trust is a race equality think tank founded in 1968 by Jim Rose and Anthony Lester, with aim of acting as an independent race equality think tank by generating intelligence for a multi-ethnic Britain through research, network building, leading debate and policy engagement.
 In 2015 its director is Omar Khan and its chairman is Clive Jones CBE.
Libertad y Desarrollo, abbreviated to LyD, is a Chilean think tank focused on liberal, free market economic studies.
 Founded in 1990, the think tank defines itself as a "center for studies and private research, independent of any political, religious, business, or governmental organization, that is dedicated to the analysis of public affairs promoting the values and principles of a free society".
 The think tank is the Chilean representative of RELIAL, the Liberal Network of Latin America ("Red Liberal de America Latina").
 The center is divided into 7 programs: Economic Program, Social Program, Society and Politics Program, Legislative Program, Environmental Program, and the Justice Program.
 The group's goal is to respond to these various issues with a liberal, free market perspective and to make public policy recommendations specific to Chile for legislators, but not to participate in government directly.
 Economists Hernan Büchi, Luis Larraín, Cristián Larroulet are affiliated with the think tank.
William "Bill" Kristol (born December 23, 1952) is an American neoconservative political analyst and commentator.
 He is the founder and editor at large of the political magazine "The Weekly Standard" and a political commentator on several networks.
Heather Marie Boushey (born 1970) is the executive director and chief economist at the Washington Center for Equitable Growth, a think tank founded to accelerate cutting-edge analysis into whether and how structural changes in the U.S. economy, particularly related to economic inequality, affect economic growth, and Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress, a U.S. think tank.
 She is the author of "Finding Time: The Economics of Work-Life Conflict", published in 2016 by Harvard University Press.
 In August 2016, it was announced that Boushey would have served as Chief Economist of Hillary Clinton's presidential transition team had she won.
Meyrav Wurmser is an Israeli-born, American neoconservative political executive.
 She is married to Swiss-American David Wurmser, former Middle East Adviser to US Vice President Dick Cheney.
 She was formerly a Senior Fellow at the US think tank, the Hudson Institute.
The '"IMANI Center for Policy and Education"' is an African think tank based in Accra, Ghana.
 As a member of the Atlas Economic Research Foundation, the think tank applies free market solutions to intricate domestic social problems.
 It was founded in 2004 by Franklin Cudjoe, who currently serves as the president and chief executive officer.
 The think tank's operations center on these four thematic areas: rule of law, market growth and development, individual rights, and human security and institutional development.
 IMANI uses the Africanliberty.org platform as a springboard to reach out to the larger African audience in five international languages, including Swahili.IMANI exerts influence in the Ghanaian public education and policy sphere through media appearances, publications, research, and seminars.
 The think tank is ranked by the Global Go To Think Tanks and Civil Societies Program, organized annually by the University of Pennsylvania.
 According to the 2009 Index Report, IMANI was ranked fifth most influential in Sub-Saharan Africa, and the only African think tank to make the list of top 25 "Most Innovative" across the world.
