West Nile fever is a mosquito-borne infection by the West Nile virus.
 Approximately 80% of West Nile virus infections in humans have few or no symptoms.
 In the cases where symptoms do occur—termed West Nile fever in cases without neurological disease—the time from infection to the appearance of symptoms is typically between 2 and 15 days.
 Symptoms may include fever, headaches, feeling tired, muscle pain or aches, nausea, loss of appetite, vomiting, and rash.
 Less than 1% of the cases are severe and result in neurological disease when the central nervous system is affected.
 People of advanced age, the very young, or those with immunosuppression, either medically induced, such as those taking immunosuppressive drugs, or due to a pre-existing medical condition such as HIV infection, are most susceptible.
 The specific neurological diseases that may occur are West Nile encephalitis, which causes inflammation of the brain, West Nile meningitis, which causes inflammation of the meninges, which are the protective membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord, West Nile meningoencephalitis, which causes inflammation of the brain and also the meninges surrounding it, and West Nile poliomyelitis—spinal cord inflammation, which results in a syndrome similar to polio, which may cause acute flaccid paralysis.
William Robert Purcell (born February 12, 1931) is a Democratic politician.
 He was a member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's twenty-fifth Senate district, including constituents in Anson, Richmond, Scotland and Stanly counties 1997-2013.
 Purcell served as a captain in the U.S. army medical corp in France from 1957-1959.
 Purcell then graduated from Davidson College and the University of North Carolina School of Medicine and was a pediatrician.
 Purcell served on the Laurinburg, North Carolina city council and was mayor.
Acute hemorrhagic conjunctivitis (AHC) (also spelled acute haemorrhagic conjunctivitis) is a derivative of the highly contagious conjunctivitis virus, otherwise known as pink eye.
 Symptoms include excessively red, swollen eyes as well as subconjuntival hemorrhaging.
 Currently, there is no known treatment and patients are required to merely endure the symptoms while the virus runs its five- to seven-day course.
 While it was first identified in Ghana, the virus has now been seen in China, India, Egypt, Cuba, Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Pakistan, Thailand, and the United States.
The Friend virus (FV) is a strain of murine leukemia virus identified by Charlotte Friend in 1957.
 The virus infects adult immunocompetent mice and is a well-established model for studying genetic resistance to infection by an immunosuppressive retrovirus.
 The Friend virus has been used for both immunotherapy and vaccines.
 It is a member of the retroviridae group of viruses, with its nucleic acid being ssRNA.
Pepper mild mottle virus (PMMoV) is a plant pathogenic virus that occurs worldwide on species of field grown bell, hot and ornamental pepper species.
 It is caused by members of the plant virus genus "Tobamovirus"- otherwise known as the Tobacco mosaic virus family.
 "Tobamovirus" are viruses that contain positive sense RNA genomes that infect plants.
 Symptoms of the disease vary depending on the cultivar.
 Typical symptoms include the chlorosis of leaves, stunting, and distorted and lumpy fruiting structures.
 The virus is spread by mechanical transmission and infected seeds.
 Avoidance is the best means of controlling the disease because once a plant is infected it cannot be treated.
 Only seeds that have been tested and treated for the pathogen should be planted.
The human T-lymphotropic virus, human T-cell lymphotropic virus, or human T-cell leukemia-lymphoma virus (HTLV) family of viruses are a group of human retroviruses that are known to cause a type of cancer called adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma and a demyelinating disease called HTLV-I associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis (HAM/TSP).
 The HTLVs belong to a larger group of primate T-lymphotropic viruses (PTLVs).
 Members of this family that infect humans are called HTLVs, and the ones that infect Old World monkeys are called Simian T-lymphotropic viruses (STLVs).
 To date, four types of HTLVs (human T-lymphotropic virus 1 [HTLV-I], human T-lymphotropic virus 2 [HTLV-II], HTLV-III, and HTLV-IV) and four types of STLVs (STLV-I, STLV-II, STLV-III, and STLV-V) have been identified.
 HTLV types HTLV-1 and HTLV-2 viruses are the first retroviruses which were discovered.
 Both belong to the oncovirus subfamily of retroviruses and can transform human lymphocytes so that they are self-sustaining in vitro.
 The HTLVs are believed to originate from intraspecies transmission of STLVs.
 The original name for HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, was HTLV-III.
 The HTLV-1 genome is diploid, composed of two copies of a single-stranded RNA virus whose genome is copied into a double-stranded DNA form that integrates into the host cell genome, at which point the virus is referred to as a provirus.
 A closely related virus is bovine leukemia virus BLV.
The 2009 flu pandemic is a global outbreak of a new strain of influenza A virus subtype H1N1, first identified in April 2009, termed Pandemic H1N1/09 virus by the World Health Organization (WHO) and colloquially called swine flu.
 The outbreak was first observed in Mexico, and quickly spread globally.
 On the 11th June 2009, WHO declared the outbreak to be a pandemic.
 The overwhelming majority of patients experience mild symptoms", but some persons are at higher risk of suffering more serious effects; such as those with asthma, diabetes, obesity, heart disease, or those who are pregnant or have a weakened immune system.
 In the rare severe cases, around 3–5 days after symptoms manifest, the sufferer's condition declines quickly, often to the point respiratory failure.
 Although Ukraine was not (very) affected at first there was on outbreak of the virus in Western Ukraine early November 2009 which led to the closing of public buildings and meetings for three weeks.
A Zika virus vaccine is designed to prevent the symptoms and complications of Zika virus infection in humans.
 As Zika virus infection of pregnant women may result in congenital defects in the newborn, the vaccine will attempt to protect against congenital Zika syndrome during the current or any future outbreak.
 As of May 2017, no vaccines has been approved for clinical use, however a number of vaccines are currently in clinical trials.
 The goal of a Zika virus vaccine is to elicit protective antibodies against the Zika virus to prevent infection and severe disease.
 The challenges in developing a safe and effective vaccine include limiting side effects such as Guillain-Barré syndrome, a potential consequence of Zika virus infection.
 Additionally, as dengue virus is closely related to Zika virus, the vaccine needs to minimize the possibility of antibody-dependent enhancement of dengue virus infection.
Entebbe bat virus in an infectious disease caused by a "Flavivirus" and is closely related to yellow fever.
 Entebbe bat virus is a (+) single-stranded RNA (ssRNA) genome virus.
 It is an enveloped virus with icosahedral nucleocapsid.
 Its genome has approximately 10,000 to 12,000 kilobases.
 Entebbe bat virus was first isolated from a little free-tailed bat ("Chaerephon pumilus") in Uganda in 1957, but was not detectable after initial isolation.
 In 2011, Entebbe bat virus was isolated from a free-tailed bat captured from the attic of a house where it had been originally found.
 Infectious virus was recovered from the spleen and lung, and the viral RNA was sequenced and compared with that of the original isolate (Kading et al. 2015).
 Not much is known about the symptoms that the virus causes, and it is unknown if the virus can infect humans.
 Entebbe bat virus was initially a mosquito-borne pathogen that was able to infect bats and use them as reservoirs for the virus.
 However, the virus does not seem to have any existing adverse side effects on its host.
The golden shiner virus is an aquatic virus that infects a bait fish known as the golden shiner and to a lesser extent, aquatic animals like crustaceans and molluscs.
 About 6 virus species have been identified in this genus since the late 1970s.
 It causes death through a hemorrhagic shock.
 Symptoms include bleeding from the back eyes and the head.
 The virus is 70 nm in diameter and replicates best at 20-30 degrees Celsius.
 The virus has properties similar to those of the pancreatic necrosis virus.
 This could mean that golden shiners are more susceptible in the summer.
