Music Inspired by the Life and Times of Scrooge is the first solo album by Finnish songwriter and keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen, best known for his work in the symphonic metal band Nightwish.
 It was based on cartoonist Don Rosa's "The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck", a graphic novel which featured the Carl Barks Disney comics character of the same name.
 Rosa contributed the cover artwork.
 The first single, "A Lifetime of Adventure" was released on February 5, 2014 along with a music video directed by Ville Lipiäinen.
Carl Barks (March 27, 1901 – August 25, 2000) was an American cartoonist, author, and painter.
 He is best known for his comics about Donald Duck and as the creator of Scrooge McDuck.
 He worked anonymously until late in his career; fans dubbed him The Duck Man and The Good Duck Artist.
 In 1987, Barks was one of the three inaugural inductees of the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame.
Donald D. Ault ( ; born 1942) is professor emeritus at the University of Florida and is primarily known for his work on British Romantic poet William Blake and American comics artist Carl Barks.
 He is also known as a foundational figure in the development of American comics studies, and is the General Editor of the academic journal devoted to comics called "ImageTexT".
The following is an episode list for the Disney animated television series "DuckTales".
 The series is based on the Scrooge McDuck character and the "Uncle Scrooge" comic books created by Carl Barks.
 The series stars Scrooge, his grand nephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie and Webby Vanderquack, and several new characters created explicitly for the series.
 While Huey, Dewey, and Louie originated in Donald Duck animated short subjects in the 1930s, their characterization on "DuckTales" approximated that of Barks' comics.
 Although Donald Duck was a major player in the "Uncle Scrooge" comics, he only appeared as a guest star in a few "DuckTales" episodes.
Super Duck was a comic book character created in 1943 for what was then MLJ Comics (now Archie Comics) by staff artist Al Fagaly.
 As his name implies, Super Duck (nicknamed "Supe") was originally a parody of Superman, even down to a red and blue costume.
 But his time as a superhero was short, and by late 1944 his stories became more conventional, in the Disney/Carl Barks mode.
Arthur Floyd Gottfredson (May 5, 1905 – July 22, 1986) was an American cartoonist best known for his defining work on the "Mickey Mouse" comic strip.
 He has probably had the same impact on the Mickey Mouse comics as Carl Barks had on the Donald Duck comics.
 Two decades after his death, his memory was honored with the Disney Legends award in 2003 and induction into the Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2006.
Gyro Gearloose is a fictional character, an anthropomorphic chicken, created by Carl Barks for The Walt Disney Company.
 He is part of the Donald Duck universe, appearing in comic book stories as a friend of Donald Duck, Scrooge McDuck and anyone who is associated with them.
 He was also a frequent star of the animated "DuckTales".
 He first appeared in the Carl Barks comic "Gladstone's Terrible Secret" ("Walt Disney's Comics and Stories" #140).
Another Rainbow Publishing is a company dedicated to the re-publication and greater recognition of the work of Carl Barks that was created in 1981 by Bruce Hamilton and Russ Cochran.
 Its name references Barks's saying that there would be "always another rainbow" for his character Scrooge McDuck, which also became the title of one of Barks's oil paintings of the richest duck in the world.
 Its subsidiary division "Gladstone Publishing", founded in 1985, for non-Barks Disney comics several times throughout the 1980s and 1990s became the major to only publisher of Disney comics in the USA.
Scrooge McDuck is a fictional character created in 1947 by Carl Barks during his time as a work-for-hire for The Walt Disney Company.
 Scrooge is an elderly Scottish anthropomorphic Pekin duck with a yellow-orange bill, legs, and feet.
 He typically wears a red or blue frock coat, top hat, pince-nez glasses, and spats.
 He is portrayed in animations as speaking with a Scottish accent.
The Junior Woodchucks of the World are the Scouting organization to which the Disney characters Huey, Dewey, and Louie belong.
 The Junior Woodchucks were created by Carl Barks in 1951, in the story "Operation St. Bernhard" ("Walt Disney's Comics and Stories" #125).
 Later stories introduced a similar organization for girls, the Littlest Chickadees, to which Daisy Duck's nieces, April, May and June belong.
 The hallmark of the Junior Woodchucks is their spirited dedication to environmental protection and animal welfare, as well as the preservation of knowledge and the furtherance of science.
 They are also known for their exalted titles and ranks (Huey, Dewey, and Louie being promoted to become "Ten-Star Generals" in the 1951 story of the same name) and the awarding of buckets of badges, along with severe ideals as to decorum.
 In this way Barks poked gentle but pointed satire at aspects of the Boy Scouts of America.
