New Haven Documentary Film Festival (also known as NHdocs) is an annual documentary film festival held in New Haven, Connecticut, over a weekend in the month of June.
 Screenings take place at Yale University’s Whitney Humanities Center Auditorium and the New Haven Free Public Library.
 NHdocs is a regional festival that showcases documentaries by filmmakers from the greater New Haven area and beyond.
 NHdocs was launched in 2014 when the film festival’s co-founders Charles Musser, Gorman Bechard, Jacob Bricca, and Lisa Molomot came together at the Big Sky Documentary Film Festival and decided to create a documentary film festival in New Haven that would “build a sense of community among documentary filmmakers from the greater New Haven area.”
 In 2014, the four filmmakers each showed one of their recently completed documentaries, three of which had just played at the Big Sky.
Thomas Gordon (c. 1691–1750) was a Scottish writer and Commonwealthman.
 Along with John Trenchard, he published "The Independent Whig", which was a weekly periodical.
 From 1720 to 1723, Trenchard and Gordon wrote a series of 144 essays entitled "Cato's Letters", condemning corruption and lack of morality within the British political system and warning against tyranny.
 The essays were published as "Essays on Liberty, Civil and Religious", at first in the "London Journal" and then in the "British Journal".
 These essays became a cornerstone of the Commonwealth man tradition and were influential in shaping the ideas of the Country Party.
 His ideas played an important role in shaping republicanism in Britain and especially in the American colonies leading up to the American revolution.
 Zuckert argues, "The writers who, more than any others, put together the new synthesis that is the new republicanism were John Trenchard and Thomas Gordon, writing in the early eighteenth century as "Cato."
The International Documentary Film Festival Docville is an annual documentary film festival set in Leuven, Belgium.
Chagrin Documentary Film Festival is an annual documentary film festival based in Chagrin Falls, Ohio.
 The festival debuted in 2010, with 93 films showing in venues throughout the village.
 That year, the festival had an attendance of 1,800.
 By the 2015 festival, that number had grown to almost 7,000, while the number of films shrank to less than 70.
The London International Documentary Festival (or LIDF) is an annual documentary film festival that takes place in the months of March and April every year.
 The event is presented in association with the London Review of Books.
Doc NYC (stylized as DOC NYC) is an annual documentary film festival in New York City.
 Co-founded by Thom Powers and his wife Raphaela Neihausen, the festival is the country's largest documentary film festival with over 300 films and events and 200 special guests.
 The festival takes place over eight days in November at the West Village's IFC Center and Chelsea's Cinépolis and SVA Theater.
FreedomFilmFest, also known as The KOMAS Freedom Film Festival (FFF), is the first annual documentary film festival in Malaysia.
 Established in 2003, it adopts the themes encompassed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), pioneering a documentary film competition method in Malaysia which encourages first-time film makers to turn their winning proposals into films.
The London Review of Books (LRB) is a British journal of literary essays.
 It is published fortnightly.
The British Journal was an English newspaper published from 22 September 1722 until 13 January 1728.
 The paper was then published as the British Journal or The Censor from 20 January 1728 until 23 November 1730, and then as the British Journal or The Traveller from 30 November 1730 until 20 March 1731.
The British Journal of Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society.
 It publishes original papers on subjects like social cognition, attitudes, group processes, social influence, intergroup relations, self and identity, nonverbal communication, and social psychological aspects of affect and emotion, and of language and discourse.
 The journal was established in 1962 as the "British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology" and obtained its current title in 1981.
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 2.056.
