Matthew F. "Matt" Hale (born July 27, 1971) is an American white supremacist leader and a convicted felon.
 Hale was the founder of the East Peoria, Illinois-based white separatist group then known as the World Church of the Creator (now called The Creativity Movement), and he declared himself its "Pontifex Maximus" (Latin for "highest priest") in continuation of the Church of the Creator organization founded by Ben Klassen in 1973.
The Tobacco Factory is the last remaining part of the old W. D. & H. O. Wills tobacco factory site on Raleigh Road, Southville, Bristol.
 It was saved from demolition by the architect and former mayor of the city George Ferguson and through his vision has become a model of urban regeneration.
 It is now a multi-use building which houses Thali Cafe, animation and performing arts school, loft-style apartments, a café bar, offices and a theatre.
The Hale Avenue Historic District encompasses a significant portion of the central business district of Osceola, Arkansas.
 It extends for five blocks along Hale Avenue, between Ash and Maple Streets, and includes a few buildings on adjacent streets.
 The focal point of the district is the Mississippi County Courthouse, and the block of buildings opposite it on Hale Avenue.
 Although Osceola was founded in 1875, it was relocated beginning in 1900 to be closer to the railroad, with Hale Avenue as the major east-west route.
 This began a period of growth in the city which continued through much of the 1920s.
 Most of buildings on these blocks of Hale Avenue result from this time, and a number of those built later were built in an architecturally sympathetic manner.
Bonnie Hale Leman was the founder of Quilter's Newsletter Magazine, and one of the nation's first female magazine publishers.
 Born September 28, 1926, in Purdin, Missouri, to Rex and Laura Hale, she left home for college at age 16.
 She graduated from Park College three years later.
 She moved to Denver in 1953 and she met her husband, George Leman, while they were both pursuing master's degrees at the University of Denver.
Major General George B. McClellan is an equestrian statue in Washington, D.C. that honors politician and Civil War general George B. McClellan.
 The monument is sited on a prominent location in the Kalorama Triangle neighborhood due to efforts made by area residents.
 The statue was sculpted by American artist Frederick William MacMonnies, a graduate of the École des Beaux-Arts whose best known work is a statue of Nathan Hale in New York City.
 MacMonnies was chosen to design the statue following a lengthy competition organized by a statue commission, led by then Secretary of War William Howard Taft.
 The monument was dedicated in 1907, with prominent attendees at the ceremony including President Theodore Roosevelt, New York City mayor George B. McClellan, Jr., politicians, generals and thousands of military personnel.
Clara McBride Hale (April 1, 1905 – December 18, 1992), also known as Mother Hale, was an American humanitarian who founded the Hale House Center, a home for unwanted children and children who were born addicted to drugs.
Heywood Hale Broun ( ; March 10, 1918 – September 5, 2001) was an American author, sportswriter, commentator and actor.
 He was born and reared in New York City, the son of writer and activist Ruth Hale and newspaper columnist Heywood Broun.
George Reid (1733–1815) was born in Londonderry, New Hampshire, and was a farmer by trade.
 He married Mary Woodburn in 1765 who was noted for her skill in running their farm in George's long service during the American Revolutionary War.
 With news of the Battle of Lexington and Concord, George Reid marched with his militia company to Boston, Massachusetts and commanded a company of the 1st New Hampshire Regiment at the Battle of Bunker Hill.
 George Reid was with the 1st NH during the Invasion of Canada, the Battle of Trenton and the Battle of Princeton.
 In the Spring of 1777 George Reid was appointed Lt. Col. of the 2nd New Hampshire Regiment.
 With the capture of Col. Nathan Hale at the Battle of Hubbardton by the British Army, George Reid took command of the 2nd NH and led them during the rest of the Saratoga Campaign, the Battle of Monmouth and the Sullivan Expedition of 1779.
 With the consolidation of the three New Hampshire regiments in 1783, Col. Reid was appointed commander of the combined unit until its disbandment on January 1, 1784.
Robert Hale (born August 22, 1933 in Kerrville, Texas) is an American bass-baritone opera singer.
 Although born in Texas, Hale spent his childhood in Louisiana.
 When his family moved to Oklahoma City, he attended high school and college (Southern Nazarene University graduating in 1955 {at age 16?})
 there and completed his master's degree at the University of Oklahoma.
 While still at the University of Oklahoma, he won the National Association of Teachers of Singing "Singer of the Year" award and completed further studies at Boston University and the New England Conservatory of Music where he was awarded the Artist Diploma as well as winning the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions.
 He began his career as a recitalist appearing in concert halls across the United States and later made his operatic debut at New York City Opera, as Colline in "La bohème" (1967).
George Consider Hale (1850-1923) was fire chief in Kansas City, Missouri from 1882 to 1902.
 During this time he competed in the international firemen competition in Paris, and another in London in 1893.
 He was also the holder of more than 60 patents for fire fighting equipment.
 He is an honoree of Kansas City Fire Brigade's Hall of Fame.
