Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
Helen Elswyth Thane Ricker Beebe (May 16, 1900 – July 31, 1984) was an American romance novelist.
 Born in Burlington, Iowa, she was the daughter of a local teacher and high school principal.
 The family moved to New York City in 1918, and "Helen Ricker" changed her name to "Elswyth Thane".
 She began working as a freelance writer in the 20s, and became a newspaper writer and a Hollywood screenwriter.
 Her first novel, "Riders of the Wind", was published in 1926.
 Her novel, "The Tudor Wench", about Elizabeth I of England, was made into a play.
 She was a collector of scarves.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
The Cumberland Community Improvement District (CID) is a self-taxing district covering 5.5 sqmi in southern Cobb County, Georgia that includes the intersections of I-75, I-285 and U.S. Highway 41.
 The Cumberland CID, Georgia’s first CID, was formed by business leaders interested in improving access to the highways for Atlanta’s emerging northwest market, known as Cumberland.
Jerome Cam (1844 – March 1914) was a 19th-century police officer in Manchester, England.
 Caminada served with the police between 1868 and 1899, and has been called Manchester's Sherlock Holmes.
 In 1897 he became the city's first CID superintendent.
 His most famous case was the Manchester Cab Murder of 1889, in which he discovered and brought the initially unknown perpetrator to trial and conviction only three weeks after the murder.
Theodore Vernon Enslin (born March 25, 1925 – November 21, 2011) was an American poet associated with Cid Corman's "Origin" and press.
 He is widely regarded as one of the most musical of American avant-garde poets.
Origin was an American poetry magazine that was founded in 1951 by Cid Corman.
 The magazine provided an early platform for the work of Charles Olson, Robert Creeley, Gary Snyder, Theodore Enslin and other important, ground-breaking poets, who collectively created an alternative to academic poetry.
Tryst, written in 1939 by Elswyth Thane, is a story of two people and a seemingly ordinary home.
 While a quick summary may make it sound like a Horror novel, it actually borders on Mystery and Romance.
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
