City Hunter (; "Sing si lip yan") is a 1993 Hong Kong action comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing, starring Jackie Chan, Joey Wong, Kumiko Goto and Chingmy Yau.
 The film is based on the Japanese manga of the same name.
 The film was released in the Hong Kong on 14 January 1993 along with Stephen Chow's "Fight Back to School III".
Rob-B-Hood (, also known as Robin-B-Hood, literally: Baby Project) is a 2006 Hong Kong action comedy film written, produced and directed by Benny Chan, and starring Jackie Chan, Louis Koo, Yuen Biao and Michael Hui.
 The film was produced with a budget of HK$130 million (US$16.8 million) and filmed between December 2005 and January 2006.
 "Rob-B-Hood" is the first film in over 30 years in which Jackie Chan plays an anti-hero.
Police Story 2 (, a.k.a. Jackie Chan's Police Story 2) is a 1988 Hong Kong action film written, directed by and starring Jackie Chan as Chan Ka-kui.
 It is a sequel to the hit 1985 film, "Police Story", continuing the storyline of Chan's character, "Kevin" Chan Ka-kui.
Mr. Nice Guy (一個好人, LSHK "Jat1 go3 hou2 jan4") is a 1997 Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung, who makes a cameo as an unfortunate cyclist.
 The film stars Jackie Chan and Richard Norton.
 The film was released in the Hong Kong on January 31, 1997.
Jackie Chan Hill or Jackie Chan Village (Indonesian: "Kampung Jackie Chan"; formally: "The Friendship Village of Indonesia-China") is a neighbourhood in Banda Aceh, Indonesia.
 It is named for Chinese actor Jackie Chan who, with other Hong Kong actors, helped fund the building of the community and purchase of the hill.
 Jackie Chan also campaigned with the Hong Kong Red Cross to raise additional relief funds that went to reconstruction of the site.
 Officially, the government does not allow villages to be named after individuals, hence the official name not bearing "Jackie Chan".
 The neighbourhood is built up on a hill, high enough to avoid being inundated by a tsunami, thus being safe from tsunamis.
 The village is a green field construction, where only treed hills and farmers' fields once stood.
 It is located 25 minutes, some 17 km, outside of central Banda Aceh.
 The village is 1.5 km inland and elevated 300m.
 The village has a clinic and kindergarten and a covered village square for a market.
 However the market has not worked out.
 There are 606 mostly single family homes in the village.
 The village was built by a Chinese contractor.
 The quality of the build is reasonable, unlike some other similar reconstruction efforts in Aceh.
 There is no local high school, and the public transport system is insufficient to needs, as most jobs are located far from the village.
 The village opened in 2007 with 2400 residents from a variety of villages and a variety of ethnic groups.
 They have lived harmoniously and built a community together.
 As of 2014, the community's kindergarten is currently unused.
 Some 1200 people remain, others having moved away to be closer to work or services.
 Those that still hold title to their homes have rented them out to others.
Police Story 3: Super Cop (), also known as Super Cop in North America, is a 1992 Hong Kong action comedy film starring Jackie Chan and Michelle Yeoh.
 Jackie reprises his "Kevin" Chan Ka-Kui character, a Hong Kong cop from "Police Story" and "Police Story 2".
 It is the first in the "Police Story" series not to be directed by Jackie, with Stanley Tong taking over the helm.
 It is also the last appearance in the series for Maggie Cheung as Jackie's girlfriend, May.
Project A Part II (; aka Jackie Chan’s Project A II) is a 1987 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Jackie Chan, who also starred in the lead role.
 It is the sequel to the 1983 film "Project A".
 Jackie Chan plays "Sergeant Dragon Ma" once again, Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao, stars from the original film, are absent.
 The film was released in the Hong Kong on 19 August 1987.
Who Am I?
 (, also known as Jackie Chan's Who Am I?)
 is a 1998 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Benny Chan and Jackie Chan, who also starred in the lead role.
 The film was released in Hong Kong on January 17, 1998.
Police Story 4: First Strike (, often released as Jackie Chan's First Strike) is a 1996 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Stanley Tong, starring Jackie Chan, Jackson Lou, Wu Chen-chun and Bill Tung.
 The film was released in Hong Kong on 10 February 1996.
Miracles () is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Jackie Chan, who also starred in the lead role and worked as stunt co-ordinator.
 The film is set in 1930s Hong Kong and is a variation of Frank Capra's "Lady for a Day" and "Pocketful of Miracles", which in turn were based on "Madame La Gimp", a short story by Damon Runyon.
 This movie is written by Edward Tang with inputs from Jackie.
 The movie was remade in Hindi as Singh Is Kinng with Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif.
 A similar subplot also appears in the 1973 Hindi film Loafer.
