My Boyfriend is Type B () is a 2005 South Korean romantic comedy film.
 The basic premise of the film comes from the blood type personality theory, which claims that a person's blood type can determine their personality traits.
 The heroine is type A (conservative and introverted) while her love interest is type B (passionate and irresponsible).
Sandra Bullock is an American actress who made her film debut with a minor role in the 1987 thriller "Hangmen".
 She made her television debut in the television film "Bionic Showdown: The Six Million Dollar Man and the Bionic Woman" (1989) and played the lead role in the short-lived sitcom "Working Girl" (1990) before making her breakthrough starring in the action film "Speed" (1994).
 She starred with Sylvester Stallone in "Demolition Man" (1994).
 Bullock founded her own production company, Fortis Films, and starred in the romantic comedy "While You Were Sleeping" in 1995.
 Her performance in the film earned her first nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Comedy or Musical.
 The following year, Bullock starred with Matthew McConaughey in the film adaptation of John Grisham's novel "A Time to Kill" (1996).
 In 1997, she reprised her "Speed" role in the sequel, "".
 The following year, Bullock starred in the romantic comedy "Practical Magic", voiced Miriam in the animated biblical film "The Prince of Egypt" and also executive produced her first film, the romantic drama "Hope Floats".
Meryl Streep throughout the 2000s appeared in many cinematic and theatrical productions.
 In 2001, Streep’s voice appeared in the animated film A.I. Artificial Intelligence.
 Streep that same year cohosted the annual Nobel Peace Prize concert as well as appeared in the popular play The Seagull.
 In 2002, Streep appeared in the films Adaptation and The Hours.
 In 2003, Streep appeared unaccredited in the comedy Stuck on You and starred in the HBO play adaptation Angels in America.
 In 2004, Streep was awarded the AFI Life Achievement Award and in that same year starred in the films The Manchurian Candidate and Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events.
 In 2005, Streep starred in the film Prime.
 Streep began 2006 with the film A Prairie Home Companion and that same year starred in The Devil Wears Prada and the stage production Mother Courage and Her Children.
 In 2007, Streep appeared in the films Dark Matter, Rendition, Evening, and Lions for Lambs.
 In 2008, Streep starred in the films Mamma Mia!
 and Doubt.
 In 2009, Streep starred in Julie & Julia and It’s Complicated as well as loaning her voice to the animated film Fantastic Mr. Fox.
Rajasree (Telugu: మెజెస్టి, born 1945), also known as Rajasri or Rajashri, is a noted South Indian film actress from 1956 to 1979.
 She is particularly famous for her portrayal as princess in several folklore Telugu movies opposite N. T. Rama Rao and Tadepalli Lakshmi Kanta Rao and for acting alongside Ravichandran in the Tamil comedy films – Neeyum Nannum, Kadhalikka Neram Illai and Delhi Mappilai.
 Notable among Rajasri's roles in non-folklore social films in Tamil are as Nimmi in Tamil hit comedy film "Kaadhalikka Neramillai", remade as "Preminchi Choodu" in Telugu, as movie star Bhama in Tamil film "Bama Vijayam".
 She was credited as Gracy in the Malayalam movies she starred in her career since her debut film "Bharya" (1962) directed by Kunchakko.
 Rajasree went on to do 200 films spread across the languages – Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam (as Gracy) and Hindi from beginning of 1956 to 1979.
Tamanchey (English: Gun ) is an Indian romantic crime comedy film released on 10 October 2014.
 The film is directed by Navneet Behal and stars Nikhil Dwivedi and Richa Chadda in leads.
Indian actress Tabu, also credited as Tabbu, has appeared in Hindi, Telugu, English, Tamil, Malayalam and Bengali films.
 Tabu's first credited role came as a teenager in Dev Anand's "Hum Naujawan" (1985), and her first major role was in the Telugu film "Coolie No. 1" (1991).
 In 1994, she starred in two Hindi filmsthe romance "Pehla Pehla Pyar" and the action drama "Vijaypath"and received the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut for the latter.
 After appearing in a series of poorly received films, including "Prem" and "Saajan Ki Baahon Mein" (both 1995), the year 1996 was key for Tabu.
 Her performance as a young woman affected by the Punjab insurgency in Gulzar's "Maachis" (1996) proved to be a breakthrough for her, and won her the National Film Award for Best Actress.
 Also that year, Tabu won the Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu for the romance "Ninne Pelladata", and featured alongside Govinda and Karisma Kapoor in the commercially successful comedy film "Saajan Chale Sasural".
Priyanka Chopra is an Indian actress who has established herself as a leading actress of Indian cinema.
 She made her Bollywood debut in 2003 spy thriller "".
 The same year, Chopra's role in the box-office hit musical "Andaaz" won her the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut.
 In 2004, she starred in the highly successful comedy "Mujhse Shaadi Karogi" and garnered critical acclaim for her breakthrough role in the thriller "Aitraaz" which earned her the Filmfare Award for Best Performance in a Negative Role and a second Best Supporting Actress nomination.
 Chopra starred in six films in 2005, including "" and "Bluffmaster!
".
 In 2006, she starred in two of the highest-grossing films of the yearthe superhero film "Krrish" and the action thriller "Don".
Brian Backer (born December 5, 1956) is an American actor who has starred in film and on television.
 He is best known for his role in the 1982 hit comedy film "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" as shy teenager Mark "Rat" Ratner.
 His other films include the 1985 comedy film "Moving Violations" (playing the role of Scott Greeber) and the 1987 comedy film "".
Shari Headley (born July 15, 1964) is an American actress and former model.
 Headley is best known for her role as Lisa McDowell in the 1988 box-office hit romantic comedy film, "Coming to America".
 Headley also has appeared in films "The Preacher's Wife" (1996) and "Johnson Family Vacation" (2004).
 On television, Headley starred as Det. Mimi Reed in the ABC daytime soap opera, "All My Children" on regular basic from 1991 to 1994.
 As lead actress, she starred in the Fox short-lived drama series, "413 Hope St." (1997-1998), for which she received NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series nomination.
 In 2014, Headley began starring as villainous Jennifer Sallison in the Oprah Winfrey Network primetime soap opera, "The Haves and the Have Nots".
[]Mohanlal] is an Indian actor, producer, and singer who has starred in both blockbuster and art house films for independent filmmakers.
 During his career, he has appeared in more than 340 feature films, primarily in Malayalam cinema but also in other languages including Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Kannada.
 In 1978, when he was 18, he started acting with a minor comedic role in the unreleased film "Thiranottam", before making screen debut in 1980 as antagonist in the romance film "Manjil Virinja Pookkal".
 His portrayal of Narendran, a sadistic husband, received recognition and the film developed a cult status in Malayalam cinema.
 Subsequently, Mohanlal was cast as the antagonist in many films.
 His first positive role was in "Padayottam" (1982), the first 70 mm film in Malayalam.
 In 1984 he starred in "Poochakkoru Mookkuthi", a comedy film whose success triggered a trend and popularised the genre in the 1980s.
 In an early critically acclaimed performance, Mohanlal played an antihero in the I. V. Sasi-directed thriller "Uyarangalil" (1984).
 In the same year, he co-founded Casino Films, a motion picture production company which later produced his popular comedies "Gandhinagar 2nd Street" (1986) and "Nadodikkattu" (1987).
