American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars has written and recorded songs for his studio albums, "Doo-Wops & Hooligans" (2010) and "Unorthodox Jukebox" (2012), and has written songs for other singers.
 The Smeezingtons (Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine) worked in the majority of the songs in Mars' debut studio album, including writing "Count on Me" and "Marry You" together.
 The team collaborated with Khari Cain and Khalil Walton on the album's lead single "Just the Way You Are", peaking at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Mars explained "I wasn't thinking of anything deep or poetic.
 I was telling a story."
 Mars co-wrote and co-produced the song "Talking to the Moon" with Grammy Award winning producer Jeff Bhasker.
 The single "Grenade", was conceptualised after Mars heard an unreleased track with similar lyrical themes.
 Mars' follow-up album, in addition to reunite collaborators from his previous album, such as The Smeezingtons and Jeff Bhasker, included new composers, such as Mark Ronson and Emile Haynie.
 All of these producers worked on the lead single "Locked Out of Heaven".
 The song concerns a relationship infused with positive emotion and good sex.
 The idea behind the second single, "When I Was Your Man", is the regret of letting a girl get away.
 Several of the songs were written solely by his production team, including the lead single, "If I Knew" and the single "Gorilla"
"I Care" is a song recorded by the American singer Beyoncé for her fourth studio album, "4" (2011).
 It was written by Jeff Bhasker, Chad Hugo and Beyoncé and produced by Bhasker and co-produced by Beyoncé.
 The song was recorded at the MSR Studios and was mixed by Jordan Young aka DJ Swivel at KMA Studio in New York City.
 "I Care" is an R&B power ballad, which also contains elements of soul music and rock music.
 Built on a hand-clapped rhythm and pulsating beats, the song's instrumentation consists of screeching guitars, low-profile synthesizers, pounding drums, heavy percussion instrument and a piano.
 In "I Care", Beyoncé admits her vulnerability to her indifferent love interest with both honesty and power.
 She sings with heartfelt emotion over cooing background vocals and scats alongside a multi-octave guitar solo towards the end of the song.
 "I Care" was sent to contemporary hit radio in Italy on March 23, 2012 as the seventh overall single from "4".
Jeff Bhasker (also known as Billy Kraven and U.G.L.Y.) is an American record producer, songwriter, keyboardist, vocalist, and multi-instrumentalist.
 He collaborated with rapper and producer Kanye West on the albums "808s & Heartbreak", "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy", and "Watch the Throne".
 He has won Grammy Awards for the songs "Run This Town" by Jay-Z, "All of the Lights" by Kanye West, "We Are Young" by Fun.
, and "Uptown Funk" by Mark Ronson.
 Bhasker received the 2016 Grammy Award for Producer of the Year, Non-Classical for co-producing Mark Ronson's album "Uptown Special" and producing Nate Ruess's album "Grand Romantic" among other records.
"Photograph" is a song recorded by the English singer-songwriter, Ed Sheeran, for his second studio album, "×" (2014).
 Sheeran wrote the song with Snow Patrol member, Johnny McDaid, who had a piano loop from which the composition developed.
 After recording several versions with other producers, Sheeran eventually solicited help from Jeff Bhasker; the collaboration generated a version that Bhasker further enhanced for months.
 The ballad derives its music primarily from an acoustic guitar, piano and programmed drums.
 With visually descriptive lyrics, it discusses a long-distance relationship inspired by Sheeran's own experience of being away from his then-girlfriend while he was on tour.
 IDA
"Gorilla" is a song by American recording artist Bruno Mars from his 2012 studio album "Unorthodox Jukebox".
 The song was written by Mars, Philip Lawrence and Ari Levine, while production was handled by the former along with Emile Haynie, Jeff Bhasker and Mark Ronson, who had all previously co-produced the single "Locked Out of Heaven" for the same album.
 Atlantic Records serviced the track to Contemporary hit radio in the United States on September 10, 2013, as the fourth single from "Unorthodox Jukebox".
 The official remix (G-Mix) of the song features American singers Pharrell Williams and R. Kelly, and was released in Canada and US on November 12.
 "Gorilla" is a midtempo rock and soft rock song with a power pop hook, epic guitars and a synth/percussion combination resembling a Phil Collins-esque.
 Its style has drawn comparisons towards Prince's 1984 single "Purple Rain".
"Free" is a song by English recording artist Natalia Kills from her debut studio album, "Perfectionist".
 Written by Kills, Jeff Bhasker, Kid Cudi and No I.D., produced by Bhasker.
 Lyrically, the song discusses materialism, consumerism, and obsessions with glamour and wealth.
 It was released digitally in Europe and the US as the album's third single in June 2011.
 The song was released as the second single in the UK on 11 September 2011.
Two videos concepts are similar to breakfast at Tiffany's,1961 film
"Talking to the Moon" is a song by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars from his debut studio album, "Doo-Wops & Hooligans" (2010).
 The song was first unveiled on Mars' debut extended play, "It's Better If You Don't Understand" (2010), as its last track.
 It was written by Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, Albert Winkler, and Jeff Bhasker, while production was handled by The Smeezingtons in collaboration with Bhasker.
 "Talking to the Moon", serves as the record's sixth track, and remains an R&B power ballad song, and its lyrics regard a failed relationship, solitude, and sadness.
 Instrumentally, the track relies on drum percussion and piano.
"Party" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé for her fourth studio album, "4" (2011).
 It features guest vocals from American rapper André 3000 and uncredited vocals from Kanye West, and was released by Columbia Records as the fourth single from "4" on August 30, 2011.
 The song was written by Kanye West, Jeff Bhasker and Beyoncé, with the production being handled by Beyoncé and West and was co-produced by Bhasker.
 A midtempo R&B song, "Party" exhibits elements of the 1980s funk and soul music, and samples the 1985 song "La Di Da Di", written by Dexter Mills, Douglas Davis and Ricky Walters.
 It recalls the work of New Edition and Prince, among others.
 Built on a 808-retro beat, multi-tracked harmonies, and a smooth groove, the song's instrumentation includes slow-bouncing synthesizers, keyboard tones, and drums. Lyrically, "Party" is about being "in the mood for some loving."
 In his rap verses, André 3000 references milk and gets philosophical about his own career.
 "Party" was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 54th Grammy Awards.
"Tears Always Win" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Alicia Keys for her fifth studio album, "Girl on Fire" (2012).
 It was written by Keys, along with Bruno Mars, Jeff Bhasker and Phillip Lawrence, and produced by Keys and Bhasker.
 It was digitally released on May 7, 2013, as the fifth single from "Girl on Fire".
 Keys debuted the single during a performance on "American Idol" on May 9, 2013.
 The song has been met with general critical acclaim from critics.
 Keys included the song in the setlist for her fifth concert tour, the Set the World on Fire Tour.
 It is being released as the second Top 40/Mainstream single following the lead single "Girl on Fire".
 Keys also performed the song on the May 9, 2013 episode of "American Idol".
"Moonshine" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars for his second studio album "Unorthodox Jukebox" (2012).
 It was written by Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, Andrew Wyatt, Jeff Bhasker and Mark Ronson who also served as its producer along with the former three, under their alias, The Smeezingtons, and Bhasker.
 "Moonshine" is a midtempo pop, power pop and R&B record.
 In addition to be heavily influenced by quiet storm and dance-pop styles, as well as, presenting a "disco groove".
 Development of "Moonshine" began while Mars, Ronson and Bhasker "went out one night" and drunk moonshine all night long.
 When they returned to the studio they started jamming, while Mars screamed "Moonshine, take us to the stars!"
.
