Ale is a type of beer brewed using a warm fermentation method, resulting in a sweet, full-bodied and fruity taste.
 Historically, the term referred to a drink brewed without hops.
Lion Red is a New Zealand lager-style beer brewed by Lion Breweries, part of the Lion Nathan group.
 The beer is 4.0% alcohol.
 Because of its relatively low alcohol content it is widely regarded as an excellent 'session' beer, that is, a beer that can be consumed freely over a long session of time without all the adverse effects of a higher alcohol volume beer.
 As such, it is also a favourite of university students, along with similar strength beers such as Speights and DB Draught.
Lambic is a type of beer brewed in the Pajottenland region of Belgium southwest of Brussels and in Brussels itself at the Cantillon Brewery.
 Lambic beers include gueuze and kriek lambic.
 Lambic differs from most other beers in that it is fermented through exposure to wild yeasts and bacteria native to the Zenne valley, as opposed to exposure to carefully cultivated strains of brewer's yeast.
 This process gives the beer its distinctive flavour: dry, vinous, and cidery, usually with a sour aftertaste.
Kentucky Common Beer is a once-popular style of ale from the area in and around Louisville, Kentucky from the 1850s until Prohibition.
 This style is rarely brewed commercially today.
 It was also locally known as "Dark Cream Common Beer", "Cream Beer" or "Common Beer".
 The beer was top-fermented and wasn't krausened, i.e., it was fermented once and sent out for sale which meant the gravity would be moderate, the carbonation low and the taste full and sweetish.
 Like cream ale, it was consumed fresh, usually as draught beer.
 In 1913 it was estimated that 80% of the beer consumed in Louisville was of this type.
 Many local breweries made this style of beer exclusively.
Rogue Ales Beard Beer is an American wild ale brewed by Rogue Ales of Newport, Oregon using wild yeast originally cultured from nine beard hairs belonging to Rogue Ales' brewmaster, John Maier.
American wild ale generally refers to beers brewed in America using yeast or bacteria in addition to "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" for fermentation.
 Such beers may be similar to traditional beers such as Lambic and Oud bruin, and are typically fermented using a strain of "brettanomyces" for part or all of the fermentation.
 The use of brettanomyces can result in a "funky" flavor profile.
 Examples include Jolly Pumpkin Perseguidor, Avery 15 and Brabant, Ommegang Ommegeddon.
Herkenrode Tripel is a Belgian Abbey beer brewed for the Herkenrode Foundation by commercial brewery St. Joseph in Opitter (Bree, Flanders in Belgium).
 It is on the market since July 2009.
 It has an alcohol by volume percentage of 7%.
 In June 2009 the Federation of Belgian Brewers awarded the beer the name and the logo of Recognized Belgian Abbey Beer.
 In the Herkenrode Abbey in Hasselt, which was founded in 1182, beer was brewed until the French Revolution in the brewery of the abbey.
Coigneau is a Belgian variety of hop which was massively cultivated in the Flemish Aalst-Asse area near Brussels in the nineteenth and first half of the twentieth century.
 Because of the light bitterness the Coigneau was during a considerable period of time the favorite hop used for Lambic beer brewed in the Pajottenland region of Belgium (southwest of Brussels).
Wild Goose is a brand of beer brewed by the Logan Shaw Brewing Company of Washington, D.C..
 The brand is available in traditional English style ale including India Pale Ale and an Oatmeal Stout.
Heavy Seas Beer is brewed by Clipper City Brewing Company, in Baltimore, Maryland.
 The brewery was established by Hugh Sisson in 1995.
 Previously, Sisson operated Maryland's first brewpub, Sisson's.
 In 2010, the brewery rebranded.
 While the name of the company remains Clipper City Brewing Company, all of its beer falls under the Heavy Seas brand.
 Heavy Seas hosts tours on most weekends.
 It is located at 4615 Hollins Ferry Road, Suite B, in the Halethorpe section of Baltimore.
 Heavy Seas currently offers a variety of beer styles in approx. 18 states within the United States.
 Several Heavy Seas beers have been awarded and include the following: Cutlass Amber Lager (a repeat medal winner at the Great American Beer Festival from 2006-2010, bronze medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup and silver medal winner at the 2012 World Beer Cup as Heavy Seas Märzen), Powder Monkey Pale Ale (silver medal winner at the 2008 Great American Beer Festival and bronze medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup as Heavy Seas Pale Ale), Small Craft Warning Uber Pils (bronze medal winner at the 2004 Great American Beer Festival), Gold Ale (gold medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup, bronze medal winner at the 2010 Great American Beer Festival and bronze medal winner at the 2014 Great American Beer Festival as Heavy Seas Gold Ale) and Winter Storm Imperial ESB (gold medal winner at the 2008 World Beer Cup).
