The Chicago film industry is a central hub for motion picture production and exhibition that was established before Hollywood became the undisputed capital of film making.
 In the early 1900s, Chicago boasted the greatest number of production companies and filmmakers.
 Essanay Studios founded by George K. Spoor was one of the earliest successful studios to produce movies in Chicago, employing stars such as Charlie Chaplin and Gloria Swanson.
 Actor and co-founder of Essanay Studios "Broncho Billie" Anderson gave birth to the western genre.
 Early film companies such as Essanay Studios produced multiple silent films every week and rented viewing equipment to showcase the latest cinematography to the public.
 This rental culture gave birth to the popularity of Nickelodeons up until the Great Depression.
 However, due to the high demand for motion pictures during this time, a black market for films and equipment developed.
 The Motion Picture Patents Company, established in 1909 as a conglomerate of the major studios, sought to eliminate all illegal use of patented film equipment.
 As a result, independent ventures entered the film scene.
 Independents drove the film industry to the west to avoid legal trouble with the trust of major film companies united under the Motion Picture Patents Company.
 The west offered fairer weather and scenery that better accommodated film making.
 Not until the 1980s and early 21st century has Chicago experienced a film production revival.
 Blockbusters, such as "Blues Brothers", "Sixteen Candles", and "The Dark Knight", have rejuvenated the Chicago film scene.
 In the 21st century, Chicago further experienced a film revival due to a tax bill the state of Illinois passed to give filmmakers a 30% tax break on production costs.
Thor: The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
 It is the sequel to 2011's "Thor" and the eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
 The film was directed by Alan Taylor, with a screenplay by Christopher Yost and Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely.
 It stars Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Tom Hiddleston, Anthony Hopkins, Stellan Skarsgård, Idris Elba, Christopher Eccleston, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Kat Dennings, Ray Stevenson, Zachary Levi, Tadanobu Asano, Jaimie Alexander, and Rene Russo.
 In "Thor: The Dark World", Thor teams up with Loki to save the Nine Realms from the Dark Elves led by the vengeful Malekith, who intends to plunge the universe into darkness.
Chris Hemsworth (born 11 August 1983) is an Australian actor.
 He is known for playing Kim Hyde in the Australian TV series "Home and Away" (2004-07) and Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe since 2011.
 Hemsworth has also appeared in the science fiction action film "Star Trek" (2009), the thriller adventure "A Perfect Getaway" (2009), the horror comedy "The Cabin in the Woods" (2012), the dark-fantasy action film "Snow White and the Huntsman" (2012), the war film "Red Dawn" (2012), and the biographical sports drama film "Rush" (2013).
Thor: God of Thunder is an action hack and slash video game based on the Marvel Studios film "Thor".
 The game was developed by Liquid Entertainment and co-written by Matt Fraction.
 "Thor: God of Thunder" marks Thor's first standalone appearance in a video game and features the voices of Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston and Jaimie Alexander, who reprise their roles from the film.
 The game was released on May 3, 2011 in North America and is available on Nintendo DS, PlayStation 3, Wii, Xbox 360 and Nintendo 3DS.
 The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions of the game can be played in 3D on 3DTVs and on 2DTVs via TriOviz Inificolor 3D glasses.
 The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions were met with unfavorable reviews, while Wii version was met with mixed reviews and the DS version was met with favourable reviews.
 Doctor Doom is mentioned in the game.
Thor: The Dark World (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the film score for the Marvel Studios film, "" by Brian Tyler, which was released digitally by Hollywood Records in Europe on October 28, 2013.
 The album was released digitally in the United States on November 5, followed by a CD release on November 12, 2013.
 It is the first soundtrack in the Marvel Cinematic Universe to feature the "Marvel Studios Fanfare".
 All music was performed by the Philharmonia Orchestra of London and the London Philharmonic Orchestra.
 Vocals were performed by Azam Ali.
"Galgale Nighale" is one of the greatest Marathi motion picture discharged in 2008.
 It had everything required for any Marathi motion picture to be effective.
 To begin with it is a comic drama motion picture.
 Film featured the two greatest satire performing artists Bharat Jadhav and Siddharth Jadhav in Marathi silver screen.
 Them two are certain shot group puller.
 Bharat Jadhav's Character "Galgale" is lifted from a mainstream play "Sahi re Sahi" played by Bharat himself.
 This play and character Galgale is among the unsurpassed top in the fame graph.
 So there was substantially more interest in individuals in what manner will character Galgale will advance.
 At that point this is Kedar shinde's film, who had splendid past record.
 At that point Siddharth Jadhav is in negative part first time in his vocation.
 At that point the film is exhibited by Zee Talkies.
 This one is their third motion picture after "Sade Made Tin", and "De Dhakka".
 Like these two motion picture Zee talkies ensured "Galgale" will discharge in greatest theaters in Maharashtra, which is greatest errand for any Marathi producers.
 So this motion picture expected to have everything in it to be fruitful engaging film.
 Gori Gauri Mandavakhali is the superhit song from this film Galgale Nighale sung by Vaishali Samant and Anand Shinde.
Thor: Ragnarok is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
 It is intended to be the sequel to 2011's "Thor" and 2013's "" and the seventeenth film installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
 The film is directed by Taika Waititi with a screenplay by Eric Pearson and the writing team of Craig Kyle and Christopher Yost, and stars Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Cate Blanchett, Idris Elba, Jeff Goldblum, Tessa Thompson, Karl Urban, Mark Ruffalo, and Anthony Hopkins.
 In "Thor: Ragnarok", Thor must defeat the Hulk in a gladiatorial duel in time to save Asgard from Hela and the coming Ragnarök.
Marvel's The Avengers (classified under the name Marvel Avengers Assemble in the United Kingdom and Ireland), or simply The Avengers, is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
 It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
 The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Tom Hiddleston, Clark Gregg, Cobie Smulders, Stellan Skarsgård, and Samuel L. Jackson.
 In the film, Nick Fury, director of the peacekeeping organization S.H.I.E.L.D., recruits Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, and Thor to form a team that must stop Thor's brother Loki from subjugating Earth.
Thor is a 2011 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 It is the fourth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
 The film was directed by Kenneth Branagh, written by Ashley Edward Miller & Zack Stentz and Don Payne, and stars Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Tom Hiddleston, Stellan Skarsgård, Colm Feore, Ray Stevenson, Idris Elba, Kat Dennings, Rene Russo and Anthony Hopkins.
 The film sees Thor, the crown prince of Asgard, banished to Earth and stripped of his powers after he reignites a dormant war.
 As his brother, Loki, plots to take the throne for himself, Thor must prove himself worthy and reclaim his hammer Mjolnir.
Amy Mizzi (born 21 July 1983) is an Australian actress.
 She starred as Kit Hunter in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away" in 2003 and early 2004.
 Mizzi's departure from "Home and Away" was announced on 13 February 2004 but she continued to appear on a recurring basis throughout 2004 and returned in August 2005.
 She also made appearances in 2006, most recently in the last episode of "Home and Away" for 2006, when she returned pregnant with the baby of Kim Hyde (played by actor Chris Hemsworth).
 She was nominated for Most Popular New Female Talent in the Logie Awards of 2004, but the award was won by her "Home and Away" co-star Isabel Lucas.
