Theda Nelson Clarke, born Theda Rose Nelson, was a Native American activist.
 She is perhaps best known for her involvement in the Wounded Knee incident with the murder of fellow American Indian Movement activist Anna Mae Aquash.
The American Indian Movement (AIM) is an American Indian advocacy group in the United States, founded in July 1968 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 AIM was initially formed to address American Indian sovereignty, treaty issues, spirituality, and leadership, while simultaneously addressing incidents of police harassment and racism against Native Americans forced to move away from reservations and tribal culture by the 1950s-era enforcement of the U.S. federal government-enforced Indian Termination Policies originally created in the 1930s.
 "As independent citizens and taxpayers, without good education or experience, most 'terminated' Indians were reduced within a few years to widespread illness and utter poverty, whether or not they were relocated to cities," from the reservations.
 The various specific issues concerning Native American urban communities like the one in Minneapolis (disparagingly labeled "red ghettos") include unusually high unemployment levels, overt and covert racism, police harassment and neglect, epidemic drug abuse (mainly alcoholism), crushing poverty, domestic violence and substandard housing.
 AIM's paramount objective is to create "real economic independence for the Indians."
Thunderheart is a 1992 contemporary western mystery film directed by Michael Apted from an original screenplay by John Fusco.
 The film is a loosely based fictional portrayal of events relating to the Wounded Knee incident in 1973, when followers of the American Indian Movement seized the South Dakota town of Wounded Knee in protest against federal government policy regarding Native Americans.
 Incorporated in the plot is the character of Ray Levoi, played by actor Val Kilmer, as an FBI agent with Sioux heritage investigating a murder on a Native American reservation.
 Sam Shepard, Graham Greene, Fred Ward and Sheila Tousey star in principal supporting roles.
 Also in 1992, Apted had previously directed a documentary surrounding a Native American activist episode involving the murder of FBI agents titled "Incident at Oglala".
 The documentary depicts the indictment of activist Leonard Peltier during a 1975 shootout on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.
The Bureau of Indian Affairs building takeover refers to a protest by Native Americans at the Department of Interior headquarters in the national capital of Washington, DC from November 3 to November 9, 1972.
 On November 3, a group of around 500 American Indians with the American Indian Movement (AIM) took over the Interior building in Washington, D.C..
 It was the culmination of their cross-country journey in the Trail of Broken Treaties, intended to bring attention to American Indian issues such as living standards and treaty rights.
 The march had brought to Washington the largest gathering ever of Native Americans and supporters hoping to speak to government officials about their concerns and to gain change to help their peoples.
Edward D. Castillo, of the Luiseño-Cahuilla tribes, is a Native American activist who participated in the American Indian occupation of Alcatraz in 1969.
 Current professor and director of Native American Studies at the Sonoma State University in California, he wrote several chapters in the Smithsonian Institution's "Handbook of North American Indians" and in "Mission Indian Federation: Protecting Tribal Sovereignty 1919-1967", published in the "Encyclopedia of Native Americans" in the 20th Century.
 He is editor of Native American Perspectives on the Hispanic Colonization of Alta California and The Pomo, A Tribal History.
 Castillo is a regular contributor of book reviews to historical journals such as Indian Historian, Journal of California Anthropology, Western Historical Quarterly, American Indian Quarterly and California History.
Thelma Conroy-Rios, was a Native American activist.
 She is perhaps best known for her involvement in the Wounded Knee incident with the murder of fellow American Indian Movement activist Anna Mae Aquash.
Custer Died for Your Sins: An Indian Manifesto, is a 1969, non-fiction book by the lawyer, professor and writer Vine Deloria, Jr. The book was noteworthy for its relevance to the Alcatraz-Red Power Movement and other activist organizations, such as the American Indian Movement, which was beginning to expand.
 Deloria's book encouraged better use of federal funds aimed at helping Native Americans.
 Vine Deloria, Jr. presents Native Americans in a humorous light, devoting an entire chapter to Native American humor.
 "Custer Died for Your Sins" was significant in its presentation of Native Americans as a people who were able to retain their tribal society and morality, while existing in the modern world.
This is a list of notable Native Americans from peoples indigenous to the contemporary United States, including Native Alaskans, Native Hawaiians, and Native Americans in the United States.
 Native American identity is a complex and contested issue.
 The Bureau of Indian Affairs defines Native American as having American Indian or Alaska Native ancestry.
 Legally, being Native American is defined as being enrolled in a federally recognized tribe or Alaskan village.
 Ethnologically, factors such as culture, history, language, religion, and familial kinships can influence Native American identity.
 All individuals on this list should have Native American ancestry.
 Historical figures might predate tribal enrollment practices and would be included based on ethnological tribal membership,
Arlo Looking Cloud was a Native American activist.
 He is perhaps best known for his involvement with the murder of fellow American Indian Movement activist Anna Mae Aquash.
John Graham, who allegedly went by the alias John Boy Patton and John Boy Patten in the presence of members of the American Indian Movement, was a Native American activist.
 He is perhaps best known for being the person who executed fellow American Indian Movement activist Anna Mae Aquash using a firearm.
