Mayor Boss (born 5 June 1986), is a Nigerian rapper, singer, songwriter and video producer based in Europe.
 He is member of the Nigerian Hip-hop, R&B & Pop group called Young Paperboyz and also has developed a solo career for himself with a major debut release of his two solo single called “My Diva,” and Mi Meow.
 Mayor Boss has also founded his own record label, Naijamayor Records
Naetochukwu Chikwe, stage name Naeto C, is a Nigerian rapper, Afrobeat artist and record producer.
 He was born in Houston, Texas and is of Nigerian origin.
Gidi Up is a Nigerian television and web drama series starring OC Ukeje, Deyemi Okanlawon, Somkele Iyamah, and Titilope Sonuga in lead roles.
 The series is created by Jadesola Osiberu and executively produced by Lola Odedina.
 It is produced by Ndani TV and sponsored by GTBank.
 Episodes are first aired online through "Ndani.tv" web channel, and the first episode was aired on 20 February 2013.
Elohor Eva Alordiah (born 13 August 1989), better known as Eva Alordiah or simply Eva, is a Nigerian rapper, entertainer, make-up artist, fashion designer and entrepreneur.
 She is considered one of the best female rappers in Nigeria.
 Since her breakthrough into the Nigerian Music Industry, Eva has garnered several awards including one Nigeria Entertainment Award from 4 nominations, one Eloy Award, and one YEM award from 2 nominations.
 Her debut EP, titled "The GIGO E.P", was released for free digital download on 20 November 2011.
 Eva is the owner of makeupByOrsela, a company that specialises in Makeup services.
 In November 2014, Eva released her self-titled second EP.
 Her debut studio album, "1960", was scheduled to be released in January 2015.
Folarin Falana (born October 27, 1990 in Lagos State), better known by his stage name Falz is a Nigerian rapper, actor, and songwriter.
 He began his career while in secondary school after forming a group called "The School Boys" with his friend before his professional career as a music artiste began in 2009.
 Falz shot into limelight after his song titled "Marry Me" (featuring vocals from Poe and Yemi Alade) won him a nomination in the "Best Collaboration of The Year" category at the 2015 Nigeria Entertainment Awards.
 He was also nominated in the "Best Rap Act of The Year" and "Best New Act to Watch" categories at the same event.
 He currently owns an independent record label called Bahd Guys Records.
No Guts No Glory (abbreviated as NGNG) is the debut studio album by Nigerian rapper Phyno, released by Sputnet Records and Penthauze Music on March 20, 2014.
 It features guest appearances from P-Square, Omawumi, Olamide, Stormrex, Efa, Flavour N'abania, Runtown, Ice Prince, M.I, Mr Raw, Timaya and Illbliss.
 Phyno enlisted Major Bangz, Wizzy Pro, Chopstix and JStunt to assist with production.
 Initially scheduled for a November 2013 release, the album was strategically pushed back in order to capitalize on the downtime of the Nigerian Music Industry during the first quarter of the year.
Nigerian recording artist and music producer Slim Burna has recorded a total of twenty three songs including remixes, covers and guest features.
 After he quit his production job at Grafton Records in 2008, he formed Street Rhymes and has since made beats and created music in his own studio.
 In 2009, he released his own version of "Oyoyo" (originally by J Martins) which helped gain him some attention.
 The song became a hit record, appearing on several mix albums put together by the Nigerian DJs Coalition.
 He collaborated with award-winning Nigerian rapper M-Trill on the song "Oya Na", which was duly released in May 2012.
 The following month, Burna released "I'm on Fire" and hinted towards a new mixtape.
 He later confirmed through a video footage that he had begun work on his debut project.
 The second single released from the tape was "All Day" which Burna recorded with some vocal assistance from fellow Garden City singer Bukwild Da Ikwerrian.
 Bukwild contributed to the songwriting and delivered the second verse of the track.
 Burna also collaborated with P.I. Piego, a member of Hip hop group Ruud Boiz, on the third single "Claro", released on February 8, 2013.
 His first full length project "I'm on Fire" was released on April 11, 2013.
 Later that same year, Burna also contributed a guest verse to the song "Bad Girl" for Young Paperboyz's second studio album, "Naija Boss Techno Reloaded" and released the song "Oh Na Na Na" in commemoration of Nigeria's 53rd Independence Day Anniversary, which ultimately became the first top ten hit of his career.
Beyond Blood is a 2016 Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Greg Odutayo, and starring Kehinde Bankole, Joseph Benjamin, Bimbo Manuel, Deyemi Okanlawon, Carol King, Wole Ojo and Shan George.
 It premiered on 14 January 2016 in Lagos, and was generally released on 15 January 2016.
Deyemi Okanlawon is a Nigerian film, television, theatre and voice actor.
 He is best known for his roles in the TV Series "Gidi Up" and "An African City" and featured in Movies, "If Tomorrow Comes" and "Road to Yesterday" as well as his cameo appearances in a number of Nigerian music videos including "No be You" by Waje and "Soldier" by Falz The Bahd Guy.
Man in the Mirror is a song by Nigerian rapper MCskill ThaPreacha from his 2016 studio album, "Diary of a Supernatural".
 It features guest vocals from Nigerian Soul singer Freeborn.
 The song which shares the same title with Michael Jackson's classic song Man in the Mirror focuses on how change begins with the man in the mirror.
