Red Hot + Bothered (also known as Red Hot + Bothered: The Indie Rock Guide Book to Dating) is an anthology of the indie rock scene from the 1990s produced by Paul Heck.
 It was released as part of the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series.
Optic Nerve is an interactive CD-ROM showcasing the life and work of multimedia artist David Wojnarowicz.
 The disc includes film, interviews, music, performance, painting and writing from the artist.
 The release is the first entry in the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series with a non-musical focus.
 Production was handled by the Red Hot Organization (RHO) and Funny Garbage, in conjunction with the New Museum of Contemporary Art exhibit entitled "Fever: The Art of David Wojnarowicz."
Red Hot + Rhapsody: The Gershwin Groove is a compilation album produced by Paul Heck of the Red Hot Organization (RHO) to celebrate the birthday of George Gershwin.
 This compilation is the twelfth entry from the international organization's Red Hot Benefit Series.
 As with other compilations toward the series, this release serves as a fundraising tool for the RHO's AIDS awareness efforts.
Red Hot + Rio is a compilation album produced by Béco Dranoff and Paul Heck as part of the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series intended to promote AIDS awareness.
 This installment is a contemporary tribute to the Bossa nova sound, especially the music of Antonio Carlos Jobim.
 This release has proven to be one of the Red Hot series' more successful projects, generating hundreds of thousands of dollars for AIDS charities around the world.
Skylab is a United Kingdom-based ambient/electronica outfit formed in 1993.
 They have been featured on multiple compilations from the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series of albums produced by the Red Hot Organization, and have worked with the likes of Steve Dahl.
 Their membership at the time of their album debut were Toshio Nakanishi, K.U.D.O., Howie B and Mat Ducasse.
America Is Dying Slowly (a backronym for AIDS) is a compilation album that is the eighth in the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series recorded by the Red Hot Organization.
 It featured collaborations from several hip hop acts, including Mobb Deep, De La Soul, Coolio, Biz Markie, Chubb Rock, The Lost Boyz, Pete Rock, Common and Wu-Tang Clan.
Offbeat: A Red Hot Soundtrip is a compilation album from the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series produced by Paul Heck.
 It combines elements of ambient, spoken word, and trip hop to expand the ideas of artistic collage and spiritual transcendence of ""the Beats"".
 The album is an offshoot of a larger project called The Beat Experience, which explored the legacy of the Beat movement.
Babe the Blue OX (BOX) are a Brooklyn-based rock band.
 Formed in 1991, the trio was initially composed of Tim Thomas (guitar, vocals), Rose Thomson (bass, vocals) and Hanna Fox (drums, vocals).
 in 1995, the band contributed the song "Hazmats" to the AIDS benefit album Red Hot + Bothered produced by the Red Hot Organization.
 Fox's husband Eddie Gormley was formally added as 2nd drummer in 1998, and the band continues to play 4 or 5 shows a year.
 In 2010, they were a headline act at the Cincinnati Mid-Point Music Festival.
Stolen Moments: Red Hot + Cool is one of the compilation albums from the Red Hot project.
 This fifth entry in the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series was heralded as the "Album of the Year" by "TIME" upon its release in 1994 by GRP Records.
Red Hot + Indigo is the 13th entry from the Red Hot AIDS benefit series of compilation albums produced by Paul Heck.
 It marks the tenth anniversary of the Red Hot Organization (RHO), an international organization which uses mass media as a fundraising tool for its efforts at increasing public AIDS awareness.
