The registered trademark symbol (®) is a symbol that provides notice that the preceding word or symbol is a trademark or service mark that has been registered with a national trademark office.
 A trademark is a symbol, word, or words legally registered or established by use as representing a company or product.
 In some countries it is against the law to use the registered trademark symbol for a mark that is not officially registered in any country.
Ugg boots trademark disputes are the disputes between some footwear manufacturers, as to whether "ugg" is a protected trademark, or a generic term and thus ineligible for trademark protection.
 In Australia and New Zealand, where "Ugg" is a generic term for the style of footwear, 81 registered trademarks include the term "Ugg" in various logos and designs.
 By contrast, UGG is a registered trademark of the California-based company Deckers Outdoor Corporation in over 130 countries worldwide, including the U.S., the European Union, and China.
Since 2003, Lyoness has been the registered trademark name for a group of globally distributed (mostly privately owned, limited-liability) corporate structures, which originated in Austria.
 Lyoness comprises at least seven corporations registered in Switzerland, nine corporations registered in Austria and approximately 42 additional national and regional corporations all around the globe.
 The name ‘Lyoness’ was derived from the Celtic mythological kingdom ‘Lyonesse’.
 "Lyconet" was introduced in 2014 as a new trademark name for the same group of corporations.
Trademark infringement is a violation of the exclusive rights attached to a trademark without the authorization of the trademark owner or any licensees (provided that such authorization was within the scope of the licence).
 Infringement may occur when one party, the "infringer", uses a trademark which is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark owned by another party, in relation to products or services which are identical or similar to the products or services which the registration covers.
 An owner of a trademark may commence civil legal proceedings against a party which infringes its registered trademark.
 In the United States, the Trademark Counterfeiting Act of 1984 criminalized the intentional trade in counterfeit goods and services.
The service mark symbol (℠), the letters "SM" in superscript style) is a symbol used in the United States to provide notice that the preceding mark is a service mark.
 This symbol has some legal force, and is typically used for service marks not yet registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office; registered service marks are instead marked with the same symbol used for registered trademarks, the registered trademark symbol ®.
 The proper manner to display the symbol is immediately following the mark in superscript style.
Retina Display is a brand name used by Apple for its series of IPS panel displays that have a higher pixel density than traditional displays.
 Apple has applied to register the term "Retina" as a trademark in regard to computers and mobile devices with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Canadian Intellectual Property Office, and in Jamaica.
 On November 27, 2012 the US Patent and Trademark office approved Apple's application and "Retina" is now a registered trademark for computer equipment.
US Arab Chamber of Commerce (USACC) is a nonprofit organization, headquartered in Washington DC to strengthen the bilateral trade relations between the United States and the Arab states.
 USACC is a registered trademark in the United States and registered under the federal law with serial number: 77219861, on 10th February 2009.
 The trademark was published for opposition in the United States Patent and Trademark Office monthly magazine on 25th November 2008.
Charactron was a U.S. registered trademark (number 0585950, 23 February 1954) of Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation (Convair) for its shaped electron beam cathode ray tube.
 Charactron CRTs performed functions of both a display device and a read-only memory storing multiple characters and fonts.
 The similar Typotron was a U.S. registered trademark (23 November 1953) of Hughes Aircraft Corporation for its type of shaped electron beam storage tube with a direct-view bistable storage screen.
Washlet (ウォシュレット , Woshuretto ) is a registered trademark of the Japanese toilet company Toto, referring to electric toilet seats with water spray feature for genital and anal cleansing.
 It falls into the category of "electronic bidets" and is commonplace on toilets in Japan.
 Released in June 1980, a total of more than 30 million washlets have been sold by January 2011.
 Washlets have a large share in the cleansing toilet seats market and are so well-known that similar products from other toilet manufacturers like LIXIL (“shower toilet”) are also colloquially referred to as washlets, even though “washlet” is a registered trademark of Toto.
The word "hyfrecator" is a portmanteau derived from “high-frequency eradicator.”
 It was introduced as a brand name for a device introduced in 1940 by the Birtcher Corporation of Los Angeles.
 Birtcher also trademark registered the name Hyfrecator in 1939, and rights to the registered trademark were acquired by ConMed Corporation when it acquired Birtcher in 1995.
 Today, machines with the name "Hyfrecator" are sold only by ConMed Corporation.
 However, the word "hyfrecator" is sometimes used as a genericized trademark to refer to any dedicated non-ground-return electrosurgical apparatus, and a number of manufacturers now produce such machines, although not by this name.
