The Georgia national rugby union team has competed in four consecutive Rugby World Cup tournaments.
 Starting in 2003, they were placed in Pool C with eventual winners England, South Africa, Uruguay and Samoa, where they lost all four matches.
 Georgia qualified for the 2007 World Cup and were placed in Pool D with Argentina, France, Ireland and Namibia, where they beat Namibia.
 In 2011 Rugby World Cup, Georgia qualified for their third straight tournament.
 They were placed in Pool B with Scotland, England, Argentina and Romania and won the game against rivals Romania.
 Their best performance was in 2015 tournament, when they were drawn against eventual world champions New Zealand, Argentina, Tonga and Namibia.
 Georgia won games against Tonga and Namibia, finished third in the group and automatically qualified for 2019 Rugby World Cup.
2017 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group III – Pool C
Pool C of the 2007 Rugby World Cup began on 8 September and concluded on 29 September 2007.
 The pool was composed of World Cup debutantes Portugal, Italy, New Zealand, Romania and Scotland.
Pool C of the 2017 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group I was one of four pools in the Europe/Africa zone of the 2017 Fed Cup.
 Four teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team and the bottom team proceeding to their respective sections of the play-offs: the top team played for advancement to the World Group II Play-offs, while the bottom team faced potential relegation to Group II.
Pool C of the 2017 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Group II was one of four pools in the Asia/Oceania Group II of the 2017 Fed Cup.
 Three teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team and bottom teams proceeding to their respective sections of the play-offs: the top team played for advancement to Group I.
Pool C of the First Round of the 2017 World Baseball Classic was held at Marlins Park, Miami, Florida, United States, from March 9 to 12, 2017, between Canada, Colombia, the Dominican Republic, and the United States.
 Pool C was a round-robin tournament.
 Each team played the other three teams once, with the top two teams – the Dominican Republic and the United States – advancing to Pool F, one of two second-round pools.
 Manny Machado of the Dominican Republic was named MVP for the first-round Pool C bracket of the WBC, after batting .357.
Pool C of the 2015 Rugby World Cup began on 19 September and was completed on 11 October 2015.
 The pool was composed of New Zealand (the title holders), Argentina and Tongawho all qualified automatically for the tournament due to finishing in the top three positions in their pools in 2011along with the top European qualifier, Georgia, and the top African qualifier, Namibia.
Pool C of the First Round of the 2009 World Baseball Classic was held at Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada from March 7 to 11, 2009.
Pool C of the 2011 Rugby World Cup began on 11 September 2011 and was completed on 2 October.
 The pool was composed of Australia, Ireland, Italy, Russia and the United States.
 While history would suggest Pool C as a predictable in outcome, this was not the case.
 A shock win by the Irish over Australia saw Australia finish second in the pool stage for the second time, the first being in 1995 after the loss to the hosts South Africa.
Pool C of the 2017 Fed Cup Americas Group II was one of four pools in the Americas Group II of the 2017 Fed Cup.
 Three teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team and bottom teams proceeding to their respective sections of the play-offs: the top team played for advancement to Group I.
