"Song to Say Goodbye" is the second single from Placebo's fifth studio album, "Meds".
 It was produced by Dimitri Tikovoi.
 The first single, "Because I Want You" was only released in the United Kingdom, so elsewhere, "Song to Say Goodbye" is considered the first single from "Meds".
 The song develops around piano notes that repeat throughout it.
 The song deals with heroin addiction and its influence on the relationships of the parties involved.
"Don't Say Goodbye" is a song by Mexican recording artist Paulina Rubio, from her sixth studio album "Border Girl" (2002).
 It was written by Cheryl Yie and Joshua 'Gen' Rubin and was produced and arranged by Gen Rubin himself.
 "Don't Say Goodbye" was released as the album's first single by Universal Records on April 30, 2002.
"It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday" is an R&B song written by Motown husband-and-wife songwriting team Freddie Perren and Christine Yarian for the 1975 film "Cooley High".
 In the film, the song is performed by Motown artist G.C. Cameron, whose rendition peaked at number 38 on the "Billboard" R&B singles chart that same year.
 Perren also composed the instrumental score for "Cooley High", and the B-side to "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday" features two of his score compositions from the film.
Joel Philip Stacey (born January 21, 1978) is an American singer who first gained national attention on season 6 of the television talent show "American Idol".
 After being eliminated from the competition on May 2, 2007, he was signed to a recording contract with Lyric Street Records.
 His debut single, "If You Didn't Love Me", was released to radio in early 2008 as the lead-off to his self-titled debut album, which was issued April 29, 2008 on Lyric Street.
 Stacey's second album, "Into the Light", was released on August 25, 2009 via Reunion Records.
William Harold Dean Jr. (born April 2, 1962) is an American country music singer and songwriter.
 Billy Dean first gained national attention after appearing on the television talent competition "Star Search".
 Active as a recording artist since 1990, he has recorded a total of eight studio albums (of which the first three have been certified gold by the RIAA) and a greatest hits package which is also certified gold.
 His studio albums have accounted for more than 20 hit singles on the "Billboard" country charts, including 11 Top Ten hits.
 In 2000, he had a Billboard Number one as a guest artist along with Allison Kraus on Kenny Rogers' "Buy Me a Rose", and had two Number Ones on the "RPM" country charts in Canada.
"We'll Never Have to Say Goodbye Again" is a song by Jeffrey Comanor from the album "A Rumor in His Own Time", which debuted in September 1976.
 Written by Comanor, the song describes a couple who spend a night together, one which the narrator wishes would "never end".
 Both the song, which Epic Records released as a single, and album failed to chart.
 Discovered four months later by Arista Records President Clive Davis, "We'll Never Have to Say Goodbye Again" was covered by soft rock duo Deardorff & Joseph for their eponymous debut album, released on Arista.
 After Deardorff & Joseph disbanded, Marcia Day, who managed Maureen McGovern, became the manager of Deardorff, while Susan Joseph, who managed England Dan & John Ford Coley, became the manager of Joseph.
 Both McGovern and England Dan & John Ford Coley released covers of "We'll Never Have to Say Goodbye Again" in February 1978; while McGovern's failed to chart, Dan & Coley's spent six weeks at number one on the "Billboard" US Easy Listening chart, reached number two on the "RPM" Canada Adult Contemporary chart, and went to numbers nine and eleven on the magazines' respective overall charts.
"She Even Woke Me Up to Say Goodbye" is a song written by Doug Gilmore and Mickey Newbury, and recorded by American country music artist Jerry Lee Lewis.
 Released in September 1969, it was the first single from his album "She Even Woke Me Up to Say Goodbye".
 The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Lari Michele White ( ; born May 13, 1965) is an American country music artist and actress.
 She first gained national attention in 1988 as a winner on "You Can Be a Star", a talent competition which aired on The Nashville Network.
 A recording contract with RCA Records Nashville followed a year later, producing three studio albums, a greatest hits package, and several chart singles, with three of her singles having reached Top Ten: "That's My Baby" and "That's How You Know (When You're In Love)" at No. 10, and "Now I Know" at No. 5.
 A fourth studio album was released in 1998 on Lyric Street Records, followed by two more releases on White's own label, Skinny White Girl.
 Overall, White has charted 12 times on the "Billboard" country music charts.
I Am Woman: The Essential Helen Reddy Collection is a compilation album by Australian-American pop singer Helen Reddy that was released in 1998 by Razor & Tie and, in addition to the title track, includes three additional songs written or cowritten by Reddy ("Best Friend", "More Than You Could Take", and "I Think I'll Write a Song") as well as rare compilation appearances by "Bluebird", "The Fool on the Hill", and two recordings from her brief time with MCA Records ("I Can't Say Goodbye to You" and "Never Say Goodbye").
"Never Say Goodbye" is a song by American rock band Bon Jovi, written by Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora.
 It was a track off the band's third album, "Slippery When Wet", in June 1987, and reached number 11 on the mainstream rock charts and number 21 in the UK Singles Chart.
 Because it was not released domestically as a commercially available single, "Never Say Goodbye" was ineligible to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100; nevertheless, it reached number 28 on the Hot 100 Airplay survey.
