Storm Hawks is a Canadian animated television series created by Asaph "Ace" Fipke and was produced by Nerd Corps Entertainment in association with Cartoon Network and YTV.
 It premiered on Cartoon Network in the United States on May 25, 2007.
 It began airing on YTV in Canada on September 8, 2007.
 It started to air on Cartoon Network in the UK on August 6, 2007.
 In Poland, it started to air on Cartoon Network on November 10, 2007.
 Internationally, it first aired on ABC1 in Australia on February 26, 2008 and on Hero in the Philippines on March 12, 2008.
 The show also started airing in Singapore on okto, Bulgaria, Turkey, Portugal and Romania in 2008.
 Disney XD began airing the series on February 28, 2011.
 In 2016 it returned to Canada on Family Chrgd.
Cory Doran (born February 7, 1982) is a Canadian voice actor and director who is known as the voice of Jimmy, the star of the animated show, "Jimmy Two-Shoes".
 He also voices the character Mike in the series "Total Drama".
 He took over for Lou Attia as the voice of Fungus in the second season of the Cartoon Network/YTV animated television series, Numb Chucks.
 He also provided the voice of Bummer in Cartoon Network/Teletoon series "Stoked" and Dabio in the "PBS Kids" animated series "Wild Kratts".
Robotboy is an animated children's television series which is produced by French production company Alphanim for France 3 and Cartoon Network Europe, as well as the studios LuxAnimation and Cofinova 1.
 It was created and designed by Jan Van Rijsselberge and was directed in Alphanim's studio in Paris by Charlie Bean, who worked on other programs such as "Dexter's Laboratory", "The Powerpuff Girls", and "Samurai Jack".
 The series first aired in the United Kingdom on 1 November 2005 on Cartoon Network.
 The series premiered in the United States on 28 December 2005 as part of a "sneak peek" preview week for the network's new Saturday morning cartoon lineup that debuted on 14 January 2006.
 Reruns of the show are still airing in Eastern Europe, United Kingdom, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium and Germany, as well in some Latin American countries like Venezuela and Colombia, but is no longer shown in the United States or Asian territories.
Sheep in the Big City is an American animated television series created by Mo Willems for Cartoon Network, and the 9th of the network's Cartoon Cartoons.
 The series' pilot first premiered as part of Cartoon Network's "Cartoon Cartoon Summer" on August 18, 2000.
Out of Jimmy's Head (abbreviated as OOJH), is an American live-action/animated television series.
 It was advertised as the first Cartoon Network series in this genre, even though "Big Bag" was what took credit, while also including some animated segments.
 Based on the first live-action/animated original channel movie "Re-Animated", that was aired on December 8, 2006, it is produced by Cartoon Network Studios and Brookwell McNamara Entertainment (the latter known for shows such as "Even Stevens" and "That's So Raven").
 It was created by Tim McKeon and Adam Pava, who were originally the writers for "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends" and "The Life and Times of Juniper Lee", but also the creators of "Weighty Decisions" short on Cartoon Network's "Sunday Pants" anthology series.
Kathryn "Kat" Cressida (born March 1, 1968) is an American voice actress.
 She guest-starred in several television shows and was featured in a few films before moving into voice-over full-time in 2000.
 She is notable as a top celebrity voice matcher, impersonating top female stars for Disney Channel, DreamWorks, and gaming companies, among others.
 She is noted for being the first woman to do live announcing for ESPN's coverage of the 2010 NFL Draft, as well as announcing for several other shows for ESPN, NBC Sports, and Versus.
 She is famous as the voice of Dee Dee in season 2 and 4 of the Cartoon Network program "Dexter's Laboratory", Uta in the F/X animated series "Archer", Jayna of the Wonder Twins in a Cartoon Network eyecatch to differentiate "fact and fantasy" in the late 1990s and early 2000s, as well as for voicing the first new character added to Disneyland and Disney World's The Haunted Mansion since its inception in 1969, as Constance, the Black Widow Bride.
 She can also be heard in other attractions throughout the Disney Parks, including Twilight Zone Tower of Terror and Epcot "Character Spot".
 She has been featured as a lead and featured voice for several game titles, notably several LucasArts games, "EverQuest", "Titan Quest", "Dragon Age", and "World of Warcraft", among others.
"Clarence" is an American animated television series created by Skyler Page for Cartoon Network.
 Page, a former Cartoon Network storyboard artist for the series "Adventure Time" and storyboard revisionist for "Secret Mountain Fort Awesome", developed the series at Cartoon Network Studios in 2012 as part of their animated short development initiative.
 The series revolves around a young boy named Clarence, who is optimistic about everything.
 The network initially commissioned twelve 15-minute episodes, and aired the pilot following the 2014 "Hall of Game Awards" show on February 17, 2014.
Right Now Kapow is an American animated sketch comedy television series produced by Warner Bros.
 Animation for Disney XD.
 It is the first collaboration between Warner Bros.
 Animation and Disney.
 The series premiered on September 19, 2016 and ended on May 31, 2017.
 The series was created by Justin Becker and Marly Halpern-Graser, who previously worked on the Cartoon Network series "Mad".
 Becker also worked on Adult Swim infomercials, and Halpern-Graser also worked on Cartoon Network's "DC Nation".
 The series follows Dog, Candy, Ice Cream, Diamond, Plant, and Moon going on new adventures everyday...and find themselves in mischief.
 Every episode of the series has 3 main parts in every 11-minute segment and other random shorts.
 The series has a style of humor similar to Cartoon Network's previous series, "Mad".
Generator Rex is an American science fantasy action animated television series created by Man of Action for Cartoon Network.
 John Fang of Cartoon Network Studios serves as supervising director.
 It is inspired by the comic "M. Rex", published by Image Comics in 1999.
 The series premiered in the United States on April 23, 2010, on Cartoon Network.
 "Generator Rex" is rated TV-PG-V.
 The last episode of the series aired January 3, 2013.
"Dexter's Laboratory" is an American animated television series created by Genndy Tartakovsky for Cartoon Network.
 Initially debuting on February 26, 1995, as a seven-minute "World Premiere Toons" pilot, it was expanded into a full series after gaining network approval.
 The first season, which consists of 13 episodes divided into three segments each, premiered on TNT on March 24, 1996, and TBS on April 14, 1996 and later Cartoon Network on April 28.
 A second season of 39 episodes followed in 1997.
 In this season, Allison Moore, the voice actor for Dee Dee, was replaced by Kathryn Cressida.
 "Last but Not Beast", the second-season finale, was originally supposed to conclude the series in 1998.
 However, Tartakovsky directed a television movie titled "" which aired on Cartoon Network on December 10, 1999.
 He left the series after the movie, focusing on his other projects, "Samurai Jack" and "".
