Taningia is a genus of squid in the family Octopoteuthidae.
 It has one confirmed species, "Taningia danae".
 Another species, "Taningia persica", is suggested, but has been questioned.
 The genus is named after Danish fisheries biologist Aage Vedel Taaning (1890-1958).
Aurelia Frances Plath (née Schober; April 26, 1906 – March 11, 1994) was the wife of Otto Emil Plath, the mother of the American poet Sylvia Plath, and her brother Warren, and the grandmother of Frieda Rebecca Hughes and Nicholas Farrar Hughes.
Kamakichi Kishinouye (岸上 鎌吉 , Kishinoue Kamakichi , 29 November 1867 – 22 November 1929) was a Japanese fisheries biologist and cnidariologist and a professor of the Imperial University of Tokyo (Faculty of Agriculture) between 1908 and 1928.
 Kishinouye died in Chengtu of a sudden illness while on a collecting expedition to China.
Archibald Gowanlock Huntsman (November 23, 1883 – August 8, 1973) was a Canadian academic, oceanographer, and fisheries biologist.
 He is best known for his research on Atlantic salmon and inventing the fast freezing of fish fillets in 1929.
Otto Emil Plath (April 13, 1885 – November 5, 1940) was a German American author, a professor of biology and German at Boston University, and an entomologist, with a specific expertise on bees.
 He was the father of American poet Sylvia Plath, Warren Plath, and the husband of Aurelia Plath.
 He wrote the 1934 book, "Bumblebees and Their Ways".
 He is notable for being the probable subject of one of his daughter's most well-known poems, "Daddy".
Nicholas Farrar Hughes (January 17, 1962 – March 16, 2009) was a fisheries biologist known as an expert in stream salmonid ecology.
 Hughes was the son of the American poet Sylvia Plath and English poet Ted Hughes and the younger brother of artist and poet Frieda Hughes.
 He and his sister were well known to the public through the media when he was a small child, especially after the well-publicized suicide of his mother.
 Hughes held dual British/American citizenship.
David Henry Cushing FRS was an English born fisheries biologist, who is credited with the development the match/mismatch hypothesis as an explanation for reduced fish stocks as associated with climatic variability.
 As opposed to other important fisheries biologists, such as Daniel Pauly and Carl J. Walters, Cushing was a proponent of keeping fisheries open to the point of collapse.
Dr. Robert J. Behnke (December 30, 1929 – September 13, 2013) was an American fisheries biologist and conservationist who was recognized as a world authority on the classification of salmonid fishes.
 He was popularly known as "Dr. Trout" or "The Trout Doctor".
 His seminal work, "Trout and Salmon of North America", was published in 2002.
 He wrote a regular column for "Trout Magazine", the quarterly publication of Trout Unlimited.
 He was a fisheries biologist with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in the Colorado Cooperative Fish and Wildlife Research Unit and a professor at Colorado State University in the 1970s.
 He became a Professor Emeritus at the Department of Fishery and Wildlife Biology at Colorado State University.
NOAAS "Reuben Lasker" is a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) fishery research vessel.
 The ship's namesake, Reuben Lasker, was a fisheries biologist who served with the Southwest Fisheries Center, National Marine Fisheries Service, and taught at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography.
Carl Georg Johannes Petersen (24 October 1860 – 11 May 1928) was a Danish marine biologist, especially fisheries biologist.
 He was the first to describe communities of benthic marine invertebrates and is often considered a founder of modern fisheries research.
 Especially he was the first to use the Mark and recapture method which he used to estimate the size of a Plaice population.
 The Lincoln-Petersen method also known as the Petersen-Lincoln index is named after him.
