The View from the Bottom is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Lit, released on June 19, 2012 through Megaforce Records.
 It is the band's first new album in eight years, since the release of their self-titled album in 2004.
 It also marks the first album with Nathan Walker on drums, succeeding the late Allen Shellenberger, who died in 2009, and rhythm guitarist Ryan Gillmor, making it the only time the band has recorded as a five-piece.
Iron Butterfly is an American rock band best known for the 1968 hit "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida", providing a dramatic sound that led the way towards the development of hard rock and heavy metal music.
 Formed in San Diego, California, among band members who used to be "arch enemies", their heyday was the late 1960s, but the band has been reincarnated with various members with varying levels of success, with no new recordings since 1975.
 The band's seminal 1968 album "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" is among the world's 40 best-selling albums, selling more than 30 million copies.
 Iron Butterfly is also notable for being the first group to receive an RIAA platinum award.
Lynyrd Skynyrd (pronounced ) is an American rock band best known for popularizing the Southern rock genre during the 1970s.
 Originally formed in 1964 as "My Backyard" in Jacksonville, Florida, the band was also known by names such as "The Noble Five" and "One Percent", before finally deciding on "Lynyrd Skynyrd" in 1969.
 The band gained worldwide recognition for its live performances and signature songs "Sweet Home Alabama" and "Free Bird".
 At the peak of their success, two band members and a backup singer died in an airplane crash in 1977, putting an abrupt end to the band's most popular incarnation.
 The band has sold 28 million records in the United States.
Coming Home is the fifth studio album by American rock band New Found Glory.
 It was produced by the band along with Thom Panunzio and released on September 19, 2006 through Geffen Records.
 Written and demoed at the Morning View Mansion in Malibu, California during 2005, "Coming Home" is a concept album unified by a lyrical theme of being away from home and loved ones.
 The album marks a departure from the band's earlier work, implementing a more layered and mid-tempo sound that features various piano, keyboard, and string instrumentation more comparable to classic rock than their usual pop punk style.
Hit and Run is the fifth studio album by the American rock band T.S.O.L. (True Sounds of Liberty), released in 1987 through Enigma Records.
 It marked a stylistic shift for the band, who departed from their earlier gothic rock and hard rock efforts in favor of a glam metal persona and sound.
 "Hit and Run" was T.S.O.L.'s only release to chart, reaching no. 184 on the "Billboard" 200, but the band's new direction alienated their fans in vast numbers and was criticized by reviewers.
 Enigma found the album difficult to market due to the group's change in musical style and image.
 It failed to be the commercial breakthrough the members had hoped for, and T.S.O.L. left Enigma as a result.
The KOLIN are a Hungarian indie-pop band best known for their hit song "San Francisco".
 The band was formed in 2007 in Budapest.
 Their music style is synthpop influenced with indie rock and new rave sounds.
 The band consists of Márkó Linczényi (vocals/synthesizer), Ágoston Iván (drums) and Ferigeri (bass).
 Their debut album called "Yell Into The Kazzo".
 It was released in 2008 by Universal Music Group.
 The KOLIN won the award for Best Hungarian Act at the 2009 and 2010 MTV Europe Music Awards.
Finger Eleven is a Canadian rock band from Burlington, Ontario, formed in 1990.
 They have released seven total studio albums (six as Finger Eleven and one as Rainbow Butt Monkeys), with their album "The Greyest of Blue Skies" bringing them into the mainstream.
 The 2003 self-titled album achieved Gold status in the United States and Platinum in Canada, largely from the success of the single "One Thing", which marked the band's first placing on the US Hot 100 Chart at number 16.
 Their 2007 album, "Them vs. You vs. Me", launched the single "Paralyzer", which went on to top numerous charts including the Canadian Hot 100 and both US rock charts, as well as reaching No. 6 on the US Hot 100 and No. 12 on the Australian Singles Chart.
 They won the Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year in 2008.
 It was later certified gold status in the US and multi platinum in Canada.
 They released their sixth studio album, "Life Turns Electric", on October 5, 2010; it was nominated for a Juno Award for Best Rock Album of the Year.
 They released their first single, "Living in a Dream", adding a little bit of more of funk rock and dance rock, just like their hit song "Paralyzer". "
Five Crooked Lines", their 7th studio album, was released July 31, 2015, with "Wolves and Doors" as the lead single.
The Classic Crime is an American rock band from Seattle, Washington formed in 2004.
 The band's current lineup consists of Matt MacDonald (vocals, guitar), Alan Clark (bass), Robert "Cheeze" Negrin (guitar), and Paul "Skip" Erickson (drums, vocals).
 They have released three albums and an EP on Tooth & Nail Records, two of which, "The Silver Cord" (2008) and "Vagabonds" (2010), charted in the "Billboard" 200.
 In July 2011, the band left Tooth & Nail to produce a fourth album with the help of fan donations via Kickstarter, called "Phoenix" (2012).
 In April 2016, The Classic Crime created a Kickstarter to raise funds for a fifth studio album.
 Within three hours they acquired the necessary $30,000 for the album.
 On April 28th, 2017 they released their fifth studio album titled "How to Be Human"(2017).
The Starfires is an American rock and roll band, founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 1958, by Tom King when he was aged 15.
 The band is sometimes identified as Tom King and the Starfires.
 King is best known as the original bandleader of the Outsiders; however, it was only at the insistence of Capitol Records that the band's name was changed when they created their breakout hit "Time Won't Let Me".
 (This is not the same band as the Starfires, a 1960s Los Angeles garage rock band best known for their track, "I Never Loved Her".)
Seven and the Sun was an American rock band best known for their 2002 single "Walk with Me".
 Their song was used in the TV soap opera "Passions" and was also featured in the Columbia Pictures film, "America's Sweethearts" starring Julia Roberts, Billy Crystal, John Cusack and Catherine Zeta-Jones.
 It received moderate air play on American radio, reaching number 38 on the "Billboard" Adult Top 40, number 27 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Top 40 and number 40 on the "Billboard" Top 40 Tracks chart.
 "Walk with Me" was their only hit.
