The Hunters is a book series written by Chris Kuzneski, an American author.
 The series follows the adventures of a team of renegades – an ex-military leader, a historian, a computer whiz, a weapons expert and a thief – financed by a billionaire philanthropist who are tasked with finding the world's most legendary treasures.
 The first novel in the series, "The Hunters", is currently being turned into a motion picture, directed by John Moore with the screenplay being adapted by Robert Mark Kamen.
 The series also ties in with Kuzneski's other series, Payne & Jones, by featuring the character Petr Ulster, a historian and curator of the Ulster Archives in Küsendorf, Switzerland, and mentioning a number of minor characters and events from the Payne & Jones universe.
 The third book in the series, "The Prisoner's Gold", won the Thriller Award for the 2016 Book of the Year at a gala hosted by the International Thriller Writers (ITW) in New York City on July 9, 2016.
Evan Buliung is a Canadian actor.
 He has played roles on stage and in musical theatre, including the role of Aragorn in the Toronto production of "Lord of the Rings", Khashoggi in "We Will Rock You", William Burke in "Bloodless: The Trial of Burke and Hare" and Pericles in the Stratford Festival's 2015 production of "The Adventures of Pericles".
Eric Northman is a fictional character in "The Southern Vampire Mysteries," a series of thirteen books written by "New York Times" bestselling author Charlaine Harris.
 He is a vampire, slightly over one thousand years old, and is first introduced in the first novel, "Dead Until Dark" and appears in all subsequent novels.
 Since the book series is told from the first person perspective of Sookie Stackhouse, what readers perceive of his character is influenced by what Sookie comprehends.
 HBO's television series "True Blood" is based on this book series and the character of Eric Northman is portrayed somewhat differently.
 A list of "True Blood" characters has a detailed description of Eric's character from the TV show.
Daniel Hall is a fictional character in the "Sandman" comic book series written by Neil Gaiman and published by DC Comics.
 An infant for the majority of the "Sandman" series, he is the son of Hippolyta 'Lyta' Hall and Hector Hall, borne "in utero" for two years in the Dreaming.
 Hector Hall was a perennial DC character, son of Carter Hall (the Golden Age Hawkman), and has assumed many guises during his stay in the DC Universe, and was at one point the Sandman.
 Lyta was the daughter of the Golden Age Wonder Woman (later changed post-Crisis to a new "Golden Age Fury") and once a superheroine called the Fury whose powers were derived from Tisiphone.
 When her fellow members of Infinity, Inc. learned she was pregnant, she was forced to resign from the team.
 Daniel, at the end of the Sandman series, becomes the new "Dream of the Endless".
Deadman is a supernatural comic book series written by Bruce Jones and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.
 The series was very loosely based on the DC superhero character Deadman, although the similarities between the properties are few.
 The series lasted for 13 issues.
Birthright is a 2014 American comic book series written by Joshua Williamson and drawn by Andrei Bressan.
 This monthly comic book series is produced by Image Comics.
Scaredy Squirrel is a children's book series written and illustrated by French-Canadian author Mélanie Watt.
 The books have won several awards.
 The first book of the Scaredy Squirrel series was published in March 2006 by Kids Can Press.
 A television series based on the books began in 2011.
Tara Chambler is a fictional character from the horror drama television series "The Walking Dead", which airs on AMC in the United States and is based on the comic book series of the same name"."
 The character is based on Tara Chalmers from "", a novel based on the comic book series and the past of the Governor.
 She is portrayed by Alanna Masterson.
 She is the first character identified as LGBT to be introduced in the series.
Roswell High is a young adults book series written by Melinda Metz and published by Pocket Books.
 The 10-book series chronicles the adventures of three teen aliens and their human friends, who attend the fictional Ulysses F. Roswell High in Roswell, New Mexico.
 The "Roswell High" books served as inspiration for the American science fiction television series "Roswell" (1999–2002), also known as "Roswell High" in some countries, which in turn spawned eleven spin-off books of its own.
Hit-Girl is a creator-owned comic book series written by Mark Millar and illustrated by John Romita, Jr. The series is published by Marvel Comics under the company's Icon imprint.
 It takes place chronologically between the "Kick-Ass" comic book series and the "Kick-Ass 2" comic book series.
