Voodoo Highway is the second album of the band Badlands.
 After the first Badlands album, drummer Eric Singer left the band to join KISS, and was replaced by drummer Jeff Martin, who had previously sung lead vocals in the bands Surgical Steel and Racer X.
 Badlands bandmates Greg Chaisson and Jeff Martin later played together in the bands Blindside Blues Band and RedSea.
Ogilala is the upcoming second solo album by American musician Billy Corgan (under the name William Patrick Corgan), frontman of alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins.
 The album will be released on October 13, 2017 in United States.
 The album was co-produced by Corgan with Rick Rubin, and does not feature Corgan's longtime collaborator Bjorn Thorsrud.
 "Aeronaut" preceded the record as its lead single, with a US tour beginning the day after the record's release.
Jeff Martin 777 was a rock band from Perth, Western Australia.
 The band's name was inspired by Jeff Martin's study of the occult, specifically the work of Aleister Crowley.
 Martin formed the band with former Sleepy Jackson members Malcolm Clark and Jay Cortez in 2010, after the demise of his previous band The Armada.
 The band ended in 2012 after the re-activation of Martin's former group The Tea Party in 2011.
"A Song for a Son" is a 2009 song by the alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins.
 It was the first track released from "" from the band's 8th album "Teargarden by Kaleidyscope".
 The song contains an extended guitar solo, inspired by Jimi Hendrix and Jimmy Page, recorded live by Billy Corgan.
 Written on an acoustic guitar, Corgan left the meaning of the song vague, but later realized it has a lot to do with his relationship with his father.
 Corgan consciously set the song in 1975, the year he started listening heavily to rock music, considering Hendrix, Led Zeppelin, UFO, and Rainbow influences on the sound.
The Smashing Pumpkins are an American alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois, formed in 1988.
 Formed by frontman Billy Corgan (lead vocals, guitar) and James Iha (guitar), the band included D'arcy Wretzky (bass guitar) and Jimmy Chamberlin (drums) in its original incarnation.
 It has undergone many line-up changes over the course of its existence, with the current lineup being Corgan and rhythm guitarist Jeff Schroeder.
"Mayonaise" ["sic"] is a song by The Smashing Pumpkins, first officially released on the 1993 breakthrough album "Siamese Dream".
 It was written by Billy Corgan and James Iha and was recorded from December 1992 to March 1993 at Triclops Sound Studios.
 According to Corgan, the whistling sound (feedback) heard in "Mayonaise" came from a cheap guitar he bought, which, whenever he stopped playing it, created the whistling sound.
 This sound was then incorporated into the song.
 Corgan apparently got the title for the song after he looked "in [his] refrigerator".
The Aeroplane Flies High is a five-disc box set released by American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins in 1996.
 It contains expanded versions of the five singles from their album "Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness" and also included a 44-page booklet with pictures and writings by the band's lead singer Billy Corgan, as well as lyrics.
 A limited edition release, the box reached number 42 on the "Billboard" charts, and sold 300,000 units (1.5 million discs in all), generating a platinum disc for the band.
 Originally intended to be limited to 200,000 copies, Virgin Records produced more after the original run sold out due to overwhelming and unexpected demand.
 The album was remastered in 2013 under the supervision of frontman Billy Corgan and reissued on vinyl and as a CD/DVD box set.
The Smashing Pumpkins are an alternative rock band formed in Chicago, Illinois in 1988.
 The band was formed by guitarist/vocalist Billy Corgan and guitarist James Iha after the demise of Corgan's first band, The Marked.
 Since its inception, The Smashing Pumpkins has gone through multiple line-up changes, with Corgan the only consistent member.
Starchildren was a side project of The Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan.
 From 1990 to 1994 the band played a few scattered live shows, each usually featuring a different lineup of band members with only Corgan having constant involvement.
 The band officially released two songs, "Delusions of Candor", an original composition by Corgan, and a cover of "Isolation" by Joy Division.
"1979" is a song by American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins.
 Released in 1996 as the second single from their third studio album, "Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness", "1979" was written by frontman Billy Corgan, and features loops and samples that were uncharacteristic of previous Smashing Pumpkins songs.
 The song was written as a coming of age story by Corgan.
 In the year 1979, Corgan was 12 and this is what he considered his transition into adolescence.
 The song was popular with critics and fans; Allmusic's Amy Hanson called it a "somewhat surprising hit".
 The song was nominated for the Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 39th Annual Grammy Awards, and won an MTV Video Music Award for Best Alternative Video.
 In 2012, it was voted the second-best Smashing Pumpkins song by Rolling Stone magazine readers.
