Vanilla is frequently used to flavor ice cream, especially in North America and Europe.
 Vanilla ice cream, like other flavors of ice cream, was originally created by cooling a mixture made of cream, sugar, and vanilla above a container of ice and salt.
 The type of vanilla used to flavor ice cream varies by location.
 In North America, consumers are interested in a more prominent, smoky flavor, while in France, they want a more anise-like flavor.
 To create the smooth consistency of ice cream, the mixture has to be stirred occasionally and then returned to the container of ice and salt to continue the solidification process.
 According to "Iced: 180 Very Cool Concoctions", many people often consider vanilla to be the "default" or "plain" flavor of ice cream (see "Plain vanilla").
Aliens versus Predator is a science fiction first-person shooter computer game developed by Rebellion Developments and published by Fox Interactive in North America for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X computers in 1999.
 It is a part of the "Alien" and "Predator" crossover franchise, "Alien vs. Predator".
 A sequel, "Aliens versus Predator 2", was developed by Monolith Productions and released by Sierra in 2001.
A snipe hunt is a type of practical joke, in existence in North America as early as the 1840s, in which an unsuspecting newcomer is duped into trying to catch a non-existent animal called a "snipe".
 While snipe are an actual family of birds, the "snipe hunt" is a quest for an imaginary creature whose description varies.
The economy of the Americas comprises more than 953 million people in 35 different countries and 18 territories.
 Sometimes divided into the continents of North America and South America depending on the source, like other continents, the wealth of the states in the Americas varies, although the poorest are well above the poorest states of other continents in terms of GDP and living standards.
 The difference in wealth across the Americas can be seen roughly between the economies of North America and South America, with the countries in the former significantly better off than those in the latter.
Legality of prostitution in North America varies by country.
 Most countries only legalized prostitution, with the act of exchanging money for sexual services legal.
 The level of enforcement varies by country.
 One country, the United States, is unique as legality of prostitution is not the responsibility of the federal government, but rather state, territorial, and federal district's responsibility.
To Catch a Predator was an American reality television series that features hidden camera investigations by the television newsmagazine program "Dateline NBC".
 It was devoted to impersonating underage people (generally ages 13–15) and detaining male adults who contacted them over the Internet for sexual liaisons.
 People were lured to meet with a decoy under the pretense of sexual contact and then confronted.
Fascism in North America is composed of a set of related political movements in Canada, the United States, Mexico and elsewhere that were variants of fascism.
 Fascist movements in North America never realized power, unlike their counterparts in Europe.
 Although the geopolitical definition of North America varies, for the sake of convenience it can be assumed to include Central America and the Caribbean, where fascist variants also flourished.
Although wolf attacks do occur, their frequency varies with geographical location and historical period.
 Gray wolf attacks are rare because wolves are often subsequently killed, or even extirpated in reaction by human beings.
 As a result, wolves today tend to live mostly far from people or have developed the tendency and ability to avoid them.
 The country with the most extensive historical records is France, where nearly 7,600 fatal attacks were documented from 1200–1920.
 In modern times, they occur most often in India and neighboring countries.
 There are few historical records or modern cases of wolf attacks in North America.
 In the half-century up to 2002, there were eight fatal attacks in Europe and Russia, three in North America, and more than 200 in south Asia.
 Experts categorize wolf attacks into various types, including rabies-infected, predatory, agonistic, and defensive.
Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem is an action game exclusive to the PlayStation Portable, developed by Rebellion Developments and published by Sierra Entertainment.
 It was released in November 2007 in North America and Europe, and December 2007 in Australia.
 It is part of the "Alien vs. Predator" franchise, an amalgamation of the "Alien" and "Predator" franchises.
 "Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem" is a tie-in to the , which was released shortly after the game.
Polonosuchus is a genus of rauisuchian known from the late Triassic (Carnian age) of Poland.
 It was a huge predator about 5-6 metres in length and, like all rauisuchians, was equipped with a large head of long sharp teeth.
 The legs were placed almost underneath the body, unlike most reptiles.
 The appearance was very similar to that of the more known "Postosuchus", of North America, and shared with the latter the ecological niche of the apex predator.
