Guerra de Titanes ("War of the Titans") was the tenth "Guerra de Titanes" professional wrestling show promoted by AAA.
 The show took place on December 8, 2006 in Madero, Mexico.
 The Main event featured "extreme coffin" match between Cibernético and El Mesias, with Konnan serving as special referee in the match.
"Guerra de Titanes" (1997) ("War of the Titans") was the first ever "Guerra de Titanes" professional wrestling show promoted by AAA.
 The show took place on December 13, 1997 in Ciudad Madero, Mexico.
 The Main event featured a "Lucha de Apuestas" "hair vs. hair" match contested inside a Steel Cage between the teams of Heavy Metal and Perro Aguayo Jr. and Picudo and Sangre Chicana.
"Guerra de Titanes" (2008) ("War of the Titans") was the twelfth annual "Guerra de Titanes" professional wrestling show promoted by AAA.
 The show took place on December 6, 2008 in Orizaba, Mexico, the same venue used for the 2006 and 2007 events.
 The Main event featured a Ladder match for the vacant AAA Mega Championship between El Mesias and El Zorro and saw Mesias win the match to become a two time champion.
 In addition to the main event the show featured a Steel Cage Match "Lucha de Apuestas" where the last man left in the cage would have his hair shaved off.
 The participants in the cage match were brothers El Brazo and Brazo de Plata as well as Pirata Morgan, Electroshock, Super Fly and El Elegido and saw El Brazo shaved bald as a result of his loss.
 As is tradition with AAA major events the wrestlers compete inside a hexagonal wrestling ring and not the four sided ring the promotion uses for television events and House shows.
Guerra de Titanes (Spanish for "War of the Titans") was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the AAA promotion, which took place on December 16, 2011, at "Estadio Hermanos Serdán" in Puebla, Puebla, Mexico.
 The event was the fifteenth "Guerra de Titanes" end of the year show promoted by AAA since 1997.
 The event included appearances by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) wrestlers A.J. Styles, D'Angelo Dinero, Gunner and Rob Terry as part of the ongoing storyline invasion of wrestlers from the American promotion.
 The pay-per-view was headlined by a match for the AAA Latin American Championship, between champion Dr. Wagner Jr. and challenger L.A. Park.
 The conclusion of the match led to the AAA debuts of Máscara Año 2000 Jr., El Texano Jr. and Toscano, starting a new storyline, where the three posed as invaders from rival promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).
"Guerra de Titanes" (2000) ("War of the Titans") was the fourth "Guerra de Titanes" professional wrestling show promoted by AAA.
 The show took place on December 8, 2000 in Madero, Mexico.
 The Main event featured an "Extreme" Steel Cage Match Tag Team match that featured Héctor Garza and Latin Lover taking on Heavy Metal and Perro Aguayo Jr.
"Guerra de Titanes" (2009) ("War of the Titans") was the thirteenth annual "Guerra de Titanes" professional wrestling show promoted by AAA since 1997.
 The show took place on December 11, 2009 in the Ciudad Madero, Tamaulipas Convention center, a site that AAA has used for many of their major shows.
 "Guerra de Titanes" is AAA's "End of year" show and the fifth of their "big shows" they hold every year.
 The Main Event saw Dr. Wagner Jr. defend the AAA Mega Championship against El Mesias in a "Domo De La Muerte" cage match.
 The show also featured two AAA championship matches as Nicho el Millonario and Joe Líder defended the AAA World Tag Team Championship and Mini Charly Manson defended the AAA World Mini-Estrella Championship.
 Furthermore a "Mask vs. Hair", Lucha de Apuesta match between Faby Apache and Sexy Star took place as well.
 Finally the show featured a Six-man "Lucha Libre rules" tag team match and a four on four "AAA vs. "La Legion Extranjera" elimination match where the winner would receive a title match for the AAA Mega Championship as AAA's 2010 "Rey de Reyes" show.
Guerra de Titanes (Spanish for "War of the Titans") was a major professional wrestling event scripted and produced by Lucha Libre AAA World Wide (AAA), a Mexican promotion.
 The event was the twentieth annual "Guerra de Titanes" show which, until 2015, has traditionally been AAA's "end of the year" show.
 In 2016 the show was shifted from December to January instead.
 The show was held in "Gimnasio Juan de la Barrera" in Mexico City, Mexico which also hosted the 2016 "Guerra de Titanes" show.
"Guerra de Titanes" (1999) ("War of the Titans") was the third "Guerra de Titanes" professional wrestling show promoted by AAA.
 The show took place on December 10, 1999 in Madero, Mexico.
 The Main event featured a "Lucha de Apuestas" "mask vs. mask" under Street fight rules.
 Octagón faced Jaque Mate to see which wrestler had to unmask.
Dulce Maria García Rivas (born September 20, 1982) is a Mexican "Luchadora" "enmascarada", or masked female professional wrestler, and professional boxer who is better known by the ring name Sexy Star.
 She is best known for her work in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), where she is a three-time AAA Reina de Reinas Champion, while also being a former one-time AAA World Mixed Tag Team Champion.
 She previously wrestled under the name Dulce Poly and held both the FILL Women's Championship and the FILL Mixed Tag Team Championship under that name.
 She worked for Lucha Underground, where she was a former Lucha Underground Champion and Gift of the Gods Champion.
 She is the first woman to win the Lucha Underground Championship.
"Guerra de Titanes" (2001) ("War of the Titans") was the fifth "Guerra de Titanes" professional wrestling show promoted by AAA.
 The show took place on November 23, 2001 in Mexico City, Mexico.
 The Main event featured a "Four Way" Elimination "Lucha de Apuestas" which meant that the loser would have his hair shaved off.
 The participants were Heavy Metal lost to Perro Aguayo Jr., Héctor Garza and Latin Lover, who had all competed in the main event of "Guerra de Titanes" 2000 as well.
