The Military Order of the World War was created in 1919 by General of the Armies John J. Pershing as a fraternity for American military officers coming out of the Great War.
 Two decades later, when the USA became involved in WWII the organization name was pluralized to its current title of Military Order of the World Wars.
 Though the Order's title has not changed since 1945, it remains a current officer's society welcoming new qualified members in current military service and has members from the Korean War, Vietnam War, Gulf War, War in Afghanistan, War in Iraq, and peacetime service.
A coal-black Morgan-American Quarter Horse cross, Black Jack served in the Caisson Platoon of the 3rd U.S. Infantry Regiment (The Old Guard).
 Named in honor of General of the Armies John J. "Black Jack" Pershing, he was the riderless horse in more than 1,000 Armed Forces Full Honors Funerals (AFFHF), the majority of which were in Arlington National Cemetery.
 With boots reversed in the stirrups, he was a symbol of a fallen leader.
Pershing State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Missouri consisting of 3565.66 acre located in Linn County.
 Located three miles west of Laclede, Missouri off U.S. Route 36, the park was named in honor of General of the Armies John J. Pershing, who led the United States forces in Europe in World War I.
 Pershing grew up in Laclede.
The Battle of Château-Thierry was fought on July 18, 1918 and was one of the first actions of the American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) under General John J. "Black Jack" Pershing.
 It was a battle in World War I as part of the Second Battle of the Marne, initially prompted by a German offensive launched on 15 July against the AEF, an expeditionary force consisting of troops from both the Army and Marine Corps, and the newest troops on the front.
William Corcoran Eustis (July 20, 1862 - November 24, 1921) was a captain in the United States Army and the personal assistant to General John J. Pershing during World War I.
 He was chairman of the inauguration committee for the first inauguration of Woodrow Wilson in 1913 and started the Loudoun Hunt in 1894.
The M26 Pershing was a medium tank of the United States Army.
 The tank was named after General of the Armies John J. Pershing, who led the American Expeditionary Force in Europe in World War I.
 It was briefly used in the final months of World War II and extensively during the Korean War.
The Pershing Hall is a historical building and luxury hotel in Paris, France dedicated to General of the Armies John J. Pershing.
 The cornerstone of the building, which can be seen from the courtyard, is the identical keystone of the old Chateau-Thierry bridge which spanned the Marne at the point where the American troops turned the tide of the German advance on Paris.
The National Society of Blackjacks is a High School Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps leadership program based on the example of General of the Armies John J. Pershing.
 The Blackjacks are the high school auxiliary of the National Society of Pershing Rifles.
General of the Armies John Joseph "Black Jack" Pershing (September 13, 1860 – July 15, 1948) was a senior United States Army officer.
 His most famous post was when he served as the commander of the American Expeditionary Force (AEF) on the Western Front in World War I, 1917–18.
The National World War I Memorial is a planned memorial commemorating the service rendered by members of the United States Armed Forces in World War I.
 The 2015 National Defense Authorization Act established the World War I Centennial Commission, which was given the authority to build the memorial in Pershing Park, located at 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington, D.C., in the United States.
 The park, which has existed since 1981, also contains the "John J. Pershing General of the Armies" commemorative work.
 In January 2016, the design commission selected the competition winning team - Joseph Weishaar, Sabin Howard, Phoebe Lickwar, and GWWO Architects - and their winning concept "The Weight of Sacrifice."
