The Greatest Gift was a 1950s US TV soap opera featuring actors Ward Costello, Anne Meara and Jack Klugman as Jim Hanson.
John Black is a fictional character from "Days of Our Lives", an American soap opera on the NBC network.
 He has been played by actor Drake Hogestyn since 1986, with a break in between from January 2009 to September 2011.
 John was created by script writers Sheri Anderson, Thom Racina and Leah Laiman as The Pawn in 1985 and introduced by executive producers Betty Corday and Al Rabin.
 John becomes one of "Days of Our Lives' " most popular characters when he is revealed to be the presumed dead Roman Brady (Wayne Northrop) with plastic surgery and amnesia.
 However, Northrop's return in 1991 led to Hogestyn's Roman being retconned into the entirely separate character of John Black, which also establishes the supercouple pairing of John and Marlena, due to John's affair with Roman's wife, Marlena Evans (Deidre Hall).
 During the time in which he believes he is Roman, John picks up the mantle of Roman's feud with the notorious international criminal Stefano DiMera (Joseph Mascolo).
 John and Stefano's feud is central to the character's history as Stefano is partly responsible for John's memory loss.
 Their lives are further intertwined in 2008 when the two are falsely led to believe they are half brothers—a story that was later disproved.
 Hogestyn's portrayal has made him one of daytime's most popular and recognizable stars.
 Hogestyn was attributed with helping the series out of its ratings slump in the 1980s.
 He was often featured in soap opera magazines such as "Soap Opera Digest" and "Soap Opera Weekly".
Alamo Heights SA is a dramatic soap opera featuring San Antonio, Texas as the backdrop.
 It made history several ways.
Beverly Marshall is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours".
 The character was originally played by Lisa Armytage and she made her first on-screen appearance on 6 July 1987.
 Shaunna O'Grady took over from Armytage and began playing the character from 16 March 1989 until her departure on 5 September 1990.
 Beverly is a doctor and was Jim Robinson's second wife.
 O'Grady reprised her role of Beverly in 2005 to help celebrate "Neighbours"<nowiki>'</nowiki> 20th anniversary, she made a cameo in Annalise Hartman's documentary on Ramsay Street.
Roger Howarth (born September 13, 1968) is an American actor.
 He played character Todd Manning on the daytime drama "One Life to Live" ("OLTL"); the character earned Howarth a Daytime Emmy Award in 1994, and is cited as an icon in the soap opera genre.
 He left the series in 2003 and joined soap opera "As the World Turns", where he played the character of Paul Ryan until the series final episode in 2010.
 Howarth returned to "OLTL" in May 2011, eventually deciding to continue the role on "General Hospital" in March 2012.
 He now portrays Franco on "General Hospital," the character formerly created and portrayed by James Franco.
 In addition to his soap opera work, Howarth has guest starred in television shows such as "Prey" and "Dawson's Creek".
Shaunna O'Grady (born 1958) is an Australian retired actress who played the second incarnation of Jim Robinson's wife, Dr. Beverly Marshall, on the long-running soap opera "Neighbours".
 She is the granddaughter of writer John O'Grady (author of "They're a Weird Mob"), and is married to the television director Chris Adshead.
 They have one daughter, Savannah.
Philip James "Phil" Mitchell is a long-standing fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Steve McFadden.
 Phil was introduced to the soap opera on 20 February 1990, and was followed by his brother, Grant (Ross Kemp), sister Sam (Danniella Westbrook/Kim Medcalf) and mother Peggy (Jo Warne/Barbara Windsor).
 Phil is one of the major introductions made by executive producer Michael Ferguson, who wanted to bring in some macho, male leads.
 Phil and his brother Grant became popularly known as the Mitchell brothers in the British media with Phil initially portrayed as the more level-headed of the two thugs.
 Storylines featuring the Mitchell family dominated the soap opera throughout the 1990s, with Phil becoming a popular and long-running male protagonist into the 2000s and the 2010s.
 McFadden temporarily left the series in late 2003 then returned in March 2005 for a short stint, before making a permanent return in October 2005.
 McFadden took a hiatus from the series at the end of Phil's liver cirrhosis storyline with the character departing on 6 February 2017.
 He returned on 24 July.
Katie Landers is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Sally Jensen.
 She made her first on screen appearance on 15 February 1988.
 Katie is the niece of Beverly Marshall and sister to Todd Landers.
 During her time in the show, she became close friends with Toby Mangel.
 Katie departed on 6 September 1989.
Leslie Schofield (born 12 December 1938 in Oldham, Lancashire) is an English actor who is most famous in the UK for his role as Jeff Healy in the popular soap opera, "EastEnders" whom he played from 1997 to 2000.
 His character was famous for unsuccessfully proposing to Pauline Fowler (played by Wendy Richard).
 He also appeared in "EastEnders" briefly in 1988 and 1989 playing a different character named Brian Wicks.
Victor Newman is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless".
 He has been portrayed by Eric Braeden since 1980.
 Initially a guest character who was to last for eight to twelve weeks, Victor has evolved into the soap opera's leading male figure.
 Created by William J. Bell as a "despicable, contemptible, unfaithful wife abuser", the character was planned to be killed off and never heard of again.
 However, after Bell saw Braeden's performance, he decided to sign the actor onto a contract.
 Braeden was hesitant to work on a soap opera, but eventually signed a contract, and has remained on the series as a regular cast member for a total of thirty-seven years.
 The character is widely described as ruthless, and while loving to those he holds dear, is considered a villain.
 Over the years, he has also been the center of several controversial plots and relationships.
