The following is a list of the 93 episodes of the television program The Alfred Hitchcock Hour, which is a continuation of the program "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" (1955–60).
 "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour", like its predecessor, is an anthology series in the thriller genre.
 NBC renamed the program when they extended its running-time from about 25 minutes to about 50 minutes.
 Both programs were hosted by Alfred Hitchcock, whose directorial work in thriller films is extremely influential.
 Hitchcock directed only one episode of "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour": "I Saw The Whole Thing" (Season 1, episode 4).
Noah Georgeson is a Grammy winning musician, producer, and solo recording artist.
 Georgeson's debut album "Find Shelter" was released through Plain Recordings on November 28, 2006.
 Born in San Anselmo, California, he moved with his family to Nevada City, California at the age of three.
 Georgeson studied classical guitar and music composition, receiving his BA in composition from San Francisco State University in 2001, and, with a recommendation from Terry Riley, he attended Mills College, receiving his Master of Fine Arts in 2003.
 While at Mills, Georgeson studied with Fred Frith, Pauline Oliveros, and Alvin Curran.
 Georgeson first found popular success as a part of San Francisco band The Pleased, along with fellow member Joanna Newsom, whose debut album "The Milk-Eyed Mender" he produced.
 As a musician, producer, and mixer, Georgeson has since worked with Devendra Banhart, The Strokes, Little Joy, Bert Jansch, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Robin Pecknold, Mason Jennings, Cedric Bixler, Adam Green, Os Mutantes, Adan Jodorowsky, Harper Simon, Flo Morrissey, Cate Le Bon, and Rodrigo Amarante.
In the setting of his office at Universal Studios, Alfred Hitchcock shares his vision of what an artistic film should be in the framework of a commercial industry, the difference between suspense films and mystery films, his conception of eroticism and his vision of Scandinavian women.
 He also explains in details how he created the suspense in the famous sequence of North by Northwest in the corn field.
 The film contains an original interview with Bruce Dern, who describes Hitchcock’s method as a director, and film clips from North by Northwest, Frenzy, Topaz, and Family Plot.
George Tomasini (April 20, 1909 – November 22, 1964) was an American film editor, born in Springfield, Massachusetts who had a decade long collaboration with director Alfred Hitchcock, editing nine of his movies between 1954-1964.
 Tomasini edited many of Hitchcock's best-known works, such as "Rear Window" (1954), "Vertigo" (1958), "North by Northwest" (1959), "Psycho" (1960), and "The Birds" (1963), as well as other well-received films such as "Cape Fear" (1962).
 On a 2012 listing of the 75 best edited films of all time, compiled by the Motion Picture Editors Guild based on a survey of its members, four films edited by Tomasini for Hitchcock appear.
 No other editor appeared more than three times on this listing.
 The listed films were "Psycho", "Vertigo", "Rear Window", and "North by Northwest".
Alfred Hitchcock (1899–1980) was an English director and filmmaker.
 Popularly known as the "Master of Suspense" for his use of innovative film techniques in thrillers, Hitchcock started his career in the British film industry as a title designer and art director for a number of silent films during the early 1920s.
 His directorial debut was the 1925 release "The Pleasure Garden".
 Hitchcock followed this with "", his first commercial and critical success.
 It featured many of the thematic elements his films would be known for such as an innocent man on the run.
 It also featured the first of his famous cameo appearances.
 Two years later he directed "Blackmail" (1929) which was his first sound film.
 In 1935 Hitchcock directed "The 39 Steps".
 Three years later he directed "The Lady Vanishes" starring Margaret Lockwood, and Michael Redgrave.
Gordon Harker (7 August 1885 – 2 March 1967) was an English stage and film actor.
 he had a long career on the stage, from 1902 to the 1950s.
 One of the last plays he starred in was "Small Hotel", a popular comedy he toured in 1955.
 In addition, he appeared in 68 films between 1921 and 1959, including three silent films directed by Alfred Hitchcock and in several scenes in "Elstree Calling" (1930), a revue film co-directed by Hitchcock.
 He was known for his performance as Inspector Hornleigh in a trilogy of films produced between 1938 and 1940, as well in "Saloon Bar" (1940), based on a stage play he had starred in and another one of his stage successes The Poltergeist made into the film "Things Happen at Night" (1947), a poltergeist comedy he co-starred in with Alfred Drayton and Robertson Hare.
 His last major screen role was as the wiley waiter Albert in the 1957 motion picture version of "Small Hotel"
Holly Dolly is an animated pop musician whose debut single "Dolly Song (Ievan Polkka)" was internationally successful in the Summer of 2006.
 Holly Dolly is an animated, singing female donkey from Italy.
The Girl is a 2012 British television film directed by Julian Jarrold, written by Gwyneth Hughes and produced by the BBC and HBO Films.
 The film stars Sienna Miller as Tippi Hedren and Toby Jones as Alfred Hitchcock.
 It is based on Donald Spoto's 2009 book, "Spellbound by Beauty: Alfred Hitchcock and His Leading Ladies", which discusses British-born film director Hitchcock and the women who played leading roles in his films.
 "The Girl"' s title was inspired by Hitchcock's alleged nickname for Hedren.
North by Northwest is a 1959 American thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint and James Mason.
 The screenplay was by Ernest Lehman, who wanted to write "the Hitchcock picture to end all Hitchcock pictures".
Cindy Bernard is a Los-Angeles based artist whose artistic practice comprises photography, video, performance and activism.
 In 2002, Cindy Bernard founded the Society for the Activation of Social Space through Art and Sound(SASSAS), which presents site-relational experimental music.
 Her numerous Hitchcock references have been discussed in Dan Auiler's "Vertigo: The Making of a Hitchcock Classic" (1998), essays by Douglas Cunningham and Christine Spengler in "The San Francisco of Alfred Hitchcock’s Vertigo: Place, Pilgrimage and Commemoration" (2012) and Spengler's "Hitchcock and Contemporary Art" (2014).
