The Scarecrow is a 2009 novel written by award-winning American author Michael Connelly.
 It was Connelly's 21st book (20th novel) and the second featuring as the main character Jack McEvoy, a reporter now living in Los Angeles, and FBI agent Rachel Walling.
 As a result, the novel is a sequel to the events in Connelly's 1996 book "The Poet", although another Connelly novel, "The Narrows", was published in 2004 as the "official" sequel to "The Poet".
 The book was published in the UK and Ireland on May 12, 2009, and in the US and Canada on May 26, 2009.
The Millionaire Next Door: The Surprising Secrets of America's Wealthy (ISBN  ) is a 1996 book by Thomas J. Stanley and William D. Danko.
Zaïr Kédadouche (born 9 August 1957 in Tourcoing, France) is a retired French soccer player.
 He is also a published author with his 1996 book Zair le gaulois, and is the founder of the Cité nationale de l'histoire de l'immigration museum.
Our Stolen Future: Are We Threatening Our Fertility, Intelligence, and Survival?
 A Scientific Detective Story is a 1996 book by Theo Colborn, Dianne Dumanoski, and John Peterson Myers.
 The book chronicles the development of the endocrine disruptor hypothesis by Colborn.
 Though written for the popular press in narrative form, the book contains a substantial amount of scientific evidence.
 A foreword from then Vice President Al Gore increased the book's visibility.
 It ultimately influenced government policy through congressional hearings and helped foster the development of a research and regulation initiative within the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Amygdala hijack is a term coined by Daniel Goleman in his 1996 book "Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More Than IQ".
 Drawing on the work of Joseph E. LeDoux, Goleman uses the term to describe emotional responses from people which are immediate and overwhelming, and out of measure with the actual stimulus because it has triggered a much more significant emotional threat.
Hello From Heaven!
 is a 1996 book written by Bill Guggenheim and Judy Guggenheim.
 The book records what the Guggenheims term after-death communications (ADCs).
One More River to Cross: Black and Gay in America is a 1996 book written by Keith Boykin, who ran a now-defunct national black gay and lesbian organization.
 He begins the book by describing his life, including coming out at Harvard Law School, working for President Bill Clinton, and his first sexual experience.
 He interviews many famous African-American gay men and lesbians such as Cleo Manago, Perry Watkins, and Cheryl Clarke.
Between Hope and History: Meeting America's Challenges for the 21st Century is a 1996 book by then-incumbent United States President Bill Clinton.
 It was published by Random House in September 1996 in the lead up to the 1996 US presidential election, partly as a means to reach out to the electorate.
From a Native Son: Selected Essays on Indigenism, 1985–1995 is a 1996 book by Ward Churchill.
 It is a collection of 23 previously published essays on various topics relevant to the indigenous peoples of the Americas (particularly of North America) in relation to their experience of being colonized.
 It is introduced by Howard Zinn.
American Sphinx: The Character of Thomas Jefferson, is a 1996 book written by Joseph Ellis, a professor of history at Mount Holyoke College.
 It won the 1997 National Book Award for Nonfiction.
