Hundred Visions is an American three piece rock band from Austin, Texas, formed in 2010.
 The band has released a number of 7 inches as well as two full length albums, SPITE, released on Pau Wau Records in 2014, and Permanent Basement, released on Slammammals Records in 2012.
 Their third full length album, Brutal Pueblo, will be released on Burger Records in December 2016.
Masters of the Hemisphere are an American indie pop group, founded by Bren Mead and Sean Rawls.
 The two moved to Athens, Georgia, to attend college in 1996.
 There they met Ryan Lewis, co-founder of Kindercore Records, who played drums at the first Masters of the Hemisphere show.
 Jeff Griggs (also of The Mendoza Line) soon replaced Lewis.
 In 1997 Kindercore released their debut seven-inch ep, "Going on a Trek to Iceland".
 The group then recorded their first full length album, the eponymous "Masters of the Hemisphere", which was released on Kindercore Records in 1998.
 The band soon expanded to a four-piece, adding multi-instrumentalist Adrian Finch.
 Several singles and compilation appearances followed, including a release on the Happy Happy Birthday To Me Records singles club, before the band released their second full length, the concept album "I Am Not a Freemdoom", also on Kindercore.
 The record garnered mixed reviews, which in part was likely due to the album's rather complicated concept, regarding an island of reservoir-dwelling creatures being enslaved by an evil dog.
 The "Permanent Stranger" EP followed in 2002, on the dcBaltimore2012 label.
 The band split up after their next album, 2002's well received "Protest a Dark Anniversary".
 A recording of their then-final show at Athens, Georgia's 40 Watt Club was later released as "The Last Show Ever".
Shock Front is the first full length album by Converter, released November 22, 1999 (see 1999 in music).
 The album is released in two editions, the first featuring a special metal plate packaging (now deleted), the second featuring a regular cardboard booklet format (still available).
Season of the Dead is the first full length studio album by the death metal band Necrophagia.
 It was released in 1987 on New Renaissance Records.
 It is the only album to feature Joe Blazer on drums, Larry Madison on guitar, and Bill James on bass.
 It is also the band's last album until 1998.
 The album was released a few months before Death's Scream Bloody Gore debut release which makes it one of the first full length Death Metal albums making it important to collectors.
The Hookers are an American hardcore punk band based in Louisville, Kentucky.
 Originally formed in Lexington, Kentucky in 1994 as the Fayette County Hookers, the name was shortened before their first independent release "Kiss My Fuckin Ass" 7" EP in 1996.
 Their first full length album, "Satan's Highway", was released on Scooch Pooch records in 1998 and followed closely by the "Listen Up, Baby!"
 split LP with Electric Frankenstein in the same year.
 On various independent labels, The Hookers released two more full length albums: "Black Visions of Crimson Wisdom" in 1999 and "Equinox Beyond Tomorrow Volume 1" in 2001.
 The band recorded the "Blood Over Germany" live album in 2001 on Century Media Records.
 After 2001, The Hookers were considered to be inactive as their heretofore intensive touring and release schedule was curtailed.
 Their song "The Legend of Black Thunder" was included on Tony Hawk's Underground videogame soundtrack in 2003.
 In 2008, the band put out an ersatz greatest hits record of live and unreleased tracks titled "Ripped From The Crypt" and once again became active with multiple EP and split EP releases.
 The Hookers are currently touring in support of their fourth independent full length release, 2011's "Horror Rises from the Tombs" .
Facta Loquuntur was the first full-length album ever released by German National Socialist black metal band Absurd.
 The CD and vinyl were originally released on No Colours Records, each limited to 500 copies.
 A picture disc vinyl version was released on No Colours and Silencelike Death Productions.
 The material has been re-released on tape by NSBM labels Stellar Winter Records and Totenkopf Propaganda.
 "Facta Loquuntur" was also released in digipack format by World Terror Committee with three bonus tracks.
 Each of the re-releases have their own cover art, and several bonus tracks.
Scott Benjamin Logan (born August 14, 1978) is an American independent singer/songwriter in the Contemporary Christian Music genre.
 Originally from Portland, Maine, Scott has been involved the music scene since the age of 15.
 After playing with a number of bands, Scott branched out and began a solo career in the Fall of 2008.
 Since then he has been on several national tours, recorded his first EP, and most recently saw the release of his first national radio single, "Representin'".
 In February 2010, Scott recorded his first full length album titled "So Much More" which released on May 18, 2010.
 Scott plans to spend some quality time in the studio in early 2012 to begin work on his second album.
 Scott currently resides in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and works out of Nashville, Tennessee.
Apathy and Exhaustion is the third album by the Chicago, Illinois punk rock band The Lawrence Arms, released in 2002 by Fat Wreck Chords.
 It was the band's first album to be released on Fat Wreck Chords, and with this release, the band formed a close relationship with the label and its founder Fat Mike, for whom they released their next two albums with.
 It's also their first full length album they recorded with producer, Matt Allison, who they would go on to record all of their full length albums with.
 Apathy and Exhaustion shows the band experimenting with verse/chorus structures, and infectious pop melodies.
 It's often considered to be one of their finest efforts.
 Fat Mike included this album on a list of the 25 best albums released on his label, Fat Wreck Chords.
 An independent music video was filmed for the song "Porno and Snuff Films."
Lórien was an independent rock band that formed in Nashville, Tennessee.
 currently they have created one full length album and one EP.
 they have been included in THE DAILY CHORUS' Top 40 unsigned lineup three times, and in 2007 were included in the Absolutepunk.net absolute 100 list.
 in 2006 they were the winners of the Cornerstone Festival New Band Showcase and performed at the 2006 Cornerstone Festival.
 their first full length album, "Esque", was released on February 28, 2008.
 Lorien will play their last show in late April 2010.
 four of the members are creating "The Young International" which presumably will have the same feel and tone in their music.
Young American Primitive (real name Greg Scanavino) is a prominent American producer/remixer, and one of the more popular acts to originate from the Bay Area's early 90s house scene.
 Released several 12"s and one full length CD on the San Francisco based label ZoëMagik, and made several compilation appearances, culminating with the sample heavy "These Waves" being included on Sasha and Digweed's Northern Exposure mix album.
 Apparently impressed by his remixing skills on Geffen Records release The Stone Roses' single "Begging You", Scanavino was signed by Geffen in '96 and finished his second full length album in late '97.
 The track "Beyond" was slated for single release in November '97 (complete with music video created by San Francisco based multimedia studio Mind's Eye Media), and the album, titled "African Cosmopolitan", was slated for a January '98 release, however, neither saw the light of day, and YAP was apparently dropped from the label.
 The ZoëMagik-released album was not re-released on Geffen due to unresolved sample clearance issues.
