The Chicago Pizza Pie Factory was a chain of pizza restaurants.
 The chain originated in Crown Passage (off Pall Mall) as The Chicago Pizza Pie Factory and was started by entrepreneur Bob Payton in 1976-7.
 The London establishment also had a bar.
 This was the start of a series of restaurants forming the My Kinda Town chain.
 The chain opened restaurants in places such as Paris and Barcelona, where they operated successfully for several decades.
 The Paris site now houses a Burger King.
Patxi's is a small pizzeria chain based in the San Francisco Bay Area, founded in San Francisco, California by William Freeman and Francisco “Patxi” Azpiroz.
 They specialize in Chicago-style pizza.
 Current locations include Palo Alto, Campbell, Lafayette, San Francisco, Greenbrae, San Jose, Seattle, and Denver.
 In April, 2014, Patxi's announced plans to open sixty new stores over the next five years.
 On November 6, 2015, Patxi's partnered with UberEATS to offer $10.00 cheese pizzas that were delivered in a box that said "Little Nero's" to honor the twenty-fifth anniversary of the release of the comedy film "Home Alone".
The UPS Store network is the world's largest franchisor of retail shipping, postal, printing and business service centers.
 Today, there are nearly 4,700 independently owned The UPS Store locations in the U.S., Puerto Rico, and Canada.
 The UPS Store, Inc., franchiser of The UPS Store brand, is a wholly owned subsidiary of United Parcel Service (UPS).
 As of August 2014, internal company web pages place the number of open UPS Stores to about 4300.
East of Chicago Pizza is a restaurant chain based in Lima, Ohio offering different styles of pizza, buffalo wings, breadsticks, and subs.
 They have 75 restaurants in Ohio, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, West Virginia, New York, Michigan and South Carolina.
 The first restaurant was opened in 1982 as the Greenwich Pizza Barn in Greenwich, OH.
Aurelio's Pizza is an Illinois restaurant chain which centers its business around the thin crust variety of Chicago-style pizza.
 Aurelio's Pizza has three corporate owned stores and 37 franchised locations in 6 states.
 Aurelio's Pizza is the oldest Chicago pizza franchise restaurant, franchising since 1974.
The Toyota Tercel is a subcompact manufactured by Toyota from 1978 to 1999 across five generations, in five body configurations sized between the Corolla and the Starlet.
 Manufactured at the Takaoka plant in Toyota City, Japan, and sharing its platform with the Cynos (a.k.a. Paseo) and the Starlet, the Tercel was marketed variously as the Toyota Corolla II—sold at Toyota Japanese dealerships called "Toyota Corolla Store"s—and was replaced by the Toyota Platz in 1999.
 It was also known as the Toyota Corsa and sold at Toyopet Store locations.
 Starting with the second generation, the Tercel dealership network was changed to Toyota Vista Stores, as its badge engineered sibling, the Corolla II, was exclusive to Toyota Corolla Store locations.
Chicago Pizza and Oven Grinder Company is a restaurant located in Chicago, Illinois.
 The restaurant was founded in 1972, and specializes in a signature dish called the "pizza pot pie."
 It enjoys local popularity and has appeared in many publications and television shows.
Bearno's Pizza is a pizza franchise based in Louisville, Kentucky with about 14 locations in Kentucky and Indiana.
Drug Emporium is the name of a discount drug store corporation, founded in 1977 in Columbus, Ohio, that was sold to several different buyers during 2000 to 2001.
 Although several store locations continue to use the Drug Emporium name, these locations are no longer affiliated with the now-defunct Columbus-based corporation.
 At the company's high water mark in the 1990s, there were almost 300 locations scattered throughout the United States, including stores that operated under the F&M and VIX banners.
MrJims.Pizza is a U.S. chain of pizza restaurants based in Farmers Branch, Texas.
 Jim Johnson opened the first restaurant in Detroit, Michigan in 1975.
 There are currently 42 locations in Louisiana, Texas, North Carolina, Nevada and Wyoming, with the majority located in northern Texas.
 MrJims.Pizza is widely known for their crust.
 Their hand stretched pizza dough is made fresh in the store daily from flour containing 100% spring wheat.
 Every single MrJims.Pizza franchise has online ordering capabilities.
 In 2006, MrJims.Pizza introduced a unique new item, Nacho Stix, to their menu.
 It quickly became one of their bestsellers, and lead to a resurgence in the popularity of MrJims.
