HP-UX (from "Hewlett Packard Unix") is Hewlett Packard Enterprise's proprietary implementation of the Unix operating system, based on UNIX System V (initially System III) and first released in 1984.
 Recent versions support the HP 9000 series of computer systems, based on the PA-RISC instruction set architecture, and HP Integrity systems, based on Intel's Itanium architecture.
CTERA Networks is a privately held enterprise software company headquartered in New York and Israel.
 The company has regional offices in the UK, Italy, France, Spain, Germany, and Australia.
 CTERA has partnered with companies including Amazon Web Services, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, IBM, and clients include Deutsche Telekom, Banco Santander, AXA and the United States Department of Defense.
 In October 2016 IBM became a CTERA reseller.
 IBM's Cloud Object Storage, integrated with the CTERA Enterprise File Services Platform, can be deployed on-premises, in the SoftLayer cloud or in a hybrid on-premises/cloud setup.
 CTERA was mentioned in Gartner's 2016 Magic Quadrant for Data Center Backup and Recovery Software.
HP Discover was Hewlett-Packard's showcase technology event for business and government customers.
 In 2011, HP Enterprise Business, along with participating independent user groups, combined its annual HP Software Universe, HP Technology Forum and HP Technology@Work into a single event, HP Discover.
 There we two HP Discover events annually, one for the Americas and one for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA).
 Since the split of Hewlett-Packard into HP Inc and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, HP Discover was replaced with HPE Discover focusing on the enterprise company's products and services.
Hewlett-Packard, commonly referred to as HP, was an information technology corporation based in Palo Alto, California, which was split into two companies: Hewlett Packard Enterprise and HP Inc.
 The company was founded by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard in a small garage on January 1, 1939.
 As of 2012, HP is the largest technology company in the world in terms of revenue, ranking 10th in the Fortune Global 500.
HP IT Management Software is a family of Enterprise software products sold by the HP Software Division of information technology company Hewlett Packard Enterprise.
 IT management software is a family of technology that helps companies manage their IT infrastructures, the people and the processes required to reap the greatest amount of responsiveness and effectiveness from today's multi-layered and highly complex data centers.
 Beginning in September 2005, HP purchased several software companies as part of a publicized, deliberate strategy to augment its catalog of IT management software offerings for large business customers.
 According to ZDNet and IDC, HP is the world's sixth largest software company.
Compaq Presario V6000 is a series of widescreen 15.4<nowiki>"</nowiki> laptop computers, manufactured by Hewlett Packard.
 It includes the V6000z series based on AMD processors such as the mobile Sempron and the dual core Turion X2, and V6000t based on Intel processors.
 There have been repeated reliability issues with the AMD based v6000z laptops.
 The fan algorithm in the BIOS was misconfigured causing overheating and damage to the wireless cards and the motherboard.
 In late 2007 HP extended the limited warranty to cover these defects.
 However that date is limited to 2 years from the purchase of the product.
 If the computer shows no faults until after that 2-year period Hewlett Packard will not repair it, despite the fault being of their own cause.
 In Australia this resulted in action by the Queensland Office of Fair Trading against Hewlett Packard for misrepresenting customers' rights, resulting in an agreed AU$3 million settlement.
Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, is a vendor of data networking solutions for enterprises and businesses worldwide.
 Aruba Networks was founded in 2002 and is focused on bringing Wi-Fi wireless LAN mobility solutions to enterprise networks.
 With its acquisition by Hewlett-Packard (now Hewlett Packard Enterprise) in 2015, Aruba Networks has become the entity of Hewlett Packard Enterprise bringing to market all campus and small business data networking offerings of HPE.
 Its core products are wireless Access Points (APs), wired switches, mobility controllers, and network management software.
 The company has over 1,800 employees and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California.
Bernardo Huberman is a Senior Fellow and Senior Vice President at Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, and Director of the Mechanisms and Design Lab at Hewlett Packard Labs.
 He received his Ph.D. in Physics from the University of Pennsylvania, and is currently a Consulting Professor in the Department of Applied Physics and the Symbolic System Program at Stanford University.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (commonly referred to as Hewlett Packard Enterprise or HPE) is an American multinational enterprise information technology company based in Palo Alto, California, founded on 1 November 2015 as part of splitting of the Hewlett-Packard company.
 HPE is a business-focused organization with four divisions: Enterprise Group, which works in servers, storage, networking, consulting and support; Services; Software; and Financial Services.
Tandem Computers, Inc. was the dominant manufacturer of fault-tolerant computer systems for ATM networks, banks, stock exchanges, telephone switching centers, and other similar commercial transaction processing applications requiring maximum uptime and zero data loss.
 The company was founded in 1974 in Cupertino, California.
 It remained independent until 1997, when it became a server division within Compaq.
 It is now a server division within Hewlett Packard Enterprise, following Hewlett Packard's acquisition of Compaq and the split of Hewlett Packard into HP Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise.
