Stelio Savante (born April 24, 1970) is a South African born New York actor, producer, and writer living in the United States.
 He is a native English-speaker (Anglo-South African) and fluent in Afrikaans and Greek.
 In 2007 he became the first male South African born Screen Actors Guild nominee for his recurring role on "Ugly Betty".
Cornelis Hiddingh, RNL (10 June 1809 – 4 September 1871) was a South African born Dutch lawyer and civil servant, who acted as special envoy to the Orange Free State and South African Republic in 1855–1856 and was consul general of the Orange Free State in the Netherlands between 1861 and 1871.
Robbie Diack (born 12 November 1985 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a South African born, Irish rugby union player who currently plays for Ulster in the Pro14.
 He plays in the back row mainly as a number eight.
 He signed for Ulster at the start of the 2008/2009 season from the South African club The Stormers.
 At 6 ft and weighing 110 kg , He will be eligible to play his rugby for Ireland in July 2011 as he will have been living in Ireland for the required three years.
 In October 2010 Diack signed a contract keeping him with Ulster until June 2014.
Pierre Novellie is a South African born comedian, who grew up on the Isle of Man from an early age where he went to King William's College.
 Pierre was then a member and eventually Vice President of the Cambridge Footlights Revue whilst at University.
Sigh No More is a musical revue consisting of twenty-two scenes and numbers composed, written and produced by Noël Coward, with additional items by Joyce Grenfell, Richard Addinsell and Norman Hackforth.
 The show was Coward's first post-World War II musical and starred Cyril Ritchard, his wife Madge Elliott and Joyce Grenfell.
 It also featured Graham Payn, Coward's longtime partner, who sang the best-known song in the show, the wistful "Matelot".
Andrew Tracey, born 5 May 1936, Durban, South Africa, is a South African ethnomusicologist, promoter of African Music, composer, folk singer, band leader, and actor.
 His father, Hugh Tracey (1903–1977), pioneered the study of traditional African music in the 1920s – 1970s, created the International Library of African Music (ILAM) in 1954, and started the company African Musical Instruments (AMI) which manufactured the first commercial kalimbas in the 1950s.
 Andrew Tracey continued and complemented the work of his father Hugh Tracey in a variety of ways.
 With brother Paul Tracey, he co-wrote and performed in the world musical revue Wait a Minim which travelled around the world for seven years.
 With his father and brother Paul, Andrew wrote the first instructional materials for the Hugh Tracey kalimbas which were being sent around the world in the 1960s.
 Upon his father's death in 1977, Andrew took over his father's role as director of ILAM, which he filled until his retirement in 2005, and his wife Heather Tracey took over the role of director of AMI until 1999.
Linda Sikhakhane is a young South African born Saxophonist and Composer, he was born in Umlazi township, Durban.
 his love for music especially Jazz was triggered at an early age and this saw him attending music classes under the tutelage of the Legendary Dr Brian Thusi and Mr Khulekani Bhengu.
 at a later stage he then enrolled to study Music at the UKZN Howard College.
 Sikhakhane has played with many respected South African Artists and also shared the stage with many international artists.
 he has also been involved in many projects as a mentor and teacher of music to young pupils nurturing their talents.
 While still at UKZN his talent also saw him being offered bursaries from SAMRO, the National Arts Council and the Leeds Youth Big Band
Cofield Mundi is a South African singer and songwriter born in Johannesburg, South Africa.
 Raised in a musical family, she began singing and performing from a young age and wrote her first song at the age of 12.
 Her aunt is South African born actress and singer Jill Kirkland, famous for her role in the movie "Katrina".
Isak Roux is a South African born German composer born in 1959.
 He is known for his arrangements of South African music, especially his work with the musical groups Ladysmith Black Mambazo and Kwela Tebza.
Brian Temba (born Brian Themba Makiwane) is a South African born performer, singer, songwriter and producer, known for his recent role as Ranthumeng Mokoena in the South African soap opera Muvhango and his role as Simba in the West End musical "The Lion King".
