Foundation: The International Review of Science Fiction is a critical peer-reviewed literary magazine established in 1972 that publishes articles and reviews about science fiction.
 It is published triannually (spring, summer, and winter) by the Science Fiction Foundation.
 "Worlds Without End" called it "the essential critical review of science fiction", whilst "The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction" has called it "perhaps the liveliest and indeed the most critical of the big three critical journals" (the others being Extrapolation (journal) and Science Fiction Studies).
 A long-running feature was the series of interviews and autobiographical pieces with leading writers, entitled "The Profession of Science Fiction", a selection of which was edited and published by Macmillan Publishers in 1992.
 Several issues have been themed, including #93 ("A Celebration of British Science Fiction", 2005), published also as part of the Foundation Studies in Science Fiction.
 The hundredth edition (Summer 2007) was unusual in that it was an all-fiction issue, including stories by such writers as Vandana Singh, Tricia Sullivan, Karen Traviss, Jon Courtenay Grimwood, John Kessel, Nalo Hopkinson, Greg Egan, and Una McCormack.
 Back issues of the journal are archived at the University of Liverpool's SF Hub whilst more recent issues can be found electronically via the database providers ProQuest.
The Science Fiction League was one of the earliest associations formed by science fiction fans.
 It was created by Hugo Gernsback in February 1934 in the pages of "Wonder Stories", an early science fiction pulp magazine.
 Gernsback was the League's "Executive Secretary', with Charles D. Hornig its "Assistant Secretary".
 The initial slate of "Executive Directors" included Forrest J. Ackerman, Eando Binder, Jack Darrow (Clifford Kornoelje), Edmond Hamilton, David H. Keller, P. Schuyler Miller, Clark Ashton Smith, and R. F. Starzl.
ICON is an annual science fiction convention held in the Cedar Rapids/ Iowa City area of Iowa since 1975, usually in late October or early November, under the auspices of the Mindbridge Foundation, a not-for-profit foundation also responsible for AnimeIowa and Gamicon.
 The organization was a branching off of the Science Fiction League of Iowa Students, which was founded by author Joe Haldeman.
 It is the oldest and largest science fiction convention in Iowa.
Science Fiction Quarterly was an American pulp science fiction magazine that was published from 1940 to 1943 and again from 1951 to 1958.
 Charles Hornig served as editor for the first two issues; Robert A. W. Lowndes edited the remainder.
 "Science Fiction Quarterly" was launched by publisher Louis Silberkleit during a boom in science fiction magazines at the end of the 1930s.
 Silberkleit launched two other science fiction titles ("Science Fiction" and "Future Fiction) "at about the same time: all three ceased publication before the end of World War II, falling prey to slow sales and paper shortages.
 In 1950 and 1951, as the market improved, Silberkleit relaunched "Future Fiction" and "Science Fiction Quarterly".
 By the time "Science Fiction Quarterly" ceased publication in 1958, it was the last surviving science fiction pulp.
The Hugo Awards are given every year by the World Science Fiction Society for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year.
 The award is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine "Amazing Stories", and was once officially known as the Science Fiction Achievement Award.
 The award has been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction" and "the best known literary award for science fiction writing".
 The Hugo Award for Best Professional Magazine was given each year for professionally edited magazines related to science fiction or fantasy, published in English, and which has published four or more issues with at least one issue appearing in the previous calendar year.
 Awards are also given out for non-professional magazines in the fanzine category, and for semi-professional magazines in the semiprozine category.
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952 is a 1952 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty.
 An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1953 under the title "The Best Science Fiction Stories: Third Series".
 The stories had originally appeared in 1951 and 1952 in the magazines "Super Science Stories", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Worlds Beyond", "Startling Stories", "New Worlds", "Marvel Science Fiction", "Esquire", "Man’s World" and "Suspense Magazine".
The Hugo Awards are given every year by the World Science Fiction Society for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year.
 The award is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine "Amazing Stories", and was once officially known as the Science Fiction Achievement Award.
 The award has been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction" and "the best known literary award for science fiction writing".
 The Hugo Award for Best Semiprozine was given each year for semi-professionally-edited magazines related to science fiction or fantasy, published in English and which had published four or more issues, with at least one issue appearing in the previous calendar year.
 Awards were once also given out for professional magazines in the professional magazine category, and are still awarded for fan magazines in the fanzine category.
The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction (usually referred to as F&SF) is a U.S. fantasy and science fiction magazine first published in 1949 by Fantasy House, a subsidiary of Lawrence Spivak's Mercury Press.
 Editors Anthony Boucher and J. Francis McComas had approached Spivak in the mid-1940s about creating a fantasy companion to Spivak's existing mystery title, "Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine".
 The first issue was titled "The Magazine of Fantasy", but the decision was quickly made to include science fiction as well as fantasy, and the title was changed correspondingly with the second issue.
 "F&SF" was quite different in presentation from the existing science fiction magazines of the day, most of which were in pulp format: it had no interior illustrations, no letter column, and text in a single column format, which in the opinion of science fiction historian Mike Ashley "set "F&SF" apart, giving it the air and authority of a superior magazine".
Vargo Statten Science Fiction Magazine (later Vargo Statten British Science Fiction Magazine, The British Science Fiction Magazine and The British Space Fiction Magazine) was a British science fiction magazine which published nineteen issues between 1954 and 1956.
 It was initially published by Scion Press, with control passing to a successor company, Scion Distributors, after Scion went bankrupt in early 1954.
 At the end of 1954, as part payment for a debt, Scion Distributors handed control of the magazine to Dragon Press, who continued it for another twelve issues.
 E.C. Tubb and John Russell Fearn were regular contributors, and Kenneth Bulmer also published several stories in the magazine.
 Barrington Bayley's first published story, "Combat's End", appeared in May 1954.
 The editor was initially Alistair Paterson, but after seven issues Fearn took the helm: "Vargo Statten" was one of Fearn's aliases, and the magazine's title had been chosen because of his popularity.
 Neither Paterson nor Fearn had enough of a budget to attract good quality submissions, and a printing strike in 1956 brought an end to the magazine's life.
The Hugo Awards are given every year by the World Science Fiction Society for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year.
 The award is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine "Amazing Stories", and was once officially known as the Science Fiction Achievement Award.
 It has been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction" and "the best known literary award for science fiction writing".
 The Hugo Award for Best Graphic Story is given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories told in graphic form and published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year.
 The Hugo Award for Best Graphic Story has been awarded annually since 2009.
 It was started then with the requirement that it would only continue as an official award if approved again by the World Science Fiction Society after that year.
 It was, and was again awarded in 2010; it was ratified as a permanent category after the 2012 awards.
