CNN World News, a program that airs on CNN International and CNN International Asia Pacific.
 It is supplemented by CNN World News Asia and CNN World News Europe The show's traditional time run is 24-hours if it is followed by CNN World News Middle East The show's regular presenters include Errol Barnett.
 Its main role is to update viewers of the latest news in the world.
 It contains a weather update from the CNN World Weather Forecast News.
 CNN World News can usually air up to three times on weekends, and is known to be bringing the latest on a story.
A Word in Your Ear is a game show that originally aired BBC1 from 19 April 1993 to 14 October 1994 then on The Family Channel from 1995.
 It was hosted by Gordon Burns.
 The host presided over male and female pairs of celebrities as they participate in a few rounds of communication games.
 Celebrities appearing included Lynsey De Paul, Nick Owen, Philippa Kennedy and Bob Holness.
Gordon Burns (born 2 December 1978) is a Scottish former professional footballer who is currently manager of Troon in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.
 He has previously played in the Scottish Championship for Ayr United.
The Krypton Factor is a British game show produced by Granada for broadcast on ITV.
 The show originally ran from 7 September 1977 to 20 November 1995, and was hosted by Gordon Burns and usually broadcast on the ITV network on Mondays at 7pm.
Krypto the Superdog is an American animated television series produced by Warner Bros.
 Animation, based on the DC Comics character Krypto.
 The show premiered on Cartoon Network on March 25, 2005, and aired on Kids' WB in September 2006.
 It would usually air after the "Tickle-U" block.
Soil mechanics is a branch of soil physics and applied mechanics that describes the behavior of soils.
 It differs from fluid mechanics and solid mechanics in the sense that soils consist of a heterogeneous mixture of fluids (usually air and water) and particles (usually clay, silt, sand, and gravel) but soil may also contain organic solids and other matter.
 Along with rock mechanics, soil mechanics provides the theoretical basis for analysis in geotechnical engineering, a subdiscipline of civil engineering, and engineering geology, a subdiscipline of geology.
 Soil mechanics is used to analyze the deformations of and flow of fluids within natural and man-made structures that are supported on or made of soil, or structures that are buried in soils.
 Example applications are building and bridge foundations, retaining walls, dams, and buried pipeline systems.
 Principles of soil mechanics are also used in related disciplines such as engineering geology, geophysical engineering, coastal engineering, agricultural engineering, hydrology and soil physics.
Password was a British panel game show based on the US version of the same name.
 It was originally aired on ITV produced by ATV from 12 March to 10 September 1963 hosted by Shaw Taylor, then it aired on BBC2 from 24 March to 28 April 1973 hosted by Brian Redhead before moving to its flagship channel BBC1 from 7 January 1974 to 1976 first hosted by Eleanor Summerfield then by Esther Rantzen, it was then aired on Channel 4 produced by Thames in association with Talbot Television and Goodson-Todman Productions from 6 November 1982 to 14 May 1983 hosted by Tom O'Connor and then finally aired back on ITV produced by Ulster from 22 July 1987 to 5 August 1988 hosted by Gordon Burns.
Foil bearings, also known as foil-air bearings, are a type of air bearing.
 A shaft is supported by a compliant, spring-loaded foil journal lining.
 Once the shaft is spinning fast enough, the working fluid (usually air) pushes the foil away from the shaft so that there is no contact.
 The shaft and foil are separated by the air's high pressure which is generated by the rotation which pulls gas into the bearing via viscosity effects.
 A high speed of the shaft with respect to the foil is required to initiate the air gap, and once this has been achieved, no wear occurs.
 Unlike aerostatic or hydrostatic bearings, foil bearings require no external pressurisation system for the working fluid, so the hydrodynamic bearing is self-starting.
The TNA Television Championship was a professional wrestling championship owned by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) professional wrestling promotion.
 Being a professional wrestling championship, it is won via a scripted ending to a match or awarded to a wrestler because of a storyline.
 All title changes have occurred at TNA-promoted events thus far.
 Title changes that occur on TNA's television program "Impact Wrestling" (also known as "TNA Impact!"
 until May 3, 2011) usually air on tape delay and as such are listed with the day the tapings occurred, rather than the air date.
Spray painting is a painting technique where a device sprays a coating (paint, ink, varnish, etc.) through the air onto a surface.
 The most common types employ compressed gas—usually air—to atomize and direct the paint particles.
 Spray guns evolved from airbrushes, and the two are usually distinguished by their size and the size of the spray pattern they produce.
 Airbrushes are hand-held and used instead of a brush for detailed work such as photo retouching, painting nails or fine art.
 Air gun spraying uses equipment that is generally larger.
 It is typically used for covering large surfaces with an even coating of liquid.
 Spray guns can be either automated or hand-held and have interchangeable heads to allow for different spray patterns.
 Single color aerosol paint cans are portable and easy to store.
