Tyler Ulis (born January 5, 1996) is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He played college basketball for the Kentucky Wildcats.
 At Kentucky in 2015, he led his team in assists, he made the 2015 SEC All-Freshman Team and led the 2014–15 Kentucky team that won its first 38 games before losing to Wisconsin in the final four of the 2015 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
 As a sophomore, Ulis was a Consensus first team All-American and earned the Southeastern Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year and the Southeastern Conference Men's Basketball Defensive Player of the Year recognition.
Joshua Neville Carter (born November 20, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for Limoges CSP of the LNB Pro A.
 He played college basketball for Texas A&M.
 He also played for the Athletes in Action basketball team in 2006 and 2007, helping the team win the William Jones Cup in 2006.
 In the 2006–07 season, Carter co-led all NCAA Division I men's basketball players with his three-point accuracy of 50%.
 The 98–37 team record he compiled during his college career makes him the winningest men's basketball player in the program's history.
Tyus Robert Jones (born May 10, 1996) is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He played college basketball for the Duke Blue Devils in his freshman season as part of the 2014–15 National Championship team.
 He was ranked among the top 10 players in the national high school class of 2014 by Rivals.com, Scout.com and ESPN.
 He was a Minnesota State High School League (MSHSL) Class 4A state champion, three-time Minnesota Associated Press Boys Basketball Player of the Year and three-time Minnesota Boys Basketball Gatorade Player of the Year for Apple Valley High School.
 He played in the 2014 McDonald's All-American Boys Game, 2014 Jordan Brand Classic and the 2014 Nike Hoop Summit.
 He won the skills competition at the 2014 McDonald's All-American Game and posted the only double-double in the 2014 Jordan Brand Classic.
Zacarías Ferreira is a Bachata artist from the Dominican Republic.
 He was born in the 1970s in the Dominican Republic.
 He is the uncle of professional basketball player Karl-Anthony Towns, who currently plays on the Minnesota Timberwolves, of the NBA.
Kehinde Babatunde Victor Oladipo (born May 4, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers where he was named the "Sporting News" Men's College Basketball Player of the Year, the National Co-Defensive Player of the Year, and a first-team All-American by the USBWA and "Sporting News".
 That same year, he was also named the winner of the Adolph Rupp Trophy, given annually to the top player in men's NCAA Division I basketball.
 Oladipo was drafted with the second overall pick in the 2013 NBA draft by the Orlando Magic and went on to be named to the NBA All-Rookie first team.
Matt Gorman (born on May 1, 1984) is a former professional basketball player who last played for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Steamers.
 He played college basketball for Syracuse University during their first National Championship in 2003.
 He also played three years of professional basketball in Europe.
 Matt's uncle is Steve Gorman, drummer for The Black Crowes rock band.
Darington O'Neal Hobson (born September 29, 1987) is an American professional basketball player for the Guangxi Weizhuang Rhinos of the Chinese National Basketball League (NBL).
 He played college basketball for the University of New Mexico Lobos men's basketball team.
 Born in Las Vegas, Nevada, Hobson attended five high schools and a junior college before finally becoming eligible to play Division I college basketball.
 Hobson was drafted in the 2nd round (37th overall) of the 2010 NBA Draft by the Milwaukee Bucks.
 Hobson was waived on December 2, 2010, due to injury.
 A year later, Hobson was re-signed by the Bucks for the 2011–12 season.
 He was waived again on February 3, 2012.
Kemba Hudley Walker (born May 8, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Walker was drafted ninth overall by the Charlotte Bobcats in the 2011 NBA draft.
 Walker grew up in The Bronx, New York, and graduated from Rice High School in 2008.
 Walker played college basketball for the Connecticut men's basketball team.
 In the 2010–11 season, Walker was unanimously selected for the All-Big East first team, Walker was the second-leading college basketball scorer in the United States and led the Huskies to the 2011 Big East championship and 2011 NCAA championship and was named as the tournament's most outstanding player for both championships.
Kevin Foster (born June 17, 1990) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Beşiktaş of the Turkish Basketball League (TBL).
 The 6 ft shooting guard played college basketball for Santa Clara University between 2008–09 and 2012–13.
 Foster made 431 three-point field goals in his career, which is tied for the fourth-most all-time in NCAA Division I history.
 He finished his collegiate career as Santa Clara's all-time leading scorer with 2,423 points, which is also the most in San Francisco Bay Area Division I history and second most in West Coast Conference history.
 Foster holds a rare distinction of being named a most valuable player (MVP) in two different postseason tournaments: the 2011 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament (CIT) and the 2013 College Basketball Invitational (CBI), both of which Santa Clara won.
Garnett Thompson is an American professional basketball player.
 He is from Islip, New York and initially played college basketball at Suffolk Community College.
 The 6'9" Forward played college basketball with the Providence Friars.
 He only played at Providence University for 1 year.
 He has played internationally with AZS Koszalin of Poland.
 Thompson has played professionally in Lebanon as well.
 In Lebanon, he has helped the Ceders achieve success.
 He has played at Lebanon for 5 years.
 He has also found playing time in Street Basketball at the Entertainers Ball Classic at Rucker Park.
 He returned in 2016 to play with the Lebanese team Champville without being paid in the Henri Chalhoub Tournament, he helped his team reach the final but lost against Byblos.
