Stephen Trask, born Stephen R. Schwartz (born August 29, 1966—the date of The Beatles' final concert) is an American musician and composer who graduated from Wesleyan University.
Khachatur of Taron or Khatchatur Taronetsi (Armenian: Խաչատուր Տարոնցի , born Taron, western Armenia, date unknown; death date unknown) was a poet and musician who occupies a special place among the writers of Sharakans.
Tevin Jermod Campbell (born November 12, 1976) is an American singer, songwriter and actor.
 Born in Waxahachie, Texas; he displayed a passion for singing at a very early age, performing gospel in his local church.
 Following an audition for a famous jazz musician, Bobbi Humprey, in 1988, Campbell was signed to Warner Bros.
 Records.
 In 1991, Campbell collaborated with music impresario Quincy Jones performing lead vocals for "Tomorrow" on Jones' album "Back on the Block" and released his Platinum-selling debut album, "T.E.V.I.N.".
 The album included his highest-charting single to date, "Tell Me What You Want Me to Do", peaking at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Neneco Norton (born Elio Ramon Gonzalez, Asuncion, Paraguay, December 8, 1923) is a musician, composer and orchestra director.
 He was born in 1923 in Asuncion, capital of the Republic of Paraguay on December 8, the day of the festival of the Virgin of Caacupé, an important date for Paraguayans.
 His parents were Apolonio Benitez and Hermelinda Gonzalez.
Cameron Potts (born 10 November 1971 in Subiaco, Western Australia), is a musician based in Melbourne.
 Since 1999, he has toured regularly to the United States, Canada, Europe, Mexico, Japan, Taiwan, China, Malaysia, Scandinavia and Iceland with both Ninetynine, playing drums, and Baseball, playing violin.
 His band Cuba Is Japan toured the far east in 2009, playing the Music Terminals Festival in Taiwan with Tricky, Placebo and a number of Australian acts including Mick Turner, The Stabs and The Holy Soul.
 and a 5 date tour of China supporting Angie Hart.
 He is not to be confused with Sydney musician Cameron Potts, lead singer and guitarist of Dead Letter Chorus.
Ryan Otto Cassata (born December 13, 1993) is an American musician, public speaker, writer, filmmaker, and actor.
 Cassata speaks at high schools and universities on the subject of Gender Dysphoria, being transgender, bullying and his personal transition from female to male, including a double mastectomy surgery in January 2012, when he was 18 years old.
 He currently resides in San Francisco.
 He has made appearances on the Larry King Live Show & The Tyra Banks Show to talk about being transgender.
 He has performed at LGBT music festivals and has gone on tours across the United States of America.
 Cassata has performed at popular music venues such as Whisky a Go Go, The Saint, The Bitter End, SideWalk Cafe, and Bowery Poetry Club.
 Cassata won a date on Warped Tour 2013 through the Ernie Ball Battle of the Bands online competition and performed on the Acoustic Basement Stage on June 21, 2013.
 Cassata also won a date on Warped Tour 2015 through the Ernie Ball Battle of the Bands and performed on the Ernie Ball Stage on June 20, 2015.
Milford Graves (born August 20, 1941 in Queens, New York) is an American jazz drummer and percussionist, most noteworthy for his early avant-garde contributions in the early 1960s with Paul Bley and the New York Art Quartet alongside John Tchicai, Roswell Rudd, and Reggie Workman.
 He is considered to be a free jazz pioneer, liberating the percussion from its timekeeping role.
 In fact, many of his music contemporaries, musician inspirees, and fans world-wide would argue that Graves is perhaps the most influential known musician in the development and continuing evolution of free-jazz/avant-garde music, to date.
 Milford Graves taught at Bennington College, in Bennington, Vermont, as a full-time professor from 1973 until 2011, when he was awarded Emeritus status.
Quintron (real name Robert Rolston; born c. 1967 in Germany) is an American musician and leader of the eponymous one-man-band, "Quintron".
 He is a celebrated nightclub organist and inventor, who has patented a number of his own inventions and often performs at his own private club, the Spellcaster Lodge in New Orleans.
 He frequently performs with his wife, musician and puppeteer Panacea Pussycat (also known as Miss Pussycat), co-founder of the 9th Ward's defunct Pussycat Caverns.
 Quintron's most notable invention to date is the Drum Buddy, a mechanically-rotating, five-oscillator, light-activated drum machine.
Douglas Lucas (born Douglas Glenn Lucas, Jr. on May 12, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter, and musician from Elizabethtown, Kentucky.
 Four months before he was to graduate high school he told his principal that he was going to drop out if he had to cut his hair.
 After high school, he was preparing to start studying for a degree in philosophy but quickly changed his mind when he signed a deal with Sony/ATV Music Publishing.
 Lucas's best-known work is from 2005 with his band The North.
 His most-popular song to date is "New Fixation", which was featured on ESPN's "Baseball Tonight" in April 2006 (being viewed by some four million people).
Zemfira, born Zemfira Talgatovna Ramazanova (Russian: Земфира Талгатовна Рамазанова , Tatar: Земфира Тәлгать кызы Рамазанова, Zemfira Tälğät qızı Ramazanova ; born 26 August 1976 in Ufa, Bashkortostan) is a Russian rock musician.
 She has been performing since 1998 and has been popular in Russia and other former Soviet republics.
 To date Zemfira has sold over 3 million records.
