Jacques I Androuet du Cerceau, also given as Du Cerceau, DuCerceau, or Ducerceau (1510–1584) was a well-known French designer of architecture, ornament, furniture, metalwork and other decorative designs during the 16th century, and the founder of the Androuet du Cerceau family.
 He introduced Renaissance architecture to France with the assistance of Pierre Lescot, Philibert Delorme and Jean Bullant.
 Though he was referred to by contemporaries as "architecte" and was even appointed "architecte du roi", he is remembered especially for his suites of engravings produced from 1549 (beginning with a suite of Triumphal arches) from his printshop in Orléans.
Jean Androuet du Cerceau (c.1585–1650) was a French architect, the son of Jean Baptiste Androuet du Cerceau, the outstanding Parisian architect of his generation.
Androuet du Cerceau was a family of French architects and designers active in the 16th and early 17th century.
Henry III (19 September 1551 – 2 August 1589; born "Alexandre Édouard de France", Polish: "Henryk Walezy" , Lithuanian: "Henrikas Valua" ) was King of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth from 1573 to 1575 and King of France from 1574 until his death.
 He was the last French monarch of the House of Valois.
Salomon de Brosse (1571 – 9 December 1626) was an influential early 17th-century French architect, a major influence on François Mansart.
 Salomon was born in Verneuil-en-Halatte, Oise, into a prominent Huguenot family, the grandson through his mother of the designer Jacques I Androuet du Cerceau and the son of the architect Jean de Brosse.
 He was established in practice in Paris in 1598 and was promoted to court architect in 1608.
Jacques Androuet du Cerceau, the younger (1550 – 16 September 1614), was a French architect.
The Warsaw Confederation, signed on January 28, 1573 by the Polish national assembly ("sejm konwokacyjny") in Warsaw, was the first European act granting religious freedoms.
 It was an important development in the history of Poland and Lithuania that extended religious tolerance to nobility and free persons within the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and is considered the formal beginning of religious freedom in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
 While it did not prevent all conflict based on religion, it did make the Commonwealth a much safer and more tolerant place than most of contemporaneous Europe, especially during the subsequent Thirty Years' War.
Paul Androuet du Cerceau (1623–1710), was a French goldsmith and engraver, who was active in Paris around 1610.
 According to "Benezit", Reynaud presumes he is the son of the architect Jean Baptiste Androuet du Cerceau, who built the Pont Neuf in Paris, but Paul is now believed to be the grandson of Jacques II Androuet du Cerceau.
Jean Baptiste Androuet du Cerceau (1544/47–1590) was a French architect who designed the Pont Neuf (1579), spanning the Seine, Paris, and became supervisor of the royal works under Henri III and Henri IV, including the Louvre.
 Several "hôtels particuliers" are ascribed to him.
 The Hôtel d'Angoulême, the Hôtel de Lamoignon (1584), which houses the Historical Library of the City of Paris, and the Hôtel de Mayenne (rue St-Antoine in the Marais).
 The Hôtel de Mayenne, with rhythmically varied dormer windows set in a high slate roof, has the pediments of its piano nobile windows superposed on the frieze above.
Jean Baptiste Assenede (also Jan Baptist Assenede, Jean Baptiste Assenie, Jean Baptiste Asseny and nickname Lantaren was a Flemish painter from the Baroque who was active in Italy in the middle of the 17th century.
 He was born in Tournai in the first half of 17th century.
 He is recorded in Rome from 1646 to 1655.
 Here he became a member of the Bentvueghels, an association of mainly Dutch and Flemish artists active in Rome.
 His nickname (the so-called 'bent-name') was 'Lantaren', which is Dutch for 'Lantern'.
 No existing work of his hand is known today.
