New York State Route 9B (NY 9B) is a state highway located within Clinton County, New York, in the United States.
 The route serves as a connector between its parent route, U.S. Route 9 (US 9), in the town of Champlain and US 11 in the village of Rouses Point.
 While US 9 bypasses Rouses Point to the west, NY 9B veers east to serve the village and the shoreline of Lake Champlain.
 NY 9B is the northernmost section of the Lakes to Locks Passage, an All-American Road.
 Modern NY 9B was the original alignment of US 9 through the town of Champlain.
 US 9 was moved onto its present alignment west of Rouses Point in the mid-1940s, at which time its former routing to Rouses Point became NY 9B.
Yonkers Avenue is an east–west street in the city of Yonkers in Westchester County, New York, in the United States.
 It is one of four major east–west through routes in the city.
 The western terminus of the street is at Nepperhan Avenue, which connects to U.S. Route 9 (US 9) and New York State Route 9A (NY 9A).
 Its eastern terminus is at Bronx River Road near the Bronx River Parkway.
 The entirety of Yonkers Avenue is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation as New York State Route 983C from Nepperhan Avenue to the Saw Mill River Parkway and New York State Route 984E from the Saw Mill Parkway to Bronx River Road.
 Both are unsigned reference route designations.
New York State Route 418 (NY 418) is a 3.50 mi state highway located entirely within the Adirondack Park in Warren County, New York, in the United States.
 The route begins just west of the hamlet of Thurman Station, where Athol Road changes designations from County Route 4 (CR 4) to NY 418.
 It heads eastward through the towns of Thurman and Warrensburg, following the Schroon River to an intersection with U.S. Route 9 (US 9) in the hamlet of Warrensburg.
 All of NY 418 is part of the Dude Ranch Trail, a New York State Scenic Byway that runs through Warren County and Saratoga County.
The Prospect Mountain Veterans Memorial Highway is a parkway located in the town of Lake George, New York.
 The road is 5.88 mi long, starting at the U.S. Route 9 (US 9) and New York State Route 9N (NY 9N) concurrency and ending at the peak of Prospect Mountain.
 Although the road is designated as New York State Route 917A, an unsigned reference route, by the New York State Department of Transportation, all maintenance on the roadway is performed by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation.
Boght Corners (also referred to as Boght) is a hamlet in the town of Colonie in northern Albany County, New York that straddles U.S. Route 9 (Route 9).
 The corners that give the hamlet its name are found at the intersection of Route 9 and Boght Road (NY Route 9R on leg east of hamlet), near the Boght Community Fire District’s station.
 The community is served by the North Colonie Central School District.
 Boght Hills Elementary School is located within the hamlet.
New York State Route 9G (NY 9G) is a state highway in the Hudson Valley of New York in the United States.
 It runs north from U.S. Route 9 (US 9) at Poughkeepsie, starting out as Violet Avenue, then follows the Hudson River mostly along the eastern side of the US 9 to Rhinebeck, where the two routes cross just north of the village.
 From this point onward, NY 9G runs on the western side of US 9, closer to the Hudson River, to Hudson.
 It ends at another junction with US 9 in the city.
 NY 9G initially extended from Rhinebeck to Hudson when it was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York.
 It was extended to its current length in the late 1930s, supplanting New York State Route 9F, an alternate route of US 9 between Poughkeepsie and Rhinebeck.
New York State Route 157A (NY 157A) is an east–west state highway located in Albany County, New York, in the United States.
 It serves as a 5.88 mi loop route of NY 157 through the towns of Knox and Berne, veering a considerable distance to the south to serve the hamlet of East Berne and indirectly connect NY 157 to NY 443.
 NY 157A rejoins NY 157 near the access road to Thompson's Lake State Park, which is along NY 157.
 It is a two-lane highway its entire length.
 NY 157A, like its parent route, was assigned in 1930 to its current routing.
Borodino is a hamlet located at the intersection of New York State Route 41 (East Lake Road, running approximately east-west) and New York State Route 174 (Rose Hill Road, running north-south) in the Town of Spafford in Onondaga County, New York, near Skaneateles Lake.
 The hamlet proper extends five to ten properties to the east, south, west and north from the intersection, until houses and a few other buildings are replaced by farm fields.
 A monument for veterans, designed by Gianfranco Fritelli, stands in a cemetery at the southeast corner of the intersection.
 A little-altered Federal style Methodist Church, known locally as "The Church", dating from 1830, stands close to the 174, about five properties north.
 The Borodino District School No. 8 (c. 1853–59) and Borodino Hall (1835) are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
New York State Route 9N (NY 9N) is a north–south state highway in northeastern New York in the United States.
 It extends from an intersection with U.S. Route 9 (US 9), NY 29, and NY 50 in the city of Saratoga Springs to a junction with US 9 and NY 22 in the Clinton County hamlet of Keeseville.
 At 143.49 mi in total length, NY 9N is the longest letter-suffixed route in the state.
 It is concurrent with its parent route for 1 mi in the village of Lake George and for three blocks in the hamlet of Elizabethtown.
New York State Route 9R (NY 9R) is a north–south state highway in northeastern Albany County, New York, in the United States.
 The route is a 3.22 mi eastern loop of U.S. Route 9 (US 9), connecting that route to the city of Cohoes 1.5 mi to the east.
 It leaves US 9 in the hamlet of Latham and rejoins its parent in the hamlet of Boght Corners, both located in the town of Colonie.
 Most of NY 9R is a two-lane highway that passes through residential areas; however, the southwesternmost portion of the route is four lanes wide and serves a commercial district.
 The route was assigned c. 1939 and has remained largely unchanged since that time, save for a brief period during the 1970s where NY 9R was partially replaced by NY 470.
