The Mt. Eden Formation is a geologic formation in Riverside County, California.
 It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period.
The Historic Inns of Annapolis consist of three historically rich inns dating back to the end of the American Revolutionary War.
 The historical buildings, located in Annapolis, Maryland, include the Maryland Inn, Governor Calvert House, and the Robert Johnson House as well as the Treaty of Paris restaurant and the King of France Tavern, which are the on-site dining facilities.
 Managed by Remington Hotels, the hotel is located in the heart of the city of Annapolis, MD.
The Town of Ramsgate public house is located at the centre of the ancient hamlet of Wapping in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
 It features in several books about London inns where it is rated as 'a notable specimen of a waterman's tavern.'
 Although the present building dates back to 1758, the National Monuments Record have stated that it was constructed on earlier foundations.
 Today it benefits from a listed Grade II, awarded primarily for the pub's interior; the 'beamed ceilings, benches, plank paneling and engraved glass screen' but also for its 'group value and historical associations.'
 Despite later changes,the pub has a distinctive atmosphere.
 Crammed into a small rectangular area between Wapping Old Stairs and Oliver's Wharf, its fight for space is reflected in the long narrow shapes of the pub's main bar.
 Walking out onto the pub's riverside terrace, the visitor is confronted by the dramatic sight of narrow steps leading up to the mock gallows that loom against the skyline.
Musturzabalsuchus is an extinct genus of crocodylian, and one of the oldest known members of the superfamily Alligatoroidea.
 The generic name means "Broadened rostrum crocodile", with "Musturzabal" meaning "broadened rostrum" in Basque and "suchus" meaning "crocodile" in Greek.
 The type and only species is "M. buffetauti", named after the French paleoherpetologist Eric Buffetaut.
 The material first assigned to "Musturzabalsuchus" in 1997 has been found from the locality of Laño in Condado de Treviño, northern Spain.
 Although dating back to the Late Cretaceous, the exact age of the strata in which material of "Musturzabalsuchus" occurs in the locality is not known: it is either Late Campanian or very Early Maastrichtian.
 Despite the unusually high quantity of remains belonging to the genus (most other continental Late Cretaceous crocodilian genera from Europe are poorly represented), the only skeletal elements known from "Musturzabalsuchus" are the maxilla and mandible.
 Some fragments of these bones have been found from the locality of Armuña in the province of Segovia that were previously referred to an unnamed trematochampsid.
 Like the holotype and paratype material found from Laño, these fossils, known collectively as UPUAM-502, are Campano-Maastrichtian in age.
 Another specimen (MHNM 10834.0) from the Fuvelian Lignites of France has been referred to "Musturzabalsuchus" in 1999.
 However, the characteristics used to assign the material to better-known specimens of "Musturzabalsuchus" from Spain were questioned in a later study.
 Material from "Musturzabalsuchus" has been found more recently from Valencia, Spain, being slightly older in age than specimens from other localities, dating back to the Early or Middle Campanian.
San Francisco Women Artists (SFWA) is one of California's oldest arts organizations, dating back to 1887 when it was founded by local woman as the Sketch Club, meeting monthly to share and critique their work and to make field trips.
 San Francisco Women Artists (SFWA) is one of California's oldest arts organizations, dating back to 1887 as the Sketch Club, which was organized by independent women who met to share and critique each other's work and to counter the all-male Bohemian Club.
 During the early 1920s, it reorganized as the San Francisco Society of Art, and included men and women.
 By 1925, the women of the Society branched off as a separate entity as the San Francisco Society of Women Artists.
 In 1946 it became the San Francisco Women Artists.
 This organization, with a membership of 400, is dedicated to encouraging and promoting the work of women artists.
 In 1983 the SFWA procured a gallery which provides exhibition space for members.
 Members included Marcella Labaudt, Alice B.Chittenden, M. Evelyn McCormick, Helen Hyde, Dorr Bothwell, Claire Falkenstein, Ruth Asawa, Nell Sinton, Eva Almond Withrow, Imogen Cunningham, and Emmy LouPackard.
The Corps Berlin is a fraternity ("Studentenverbindung") in Berlin, Germany, founded on February 9, 2009 with roots dating back to December 2, 1859.
 It is one of 162 "German Student Corps" in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Belgium, Latvia and Hungary today.
 The Corps is a member of the Weinheimer Senioren-Convent (WSC), the second oldest federation of classical European fraternal corporations, with roots dating back to the 15th century and fraternities founded in several European countries.
The Prospect of Whitby is a historic public house on the banks of the Thames at Wapping in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
 It lays claim to being the site of the oldest riverside tavern, dating from around 1520.
The earliest anatomically modern humans skeleton in Peninsular Malaysia, Perak Man, dates back 11,000 years and Perak Woman dating back 8,000 years, were both discovered in Lenggong.
 The site has an undisturbed stone tool production area, created using equipment such as anvils and hammer stones.
 The Tambun Cave paintings are also situated in Perak.
 From East Malaysia, Sarawak's Niah Caves, there is evidence of the oldest human remains in Malaysia, dating back 40,000 years.
The Cantar de los Siete Infantes de Lara (Song of the Seven Lara Princes) is a legend, perhaps derived from a lost "cantar de gesta", that relates a tale of family feuding and revenge, centering on the murder of the eponymous seven "infantes", princes, of Lara or Salas.
 The legend survives in prose form in medieval chronicles, the oldest being in the extended version of the "Estoria de España" (History of Spain) compiles during the reign of Sancho IV of Castile, before 1289 (edited by Ramón Menéndez Pidal under the name "Primera Crónica General").
 From the account found in this chronicle as well as mention in the "Crónica de 1344" ("Segunda Crónica General") and interpolations into a copy of the "Tercera Crónica General" dating from 1512, Menéndez Pidal found evidence for the existence of an ancient "cantar de gesta", lost but partially reconstructed, dating back to the year 1000, that would, along with the "Cantar de Mio Cid" and the "Poema de Fernán González", represent one of the most important epic "cantares" of Castilian literature, and the most primitive example of the Spanish epic.
 The legendary tradition of the "Infantes de Lara" has also been developed though ballads.
 Some more recent scholars have rejected this, dating the story to shortly before the surviving prose versions.
 The "Infantes de Lara" were the children of Castilian nobleman Gonzalo Gustioz of Lara or Salas and his wife ""Doña Sancha"" (lady Sancha).
 The story revolves around a family feud, an escalating tit-for-tat cycle of revenge, between their family and that of Sancha's brother, Ruy Velázquez and his wife "Doña" Lambra.
<ref name="Barton137/8">Barton, pp. 137–138</ref>
Blackwater Castle (Castle Widenham) is a privately owned estate located in the village of Castletownroche between the towns of Mallow and Fermoy in North Cork, Ireland, and since 2005 is available to rent as a private hire venue for castle weddings and private parties along with castle rentals for vacations.
 The castle comprises one of the oldest occupied castles in Ireland as parts of the residential section date back to the early 15th century while the castle structure itself dates back to the 12th century.
 A round tower on the eastern end of the Castle dating from the late 12th century is still standing although no longer accessible.
 The castle was constructed on the ancient fortress of Dun Cruadha, an inland promontory fort dating back to the late Bronze Age/early Iron Age, while the site itself was first occupied back in the Mesolithic age (circa 9,000 years ago) as evidenced by the flint scatter found at Kilcummer and the caves on the south bank of the River Awbeg making this site one of the earliest known settlements in Ireland.
