Mary Kerry Kennedy (born September 8, 1959) is an American human rights activist and writer.
 She is the seventh child and third daughter of Robert F. Kennedy and Ethel Skakel Kennedy.
 After her 15-year marriage to now-New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, she was known as Kerry Kennedy Cuomo from 1991 until 2003.
 She is the president of Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights.
 She is also a niece of the late President John F. Kennedy and United States Senator Ted Kennedy, and a cousin of former U.S. Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy and Maria Shriver, the estranged wife of actor, bodybuilder, and former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Anthony Paul Kennedy Shriver (born July 20, 1965) is an American activist for people with intellectual disabilities.
 In 1989, he founded Best Buddies International, an international organization that helps people with intellectual disabilities to find employment and social opportunities.
 Through his mother, he is a nephew of World War II casualty Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr., President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and Senator Ted Kennedy.
The Kennedy Compound consists of three houses on six acres (24,000 m²) of waterfront property on Cape Cod along Nantucket Sound in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts, United States.
 It was once the home of American businessman and political figure Joseph P. Kennedy Sr., his wife Rose, and two of their sons, President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy.
 Their youngest son, Senator Ted Kennedy, lived in his parents' house, and it was his main residence from 1982 to 2009.
 He died of brain cancer at the compound in August 2009.
Patricia Helen "Pat" Kennedy Lawford (May 6, 1924 – September 17, 2006) was an American socialite and the sixth of nine children of Rose and Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. She was a sister of President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and Senator Ted Kennedy.
 Pat wanted to be a film producer, a profession not readily open to young women in her time.
 She married English actor Peter Lawford in 1954, but they experienced a serious culture-clash and divorced in 1966.
Kara Anne Kennedy Allen (February 27, 1960 – September 16, 2011) was a member of the American political dynasty, the Kennedy family.
 She was the oldest of the three children of U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy from Massachusetts and Joan Bennett Kennedy, and a niece of President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy.
Patrick Kennedy (February 16, 1823 – November 22, 1858) was an Irish farmer, businessman, and politician who moved to East Boston, Massachusetts from County Wexford, Ireland.
 He was born in New Ross, Ireland.
 He was the father of businessman/politician P. J. Kennedy, paternal grandfather of businessman/politician Joseph P. Kennedy Sr., and patrilineal great-grandfather of World War II casualty Joseph P. Kennedy Jr., President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and longtime Senator Ted Kennedy.
Michael Corbett "Mickey" Shea is a fictional character who features prominently in the novel, "The Godfather Returns".
 He is loosely based on former Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy, the father of President John F. Kennedy, Attorney General and US Senator Robert F. Kennedy and US Senator Ted Kennedy.
Jean Ann Kennedy Smith (born February 20, 1928) is an American diplomat who served as United States Ambassador to Ireland from 1993 to 1998.
 She is the eighth of nine children born to Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. and Rose Fitzgerald, and is their longest-lived and last surviving child.
 Her siblings include President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, longtime Senator Ted Kennedy, and Special Olympics founder Eunice Kennedy Shriver.
Countess Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald Kennedy (July 21, 1890 – January 22, 1995) was an American philanthropist, centenarian and socialite.
 She was deeply embedded in the "lace curtain" Irish Catholic community in Boston, where her father was mayor.
 She was the wife of businessman and investor Joseph P. Kennedy Sr., who was United States Ambassador to the Court of St James's.
 Their nine children included President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and longtime Senator Ted Kennedy.
 She was the sixth American woman to be granted the title of "Countess" by the Vatican.
Doyle's Cafe is a bar / restaurant located on Washington Street in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
 Doyle's Cafe was established in 1882 and is located near the Samuel Adams Brewery.
 Its close proximity to the Samuel Adams Brewery affords Doyle's the unique opportunity to serve new or experimental Samuel Adams beers.
 It is also where Samuel Adams Boston Lager was first put on tap.
 Throughout its history, Doyle's has been known as a favorite watering hole for both local and national politicians.
 On St. Patrick's Day in 1988, Senator Ted Kennedy helped dedicate a new room at the location to his maternal grandfather, John F. Fitzgerald.
