In algebraic geometry, the "h" topology is a Grothendieck topology introduced by Vladimir Voevodsky to study the homology of schemes.
 It has several variants, such as the "qfh" and "cdh" topologies.
In probability theory, the Doob–Dynkin lemma, named after Joseph L. Doob and Eugene Dynkin, characterizes the situation when one random variable is a function of another by the inclusion of the formula_1-algebras generated by the random variables.
 The usual statement of the lemma is formulated in terms of one random variable being measurable with respect to the formula_1-algebra generated by the other.
The Independent University of Moscow (IUM) (Russian: Независимый Московский Университет (НМУ) ) is a small educational organisation with rather informal status located in Moscow, Russia.
 It was founded in 1991 by a group of prominent Russian mathematicians that included Vladimir Arnold (chairman) and Sergei Novikov.
 The IUM consists of the departments of mathematics and theoretical physics and the post-graduate school.
 Anyone can attend lectures and seminars and become a student after passing three exams.
 The IUM is the only non-state college for the preparation of professional mathematicians in Russia .
 An IUM diploma is recognized by such authoritative mathematical institutions as the Steklov Institute of Mathematics, Harvard University and the Weizmann Institute.
In mathematics — specifically, in stochastic analysis — Dynkin's formula is a theorem giving the expected value of any suitably smooth statistic of an Itō diffusion at a stopping time.
 It may be seen as a stochastic generalization of the (second) fundamental theorem of calculus.
 It is named after the Russian mathematician Eugene Dynkin.
A Dynkin system, named after Eugene Dynkin, is a collection of subsets of another universal set formula_1 satisfying a set of axioms weaker than those of σ-algebra.
 Dynkin systems are sometimes referred to as λ-systems (Dynkin himself used this term) or d-system.
 These set families have applications in measure theory and probability.
Fabien Morel is a French algebraic geometer and key developer of A¹ homotopy theory with Vladimir Voevodsky.
 Among his accomplishments is the proof of the Friedlander conjecture, and the proof of the complex case of the Milnor conjecture stated in Milnor's 1983 paper 'On the homology of Lie groups made discrete'.
 This result was presented at the Second Abel Conference, held in January–February 2012.
In the mathematical field of Lie theory, a Dynkin diagram, named for Eugene Dynkin, is a type of graph with some edges doubled or tripled (drawn as a double or triple line).
 The multiple edges are, within certain constraints, directed.
In mathematics, the norm residue isomorphism theorem is a long-sought result relating Milnor "K"-theory and Galois cohomology.
 The result has a relatively elementary formulation and at the same time represents the key juncture in the proofs of many seemingly unrelated theorems from abstract algebra, theory of quadratic forms, algebraic K-theory and the theory of motives.
 The theorem asserts that a certain statement holds true for any prime formula_1 and any natural number formula_2.
 John Milnor speculated that this theorem might be true for formula_3 and all formula_2, and this question became known as Milnor's conjecture.
 The general case was conjectured by Spencer Bloch and Kazuya Kato and became known as the Bloch–Kato conjecture or the motivic Bloch–Kato conjecture to distinguish it from the Bloch–Kato conjecture on values of "L"-functions.
 The norm residue isomorphism theorem was proved by Vladimir Voevodsky using a number of highly innovative results of Markus Rost.
Eugene Borisovich Dynkin (Russian: Евге́ний Бори́сович Ды́нкин ; 11 May 1924 – 14 November 2014) was a Soviet and American mathematician.
 He has made contributions to the fields of probability and algebra, especially semisimple Lie groups, Lie algebras, and Markov processes.
 The Dynkin diagram, the Dynkin system, and Dynkin's lemma are named after him.
In algebraic geometry and algebraic topology, a branch of mathematics, A homotopy theory is a way to apply the techniques of algebraic topology, specifically homotopy, to algebraic varieties and, more generally, to schemes.
 The theory is due to Fabien Morel and Vladimir Voevodsky.
 The underlying idea is that it should be possible to develop a purely algebraic approach to homotopy theory by replacing the unit interval [0, 1] , which is not an algebraic variety, with the affine line A , which is.
 The theory requires a substantial amount of technique to set up, but has spectacular applications such as Voevodsky's construction of the derived category of mixed motives and the proof of the Milnor and Bloch-Kato conjectures.
