The Tandragee killings took place in the early hours of Saturday 19 February 2000 on an isolated country road outside Tandragee, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
 Two young Protestant men, Andrew Robb and David McIlwaine, were beaten and repeatedly stabbed to death in what was part of a Loyalist feud between the loyalist Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) and their rivals, the breakaway Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF).
 The men were not members of any loyalist paramilitary organisation.
 It later emerged in court hearings that Robb had made disparaging remarks about the killing of UVF Mid-Ulster Brigade leader Richard Jameson by an LVF gunman the previous month.
 This had angered the killers, themselves members of the Mid-Ulster UVF, and in retaliation they had lured the two men to the remote lane on the outskirts of town, where they killed and mutilated them.
The Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF) is a small Ulster loyalist paramilitary group in Northern Ireland.
 It was formed by Billy Wright in 1996 when he and his unit split from the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) after breaking its ceasefire.
 They had belonged to the UVF's Mid-Ulster Brigade and Wright had been the brigade's commander.
 In a two-year period from August 1996, the LVF waged a paramilitary campaign with the stated goal of combatting Irish republicanism.
 During this time it killed at least 14 people in gun and bomb attacks.
 Almost all of its victims were Catholic civilians who were killed at random.
 The LVF called off its campaign in August 1998 and decommissioned some of its weapons, but in the early 2000s a loyalist feud led to a number of killings.
 Since then, the LVF has been largely inactive, but its members are believed to have been involved in rioting and organized crime.
 In 2015, the security forces stated that the LVF "exists only as a criminal group" in Mid-Ulster and Antrim.
A loyalist feud refers to any of the sporadic feuds which have erupted almost routinely between Northern Ireland's various loyalist paramilitary groups during and after the ethno-political conflict known as the Troubles broke out in the late 1960s.
 The feuds have frequently involved problems between and within the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) and the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) as well as, later, the Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF).
During the Troubles in Northern Ireland, a total of 14 people were killed in Troubles-related violence in or near the village of Maghera, County Londonderry.
 Of the 13 from Northern Ireland, 11 were Protestant and two were Catholic.
 Seven of the Protestant victims were members of the security forces (six Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR), two Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), one British Army) and another was the ten-year-old daughter of a UDR man, killed along with her father by a bomb planted in his car.
 Another victim was shot after being mistaken for his co-worker, an UDR member.
 Only three of the security force victims were killed while on-duty.
 Both the RUC men were killed by the Irish National Liberation Army; all the other Protestant victims were killed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army.
 Both the Catholic victims were killed by loyalist paramilitaries, one by the Ulster Volunteer Force and one by the Loyalist Volunteer Force.
 One was a Sinn Féin councillor.
Jackie Mahood (born c. 1954) is a Northern Irish former loyalist activist with both the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) and Progressive Unionist Party (PUP).
 He later split from these groups and became associated with the breakaway Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF), founded in 1996 by Billy Wright.
Richard Jameson (c. 1953 – 10 January 2000), was a Northern Irish businessman and loyalist, who served as the leader of the paramilitary Ulster Volunteer Force's (UVF) Mid-Ulster Brigade.
 He was killed outside his Portadown home during a feud with the rival Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF), the breakaway organisation founded by former Mid-Ulster UVF commander Billy Wright after he and the Portadown unit of the Mid-Ulster Brigade were officially stood down by the Brigade Staff (Belfast leadership) in August 1996.
Mark "Swinger" Fulton (c. 1961 – 10 June 2002) was a Northern Irish loyalist.
 He was the leader of the Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF), having taken over its command following the assassination of Billy Wright in the Maze Prison in 1997 by members of the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA).
Robin Andrew "Billy" King, (born 7 July 1966) is a Northern Irish loyalist paramilitary leader who, despite having been born into a Catholic family, served as the commander of the Ulster Protestant Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF).
 A close friend of the organisation's founder Billy Wright, King took over as leader following the death of Mark "Swinger" Fulton, who had succeeded Wright when he was assassinated by the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) in December 1997.
William James "Jim" Fulton (born 25 November 1968) is a Northern Irish loyalist.
 He was a volunteer in the Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF), the paramilitary organisation founded in 1996 by Billy Wright and later commanded by his brother Mark "Swinger" Fulton until the latter's death in 2002.
Clifford Peeples (sometimes spelled Clifford Peoples) (born c.1970) is a self-styled pastor in Northern Ireland who has been associated with Ulster loyalist activity.
 Peeples has been a member of the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF), the Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF) prisoners' spokesman and leader of the Orange Volunteers.
