The Cowsills are an American singing group from Newport, Rhode Island.
 They specialized in harmonies and the ability to sing and play music at an early age.
 The band was formed in the spring of 1965 by brothers Bill, Bob, and Barry Cowsill; they shortly thereafter added their brother John.
 Originally Bill and Bob played guitar and Barry was on drums.
 When John learned how to play drums and joined the band, Barry went to bass.
 After their initial success, the brothers were joined by their siblings Susan and Paul and their mother Barbara.
 Bob's twin brother Richard was never the road manager, although this misinformation appears in several places on the internet.
 The band's road manager was Richard 'Biggie' Korn.
 When the group expanded to its full family membership by 1967, the six siblings ranged in age from 8 to 19.
 Joined by their mother, Barbara Cowsill (née Russell), the group was the inspiration for the 1970s television show "The Partridge Family".
The Tall Brothers were four brothers among the Egyptian monks of Nitria in the fifth century by the names of Ammonius, Dioscorus, Eusebius, and Euthymius.
 They were referred to as the "Tall Brothers" because they were tall in stature and demanding in appearance.
"Tip of My Tongue" is a song written by Lynsey de Paul and Barry Blue (originally registered as "On the Tip of My Tongue").
 It was first released as the fifth single by Brotherly Love (a Liverpool-based group composed of three brothers, Mike, Ronnie and Lee Carroll) on CBS Records in 1973 and was produced by Phil Wainman.
 It received positive reviews from the British music press and stalled just outside the Top 50 of the UK Singles Chart that year.
 Barry Blue was credited as "Barry Green" on this release.
 The female soul trio Ellie (aka the Hope Sisters - Ellie, Christine and Kathy) released their version of "Tip of My Tongue" as a single on the Fresh Air record label in the UK and on London Records in North America in 1974, and they performed the song on the German TV music program, "Hits a Go Go", on 22 October 1974.
 Ellie Hope went on to form Liquid Gold.
 The song's co-writer, Barry Blue, released his version as an album track in 1974.
Barry David Elliott (born 24 December 1944) and Paul Harman Elliott (born 18 October 1947) are English children's entertainers, better known as Barry Chuckle and Paul Chuckle as the double-act the Chuckle Brothers.
 They are known for their work on their BBC show "ChuckleVision", which celebrated its 21st series in 2010 with a stage tour titled "An Audience with the Chuckle Brothers."
 The comedy of the Chuckle Brothers usually derives from slapstick and other visual gags, and their catchphrases include "To me, to you" and "Oh dear, oh dear".
Drew Scott (born Andrew Alfred Scott; April 28, 1978) is a Canadian actor, realtor, and entrepreneur best known as the co-host (along with his identical twin brother Jonathan), on the TV series "Property Brothers".
 The home renovation program, which is produced by Cineflix Media, features Drew as the realtor and Jonathan as the contractor.
 The success of the show has led to several spinoffs, including "Buying and Selling", "Brother vs. Brother", and "Property Brothers: at Home".
 Scott (along with his two brothers) is also a co-founder of Scott Brothers Entertainment, which creates and produces TV shows, films, and digital content.
 Additionally, the twins have launched the lifestyle brand Scott Living and its subsidiary, Dream Homes.
Brendan Gerrard Drew (born 16 December 1983, Lismore, New South Wales) is an Australian cricketer, who played domestic cricket for the Tasmanian Tigers.
 When not on Tasmanian duty, Drew played Tasmanian club cricket for the Lindisfarne Cricket Club.
 A tall bowler who generates a lot of pace and bounce, Drew arrived in Tasmania mid-season in 2005 to fill in for a bowling attack struck by injury.
 He had a solid 2006 season, taking 20 Pura Cup wickets at 31.60 in six matches, and was 12th man in the Tasmania's historic first ever Pura Cup win in 2006/07.
 Drew later moved to Victoria and played premier cricket for Camberwell, and won the Jack Ryder Medal as Premier Cricket's best player in 2016/17.
The 1962-63 Australians drew 1-1 with the touring England team in the 1962-63 Ashes series.
 Australia had beaten England 4-0 in 1958-59 and 2-1 in 1961 and it was thought unlikely that the tourists would beat Australia on their home ground.
 Richie Benaud was a keen advocate of "go ahead" cricket and his attacking tactics and brilliant captaincy had won Australia five series in a row with what were seen as average teams.
 Ironically, now he had a better team he drew his first series and his negative play in the last two Tests tarnished his reputation, though he did retain the Ashes.
 This was the last Test series of Neil Harvey, Alan Davidson and Ken Mackay and Benaud himself played for only one more season.
 There was a feeling that this was an end of an era and commentators wondered where the new batsmen and bowlers would come from.
 Fears about the Australian batting proved short-lived as Bobby Simpson and Bill Lawry formed one of Australia's great opening partnerships and were supported by Peter Burge, Brian Booth, Norm O'Neill and Barry Shepherd.
 But they would soon be short of a decent bowling attack, which would rest on the broad shoulders of the 21-year-old fast-bowler Graham McKenzie until the emergence of Dennis Lillee, Jeff Thomson and Max Walker in the 1970s.
Drew William Barry (born February 17, 1973) is an American retired professional basketball player.
 He is the son of Basketball Hall of Famer Rick Barry and has three brothers: Scooter, Jon and Brent, who also share his profession.
 His grandfather Bruce Hale also played in the NBA and was Rick's college coach at Miami of Florida.
 His stepmother is Lynn Barry.
Property Brothers is a Canadian reality television series produced by Cineflix, and is the original show in the "Property Brothers" franchise.
 It airs on W Network in Canada and HGTV in the United States.
 The series features identical twin brothers Jonathan and Drew Scott.
 Drew is a real estate expert who scouts neglected houses and negotiates their purchases.
 His brother, Jonathan, is a licensed contractor who renovates houses.
 Together, the Property Brothers help families find, buy, and transform fixer-uppers into dream homes on a strict timeline and budget.
Homer Walter Drew, Jr. (born September 29, 1944) is an American athletic administrator and former college basketball coach who is associate athletic director at Valparaiso University.
 Drew was the head coach of the Valparaiso Crusaders men's basketball team from 1988 to 2002 and 2003 to 2011.
 His younger son, Bryce Drew, succeeded him as the head coach in May 2011.
 His elder son Scott Drew is the head coach of Baylor University's men's basketball team after having served nine years assisting under Homer and one year as head coach of Valparaiso.
 Homer Drew is best known for leading Valparaiso's improbable run in the 1998 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
