The phrase die hard was first used during the Battle of Albuera (1811) in the Peninsular War.
 During the battle, Lieutenant-Colonel William Inglis of the 57th (West Middlesex) Regiment of Foot was wounded by canister shot.
 Despite his injuries, Inglis refused to retire from the battle but remained with the regimental colours, encouraging his men with the words "Die hard 57th, die hard!"
 as they came under intense pressure from a French attack.
 The 'Die Hards' subsequently became the West Middlesex’s regimental nickname.
On the afternoon of September 15, 2017, protests and violent clashes erupted in St. Louis, Missouri, following the acquittal of former St. Louis police officer Jason Stockley in the Shooting of Anthony Lamar Smith, an African American man previously convicted of gun charges and drug distribution.
 Over 160 people have been arrested during the first three days of demonstrations, with largely peaceful protests ongoing.
 There has been significant criticism around the police and governmental response to protests, resulting in lawsuits from the ACLU.
Die Hard with a Vengeance is a 1995 American action film and the third in the "Die Hard" film series.
 It was co-produced and directed by John McTiernan (who directed "Die Hard"), written by Jonathan Hensleigh, and stars Bruce Willis as New York City Police Department Lieutenant John McClane, Samuel L. Jackson as McClane's reluctant partner Zeus Carver, and Jeremy Irons as Simon Gruber.
 It was released on May 19, 1995, five years after "Die Hard 2", becoming the highest-grossing film at the worldwide box-office that year, but received mixed reviews.
 It was followed by "Live Free or Die Hard" and "A Good Day to Die Hard" in 2007 and 2013, respectively.
The 83rd Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government, consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives.
 Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January.
 This date was January 6, 1885, which was two weeks before the beginning of the third administrative year of Governor Charles C. Stockley.
The 82nd Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government, consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives.
 Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January.
 This date was January 2, 1883, which was two weeks before the beginning of the first administrative year of Governor Charles C. Stockley.
Christopher Francis "Chris" Tate is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, "Emmerdale", played by Peter Amory.
 The character made his first appearance on 14 November 1989, when he arrived in the village alongside the rest of the Tate family - his father Frank, stepmother Kim and younger sister, Zoe.
 Initially, Chris was a good man who ran his business fairly, but was left permanently resentful of his life when he was maimed in a plane crash in 1993, which left him paralyzed from the waist down.
 The character then became much more jaded and bitter, often using his intelligence and assets to exact revenge on those he perceived to have hurt him.
 The resulting disabilities he was left with made him realize that his wife Kathy only remained with him to fulfill the role of his carer, leading to their divorce.
 He went on to marry Rachel Hughes in 1995, but his growing lust for money and indifference for everyone else's feelings lead to marital breakdown and divorce.
 Chris then married former prostitute Charity Dingle in 2001, despite a 12-year age gap and the disapproval of Zoe, but Charity's selfishness and cheating behaviour ultimately lead to the deterioration of their relationship.
 Chris soon learned he had an inoperable brain tumour, and rather than wait to die, decided to take revenge on Charity.
 After ensuring Charity would be left with nothing, he made his final appearance on 18 September 2003, when he committed suicide so as to frame her for his murder.
 Although Charity claimed she was sorry, Chris's last words consisted of a tirade of insults towards her, before the poison he had taken killed him.
The Dingoes is an Australian country rock band initially active from 1973 to 1979, formed in Melbourne which relocated to the United States from 1976.
 Most stable line-up was John Bois on bass guitar, John Lee on drums, Broderick Smith on vocals and harmonica, Chris Stockley on guitar, and Kerryn Tolhurst on guitar.
 Mal Logan (who provided keyboards the first LP) on keyboards joined after Stockley was hospitalised when shot in the stomach by Melbourne drug-dealer, Dennis Allen, who was attempting to gate crash a party.
 The Dingoes' debut single, "Way Out West", was released in November 1973, and peaked in the top 40 of the Australian Kent Music Report singles chart.
 Subsequent singles were "Boy on the Run", "Smooth Sailing", and "Into the Night", which did not reach the top 50.
 They had three top 40 albums, "The Dingoes" in 1974, "Fives Times the Sun" in 1977, and "Orphans of the Storm" in 1979.
Ponjola is a 1923 American silent drama film based on the novel of the same name by Cynthia Stockley and directed by Donald Crisp.
 The film stars Anna Q. Nilsson in a role in which she masquerades as a man.
 A print of "Ponjola" still exists and is held by a private collector.
Anthony Lamar Smith was a 24-year-old African American man from St. Louis, Missouri, who was shot and killed by then St. Louis Police officer Jason Stockley following a car chase on December 20, 2011.
 On September 15, 2017, Stockley was found not guilty of first-degree murder, and protests erupted in St. Louis.
Cam-Pact was an Australian soul and psychedelic pop band which formed in April 1967.
 Originally they performed as The Camp Act but soon changed to Cam-Pact (or CamPact).
 Although little known outside Melbourne at the time, the various lineups of the group featured a number of young Melbourne musicians who went on to become significant figures on the Australian music scene, including Ray Arnott, Keith Glass, Chris Löfvén, Russell Smith, Robert Lloyd, and Chris Stockley.
 Cam-Pact issued five singles and three extended plays on Festival Records before disbanding in March 1970.
