McBride & the Ride was an American country music band initially composed of Terry McBride (lead vocals, bass guitar), Ray Herndon (background vocals, guitar), and Billy Thomas (background vocals, drums, percussion).
 The group was founded in 1989 through the assistance of record producer Tony Brown.
 McBride & the Ride's first three albums — "Burnin' Up the Road", the gold-certified "Sacred Ground", and "Hurry Sundown", released in 1991, 1992, and 1993, respectively — were all issued on MCA Nashville.
 These albums also produced several hits on the "Billboard" country charts, including the Top 5 hits "Sacred Ground" (their highest-peaking, at number 2), "Going Out of My Mind", "Just One Night", and "Love on the Loose, Heart on the Run".
The Sarasbaug temple houses the idol of Shree Siddhivinayak ("God who makes wishes true").
 A sacred ground of faith for millions of devotees in Pune and around the world, on an average the Sarasbaug temple receives ten thousand visitors a day and this figure goes up to eighty thousand devotees per day on "Ganesha Chaturthi" and other special occasions.
 Various dignitaries and luminaries throughout India have made it a point to visit this sacred temple to seek the blessings of Shri Siddivinayak.
Im Dong-Hyun (Korean: 임동현 ; ] ; born 12 May 1986) is a South Korean archer.
 He competes for the South Korean national team and is a former world number one.
 He has 20/200 vision in his left eye and 20/100 vision in his right eye, meaning he needs to be 10 times closer to see objects clearly with his left eye, compared to someone with perfect vision.
An active shutter 3D system (a.k.a. alternate frame sequencing, alternate image, AI, alternating field, field sequential or eclipse method) is a technique of displaying stereoscopic 3D images.
 It works by only presenting the image intended for the left eye while blocking the right eye's view, then presenting the right-eye image while blocking the left eye, and repeating this so rapidly that the interruptions do not interfere with the perceived fusion of the two images into a single 3D image.
Sacred Ground is the second album released by American country music band McBride & the Ride.
 It produced three singles for the trio, all of which were Top Five hits on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts: "Just One Night", "Going out of My Mind", and "Sacred Ground", which was originally recorded by Kix Brooks (of Brooks & Dunn) on his self-titled debut album.
 Also included on this album is a cover of "All I Have to Offer You Is Me", originally recorded by Charley Pride.
 The album has also been certified gold by the RIAA.
 "I'm the One" was later covered by Ricky Van Shelton on his 2000 album "Fried Green Tomatoes", which also includes his cover of "All I Have to Offer You Is Me."
 "Baby,I'm Loving You Now" features lead vocals by guitarist Ray Herndon.
A Tjurunga or as it is sometimes spelled, Churinga, is an object considered to be of religious significance by Central Australian indigenous people of the Arrernte (Aranda, Arunta) groups.
 Tjurunga often had a wide and indeterminate native significance.
 They may be used variously in sacred ceremonies, as bullroarers, in sacred ground paintings, in ceremonial poles, in ceremonial headgear, in sacred chants and in sacred earth mounds.
William Scott Elam, known as Jack Elam (November 13, 1920 – October 20, 2003), was an American film and television actor best known for his numerous roles as villains in Western films and, later in his career, comedies (sometimes spoofing his villainous image).
 His most distinguishing physical quality was his lazy left eye.
 Before his career in acting, he took several jobs in finance and served two years in the United States Navy during World War II.
The Maddox Wing is an instrument utilized by ophthalmologists, orthoptists and optometrists in the measurement of strabismus (misalignment of the eyes; commonly referred to as a "squint" or "lazy eye" by the lay person).
 It is a quantitative and subjective method of measuring the size of a strabismic deviation by dissociation of the eyes brought about by two septa which are placed in such a way as to present fields to either eye separated by a diaphragm at the centre.
 The right eye sees a red and white arrow, each of which point to a scale with numbers seen by the left eye; the red arrow points to the vertical red scale and the white arrow points to the horizontal white scale.
 A third arrow located to the right and below the horizontal white scale is used to measure torsion
Christopher (Toby) McLeod is the project director of Earth Island Institute's Sacred Land Film Project, which he founded in 1984 as one of Earth Island's original projects.
 Since 2006 he has been producing and directing the four-part documentary film series "Standing on Sacred Ground", which premiered in 2013 at the Mill Valley Film Festival and aired nationally on PBS in 2015.
 "Standing on Sacred Ground" features eight indigenous communities around the world fighting to protect their sacred places.
 The award-winning series visits Altaians in Russia, the Winnemem Wintu in northern California, Papua New Guinea, the tar sands of Canada, the Gamo Highlands of Ethiopia, Peru, Australia and Hawaii.
 McLeod produced and directed the award-winning documentary "In the Light of Reverence" (2001) and has made three other award-winning documentary films: "The Four Corners: A National Sacrifice Area?"
 (1983) with Glenn Switkes and Randy Hayes, (Winner of the Student Academy Award).
 "Downwind/Downstream" (1988) with Robert Lewis, and "NOVA: Poison in the Rockies" (1990).
 His first film was the 9-minute short "The Cracking of Glen Canyon Damn—with Edward Abbey and Earth First!"
 (1982) with Glenn Switkes and Randy Hayes.
 The focus of these educational projects has been to increase public awareness and understanding of sacred natural sites, indigenous peoples' cultural practices and worldviews, and environmental justice.
Heterophoria is an eye condition in which the directions that the eyes are pointing at rest position, when "not" performing binocular fusion, are not the same as each other, or, "not straight".
 There can be esophoria, where the eyes tend to cross inward in the absence of fusion; exophoria, in which they diverge; or hyperphoria, in which one eye points up or down relative to the other.
 Phorias are known as 'latent squint' because the tendency of the eyes to deviate is kept latent by fusion.
 A person with two normal eyes has single vision (usually) because of the combined use of the sensory and motor systems.
 The motor system acts to point both eyes at the target of interest; any offset is detected visually (and the motor system corrects it).
 Heterophoria only occurs during dissociation of the left eye and right eye, when fusion of the eyes is absent.
 If you cover one eye (e.g. with your hand) you remove the sensory information about the eye's position in the orbit.
 Without this, there is no stimulus to binocular fusion, and the eye will move to a position of "rest".
 The difference between this position, and where it would be were the eye uncovered, is the heterophoria.
 The opposite of heterophoria, where the eyes are straight when relaxed and not fusing, is called orthophoria.
