Lady and the Tramp is a 1955 American animated romantic musical comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney and released to theaters on June 22, 1955 by Buena Vista Distribution.
 The 15th Disney animated feature film, it was the first animated feature filmed in the CinemaScope widescreen film process.
 Based on "Happy Dan, The Whistling Dog" by Ward Greene, "Lady and the Tramp" tells the story of a female American Cocker Spaniel named Lady who lives with a refined, upper-middle-class family, and a male stray mongrel called the Tramp.
 When the two dogs meet, they embark on many romantic adventures.
 A direct-to-video sequel, "", was released in 2001.
Encores!
 is a Tony-honored concert series dedicated to performing rarely heard American musicals, usually with their original orchestrations.
 Presented by New York City Center since 1994, "Encores!"
 has revived shows by Irving Berlin, Rodgers & Hart, George and Ira Gershwin, Cole Porter, Leonard Bernstein, and Stephen Sondheim, among many others.
 The series has spawned eighteen cast recordings and numerous Broadway transfers, including Kander and Ebb's "Chicago", which is now the second longest-running musical in Broadway history.
 Videotapes of many "Encores!"
 productions are collected at the Billy Rose Theater Collection of the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts.
 Since 2000, the series has been led by artistic director Jack Viertel.
The Sword in the Stone is a 1963 American animated musical fantasy comedy film produced by Walt Disney and released by Buena Vista Distribution.
 The 18th Disney animated feature film, it was the final Disney animated film to be released before Walt Disney's death.
 The songs in the film were written and composed by the Sherman Brothers, who later wrote music for other Disney films like "Mary Poppins" (1964), "The Jungle Book" (1967), "The Aristocats" (1970), and "Bedknobs and Broomsticks" (1971).
Hercules is a 1997 American animated musical fantasy comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation for Walt Disney Pictures.
 The 35th Disney animated feature film, the film was directed by Ron Clements and John Musker.
 The film is loosely based on the legendary hero Heracles (known in the film by his Roman name, Hercules), the son of Zeus, in Greek mythology.
 The film also featured the first positive portrayal of African American women in a Disney animated film.
Dinosaur is a 2000 American CGI animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and The Secret Lab and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the 39th Disney animated feature film and Disney's The Secret Lab computer animated feature, though it is not officially labeled as one of the animated classics in the United Kingdom, where "The Wild" (2006) is included in the canon instead.
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 American live-action animated musical fantasy comedy package film produced by Walt Disney and released on September 27, 1947 by RKO Radio Pictures.
 It is the 9th Disney animated feature film and the fourth of the package films the studio produced in the 1940s in order to save money during World War II.
 The Disney package films of the late 1940s helped finance "Cinderella", and subsequent others, such as "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan".
Beauty and the Beast is a 1991 American animated musical romantic fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 The 30th Disney animated feature film and the third released during the Disney Renaissance period, it is based on the French fairy tale of the same name by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont (who was also credited in the English version as well as in the French version), and ideas from the 1946 French film of the same name directed by Jean Cocteau.
 "Beauty and the Beast" focuses on the relationship between the Beast (voice of Robby Benson), a prince who is magically transformed into a monster and his servants into household objects as punishment for his arrogance, and Belle (voice of Paige O'Hara), a young woman whom he imprisons in his castle.
 To become a prince again, Beast must learn to love Belle and earn her love in return to avoid remaining a monster forever.
 The film also features the voices of Richard White, Jerry Orbach, David Ogden Stiers, and Angela Lansbury.
Beauty and the Beast is a Disney media franchise comprising a film series and additional merchandise.
 The success of the original 1991 American animated feature, "Beauty and the Beast", directed by Gary Trousdale and Kirk Wise, led to three direct-to-video follow-up films, a live-action spin-off television series, a Disney World stage show, a Disney World restaurant, several video games, merchandise, and the 9th longest-running musical in Broadway history, which was nominated for nine Tony Awards, winning for Best Costume Design.
 In March 2017, Disney released a live-action remake of the film.
The Voice of the Turtle is a comedic Broadway play by John William Van Druten dealing with the challenges of the single life in New York City during World War II.
 Controversial in its time, "The Voice of the Turtle" explores the sexual struggles of Sally Middleton, a young woman attempting to reconcile her childhood teachings on the importance of chastity with her newfound affection for Bill Page.
 The play derives its name from a verse in the Song of Solomon in the Bible, which reads "The voice of the turtle [as in turtle dove] is heard in our land."
 (2:10–13) On December 8, 1943 the show opened at the Morosco Theatre and ran for 1,557 performances, making it the 51st longest-running show and the 9th longest-running play in Broadway history.
 In 1947 the stage play was adapted into a film of the same name starring Ronald Reagan, Eleanor Parker, Eve Arden, and Wayne Morris.
Peter Pan is a 1953 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney and based on the play "Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up" by J. M. Barrie.
 It is the 14th Disney animated feature film and was originally released on February 5, 1953, by RKO Radio Pictures.
 "Peter Pan" is the final Disney animated feature released through RKO before Walt Disney's founding of his own distribution company, Buena Vista Distribution, later in 1953 after the film was released.
 "Peter Pan" is also the final Disney film in which all nine members of Disney's Nine Old Men worked together as directing animators.
 It is also the second Disney animated film starring Kathryn Beaumont, Heather Angel, and Bill Thompson after their roles in the animated feature "Alice in Wonderland".
