Japan Airlines Domestic (日本航空ジャパン , Nihon Kōkū Japan ) (IATA: JD, ICAO: JLJ, Call sign: J-BIRD) was an airline based in Tokyo, Japan.
 It was part of Japan Airlines Corporation and operated an extensive domestic network in Japan.
 Its main hub was Tokyo International Airport.
Axess (アクセス国際ネットワーク) is a Computer reservations system based in Japan which provides its services in the Japanese market.
 It originated as the IT department of Japan Airlines called Jalinfotech.
 In 1991 it was established as an independent company it began to be marketed to travel agencies in Japan.
 In 1995 Axess partnered with Sabre Holdings in order to provide travel agencies in Japan with booking and ticketing capabilities for a wider range of international airlines.
The Flag Code of India is a set of laws, practices and conventions that apply to the display of the national flag.Flag Code of India, 2002, has been divided into three parts.
 Part I of the code contains a general description of the national flag.
 Part II of the code is devoted to the display of the national flag by members of public, private organizations, educational institutions, etc.
 Part III of the code relates to display of the national flag by Central and state governments and their organizations and agencies.
The Paskibraka (Indonesian: Pasukan Pengibar Bendera Pusaka or "National Flag Hoisting Troop") is a youth organization in Indonesia which has the main task for raising and lowering the heirloom national flag of Indonesia (now duplicate) in ceremonies commemorating the independence day of Indonesia (17 August).
 Its members come from grade 1 or 2 high school students selected from schools regionally.
 Its mission is to provide flag bearers and escorts for national flag ceremonies in the local and national levels in Indonesia as well as in some international functions at overseas Indonesian installations.
 It was founded by Major (rtd.)
 Husein Mutahar and is led by a national organization with its HQ in Jakarta called the "National Paskibraka Council" ("Purna Paskibraka Indonesia" abbreviated PPI).
JAL Express Co., Ltd. (JEX) (株式会社ジャル エクスプレス , Kabushiki-gaisha Jaru Ekusupuresu ) , was an airline with its headquarters at Tokyo International Airport and in Ota-ku, Tokyo, Japan, and its main hub at Tokyo International Airport.
 The airline also maintained offices in the Japan Airlines Building in Shinagawa, Tokyo.
 Its operations included scheduled and non-scheduled passenger services to eight regional destinations across Japan.
 In addition, the airline operated additional 15 destinations in Japan and two destinations in the People's Republic of China on behalf of Japan Airlines, under a wet-lease agreement.
The Act on National Flag and Anthem (国旗及び国歌に関する法律 , Kokki Oyobi Kokka ni Kansuru Hōritsu ) (abbreviated as 国旗国歌法 ) is a law that formally established Japan's national flag and anthem.
 Before its ratification on August 13, 1999, there was no official flag or anthem for Japan.
 The "nisshōki" (日章旗 ) flag, commonly referred to as the "hinomaru" (日の丸 ) , had represented Japan unofficially since 1870; "Kimigayo" (君が代 ) had been used as Japan's "de facto" anthem since 1880.
Nicaragua Airways is the potential future national flag carrier of Nicaragua.
 Its main base is Augusto C. Sandino International Airport, Managua.
 It is the first time in 20 years that Nicaragua will have a national flag carrier, after Aeronica ceased operations in 1991.
 Since then, the flag carrier status was awarded to Nicaragüense de Aviación also known as NICA Airlines.
 Several airlines had tried to become the Nicaraguan flag carrier like CAAL (Central American Airlines), SANSA (Servicios Aereos Nicaraguenses S.A.) but none of these survived a year.
 Today even NICA Airlines (6Y) is registered as the national airline of Nicaragua, the only international flight it operated once (Managua to Miami) and is done under the TACA code (TA) as a full TACA Airlines flight.
Turkish Airlines (Turkish: "Türk Hava Yolları") () is the national flag carrier airline of Turkey, headquartered at the Turkish Airlines General Management Building on the grounds of Atatürk Airport in Yeşilköy, Bakırköy, Istanbul.
 s of 2017 , it operates scheduled services to 302 destinations in Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Americas, making it the fourth-largest carrier in the world by number of destinations.
 It serves more destinations non-stop from a single airport than any other airline in Europe.
 Turkish Airlines flies to 120 countries, more than any other airline.
 With an operational fleet of fourteen cargo aircraft, the airline's cargo division serves 64 destinations.
 Istanbul Atatürk Airport is its main base, and there are secondary hubs at Esenboğa International Airport, Sabiha Gökçen International Airport, and Adnan Menderes Airport.
 Turkish Airlines has been a member of the Star Alliance network since 1 April 2008.
23 August is celebrated as the Day of the National Flag (Ukrainian: День Державного Прапора України "Day of the National Flag of Ukraine") in Ukraine; beginning with 2004.
 July 24 was previously marked as National Flag Day in Kiev.
 The first ceremonial raising of the yellow-and-blue Ukrainian flag in modern times took place on 24 July 1990 at the flagstaff of the Kiev City Council, two years before the flag was officially adopted as the National flag of the Ukrainian state (1992).
Japan Airlines Co., Ltd. (JAL) (日本航空株式会社 , Nihon Kōkū Kabushiki-gaisha , , OTC Pink: JAPSY) , is the flag carrier airline of Japan and the second largest in the country behind All Nippon Airways.
 It is headquartered in Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan; and its main hubs are Tokyo's Narita International Airport and Tokyo International Airport (Haneda Airport), as well as Osaka's Kansai International Airport and Osaka International Airport.
 JAL group companies include Japan Airlines, J-Air, JAL Express, Japan Air Commuter, Japan Transocean Air and Ryukyu Air Commuter for domestic feeder services; and JAL Cargo for cargo and mail services.
