Allison Moorer (born June 21, 1972) is an American alternative country singer and the younger sister of Shelby Lynne.
 She signed to MCA Nashville in 1998 and made her debut on the U.S. "Billboard" country charts with the release of her debut single "A Soft Place to Fall", which reached No. 73.
Deep South is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Josh Turner.
 It was released on March 10, 2017, through MCA Nashville.
 The album's lead single, "Lay Low", was released to radio on September 15, 2014, and reached number 20 on the Country Airplay chart.
 The second single, "Hometown Girl", was released to radio on May 31, 2016.
 The single peaked at No. 2 on "Billboard"' s Country Airplay Chart and No. 1 on Mediabase, making it Turner's fifth No. 1 single.
 The third single, "All About You" was released to radio on May 15, 2017.
 It is Turner's first release since 2012's "Punching Bag".
McAlyster was an American country music group founded in Pensacola, Florida.
 Its members comprised Cody Collins, Josh Walther, Leigh Usilton and Valerie Gills.
 They were signed to MCA Nashville Records in 2000.
 Their debut single, "I Know How the River Feels", was previously a No. 32 country single in 1999 for Diamond Rio, and was originally recorded by Ty Herndon on his 1996 album "Living in a Moment".
 McAlyster's demo rendition was released as a single, peaking at No. 69 on the country charts.
 In 2007, former member Cody Collins succeeded Richie McDonald as lead singer of the group Lonestar, while Walther began a solo career and forming the cover band Phase 5 which shared the stage with Paul McCartney at an event in 2015.
I Hope You Dance is the title of the third studio release by American country music singer Lee Ann Womack.
 It was released on May 23, 2000 as her first album for MCA Nashville.
 The title track was a crossover hit in 2000, becoming her only Number One country hit, while "Ashes by Now", "Why They Call It Falling", and "Does My Ring Burn Your Finger" all reached Top 40 on the country charts as well.
Honkytonkville is the twenty-second studio album by American country singer George Strait, released in 2003 by MCA Nashville.
 One of only a few albums of his career not to produce a Number One single, the album was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 It produced the singles "Tell Me Something Bad About Tulsa", "Cowboys Like Us" and "Desperately", at #11, #2 and #6 respectively on the country charts.
 "Honk If You Honky Tonk" also charted at #45 based on unsolicited airplay.
Troubadour is the twenty-fifth studio album by American country music singer George Strait.
 It was released on April 1, 2008 (see 2008 in country music) on MCA Nashville Records.
 The album comprises twelve tracks, including two duets.
 The lead-off single, "I Saw God Today", was the highest-debuting single of Strait's career, and his forty-third Number One on the "Billboard" country charts.
 The album has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
 At the 51st Grammy Awards, "Troubadour" earned the Grammy Award for Best Country Album, the first Grammy win of Strait's career.
 The album was intended to include the song "Everybody Wants to Go to Heaven", but after Strait decided not to include it on the album, it was later recorded by Kenny Chesney, and was released as the first single from his album "Lucky Old Sun".
Let Me In is the third studio album by American country artist Chely Wright.
 The album was released on September 9, 1997 on MCA Nashville Records and was produced by Tony Brown.
 "Let Me In" was Wright's first album to chart on the "Billboard Magazine" album charts and also spawned her first Top 40 singles.
 It was also the first of three albums Wright recorded for the MCA Nashville label.
No Rules is the title of the third studio album released by American country music artist Rebecca Lynn Howard.
 It is her first full studio album in six years, as she recorded two unreleased albums in the interim: one in 2003 for MCA Nashville, and another in 2005 for Arista Nashville.
 She also released a non-charting single in 2006 for Show Dog Nashville, a label owned by Toby Keith.
 This album produced a non-charting single in "Sing 'Cause I Love To", and the album itself reached #69 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
What Livin's All About is the third studio album by American country music artist Rhett Akins.
 It was released in 1998 on MCA Nashville.
 The album accounted for two singles: "More Than Everything" and "Better Than It Used to Be", which respectively reached #41 and #47 on the "Billboard" country singles charts.
 It was also his only release for MCA.
 The track "I'll Be Right Here Lovin' You" was later released as a single by Randy Travis from his 1999 album "A Man Ain't Made of Stone".
Joshua Otis Turner (born November 20, 1977) is an American country singer and actor.
 In 2003, he signed to MCA Nashville Records.
 That same year, his debut album's title track, "Long Black Train", was his breakthrough single release.
 His second album, "Your Man" (2006) accounted for his first two number-one hits: "Your Man" and "Would You Go with Me", while 2007's "Everything Is Fine" included a No. 2 in "Firecracker". "
Haywire", released in 2010, produced his biggest hit, the No. 1 on the country charts "Why Don't We Just Dance" and another number one in "All Over Me".
 It was followed by "Punching Bag" (2012), whose lead-off single "Time Is Love" was the biggest country hit of 2012 according to Billboard Year-End.
