Julio Sabater (18 December 1926 in Ponce, Puerto Rico– 5 February 2003 in New York City, New York) was a Puerto Rican hurdler who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
The National Museum of Puerto Rican Arts and Culture (formerly "Institute of Puerto Rican Arts and Culture") is a museum in Chicago dedicated to interpreting the arts and culture of the Puerto Rican people and of the Puerto Ricans in Chicago.
 Founded in 2001, it is housed in the historic landmark Humboldt Park stables and receptory, near the Paseo Boricua.
 It hosts visual arts exhibitions, community education, and festivals.
 Its exhibitions have featured the artwork of Osvaldo Budet, Elizam Escobar, Antonio Martorell, Ramon Frade Leon, and Lizette Cruz, in addition to local Chicago or Puerto Rican artists.
 The Institute also sponsors music events including an annual "Navi-Jazz" performance, described as a "fusion of Puerto Rican and African American musical elements."
Grace Claxton (born August 19, 1993) is a Puerto Rican hurdler and sprinter who competes for Albany Great Danes.
 She represented Puerto Rico at the 2016 World Indoor Championships.
Dr. Leopoldo Figueroa (September 21, 1887 – October 15, 1969) a.k.a. "The deacon of the Puerto Rican Legislature", was a Puerto Rican politician, journalist, medical doctor and lawyer.
 Figueroa, who began his political career as an advocate of Puerto Rican Independence, was the co-founder of the "Independence Association", one of three political organizations which merged to form the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party.
 Figueroa, had changed political ideals and in 1948, was a member of the "Partido Estadista Puertorriqueño" (Puerto Rican Statehood Party).
 That year, he was the only member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives who did not belong to the Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico PPD, who opposed the PPD's approval of the infamous Law 53, also known as "Puerto Rico's Gag Law" and "Ley de La Mordaza", which violated the civil rights of those who favored Puerto Rican Independence.
 On December 22, 2006, the Puerto Rican Legislature approved a law declaring every September 21, Leopoldo Figueroa Carreras Day.
Jamele Mason (born October 19, 1989) is a Puerto Rican hurdler.
 In 2012 he was the NCAA runner up in the 400 meter hurdles and ranked within the top 20 in the world.
 At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 meters hurdles.
 He attended Texas Tech University Lubbock, Texas where he graduated Magna Cum Laude with a degree in Corporate & Organizational Communications.
 Mason is the school record holder in the 400 meter hurdles being the only person in school history to run faster than 49 seconds.
 Mason's personal best is 48.89 which he ran at the 2012 NCAA championships.
 He was a member of the club Texas Tech Red Raiders.
The music of Puerto Rico has evolved as a heterogeneous and dynamic product of diverse cultural resources.
 The most conspicuous musical sources have been Spain and West Africa, although many aspects of Puerto Rican music reflect origins elsewhere in Europe and the Caribbean and, in the last century, the USA.
 Puerto Rican music culture today comprises a wide and rich variety of genres, ranging from essentially indigenous genres like bomba to recent hybrids like reggaeton.
 Broadly conceived, the realm of "Puerto Rican music" should naturally comprise the music culture of the millions of people of Puerto Rican descent who have lived in the USA, and especially in New York City.
 Their music, from salsa to the boleros of Rafael Hernández, cannot be separated from the music culture of Puerto Rico itself.
 Nevertheless, this entry will emphasize music culture as it has flourished on the island; readers should naturally consult other entries for genres like salsa (most commonly thought of).
The Puerto Rican Mob/The Puerto Rican Mafia, consists of 6 crime families, in the northeastern coast of Puerto Rico around the cities of San Juan, Puerto Rico, Carolina, Puerto Rico, Canóvanas and Loiza Pueblo.
 The family was founded by Quitoni Martinez, José "Coquito" López Rosario whom later split from the Family to form his own which became a family within the Puerto Rican mafia, Henry Vega, Iván Vega, and Luis Albertos Rodríguez.
 They had strong connections with The Cali Cartel and small connections with Los Pepes, Paulino Organization, Gulf Cartel and the Puerto Rican street gang Ñetas.
Puerto Rican citizenship was first legislated by the United States Congress in Article 7 of the Foraker Act of 1900 and later recognized in the Constitution of Puerto Rico.
 Puerto Rican citizenship existed before the U.S. takeover of the islands of Puerto Rico and continued afterwards.
 Its affirmative standing was also recognized before and after the creation of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico in 1952.
 Puerto Rican citizenship was recognized by the United States Congress in the early twentieth century and continues unchanged after the creation of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
 The United States government also continues to recognize a Puerto Rican nationality.
 Puerto Rican citizenship is also recognized by the Spanish Government, which recognizes Puerto Ricans as a people with Puerto Rican, and not "American" citizenship.
 It also grants Spanish citizenship to Puerto Ricans on the basis of their Puerto Rican, not American, citizenship.
The Puerto Rican Figure Skating Championships are the figure skating national championships held annually to crown the national champions of Puerto Rico.
 Skaters compete in the disciplines of men's singles and ladies singles across the levels of senior (Olympic-level), junior, novice, intermediate, and juvenile.
 Not every event has been held in every year due to a lack of entries.
 The National Championships are organized by the Puerto Rican Figure Skating Federation.
 The Puerto Rican Figure Skating Federation is not affiliated with the Puerto Rico Olympic Committee (In Spanish, Comite Olimpico de Puerto Rico), and therefore can not represent Puerto Rico internationally or compete in the Winter Olympic Games.
 Although the Puerto Rican Figure Skating Federation became a member of the International Skating Union, the Puerto Rico Olympic Committee has not recognized it, nor is listed in the Puerto Rico Olympic Committee website.
 The Puerto Rican Figure Skating Federation is essentially a club seeking recognition by the Puerto Rico Olympic Committee.
 Created and formed by the family of the first Puerto Rican figure skater Kristine Stone Cruz (who trained in the Ice House in Hackensack New Jersey).
 She held the title 2 years in a row.
 Kristine is now coaching as well as skating in Omaha, Nebraska at the Ralston Arena.
Antonio Vélez Alvarado a.k.a. "The Father of the Puerto Rican Flag" (June 12, 1864 – January 16, 1948) was a Puerto Rican journalist, politician and revolutionary who was an advocate of Puerto Rican independence.
 A close friend of Cuban patriot José Martí, Vélez Alvarado joined the Puerto Rican Revolutionary Committee in New York City and is among those who allegedly designed the Flag of Puerto Rico.
 Vélez Alvarado was one of the founding fathers of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party.
