Depeche Mode are an English electronic band that formed in Basildon, Essex in 1980.
 The group consists of founders Dave Gahan (lead vocals), Martin Gore (guitar, keyboards, vocals), and Andy Fletcher (keyboards, bass guitar).
 Depeche Mode released their debut album "Speak & Spell" in 1981, bringing the band onto the British new wave scene.
 Original band member Vince Clarke (keyboards, guitar), left the band after the release of the album, leaving the band as a trio to record "A Broken Frame", released the following year.
 Gore took over the lead songwriting duties and, later in 1982, Alan Wilder (keyboards, drums, bass guitar) officially joined the band to fill Clarke's spot, establishing a line up that would continue for the next 13 years.
 Depeche Mode have been a trio again since 1995, when Wilder left.
Das Shadow is a band created by Andrew Phillpott, who is known for co-writing with Christian Eigner and Dave Gahan from Depeche Mode.
 Das Shadow started as a production/remix project, remixing for Dave Gahan, Yazoo and Veto.
"Heaven" is a song by English electronic music band Depeche Mode, released as the lead single from their thirteenth studio album, "Delta Machine" (2013).
 Written by Martin L. Gore and produced by Ben Hillier, the song was world-premiered on KROQ's morning show "Kevin and Bean" on 30 January 2013.
 The single was released digitally in most territories on 31 January 2013, and physically on 1 February.
 In the United Kingdom, "Heaven" was released digitally on 17 March 2013 and physically the following day.
 The B-side "All That's Mine" was written by Dave Gahan and Kurt Uenala.
 An accompanying music video for "Heaven" was directed by Timothy Saccenti and premiered on VEVO on 1 February 2013.
"Should Be Higher" is a song by the English electronic band Depeche Mode from their thirteenth studio album, "Delta Machine".
 The song was written by Dave Gahan and Kurt Uenala.
 It was released as the album's third single on 11 October 2013 in Germany, and
The discography of English electronic music group Depeche Mode consists of fourteen studio albums, six live albums, ten compilation albums, eight box sets, thirteen video albums, fifty-three singles and seventy music videos.
 The band's music has been released on several labels, including Some Bizzare, Mute Records, Sire Records, Reprise Records, and Columbia Records.
 Formed in Basildon, Essex, England in 1980, the group's original line-up was Dave Gahan (lead vocals), Martin Gore (keyboards, guitar, vocals, chief songwriter after 1981), Andy Fletcher (keyboards) and Vince Clarke (keyboards, chief songwriter 1980–81).
 Vince Clarke left the band after the release of their 1981 debut album "Speak & Spell" and was replaced by Alan Wilder (production, keyboards, drums), who was a band member from 1982 to 1995.
 Following Wilder's departure, Gahan, Gore, and Fletcher continued as a trio.
Angels & Ghosts is the fifth full-length studio album from English electronica production duo Soulsavers, released worldwide by Columbia Records 23 October 2015.
 It is their second collaboration with Dave Gahan, the frontman of Depeche Mode, as guest vocalist and songwriter, this time released under the moniker Dave Gahan & Soulsavers.
Ultra is the ninth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode, released on 14 April 1997 by Mute Records.
 It is the band's first album since the departure of Alan Wilder, who had left the band in 1995 having become disillusioned with life in Depeche Mode.
 Wilder's departure and lead singer Dave Gahan's drug problems, which culminated in a near-fatal overdose, had caused many people to speculate that the band was finished.
 This is their first album as a trio since 1982's "A Broken Frame", along with it being their first album where the band themselves were not involved with production.
The discography of Dave Gahan, an English alternative music singer, consists of two studio albums, two live albums, one compilation album, six singles, and one video album.
 Gahan debuted in 1980 as lead singer of the electronic music band Depeche Mode (see Depeche Mode discography).
 The group achieved worldwide success, producing fourteen top ten singles in the United Kingdom and selling over 100 million records worldwide.
Tim Simenon (born 21 June 1967, Brixton, London) is an English musician, composer and record producer, known for his work as Bomb the Bass.
 Simenon has produced, remixed and collaborated with a range of artists including Dave Gahan and Martin Gore of Depeche Mode.
A Broken Frame is the second studio album by the English electronic band Depeche Mode, released on 27 September 1982 by Mute Records.
 The album was written entirely by Martin Gore and recorded after the departure of Vince Clarke, who had left the band to form Yazoo with singer Alison Moyet.
 Alan Wilder was part of a second tour in the United Kingdom occurring prior to the release of this album, but he had not officially joined the band yet, and thus, does not appear on the album.
