Randy Staub is a Canadian recording engineer.
 He has been nominated for the Juno Awards' "Recording Engineer of the Year" award nine times.
 He won in 2002 for the songs "How You Remind Me" and "Too Bad" by Nickelback.
 Staub also mixed Alice in Chains' fourth studio album, "Black Gives Way to Blue".
"Check My Brain" is a song by the American rock band Alice in Chains, featured on their fourth studio album "Black Gives Way to Blue" (2009).
 It was released as the second single from the album on August 17, 2009.
 The single topped the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks and "Billboard" Rock Songs charts in September 2009.
 This was the first time an Alice in Chains song would hit #1 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart since their 1994 single "No Excuses".
 "Check My Brain" received a nomination for "Best Hard Rock Performance" at the 52nd Grammy Awards.
 It was also their first #1 on the Alternative Songs chart.
William Bradley DuVall (born September 6, 1967) is an American musician, best known as being the current co-vocalist and a rhythm guitarist for the alternative metal band Alice in Chains replacing original vocalist Layne Staley, who died in 2002.
 DuVall joined Alice in Chains in 2006, and he appears on the 2009 album "Black Gives Way to Blue" as well as the 2013 follow-up "The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here".
The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains, released on May 28, 2013.
 It is the band's second reunion album.
 Following a worldwide tour in support of its previous album, "Black Gives Way to Blue" (2009), Alice in Chains began work on a new album.
 The making of "The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here" lasted for more than a year and the release of the album was delayed numerous times.
 The band entered the studio in July 2011 to start work on their fifth album.
 During the writing and recording sessions, guitarist Jerry Cantrell underwent shoulder surgery, which resulted in the delay of the album.
 The recording sessions of "The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here" were completed in December 2012.
Blackdiamondskye was a 2010 North American concert tour by American bands Alice in Chains, Mastodon, and Deftones.
 Blackdiamondskye is a portmanteau of the three band's most recent albums: Alice in Chains' "Black Gives Way to Blue", Deftones' "Diamond Eyes", and Mastodon's "Crack the Skye".
 The tour kicked off on September 16 in Chicago and culminated on October 16 in Paradise, Nevada.
 The tour lasted for 19 shows over the course of one month and featured shows at both outdoor amphitheatres and indoor venues.
"A Looking in View" is a song by American metal band Alice in Chains, featured on their fourth studio album "Black Gives Way to Blue" (2009).
 It was released as the lead single from the album on June 30, 2009, marking it as the band's first single since the previous decade.
 The song was the band's first release with vocalist William DuVall, who replaced the band's original vocalist, Layne Staley.
 Clocking in at a length of seven minutes and six seconds, it is the longest song Alice in Chains has released as a single.
Black Gives Way to Blue is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains, released in September 29, 2009.
 It is their first record without singer Layne Staley, who died in 2002.
 It instead features new vocalist and rhythm guitarist William DuVall.
 It is the first Alice in Chains album released on Virgin Records and their first venture away from Columbia, who handled all of their previous releases.
 The album debuted at No. 5 on the "Billboard" 200, and was certified gold by the RIAA on May 26, 2010, with shipments exceeding 500,000 copies and has sold 1 million copies worldwide.
 The singles ""Check My Brain"" and ""Your Decision"" reached No. 1 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks, while ""Lesson Learned"" reached No. 4. "
"Check My Brain"" was also the band's first #1 song on the Alternative Songs chart, and on the Hot Rock Songs chart, and it also reached No. 92 on Billboard's Hot 100, becoming the band's first single to appear on the chart.
American singer Mandy Moore has released six studio albums, three compilation albums, two video albums, twelve singles, and thirteen music videos.
 After being spotted singing at a recording studio by an artists and repertoire representative for Epic Records, Moore was signed to Sony Music.
 Her debut album, "So Real", was released in December 1999.
 The album performed moderately on the charts, peaking at number thirty-one on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 According to Nielsen SoundScan, "So Real" had sold about 950,000 copies in the United States, by June 2009.
 Her debut single, "Candy", peaked at number forty-one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and was certified Gold by the RIAA.
 It also reached the top forty in Canada, France, Ireland, and Switzerland and the top ten in Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.
 In Australia the song peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
 "So Real" was followed up with "I Wanna Be with You", in May 2000.
 It is a re-release of the debut album, with remixed tracks and few new songs, the album reached number twenty-one on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified Gold by the RIAA.
 It also went on to sell about 805,000 copies in the US by June 2009.
 The album spawned only one single, the title track, which peaked at number twenty-four on the Hot 100, becoming Moore's only top-thirty song in the US and her highest peak to date.
 The song also reached number thirteen in Australia and was certified Gold by the ARIA.
"Lesson Learned" is a song by the American rock band Alice in Chains, featured on their fourth studio album, "Black Gives Way to Blue" (2009).
 It was released as the fourth and final single from the album on June 22, 2010.
 The song reached No. 4 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks, and No. 10 on Hot Rock Songs.
"Your Decision" is a song by Alice in Chains, featured on their fourth studio album "Black Gives Way to Blue" (2009).
 It was released as the third single and fourth track from the album on November 16, 2009 in the UK, and was released in the US on December 1, 2009.
 The track features an acoustic rhythm and breaks from the dark, aggressive leanings of the previous songs in exchange for an emotional tone that, while muted and perhaps tinged with sad resignation, can also be interpreted as calmer and more at peace.
 The single reached number one on the "Billboard" Rock Songs and Mainstream Rock charts, and number four on the Alternative Songs chart.
