Jacopo (Giacomo) Puccini (] ; 26 January 1712 16 May 1781) was an 18th-century Italian composer who lived and worked primarily in Lucca, Tuscany.
 He was the first of five generations of composers, the most famous of whom was his great-great-grandson, the opera composer Giacomo Puccini.
La bohème (also known as "La bohème de Puccini") is a 1988 Italian-French film of an opera directed by Luigi Comencini.
 It is based on Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème".
Cesira Ferrani (May 8, 1863 in Turin – May 4, 1943 in Pollone) was an Italian operatic soprano who is best known for debuting two of the most iconic roles in opera history, Mimì in the original 1896 production of Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème" and the title role in Puccini's "Manon Lescaut" in its 1893 world premiere.
 Ferrani sang a wide repertoire that encompassed not only verismo opera but the works of composers like Verdi, Gounod, Wagner, and Debussy.
La bohème (also known as "La bohème de Puccini") is a 2008 Austrian-German film of an opera directed by Robert Dornhelm.
 It is based on Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème".
Ron Bottcher (11 May 1940 – 12 April 1991) was an American operatic baritone who was actively performing with both the New York City Opera (NYCO) and the Metropolitan Opera during the 1960s.
 A native of Sandpoint, Idaho, he earned music degrees from the University of Montana and the Curtis Institute of Music.
 He made his debut at the Santa Fe Opera in the summer of 1961, where he portrayed the roles of Leopold in Richard Strauss' "Der Rosenkavalier", Marcello in Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème", and the Head waiter in Paul Hindemith's "Neues vom Tage".
 His roles at the NYCO included Escamillo in Georges Bizet's "Carmen" and Sharpless in Puccini's "Madama Butterfly" among others.
 At the Met he created roles in the world premieres of Samuel Barber's "Antony and Cleopatra" and Marvin David Levy's "Mourning Becomes Electra".
 He died at the age of 50 at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan of AIDS related illness.
Gianni Schicchi (] ) is a comic opera in one act by Giacomo Puccini to an Italian libretto by Giovacchino Forzano, composed in 1917–18.
 The libretto is based on an incident mentioned in Dante's "Divine Comedy".
 The work is the third and final part of Puccini's "Il trittico" (The Triptych)—three one-act operas with contrasting themes, originally written to be presented together.
 Although it continues to be performed with one or both of the other "trittico" operas, "Gianni Schicchi" is now more frequently staged either alone or with short operas by other composers.
 The aria "O mio babbino caro" is one of Puccini's best known, and one of the most popular arias in opera.
La fanciulla del West ("The Girl of the West") is an opera in three acts by Giacomo Puccini to an Italian libretto by and , based on the play "The Girl of the Golden West" by the American author David Belasco.
 "Fanciulla" followed "Madama Butterfly", which was also based on a Belasco play.
 The opera has fewer of the show-stopping highlights that are characteristic of other Puccini works, but is admired for its impressive orchestration and for a score that is more melodically integrated than is typical of his previous work.
 "Fanciulla" displays influences from composers Claude Debussy and Richard Strauss, without being in any way imitative.
 Similarities between the libretto and the work of Richard Wagner have also been found, though some attribute this more to the original plot of the play, and have asserted that the opera remains quintessentially Italian.
The Festival Puccini (Puccini Festival) is an annual summer opera festival held in July and August to present the operas of the famous Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
Lilian Sukis (born 29 June 1939, Kaunas) is a Canadian operatic soprano of Lithuanian birth.
 After earning diplomas from the University of Toronto and McMaster University, she made her professional opera debut in 1964 as Kate Pinkerton in Giacomo Puccini's "Madama Butterfly" with the Canadian Opera Company.
 In 1965 she sang the role of Countess Almaviva in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro" at the Stratford Festival.
 That same year she became a pupil at the Metropolitan Opera Studio and School.
 She made her debut at the Met in 1967 as Helen Niles in the world premiere of Marvin David Levy's "Mourning Becomes Electra".
 In 1969 she became a member of the Bavarian State Opera where she remained for more than 20 years.
 She has also appeared as a guest artist with several major opera houses and opera festivals internationally, including the Bayreuth Festival, the Frankfurt Opera, Graz, the Hamburg State Opera, the Salzburg Festival, and the Vienna State Opera among others.
"O mio babbino caro " ("Oh My Beloved Father") is a soprano aria from the opera "Gianni Schicchi" (1918) by Giacomo Puccini to a libretto by Giovacchino Forzano.
 It is sung by Lauretta after tensions between her father Schicchi and the family of Rinuccio, the boy she loves, have reached a breaking point that threatens to separate her from Rinuccio.
 It provides an interlude expressing lyrical simplicity and single-hearted love in contrast with the atmosphere of hypocrisy, jealousy, double-dealing, and feuding in the medieval Florence of Puccini's only comedy.
 It provides the only set-piece in the through-composed opera.
