Arsenal Hill is a neighborhood in Columbia, South Carolina.
 Arsenal Hill was one of the first residential neighborhoods in the city and was the site of an arsenal during the Civil War.
 The South Carolina Governor's Mansion is located in Arsenal Hill.
 The current Governor's mansion is the only building left of The Arsenal which was the sister school of The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina, in Charleston.
 The remainder of The Arsenal's buildings were burned down by General William Sherman's troops during the Civil War.
 In recent years, new residential development has been created to take advantage of the areas views of the city and its proximity to Finlay Park.
The Governor of the Commonwealth of Kentucky is the head of the executive branch of government in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
 Fifty-seven men and one woman have served as Governor of Kentucky.
 The governor's term is four years in length; since 1992, incumbents have been able to seek re-election once before becoming ineligible for four years.
 Throughout the state's history, four men have served two non-consecutive terms as governor, and two others have served two consecutive terms.
 Kentucky is one of only five U.S. states that hold gubernatorial elections in odd-numbered years immediately before the United States Presidential Election.
 The current governor is Matt Bevin, who was first elected in 2015.
The Governor of South Dakota is the chief executive of the U.S. state of South Dakota.
 The current Governor is Dennis Daugaard.
 The Governor has the power to sign or veto laws, and to call the Legislative Assembly into emergency session.
 He has an "ex officio" North Dakota Governor's Residence.
 The governor may only serve two terms consecutively, and becomes eligible for reelection after four years out of office.
The Alabama Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Alabama and the governor's family in Montgomery, the capital city of Alabama.
 The current Governor of Alabama, Kay Ivey lives at the governor's mansion.
 The original governor's mansion for Alabama was occupied from 1911 until 1950, when the current mansion was acquired.
 The current mansion was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 3, 1972.
Stephen Cepello (born June 29, 1949) is an American artist and a former professional wrestler.
 As a wrestler, he was best known by his ring names, Steve Strong.
 After retiring from wrestling to focus on his art career, he was selected to paint the official Governor's Mansion and Minnesota State Capitol portraits of former wrestler and Governor of Minnesota Jesse Ventura.
Governor's Mansion State Historic Park is the location of Historic Governor's Mansion of California, the official home of the Governor of California.
 It housed thirteen governors and their families from 1903 to 1967 and began housing the 39th, and current, governor in 2015.
 The mansion is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Governor of Minnesota is the chief executive of the U.S. state of Minnesota, leading the state's executive branch.
 Forty different people have been governor of Minnesota, though historically there were also three governors of Minnesota Territory.
 Alexander Ramsey, the first territorial governor, also served as state governor several years later.
 State governors are elected to office by popular vote, but territorial governors were appointed to the office by the United States president.
 The current governor of Minnesota is Mark Dayton of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (DFL).
The office of the Governor of Abia State is an elected position.
 The governor of Abia State is the chief executive of the state and its executive branch.
 Eight different people have served as governor of Abia State since the state was created on August 27, 1991.
 The current governor is Okezie Ikpeazu of the People's Democratic Party, in office since May 29, 2015.
Kay Ellen Ivey (born October 15, 1944) is an American politician who is the 54th and current Governor of Alabama since April 2017.
 Ivey, a member of the Republican Party, served as the 38th Alabama State Treasurer from 2003 to 2011, and later became the 30th Lieutenant Governor of Alabama; she was the first Republican woman elected in this state, serving from January 2011 until April 2017.
 She assumed office as governor on April 10, 2017 following the resignation of two-term governor Robert Bentley, who left office after pleading guilty to criminal charges involving campaign finance violations.
 Bentley was also facing impeachment following a sex scandal at the time of his resignation.
 Ivey is Alabama's second female governor, after Lurleen Wallace, who served from 1967 until 1968, and first female Republican governor.
The Governor of North Dakota is the chief executive of the U.S. state of North Dakota.
 The current Governor is Doug Burgum.
 The Governor has the power to sign or veto laws, and to call the Legislative Assembly into emergency session.
 The Governor is also chairman of the North Dakota Industrial Commission.
 He has an "ex officio" North Dakota Governor's Residence.
 There are no limits on the number of terms a governor may serve.
