East of Chicago Pizza is a restaurant chain based in Lima, Ohio offering different styles of pizza, buffalo wings, breadsticks, and subs.
 They have 75 restaurants in Ohio, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, West Virginia, New York, Michigan and South Carolina.
 The first restaurant was opened in 1982 as the Greenwich Pizza Barn in Greenwich, OH.
Aurelio's Pizza is an Illinois restaurant chain which centers its business around the thin crust variety of Chicago-style pizza.
 Aurelio's Pizza has three corporate owned stores and 37 franchised locations in 6 states.
 Aurelio's Pizza is the oldest Chicago pizza franchise restaurant, franchising since 1974.
Peppes Pizza is a Norwegian pizza chain that serves American style and Italian style pizza.
 Peppes is the largest pizza chain in Scandinavia.
 The restaurant was founded by two Americans, Louis Jordan and his wife Anne from Hartford, Connecticut.
 The restaurant chain is part of Umoe Catering As which consists of restaurants such as Burger King, TGI Fridays, La Baguette and Cafe Opus.
 Peppes Pizza is one of the first restaurants that brought foreign food to Norway.
 9 million pizzas are served by Peppes each year with deliveries in 11 cities in Norway.
 Their menu was first put online in March 1995.
 The servings have been described as enough for two people and that the pizza chain is "a cut above the rest".
Happy Joe's Pizza & Ice Cream Parlor is an American pizza parlor chain based in Bettendorf, Iowa.
 The restaurant chain was founded in 1972 by Lawrence Joseph "Happy Joe" Whitty, a former Shakey's Pizza manager.
 Its 61 restaurants are mostly located in the Midwestern United States (in Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, Minnesota, North Dakota and Wisconsin).
, although the company is also present in Arizona.
 The idea for Happy Joe's came from a combination of a pizza parlor and ice cream palace.
Yellow Cab Pizza Company is a Filipino chain that retails fast food, primarily pizza.
 In 2001, Yellow Cab Pizza Company was founded by Eric Puno, Henry Lee, and Albert Tan.
 Max's Group, owner of restaurant chain Max's of Manila, owns the brand.
 The restaurant also operates 145 branches in Qatar, United Arab Emirates, and China.
WingStreet is a restaurant chain specializing in chicken.
 The restaurant chain is owned by Yum!
 Brands, which also owns its sister franchise Pizza Hut.
 As of September 2008, there were close to 1,600 locations in the U.S., Canada, and Australia.
 They are almost always co-located with Pizza Hut.
Pizza 73 is a Canadian restaurant chain that offers a number of different styles of pizza, along with chicken wings.
 It has been operated by Pizza Pizza since 2007.
 Toronto-based Pizza Pizza had acquired the restaurant for a total of $CAN70.2 million.
 There are 89 locations throughout Western Canada, which include the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan.
 The restaurant's name originates from its original phone number: 473–7373.
 Founded by David Tougas and Guy Goodwin in 1985, Pizza 73 is headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Pizza Fusion is a Deerfield Beach, Florida-based pizza restaurant chain.
 Using mostly organic ingredients and emphasizing green building methods, the restaurants operate under the tagline Saving the Earth, One Pizza at a Time.
Greco Pizza Restaurant is a franchise restaurant chain consisting of over 100 outlets in Eastern Canada.
 The restaurants also deliver pizza.
 Greco bills itself as the largest pizza chain in Atlantic Canada.
The Pizza Ranch, Inc., founded in 1981, is a "fast casual" restaurant chain.
 Pizza Ranch offers pizza, chicken, a salad bar, and a pizza and chicken buffet.
 Pizza Ranch has over 200 locations in Colorado, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
 Pizza Ranch is the largest regional pizza franchise in Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota.
