The Duchy of Bernstadt (German: "Herzogtum Bernstadt" , Polish: "Księstwo bierutowskie" , ) was a Silesian duchy centred on the city of Bernstadt (present-day Bierutów) in Lower Silesia (now in Poland) and formed by separation from the Duchy of Oels (Oleśnica).
 It was first ruled by the Silesian Piasts dynasty, until its extinction in 1492.
 In 1495 it and the Duchy of Oels passed to the Dukes of Münsterberg, who came from the House of Poděbrady.
 In 1647 the Duchy of Bernstadt passed by marriage to the Dukes of Württemberg.
The House of Hanover (or the Hanoverians ; German: "Haus Hannover" ) is a German royal dynasty that ruled the Electorate and then the Kingdom of Hanover, and that also provided monarchs of Great Britain and Ireland from 1714 and ruled the United Kingdom until the death of Queen Victoria in 1901.
 Upon Victoria's death, the British throne passed to her eldest son Edward VII, a member of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha through his father.
The Principality of Calenberg was a dynastic division of the Welf duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg established in 1432.
 Calenberg was ruled by the House of Hanover from 1635 onwards; the princes received the ninth electoral dignity of the Holy Roman Empire in 1692.
 Their territory became the nucleus of the Electorate of Hanover, ruled in personal union with the Kingdom of Great Britain from 1714 onwards.
 The principality received its name from Calenberg Castle, a residence of the Brunswick dukes.
The Duchy of Teschen (German: "Herzogtum Teschen" ), also Duchy of Cieszyn (Polish: "Księstwo Cieszyńskie" ) or Duchy of Těšín (Czech: "Těšínské knížectví" , was one of the Duchies of Silesia centered on Cieszyn ("Teschen") in Upper Silesia.
 It was split off the Silesian Duchy of Opole and Racibórz in 1281 during the feudal division of Poland and was ruled by Silesian dukes of the Piast dynasty from 1290 until the line became extinct with the death of Duchess Elizabeth Lucretia in 1653.
The Royal House of Boureh Gnilane Joof (variation : Mbin Boureh Gnilane in Serer) was a royal house founded in the 14th century by Jaraff Boureh Gnilane Joof (var : "Bouré Gnilane Diouf" or "Buré Ñilaan").
 He was a member the Serer tribe, from the pre-colonial Kingdom of Sine now part of independent Senegal.
 It was the first royal house founded by the Joof family during the Guelowar period (1350 - 1969).
 Boureh Gnilane Joof was a royal prince and a Jaraff (var : "Diaraf"), a with the powers of a Prime Minister.
 He was neither a Maad a Sinig (king of Sine) nor a Maad Saloum (king of Saloum) but a royal prince who had the title "Jaraff" bestowed upon him by his cousin and brother-in-law - Maad a Sinig Diessanou Faye (king of Sine).
 His father Maad Patar Kholleh Joof (the conqueror) was the king of Laa and Teigne of Baol (king of Baol).
 Boureh's brothers were the first from this house to have succeeded to the throne of Sine during the Guelowar period.
 His name was adopted in his honour to refer to the first royal house founded by the Joof family during this dynastic period.
 The Joof family of Sine, from this royal house also ruled in the Kingdom of Saloum (the Joof paternal dynasty of Sine and Saloum) The Joof family also ruled in Baol (the Joof paternal dynasty of Baol).
 From the date of its foundation up to the abolition of the Serer monarchies of Sine and Saloum in 1969, at least ten kings from this house had succeeded to the throne of Sine.
 As the first royal house of Sine founded by the Joof family in this dynastic period, the Royal House of Boureh Gnilane Joof holds great significance in Senegambian, Joof family and , because all the subsequent royal houses founded by the Joof family (who ruled in three Senegambian kingdoms) branched out from this royal house.
Succession to the British throne is determined by descent, gender (for people born before October 2011), legitimacy, and religion.
 Under common law, the Crown is inherited by a sovereign's children or by a childless sovereign's nearest collateral line.
 The Bill of Rights 1689 and the Act of Settlement 1701, restrict succession to the throne to the legitimate Protestant descendants of Sophia of Hanover that are in "communion with the Church of England".
 Spouses of Roman Catholics were disqualified from 1689 until the law was amended in 2015.
 Protestant descendants of those excluded for being Roman Catholics are eligible.
The Grand Duchy of Tuscany was founded in 1569.
 It succeeded the Duchy of Florence.
 The grand duchy was initially ruled by the House of Medici, until their extinction in 1737.
 The grand duchy passed to the House of Lorraine, and then, to its cadet branch, the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
 The House of Habsburg Lorraine ruled Tuscany from 1765–1801, and then 1814–1859.
Ernest Augustus (5 June 1771 – 18 November 1851) was King of Hanover from 20 June 1837 until his death.
 He was the fifth son and eighth child of King George III of the United Kingdom and Hanover.
 As a fifth son, Ernest seemed unlikely to become a monarch, but none of his four elder brothers had a legitimate son who survived infancy.
 The Salic Law, which barred succession to or through a female, prevailed in Hanover; therefore, when his elder brother King William IV died in 1837, Ernest succeeded him as King of Hanover.
 In the United Kingdom the succession to the monarchy was determined by primogeniture and his niece Victoria succeeded to the throne, thus ending the personal union between the British Isles and Hanover that had existed since 1714.
The House of Oldenburg is a European dynasty of North German origin.
 It is one of Europe's most influential royal houses, with branches that rule or have ruled in Denmark, Iceland, Greece, Norway, Russia, Sweden, Schleswig, Holstein, and Oldenburg.
 The current Queen of Denmark and King of Norway, the former King of Greece, the consorts of Greece and the United Kingdom, as well as the first twelve names in the line of succession to the British throne, are all patrilineal members of the Glücksburg branch of this house.
Prince Christian of Hanover (Christian Heinrich Clemens Paul Frank Peter Welf Wilhelm-Ernst Friedrich Franz Prince of Hanover, Duke of Brunswick and Lüneburg; born 1 June 1985) is the younger son of Ernst August, Prince of Hanover, and his first wife Chantal Hochuli.
 He is the second in the line of succession to the former Hanoverian throne, after his elder brother Prince Ernst August.
 As a descendant of George III of the United Kingdom, Christian is also in the line of succession to the British throne.
