The Šešupė ( ; Russian: Шешупе ; German: "Scheschup(p)e" ; Polish: "Szeszupa" ) is a river that flows through Poland (27 km), Lithuania (158 km), and Russia (62 km).
 The river flows for 51 km along the border between the Kaliningrad Oblast, an exclave of Russia, and Lithuania.
 The Šešupė originates near the Polish town of Szeszupka, about 10 miles from the Polish-Lithuanian border, and flows into the Nemunas near the town of Neman on the border between Lithuania and Kaliningrad Oblast.
The Withlacoochee River originates in Georgia, northwest of Nashville, Georgia.
 It flows south through Berrien County where it joins the New River and forms part of the boundary between Berrien and Cook counties.
 It then flows south into Lowndes County, Georgia.
 At Troupville, Georgia the Little River joins the Withlacoochee River flows continues to flow south and forms part of the boundary between Lowndes and Brooks counties in Georgia.
 The river then flows into Florida for 1.34 miles Florida before returning into Georgia for an additional 2.44 miles.
 It then returns to Florida, forming the northeast boundary of Madison County, Florida and the western boundary of Hamilton County, Florida and eventually merges with the Suwannee at Suwannee River State Park west of Live Oak.
 The river is 115 mi long.
 It is believed to be the source for the name of the central Florida river of the same name.
The Sonthi River (Thai: ลำสนธิ , rtgs: "Lam Sonthi" ,  ] ) is a tributary of the Pa Sak River.
 It originates at the Ruak and Phanghoei mountains in the border area of Lam Sonthi district, Lopburi province and Si Thep, Phetchabun province.
 The river flows southward as the backbone of Lam Sonthi district and joins with the Phaya Klang River from Muak Lek district, Saraburi province.
 Then the river flows ahead to west and tributes the Pa Sak River in Chai Badan.
 It is 70 km long.
Mthatha River or Umtata River (Xhosa: "<nowiki>'</nowiki>mtathe Bawo" ) is a river in the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa.
 The river flows into the Indian Ocean in an estuary located near Coffee Bay.
 The Mthatha river flows in a southeastern direction and is approximately 250 km long with a catchment area of 2,600 km².
 It is named after Mthatha Town (Umtata).
The Ledava is the largest river of Goričko, northeastern Slovenia, and the largest tributary of the Mur River in Slovenia.
 The river is 76 km in length.
 It originates in Austria as the "Lendva Bach" and first flows southeast.
 It enters Slovenia near Kugla Hill, the highest peak of Prekmurje (418 m ), and flows south as the "Ledava".
 In this part of its course it forms the only gorge in Goričko.
 In the village of Ropoča it flows into the Ledava Reservoir, which distinguishes itself by a variety of bird species, a variety of dragonflies, and the best preserved otter population in Slovenia.
 The Ledava is the only outflow from the lake.
 In its lower course the river flows through Murska Sobota and Lendava.
 It has several (mainly left) tributaries in this part, the largest of them being the Big Krka and the longest Kobilje Creek.
 Finally, it joins the Mur.
Kosasthalaiyar River, also known as "'Kortalaiyar" in Manali a distributary, is one of the three rivers that flow in the Chennai metropolitan area.
 The 136 km river originates near pallipet in thiruvallur District and drains into the Bay of Bengal.
 Its northern tributary Nagari river originates in Chitoor district of Andhra Pradesh and joins the main river in the back waters of Poondy dam.
 Its catchment area spreads in Vellore, Chitoor, North Arcot, Thiruvallur and Chennai districts.
 It has catchment area in North Arcot District with a branch near Kesavaram Anicut and flows to the city as Cooum River and the main Kosasthalaiyar River flows to Poondi reservoir.
 From Poondi reservoir, the river flows through Thiruvallur District, enters the Chennai metropolitan area, and joins the sea at Ennore creek.
 There are two check dams across the river at Tamaraipakkam and Vallur.
 The excess discharge in the river is controlled by the Tamarapakkam Anicut located across the river in the downstream of Poondi reservoir.
 Vallur Anicut is a small check dam constructed near Minjur across the river to control water levels and feed irrigation channels in the area.
 It flows to a distance of 16 km in the Chennai metropolitan area.
 The total catchment area of the river is 3757 km , and the bed width ranges from 150 to .
 The discharge capacity of the river is 110000 m3/s , and the anticipated flood discharge capacity is about 125000 m3/s .
The Panjshir River flows through the Panjshir Valley in northeastern Afghanistan, 150 km north of Kabul.
 Its main tributary is the Ghorband River which flows from the Parwan Province and joins the Panjshir River 10 km east of Charikar.
 The Panjshir River flows southward through the Hindu Kush and joins the Kabul River at the town of Surobi.
 A dam was built on the Panjshir River near Surobi in the 1950s to supply water from the Panjshir River to the Kabul River.
The Cheakamus River (pron.
 CHEEK-a-mus) is a tributary of the Squamish River, beginning on the west slopes of Outlier Peak in Garibaldi Provincial Park upstream from Cheakamus Lake on the southeastern outskirts of the resort area of Whistler.
 The river flows into Cheakamus Lake before exiting it and flowing northwest until it turns south and enters Daisy Lake.
 Between the outlet of Daisy Lake and its mouth, much of its length is spent going through Cheakamus Canyon, where the river flows through swift rapids and even one good sized waterfall.
 The river flows south from the lake and through the canyon before joining the Squamish River at Cheekye, a few miles north of the town of Squamish.
 The river's name is an anglicization of the name of Chiyakmesh ("people of the fish weir"), a village of the Squamish people and a reserve of the Squamish Nation.
Ramganga West River originates from Doodhatoli ranges in the district of Pauri Garhwal, Uttarakhand state of India.
 The Ramganga River flows to south west from Kumaun Himalaya.
 It is a tributary of the river Ganges, originates from the high altitude zone of 800m-900m.
 Ramganga flows by the Corbett National Park near Ramnagar of Nainital district from where it descends upon the plains.
 Moradabad, Bareilly, Badaun, Shahjahanpur and Hardoi cities of Uttar Pradesh is situated on its banks.
 The Ramganga Dam crosses the river at Kalagarh for irrigation and hydroelectric generation.
 An annual festival of Ganga Dassahra is organised on its banks annually during the months of September and October at Chaubari village near Bareilly.
 It has a drainage basin of 30,641 km.
 (11,831 sq.mi).
I Drink My Coffee Alone is a one-man deathcore/electronic project from Trier, Germany, formed by Alex Gazin in 2011, significantly noted for his dominating growls and use of electronic instrumentation.
 Gazin has previously released one EP and two full-length albums.
