Donald William Ashworth (born March 16, 1931) is a musician who was a member of "The Tonight Show Band" for thirty years before retiring in 1995.
 Ashworth played woodwind instruments with the group starting from Johnny Carson's first week as host of "The Tonight Show" in October 1962 (when the band was referred to generically as "The NBC Orchestra") until his final show on May 22, 1992.
 For its first 10 years, Carson's "Tonight Show" was based in New York City with occasional trips to Burbank, California; in May 1972, Ashworth moved from New York City to Southern California when the show moved permanently to Burbank.
 He was often seen on the show when Carson played "Stump the Band", where studio audience members asked the band to try to play obscure songs given only the title.
Daniel Rosen is an American comedian, juggler and game show announcer.
 He began his career with unicycle, juggling and magic acts in high school.
 Johnny Carson discovered Rosen when he was a teen and made him a regular guest on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.
 The Tonight Show exposure and Carson's endorsement led him be the announcer and writer on "The Late Show", a talk show that was on Fox.
Thomas Penn "Tommy" Newsom (February 25, 1929 – April 28, 2007) was a saxophone player in the NBC Orchestra on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", for which he later became assistant director.
 Newsom was frequently the band's substitute director, whenever Doc Severinsen was away from the show or filling in for announcer Ed McMahon.
 Nicknamed "Mr. Excitement" as an ironic take on his low-keyed, often dour persona, he was often a foil for Johnny Carson's humor.
 His brown or blue suits were a marked contrast to Severinsen's flashy stage clothing.
Shep Meyers (October 5, 1936 - July 18, 2009) was an American pianist, composer, arranger, and conductor.
 He was born in Passaic, New Jersey, and raised in Fair Lawn.
 who lived in San Diego, California from 1977.
 He recorded with Ella Fitzgerald and many others.
 He accompanied singer Julie London] for seven nights a week as well as jazz vocalists Anita O'Day, Billy Daniels, Peggy Lee, and Eleonor England.
 He served as conductor for the bands of comedians Lenny Bruce, Steve Allen, Redd Foxx, Henny Youngman, and Johnny Carson during his residency at the Sahara Hotel in Las Vegas.
 He has played with Woody Herman, Coleman Hawkins, Art Pepper, Conte Candoli, and Don Joham.
 He died of a stroke on July 18, 2009.
Walid Soliman (Arabic: وليد سليمان‎ ‎ ; born 1 December 1984 in Minya) is commonly known as Walid.
 The Egyptian footballer is nicked named as "the Egyptian Messi" due to his magical skills.
 Soliman is a left-footed attacking midfielder and playmaker for the Egyptian Premier League side Al-Ahly and the Egypt National Team.
"Johnny's Theme" is an instrumental jazz song played as the opening theme of "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" from the show's inception in 1962 through its finale in 1992.
 The piece was composed by Paul Anka and Johnny Carson, based on a previous composition by Anka.
 It was performed by The Tonight Show Band, which released an arrangement by Tommy Newsom in 1986 as part of its Grammy Award-winning eponymous debut album.
 The single release also garnered a Grammy nomination.
Carson Entertainment Group (formerly Carson Productions and Carson Productions Group) is a television production company established by Johnny Carson in 1980 to primarily produce "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" from 1980 to 1992 and "Late Night with David Letterman" from 1982 to 1993.
DANIEL Irei (伊礼彼方 , Irei ) is a Japanese actor, musician and fashion model.
 He was born February 3, 1982 in Argentina as Daniel Irei (ダニエル 伊礼 ) , but uses the stage name "Kanata."
 This comes from his grandfather on his father's side, who gave him a Japanese name because he did not like his given name.
 He is half-Okinawan and half-Chilean.
 He was brought up in Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan since he was 6.
 He also has two siblings,a younger brother nicked named Rocky and a younger sister Mari.
 Though he was born in Argentina, he does not speak any Spanish, since his formal education was all done in Japan.
 Japanese is the only language he is able to write and speak.
 Later during his teenage years his parents separated.
John Twomey is a manualist who appeared on NBC's The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson in 1972 and 1974.
 He is credited with bringing manualism to the public stage, as his performance of "Stars and Stripes Forever" was seen by millions of people and was included in the "Best of Johnny Carson" collection.
 Twomey also coined the term "manualism," as he introduced himself as a "manualist" in the show.
 Twomey was a regular guest of Johnny's after that first appearance all the way until Johnny retired from "The Tonight Show".
Carnac the Magnificent was a recurring comedic role played by Johnny Carson on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson".
 One of Carson's most well-known characters, Carnac was a "mystic from the East" who could psychically "divine" unknown answers to unseen questions.
