Big Daddy is a 1999 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and starring Adam Sandler and the Sprouse twins.
 The film was produced by Robert Simonds and released on June 25, 1999, by Columbia Pictures, where it opened #1 at the box office with a $41,536,370 first weekend.
 It was Sandler's last film before starting his production company, Happy Madison Productions, his first film distributed by Columbia Pictures, and his highest-grossing film until "Hotel Transylvania 2" (2015).
Grown Ups 2 is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and co-produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the film.
 It is the sequel to the 2010 film "Grown Ups".
 The film co-stars Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, Nick Swardson, and Salma Hayek.
 The film is produced by Adam Sandler's production company Happy Madison Productions and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing.
 The film was released on July 12, 2013.
 The film grossed roughly $247 million on an $80 million budget.
 Like the first film, it was widely panned by critics.
 It was nominated for nine Razzies at the 2014 Golden Raspberry Awards.
The Dilemma is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Ron Howard, written by Allan Loeb and starring Vince Vaughn and Kevin James.
 The film follows savvy businessman Ronny (Vaughn) and genius engineer Nick (James) who are best friends and partners in an auto design firm.
 They are pursuing a project to make their firm famous.
 Ronny sees Nick's wife Geneva (Winona Ryder) kissing another man (Channing Tatum).
 Ronny seeks out answers and has to figure out how to tell Nick about what he saw while working with him to complete their critical presentation.
You Don't Mess with the Zohan is a 2008 American political satire comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the film.
 It was the fourth film that included a collaboration of Sandler as actor and Dugan as director.
 The film revolves around Zohan Dvir (Hebrew: זוהן דביר‎ ‎ ), an Israeli counterterrorist army commando who fakes his own death in order to pursue his dream of becoming a hairstylist in New York City.
 The story was written by Adam Sandler, Judd Apatow, and Robert Smigel.
 It was released on June 6, 2008 in the US and on August 15, 2008 in the UK.
 The film grossed $201 million worldwide from a $90 million budget.
Just Go with It is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan, written by Allan Loeb and Timothy Dowling and starring Adam Sandler (who also co-produced), Jennifer Aniston, Nicole Kidman, Nick Swardson and Brooklyn Decker.
 The film is based on the 1969 film "Cactus Flower" which was adapted from an earlier Broadway stage play written by Abe Burrows, which in turn was based upon the French play "Fleur de cactus".
The Space Between Us is a 2017 American romantic science fiction film directed by Peter Chelsom and written by Allan Loeb, from a story by Stewart Schill, Richard Barton Lewis and Loeb.
 The film stars Gary Oldman, Asa Butterfield, Britt Robertson, and Carla Gugino, and follows a teenage boy, born on Mars, who travels to Earth.
Bailee Madison (born October 15, 1999) is an American actress.
 She is known for her role as May Belle Aarons, the younger sister of Jess Aarons in "Bridge to Terabithia" (2007) and Maryalice in Merry Christmas Drake & Josh.
 She is also known for playing Maxine, Alex and Justin's brother Max turned into a girl in "Wizards of Waverly Place" She is also known as the younger version of Snow White in the ABC fantasy drama "Once Upon a Time" and as Grace Russell on the Hallmark Channel series "Good Witch".
 Other notable works of hers include the horror film "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark", Maggie in "Just Go with It" and Harper Simmons in "Parental Guidance".
Happy Gilmore is a 1996 American sports comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan with music by Mark Mothersbaugh and produced by Robert Simonds.
 It stars Adam Sandler as the title character, an unsuccessful ice hockey player who discovers a newfound talent for golf.
 The screenplay was written by Sandler and Tim Herlihy.
 The film was released in cinemas on February 16, 1996 by Universal Pictures.
 "Happy Gilmore" was a commercial success, earning $41.2 million on a $12 million budget.
 This film was the first of multiple collaborations between Sandler and Dugan.
 The film won an MTV Movie Award for "Best Fight" for Adam Sandler versus Bob Barker.
Jack and Jill is a 2011 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan, written by Steve Koren and Adam Sandler, and starring Sandler, Katie Holmes, and Al Pacino.
 The film was released on November 11, 2011 by Columbia Pictures.
Don't Be Afraid of the Dark is a 2010 dark fantasy horror film written by Matthew Robbins and Guillermo del Toro and directed by comic book artist Troy Nixey.
 An international co-production between the United States, Australia, and Mexico, it was filmed at the Drusilla Mansion in Mount Macedon, Victoria and Melbourne, Australia.
 The film stars Katie Holmes, Guy Pearce, and Bailee Madison, as a family moving into a 19th-century Rhode Island mansion, where the withdrawn daughter (Madison) begins to witness malevolent creatures that emerge from a sealed ash pit in the basement of the house.
 It is a remake of the 1973 ABC made-for-television horror film of the same name.
