Sudha Malhotra is an Indian playback singer.
 She also acted in some Bollywood films and as a playback singer worked in popular Bollywood movies in the 1950s and 1960s, like "Arzoo", "Dhool Ka Phool", "Ab Dilli Door Nahin", "Girl Friend", "Barsat Ki Raat", "Didi", "Kala Pani", "Prem Rog", and "Dekh Kabira Roya".
 She was last heard in Raj Kapoor's "Prem Rog" (1982) in the song "Yeh Pyar tha ya kuch aur tha".
 Apart from Hindi songs Sudha sang many popular Marathi songs (Bhavgeet) with Arun Date.
Ramanand Sagar (29 December 1917 – 12 December 2005) (born Chandramauli Chopra) was an Indian film director.
 He is most famous for making the "Ramayan" television series, a 78-part TV adaptation of the ancient Hindu epic of the same name, starring Arun Govil as Lord Ram and Deepika Chikhalia as Sita.
 The Government of India awarded him the civilian honour of Padma Shri in 2000.
Arun Shankarrao Sarnaik (4 October 1935 – 21 June 1984) was an actor and singer from Kolhapur, Maharashtra, India.
 He was the son of the famous singer "Maharashtrakokil" Pt.
 Shankarao Sarnaik and brother of famous classical singer "Pandit Nivruttibua Sarnaik" from Jaipur Atrauli Gharana (4 July 1912 – 16 February 1994).
Arun Thapa (born January 1952 – 22 July 1999) was a famous Nepali singer and songwriter.
Pakkinti Ammayi or Pakka Inti Ammayi is a 1953 Telugu comedy film produced by East Indian Company and directed by Chittajalu Pullayya.
 It is based on a Bengali story "Pasher Bari" by Arun Chowdhury.
 The film featured Anjali Devi as the beautiful neighbour girl.
 Famous comedian Relangi Venkata Ramaiah acted as her lover Subbarayudu and veteran South Indian singer A. M. Rajah as his opponent.
 This film was remade in Tamil as "Adutha Veetu Penn".
Kanthari is a Malayalam comedy entertainment movie released under the banner of Sri Shirdi Sai Baba R Prabhukumar.
 Directed and scripted By Ajmal.
 "Kanthari" Mollywood movie star casts are Rachana Narayanankutty, Sekhar Menon, Subiksha, Rajshri Nair, Sreejith Ravi, Manav, Balaji and others.
 This movie songs and background score (music) composed by Arun Choudary, Gautham Rinil (BGM) and released in the date of 19/6/2015 (Jun 19, 2015)
Bhakla is a Chhattisgarhi film released on 5 May 2006.
 This film is notable because Lata Mangeshkar sang a song in this film, which was her first and last Chhattisgarhi song.
 Composer for his movie is Kalyan Sen, who is notable music director in Chhattisgarh.
 He is son of the Famous Gwalior Gharana Musicologists Dr Arun Kumar Sen & Dr. Aneeta Sen, & elder brother of Shekhar Sen.
Manakamana is the most famous temple situated in Tumlingtar about 5 Kilometers north of Tumlingtar Airport.
 It is in the north east of Tumlingtar bazar on the bank of Arun River.
 It is said that it was taken here from Manakamana of Gorkha.
 About a hundred old people live there and pray to God for their salvation after their deaths.
 Every year thousands of people come to worship the Goddess and for fasting in November (on the eleventh after the New Moon of Kartik.)
Slindon Cricket Club was famous in the middle part of the 18th century when it claimed to have the best team in England.
 It was located at Slindon, a village in the Arun district of Sussex.
Arun Date is a well known Marathi singer of Bhavageete.
 Originally a textile engineer, Arun Date left his high-profile job after 28 years of service for pursuing career in singing.
 The song "Shukratara by Date" was adjudged as song of the month by Mumbai Radio Station in 1962 and remains one of the most popular song in contemporary Marathi culture.
 Arun Date was first recipient of Gajananrav Vatave Purskar.
 His father Ramubhaiyya was a government officer in Indore, and was part of Marathi literary and music circles.
 Ramu-bhayya Date was friends with famous personalities like Kumar Gandharva, Pu La Deshpande, Va Pu Kale.
 He encouraged his children, Arun and Ravi, to learn music.
