Fat Killahz is an American four-piece hip hop collective from Detroit, Michigan, consisting of Fatt Father (real name Shabazz Ford), Bang Belushi (previously known as Shim-E-Bango), MarvWon (real name Marvin O'Neil), and King Gordy (real name Waverly Alford).
Alphaville is a German synthpop/new wave band which gained popularity in the 1980s.
 The founding members were lead singer Marian Gold (real name: Hartwig Schierbaum, born 26 May 1954 in Herford), Bernhard Lloyd (real name: Bernhard Gössling, born 2 June 1960 in Enger), and Frank Mertens (real name: Frank Sorgatz, born 26 October 1961 in Enger).
 The band was at first named "Forever Young" before being changed to "Alphaville".
 They achieved chart success with the singles "Big in Japan", "Sounds Like a Melody", "Jet Set", "Dance With Me", "Jerusalem", "Romeos" and "Forever Young".
A pen name ("nom de plume", or "literary double") is a pseudonym (or, in some cases, a variant form of a real name) adopted by an author and printed on the title page or by-line of his or her works in place of their "real" name.
 A pen name may be used to make the author's name more distinctive, to disguise his or her gender, to distance an author from some or all of his or her previous works, to protect the author from retribution for his or her writings, to combine more than one author into a single author, or for any of a number of reasons related to the marketing or aesthetic presentation of the work.
 The author's name may be known only to the publisher, or may come to be common knowledge.
The Ruthless Rap Assassins were a British hip hop group from Hulme, Manchester, England.
 The group was formed by MC Kermit La Freak (later simply Kermit - real name Paul Leveridge) and brothers Dangerous Hinds (real name Anderson Hinds) and Dangerous C (real name Carson Hinds).
The Detroit Grand Pubahs are an American musical group from Detroit, Michigan, comprising Paris the Black Fu (real name Mack Goudy, Jr.) and The Mysterious Mr O. (real name Oliver Way).
 One of the founding members, Dr. Toefinger (real name Andy Toth), left in 2004.
 They are best known for their 2000 single "Sandwiches", which reached number 29 in the Hot Dance Club Songs chart.
Dollar Bill is a Swedish hip hop group from Rosengård (Malmö County), Sweden established in 2002, and made up of Tax (real name Muhammed Ahmadi), The Beast (real name Besfort Sulejmani) and their friend Edo (real name Eldin Telalovic).
 Jassim "Jask" Ahmadi, Tax's brother, was a former group member, but left in 2014 for his job.
 Isen "Ice" Sulejmani (The Beast's brother) is another past member; he was left out of the formation in 2006 because the group wanted a more serious image.
 After putting out materials online via their MySpace account, they released their debut album "Återfödelsen" with collaborations from Gonza, Afasi, Organism12, Masse, Keione, AFC, Timbuktu, Chords, Hosam (from Highwon), Avastyle and Rock-a-spot.
 They have appeared in a number of shows, notably "Nyhetsmorgon", and at festivals like Malmöfestivalen.
The Go-Katz are a British psychobilly band formed in Loughborough, Leicestershire in 1986.
 The original members were Howard Raucous (real name Howard Piperides) on vocals, Beaker (real name Giles Brett) on guitar, Andy Young (guitar), Moff (real name Mark Moffat) on Double Bass, and Wolf (real name John Basford) on drums.
 The band members have formerly made up Loughborough bands The Exorcists and The Go-Go Dakotas.
Los Hombres del Camuflaje (Spanish for "Men In Camouflage") is a Mexican sibling professional wrestling tag team consisting of Artillero (real name unrevealed) and Súper Comando (real name Gustavo Torres Ramirez).
 The team is currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) portraying "rudos" ("Bad guys") wrestling characters.
 Los Hombres del Camuflaje are second generation wrestlers, sons of wrestler Principe Odin, with several of their brothers being professional wrestlers.
 Artillero is a "Luchador enmascarado", or masked professional wrestler while Súper Comando worked as an "enmascarado" until December 25, 2015.
 Artillero's real name is not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans.
 Artillero and Super Comando are the brothers of CMLL low card wrestler Bengala, although it is not openly acknowledged by CMLL.
 The two use a military theme, reflected in their ring gear, mask and trunks which is at least partially camouflage.
24-7 Spyz (pronounced "twenty-four-seven spies") are a band from the South Bronx, New York, formed in 1986, originally consisting of Jimi Hazel (real name, Wayne K. Richardson) (guitar), Rick Skatore (real name, Kenneth D. Lucas) (bass), Kindu Phibes (drums), and P. Fluid (real name, Peter Forrest) (vocals).
 The band is best known for mixing soul, funk, reggae, and R&B with heavy metal and hardcore punk.
 The fact that they are African Americans playing variations of heavy metal led critics to compare them to bands such as Living Colour and Bad Brains.
 Though they were pioneers in the fusion of these particular music styles, influencing many bands, they have never achieved substantial commercial success.
 After several lineup changes, the band broke up in 1998, but reformed in 2003 before releasing their first new album of original material in over a decade in 2006.
 As of October 2014, the lineup of the band includes Jimi Hazel, Rick Skatore, drummer Phillip "Fish" Fisher and guitarist Ronny Drayton.
The Tables was an underground/DIY pop group formed in Oslo, Norway, in 1987, by Bartleby (vocals, real name Tore Sørensen#, Robert Birdeye #bass, drums, real name Steinar Buholm#, and Reg Trademark #guitar, real name Ståle Caspersen#, from the ashes of a band called The Bottle Collectors.
 This trio recorded their first 7” EP called “Diary EP”, released on the new-founded Voices of Wonder label in 1988 #now Voices Music and Entertainment#.
