Schindler's List is a 1993 American epic historical period drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg and scripted by Steven Zaillian.
 It is based on the novel "Schindler's Ark" by Australian novelist Thomas Keneally.
 The film relates a period in the life of Oskar Schindler, an ethnic German businessman, during which he saved the lives of more than a thousand mostly Polish-Jewish refugees from the Holocaust by employing them in his factories during World War II.
 It stars Liam Neeson as Schindler, Ralph Fiennes as SS officer Amon Göth, and Ben Kingsley as Schindler's Jewish accountant Itzhak Stern.
Inheritance is a 2006 documentary film about Monika Hertwig a.k.a. Monika Christiane Knauss, the daughter of Ruth Irene Kalder and Amon Göth, Commandant of Kraków-Płaszów concentration camp.
 Monika Hertwig was 10 months old when her father was hanged in 1946 for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide.
 She discovered the truth about him only as a young adult, because her own mother told her in childhood that he was a good man and a war hero.
Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
Johanne Morissette Daug Amon (born June 2, 1996), better known by her stage name, Morissette, is a Filipina singer and occasional actress.
 She first rose to prominence when she finished runner-up on TV5's "Star Factor" at the age of 14.
 In 2012, Amon made her professional stage debut in the Repertory Philippines production of Disney's "Camp Rock".
 She competed in the first season of ABS-CBN's "The Voice of the Philippines" in 2013, where she became part of Sarah Geronimo 's team.
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
Jennifer Teege (born 29 June 1970, Munich) is a German writer.
 Her maternal grandfather was Austrian Nazi concentration camp commander and war criminal Amon Göth.
 Her 2015 book "My Grandfather Would Have Shot Me" was a "New York Times" bestseller.
Helen Jonas-Rosenzweig (born Helena Sternlicht; 25 April 1925) is a Holocaust survivor interned during World War II at the Kraków-Płaszów concentration camp where she was forced to work as a maid for SS camp commandant Amon Göth.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
Arnold Büscher (16 December 1899, Bad Oeynhausen – 2 August 1949) was a German SS officer.
 At the rank of SS-"Obersturmführer", he was the second and last commandant of the Kraków-Płaszów concentration camp, succeeding Amon Göth, from September 1944 until about January 1945.
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
