Reynold Alleyne Nicholson, or R. A. Nicholson (18 August 1868 – 27 August 1945), was an eminent English orientalist, scholar of both Islamic literature and Islamic mysticism and widely regarded as one of the greatest Rumi (Mevlana or Mawlana) scholars and translators in the English language.
Lawrencepur is a town in Attock District Punjab, Pakistan located on the Grand Trunk Road.
 Faqeerabad is a small town in Lawrencepur.
 Also there is a small Bazaar,for local people.
 Lawrencepur railway station , which now in these days shutdown and not in use anymore by Pakistan Railways , situated here.
 Also situated here is Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation building.
 A well known Islamic Institution Madrasa Astana Alia Behr-Ul-Haq Sharif and an adjacent Mosque built by Sufi Saint , Sufi Master, Qibla, Pir (Sufism) Peer e Tariqat Tariqa ,Rehbar e Shariat Sharia, Faqir Benazir, Musheer Bargah e Taqdeer, Hafiz, Qari , Molana , Khawaja, Allama , Hazrat Hadrat Sayyid Muhammad Abdul Haq Damat Baraktum Alia Qudsia also known as Baba Jee ( Baba G / Baba Gee ).
 Hazrat Baba Jee Sahib is Qutb, Qutb of this time, Sufi Mystic ( Islamic mysticism ), Wali of Allah , acknowledged by various Islamic Scholars, Sufi Masters , Sufi Saints from all over the world.
Abu Solaiman Dawud ibn Nosair al-Ta’i, usually referred to as Dawud Tai, (died between 777 and 782) was a Islamic scholar and Sufi mystic.
 His disciples included many influential personalities of Islamic mysticism, e.g., Maruf Karkhi and Ahmad al-Buni.
Chishtī Muʿīn al-Dīn Ḥasan Sijzī (1142–1236 CE), known more commonly as Muʿīn al-Dīn Chishtī or Moinuddin Chishti, or reverently as a Shaykh Muʿīn al-Dīn or Hazrat Muʿīn al-Dīn or Khwājā Muʿīn al-Dīn by South Asian Muslims, was a Persian Muslim preacher, ascetic, religious scholar, philosopher, and mystic from Sistan, who eventually ended up settling in the Indian subcontinent in the early 13th-century, where he promulgated the famous Chishtiyya order of Sunni mysticism.
 This particular "tariqa" (order) became the dominant Muslim spiritual group in medieval India and many of the most beloved and venerated Indian Sunni saints were Chishti in their affiliation, including Nizamuddin Awliya (d. 1325) and Amir Khusrow (d. 1325).
 As such, Muʿīn al-Dīn Chishtī's legacy rests primarily on his having been "one of the most outstanding figures in the annals of Islamic mysticism."
 Additionally, Muʿīn al-Dīn Chishtī is also notable for having been one of the first major Islamic mystics to formally allow his followers to incorporate the "use of music" in their devotions, liturgies, and hymns to God, which he did so in order to make the foreign Arab faith more relatable to the indigenous peoples who had recently entered the religion or whom he sought to convert.
In Islam, ‘Irfaan (Arabic/Persian/Urdu: عرفان ; Turkish: "İrfan" ), also spelt "Irfaan" and "Erfan", literally ‘knowledge, awareness, wisdom’, is gnosis.
 Islamic mysticism can be considered as a vast range that engulfs theoretical and practical and conventional mysticism and has been intertwined with sufism and in some cases they are assumed identical.
 however Islamic mysticism is assumed as one of the Islamic sciences alongside theology and philosophy.
 Islamic’s mysticism is cognition and knowledge that love has been intertwined through it with structure of revelation in Islam.
Ovamir Anjum is the Imam Khattab Chair of Islamic Studies at the Department of Philosophy, University of Toledo.
 He studies the connections between theology, ethics, politics, and law in classical and medieval Islam, with a subfocus on its comparisons with western thought.
 Related fields of study include Islamic philosophy and Sufism.
Hidden Treasure (Arabic: کنزاً مخفیاً‎ ‎ ) is a Hadith Qudsi that has a very prominent role in Islamic mysticism and Islamic philosophy.
Sufism or Taṣawwuf (Arabic: الْتَّصَوُّف [sect]; personal noun: صُوفِيّ - "ṣūfiyy"/ "ṣūfī", مُتَصَوّف - "mutaṣawwūf"), which is often defined as "Islamic mysticism", "the inward dimension of Islam", or "the phenomenon of mysticism within Islam", is a mystical trend in Islam "characterized ... [by particular] values, ritual practices, doctrines and institutions" which began very early on in Islamic history and which represents "the main manifestation and the most important and central crystallization of" mystical practice in Islam.
 Although the overwhelming majority of Sufis, both pre-modern and modern, have been adherents of Sunni Islam, there nevertheless also developed certain strands of Sufi practice within the ambit of Shia Islam during the late medieval period.
Abdāl ("lit": substitutes, but which can also mean "generous" ["karīm"] and "noble" ["sharīf"]) is a term used in Islamic metaphysics and Islamic mysticism, both Sunni and Shiite, to refer to a particularly important group of God's saints.
 In the tradition of Sunni Islam in particular, the concept attained an especially important position in the writings of the Sunni mystics and theologians, whence it appears in the works of Sunni authorities as diverse as Abu Talib al-Makki (d. 956), Ali Hujwiri (d. 1072), Ibn Asakir (d. 1076), Khwaja Abdullah Ansari (d. 1088), and Ibn Khaldun (d. 1406).
Omid Safi is an American Professor of Asian and Middle Eastern Studies at Duke University, where he is the Director of Duke Islamic Studies Center, and a columnist for On Being.
 Dr. Safi specializes in Islamic mysticism (Sufism), contemporary Islamic thought and medieval Islamic history.
 He has served on the board of the Pluralism project at Harvard University and is the co-chair of the steering committee for the Study of Islam and the Islamic Mysticism Group at the American Academy of Religion.
 Before joining Duke University, Dr. Safi was a professor at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill.
