May Company California was a chain of department stores operating in Southern California and Nevada, with headquarters in North Hollywood, California.
 It was a subsidiary of May Department Stores and merged with May's other Southern California subsidiary, J. W. Robinson's, in 1993 to form Robinsons-May.
Entertainment Studios is an independent television production and distribution company that was founded by comedian Byron Allen in 1993 under the name CF Entertainment.
 The company produces and distributes first-run television series for U.S. television syndication.
 It also operates six digital cable and satellite channels, which broadcast a mix of original program content and syndicated programs that the company distributes for broadcast television through its Entertainment Studios Networks subsidiary.
 It produces and distributes films through the company's Freestyle Releasing film studio subsidiary and also owns The Grio, a news content provider catering to African-Americans.
Superior Bancorp, and its principal subsidiary Superior Bank, was a southeastern community thrift with approximately $3.2 billion in assets in 2010.
 The company was publicly held and had its corporate headquarters in Birmingham, Alabama.
 Superior was founded in 1997 as The Banc Corporation.
 Before its demise, the company stood as the second-largest community bank holding company in Alabama, behind Regions Financial Corporation, and third largest when including foreign-based, but locally headquartered, BBVA Compass.
 The company's corporate headquarters were located in the historic John A. Hand Building on 20th Street North in downtown Birmingham, which is named after former AmSouth Bancorporation president John A. Hand.
 Superior Bank had 73 branch locations including 38 in Alabama and 22 in Florida.
 Superior Bank was closed by FDIC on April 15, 2011.
 The bank's branches and its assets were acquired by a newly created subsidiary of Community Bancorp, operating as Superior Bank N.A.
Rockstar Productions GmbH (formerly Neo Software Produktions GmbH), doing business as Rockstar Vienna, was an Austrian Video game developer based in Vienna, Austria, and a subsidiary of Rockstar Games.
 Neo Software was founded on 4 January 1993 by Hannes Seifert and Niki Laber, and was acquired by Take-Two Interactive in February 2001.
 Between 1995 and 1996, Neo Software also operated a video game publishing subsidiary, Neo Deutschland, in Paderborn, Germany.
 In January 2003, during the company's tenth anniversary, the company was rebranded Rockstar Vienna and became part of the Rockstar Games umbrella.
 On 11 May 2006, the company was closed, leaving over 100 employees fired.
 A successor to the company, Games That Matter Productions, was founded by former Rockstar Vienna employees Hannes Seifert, Niki Laber and Jürgen Goeldner.
MortgageIT is a residential mortgage banking company that was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in New York City.
 By 2004, the company had become one of the top mortgage lenders in the nation.
 Also, in 2004, MortgageIT became a wholly owned subsidiary of MortgageIT Holdings, a self-administered REIT trading on the NYSE.
 As a full-service residential mortgage banking company, MortgageIT’s primary business operations are to originate, sell and broker residential mortgage loans in 50 states and the District of Columbia.
 Also, MortgageIT is an approved U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) delegated mortgagee.
 At the end of January 3, 2007 the company employed 2,100 and had 47 branches throughout the United States.
 The settlement, title and related services for mortgage loans were provided by Home Closer LLC, a subsidiary of MortgageIT.
Robinsons-May was a chain of department stores operating in Southern California, Arizona and Las Vegas, Nevada, previously with headquarters in North Hollywood, California.
 It was a subsidiary of The May Department Stores Company, having been acquired with Federated's takeover of The May Department Stores Company on August 30, 2005.
 Robinsons May had 45 stores.
FinecoBank () is an Italian financial service company that specialize in online brokerage.
 Founded as a subsidiary of Fineco (itself a subsidiary of Capitalia), the bank became a subsidiary of UniCredit after Capitalia was acquired in 2007.
 In 2016 UniCredit sold 20% shares to public market.
 It became a listed company since 2014.
Exit Tunes, Inc. (エグジットチューンズ株式会社 ) is a Japanese media company that acts primarily as a music publisher.
 The company was founded as a printing company in 2001, however later became a music company known as Quake Records in 2003.
 In 2005, the company was renamed to Quake Holdings.
 The company became a subsidiary of Pony Canyon in 2009 (later becoming a wholly owned subsidiary in 2014), and was renamed Exit Tunes in 2011.
ITC Transmission was founded in 1999 as International Transmission Co., a subsidiary of Detroit Edison (since renamed DTE Energy Electric Company, itself a subsidiary of DTE Energy), charged in the ownership, operation and maintenance of Detroit Edison's transmission system.
 In 2003, DTE sold the subsidiary to ITC Holdings Corp.
 In 2004, ITC Transmission became the first, fully independent electricity transmission company in the United States following the 2003 transfer of ownership from DTE Energy to ITC Transmission’s parent company, ITC Holdings Corp.
 ITC Transmission owns a fully regulated, high-voltage system that transmits electricity to local electricity distribution facilities.
 ITC Holdings Corp. () became a publicly traded company in 2005 and is headquartered in Novi, Michigan.
 Today it owns transmission systems in several states under a unique independent business model.
Andatee China Marine Fuel Service Corporation ("Andatee") (NASDAQ: AMCF ) is a marine fuel wholesale and retail company that is based in Dalian, China.
 The company sells oil fuel products mainly to one municipality directly under the central government and four big provinces in the Northeast and East of China, namely Tianjin, Liaoning, Shandong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang.
 The company has subsidiaries including Goodwill Rich International Limited, Dalian Fusheng Petrochemical Company ("Fusheng"), Fusheng's variable interest entity, and Xing Yuan.
 The company's subsidiary, Xing Yuan, founded in 2001, is a joint-venture with the Dalian subsidiary of CPC Corp.(China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation), which is the largest petroleum company in China.
