The hydrogen economy is a proposed system of delivering energy using hydrogen.
 The term "hydrogen economy" was coined by John Bockris during a talk he gave in 1970 at General Motors (GM) Technical Center.
 The concept was proposed earlier by geneticist J.B.S. Haldane.
Stadionul CPSM since 2002, is the technical center of national football association of Moldova.
 It's located in Vadul lui Vodă, a village on the banks of the Dniester River, 25 kilometers away from the capital Chișinău.
 The technical center was inaugurated on 21 August 2002.
 400.000 USD was invested in land base, a land of Torf artificial construction designed specifically with other spectators, two natural land complex with a hotel, studio rooms and a medical center.
Rødovre Town Hall (Danish: "Rødovre Rådhus" ) is located at the centre of Rødovre, a municipality some 9 km (5 mi) to the west of Copenhagen's city centre.
 Completed in 1956, it was designed by the Danish architect Arne Jacobsen.
 A fine example of the international architecture trends of the 1950s, it was inspired by the General Motors Technical Center to the north of Detroit.
The Cadillac ATS is a four-door, five-passenger compact luxury sedan manufactured and marketed by Cadillac and developed at the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan.
 Cadillac assembles the ATS at the Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in Lansing, Michigan.
The GM Technical Center is a General Motors facility in Warren, Michigan.
 The campus has been the center of the company's engineering effort since its inauguration in 1956.
 In 2000 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places; fourteen years later it was designated a National Historic Landmark, primarily for its architecture.
Learey Technical Center is a public vocational school that is part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools system.
 It is geared mainly to administer apprenticeship programs in coordination with industry and union councils.
 Learey is located in a highly urbanized area, at 5410 North 20th Street, Tampa, Florida 33610, across the street from the much larger Erwin Technical Center.
 Learey has existed since June 1993.
Lively Technical Center is a public technical training school for both adult and high school students, located in Tallahassee, Florida, United States.
 It occupies two sites, including the main campus at 500 Appleyard Drive, and the campuses at Tallahassee Regional Airport.
 The main campus on Appleyard is located adjacent to Tallahassee Community College, but the two are separate institutions.
 Lively Technical Center is operated by the Leon County Schools district.
Manual Career & Technical Center, Manual, or Vo-Tech is a career and technical center located in Kansas City, Missouri,United States.
 It is situated in the same building with Southeast High School, located at 1215 East Truman Road, which is the Main Campus.
 The East Campus is located at 1924 Van Brunt Boulevard, at East High School.
 They are both a part of the Kansas City, Missouri School District.
Erwin Technical Center, sometimes known as D. G. Erwin Technical Center is a public vocational school that is part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools system.
 Erwin is located in a highly urbanized area, at 2010 E. Hillsborough Ave., Tampa, Florida 33610.
 This center, although not in the original building, has existed since 1925.
 James Rich is Erwin's principal.
 The school has two assistant principals, David D. Suarez, and Donna C. Brooks, Ed.D.
Wayne K. Cherry (born 1937) is an American car designer educated at Art Center College of Design and employed by General Motors from 1962 through 2004, retiring as Vice President of Design.
 Cherry worked for General Motors in the United States from 1962 until 1965, when he moved to the United Kingdom to take a position with General Motors' Vauxhall Motors subsidiary, becoming Design Director at Vauxhall in 1975.
 In 1983 General Motors consolidated all European passenger car design under Cherry and made him Design Director at General Motors' Adam Opel AG subsidiary.
 Cherry returned to the United States in 1991 and in 1992 became General Motors Vice President of Design.
 Cherry retired from General Motors in 2004.
