The Honda Inspire is a luxury sedan introduced by Honda in 1990 derived from Honda Accord chassis.
 The first Inspire debuted in 1990 as the Accord Inspire, a sister nameplate to the Honda Vigor, but sold at different retail channels in Japan, known as "Honda Verno" for the Vigor/Saber, and the Inspire at "Honda Clio" stores.
 The Inspire was developed during what was known in Japan as the Japanese asset price bubble or "bubble economy".
The Honda Domani (ja:ホンダ・ドマーニ) is a car made by Honda and marketed in east Asia, including Japan.
 It was introduced in November 1992, replacing the Concerto in Honda's lineup, although that model lasted until 1995 in Europe.
 The Domani was another example of Honda taking one product and selling multiple versions at different dealership sales channels in Japan, called "Honda Clio" for the more upscale Domani, Honda Integra SJ at "Honda Verno" locations from 1996-2000, while "Honda Primo" sold the mechanically identical but aesthetically different "Japanese: ", along with the Civic 3- and 5-door hatchbacks.
The Honda CR-X, originally launched as the Honda Ballade Sports CR-X in Japan, is a front-wheel-drive sport compact car manufactured by Honda between 1983 and 1991.
 It was replaced by the Honda CR-X del Sol for the 1992 model year.
 Although there are many supposed definitions for the acronym CR-X, the most widely accepted are "Civic rally cross", and "Civic renaissance model X".
The Honda Capa, with the Honda series code GA4 and GA6, is a supermini MPV five-door hatchback produced by Honda between 1998 and 2002.
 It was introduced at the 1997 Tokyo Motor Show as the concept car "J-MW."
 It was introduced for retail sale April 24, 1998.
 The only engine the Capa had was the 98 hp 1.5L Honda engine, the D15B, with either a 4-speed automatic transmission (front-wheel drive only) or a CVT called "Multimatic S".
 September 16, 1999 a 4WD version of the Capa was released, using Honda's Full-Time four-wheel-drive system.
 Brake Assist was offered as standard equipment.
 Due to disappointing sales the Capa, short for "capacity", it was discontinued and replaced by the Honda Mobilio and Honda Fit.
 It was sold in Japan at two Honda dealership sales channels "Honda Primo", and "Honda Verno".
The third generation Honda Civic is an automobile which was produced by Honda from 1983 to 1987.
 It was introduced in September 1983 for model year 1984.
 The Civic's wheelbase was increased by 2–5 inches (13 cm) to 93.7 inches (hatchback) or 96.5 inches (sedan).
 A three-door hatchback/kammback, four-door sedan (also known as the Honda Ballade), the five-door "Shuttle" station wagon, and sporting CRX coupé shared common underpinnings.
 This included MacPherson strut suspension with torsion bars in the front and a rear beam with coil springs.
 However, the body panels were largely different between models.
 The Civic-based Honda Quint five-door hatchback also underwent a model change, and became the Honda Quint Integra, available as both a three- and five-door fastback.
 The Quint Integra (soon just "Integra") was sold at the Japanese "Honda Verno" dealership along with the CR-X.
 The Civic in Japan was now exclusive to "Honda Primo", along with Honda's kei cars as well as superminis like the Honda City.
The Honda Vigor was a premium sedan that was sold in Japan through the "Honda Verno" dealer network from 1981 to 1995 derived from the Honda Accord, and briefly sold in North America from 1992 to 1994 as the Acura Vigor.
 Early Vigors were more upmarket versions of the Accord and served as Honda's flagship until the arrival of the Honda Legend.
 In 1989, the Vigor would differentiate itself further from the Accord with unique styling and an available longitudinal five-cylinder engine, and a twin to the Vigor was introduced with the Honda Inspire, available at "Honda Clio" dealerships.
The Honda Quint was a subcompact car manufactured by Honda in Japan from 1980 to 1985.
 It was introduced in February 1980 in Japan as a five-door liftback version of the Honda Civic, being more upscale than the Civic, and was sold at the "Honda Verno" sales channel in Japan.
 The Quint was made available to export markets including Europe and Southeast Asia in 1981, with the export name being Honda Quintet.
 Beginning in 1983, this model was also sold in Australia as the Rover Quintet.
 The Quint was succeeded by the Honda Quint Integra in 1985.
The Honda Ballade is a subcompact automobile built by Honda of Japan.
 It began as a four-door higher equipment content version of the Civic in 1980.
 The Ballade was developed at the same time the Honda Vigor appeared, which was a higher content Honda Accord.
 The Ballade was sold exclusively in Japan at "Honda Verno" dealerships alongside the Vigor, Prelude, CR-X, and Quint.
 In the UK it was launched at the same time as the very similar Triumph Acclaim with which it shared a Honda built engine.
The Honda Torneo is a sedan introduced by Honda in 1997 exclusively for the Japanese domestic market, derived from the Honda Accord.
 While the Accord was sold exclusively at "Honda Clio" dealerships, the Torneo was available at the other two Honda networks, "Honda Verno" and "Honda Primo" as the successor to the Honda Ascot and Honda Rafaga, respectively.
The Honda Rafaga series CE4 and CE5 was a compact 4-door sedan sold only in Japan by Honda, introduced in January 1993, and used the same 5-cylinder engine that was used in the Honda Inspire and the Honda Vigor and shared a platform with the second generation CE series Honda Ascot.
 "Rafaga" is Spanish for "gust" or "blustery".
 The engine is installed longitudinally, the same configuration used in the Vigor and Inspire.
 The Rafaga was third in Hondas hierarchy of sedans, and a sister car to the Ascot, which was sold at the "Honda Primo" dealership network.
 The Rafaga was sold in Japan at "Honda Verno" dealerships, and was one level up from the Honda Integra.
 As with other Honda products, the Rafaga used double wishbone suspension at the front and rear wheels.
 The "2.5 S" trim level came with a front suspension upper strut brace in the engine compartment.
 In Japan, the smaller G20A engine used regular grade fuel, while the larger G25A engine used premium grade fuel.
