The Chalkiopoulio Sports Hall or Lamia Arena (alternate spellings: Halkiopouleio, Halkiopoulio, Chalkiopouleio) is an indoor sporting arena that is located in the city of Lamia, Greece.
 The seating capacity of the arena is 5,000 people.
 The indoor arena is part of the Lamia Sports Center, which also features indoor and outdoor tennis courts, a football field, and outside basketball courts.
 The indoor arena is able to host basketball, volleyball, and handball matches and it is owned by the municipality of Lamia.
KeyBank Center, formerly known as Marine Midland Arena, HSBC Arena and First Niagara Center, is a multipurpose indoor arena located in downtown Buffalo, New York.
 It is the largest indoor arena in Western New York, seating 19,070 fans in its normal configuration, and was constructed primarily for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL), who have called the arena home since 1996, when it replaced the now-demolished Memorial Auditorium.
 The arena was renamed as KeyBank Center starting with the 2016–2017 NHL season.
 It is owned by Erie County and operated by Pegula Sports and Entertainment (as Hockey Western New York, LLC).
Žalgirio Arena is a multi-purpose indoor arena in the New Town of Kaunas, Lithuania.
 The arena is located on an island of the Nemunas River.
 It is the largest indoor arena in the Baltics.
 The arena's maximum possible seating capacity for basketball games is 15,552, and 20,000 spectators for concerts (when the stage is in the middle, and 17,000 when stage is in the side of the arena).
 The Žalgiris Arena replaced the Kaunas Sports Hall as a major venue in the city.
The Celebration Arena is a 5,000-seat indoor arena located in Decatur, Alabama.
 It contains an 150-by-300-foot (45,000 square foot) arena floor that can be used not only for sporting events as well as indoor track meets, rodeos and horse shows (most notably the world championship show for the Racking Horse), but also for trade shows, flea markets, and other special events, such as concerts (concert capacity is up to 7,000).
 One large significance about this arena is that it is the only structure in Alabama that contains a full indoor track.
 If any school in the state wishes to hold a track meet in the state, this arena is used.
 It was formerly the site of the Alabama High School Athletic Association State Indoor Track Meet.
 Concerns over the facility's safety led to the cancellation of the AHSAA Indoor Track season for 2007-2008.
The Philippine Arena is a multipurpose indoor arena at Ciudad de Victoria, a 140-hectare tourism enterprise zone in Bocaue and Santa Maria, Bulacan, Philippines.
 With a maximum seating capacity of 51,898, the Philippine Arena is the world's largest indoor arena.
 It is one of the centerpiece of the many centennial projects of the Iglesia Ni Cristo (INC) for their centennial celebration on July 27, 2014.
 The legal owner of the arena is the INC's educational institution, New Era University.
Out of Control: Live from the O 2009 is a live album by British pop group Girls Aloud.
 The CD is part of the Out Of Control Live from The O 2009 DVD limited fan edition set, only available on Girls Aloud's official website.
 The CD was recorded on May 24, 2009 at The O Arena in London while the group was on their Out of Control Tour.
 The album contains all the songs from the tour, with the exception of the Megamix that ends the show.
The Videotron Centre (French: "Centre Vidéotron") is an indoor arena in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.
 The 18,259-seat arena replaced Colisée Pepsi as Quebec City's primary venue for indoor events.
 The new arena is primarily used for ice hockey, serving as the home area of the Quebec Remparts of the QMJHL and has been prospected as a venue for a new or re-located National Hockey League team in Quebec City, and as part of a Winter Olympic Games bid.
 The building opened on September 8, 2015.
 It is now the seventh-largest indoor arena in Canada.
The Out of Control Tour was the fifth concert tour by British girl group Girls Aloud.
 It supported their fifth studio album "Out of Control".
 Initially, just ten dates in bigger arenas were announced in November 2008.
 Due to demand, more dates were added.
 Girls Aloud performed thirty-two dates across the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 The tour commenced on 24 April 2009 at Manchester Arena, with the final show on 6 June 2009 in Newcastle's Metro Radio Arena.
Malmö Arena is a multi-use indoor arena in Malmö, Sweden, and the home of SHL ice hockey club Malmö Redhawks.
 It is the largest arena in the SHL, and the second-largest indoor arena in Sweden.
 Apart from hosting Redhawks hockey matches, the arena is often the venue for team handball, floorball, concerts, and other events.
 It has also hosted indoor athletics.
 Owned and operated by Parkfast AB, the arena was designed by Mats Matson of MM Matsson Konsult AB, Hannu Helkiö of Pöyry Architects, and Gert Wingårdh of Wingårdh arkitektkontor.
 Naming rights for the venue are owned by Malmö Stad, in a ten-year contract, agreed in 2007.
 Malmö Arena hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 between 14 and 18 May 2013.
Arena Birmingham (previously known as The Barclaycard Arena and the National Indoor Arena) is an indoor sporting and entertainment venue in Birmingham, United Kingdom.
 The Arena, which is owned by parent company, the NEC Group, is situated in central Birmingham.
 When it was opened in 1991, it was the largest indoor arena in the UK.
