Arrival is the eleventh studio album by the American rock band Journey, released in the United States in 2001.
 A version with one substituted song was released in Japan in 2000.
 The album was the band's first full-length studio album with new lead vocalist Steve Augeri, who replaced popular frontman Steve Perry, and with Deen Castronovo, who replaced Steve Smith as the band's drummer.
Foxes is the soundtrack to the 1980 film of the same name, starring Jodie Foster, Scott Baio, Sally Kellerman, Randy Quaid as well as The Runaways' lead singer Cherie Currie.
 The double-album was released on the disco label Casablanca Records.
Waitin' for the Night is the third studio album by American all-female rock band the Runaways.
 It was originally released in October 1977, on the label Mercury.
 This is the first album to feature the band as a quartet, as rhythm guitarist Joan Jett took over lead vocals in the wake of the departure of Cherie Currie for a solo career and Vicki Blue replaced Jackie Fox on bass.
 Though it failed to chart in the US, it was successful in Europe.
 The album entered at No. 34 on the Swedish Albums Chart, and the lead single 'School Days' peaked at No. 29 in Belgium.
Messin' with the Boys is the second post-Runaways album by Cherie Currie, released in 1980 For this album Currie worked with her identical twin sister, Marie Currie.
 Their band was called "Cherie and Marie Currie".
 Marie was a guest vocalist on Cherie's first album, so Marie went on tour with Cherie to support her first album, "Beauty's Only Skin Deep".
 When Marie would join Cherie on stage to sing the encores the audience would go wild.
 So Cherie ran with the idea of two blonds are better than one.
 The idea paid off because "Messin' with the Boys" received more radio play than "Beauty's Only Skin Deep", and their song "Since You Been Gone" made it to 95 on US charts.
 The single "This Time" and the album Messin' with the Boys made the top 200 on U.S. charts.
 This makes Messin' with the Boys Cherie Currie's most successful album.
 "I Just Love the Feeling" originally surfaced on the 1974 album, "S.S. Fools" by the group of the same name.
 Cherie duetted with that group's lead singer, Bobby Kimball, and wrote the additional lyrics in the second verse.
Young and Wild is a compilation by Cherie & Marie Currie.
 This album has all 10 original tracks from Messin' with the Boys, six songs from Beauty's Only Skin Deep, three songs Cherie Currie sang with The Runaways, and one new track co-written by Marie Currie, "Longer Than Forever".
 "Longer Than Forever" was the B side of the single "Since You Been Gone".
The Happenings are a pop music group that originated in the 1960s.
 Members of the original group, created in the spring of 1961 and initially called "The Four Grads" because all had just graduated from high school in Paterson, New Jersey, were Bob Miranda, David Libert, Tom Giuliano, and Ralph DiVito.
 In 1968 DiVito was replaced by Bernie LaPorta and Lenny Conforti also joined to play drums in the touring band.
 Both LaPorta and Conforti took a hiatus from the northern New Jersey band, The Emerald Experience, to play and tour with The Happenings.
 That lineup performed mostly at colleges and universities until 1970, when Libert left the band to manage other groups, including George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic, Living Colour, Brian Auger, Vanilla Fudge, The Runaways (Cherie Currie, Joan Jett, Lita Ford), Mother's Finest, Alice Cooper and Evelyn "Champagne" King.
Reverie is the third full-length studio album by Cherie Currie.
 Released on iTunes March 16, 2015.
 Cherie released the CD version of this album June 5, 2015 on her eBay page cheriecurriedirect.
 There is a 35-year gap between Cherie's last full-length studio album, 1980's Messin' with the Boys (with Marie Currie), and 2015's Reverie.
 This is last studio album Kim Fowley produced before his death.
 Kim helped Cherie release this album to make amends with her after all the money he swindled her out of when she was in the Runaways and for releasing her and Marie's music on Young and Wild without their approval.
 After Kim's death Cherie's son, Jake Hays, took over producing.
Marie Michelle Currie (born November 30, 1959) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and artist.
 Currie is best known for playing in a band with her identical twin Cherie Currie called Cherie & Marie Currie.
 Their song "Since You Been Gone" charted at number 95 on the US charts.
 Marie played Singing Maid Marie in "The Rosebud Beach Hotel" and is now a popular multi-media sculptress and artist.
Cherie Ann Currie (born November 30, 1959) is an American musician (instrumentalist, singer, songwriter), actress and artist.
 Currie was the lead vocalist of the Runaways, a rock band from Los Angeles, in the mid-to-late 1970s.
 After the Runaways, she became a solo artist.
 Then she teamed up with her identical twin sister, Marie Currie, and released an album with her.
 They released a duet "Since You Been Gone" which charted number 95 on US charts.
 Their band was called Cherie and Marie Currie.
 She is also well known for her role in the movie "Foxes".
The Runaways is a 2010 American drama film about the 1970s rock band of the same name written and directed by Floria Sigismondi.
 It is based on the book "Neon Angel: A Memoir of a Runaway" by the band's original lead vocalist Cherie Currie.
 The film stars Dakota Fanning as Currie, Kristen Stewart as rhythm guitarist and vocalist Joan Jett, and Michael Shannon as record producer Kim Fowley.
 "The Runaways" depicts the formation of the band in 1975 and focuses on the relationship between Currie and Jett until Currie's departure from the band.
 The film grossed about $4.7 million worldwide and received generally favorable reviews from critics.
