Blake Hoffarber (born April 27, 1988) is a former college basketball player who played the shooting guard position on the University of Minnesota men's basketball team.
 The 6'4", 200 lbs Hoffarber is a Minnetonka, Minnesota native who gained fame by way of numerous highlight reel shots during the course of his basketball career.
 The first occurred during the 2005 Minnesota State High School Basketball Tournament against Eastview High School, for which he won the 2005 Best Play ESPY Award.
 The second, a game-winning buzzer beater in the 2008 Big Ten Tournament against Indiana University, for which he was again nominated for an ESPY for Best Play of the Year.
 He was a 2011 Academic All-American selection.
Delray Brooks (October 24, 1965) is an American basketball coach and former basketball player.
 Brooks was an Indiana high school basketball star who was named both 1984 Co-Indiana Mr. Basketball and 1984 USA Today Player of the Year.
 After high school, he first attended Indiana University to play basketball for Bobby Knight.
 When he didn't fit into the team plans as he had hoped he transferred to play for Rick Pitino at Providence College, where the team was one of the most successful in school history.
 As a professional player, his career floundered in various leagues before he began coaching basketball as an assistant for Pitino at the University of Kentucky.
 He reached the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship final four as both a player and assistant coach.
 When Pitino left for the NBA, he moved on to a head coaching position at the University of Texas-Pan American.
 He was eventually caught up in a scandal and fired.
 He has since coached various high school teams.
 , he is the head coach for the men's basketball team at Clay High School.
Simon Petrov (born January 27, 1976) is a Slovenian basketball coach and former professional basketball player.
 He is currently the head coach of Krka of the Slovenian League.
 Petrov was head coach of the Slovan until November 2014.
 He played basketball position of shooting guard.
Saulius Štombergas (born December 14, 1973) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player and basketball coach.
 He is currently a free agent.
 Štombergas is one of the greatest Lithuanian basketball players of all time, and he was also considered to be a great team leader, as he managed to play very well under pressure, and at the end of games.
 He was also known for his 3-point shooting ability.
Saulius Kuzminskas (born May 30, 1982) is a Lithuanian former professional basketball player.
 His younger brother Mindaugas is also a basketball player for the New York Knicks.
Forward–center or Bigman is a basketball position for players who play or have played both forward and center on a consistent basis.
 Typically, this means power forward and center, since these are usually the two biggest player positions on any basketball team, and therefore more often overlap each other.
Hole set is an offensive position in the game of water polo.
 It can be referred to as either just the "hole" position or the "set."
 Because this player is typically positioned on the two meter (2M) marker and in center of the opposing team's goal, the position can also be called the two-meter or simply 2M.
 Other names for this position include center forward, due to the similarity between the corresponding basketball position, as well as the pit-man.
 The defensive player guarding the hole set can be called the hole-D, where D stands for defense, two-meter defender, or 2M-D.
Mindaugas Kuzminskas (born 19 October 1989) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He also represents the Lithuanian national team.
 Standing at 2.06 m , he plays at the small forward position.
Ram Kumar (born 4 February 1964) is a former Indian basketball player and coach of the junior Indian team.
 He is currently the coach of the Rail Coach Factory, Kapurthala team, and has been a long-standing coach of the Indian Railways men's team.
 He played for India during 1985 to 1996 and represented the Indian national basketball team at several international championships.
 He also served as the captain of Indian national basketball team from 1991 to 1995.
 He played the position of shooting guard.
 In the National Championships, Ram Kumar represented Indian Railways and during his playing days, Indian Railways won eight Gold, three Silver, and three Bronze medals.
 Ram Kumar is the son of former basketball player Khushi Ram, an Arjuna awardee and the brother of Ashok Kumar, also an India international player.
 He is a recipient of Dhyan Chand Award in 2003 for lifetime achievement in Indian basketball.
Vladimir Lučić (Serbian: Владимир Лучић , born June 17, 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Bayern Munich of the Basketball Bundesliga (BBL).
 He also represents the Serbian national basketball team.
 Standing at 2.04 m , he primarily plays at the small forward position, but he can also play at the power forward position.
