"QB VII" is an American television miniseries produced by Screen Gems; it was also the final program from Columbia Pictures's television division to be made under the Screen Gems banner.
 It began airing on ABC on April 29, 1974.
 Adapted to the screen by Edward Anhalt from the novel "QB VII", it was produced by Douglas S. Cramer and directed by Tom Gries.
 The original music was written by Jerry Goldsmith and the cinematography by Paul Beeson and Robert L. Morrison.
Sony Pictures Digital (previously known as Columbia TriStar Interactive, Sony Pictures Interactive Network, and Sony Pictures Digital Entertainment) is an operating unit of Sony Pictures Entertainment.
 It oversees the digital production and online entertainment assets of SPE, consists of Sony Pictures Mobile, Sony Pictures Digital Networks, and others.
 It is known as the digital website interactive creator for SPE.
 Sony Pictures Digital designed websites for Sony Pictures, Screen Gems Network, SoapCity, Sony Pictures Imageworks, GSN, among others for SPE.
Obsessed is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Steve Shill.
 The Rainforest Films production stars Idris Elba, Beyoncé, and Ali Larter.
 "Obsessed" tells the story of Lisa, an office temp played by Larter, who develops romantic feelings for her boss, Derek Charles (Elba), and repeatedly attempts to seduce him.
 Derek's wife, Sharon (Beyoncé), learns of Lisa's obsessive behavior, and suspects an affair.
 Screen Gems president Clint Culpepper conceived the basic idea of "Obsessed", which was then developed by writer David Loughery, allocated a production budget of $20 million, and filmed in the summer of 2008.
 "Obsessed" was inspired by the work of directors Roman Polanski and Alfred Hitchcock, and its score was written by James Dooley.
 Lisa and Sharon were dressed in contrasting styles to reinforce their conflicting characters.
 "Obsessed" opened in US theaters on April 24, 2009, and UK theaters on May 29, 2009, and was distributed by Screen Gems.
Shock Theater (marketed as Shock!)
 was a package of 52 pre-1948 classic horror films from Universal Studios released for television syndication in October 1957 by Screen Gems, the television subsidiary of Columbia Pictures.
 The "Shock Theater" package included "Dracula", "Frankenstein", "The Mummy", "The Invisible Man" and "The Wolf Man" as well as a few non-horror spy and mystery films.
 A second package, Son of Shock, was released for television by Screen Gems in 1958, with 20 horror films from both Universal and Columbia.
The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok is an American Western television series which ran for eight seasons from 1951 through 1958.
 The Screen Gems series began in syndication, but ran on CBS from 1955 through 1958, and, at the same time, on ABC from 1957 through 1958.
 The Kellogg's cereal company was the show's national sponsor.
 The series was also exported to Australia during the late-1950s.
Colgems Records was a record label that existed from 1966 to 1971.
 It was a joint venture between Screen Gems, the television division of Columbia Pictures, and RCA Victor to issue records by the Monkees and other artists affiliated with Columbia/Screen Gems.
 The label would also issue soundtrack recordings for Screen Gems and Columbia Pictures productions.
 RCA acted as manufacturer and distributor for Colgems.
 (Outside of the United States, Colgems productions appeared on the RCA Victor label.)
Mr. T Cereal was a sweetened breakfast cereal manufactured by the Quaker Oats Company.
 The cereal was prepared with corn and oats as primary ingredients, and was fortified with iron and B vitamins.
 The cereal box had a cartoon likeness of Mr. T on the box as the cereal's mascot.
 The cereal was manufactured in the shape of the letter "T".
 It has been described as being similar in flavor to Cap'n Crunch cereal.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch (Known as Croque-Cannelle in French Canada, Curiously Cinnamon in the UK (previously Cinnamon Grahams), and as a different-tasting but similar-looking variant called Cini Minis in other European countries where available), is a brand cereal produced by General Mills and Nestlé.
 The cereal was first produced in 1984.
 Cinnamon Toast Crunch aims to provide the taste of cinnamon toast in a crunch cereal format.
 The cereal consists of small squares or rectangles of wheat and rice covered with cinnamon and sugar.
 Because of its rice content, when immersed in milk, one can hear "snap" sounds coming from it, similar to Rice Krispies.
 In most European countries the product is sold in boxes but in Poland and Russia the cereal is sold in bags.
 The product was originally marketed outside Europe with the mascot of a jolly baker named Chef Wendell, but was replaced with sentient Cinnamon Toast Crunch squares as mascots, who would often eat each other in commercials.
The Fox and the Crow are a pair of anthropomorphic cartoon characters created by Frank Tashlin for the studio.
 The characters, the refined but gullible Fauntleroy Fox and the streetwise Crawford Crow, appeared in a series of animated short subjects released by Screen Gems through its parent company, Columbia Pictures, and were Screen Gems' most popular characters.
Screen Gems Network (SGN) was an American television program which ran in syndication from 1999 to September 9, 2002, launched by Columbia TriStar Television Distribution and produced by Evolution.
 The concept for the program was announced on January 11, 1999 and it aired on September 20, 1999.
 SGN was the first broadcast-based service airing classic shows from the Columbia Pictures Television vault airing shows with an resource base of 58,000 episodes of 350 television series from the 1950s to 1980s from those by Columbia Pictures Television, Tandem Productions, and ELP Communications.
 The announcer of the program was Billy West.
 He was tapped by CTTD to be the announcer for the program on August 11, 1999.
