Amy & Isabelle is a 2001 made-for-television movie produced through Oprah Winfrey's Harpo Films as part of her "Oprah Winfrey Presents" film line.
 It was directed by Lloyd Kramer, who had previously directed another film under the "Oprah Winfrey Presents" banner, "".
 The book is based on the 1998 Elizabeth Strout book "Amy and Isabelle" and stars Elisabeth Shue and Hanna Hall as Isabelle and her daughter Amy.
Emmanuel's Gift is a 2005 documentary narrating the life of Emmanuel Ofosu Yeboah, a disabled man born in Ghana.
 It is narrated by Oprah Winfrey, and it follows Emmanuel as he attempts to overcome the stigma associated with physically disabled people in Ghana.
Oprah After the Show is a program on the Oxygen cable network from 2003 to 2006, and was an extra half-hour that allowed the audience to ask questions of the guests for that day's earlier episode of "The Oprah Winfrey Show" which aired in syndication, and for Oprah Winfrey to introduce extended segments.
 The program was created mainly as a make good by Winfrey, who had offered her program's archive to Oxygen upon taking an ownership interest in the network, but later changed her mind about airing her older episodes and decided to offer another contribution to the network beyond same-day repeat airings of her show, which were likely disallowed by her syndication contract with King World.
Oprah's Book Club was a book discussion club segment of the American talk show "The Oprah Winfrey Show", highlighting books chosen by host Oprah Winfrey.
 Winfrey started the book club in 1996, selecting a new book, usually a novel, for viewers to read and discuss each month.
 The club ended its 15-year run, along with the "Oprah Winfrey Show", on May 25, 2011.
 In total the club recommended 70 books during its 15 years.
Season 25: Oprah Behind The Scenes is an American documentary television series.
 The series began airing on OWN on January 1, 2011 and concluded on August 7, 2011.
 Each episode follows production for one or two episodes of the final season of "The Oprah Winfrey Show", featuring interview segments with Oprah Winfrey and the production staff.
 Three special edition episodes produced in house at Harpo were filmed on the Oprah set, featuring Oprah and her producers discussing highlights of the season's episodes with select viewers via Skype.
Oprah Prime (formerly Oprah's Next Chapter) is an American prime-time television show hosted and produced by Oprah Winfrey, airing on Oprah Winfrey Network.
 The series premiered on January 1, 2012, with a two-part episode featuring Aerosmith frontman Steven Tyler.
 The third season brought a new series title, "Oprah Prime", and premiered on March 9, 2014.
Oprah's Lifeclass (also known as Oprah's Lifeclass: The Tour in the show's second season) is an American primetime television show hosted and produced by Oprah Winfrey, which aired on OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network.
 The series premiered on October 10, 2011.
Belief is a seven-part documentary series hosted by Oprah Winfrey which travels across the globe to explore the traditional practices of religion and spirituality such as Christianity, Islam, Hinduism and Atheism.
 It premiered on October 18, 2015 on the Oprah Winfrey Network and on January 1, 2016 on the Discovery Network.
 Winfrey's goal with Belief was to tell all types of stories and personal journeys, answering the recurring question of "who am I?"
.
 She hoped that viewers would be inspired by the spirituality of the documentary.
Emmanuel Ofosu Yeboah is an athlete and activist from Koforidua, Ghana.
 Yeboah was born in 1977 with a severely deformed right leg.
 In 2001, he rode the 400 miles across Ghana to bring attention to the plight of the disabled in that country.
 In the process, he applied for a grant of a bicycle from the Challenged Athletes Foundation (CAF).
"Oprah Prime" is an American primetime television series hosted and produced by Oprah Winfrey, airing on the Oprah Winfrey Network.
 It was originally called "Oprah's Next Chapter" up until season 3 when it was renamed to "Oprah Prime".
