Doshisha University (同志社大学 , Dōshisha daigaku ) , also referred to as Dodai (同大 , Dōdai ) , is a private university in Kyoto City, Japan.
 Established in 1875, it is one of Japan's oldest private institutions of higher learning, and has approximately 30,000 students enrolled on four different campuses in Kyoto.
 It is one of the Japanese "Global 30" universities and one of the , a group of the four leading private universities in western Japan's Kansai region.
The University of Deusto (Spanish: "Universidad de Deusto" ; Basque: "Deustuko Unibertsitatea" ) is a Spanish private university owned by the Society of Jesus, with campuses in Bilbao and San Sebastián, and the Deusto Business School branch in Madrid.
 The University of Deusto is the oldest private university in Spain.
Norwich University – The Military College of Vermont is a private university located in Northfield, Vermont.
 It is the oldest private military college in the United States.
 The university was founded in 1819 at Norwich, Vermont, as the American Literary, Scientific and Military Academy.
 It is the oldest of six senior military colleges, and is recognized by the United States Department of Defense as the "Birthplace of ROTC" (Reserve Officers' Training Corps).
The Islamic University of Indonesia (Indonesian: "Universitas Islam Indonesia" or UII , Arabic: الجمعة الاسلامية الاندونيسية) is a private university in Yogyakarta, Indonesia.
 It was established on 27 Rajab 1364 (Islamic calendar) or on 8 July 1945 as STI (Sekolah Tinggi Islam - Islamic Higher School) by political figures of the day including Dr. Muhammad Hatta, Mohammad Natsir, Mohammad Roem, Wahid Hasyim, and Abdul Kahar Muzakkar.
 STI developed into a university called Universitas Islam Indonesia on 14 December 1947.
 Historically, UII is the first national university in Indonesia, and it is the oldest private university in the country.
Kogakuin University (工学院大学 , Kōgakuin daigaku ) is a private university in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan.
 The predecessor of the school initially named "Koshu Gakko" which is one of the oldest private engineering schools in Japan, was founded in 1887 by educator and politician, The President of Tokyo Imperial University's President Koki Watanabe and other professors of Tokyo Imperial University.
Cuttington University is a private university in Suacoco, Liberia.
 Founded in 1889 as Cuttington College by Episcopal Church of the United States (ECUSA), it is the oldest private, coeducational, four-year, degree-granting institution in sub-Saharan Africa.
Universitas Nasional (UNAS or Nasional University) is the oldest private university in Jakarta and the second oldest in Indonesia.
 It was founded by several Indonesian scholars on October 15, 1949, as Akademi Nasional.
Emory University is a private research university in metropolitan Atlanta, located in the Druid Hills section of DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
 The university was founded as Emory College in 1836 in Oxford, Georgia by the Methodist Episcopal Church and was named in honor of Methodist bishop John Emory.
 In 1915, the college relocated to metropolitan Atlanta and was rechartered as Emory University.
 The university is the second-oldest private institution of higher education in Georgia and among the fifty oldest private universities in the United States.
 Emory is frequently cited as one of the world's leading research universities and one of the top institutions in the United States.
Universidade Cândido Mendes is a private university located in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
 It is Latin America's oldest private university.
Mercer University is the oldest private university in Georgia with its main campus in Macon, Georgia, United States.
