"Star Trek" uniforms are worn by crew members in the "Star Trek" science fiction franchise.
 While the "Star Trek" television series and motion pictures feature various costumes, those worn by actors portraying enlisted personnel and officers from the fictitious organization Starfleet are the ones most closely associated with "Star Trek" costuming.
 Though design varied among the successive costume designers, the uniforms' costumes and insignia remained consistent within any one series or film.
 Costumes were re-designed to improve appearance when filmed and to improve the comfort for actors.
 Deliberately mixing styles of uniforms from the various series was occasionally used to enhance the sense of time travel or alternative universes.
Screen Actors Guild‐American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA) is an American labor union representing approximately 160,000 film and television actors, journalists, radio personalities, recording artists, singers, voice actors, and other media professionals worldwide.
 The organization was formed on March 30, 2012, following the merger of the Screen Actors Guild (created in 1933) and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (created in 1937 as American Federation of Radio Artists, becoming AFTRA in 1952 after merger with Television Authority).
 SAG-AFTRA is a member of the AFL–CIO, the largest federation of unions in the United States.
Sunshine is a 2007 British-American science fiction thriller film directed by Danny Boyle.
 The film was adapted from a screenplay written by Alex Garland about the crew of a spacecraft on a dangerous mission to the Sun.
 In 2057, with the Earth in peril from the dying Sun, the crew is sent on a mission to reignite the star with a nuclear bomb that has a mass equivalent to Manhattan Island.
 The script was based on a scientific back-story that took the characters on a psychological journey.
 The director cast a group of international actors for the film, and had the actors live together and learn about topics related to their roles, as a form of method acting.
 To have the actors realistically react to visual effects that would be implemented in post-production, the filmmakers constructed live sets to serve as cues.
 The ensemble cast features Cillian Murphy, Chris Evans, Rose Byrne, Michelle Yeoh, Cliff Curtis, Troy Garity, Hiroyuki Sanada, Benedict Wong, and Chipo Chung.
Stuart Piper is a London-based Agent and Producer represents actors, comedians and creatives, as Managing Director of Cole Kitchenn Personal Management Ltd and Director of CKP Comedy and ROAR Comedy.
 His client list includes actors Janie Dee, Dame Joan Collins, Pixie Lott, Katherine Jenkins OBE, Hannah Spearritt, Marc Pickering, Chizzy Akudolu, Glynis Barber, Rita Simons, Mica Paris, Phoebe Thomas, Louise Jameson, Mark Moraghan, Sid Owen, comedians Jan Ravens, Josie Lawrence, Lewis Macleod and Hal Cruttenden, West-End and Broadway theatre stars 2016 Evening Standard Award Winner Tyrone Huntley, 2017 Olivier Award winner David Bedella, 2017 Whatsonstage Award Winner Emma Williams, Amy Lennox, Cassie Compton, Julie Atherton, Christine Allado, Caroline O'Connor, Rosemary Ashe, Stephen Carlile, Lauren Samuels, Melanie La Barrie, Siobhan McCarthy, Alexandra Silber, Judy Kuhn, Mazz Murray, and creatives Arlene Phillips, Russell Labey and Nick Winston.
 In 2010, the agency became part of ROAR Group led by Chairman Jonathan Shalit, expanding to become part of a group of entertainment companies.
 His team of agents include Oliver Thomson, Alex Segal, Ashley Vallance, Adam Maskell, Brooke Kinsella MBE, Martha Atack, Sam Day, Charlie Royce, Alex MacMillan.
 In July 2015, The Stage called him a "Star Maker" in a front page interview, and Broadcast Magazine have announced him as a Director of new ROAR Comedy company with Corrie McGuire from Objective and Professor Jonathan Shalit OBE.
 In Jan 2017 he was announced to have masterminded the acquisition of CKP (Christian Knowles Productions) the agency that represents Micky Flanagan, Zoe Lyons, Hal Cruttenden and Mark Watson and was appointed Director as reported in The Stage and on Chortle.
Vytautas Šapranauskas (19 April 1958 – 18 April 2013) was a Lithuanian comedy and drama actor of theatre and cinema, and an anchor of TV programs.
 According to the chairman of the Lithuanian Union of Actors, he was one of Lithuania's most talented actors, both in comedy and drama.
The Swedish Union for Theatre, Artists and Media, (Swedish: Teaterförbundet or Teaterförbundet för scen och film ) is a Swedish trade union and professional association for professional practitioners of authors, artists, technicians, administrators and students in theater and film.
 The union was formed in 1894 and was originally called the Swedish Theatre Union.
 The current Chairman is Anna Carlson.
In social network analysis, the co-stardom network represents the collaboration graph of film actors i.e. movie stars.
 The co-stardom network can be represented by an undirected graph of nodes and links.
 Nodes correspond to the movie star actors and two nodes are linked if they co-starred (performed) in the same movie.
 The links are un-directed, and can be weighted or not depending on the goals of study.
 If the number of times two actors appeared in a movie is needed, links are assigned weights.
 The co-stardom network can also be represented by a bipartite graph where nodes are of two types: actors and movies.
 And edges connect different types of nodes (i.e. actors to movies) if they have a relationship (actors in a movie).
 Initially the network was found to have a small-world property.
 Afterwards, it was discovered that it exhibits a scale-free (power-law) behavior.
Spock is a fictional character in the "Star Trek" media franchise.
 Spock was first portrayed by Leonard Nimoy in the , and also appears in the , a two-part episode of "", eight of the "Star Trek" feature films, and numerous Star Trek novels, comics, and video games.
 In addition, numerous actors portrayed the various stages of Spock's rapid growth, due to the effects of the Genesis Planet, in the 1984 Star Trek film "".
 In the 2009 film "Star Trek", Nimoy reprised his role with Zachary Quinto, who depicted a younger version of the character, existing within an alternate timeline.
 Both reprised their roles in the 2013 sequel "Star Trek Into Darkness" and Quinto reprised his role again in 2016's "Star Trek Beyond".
The Nadigar Sangam (English: Actors' association ), officially known as the South Indian Artistes' Association (SIAA), is a union for film, television, and stage actors in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, based in Chennai.
 Formed in 1952, the group has a charitable trust fund to provide pension to retired actors, voiced support for actors caught in controversy, and have collectively protested socio-political issues.
A pornographic actor (or actress for female), or porn star, is a person who performs sex acts in film that is usually characterized as a pornographic film.
 Pornographic films tend to be made in a number of distinct pornographic subgenres and attempt to present a sexual fantasy and the actors selected for a particular role are primarily selected on their ability to create or fit that fantasy.
 Pornographic films are characterized as either "softcore", which does not contain depictions of sexual penetration or "extreme fetishism", and "hardcore", which can contain depictions of penetration or extreme fetishism, or both.
 The genres and sexual intensity of films is mainly determined by demand.
 Depending on the genre of the film, the on-screen appearance, age, and physical features of the main actors and their ability to create the sexual mood of the film is of critical importance.
 Most actors specialize in certain genres, such as lesbian sex, bondage, strap-on sex, anal sex, double penetration, semen swallowing, teenage women, interracial or MILFs.
 Irrespective of the genre, most actors are required to appear nude in pornographic films.
