Who Is That Mad Band?
 is the eighth studio album by The Process.
 Released in 2016, the album features many guest artists, including one of the final recordings of guitarist Dick Wagner, as well as appearances by dub music legend Adrian Sherwood, UK vocalist Ghetto Priest, former Asian Dub Foundation MC Lord Kimo, dub/blues artist Skip McDonald aka Little Axe, electronic music producer David Harrow and the voice of dub reggae legend Lee "Scratch" Perry.
In the Beginning (Circa 1960) is the first consolidated American packaging of the 1962 German album by Tony Sheridan and The Beatles (credited as The Beat Brothers), called "My Bonnie".
 "In the Beginning (Circa 1960)" was released by Polydor Records in 1970 (catalogue number 24-4504.)
 It was recorded in Hamburg in 1961.
 This album was originally released as "The Beatles' First" in Germany in 1964 and in the United Kingdom in 1967.
 Previous American releases of this material in LP form was split in 1964 between MGM Records and Atco Records.
 Polydor (which eventually absorbed MGM) established its United States branch in 1969 which explains why this package was released much later in The Beatles' history.
 Most of the tracks feature vocals by Sheridan.
 The album was released only four days before "Let It Be", The Beatles' final studio album.
 This is therefore the last Beatles compilation album released whilst the band were still releasing studio albums.
 All subsequent releases of Sheridan/Beatles/Beat Brothers material are simply repackages of the same tracks.
 This album is available in a slightly altered CD by Polydor without the inaccurate "(Circa 1960)" subtitle and with both parts of "Ya Ya".
 Only part one of that track was released on this LP.
 "In the Beginning (Circa 1960)" was also the only Beatles album not owned by EMI though Universal's purchase of Polydor and the Beatles' main catalogue put them under the same ownership.
Youth Dub is a bonus disc released in conjunction with Matisyahu's second studio album "Youth".
 Both discs were released on March 7, 2006.
 "Youth Dub" is included with some copies of "Youth" and is available as a limited edition, stand-alone album.
 Producer Bill Laswell made a King Tubby style dub remix of "Youth", adding effects and bringing to the fore the music of the backing band Roots Tonic rather than Matisyahu's vocals.
 Laswell was so impressed with the band that he invited them back into his studio and teamed up for an all-instrumental dub album, "Roots Tonic meets Bill Laswell".
Orgasm is John's Children's sole studio album, projected for release on 18 March 1967, and eventually released in September 1970.
 It was recorded (before Marc Bolan joined the band) at Advison Studios in London, England.
 Originally intended as a regular studio album, it was transformed into a fake "live" album by producer Simon Napier-Bell by dubbing audience screams lifted from The Beatles' movie "A Hard Day's Night".
Grand Guignol is the second full-length studio album released by John Zorn's band Naked City in 1992 on the Japanese Avant label.
 The album followed "Torture Garden", which was a compilation of "hardcore miniatures" from "Naked City" and "Grand Guignol".
 The album is notable for the inclusion of cover versions of pieces written by classical composers, the guest vocal of Bob Dorough, and also, like "Torture Garden", a selection of "hardcore miniatures" (tracks 9–41) which are intense, fast-tempo, brief compositions, which feature the wailing of Zorn's alto sax, and the screams of Yamatsuka Eye.
Peace Of Mind is the third studio album released by Rebelution, released through their own label 87 Music on January 10, 2012.
 The label, in partnership with Controlled Substance Sound Labs, simultaneously released two additional versions of the entire record as a multi-length triple album.
 Peace of Mind: Acoustic features all twelve original album tracks stripped down acoustic as well as Peace of Mind: Dub remixed by Easy Star’s Michael Goldwasser ("Dub Side of The Moon, Radiodread, Easy Star’s Lonely Hearts Dub Band").
 The album debuted at #13 on the Billboard top 200 charts, #1 Independent and #1 Reggae selling 16,000 copies its first week, despite giving away half the album free to their fans over the 6 weeks prior to release.
Cool Ruler is a 1978 studio album by Gregory Isaacs, his first released on the Virgin Records subsidiary Front Line.
 The Jamaican release was on Isaacs' African Museum imprint.
 The album was produced by Isaacs and mixed by Lancelot "Maxie" McKenzie at Channel One Studios in Kingston, Jamaica.
 Of the tracks on the album, "Let's Dance" had previously been released as a single.
 Some of the tracks on the album are considered among the best ever recorded by Isaacs, although the album failed to give him the international breakthrough that had been anticipated.
 The album title did, however, endure as Isaacs' nickname.
 "John Public" was also released as a single.
 The album formed the basis of the dub album "Slum in Dub", released the same year.
 "Cool Ruler" was reissued on compact disc by Virgin in 2000.
Black Board Jungle, often called Blackboard Jungle Dub, is a studio album by The Upsetters.
 The album, originally released in 1973 under artist name "Upsetters 14 Dub", was pressed in only 300 copies and only issued in Jamaica.
 It was one of the first dub albums.
 Later pressings released as "Blackboard Jungle Dub" have a different track listing.
 The album was re-issued as a 3x 10" colored vinyl box set as part of Record Store Day in April, 2012.
John's Children were a 1960s pop art/mod rock band from Leatherhead, England that briefly featured future T. Rex frontman Marc Bolan.
 John's Children were known for their outrageous live performances and were booted off a tour with The Who in Germany in 1967 when they upstaged the headliners.
 Their 1967 single "Desdemona", a Bolan composition, was banned by the BBC because of the controversial lyric, "Lift up your skirt and fly."
 Their US record label delayed the release of their album, "Orgasm" for four years from its recording date due to objections from Daughters of the American Revolution.
Rhythm Shower is a studio album by The Upsetters, released in 1973.
 Originally released in a very limited Jamaican pressing with no sleeve, it became better known when re-released by the Trojan label as part of its originally 3 LP, later 2-CD set "The Upsetter Collection", first issued in 1986.
 Many of the rhythms on the album will be familiar to Lee Perry fans; "Double Power" versions "Give Me Power" by the Stingers, "Lover Version" features Perry's production of Chenley Duffus covering William Bell's "I Forgot to Be Your Lover" (he later gifted the rhythm to Winston "Niney" Holness, who passed it on to producer A Folder who enjoyed massive success with cuts of it by Delroy Wilson, Augustus Pablo, Tommy McCook and Jah Lloyd in 1975 and 1976), "Connection" versions the "Space Flight" rhythm, and "Kuchy Skank" is an Augustus Pablo version to "Words of My Mouth" by Sangie Davis and the Gatherers.
 "Operation" is an early example of the then-experimental technique of cutting together parts of different backing tracks to create a single track - it opens with a different dub of "Give Me Power", which then segues into a dub of The Ethiopians "Love and Respect", then a dub of Junior Byles "Fever", ending with the bass melodica cut to "Give Me Power", released in its own right on 45 as "Tipper Special".
