The Serbo-Byzantine architectural style or Vardar architectural school (or "style"), is an ecclesiastical architectural style that flourished in the Serbian Late Middle Ages (ca. 1300–1389), during the reign of the Nemanjić dynasty.
 It was developed through fusing contemporary Byzantine architecture and the Raška architectural school to form a new style; by the mid-14th century the Serbian state had expanded to include southern Macedonia, Epirus and Thessaly up to the Aegean Sea.
 On these new territories Serbian art was even more influenced by the Byzantine art tradition.
 A typical Serbo-Byzantine church has a rectangular foundation, with a major dome in the center with smaller domes around the center one.
 Usually Serbo-Byzantine buildings are decorated with frescoes that depict biblical stories.
"Face-me-I-face-you" or "Face-to-face" is an informal term for a type of residential real estate in Nigeria, where a group of one- or two-room apartments have their entrances facing each other along a walkway, which leads to the main entrance of the apartment building.
 "Face-me-I-face-you" apartment buildings are a very common architectural style in major urban settlements in Nigeria; the flats are low rent and are commonly used by low-income Nigerian residents because of their affordability.
The Shelbyville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the core of Shelbyville, Illinois.
 The district includes 398 buildings, 293 of which are contributing buildings.
 The section of Shelbyville laid out at the city's founding in 1827 forms the center of the district.
 Shelbyville's public square, which includes the 1880 Shelby County Courthouse and a veterans' memorial, is the central feature of this part of the historic district.
 The original section of Shelbyville also includes significant commercial and government buildings.
 The district also includes Shelbyville's oldest residential areas, which developed out from the 1827 core.
 The Italianate style is the most prominent architectural style in the district, both in homes and commercial buildings; other common architectural styles include Greek Revival, Gothic Revival, Second Empire, and Queen Anne.
Głubczyce Town Hall - a Renaissance building in Głubczyce, Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship; in Poland.
 The first mention of a town hall in Głubczyce was in 1383, when a thirteenth-century townhouse was reconstructed into the town hall.
 The town hall's Renaissance architectural style structure and attic style was built in 1570.
 Reconstructions in the years of 1863-1864 and 1936, gave the building its Neo-Gothic architectural style.
 The town hall's decorative statues and towers were built in the nineteenth-century.
 The town hall was renovated in 2006, partly funded by the European Union.
The Modern Serbo-Byzantine architectural style, Neo-Byzantine architectural style or Serbian national architectural style is the style in Serbian architecture which lasted from the second half of the 19th century to the first half of the 20th century.
 This style originated in the tradition of medieval Serbian-Byzantine school and was part of international Neo-Byzantine style.
The International Style is the name of a major architectural style that is said to have emerged in the 1920s and 1930s, the formative decades of modern architecture, as first defined by Americans Henry-Russell Hitchcock and Philip Johnson in 1932, with an emphasis more on architectural style, form and aesthetics than the social aspects of the modern movement as emphasised in Europe.
 The term "International Style" first came into use via a 1932 exhibition curated by Hitchcock and Johnson, "Modern Architecture: International Exhibition", which declared and labelled the architecture of the early 20th century as the "International Style".
 The most common characteristics of International Style buildings are said to be: i. rectilinear forms; ii.
 light, taut plane surfaces that have been completely stripped of applied ornamentation and decoration; iii.
 open interior spaces; iv.
 a visually weightless quality engendered by the use of cantilever construction.
 Glass and steel, in combination with usually less visible reinforced concrete, are the characteristic materials of the construction.
The Very Reverend Philip Ruh, O.M.I. (born Philip Roux; 6 August 1883 – 24 October 1962) was Catholic priest and church architect.
 Although he was educated as a Belgian Oblate (Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate), he is remembered for his work in Canada with the Eastern Catholic Ukrainian Canadian community building over forty Byzantine Rite churches and several grottos in a unique architectural style that mixed Byzantine, Latin, and modern Canadian influences.
 The style is often called prairie cathedral, which is a common nickname for several of his churches, even though only two of them are properly cathedrals.
Jakarta Cathedral (Indonesian: Gereja Katedral Jakarta) is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in Jakarta, Indonesia, which is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Jakarta, currently Archbishop Ignatius Suharyo Hardjoatmodjo.
 Its official name is Gereja Santa Perawan Maria Diangkat Ke Surga (from Dutch, "De Kerk van Onze Lieve Vrouwe ten Hemelopneming", in English: The Church of Our Lady of Assumption).
 This current cathedral was consecrated in 1901 and built in the neo-gothic style, a common architectural style to build churches at that time.
 The Jakarta Cathedral is located in Central Jakarta near Merdeka Square and Merdeka Palace, it stands right in the front of the Istiqlal Mosque.
Italy has a very broad and diverse architectural style, which cannot be simply classified by period or region, due to Italy's division into several city-states until 1861.
 However, this has created a highly diverse and eclectic range in architectural designs.
 Italy is known for its considerable architectural achievements, such as the construction of arches, domes and similar structure during ancient Rome, the founding of the Renaissance architectural movement in the late-14th to 16th century, and being the homeland of Palladianism, a style of construction which inspired movements such as that of Neoclassical architecture, and influenced the designs which noblemen built their country houses all over the world, notably in the United Kingdom, Australia and the United States of America during the late-17th to early 20th centuries.
 Several of the finest works in Western architecture, such as the Colosseum, the Duomo of Milan, the Mole Antonelliana in Turin, Florence cathedral and the building designs of Venice are found in Italy.
 Italy has an estimated total of 100,000 monuments of all varieties (museums, palaces, buildings, statues, churches, art galleries, villas, fountains, historic houses and archaeological remains).
 Now Italy is in the forefront of modernist and sustainable design with Architects like Renzo Piano and Carlo Mollino.
A basilica is a type of building, usually a Christian church, that is typically rectangular with a central nave and aisles, usually with a slightly raised platform and an apse at one or both ends.
 In Europe and the Americas it is the most common architectural style for churches though this building plan has become less dominant in new buildings since the later 20th century.
 Today the term "basilica" is often used to refer to any large, ornate church building, especially Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox, even if it does not strictly follow this style.
