Instrumental Album: The Rising Tied is the debut instrumental studio album of hip hop ensemble Fort Minor, the side project by Linkin Park rapper Mike Shinoda.
 The album was released on January 1, 2005 through Warner Bros.
 Records and Shinoda's label Machine Shop Recordings.
 The album was released almost a year before the release of his debut studio album, "The Rising Tied".
 It failed to charts for several occasions.
"Welcome" is a song by American hip hop act Fort Minor, the side project of rock band Linkin Park's co-lead vocalist Mike Shinoda.
 Mike Shinoda released the song via the official Fort Minor site on June 21, 2015.
 Shinoda has stated the track is not part of a future album and is just meant as a single to be heard "right now".
 It is also the first release from Fort Minor since going on hiatus back in 2006.
Machine Shop Records is a record label founded by American rock band Linkin Park members Brad Delson and Mike Shinoda in 2001.
 The label is notable for releasing music in rock, hip hop, underground hip hop, alternative rock and nu metal music amongst other genres.
 The label is driven in joint by Shinoda and Delson under the mantra: "We are a think tank and a creative studio."
The Rising Tied is the debut studio album of hip hop ensemble Fort Minor, the side project by Linkin Park rapper Mike Shinoda.
 The album was released on November 22, 2005 through Warner Bros.
 Records and Shinoda's label Machine Shop Recordings. ""
 is the first and only instrumental studio debut album of Fort Minor, which contains no lyrics and guest appearances, with music written and composed by Shinoda.
Militia, also known as the Fort Minor Militia EP, is the debut extended play, which was released on November 22, 2006 via Machine Shop by Linkin Park co-vocalist Mike Shinoda for his well-known hip-hop-based side-project Fort Minor.
 The EP was the first official debut EP by Fort Minor, and it is produced by Machine Shop.
 Production was handled by Shinoda, and executive production was handled by Jay-Z, credited as Shawn Carter.
Styles of Beyond is an underground hip hop group from the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles, California.
 The group consists of MCs Ryan Patrick Maginn (Ryu) and Takbir Bashir (Tak), Colton Raisin Fisher (DJ Cheapshot), and producer Jason Rabinowitz (Vin Skully).
 They have released two LPs, one mixtape and were heavily featured on Mike Shinoda's Fort Minor project in 2005.
 At one point they were also signed to Shinoda's Machine Shop Recordings label, although they left the label in late 2008.
 They are also heavily associated with the underground rap group Demigodz which features similar underground artists such as Apathy, Celph Titled, and 7L & Esoteric.
"Invisible" is a song by American rock band Linkin Park.
 It was released from their seventh studio album "One More Light".
 The song was written by Mike Shinoda and Justin Parker.
 The song is sung by Mike Shinoda with Chester Bennington on backing vocals.
 The song premiered on May 10, 2017 at Zane Lowe's World Record show on Beats 1.
MTV VMA Score 2005 is a two-part soundtrack album for the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards.
 The score was written and produced by Mike Shinoda and Lil Jon.
 An EP was released on August 31, 2005 in support of the award function.
 The soundtrack was available for download on the website of MTV during 2005-2006, but the whole album was not available anywhere, so Shinoda released it separately for streaming on his official website on March 1, 2010.
The Raid: Redemption is a soundtrack/score album composed by Joseph Trapanese and Linkin Park's co-vocalist Mike Shinoda, who also serves as producer for the album, which was originally inspired from the 2012 live-action film "".
 The first official single from the album is "Razors Out" by Chino Moreno and Shinoda.
 The second single released for the film is "Suicide Music" by Get Busy Committee and Shinoda.
 The two singles were released as a double single on March 16, 2012.
Machine Shop co. (commonly called Machine Shop or Linkin Park Inc.) is an American entertainment company that provides itself as Venture Capital, event provider, supporter and lifestyle company.
 It was started as a music company by Linkin Park bandmates, Mike Shinoda and Brad Delson in December 2012, later-on as a Venture Capital in January 2015.
 It was established as a joint company of music companies, "Chesterchaz Publishing" by "Chester Bennington", "Big Bad Mr. Hahn Music" by "Brad Delson" and "Joe Hahn", "Nondisclosure Agreement Music" by "Dave Farrell", "Rob Bourdon Music" by "Rob Bourdon" and "Kenji Kobayashi Music" by "Mike Shinoda".
 In an independent study released on August 14, 2015, CB Insights, recognized "Machine Shop" as the seventh most invested company by any celebrity.
 The company reached the mark due to major investments in "Lyft", "Blue Bottle Coffee Company" and "Shyp".
