The Luther seal or Luther rose is a widely recognized symbol for Lutheranism.
 It was the seal that was designed for Martin Luther at the behest of John Frederick of Saxony in 1530, while Luther was staying at the Coburg Fortress during the Diet of Augsburg.
 Lazarus Spengler, to whom Luther wrote his interpretation below, sent Luther a drawing of this seal.
 Luther saw it as a compendium or expression of his theology and faith, which he used to authorize his correspondence.
 Luther informed Philipp Melanchthon on September 15, 1530, that the Prince had personally visited him in the Coburg fortress and presented him with a signet ring, presumably displaying the seal.
The Battle of Mühlberg was a large battle at Mühlberg in the Electorate of Saxony in 1547, during the Protestant Reformation.
 The Catholic princes of the Holy Roman Empire led by the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V decisively defeated the Lutheran Schmalkaldic League of Protestant princes under the command of Elector John Frederick I of Saxony and Landgrave Philip I of Hesse.
John Frederick Herring Sr. (12 September 1795 – 23 September 1865), also known as John Frederick Herring I, was a painter, sign maker and coachman in Victorian England.
 He painted the 1848 "Pharoah's Chariot Horses" ("archaic spelling "Pharoah"").
 He amended his signature "SR" (senior) in 1836, with the growing fame of his teenage son (1 of 4) John Frederick Herring Jr.
John Frederick II of Saxony (8 January 1529 – 19 May 1595), was Duke of Saxony (1554–1556).
The Capitulation of Wittenberg (German: "Wittenberger Kapitulation" ) was a treaty in 1547 by which John Frederick I, Elector of Saxony, was compelled to resign the electoral dignity.
 The Electorate of Saxony and most of his territory, including Wittenberg, passed from the elder, Ernestine line to the cadet branch, the Albertine line of the House of Wettin.
Amalie Marie Friederike Auguste (10 August 1794 – 18 September 1870), Princess of Saxony, full name Maria Amalia Friederike Augusta Karolina Ludovica Josepha Aloysia Anna Nepomucena Philippina Vincentia Franziska de Paula Franziska de Chantal, was a German composer writing under the pen name "A. Serena", and a dramatist under the name "Amalie Heiter".
 She was the daughter of Prince Maximilian of Saxony and Princess Carolina of Parma.
 She was the granddaughter of Frederick Christian, Elector of Saxony; niece of Frederick Augustus I, King of Saxony and Anthony, King of Saxony; sister of Frederick Augustus II, King of Saxony and John, King of Saxony; and aunt of Albert, King of Saxony and George, King of Saxony.
John Frederick Steinbruck (October 5, 1930 – March 1, 2015) is an ordained Lutheran minister who served for 28 years (1970–1997) as the senior pastor of Luther Place Memorial Church in Washington, D.C. Luther Place is an historic, red-stone church located at Thomas Circle, 1226 Vermont Avenue, N.W., in the heart of Washington's red-light district.
 Less than a mile from the White House, the church sits between the symbols of world power and some of the nation's worst urban blight.
 As spiritual leader of Luther Place and what is now known as N Street Village, a diverse consortium of shelters and services for homeless women and their families, Steinbruck became an articulate and passionate preacher of the Social Gospel and a leading voice locally and nationally for the homeless, Central American refugees, and the victims of persecution and prejudice.
Frederick III (17 January 1463 – 5 May 1525), also known as Frederick the Wise (German "Friedrich der Weise"), was Elector of Saxony (from the House of Wettin) from 1486-1525.
 Frederick was the son of Ernest, Elector of Saxony and his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Albert III, Duke of Bavaria.
 He is notable as being one of the most powerful early defenders of Martin Luther, Lutheranism and the Protestant Reformation although he had little personal contact with Luther himself.
 Fredericks' treasurer Degenhart Pfaffinger (Pfaffinger being a German dynasty), spoke on behalf of him to Martin Luther.
 Pfaffinger supported Frederick since the joint pilgrimage to the holy land.
 He is considered to have remained a Roman Catholic all his life, yet gradually inclining toward doctrines of the Reformation.
Paul Luther (28 January 1533 – 8 March 1593) was a German physician, medical chemist, and alchemist.
 He was the third son of the Protestant reformer Martin Luther and was successively physician to John Frederick II, Duke of Saxony; Joachim II Hector, Elector of Brandenburg; Augustus, Elector of Saxony and his successor Christian I.
 He taught alchemy to Anne of Denmark.
John Frederick Brill (died 1942) was an English soldier and painter who created the Bardia Mural.
 A photograph of John Brill painting his mother can be found here.
 On 1 July 1942, the Axis launched an attack with the target being the capture of Alexandria, which was to become known as the First battle of El Alamein.
 The allied forces fought hard and the line held until the evening of that day.
 It was also on that day that John Frederick Brill, who was a Private in the British Army, 5th Battalion of the East Yorkshire Regiment, died at the age of just 22.
 On 21 April 1942, some 9 weeks earlier he signed the Bardia Mural, which he is said to have created, depicting his memories of home.
 Some might say it depicts the memories of the world he would die to protect.
 He was buried at the El Alamein War Cemetery.
