Mohammed Shahid (born July 8, 1989) is an entrepreneur and a mixed martial artist from Bahrain.
 He is the CEO of KHK MMA and the President of the Bahrain based mixed martial arts organisation, Brave Combat Federation owned and supported by His Highness Sheikh Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa.
 Mohammed Shahid was the first mixed martial artist from Bahrain to compete in global MMA events.
 He was assigned a managerial role to develop mixed martial arts in Bahrain as the CEO of KHK MMA.
 Bahrain established a national team alongside bringing global talent to facilitate the growth of MMA in Bahrain.
Daniel Jeffery Henderson (born August 24, 1970) is an American former mixed martial artist and Olympic wrestler, who last competed as a middleweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 He was the last Strikeforce Light Heavyweight Champion and was the last Welterweight (80 kg ) and Middleweight (95 kg ) champion of Pride Fighting Championships.
 Additionally, Henderson was the Brazil Open '97 Tournament Champion, the UFC 17 Middleweight Tournament Champion, the Rings: King of Kings 1999 Tournament Champion and the Pride Weltwerweight Grand Prix Tournament Champion.
 During his career, Henderson also challenged for the UFC Middleweight Championship (2x), the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship and the Strikeforce Middleweight Championship.
 He was the first mixed martial artist to concurrently hold two titles in two different weight classes in a major MMA promotion.
 At the time of his retirement after UFC 204, he was the oldest fighter on the UFC roster.
 Known to be one of the greatest mixed martial artists of all time having defeated a total of seventeen MMA world champions across four major MMA promotions (UFC, PRIDE FC, Strikeforce, and RINGS).
Bertrand Amoussou-Guenou (born May 29, 1966) is a retired French mixed martial artist and judoka.
 He is a trainer for his younger brother Karl of "Team Amoussou" and, following official recognition of mixed martial arts in France, became the president of the national sanctioning body, the Commission National de Mixed Martial Arts, in January 2008.
 On 1 October 2013, Amoussou assumed the position of president of the International Mixed Martial Arts Federation (IMMAF).
Julien Kang (; born 11 April 1982) is a French television actor and model born in Saint Pierre and Miquelon, an overseas French territory off the coast of Canada, to a Korean father and a French mother.
 He is the younger brother of mixed martial artist Denis Kang.
Lee Hasdell (born 13 December 1966) is a British martial artist, promoter and former professional kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
 Hasdell is considered by many as a true pioneer of UK mixed martial arts, as he was the main driving force and innovator in the 1990s.
 Hasdell promoted the first professional Mixed martial arts events in the United Kingdom and has helped develop many of the standards within the British MMA scene of today.
Gongsun Gong (birth and death dates unknown) was a minor warlord who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty and early Three Kingdoms period of China.
 He was a son of Gongsun Du and a younger brother of Gongsun Kang, who both consecutively served as the Administrators of Liaodong Commandery in northeastern China.
 In 207, he advised his brother Gongsun Kang to execute the warlords Yuan Xi and Yuan Shang, who had fled to Liaodong Commandery for shelter after their defeat by the warlord Cao Cao.
 Gongsun Kang did so and sent the Yuans' heads to Cao Cao.
 After Gongsun Kang died, Gongsun Gong succeeded his brother as the new Administrator of Liaodong Commandery because Gongsun Kang's sons were too young at the time to assume the office.
 Gongsun Gong remained as a vassal of the Eastern Han dynasty and later pledged allegiance to the Cao Wei state, which replaced the Eastern Han dynasty in 220.
 In the same year, the Wei emperor Cao Pi granted Gongsun Gong the nominal appointment of General of Chariots and Cavalry (車騎將軍).
 In 228, Gongsun Yuan, Gongsun Kang's son, seized power from his uncle Gongsun Gong and put him in prison.
 Gongsun Yuan then started a rebellion against Wei, but the rebellion was suppressed by the Wei general Sima Yi in 238.
 Gongsun Gong was released after that.
 His eventual fate is unknown.
Andy Ologun (born June 12, 1983) is a Nigerian professional boxer, mixed martial artist, kickboxer and actor who has fought for K-1 and DREAM.
 He is the younger brother of Japanese TV personality, "gaikokujin tarento" and mixed martial artist, Bobby Ologun.
Joseph Edward Lauzon Jr. (born May 22, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist competing in the UFC's Lightweight division.
 He is tied with Nate Diaz as having the most post-fight bonus awards in UFC history.
 Joe's younger brother, Dan Lauzon, is also a mixed martial artist.
Micah Thomas Miller (born February 14, 1987) is an American mixed martial artist who trains out of Coconut Creek, Florida with American Top Team.
 He is the younger brother of mixed martial artist Cole Miller.
Jared Rosholt (born August 4, 1986) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division of the World Series of Fighting.
 A professional competitor since 2011, Rosholt has also competed for the UFC, Titan FC, and Legacy FC.
 He is the younger brother of former mixed martial artist Jake Rosholt.
