Valhalla is a large indoor dark ride at Pleasure Beach Blackpool in Lancashire, England.
 It was opened on 14 June 2000 at a cost of £15 million (equivalent to more than £23 million in 2015) - one of the most expensive water rides ever to be built - and is the longest indoor dark ride in the world.
 Both a dark ride and a water ride, Valhalla uses special effects which incorporate fire, water and snow.
Reese's Xtreme Cup Challenge (RXCC) is a current attraction which was installed in 2006 at Hersheypark, where it became the first competitive, interactive dark ride.
 It was built by Sally Corporation, a popular dark ride manufacturer.
 The ride experience theme is sports, and the building exterior is themed on the Hersheypark Arena which is directly behind, outside Hersheypark.
 This ride is not to be confused with the free Hershey's Chocolate World tour ride.
 The ride replaced a building which housed the park's first aid and ride department offices, as well as a practice skating rink.
Splash Mountain is a log flume dark ride at Disneyland, Tokyo Disneyland, and the Magic Kingdom at the Walt Disney World Resort, based on the characters, stories, and songs from the 1946 Disney film "Song of the South".
 Although there are variations in the story and features between the three locations, each installation begins with a peaceful outdoor float-through that leads to indoor dark ride segments, with a climactic steep drop into a "briar patch" followed by an indoor finale.
 The drop is 50 ft .
Mr. Toad's Wild Ride is a dark ride at Disneyland Park, also formerly located at the Magic Kingdom.
 Originally planned to be a roller coaster, it became a dark ride attraction because Walt Disney only wanted attractions that were appropriate for all ages.
 It is one of the few remaining attractions that was operational on the park's opening day in 1955 (although the current version of the ride opened in 1983).
 The ride's story is based on Disney's adaptation of "The Wind in the Willows" (1908), one of the two segments of the film "The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad" (1949).
 It is currently operating in Fantasyland.
Horizons was the name of a dark ride attraction at Epcot (then known as EPCOT Center), a theme park at Walt Disney World in Bay Lake, Florida.
 Located on the eastern side of the "Future World" section of Epcot, the attraction used Disney's Omnimover conveyance system, which took guests past show scenes depicting visions of the future.
 It is believed to be the sequel to Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress, an attraction in Tomorrowland at Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom.
 Horizons was the only attraction in "Future World" to showcase all of Epcot's "Future World" elements: communication, community interaction, energy, transportation, anatomy, physiology, along with man's relationship to the sea, land, air, and space.
 The attraction officially opened on October 1, 1983, as part of Phase II of Epcot.
 Horizons originally closed in December 1994, a little more than a year after General Electric had ended its sponsorship of the attraction.
 Horizons re-opened in December 1995 due to the closure of two other attractions that were down for refurbishment in "Future World", Universe of Energy and World of Motion.
 The attraction permanently closed on January 9, 1999, after which the attraction was dismantled and its structure demolished to make room for , a motion simulator thrill ride that opened on October 9, 2003.
Snow White's Scary Adventures is a dark ride at the Disneyland, Tokyo Disneyland, Disneyland Park (Paris) theme parks, and formerly the Magic Kingdom theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort.
 Located in Fantasyland, it is one of the few remaining attractions that was operational on Disneyland's opening day in 1955 (although the present version of the attraction opened in 1983).
 The ride was also one of the few rides that was operational since opening day in Walt Disney World Resort.
 The ride's story is based on Disney's 1937 film, "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", their first animated feature film.
Living with the Land (originally Listen to the Land) is a combined dark ride and greenhouse tour located within The Land pavilion which is part of Epcot theme park in Walt Disney World Resort at Lake Buena Vista, Florida.
 It is a slow-moving boat ride, which is part dark ride and part greenhouse tour.
 The focus of the ride is on agriculture, especially new technology to make agriculture more efficient and environmentally friendly.
It's a Small World (currently styled it's a small world) is a water-based dark ride located in the Fantasyland area at the various Walt Disney Parks and Resorts worldwide; these include: Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California, the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, Tokyo Disneyland, Disneyland Paris, and Hong Kong Disneyland.
 The ride features over 300 audio-animatronic children in traditional costumes from cultures around the world, frolicking in a spirit of international unity, and singing the attraction's title song, which has a theme of global peace.
Maelstrom was a log flume dark ride attraction located in the Epcot theme park at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida.
 Designed by Walt Disney Imagineering, the ride opened on July 5, 1988, in the Norway Pavilion of the park's World Showcase section.
 It was a mix between a log chute and a traditional film attraction.
 Visitors rode boats patterned after longships that passed through various scenes that featured audio-animatronic figures.
 The attraction was originally supposed to be called SeaVenture, with the entrance sign during construction even displaying it as such.
 But sometime between March 1988 and the ride's opening, it was changed to Maelstrom.
Voyage to the Crystal Grotto is a water-based dark ride that is currently operating at Shanghai Disneyland.
 The ride is the first ride to take riders inside a Disney castle and opened along with the rest of the park on June 16, 2016.
