Salvador Garcia Tampac (July 11, 1932 – January 1, 2008), better known by his screen name Cachupoy was a Filipino actor-comedian.
 His trademark is sporting hair that is parted in the middle.
 He was a mainstay of the "Magandang Tanghali" television program.
 He starred in films such as "Sa Kabukiran", "Sitak ni Jack", "Rangers in the Wrong War" (1987), "A Man Called Tolonges" (1981), and "Pitong James Bonds" (1966).
 He dresses up like Charlie Chaplin and wears almost the same wardrobe as Chaplin.
 One of our golden and famous actors/comedian during the early days of cinema in the Philippines.
 Though he never carried a stick, like Charlie Chaplin did, he distinctively acts like him.
 Cachupoy was also known in his performances with Serafin Gabriel (a.k.a. Apeng Daldal) and with Arturo Vergara Medina (a.k.a. Bentot).
A Countess from Hong Kong is a 1967 British comedy film written and directed by Charlie Chaplin and starring Marlon Brando, Sophia Loren, Tippi Hedren and Sydney Chaplin, Chaplin's third son.
 It was the last film directed, written, produced and scored by Chaplin, and one of two films Chaplin directed in which he did not play a major role (the other was 1923's "A Woman of Paris"), as well as his only color film.
 Chaplin's cameo marked his final screen appearance.
Hannah Chaplin, birth name Hannah Harriet Pedlingham Hill, stage name Lily Harley (6 August 1865 – 28 August 1928), was an English actress, singer and dancer who performed in British music halls from the age of 16.
 Chaplin was the mother of Charlie Chaplin and his two half-brothers, the actor Sydney Chaplin and the film director Wheeler Dryden and grandmother of musician Spencer Dryden.
 As a result of debilitating illness, now thought to be syphilis, she was unable to continue performing from the mid-1890s.
 In 1921, she was relocated by her son Charlie to California, where she was cared for in a house in the San Fernando Valley until her death in August 1928.
Modern Times is a 1936 silent comedy film written and directed by Charlie Chaplin in which his iconic Little Tramp character struggles to survive in the modern, industrialized world.
 The film is a comment on the desperate employment and financial conditions many people faced during the Great Depression, conditions created, in Chaplin's view, by the efficiencies of modern industrialization.
 The movie stars Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford and Chester Conklin.
The Chaplin Revue is a 1959 film comprising three silent films made by Charlie Chaplin.
 The three shorts included are "A Dog's Life", "Shoulder Arms", and "The Pilgrim".
 All three star Chaplin's trademark character, The Tramp.
 For the 1959 release, Chaplin added a soundtrack to help appeal to modern audiences.
 Chaplin also added extra footage including clips from World War I to express the context.
 He provides a personal introduction to each of the clips.
Richard Patrick Bennett OD, better known by the stage name Charlie Chaplin, is a Jamaican dancehall and ragga deejay and singer.
 It was common for Jamaican deejays of the era to name themselves after film stars or characters.
 Bennett, however, had been nicknamed after the comedian since his youth.
 His career began in 1980 when he began working with U-Roy's Stur-Gav Hi-Fi collective.
 He became extremely popular throughout Jamaica, memorable for his focus on cultural and social themes instead of the "slack" (rough, violent) lyrics that were popular at the time.
 His popularity as a live performer prompted Roy Cousins to produce some recording sessions with the young DJ.
 Chaplin's debut album was the Cousins-produced "Presenting Charlie Chaplin" in 1982, with several albums following for the producer over the next three years.
Mario Fortino Alfonso Moreno Reyes, known casually as Mario Moreno, and known professionally as Cantinflas (August 12, 1911 – April 20, 1993), was a Mexican comic film actor, producer, and screenwriter and an iconic figure in Mexico and Latin America.
 He often portrayed impoverished "campesinos" or a peasant of "pelado" origin.
 The character came to be associated with the national identity of Mexico, and allowed Cantinflas to establish a long, successful film career that included a foray into Hollywood.
 Charlie Chaplin once commented that he was the best comedian alive, and Moreno has been referred to as the "Charlie Chaplin of Mexico".
 To audiences in the United States, he is best remembered as co-starring with David Niven in the Academy Award winner for Best Picture film "Around the World in 80 Days", for which Moreno won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
Bruce Bilson (born May 19, 1928) is an American film and television director.
 He is the grandfather of actress Rachel Bilson.
 He is most notable for his work as a regular director on the popular spy spoof "Get Smart".
 He won the 1967-68 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for the third season Get Smart episode "Maxwell Smart, Private Eye".
Charlie: The Life and Art of Charles Chaplin is a 2003 American biographical documentary film written and directed by film critic Richard Schickel.
 The film explores the personal and professional life of the British actor, comedian and filmmaker, Charlie Chaplin, as well as his legacy and influence.
 It is narrated by Sydney Pollack along with many Hollywood personalities appearing in the film talking about Chaplin, including Robert Downey Jr., Norman Lloyd, Bill Irwin, Woody Allen, Johnny Depp, Richard Attenborough, Martin Scorsese, Miloš Forman, Marcel Marceau, David Raksin, Claire Bloom, David Thomson, Andrew Sarris, Jeanine Basinger and Chaplin's children Geraldine, Michael and Sydney Chaplin.
 The documentary also benefits from insight from key Chaplin biographers David Robinson and Jeffrey Vance.
Chaplin: The Musical, formerly titled Limelight: The Story of Charlie Chaplin, is a musical with music and lyrics by Christopher Curtis and a book by Curtis and Thomas Meehan.
 The show is based on the life of Charlie Chaplin.
 The musical, which started at the New York Musical Theatre Festival in 2006, debuted at the La Jolla Playhouse in 2010, and then premiered on Broadway in 2012.
