Islam: The Untold Story is a documentary film written and presented by the English novelist and popular historian Tom Holland.
 The documentary explores the origins of Islam, an Abrahamic religion that developed in Arabia in the 7th century; it criticizes the orthodox Islamic account of this history, claiming that it lacks sufficient supporting evidence.
 It was commissioned by the British television company Channel 4 and first broadcast in August 2012.
 Its release followed the publication of Holland's "In the Shadow of the Sword: The Battle for Global Empire and the End of the Ancient World" (2012), which also discussed the rise of the Arab Empire and the origins of Islam.
Tom Rasmussen is a retired member of the Seattle City Council, first elected in 2003.
 Between September 2004 and December 2007 he was chair of the Housing, Human Services & Health Committee, vice chair of the Urban Development & Planning Committee, and a member of the Transportation Committee.
 On January 7, 2008 Tom was sworn in for his second term on City Council.
 From January 2008 through December 2009, he was chair of the Parks & Seattle Center Committee, the vice chair of the Culture, Civil Rights, Health and Personnel Committee, and the Labor Policy Committee.
 He was also chair of the Transportation Committee, vice chair of the Economic Resiliency and Regional Relations, and a member of Parks and Seattle Center Committee.
Tom Holland (born 1936 in Seattle, Washington, United States) is an American visual artist.
 Holland is known for creating a style of art that may use fiberglass (or fibreglass), aluminum (or aluminium), epoxy paint, plywood, beads, oil paint, palette knives, marble, copper, paper, and clay.
 For clay he uses watercolor, acrylic urethane, and ceramic glazes.
In the Shadow of the Sword is a history book charting the origins of Islam.
 The author, Tom Holland, had previously written two works on ancient history: "", which charted the fall of the Roman Republic, and "Persian Fire", which is an account of the Greco-Persian Wars during the 5th century BC.
 According to Holland, "To understand the origins of Islam, and why it evolved in the way that it did, we must explore the empires and religions of late antiquity".
Apnalaya, "Our Space" in English, is a non-profit organization, founded in 1973 by Tom Holland, who was then the Australian Consul General in Bombay.
 At that time it was called Holland Welfare Centre, which was a day care centre for labourer's children in Nariman Point, the place where National Centre for the Performing Arts (NCPA) stands today.
Tom Holland (born July 23, 1961) is a Democratic member of the Kansas Senate, representing the 3rd District since 2009.
 He was a member of the Kansas House of Representatives from 2003 to 2008.
Thinner (marketed as Stephen King's Thinner) is a 1996 American body horror film directed by Tom Holland and written by Michael McDowell and Holland.
 The film is based on the Stephen King novel of the same name and stars Robert John Burke, Joe Mantegna, Lucinda Jenney, Michael Constantine, Kari Wührer and Bethany Joy Lenz.
Class of 1984 is a 1982 Canadian-American action crime thriller film directed by Mark Lester and co-written by Tom Holland and John Saxton based on a story by Holland.
 The film stars Perry King, Merrie Lynn Ross, Timothy Van Patten, Stefan Arngrim, Michael J. Fox (credited as Michael Fox in an early role shortly before his breakthrough on the TV series "Family Ties"), and Roddy McDowall.
The 2010 Kansas gubernatorial election was held on November 2, 2010.
 Incumbent Governor Mark Parkinson, who assumed office when previous Governor Kathleen Sebelius was sworn in as the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services on April 28, 2009, declined to seek election to a full term.
 United States Senator Sam Brownback, who unsuccessfully ran for president in 2008, emerged as the Republican nominee, facing off against Democratic State Senator Tom Holland, who was unopposed for his party's nomination.
 Owing to the large amount of popularity that he had accumulated during his tenure in the United States Senate, Brownback defeated Holland in a landslide to become the 46th Governor of Kansas.
Twisted Tales (also known as Tom Holland’s Twisted Tales) is a 2013 webseries that was written and directed by American director Tom Holland.
 The series was released in late 2013 through Fearnet's website and was released onto DVD on March 18, 2014 through Image Entertainment.
