Gary L. Tooker was the CEO of Motorola from 1993 to 1995.
 He became CEO after George M. C. Fisher left for Eastman Kodak.
 Prior to becoming CEO, Tooker was president and chief operating officer.
 After becoming CEO, Christopher Galvin became the chief operating officer in place of Tooker until 1995, when he replaced Tooker as CEO.
 Since 2000, he has been an independent consultant.
The President is a leader of an organization, company, community, club, trade union, university or other group.
 In many organizations, it is the legally recognized highest "titled" corporate officer, ranking above the various Vice Presidents (e.g. Senior Vice President and Executive Vice President).
 The president may also be the chairperson.
 The relationship between the president and the Chief Executive Officer varies, depending on the structure of the specific organization.
 In a similar vein to the Chief Operating Officer, the title of corporate President as a separate position (as opposed to being combined with a "C-Suite" designation, such as "President and Chief Executive Officer" or "President and Chief Operating Officer") is also loosely defined.
 The powers of the president vary widely across organizations and such powers come from specific authorization in the bylaws (e.g. the president can make an "executive decision" only if the bylaws allow for it).
Kenneth "Ken" Gile (born 1947) is the Chief Operating Officer of Flydubai, the low-cost carrier owned by the Dubai government.
 Prior to joining Flydubai, Ken was the President and COO of now defunct Skybus Airlines and a former pilot and Director of Operations for Southwest Airlines.
 Ken was also a pilot in the US Air Force, as well as for Saudi Arabian Airlines prior to his career with Southwest.
Ronald (Ron) E. Logue is the former Chairman of the Board of State Street Corporation (), formerly Chief Executive Officer as Jay Hooley assumed that title March 1, 2010 in addition to his role as President.
 Logue was appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 2004.
 Prior to that he held a number of leadership positions at State Street.
 Logue joined the company in 1990 as Senior Vice President and head of the investment servicing for US mutual funds.
 He was named Chief Operating Officer in 2000 and President in 2001.
 As President and Chief Operating Officer, Logue was responsible for overseeing State Street's investment servicing, securities and investment research and trading activities, as well as information technology.
 During his presidency, he led the highly successful integration of the Deutsche Bank's Global Securities Services business, acquired in January 2003.
Jim Lentz is the chief executive officer for Toyota North America; president and chief operating officer of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. (TMA); and a senior managing officer of the parent company Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) which is located in Japan.
 In that role Lentz manages all of Toyota’s North American affiliate companies which include TMA, Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS), and Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing, North America, Inc. (TEMA), which includes responsibilities for Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada Inc. (TMMC), and oversight for Toyota Canada, Inc. (TCI).
 Lentz also serves as the chairman of the North American Executive Committee.
 This is composed of the top leaders from the affiliate companies.
 Most recently Lentz was the president and chief executive officer of TMS and senior vice president of TMA and served in a global advisory capacity as the managing officer for TMC.
 Before that he served as president and chief operating officer and executive vice president of TMS.
 Lentz previously held several executive positions including Toyota division group vice president and general manager where he oversaw all sales, logistics and marketing activities for Toyota and Scion regional sales offices and distributors.
 He also served as the group vice president of marketing for the Toyota division and vice president of Scion, and was responsible for the initial launch of a new line of vehicles.
 Lentz spent several years in the field as vice president and general manager of the Los Angeles region and before that general manager of the San Francisco region.
 Prior to his role as general manager Lentz was vice president of marketing services for CAT in Maryland.
 He has also held several other TMS positions, including field training manager, sales administration manager and truck sales team member.
 Lentz joined Toyota in 1982 as the merchandising manager for its Portland, Oregon region where he later became the distribution manager and field operations manager.
 He serves as chairman on the board of directors of The Global Automakers and is also a member of the executive advisory board for Daniels College of Business at the University of Denver (DU), his alma mater.
 He was named “Marketer of the Year” by Advertising Age in 2006, an Automotive News “All Star” in 2007 and honored at Industry Leader of the year.
Carole Post is the Deputy Chief Operating Officer of USF Health at the University of South Florida.
 She was formerly the Executive Vice President at New York Law School and serves as the school's Chief Operating Officer and first Chief Strategy Officer.
 Before her tenure at New York Law School, she served as the Commissioner of the New York City Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DoITT) and New York City's Chief Information Officer (CIO).
 She was appointed by Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg on December 30, 2009 and assumed the official position on January 19, 2010.
 She is the first woman to have held this office at the City of New York.
 Post modernized New York City government practices and infrastructure to advance open government and improve services to the public.
Hlaudi Motsoeneng served as the acting Chief operating officer of the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) from 2011 to 2013.
 Motsoeneng was removed from his position as Chief operating officer after it had been found that he lied about his qualifications.
 After being removed as acting Chief operating officer it was announced that Motsoeneng would move back to his previous position as Group Executive Editor of Provinces and Corporate Affairs of the SABC.
 In December 2016, the Western Cape High Court ruled that Motsoeneng’s appointment as Group Executive was illegal and that he was “not entitled to occupy any position at the SABC”.
Michael J. Lotz is President and Chief Operating Officer of Mesa Air Group, joining the Company in July 1998.
 In January 1999, Mr. Lotz became Chief Operating Officer.
 In August 1999, Mr. Lotz became the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and in January 2000 returned to the position of Chief Operating Officer.
 On June 22, 2000, Mr. Lotz was appointed President of the Company.
 Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lotz served as Chief Operating Officer of Virgin Express, a position he held from October 1996 to June 1998.
 Previously, Mr. Lotz was employed by Continental Airlines, most recently as Vice President of Airport Operations, Properties and Facilities at Continental Express.
.
Glen F. Post III (born October 4, 1952) is the chief executive officer and president of CenturyLink, an S&P 500 integrated communications service provider based out of Monroe, Louisiana.
 He earned a bachelor's degree in accounting in 1974 at Louisiana Tech University and an MBA in 1976 at Louisiana Tech.
 Post joined CenturyTel in 1976.
 He was named vice president in 1982 and was promoted to senior vice president and treasurer in 1984.
 He was appointed to the CenturyTel board of directors in 1985, and the following year he was promoted to senior vice president and chief financial officer.
 In 1988 Post was named executive vice president and chief operating officer.
 He became the president and chief operating officer of CenturyTel in 1990.
 In 1992 Post was named vice chairman of the board, president, and chief executive officer.
 In 2002 he was appointed chairman of the board and chief executive officer.
 Since 2009 Post has served as chief executive officer and president of CenturyLink.
 His honors include: Louisiana Tech College of Administration and Business Distinguished Alumni in 1991, Louisiana Tech University Tower Medallion Award in 1997 and DeGree Enterprises Lifetime Achievement Award in Business 2003.
David O'Sullivan (born 1953) is an Irish civil servant who serves as the Ambassador of the European Union to the United States and the Head of the Delegation of the European Union to the United States.
 Prior to his post in the United States, he was the chief operating officer of the European Union's diplomatic corps, the European External Action Service (EEAS).
 He has held a number of high level positions including Head of Cabinet to Romano Prodi and Secretary-General of the European Commission between June 2000 and November 2005.
 In 2010 he was appointed as Director General for Relex with the responsibility of setting up the EEAS and was appointed the Chief Operating Officer on 1 January 2011.
