The Open Féminin de Marseille (previously known as Open GDF Suez de Marseille) is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts.
 The event is classified as a $100,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament.
 It has been held annually in Marseille, France, since 1997 (with the exception of 1998).
 The name was changed from Open GDF Suez de Marseille to Open Féminin de Marseille in 2013.
Groupe sportif Consolat (sometimes referred to as Marseille Consolat) is a French amateur football club founded in 1964 and based in the Bouches-du-Rhone department of Marseille.
 The club is named after Consolat, a neighborhood located in La Calade, in the 15th arrondissement, north of Marseille.
 Founded in 1964 by the residents of Consolat, the club has been run by current club president Jean-Luc Mingallon since 1983.
 Mingallon pushed the team to success which has led to their promotion from the Division d’Honneur in 1999.
 In 2006, the club reached the national amateur level of football with its promotion to CFA2.
 This promotion sparked new derbies with the reserve team of Olympique de Marseille and US Endoume.
 The desire to become “the second club of Marseille” was one step closer with the promotion to the CFA in 2011.
 Consolat won the CFA title in 2014, earning promotion to the Championnat National, the third tier of French football.
 They nearly were promoted to Ligue 2 during the 2015-2016 season, falling short only by a single point behind Amiens SC.
 They again missed out on possible promotion in the following season, finishing behind division rivals Paris FC due only to goal differential.
The 2014–15 Olympique de Marseille season is the 65th professional season of the club since its creation in 1899 and 19th consecutive season in the top flight.
The 2016–17 Olympique de Marseille season is the 67th professional season of the club since its creation in 1899 and 21st consecutive season in the top flight.
Olympique de Marseille almost won the French League for the first time in 11 years, having a remarkable run to third place, having only scored five goals more than it conceded.
 The most praised player was central defender Daniel Van Buyten, who was able to tighten up the defence, and also helping out with scoring several important goals.
 Without Marseille's goalscoring woes, it could have sustained a more serious title assault.
 Therefore it signed late-blooming starlet Didier Drogba from En Avant Guingamp, a move that was set to be among the best financial deals in the clubs' history.
The Coupe de France Final 2007 was a football match held at Stade de France, Saint-Denis on May 12, 2007, that saw FC Sochaux-Montbéliard defeat Olympique de Marseille in a penalty shoot out.
 After normal time and extra-time could not separate the two sides, the match was to be decided on penalty kicks.
 Toifilou Maoulida and Ronald Zubar' miss for Olympique de Marseille, whereas only FC Sochaux-Montbéliard's captain, Jérémie Bréchet missed for the winning team.
Olympique de Marseille Féminin (] ; commonly referred to as Olympique de Marseille, Marseille, or simply l'OM ] , ] ) is a French women's football club based in Marseille.
 The club has been the female section of Olympique de Marseille since 2011.
The Choc des Olympiques ("Clash of the Olympics") is the name of the football local derby between two major teams in French football with "Olympique" in its names – Olympique Lyonnais and Olympique de Marseille.
 The French major football broadcaster Canal+ calls this game "Olympico" referring also to El Clásico.
 It specifically refers to individual matches between the teams.
 Unlike Le Classique, the rivalry has no bad blood within it and, instead, stems from the competitiveness of the each club's players, managers, supporters, and presidential hierarchy.
 The rivalry is often cited as being particularly important as both clubs are of high standard in French football and the championship is regularly decided between the two.
 Marseille and Lyon (along with Saint-Étienne and Paris Saint-Germain F.C.) are the only French clubs to have won the French first division four straight times with Marseille doing it on two occasions.
The 2015–16 Olympique de Marseille season is the 66th professional season of the club since its creation in 1899 and 20th consecutive season in the top flight.
Olympique de Marseille (] , ] ); also known as l'OM (] , ] ) or simply Marseille; is a French football club in Marseille.
