Witness is the second full-length studio album by Blessthefall.
 It was released on October 6, 2009, through Fearless Records.
 It is the band's first album with Beau Bokan on lead vocals and final album with original guitarist Mike Frisby.
 The album was co-produced with There for Tomorrow drummer, Christopher Kamrada.
 This album includes a post-metal entrance, 2.0, and some songs without any screams or death growls.
Awakening is the third full-length studio album by Blessthefall.
 It was released on October 4, 2011, through Fearless Records.
 It is the band's second album with singer Beau Bokan and first album with rhythm guitarist Elliott Gruenberg after the departure of Mike Frisby.
 The album was produced by Michael "Elvis" Baskette, producer of the second album, "Witness".
 On September 12, the song "40 Days..." was released on the IGN site.
 It debuted at No. 32 on the "Billboard" 200, selling over 11,290 copies in its first week.
 In Canada, the album debuted at No. 88 on the Canadian Albums Chart.
 Like "Witness", the album features a few songs "without" harsh screaming or death growls.
His Last Walk is the debut full-length album by American post-hardcore band Blessthefall, released April 10, 2007.
 It is the only release by the band to feature original vocalist, Craig Mabbitt, who would later be replaced by Beau Bokan.
 The album was released before Blessthefall started to play on the Taste of Chaos tour.
 Four singles were released for the album: "Higinia", "Guys Like You Make Us Look Bad", "A Message to the Unknown", and "Rise Up."
 The last song, "His Last Walk", features a bonus song (at the end of the same track) called "Purple Dog", which is a joke song made by the band members in which all members sing the song and clap their hands.
"If She Would Have Been Faithful... " is a song written by Steve Kipner and Randy Goodrum for the group Chicago and recorded for their album "Chicago 18" (1986), with Jason Scheff singing lead vocals.
 The third single released from that album, it was a Top 10 adult contemporary hit and also reached #17 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
"What Kind of Man Would I Be?"
 is a song written by Jason Scheff, Chas Sandford and Bobby Caldwell and recorded by the band Chicago for their 1988 album "Chicago 19" and 1989 album "Greatest Hits 1982–1989".
 Scheff sang the lead vocals.
Hollow Bodies is the fourth studio album by American metalcore band Blessthefall.
 It was released on August 20, 2013 through Fearless Records and produced by Joey Sturgis.
 It is the third album to include lead singer Beau Bokan, second album to include rhythm guitarist, Elliott Gruenberg and the first to include the same members in consecutive albums.
Take the Crown was a post-hardcore band from Huntington Beach, California.
 The original lineup included vocalist Beau Bokan, guitarist Nick Coffey, guitarist Tony Gonzalez, bassist James Campbell, and keyboardist Ryan Wilson.
 The band began recording demos in 2004 with friend Chris Sorenson of Saosin; he would later produce their self-released debut EP, "Let the Games Begin", in 2006.
 The band signed to Rise in 2007 and released their follow up full-length album, "Relapse React", May 13, 2008.
 They announced their disbandment on September 25, 2008, which was due to the departure of James Campbell and Tony Gonzalez, lack of management, and financial burdens.
Beau Mark Bokan (born November 30, 1981) is an American musician and singer.
 He is best known as the lead vocalist and keyboardist of Blessthefall, and the former vocalist of Take the Crown.
 Bokan runs his own clothing line titled "Golden Hearts Shine Forever" which was launched in March 2011.
 Bokan is Roman Catholic.
Blessthefall (stylized as blessthefall or BLESSTHEFALL prior to 2013) is an American metalcore band from Scottsdale, Arizona, signed to Fearless Records.
 The band was founded in 2004 by guitarist Mike Frisby, drummer Matt Traynor, and bassist Jared Warth.
 Their debut album, "His Last Walk", with original vocalist Craig Mabbitt, was released April 10, 2007.
 Their second studio album, "Witness", with current vocalist Beau Bokan, was released October 6, 2009.
 Their third studio album, "Awakening", was released on October 4, 2011.
 Their fourth studio album, "Hollow Bodies", was released on August 20, 2013. "
To Those Left Behind" is the band's fifth full-length album, released on September 18, 2015.
Chauncy is the 1996 debut solo album by singer/songwriter/bassist Jason Scheff.
 Scheff is probably best known as a member of the band Chicago, where he has been the bassist and a lead singer since 1985.
 It also featured the only officially available recording of his 1993 co-composition "Mah Jongg" prior to the release of the original Chicago recording in 2008.
