International Musician and Recording World was a magazine in production from 1974 to 1991.
 It was jointly created by Ray Hammond and Richard Desmond and published by Northern & Shell.
 As it expanded, separate editions were created for the United States, Europe, Australia, and Japan.
 The magazine eventually folded due to lack of advertising funds.
Vogue India is the Indian edition of the monthly fashion and lifestyle magazine called "Vogue".
 It is the 17th international edition of "Vogue" and the first edition in South Asia.
 "Vogue India" is published by Condé Nast India Pvt. Ltd., a 100% owned subsidiary of Condé Nast International.
 "Vogue India" was the first magazine released in India that is 100% foreign owned.
 Condé Nast India is based in Mumbai and also has an office in New Delhi.
Eliza Cummings (born 25 January 1991) is an English model.
 Cummings has appeared on covers of Dazed & Confused, i-D, Sunday Times Style Magazine and Vogue Italia and has appeared in editorials for Dazed & Confused, i-D, Interview, Sunday Times Style Magazine, V magazine, Vogue, Vogue Italia, Vogue Japan, Vogue UK and W Magazine.
 She has appeared in campaigns for many brands including Balenciaga, Calvin Klein, Coach, Costume National, Juicy Couture, Paul Smith, River Island, Top Shop, Vivienne Westwood and Uniqlo.
 Cummings starred in a TV commercial for Yves Saint Laurent's men's fragrance YSL L'Homme de Nuit with Vincent Cassel.
 She has walked in fashion shows for Anna Sui, Custo Barcelona, DKNY, Lanvin for H & M, Katie Grand Loves Hogan, Jeremy Scott, Loewe, Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs, Mark Fast, Oscar de la Renta, Rag & bone, Rodarte and Vivienne Westwood.
The British edition of the fashion magazine "Vogue" has been published since autumn 1916.
 Its current editor stated that, “"Vogue"’s power is universally acknowledged.
 It’s the place everybody wants to be if they want to be in the world of fashion" and 85% of the magazine’s readers agree that “"Vogue" is the Fashion Bible”.
 The magazine is considered to be one that links fashion to high society and class, teaching its readers how to ‘assume a distinctively chic and modern appearance’.
 As a branch-off of American "Vogue", British "Vogue" is a magazine whose success is based upon its advertising rather than its sales revenue.
 In 2007, it ran 2,020 pages of advertising at an average of £16,000 a page.
 It is deemed to be more commercial than other editions of "Vogue."
 British "Vogue" is the most profitable British magazine as well as the most profitable edition of "Vogue" besides the US and China editions.
Local iQ was a free arts, culture, and entertainment biweekly magazine published in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
 It featured information about various artists, celebrities, and entertainers within New Mexico's largest city, and was distributed to subscribers across New Mexico's largest markets.
 Its coverage spanned art, fashion, entertainment, design, food, architecture, travel and more.
 Francine Maher Hopper is the founder and the publisher.
 Launched as a quarterly in 2006, the magazine eventually stopped being printed in 2014.
 Their website continues to publish new articles.
The Persian Tarbiyat (Persian: تربيت; DMG: Tarbīyat; English: "Education") was the first non-governmental newspaper in Iran.
 It was founded in Teheran by Mirza Mohammad Hosseyn Foroughi, also known as Zaka-al Molk, in 1896 and was published until 1907.
 For Foroughi, who was a poet and also worked as a translator for Naser al-Din Shah, the acquisition of modern sciences was of decisive importance for the development of the country and its society.
 Contrary to the common perception of traditional education and science, he wanted to contribute to the modernisation of the Iranian society by publishing this journal.
 The publication history of the nine years with a total of 434 issues varied between daily, weekly and monthly publications.
 The articles deal with topics such as history and geography but also with medical and other scientific subjects.
 Particularly due to its literary focus and the publication of numerous translations the journal was a literary pioneer of that time.
Movieline is a website, formerly a Los Angeles–based film and entertainment magazine, started in 1985 as a local magazine, which went national in 1989.
 Known for its cult status and popularity among film critics, the magazine eventually was retooled and named Movieline's Hollywood Life.
 The magazine closed in 2009.
Lisa Butler is a prominent make-up artist in the fashion industry.
 She regularly works on advertising campaigns, catwalk shows, fashion films, and editorials.
 She is responsible for the execution and design of make-up looks that appear on the covers and in editorials of publications like "Vogue Paris, American Vogue, Vogue Italia, Vogue Nippon, Vogue UK, Arena Homme +, i-D, Numéro, Harper’s Bazaar, W Magazine", and "V Magazine".
 Butler has also contributed to developing H&M's new cosmetics line, & Other Stories.
Hamza Aktan is a Kurdish journalist and writer.
 He was born in Hakkari's Gever (Yuksekova) district, Turkey in 1983, graduated from Yuksekova Lisesi, later studied journalism in Istanbul at Marmara University and law at Cyprus' Near East University.
 He is the author of a book titled "Kürt Vatandaş" (The Kurdish Citizen).
 He has worked for several Turkish daily, weekly or monthly publications including "Bianet", "Birgun", "Post Express", "Nokta", "Yeni Safak, Toplumsal Tarih" and "IMC TV" as correspondent, editor and lastly as news director.
 He also has contributed to some other Turkish publications including "Birikim, haysiyet.com, Radikal".
A pennysaver (or free ads paper, Friday Ad or shopper) is a kind of free community periodical available in North America (typically weekly or monthly publications) that advertises items for sale.
 Frequently pennysavers are actually called The Pennysaver (variants include Penny Saver, Penny-saver, PennySaver).
 It usually contains classified ads grouped into categories.
 Many pennysavers also offer local news and entertainment, as well as generic advice information, various syndicated or locally written columns on various topics of interest, limited comics and primetime TV listings.
