Vladimir Ivanovich Zakharov (born 18 October 1961 in Grodno) is a Belarusian guitarist, composer and music teacher.
 In 1981 he graduated from the Grodno School of Music and in 1991 from the Belarusian State Conservatory.
 In 1992 he received a Diploma at the VII International Guitar Competition in Kraków and in 1993 won the VII International Guitar Competition in Gdańsk.
 He has participated in numerous festivals in Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.
 His guitar works are included in the current curriculum for Belarusian music schools.
 He is also the author of numerous transcriptions and arrangements of guitar, piano, choral and vocal pieces.
 He was awarded the Medal of the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Belarus for his contribution to Belarusian culture (1999), prize of the Grodno City Executive Committee "For his creative achievements and personal contribution to the cultural development of the city" (2001).
 Currently he teaches guitar at the Grodno State College of Music, a branch of the Belarusian State Academy of Music, and at the Hrodna State University.
Belarusian State Medical University (educational establishment “Belarusian State Medical University” – BSMU; Belarusian language: установа адукацыi Belarusian: Беларускі дзяржаўны медыцынскі універсітэт — БДМУ) is a university in Minsk, Belarus.
 It specialises in Medicine and Dentistry.
 In 1921 it became affiliated with the Medicine Department of the Belarusian State University.
 In 1930 it became a separate university, the "Belarusian Medical Institute".
Siberian State Technological University is the oldest university in Krasnoyarsk, Russia.
 It was established in 1930 as the Siberian Institute of Forest (Сибирский лесотехнический институт).
 Later it was known as the Siberian Technical Institute of Forest (Сибирский лесотехнический институт) (renamed 1933), Siberian Technological Institute (Сибирский технологический институт) (renamed 1958), Krasnoyarsk State Technological Academy (Красноярская государственная технологическая академия) (renamed 1994) and finally the Siberian State Technological University (renamed 1997).
Belarusian State Technological University (Russian: Белорусский государственный технологический университет ; Belarusian: Беларускі Дзяржаўны Тэхналагічны Універсітэт ) is a University in Minsk, Belarus specialized in engineering and technology.
 It was established in Gomel in 1930 as the Forestry Institute.
 In 1941, it was evacuated to Sverdlovsk, now Yekaterinburg.
 Returned to Gomel in 1944, but in 1946 relocated to Minsk as the Belarusian Institute of Technology.
 Upgraded to university level in 1993.
 Currently has 9 departments.
"Belgorod State Technological University named after V.G.Shukhov(BSTU)" (Russian: Белгородский государственный технологический университет им.
 В.
 Г.
 Шухова (БГТУ им.
 В.
 Г.
 Шухова)) is the largest russian university with specialization in the field of the construction materials.
 It trains experts for the construction industry and for many other fields.
Moscow State Technological University “Stankin“ (MSTU Stankin) (Russian: Московский Государственный Технологический Университет «Станкин» ) (previously Moscow State Technological Institute STANKIN or Moscow Machine-Instrument Institute) is one of the leading Russian technical institutes founded in 1930.
 STANKIN is an abbreviation from Stanko-Instrumentalniy, what means machines and instruments.
 Today STANKIN trains specialists in much more areas than machinery.
Nil Hilevich (Belarusian: "Ніл Гілевіч", "Nil Hilevič" Russian: Nil Gilevich ) (September 30, 1931 – March 29, 2016) was a Belarusian poet, a professor in the Belarusian State University, the author of more than 80 books of poetry, publications, and translations, and one of the founders of the Frantsishak Skaryna Belarusian Language Society.
The Belarusian State Academy of Arts (Belarusian: Беларуская дзяржаўная акадэмія мастацтваў Russian: Белорусская государственная академия искусств) is a state-owned institution of higher education in Minsk, Belarus.
 The Belarusian State Academy of Arts has status as a leading institution of the national system of art and cultural education alongside the Belarusian State Academy of Music and the Belarusian State University of Culture and the Arts.
Yuri Puntus (Belarusian: Юры Іосіфавіч Пунтус ; Russian: Юрий Иосифович Пунтус ) (born 8 October 1960) is a Soviet football player and a Belarusian football coach.
 He quit playing football in 1987 because of an injury.
 Graduated from two universities: Belarusian Technological Institute (specialty – mechanical engineer) in 1983 and Belarusian State University of Physical Training in 1996.
Kuban State Technological University (Russian: "Кубанский государственный технологический университет"), also referred to as the Kuban State University of Technology, located in Krasnodar, is one of the first higher educational institutions established in the southern region of Russia.
 It was founded on 16 June 1918 as North-Caucasian Polytechnic Institute.
 Professor Boris Lvovich Rosing, a worldwide known physicist, the inventor of the electronic television, was one of the founders of the University.
