Khunyang Chhish or Kunyang Chhish (Urdu: ‎ )is the second-highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram mountains of Pakistan.
 Alternate variations of the name include Kunyang Kish and Khiangyang Kish, among others.
 Its height, also sometimes given as 7823 m , is ranked 21st in the world and 8th in Pakistan.
Hisper Valley is the last village of Nagar Valley in Pakistan, and is about 28 km from the main town of Nagar Valley.
 It is the camping site for the adventurers who are interested in trekking over the Biafo Glacier, from Nagar to Skardu and those seeking to climb Pumari Chhish or Kunyang Chhish will go through this village.
 This village consist of 150 houses and visitors can see the Hisper Glacier from this village.
Skyang Kangri (Urdu: ‎ ), or Staircase Peak, is a high peak of the Baltoro Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range.
 It lies on the Pakistan-China border, about 7 km northeast of K2, the world's second-highest mountain.
 The name "Staircase Peak" refers to the East Ridge, which resembles a giant staircase with five steps.
Sherpi Kangri is a mountain peak in the Karakoram Range.
 It lies five km south of Ghent Kangri (7,380 m) and ten km northwest of Saltoro Kangri (7,742 m).
Baltoro Kangri (Urdu: بلتورو کنگری‎ ; also known as the Golden Throne) is a mountain of the Karakoram mountain range in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
 Baltoro Kangri is the 82nd highest mountain in the world with an elevation of 7312 m .
 It lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak (7,665 m).
 The huge Baltoro Glacier (which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions) rises from the foot of Baltoro Kangri.
 In the north of Baltoro Kangri is the Abruzzi Glacier.
Kunyang or Khunyang Chhish East is a 7400m mountain in the Khunyang Chhish massive (a subrange of the Karakoram mountains of Pakistan).
 It is separated by a 7160 m pass from the main summit 2 km to the West and has a 2,700 m Southwest face.
 On July 18, 2013 Hansjörg Auer, Matthias Auer and Simon Anthamatten made the first ascent over this wall, which had been widely regarded as one of the great remaining problems in alpinism.
Liangkang Kangri (also known as "Liankang Kangri") is a mountain peak in the Himalayas on the border between Bhutan and China, as well as at the southeastern end of territory claimed by both countries.
 Liangkang Kangri is 7535 m high.
 To the south, a ridge leads to the 7570 m Gangkhar Puensum 2 km to the south-southeast .
 Due to the low saddle height of 234 m , Liangkang Kangri is not regarded as an independent mountain.
 Westward a ridge leads to the 6680 m high Chumhari Kang.
 The Liangkanggletscher on the northwest flank and the Namsanggletscher on the eastern flank of Liangkang Kangri form the headwaters of the Lhobrak Chhu, a source river of Kuri Chhu.
 The glacier on the southwest flank belongs to the catchment area of Angde Chhu.
Pumari Chhish (Urdu: ‎ ), (or Pumarikish, Peak 11) is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range.
 It lies about 4 km east of Khunyang Chhish, in the heart of the Hispar, north of the Hispar Glacier.
Saser Kangri (or Sasir Kangri) is a mountain in India.
 It is the highest peak in the Saser Muztagh, the easternmost subrange of the Karakoram range.
 Sasir Kangri is located within Jammu and Kashmir, the northernmost state of India.
Sabaya is a small town in the Bolivian Oruro Department.
 In 2001 it had a population of 573 inhabitants in 2001.
 Sabaya is the administrative center of the Sabaya Province and the Sabaya Municipality alike.
 It is located 200 km south-west of Oruro, the capital of the department.
 It is situated at 3,698 m above sea level in the valley of the Sabaya River on the eastern slopes of Pumari (4,787 m).
 Salar de Coipasa lies 25 km south-east of Sabaya, and the stratovolcano Tata Sabaya (5,430 m) is situated 20 km south-west of Sabaya.
