Hebrew ( ; , "Ivrit " ] or ] ) is a Northwest Semitic language native to Israel, spoken by over 9 million people worldwide.
 Historically, it is regarded as the language of the Israelites and their ancestors, although the language was not referred to by the name Hebrew in the Tanakh.
 The earliest examples of written Paleo-Hebrew date from the 10th century BCE.
 Hebrew belongs to the West Semitic branch of the Afroasiatic language family.
 Hebrew is the only living Canaanite language left, and the only truly successful example of a revived dead language.
The Central Semitic languages are a proposed intermediate group of Semitic languages, comprising the Late Iron Age, modern dialect of Arabic (prior to which Arabic was a Southern Semitic language), and older Bronze Age Northwest Semitic languages (which include Aramaic, Ugaritic, and the Canaanite languages of Hebrew and Phoenician).
 In this reckoning, Central Semitic itself is one of three divisions of Semitic along with East Semitic (Akkadian and Eblaite) and South Semitic (South Arabian and the Ethiopian Semitic languages).
The Upper Kuskokwim people or Upper Kuskokwim Athabaskans, Upper Kuskokwim Athabascans (own native name "Dichinanek' Hwt'ana"), and historically Kolchan, Goltsan, Tundra Kolosh, and McGrath Ingalik are an Alaskan Athabaskan people of the Athabaskan-speaking ethnolinguistic group.
 First delineation of this ethnolinguistic group was described by anthropologist Edward Howard Hosley (who has specialized in the study of Alaskan Athabaskan cultures) in 1968, as Kolchan.
 According to Hosley, "Nevertheless, as a group possessing a history and a culture differing from those of its neighbours, the Kolchan deserve to be recognized as an independent group of Alaskan Athapaskans."
 They are the original inhabitants of the Upper Kuskokwim River villages of Nikolai, Telida, and McGrath, Alaska.
 About 25 of a total of 100 Upper Kuskokwim people still speak the language.
 They speak a distinct Athabaskan language (as Upper Kuskokwim language or "Dinak'i") more closely related to Lower Tanana language than to Deg Xinag language (formerly Ingalik), spoken on the middle Kuskokwim.
 The term used by the Kolchan themselves is "Dina'ena" (lit.
 «the people» as "Tenaynah" by Hosley), but this is too similar to the adjacent Tanana and Tanaina (today Dena'ina) for introduction into the literature.
 Nowadays, the term used by the Kolchan themselves is "Dichinanek' Hwt'ana" (lit.
 «Timber River people»).
 Their neighbors also knew them by this name.
 In Tanaina they were "Kenaniq' ht'an" while the Koyukon people to the north referred to them as "Dikinanek Hut'ana".
 The Upper Kuskokwim Athabaskan culture is an hunter-gatherer culture and have a matrilineal system.
 They are were semi-nomadic and as living in semi-permanent settlements.
An undeciphered alphabetic stele found in Ördek-Burnu, 20 km south of Sam'al (8 miles south of Zinjirli) in what is now northern Syria, dates to the 9th century BCE.
 The language of the inscription is difficult to interpret.
 It contains Semitic words but is not grammatically Semitic, and may be a mixture of Luwian and a Semitic language.
 It is kept in Istanbul.
The Tanana Athabaskans, Tanana Athabascans or Tanana Athapaskans are an Alaskan Athabaskan peoples of the Athabaskan-speaking ethnolinguistic group.
 They are the original inhabitants of the Tanana River (in Tanana languages "Tth'itu' ", literally "straight water", in Koyukon language "Tene No' ", literally "trail water") drainage basin in east-central Alaska Interior, United States and a little part (White River First Nation) lived in Yukon, Canada.
 Tanana River Athabaskan peoples are called in Lower Tanana and Koyukon language "Ten Hʉt'ænæ" (literally "trail people"), in Gwich'in language "Tanan Gwich'in" (literally "people of Tanana River").
 In Alaska, where they are the oldest, there are three or four groups identified by the languages they speak.
 These are the Tanana proper or Lower Tanana ("Kokht'ana") and/or Middle Tanana, Tanacross or Tanana Crossing ("Koxt'een"), and Upper Tanana ("Kohtʼiin").
 The Tanana Athabaskan culture is a hunter-gatherer culture and have a matrilineal system.
 Tanana Athabaskans were semi-nomadic and as living in semi-permanent settlements in the Tanana Valley lowlands.
 Traditional Athabaskan land use includes fall hunting of moose, caribou, Dall sheep, and small terrestrial animals, and also trapping.
 The Athabaskans did not have any formal tribal organization.
 Tanana Athabaskans were strictly territorial and used hunting and gathering practices in their semi-nomadic way of life and dispersed habitation patterns.
 Each small band of 20–40 people normally had a central winter camp with several seasonal hunting and fishing camps, and they moved cyclically, depending on the season and availability of resources.
Amharic ( or ; Amharic: አማርኛ , "Amarəñña ", ] ) is an Afro-Asiatic language of the Semitic branch and is a member of the Ethiosemitic group.
 It is spoken as a mother tongue by the Amhara and other populations residing in major cities and towns of Ethiopia.
 The language serves as the official working language of Ethiopia, and is also the official or working language of several of the states within the federal system.
 Amharic is the second-most widely spoken Semitic language in the world after Arabic.
The Tigrinyas (also referred to as Biher Tigrinya, Kebessa, and Biher-Tigrinya) are an ethnic group inhabiting central Eritrea, an area spanning the Southern and Central, as well as the Northern Red Sea and Anseba Regions - mostly part of the Eritrean highlands (hence the name Kebessa meaning 'highland' in the local language).
 Ethnolinguistically, Tigrinyas are related to the Tigrayans of Ethiopia, both of whom speak Tigrinya, an Ethiopian Semitic language belonging to the Afroasiatic family.
 Most are followers of the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
 They make up roughly 55% of Eritrea's population numbering 3.4 million people.
 They are not to be confused with the Tigre people who speak Tigre, a closely related Afroasiatic language.
Maltese (Maltese: "Malti" ) is the national language of Malta and a co-official language of the country alongside English, while also serving as an official language of the European Union, the only Semitic language so distinguished.
 Maltese is descended from Siculo-Arabic, the extinct variety of Arabic that developed in Sicily and was later introduced to Malta, between the end of the ninth century and the end of the twelfth century.
 Maltese has evolved independently of Literary Arabic and its varieties into a standardized language over the past 800 years in a gradual process of Latinisation.
 Maltese is therefore considered an exceptional branch of Arabic that does not share diglossia with Standard Arabic and Classical Arabic.
 Maltese is also unique among Semitic languages since its morphology has been deeply influenced by Romance languages, namely Italian and Sicilian.
 The original Semitic base (Siculo-Arabic) comprises around one-third of the Maltese vocabulary, especially words that denote basic ideas and the function words, but about half of the vocabulary is derived from standard Italian and Sicilian; and English words make up between 6% and 20% of the vocabulary.
 A recent study shows that, in terms of basic everyday language, speakers of Maltese are able to understand less than a third of what is said to them in Tunisian Arabic, which is related to Siculo-Arabic, whereas speakers of Tunisian are able to understand about 40% of what is said to them in Maltese.
 This reported level of asymmetric intelligibility is considerably lower than the mutual intelligibility found between Arabic dialects.
 Maltese has always been written in the Latin script, the earliest surviving example dating from the late Middle Ages.
 It remains the only standardized Semitic language written in the Latin script.
Argobba is an Ethiopian Semitic language spoken in an area north-east of Addis Ababa by the Argobba people.
 It belongs to the South Ethiopian Semitic subgroup together with Amharic and the Gurage languages.
 Writing in the mid-1960s, Edward Ullendorff noted that it "is disappearing rapidly in favour of Amharic, and only a few hundred elderly people are still able to speak it."
 Today, many Argobba in the Harari region are shifting to the Oromo language.
Himyaritic or Al-Himyariah (Arabic: لغة حمير‎ ‎ "luġat Ḥimyar", "Language of Himyar") is a Semitic language that was spoken in Yemen, according to some by the Himyarites.
 Others consider it to have existed after the demise of the Himyarite period.
 It was a Semitic language, but did not belong to the Old South Arabian (Sayhadic) languages.
 The precise position inside Semitic is unknown because of the limited knowledge of the language.
