Living Room or The Living Room, is a 2015 Indian play written and directed by actress and playwright Kalki Koechlin, which premiered at Ranga Shankara Hall, Bangalore, in July 2015.
 The play that marked the directorial debut of Koechlin, stars Neil Bhoopalam and Sheeba Chaddha in lead roles with Jim Sarbh and Tariq Vasudeva playing supporting roles.
 The play opened to positive response from critics.
Roscoe Lee Browne (May 2, 1922 – April 11, 2007) was an American actor and director known for his rich voice and dignified bearing.
 He resisted playing stereotypically black roles, instead performing in several productions with New York City's Shakespeare Festival Theater, Leland Hayward’s satirical NBC series "That Was the Week That Was", and a poetry performance tour of the United States in addition to his work in television and film.
Moses Gunn (October 2, 1929 – December 16, 1993) was an American actor of stage and screen.
 An Obie Award-winning stage player, he co-founded the Negro Ensemble Company in the 1960s.
 His 1962 Off-Broadway debut was in Jean Genet's "The Blacks," and his Broadway debut was in "A Hand is on the Gate," an evening of African-American poetry.
 He was nominated for a 1976 Tony Award as Best Actor (Play) for "The Poison Tree" and played Othello on Broadway in 1970.
A Hand Is on the Gate is a play presented off-Broadway in 1966 that was actor Roscoe Lee Browne's Broadway directorial debut.
 Josephine Premice received a Tony nomination for her performance.
Kokila is a 1977 Kannada-language film starring Kamal Haasan, Shoba playing the title character along with Roja Ramani and Mohan in other prominent roles.
 The film marked the directorial debut of Balu Mahendra, who was a cinematographer working predominantly in South Indian films then.
 The film was successful upon release in Karnataka and its neighbouring states, becoming the first Kannada film to be screened for 100 days in Madras (now Chennai).
 "Kokila" was remade into Malayalam as "Oomakkuyil" and in Hindi as "Aur Ek Prem Kahani" both by Mahendra himself in 1983 and 1996.
 Mahendra won the National Film Award for Best Cinematography and Karnataka State Film Award for Best Screenplay.
Sajid Yahiya is an Indian film actor and director known for his work in Malayalam cinema.
 He made his acting debut in "Collector" directed by Anil C Menon.
 His second movie," Friday" was the directorial debut of Lijin Jose.
 He was then approached by Roopesh Peethambaran to play a role in Theevram.
 After this, he acted on "Kaashh", "Arikil Oraal", and "Amen".
 Other notable films Include "Pakida" and" Bangalore Days".
 He made his directorial debut through Malayalam action-comedy film IDI - Inspector Dawood Ibrahim.
Shallow Grave is a 1994 British black comedy crime film that marked the cinematic directorial debut of Danny Boyle with an original screenplay by John Hodge.
 The film also provided starring roles for the then relatively little-known actors Ewan McGregor, Christopher Eccleston and Kerry Fox.
Paresh Mokashi (born 6 February 1969) is an Indian filmmaker, producer, actor and Theatre director-producer; working predominantly in Marathi cinema and Marathi theatre.
 He started working as a backstage worker for theatre and did few minor roles for plays as well as films.
 Mokashi made his directorial debut for theatre with the Marathi play, "Sangeet Debuchya Mulee" in 1999.
 He continued to work for theatre and made his directorial debut for cinema with the 2009 Marathi feature film, "Harishchandrachi Factory".
 The film depicts the making of India's first full-length feature film, "Raja Harishchandra" (1913), made by Dadasaheb Phalke.
 The film was acclaimed critically and won several awards.
 It was also selected as India's official entry to 82nd Academy Awards in the Best Foreign Language Film category.
Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom (English: A Few Pages Missing in the Centre ) is a 2012 Indian Tamil black comedy film and the directorial debut for Balaji Tharaneetharan.
 Featuring Vijay Sethupathi and Gayathrie Shankar in the lead roles, The plot revolves around a young man who forgets a full year of his life, 2 days before his wedding.
 The music and background score of the film are composed by Ved Shankar and Siddarth Vippin respectively.
 The film released on 30 November 2012 to very positive reviews from critics.The film was a huge cult hit.
 The film was remade in Telugu as "Pusthakamlo Konni Pageelu Missing" with newcomers Sree and Supraja in lead roles and it was also remade in Kannada as "Kwatley Satisha" with Satish Neenasam and Sonia Gowda playing lead roles.
 The film is also being remade in Odia(Oriya) as Sunapila Tike Screw Dhila with Babushan in lead role & it was also remade in Malayalam as "Medulla Oblangata" with Rahul Madhav
Sujan Mukhopadhyay (also known as Neel Mukherjee) is a Bengali film, television and theatre actor.
 In 2012 he made his directorial debut with the film "Ghete Gho".
 He is an active Member of the renounced Theatre Group Chetana.
 On February 22, 2016 his directorial debut, in the field of Theatre, "Ghashiram Kotwal",which is an adaptation on Marathi play, was premiered.
