Gayelle Television (Gayelle) is a privately owned television station, serving Trinidad and Tobago.
 The television station broadcasts on UHF channel 23 to the city of Port of Spain and has recently started broadcasting to Central Trinidad on UHF channel 27.
 It is available on the Flow Trinidad cable system as channel 7 and also on cable systems in Tobago and Grenada.
 The station offers 100% local and Caribbean programming, and much of its programming consists of live talk-shows.
 The station's studio is located at 13 Southern Main Road, Curepe, Trinidad and Tobago, Curepe Village, Saint George, Trinidad And Tobago
Lagos Television (abbreviated LTV), or Lagos Weekend Television (abbreviated LWT, UHF channel 35, also known as LTV 8 is a state owned television station in Ikeja, Lagos, Nigeria.
 Lagos State Television was established in October, 1980 and was the first Television station in Nigeria to operate on two frequencies / bands VHF and UHF but now on UHF channel 35 and the first State owned Television station on cable satellite DSTV channel 256 and later on Startimes channel 104.
WPBN-TV is the NBC-affiliated television station for the northern Lower and eastern Upper peninsulas of Michigan in the United States.
 Licensed to Traverse City, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 47 (or virtual channel 7 via PSIP) from a transmitter east of Kalkaska.
 There is also a low-powered digital fill-in translator on UHF channel 50 from a transmitter south of Harrietta in the Manistee National Forest.
 Owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group, the station operates ABC affiliate WGTU and its full-time satellite WGTQ (owned by Cunningham Broadcasting) through a local marketing agreement (LMA).
 However, Sinclair effectively owns WGTU/WGTQ due to Cunningham's ownership structure.
 The two stations share studios on M-72 just west of Traverse City.
WLMO-LP is the CBS-affiliated television station for Northwestern Ohio that is licensed to Lima.
 It broadcasts a low-powered analog signal on UHF channel 38 from a transmitter on Rice Avenue in the city.
 The station can also be seen on Time Warner channel 11.
 Owned by Block Communications, the channel is sister to NBC affiliate WLIO and ABC affiliates WOHL-CD and WLQP-LP; the stations all share studios on Rice Avenue northwest of downtown.
 Syndicated programming on WLMO includes: "Access Hollywood", "Friends", "George Lopez" and "The Dr. Oz Show".
 This station can also be seen on WOHL-CD's second digital subchannel on UHF channel 35 which transmits at the same location.
K20JX-D is a low-power Class A television station in Sacramento, California, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 20 as an affiliate of 3ABN.
 Founded August 21, 1990, the station is owned by Abundant Life Broadcasting, Inc., a local organization.
 Prior to its digital conversation, the station broadcast in analog on UHF channel 27.
KQCT-LP is a low-power television station licensed to Davenport, Iowa.
 It is off the air.
 The station had previously broadcast an analog signal on UHF channel 61, but now has no digital signal on-the-air.
 However, KQCT-LP currently has a construction permit for a digital signal on UHF channel 17.
Rivers State Television (abbreviated RSTV), UHF channel 22 is a state owned television station in Port Harcourt city, Rivers State.
 It began its operation in 1985.
 Initially, the station's broadcasting power was 1 kW and signals were transmitted on UHF channel 55.
 After an upgrade in 1991, RSTV moved to UHF Channel 22 and had its radiated power boosted to 30 kW.
WYPX-TV is a full-service television station, licensed to Amsterdam, New York, as the affiliate of the Ion Television (formerly Pax and i) network in the New York state's Capital District and Mohawk Valley.
 The station's broadcast is digital-only on UHF channel 50 from a transmitter located near New York State Route 30 near the Montgomery/Fulton County line, and is carried on Time Warner Cable in much of the Albany market on channel 20.
 WYPX can also be seen on the eastern fringes of the Utica market.
 Its original analog assignment was UHF channel 55, but the station ceased broadcasting in analog in September 2007.
Aksyon TV (English: Action TV ) is a commercial broadcast television network in the Philippines.
 Its owner and operated by TV5 Network Inc. with some of programs produced by News5 and Sports5 divisions in Metro Manila co-owned by Nation Broadcasting Corporation (both subsidiary of PLDT media company MediaQuest Holdings).
 AksyonTV is being broadcast terresrially through DWNB-TV, (UHF Channel 41) which is carried on (UHF Channel 29) in Cebu, Davao and other relay stations.
 Occupies the frequency previously used by MTV Philippines, a subsidiary of MTV Networks Asia Pacific until 2006.
 It started broadcasting on February 21, 2011, yet it did not became the company's sole channel for sports until the shutdown of primetime block AKTV on May 31, 2013 due to high airtime cost and low ratings caused by IBC's impending privatization.
 Its main broadcast facilities is located at TV5 Media Center, Reliance cor.
 Sheridan sts., Mandaluyong City; while the network alternate studios and main transmitter are located at TV5 Complex, 762 Quirino Highway, San Bertolome, Novaliches, Quezon City.
 It was the first and only 24-hour news channel on free-to-air TV and the first 24-hour Filipino language news channel until December 1, 2013.
 It currently operates daily from 5:00 am to 12:30am.
WSIL-TV is the ABC-affiliated television station for Southern Illinois, Southeast Missouri, and the Purchase area of Western Kentucky in the United States.
 Licensed to Harrisburg, Illinois, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 34 (remapped to former analog channel 3 via PSIP) from a transmitter in Creal Springs, Illinois.
 Owned by Wheeler Broadcasting, the station has studios on Country Aire Drive (IL 13) in Carterville.
 The station operates a full-time satellite, KPOB-TV in Poplar Bluff, Missouri.
 This station airs a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 15 from a transmitter in the city along US 60/US 67.
 WSIL does not maintain any offices in Poplar Bluff.
 WSIL can also be seen on its digital translator, K10KM-D (channel 10), in Cape Girardeau, Missouri.
