The 1996 English cricket season saw England host tours by India and Pakistan, who each played three Tests and three ODIs. Against India, England were unbeaten, winning the Test series 1–0 and the ODI series 2–0.
 However, against the Pakistanis England lost 2–0 in the Tests, and had to console themselves with a 2–1 ODI series victory.
Daniel Dwight Tosh (born May 29, 1975) is an American comedian, television host, actor, writer, and executive producer.
 He is known for his deliberately offensive and controversial style of black comedy, as the host of the Comedy Central television show "Tosh.0" and as the star of stand-up comedy tours and specials.
Under the Whyte notation for the classification of steam locomotives by wheel arrangement, the 4-8-0+0-8-4 is a Garratt articulated locomotive.
 The wheel arrangement is effectively two 4-8-0 locomotives operating back to back, with the boiler and cab suspended between the two engine units.
 Each engine unit has two pairs of leading wheels in a leading bogie, followed by four coupled pairs of driving wheels and no trailing wheels.
 Since the 4-8-0 type is known as a Mastodon type, the corresponding Garratt type would be referred to as a Double Mastodon.
 A similar wheel arrangement exists for Mallet locomotives, but is referred to as 4-8-8-4.
Tosh.0 ( ) is an American television series hosted and produced by comedian Daniel Tosh, who provides commentary on online viral video clips, society, celebrities, and other parts of popular culture and stereotypes.
 It premiered in the United States on June 4, 2009 on Comedy Central.
 The tone is based on Tosh's deliberately offensive and controversial style of black comedy, observational comedy, satire, and sarcasm.
 The show has reached No. 1 ratings for its timeslot among men within the ages of 18–24, reaching millions of viewers at a time.
The Prussian Class P 2 consisted of various types of early, passenger train, steam locomotive operated by the Prussian state railways.
 There were 294 2-4-0 locomotives, 24 0-4-2 locomotives and two engines with a 4-4-0 wheel arrangement.
 Of the 2-4-0 type, 88 came from railway companies that were the predecessors to the Prussian state railways and did not comply with Prussian norms, 24 were of the "Ruhr-Sieg" type (see Prussian P 1) and 182 were standard P 2s.
 The 0-4-2 locomotives were identical with the Prussian G 2.
Under the Whyte notation for the classification of steam locomotives by wheel arrangement, 2-4-0+0-4-2 is an articulated locomotive, usually of the Garratt type.
 The wheel arrangement is effectively two 2-4-0 locomotives operating back to back, with the boiler and cab suspended between the two power units.
 Each power unit has two leading wheels on one axle, four powered and coupled driving wheels on two axles and no trailing wheels.
 Since the 2-4-0 type is sometimes known as a Porter, the corresponding Garratt type would be referred to as a Double Porter.
 A similar wheel arrangement exists for Mallet locomotives, but is referred to as 2-4-4-2.
The Rolling Stones' US Tour 1978 was a concert tour of the United States that took place during June and July 1978, immediately following the release of the group's 1978 album "Some Girls".
 Like the 1972 and 1975 U.S. tours, Bill Graham was the tour promoter.
 One opening act was Peter Tosh, who was sometimes joined by Mick Jagger for their duet "Don't Look Back".
A civic action program also known as civic action project is a type of operation designed to assist an area by using the capabilities and resources of a military force or civilian organization to conduct long-term programs or short-term projects.
 This type of operations include: dental civic action program (DENTCAP), engineering civic action program (ENCAP), medical civic action program (MEDCAP), and veterinarian civic action program (VETCAP).
 Entities of foreign nations usually conduct these operations at the invitation of a host nation.
Under the Whyte notation for the classification of steam locomotives by wheel arrangement, the 0-4-0+0-4-0 is an articulated locomotive of the Garratt type.
 The wheel arrangement is effectively two 0-4-0 locomotives operating back-to-back or face-to-face, with the boiler and cab suspended between the two power units.
 Each power unit has no leading wheels, four powered and coupled driving wheels on two axles and no trailing wheels.
 A similar arrangement exists for Mallet and Meyer locomotives, but is referred to as 0-4-4-0.
Jehovah's Witnesses employ various levels of congregational discipline as formal controls administered by congregation elders.
 Members who engage in conduct that is considered inappropriate may be counseled privately by elders and congregational responsibilities may be withheld or restricted.
 If initial counsel is not accepted, elders may present a talk to the congregation about the type of behavior, alerting other members already aware of the individual's conduct to limit social interaction with that person until the conduct has ceased.
