BY1 is a taxnomically unidentified basidiomycete fungus.
 ITS sequecing has placed it in the Russulales and is referred to as a stereaceous basidiomycete.
 Chemotaxonomically supporting its placement in this group, it produces famonnoxins and vibralactones.
 The fungus' mycelia was isolated from dead aspen in Minnesota, USA.
 It is presumed to decompose wood by white rot .
Amanita excelsa" var.
 "spissa is a variety of basidiomycete fungus of the genus "Amanita".
 This large, grey to brown-capped fungus has a very variable appearance but is commonly encountered in coniferous and deciduous forests in Europe and North America.
 It is sometimes referred to by the common name grey spotted Amanita.
Clathrus columnatus, commonly known as the column stinkhorn, is a saprobic species of basidiomycete fungus in the family Phallaceae.
 It has a widespread distribution, and has been found in Africa, Australasia, and the Americas.
 It may have been introduced to North America with exotic plants.
 Similar to other stinkhorn fungi, the fruiting body, known as the "receptaculum", starts out as a subterranean "egg" form.
 As the fungus develops, the receptaculum expands and erupts out of the protective volva, ultimately developing into mature structures characterized by two to five long vertical orange or red spongy columns, joined together at the apex.
 The fully grown receptaculum reaches heights of 8 cm tall.
 The inside surfaces of the columns are covered with a fetid olive-brown spore-containing slime, which attracts flies and other insects that help disseminate the spores.
 Although once considered undesirable, the fungus is listed as edible.
 It is found commonly in mulch.
Aseroe rubra, commonly known as the anemone stinkhorn, sea anemone fungus and starfish fungus, is a common and widespread basidiomycete fungus recognizable for its foul odour of carrion and its sea anemone shape when mature.
 Found in gardens on mulch and in grassy areas, it resembles a red star-shaped structure covered in brownish slime on a white stalk.
 It attracts flies, which spread its spores.
Conocybe apala is a basidiomycete fungus and a member of "Conocybe".
 It is a fairly common fungus, both in North America and Europe, found growing among short green grass.
 Until recently, the species was also commonly called Conocybe lactea or Conocybe albipes and is colloquially known as the White Dunce Cap .
 Another common synonym, "Bolbitius albipes" G.H. Otth 1871, places the fungus in the genus "Bolbitius".
Stereum ostrea, also called false turkey-tail and golden curtain crust, is a basidiomycete fungus in the genus "Stereum".
 It is a plant pathogen and a wood decay fungus.
 The name "ostrea", from the word 'oyster', describes its shape.
Armillaria mellea, commonly known as honey fungus, is a basidiomycete fungus in the genus "Armillaria".
 It is a plant pathogen and part of a cryptic species complex of closely related and morphologically similar species.
 It causes Armillaria root rot in many plant species and produces mushrooms around the base of trees it has infected.
 The symptoms of infection appear in the crowns of infected trees as discoloured foliage, reduced growth, dieback of the branches and death.
 The mushrooms are edible but some people may be intolerant to them.
 This species is capable of producing light via bioluminescence in its mycelium.
Paxillus vernalis is a basidiomycete fungus found in montane forests in northern North America.
 It closely resembles "Paxillus involutus".
 The fungus was described as new to science by Scottish mycologist Roy Watling in 1969.
Heterobasidion annosum is a basidiomycete fungus in the family Bondarzewiaceae.
 It is considered to be the most economically important forest pathogen in the Northern Hemisphere.
 "Heterobasidion annosum" is widespread in forests in the United States and is responsible for the loss of one billion U.S. dollars annually.
 This fungus has been known by many different names.
 Commonly, it is also known as annosum root rot.
 First described by Fries in 1821, it was known by the name "Polyporus annosum".
 Later, it was found to be linked to conifer disease by Robert Hartig in 1874, and was renamed "Fomes annosus" by H. Karsten.
 Its current name of "Heterobasidion annosum" was given by Brefeld in 1888.
 "Heterobasidion annosum" is one of the most destructive diseases of conifers.
Hydnum repandum, commonly known as the sweet tooth, wood hedgehog or hedgehog mushroom, is an edible mushroom with no poisonous lookalikes.
 A basidiomycete fungus of the family Hydnaceae, it is the type species of the genus "Hydnum".
 The fungus produces fruit bodies (mushrooms) that are characterized by their spore-bearing structures—in the form of spines rather than gills—which hang down from the underside of the cap.
 The cap is dry, colored yellow to light orange to brown, and often develops an irregular shape, especially when it has grown closely crowded with adjacent fruit bodies.
 The mushroom tissue is white with a pleasant odor and a spicy or bitter taste.
 All parts of the mushroom stain orange with age or when bruised.
