Thomas Francis Holmes (March 29, 1917 – April 14, 2008) was an American right and center fielder and manager in Major League Baseball who played nearly his entire career for the Boston Braves.
 He hit over .300 lifetime (.302) and every year from 1944 through 1948, peaking with a .352 mark in 1945 when he finished second in the National League batting race and was runner-up for the NL's Most Valuable Player Award.
Thomas Francis Murphy (December 3, 1905 – October 26, 1995), often referred to as "Thomas F. Murphy" or simply "Thomas Murphy," was a federal prosecutor and judge in New York City.
Ozark Sharks is a 2016 made-for-TV film that aired on Syfy on July 28, 2016.
 The TV film is written by Marcy Holland and Greg Mitchell, directed by Misty Talley, and starring Allisyn Ashley Arm, Dave Davis, Michael Papajohn, Ross Britz, Ashton Leigh, Thomas Francis Murphy, and Laura Cayouette.
Saint Eunan's College (Irish: "Coláiste Adhamhnáin" ) is an all-male voluntary Roman Catholic secondary school in County Donegal, Ireland.
 Located in the Glencar area of Letterkenny, it is an imposing three-storey structure resembling a castle, and is known as "the castle on the hill".
 It was designed by renowned Irish architect Thomas Francis McNamara.
 Noted also for the peculiar nature of its architecture, with four turreted round towers and flying buttresses modelled on the nearby Cathedral, it is divided by a capacious central courtyard, adjoined to an immense stone chapel and home to some unusual flora, fauna and fungi, completed by the conspicuous presence of a large monkey puzzle tree on its front lawn.
 Named after the Abbot of Iona Saint Eunan, a native of Donegal and patron saint of the Diocese of Raphoe, it celebrated its centenary in 2006.
 Saint Eunan's College is a prolific sporting institution, having produced numerous footballers who have gone on to play for the Donegal senior football team at the highest level of the game.
 Current Donegal captain Michael Murphy and former captain Neil Gallagher, who led the team to the 2007 National Football League title, are among these.
 Among the current staff are All-Ireland winning Gaelic football All Star Colm McFadden, football manager Gary McDaid (currently of Glenswilly), football manager and former Donegal selector Mickey Houston and Ollie Horgan, who has managed Finn Harps and the Republic of Ireland national schoolboy football team.
Sir Thomas Francis "Frank" Little KBE (30 November 1925 – 7 April 2008) was the sixth Roman Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne.
 He was appointed by Pope Paul VI on 1 July 1974 and retired in 1996; succeeded by George Pell.
 On retirement he was styled Archbishop Emeritus in the Archdiocese of Melbourne.
Thomas Francis "Tommy" Kelly (April 6, 1925 – January 26, 2016) was an American child actor.
 He is remembered for his title role in David O. Selznick's 1938 film "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", based on Mark Twain's novel of the same name.
Bart Got a Room is a 2008 comedy film written and directed by Brian Hecker, and stars Steven Kaplan, Alia Shawkat, William H. Macy, and Cheryl Hines.
 Also appearing in the film are Ashley Benson, Brandon Hardesty, Kate Micucci, Jennifer Tilly, Dinah Manoff (in her last film role as of 2017) and Chad Jamian Williams as Bart.
 The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 25, 2008.
 It had a limited US release in select theaters on April 3, 2009 and was released on DVD on July 28, 2009.
Nani is an Indian film actor and producer who works predominantly in Telugu cinema and appears in a few Tamil language films.
 He made his acting debut with Mohan Krishna Indraganti's 2008 comedy film "Ashta Chamma", an Indian adaptation of Oscar Wilde's play "The Importance of Being Earnest".
 After "Ashta Chamma"'s commercial success, Nani played the lead roles in three Telugu films in the next two years: "Ride" (2009), "Snehituda..." (2009) and "Bheemili Kabaddi Jattu" (2010).
 In 2011, Nani collaborated with B. V. Nandini Reddy on the romantic comedy film "Ala Modalaindi" which was profitable.
 The same year, he made his Tamil cinema debut with Anjana Ali Khan's "Veppam", a crime drama set in the backdrop of North Chennai.
 The following year, Nani collaborated with S. S. Rajamouli and Gautham Menon on the Telugu-Tamil bilingual "Eega" and the romance film "Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu" respectively.
 The former, which was about a murdered man reincarnating as a housefly and avenging his death, earned Nani an award in the Best Hero category at the 2013 Toronto After Dark Film Festival.
 He received the Nandi Award for Best Actor for his performance in "Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu".
Thomas Francis Murphy is an American actor.
 He is mostly known for his roles in the television series "True Detective" and "The Walking Dead", the film "Leatherheads", the Syfy original film "Ghost Shark", and the 2010 short film "Tracks".
"Pat Murphy Of Meagher's Brigade", also known as "Pat Murphy Of The Irish Brigade" or "Song Of The Splintered Shillelagah", is a song that comes from the American Civil War.
 The song tells the story of a, "Patrick Murphy", who serves under the command of Brig. Gen. Thomas Francis Meagher in the Irish Brigade of the Union Army.
 Murphy serves to illustrate the plight of the Irish in the Civil War.
