The Tongil Industries Company Co., Ltd., (in short the “TIC”), is a South Korean heavy industry company headquartered in Changwon City, South Korea.
 TIC was founded in July, 1988 originally as the Jin Heung Machinery Co., Ltd.
 As of 2011, it comprises 4 business divisions; Machine tools, Ball Screws, Automobile Components and Heat Treatment.
 The Tongil Industries is a subsidiary of the TONGIL Group, a South Korean business conglomerate (chaebol) managed by Kook Jin “Justin” Moon, a U.S. citizen with a Korean ethnical background, who currently serves as Chairman of the group.
 The Tongil Industries currently have 3 locations; Korean headquarters, TIC-Europe (subsidiary in EU zone), and a US agent office.
Copterline Oy was Finland's largest helicopter airline.
 In 2004 the company ferried over 75,000 passengers.
 On December 19, 2008, Copterline confirmed that it had ceased its scheduled service between Helsinki and Tallinn.
 On 15 February 2010, Copterline filed for bankruptcy, citing inability to keep the company profitable.
 Its head office was located on the grounds of Helsinki-Malmi Airport in Helsinki.
 In 2011, Line Support Oy, founded by mostly the same group as Copterline Oy, announced a resumption of service from September, operated by its Estonian subsidiary Copterline OÜ.
 On 9 September 2011, the first commercial flights were undertaken.
"Keep Your Head Down" (Korean title: 왜 "Wae"; "Why"), released in Japan as "Why?
 (Keep Your Head Down)", is a song recorded by South Korean pop group TVXQ (or Tohoshinki in Japan).
 Written by Yoo Young-jin and Yoo Han-jin, the Korean-language version of "Keep Your Head Down" was released by S.M. Entertainment on January 3, 2011 as the lead single for the group's fifth Korean studio album "Keep Your Head Down" (2011), TVXQ's first album since becoming a two-piece band with U-Know Yunho and Max Changmin.
 The Japanese-language version of "Keep Your Head Down", which was released on January 26, 2011 by Avex Trax, served as TVXQ's 31st Japanese single in Japan.
 It was the first single taken from their fifth Japanese studio album, "Tone" (2011).
Wanxiang Group Corporation () is a Chinese multinational automotive components manufacturing company headquartered in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China.
 It is the largest China-based automotive components company measured by revenues.
Fisker Automotive, now Fisker Inc., was a firm which made the Fisker Karma, which was one of the world's first production plug-in hybrid electric vehicles.
 It debuted at the 2008 North American International Auto Show, and first deliveries were in 2011.
 Production of the Fisker Karma was suspended in November 2012 due to bankruptcy of its battery supplier A123 Systems, with about 2,450 Karmas built since 2011 and over 2000 cars sold worldwide.
 In February 2014, the company's designs, engineering and manufacturing facility were purchased by Chinese auto parts conglomerate Wanxiang Group.
 Henrik Fisker retained the Fisker trademarks and the Fisker brand and relaunched Fisker Inc, and so Wanxiang named its new company Karma Automotive.
A123 Systems, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Wanxiang Group, is a developer and manufacturer of advanced lithium-ion (lithium iron phosphate) batteries and energy storage systems for transportation and other commercial and industrial applications.
Tax consolidation, or combined reporting, is a regime adopted in the tax or revenue legislation of a number of countries which treats a group of wholly owned or majority-owned companies and other entities (such as trusts and partnerships) as a single entity for tax purposes.
 This generally means that the head entity of the group is responsible for all or most of the group's tax obligations (such as paying tax and lodging tax returns).
 Consolidation is usually an all-or-nothing event: once the decision to consolidate has been made, companies are irrevocably bound.
 Only by having less than a 100% interest in a subsidiary can that subsidiary be left out of the consolidation.
Glénat Editions SA is a French publisher with its head office in Grenoble.
 Their products include comic albums and manga in France, Benelux, and in the past Spain; it was founded by Jacques Glénat.
 The Benelux subsidiary, Glénat Benelux N.V., is located in Brussels, Belgium.
 The Switzerland subsidiary, Glénat Editions (Suisse) SA, has its headquarters in Nyon.
 The Spanish subsidiary had its head office in Barcelona.
Karma Automotive is a U.S. automaker owned by Chinese autoparts company Wanxiang Group, and based in Costa Mesa, California.
Spider9 Inc. is an American, environmental technologies company headquartered in Northville, MI which develops and manufactures advanced control systems for energy storage and solar fields.
 It was founded in 2011 by Glynne Townsend (A123 Systems), Dave Park (former Vice President of Production at Wave Crest Energy Systems), Dave Smith (former chairman of USABC), and Bill Beckman (former Vice President of Finance at Johnson Controls).
