Lauren Frost (born May 25, 1985) is an American actress and singer who is best known for her recurring role as Ruby Mendel in the hit Disney Channel Original Series "Even Stevens" and the follow-up Disney Channel Original Movie "The Even Stevens Movie".
Nick Fortunato Spano (born March 16, 1976 in Los Angeles, California) is a former American actor and current acting coach.
 Spano is best known for his role as Donnie Stevens in the Disney Channel Original Series "Even Stevens" and Disney Channel Original Movie "The Even Stevens Movie."
Margo Cathleen Harshman (born March 4, 1986) is an American actress known for her role as Tawny Dean on the Disney Channel series "Even Stevens".
 She is also known for her role on "The Big Bang Theory" as Sheldon Cooper's assistant, Alex Jensen, and as Delilah Fielding on "NCIS".
Shia Saide LaBeouf ( ; born June 11, 1986) is an American actor, performance artist, and filmmaker.
 He became known among younger audiences as Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series "Even Stevens", a role for which LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003.
 He made his film debut in "The Christmas Path" (1998).
 In 2004, he made his directorial debut with the short film "Let's Love Hate" and later directed a short film titled "Maniac" (2011), starring American rappers Cage and Kid Cudi.
Christy Carlson Romano (born March 20, 1984 ) is an American actress and singer.
 She is known for her role as Ren Stevens in the Disney Channel sitcom "Even Stevens", and as the voice of the titular character in the Disney Channel animated series "Kim Possible."
The Even Stevens Movie is a 2003 American Disney Channel Original Movie that is based on the Disney Channel Original Series "Even Stevens".
 It premiered on June 13, 2003, serving as the series finale.
 The movie drew an audience of 5.1 million viewers.
Thomas Edwin Virtue Jr. (born November 19, 1957), known as Tom Virtue, is an American actor.
 He is best known for his co-starring role as Steve Stevens in the Disney Channel sitcom "Even Stevens".
Disney Channel Hits: Take 1 is the first complete collection of hit songs and videos from the Disney Channel.
 CD includes songs from Disney's hit TV Shows "Lizzie McGuire", "That's So Raven", "Even Stevens", "Kim Possible" and "The Proud Family", plus six never-before released tracks.
Zeke and Luther was an American Disney XD sitcom about two best friends setting their sights on becoming the world's greatest skaters.
 The show starred Hutch Dano, Adam Hicks, Daniel Curtis Lee, and Ryan Newman.
 "Zeke and Luther" was set in the northern part of Gilroy, California, specifically in the fictional area of Pacific Terrace, which is stated frequently throughout the series.
 Gilroy was also mentioned occasionally in the Disney Channel series "Even Stevens", which was also created by "Zeke and Luther" co-creator Matt Dearborn.
 The episode "Bros Go Pro" was made available to download for free on iTunes in the beginning of June, two weeks before the show's television premiere.
 The series premiered on June 15, 2009 in the U.S.
Fred Meyers (born August 8, 1983 in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas) is an American actor.
 He is best known for his recurring role as Tom Gribalski in the Disney Channel Original Series "Even Stevens" and the follow-up Disney Channel Original Movie "The Even Stevens Movie".
