Vaughan Jones (born 8 September 1959 in Tonyrefail) is a Welsh former professional footballer.
 Jones played his club football for Bristol Rovers, Cardiff City, Newport County, Inter Cardiff and Bath City before finishing his playing career at Cheltenham Town.
 He went on to be a youth coach at Bristol Rovers before becoming Assistant Manager at Bath City in November 2003, but a year later had left his job in mysterious circumstances.
Sean Mark Dyche ( ; born 28 June 1971) is an English former professional footballer, who is currently the manager of Premier League side Burnley, a position he has held since October 2012.
 During his playing career, Dyche played as a centre-back, making his professional debut in 1990 and representing Chesterfield - whom he captained and scored for in an FA Cup semi-final - Bristol City, Luton Town, Millwall, Watford and Northampton Town.
 He was promoted with four of his six clubs.
 After retiring as a player in 2007 he coached at Watford, including a stint as manager between June 2011 and July 2012.
David Gerald Unsworth (born 16 October 1973) is an English former professional footballer and the current manager of Everton U23.
 As a player, Unsworth played as a centre-back or left-back from 1991 until 2009.
Philip Anthony Jones (born 21 February 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team.
 Before joining Manchester United, Jones played for Blackburn Rovers at both youth and senior levels.
 Although primarily a centre-back, he has also been used as a right-back or defensive midfielder.
Chris Jones is a Welsh semi-professional footballer currently playing for Cymru Alliance side Porthmadog.
 A former professional with Leeds United, Jones is currently in his fourth season with City.
 He made several appearances for Leeds and was heavily involved with the first team.
 Chris was playing with the likes of Aaron Lennon, James Milner, Rio Ferdinand, Scott Carson and Alan Smith during his spell with the Yorkshire outfit.
Rio Gavin Ferdinand (born 7 November 1978) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre-back, and current television pundit for BT Sport.
 He played 81 times for the England national football team between 1997 and 2011, and was a member of three FIFA World Cup squads.
 He is regarded by many to be one of England's greatest ever players and he is one of the most decorated English footballers of all time.
Ian George Gore (born 10 January 1968) is an English former professional footballer.
 He played as a centre-back.
Darren Shaun Bradshaw (born 19 March 1967 in Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire) is an English former professional footballer.
 He played as a centre-back primarily but could also move into midfield.
 His playing career spanned fifteen years, during which he made over 200 Football League appearances.
Chris Jones (born 18 April 1956 in Jersey) is a former professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Manchester City, Crystal Palace, Charlton Athletic, Leyton Orient and represented the England Under 21 national team on one occasion.
Steven Robert "Steve" James (born 29 November 1949) is an English former professional footballer who played at centre-back.
