Lawless Darkness is the fourth studio album by Swedish black metal band Watain, released through Season of Mist, on 7 June 2010.
 The cover art was made by Zbigniew M. Bielak, who also painted "The Wild Hunt" cover art.
 The album sold around 1,000 copies in the United States in the first week of its release, reaching no. 42 on the Top New Artist Albums (Heatseekers) chart.
 The single "Reaping Death" was distributed in their home country of Sweden in the Sweden Rock magazine, and was certified gold in the band's home country on April 21 by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry for sales in excess of 10,000 copies.
 The album received very positive reviews from music critics, and in 2011 the band were awarded the Swedish Grammi for 'Best Hard Rock' album for "Lawless Darkness".
"Welcome to the Black Parade" (also going by the shortened title "The Black Parade" and originally titled "The Five of Us Are Dying") is the first single and fifth track from My Chemical Romance's third studio album, "The Black Parade".
 It was released on September 11, 2006 on iTunes and October 9, 2006 on CD.
 It is the band's eighth single.
 The studio version was available on Myspace on September 2, 2006.
 It was named one of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll.
 The music video for the single was recognized as MTV's "Greatest Music Video of the Century" in 2017.
 The cover art of the single is the only artwork where the band appears, with the exception of the cover art for "The Ghost of You", where they are shown as silhouettes.
The Pod is the second studio album by American rock band Ween, released on September 20, 1991 by Shimmy Disc.
 The album takes its name from the band's apartment where the album was recorded, which the band nicknamed "The Pod".
 The album's cover art is a takeoff of the 1975 "The Best of Leonard Cohen" cover; Ween simply positioned a photo of Mean Ween's head (wearing a "nitrous oxide powered bong" which is sometimes mistaken for a "Scotchgard bong") over Cohen's cover art, and did alterations to the title and other graphics.
 The copy of the Leonard Cohen record that Ween used had purportedly belonged to Dean Ween's mother, Eileen Ween.
 "The Pod", according to Ween lore, was written under the influence of Scotchgard, but this was later refuted by Gene and Dean themselves as being "the most slime-bag thing we could think of".
 "The Pod" has since been remastered and reissued by Elektra Records, after the relative success of Ween albums such as "Pure Guava" (1992) and "Chocolate and Cheese" (1994).
Mind Tricks is the third full-length studio album by the Italian melodic death metal band Disarmonia Mundi, released on June 12, 2006 by Scarlet Records.
 This album again features Björn "Speed" Strid on vocals, but this time without their bassist Mirco Andreis, who decided to leave the band to concentrate on his career as a video clip director.
 Mirco directed the video for the song "Celestial Furnace", but this time did not appear in the video.
 The album features a Pantera cover version of the song, "Mouth for War".
 The Japanese release of the album includes a bonus track from a 2002 demo entitled, "Moon of Glass".
 The Korean release included a bonus track entitled "Chester".
 The cover art features a manipulated image from the 2005 film "Sin City" featuring actress Makenzie Vega as Nancy Callahan.
Black Bastards (or Bl_ck B_st_rds) is the second and final studio album by KMD (a rap trio featuring an early alias of MF DOOM), completed in 1993 and eventually released in 2001 through ReadyRock.
 Initially, the album was scheduled for release in 1993, but Elektra Records canceled the album, reportedly due to the controversial cover art, which shows a Sambo figure being lynched, and its black nationalist, Five-Percenter lyrics.
 However, the album displayed no obvious Five-Percenter rhetoric, yet the project was racially candid, as demonstrated by the album title, its cover art, and the sample collage intro.
 Zev Love X's brother DJ Subroc was killed when he was struck by a car shortly before the album was completed.
"Mrs. Washington" is a song written and performed by Gigolo Aunts and the title song from their 1993 and 1994 singles.
 The song also appears on the album, "Flippin' Out".
 The August 1993 7" single (catalog number: SM1 or 7SM1) includes a cover of "Serious Drugs", a 1992 single by BMX Bandits later included on their 1993 album, "Life Goes On".
 That 1993 single was the first in a series of five releases by various bands on Fire Records under the Spawning Monsters moniker.
 The April 1994 7" single (catalog number: blaze68) and CD single (catalog number: blaze68cd) include a cover of "Ask", a 1986 single by the Smiths that later appeared on their 1987 albums, "Louder Than Bombs" (US) and "The World Won't Listen" (UK).
 The 12" single includes a cover of "Can You Get to That" by Funkadelic, a song from their 1971 album, "Maggot Brain".
 Both the 12" single and the CD single include a cover of "Winsor Dam", a 1991 recording by Big Dipper that did not receive its formal release until the 2008 compilation album, "".
 Note that while both the 12" single and CD single attribute the writing credits for "Winsor Dam" to Goffrier/Oliphant/Michener/Wallik, other sources identify the writer of the song as Big Dipper guitarist, Gary Waleik.
 The 1994 single entered the UK singles charts on April 23, 1994, spending only one week there.
 The cover art of the 1994 7" single, 12" single, and CD single features Chloë Sevigny.
 The photo appears to be from the same session as the photo on the cover of the Full-On Bloom EP.
Powertrippin' is the third studio album released by Scottish heavy metal band The Almighty.
 It was released in the United Kingdom in 1993 by Polydor Records and was the band's last studio album for that label.
 It was The Almighty's first album with new guitarist Pete Friesen who replaced founding guitarist Tantrum who had left the band in 1992.
 Friesen contributed to the songwriting and was a major part of the new sound presented on this album, introducing a heavier, riff based grunge sound compared to the punk leanings of earlier efforts.
 The subject of the cover art is taken directly from a psychedelic concert poster for MC5 designed by the legendary poster artist Gary Grimshaw in 1966, which is tracing of Life magazine cover from December 6, 1954, Jet Age Man by Ralph Morse.
Shout at the Döner is a 2009 studio album by American electronic musician Kid606.
 The cover art of "Shout At The Döner" is based on the cover art of "Shout at the Devil" by Mötley Crüe.
 The record sleeve was designed by Sandra Boeckmann.
 The album is separated into four movements.
 Remixes of the songs "Be Monophobic With Me", "Samhain California", and "Baltimorrow's Parties" appear on the "Be Monophobic With Me" EP.
 Many of the songs also appear remixed on his "Dance With The Chorizo".
The Chronicles of Life and Death is the third studio album by American pop punk band Good Charlotte, released on October 5, 2004, through Daylight Records.
 The album was released with two different versions: a "Life" and a "Death" version which came with different cover art (designed by guitarist Billy Martin) and a special bonus track.
 There is also a Japanese version that has a different cover art as well as the special bonus tracks from both the "Life" and "Death" versions, including the hidden track "Wounded" at the end of the album.
 "The Chronicles of Life and Death" is the only album to feature Chris Wilson on drums.
LAX is the 3rd studio album by American rapper The Game.
 It was released on August 26, 2008, by Geffen Records.
 Recording sessions took place from 2007 to 2008, with the production that were contributed by Cool & Dre, Kanye West, Scott Storch, Nottz, Hi-Tek, J.R. Rotem and JellyRoll; as well as guest appearances from Chrisette Michele, Common, Ice Cube, Keyshia Cole, Ludacris, Nas, Ne-Yo, Raekwon, Raheem DeVaughn, Travis Barker, Bilal and Lil Wayne.
 The album was supported by four singles: "Game's Pain" featuring Keyshia Cole, "Dope Boys" featuring Travis Barker, "My Life (The Game song)" featuring Lil Wayne, and "Camera Phone (song)" featuring Ne-Yo.
 The album was released with two different cases such as one cover art for the deluxe version with Game looking at the camera with his bandanna in his hand, and the cover art for another was with him sitting on a couch smoking a blunt.
