Peter Yates (19 July 1920 – 16 November 1982) was a British born artist and architect.
 Yates was best known for his partnership with Gordon Ryder in the North of England architectural firm, Ryder and Yates.
Save the Green Planet!
 (Korean title: 지구를 지켜라!
, "Jigureul Jikyeora!")
 is a South Korean film, written and directed by Jang Joon-hwan, released on 4 April 2003 .
 The movie mixes elements of multiple genres, including comedy, science fiction, horror and thriller.
 The basic story begins when the main character, Lee Byeong-gu, kidnaps another man, convinced that the latter is an alien.
1987 is an upcoming South Korean political drama film directed by Jang Joon-hwan, starring Kim Yoon-seok, Ha Jung-woo, Yoo Hae-jin and Kim Tae-ri.
John and Mary is a 1969 American romantic drama film directed by Peter Yates.
 It stars Dustin Hoffman and Mia Farrow in the title roles, directly on the heels of "Midnight Cowboy" and "Rosemary's Baby", respectively (as well as "Bullitt" for Yates).
 The screenplay was adapted by John Mortimer from the Mervyn Jones novel.
Hwayi: A Monster Boy () is a 2013 South Korean action thriller film about a 16-year-old boy of the same name (played by Yeo Jin-goo) who is raised by five criminal fathers to become the perfect assassin.
 It takes pulling the trigger to discover his true identity after he realizes the mystery surrounding his past and his fate.
 It was the highly anticipated second feature film by director Jang Joon-hwan, a decade after his 2003 cult favorite sci-fi comedy/thriller "Save the Green Planet!
".
Lee Jae-yong (born March 21, 1963) is a South Korean actor.
 Best known as a character actor, Lee has played supporting roles in film and television, notably as a dogged ex-detective in Jang Joon-hwan's "Save the Green Planet!
" (2003) and an embezzling Joseon politician in "" (2011).
The National Association for Chiropractic Medicine (NACM) was a minority chiropractic association founded in 1984 that described itself as a "consumer advocacy association of chiropractors".
 It openly rejected some of the more controversial aspects of chiropractic, including a basic concept of chiropractic, vertebral subluxations as the cause of all diseases.
 It also sought to "reform the chiropractic profession away from a philosophical scope of practice and towards an applied science scope of practice."
 It stated that it was "dedicated to bringing the scientific based practice of chiropractic into mainstream medicine" and that its members "confine their scope of practice to scientific parameters and seek to make legitimate the utilization of professional manipulative procedures in mainstream health care delivery."
 "While the NACM is focused on furthering the profession, its primary focus is on the rights and safety of the consumers."
 The NACM was the object of much controversy and criticism from the rest of the profession.
 It quietly dropped out of sight and its demise apparently occurred sometime between May 30, 2008 and March 6, 2010.
Curtain Call is a 1998 romantic comedy directed by Peter Yates, photographed by Sven Nykvist and edited by Hughes Winborne.
 It stars James Spader, Polly Walker, Michael Caine and Maggie Smith.
 The film was later re-released under the title It All Came True (not to be confused with the completely unrelated 1940 Humphrey Bogart film of the same name).
 It was to be Peter Yates' last film made for cinema, although in most markets it went directly to TV or home video.
Jang Joon-hwan (born January 18, 1970) is a South Korean film director.
Optometry is a health care profession which involves examining the eyes and applicable visual systems for defects or abnormalities as well as the medical diagnosis and management of eye disease.
 Traditionally, the field of optometry began with the primary focus of correcting refractive error through the use of spectacles.
 Modern day optometry, however, has evolved through time so that the education curriculum additionally includes intensive medical training in the diagnosis and management of ocular disease in countries where the profession is established and regulated.
 Optometrists (also known as Doctors of Optometry in the US and Canada for those holding the O.D. degree or Ophthalmic Opticians in the UK) are medical professionals who provide primary eyecare through comprehensive eye examinations to detect and treat various visual abnormalities and eye diseases.
 Being a regulated profession, an optometrist's scope of practice may differ depending on the location.
 Thus, disorders or diseases detected outside the treatment scope of optometry are referred out to relevant medical professionals for proper care, more commonly to ophthalmologists who are physicians that specialize in tertiary medical and surgical care of the eye.
 Optometrists typically work closely together with other eye care professionals such as ophthalmologists and opticians to deliver quality and efficient eyecare to the general public.
