Georg Muschner (12 June 1885 – 17 May 1971) was a German cinematographer.
 He worked on over sixty productions during his career in the Weimar Republic, Austria and Nazi Germany.
 Muschner originally worked as a portrait photographer, before entering the film industry during the silent era.
 He worked on several Harry Piel films, including "His Greatest Bluff".
 During the 1930s he often worked with the director Johann Alexander Hübler-Kahla.
Dancing on a Dime is a 1940 Paramount Pictures movie directed by Joseph Santley about five actors and dancers putting on a show while living in a theatre.
 It is adapted from a novel of the same name written by Dorothy Young, which itself is based loosely on her own life.
 It starred Robert Paige, Peter Lind Hayes, Eddie Quillan, Frank Jenks, and Grace McDonald.
 It is known for its song, "I Hear Music".
Franz Weihmayr (30 December 1903 – 26 May 1969) was a German cinematographer who worked on over eighty films between 1924 and 1964.
 He was one of the leading German cinematographers of the Nazi era, working on a number of Zarah Leander films and the 1935 propaganda documentary "Triumph of the Will".
 After the Second World War Weihmayr worked in West German cinema including rubble films such as "Love '47".
Robert Baberske (1 May 1900 – 27 March 1958) was a German cinematographer.
 Although he worked briefly in Britain, Baberske spent most of his career in the German film industry.
 Baberske began as an assistant to Karl Freund.
 He became a prominent film technician during the silent era, and later during the Nazi years.
 Following the Second World War, he lived and worked in East Germany on a number of propaganda films for the state-controlled DEFA studio.
Jost Vacano, BVK (born 15 March 1934) is a German cinematographer.
 He was the cinematographer of "Das Boot" and he also worked together with director Paul Verhoeven on seven films, including "RoboCop" and "Total Recall".
Fight for Fame is a one-hour reality show produced by E! Entertainment Television, and producers Jay James, Tim Puntillo, Alan Blassberg, and Brian Lando.
 A long established talent agency - Acme Talent & Literary - provides two top agents, Adam Lieblein (President) and Greg Meyer to add focus to the show, without being seen as "hosts."
 Each hour shows five actors vying for the opportunity to sign with Adam and Greg at the agency.
 They are put through four sets of audition challenges, including monologues, improvisation, and scripted auditions in front of well-known Hollywood directors, casting executives and executive producers.
 At the end of each episode, one actor signs with Acme Talent & Literary.
 The audience gets to see the decision process of the agents, as well as the attitude of talented and not-so-talented actors.
Confusions is a play by Alan Ayckbourn consisting of a series of five interconnected one-act plays.
 It was first staged in 1974 (1976 in London) and played by just five actors.
 The scenes are all loosely linked by characters or locations, but more subtly through the common underlying themes of obsession, isolation and human desire for companionship.
Curt Courant (11 May 1899 – 20 April 1968) was a German cinematographer who worked on over a hundred films during the silent and early sound eras.
 Courant worked in several European countries, collaborating with figures such as Alfred Hitchcock and Fritz Lang.
 As he was of Jewish ancestry, Courant was forced to leave Germany in 1933 and go into exile following the Nazi takeover of power.
 Courant worked at several of the leading British studios during the mid-1930s.
 He is the father of Willy Kurant who also became a cinematographer.
Josef “Sepp” Allgeier (6 February 1895 – 11 March 1968) was a German cinematographer who worked on around fifty features, documentaries and short films.
 He began his career as a cameraman in 1911 for the Expreß Film Co. of Freiburg.
 In 1913 he filmed newsreels in the Balkans.
 He then became an assistant to Arnold Fanck, a leading director of Mountain films.
 He worked frequently with Luis Trenker and Leni Riefenstahl, both closely associated with the genre.
 He was Riefenstahl's lead cameraman on her 1935 propaganda film "Triumph of the Will".
 During the Second World War, Allgeier filmed material for newsreels.
 He later worked in West German television.
 His son is the cinematographer Hans-Jörg Allgeier.
Shaggy Dog, broadcast by ITV on 10 November 1968, is a black and white television play by Dennis Potter written for the London Weekend Television anthology series "The Company of Five", specifically a group of five actors.
 "The Company of Five" ran for one series of six episodes.
