Alberto Ruz Buenfil (born 1945) is a native of Mexico whose work is dedicated to social change, environmental sustainability, and the performing arts.
 He co-founded two international theater groups as well as Mexico's first ecovillage, known as Huehuecoyotl.
 He led the 13-year Rainbow Peace Caravan, an international effort to promote sustainable design and permaculture, as well as theatrical performances, across seventeen countries of Latin America.
 He was also funded by Ashoka from 2002 to 2005, and received in the name of the Rainbow Peace Caravan, the prize "Escuela Viva" from the Brazilian President Lula da Silva and Minister of Culture Gilberto Gil, as one of the 60 most advanced projects in education in the country.
Joe Lynn Turner (born Joseph Arthur Mark Linquito, August 2, 1951) is an American singer, guitarist, songwriter, and producer.
 He is known for his work in the hard rock bands Rainbow and Deep Purple.
 During his career, Turner fronted and played guitar with pop rock band Fandango in the late 1970s; and in the early 80s, he became a member of Rainbow, fronting the band and writing songs with guitarist, Ritchie Blackmore and bassist, and producer, Roger Glover.
 After Rainbow had disbanded (the first time) in March 1984, he pursued a solo career, released one album, Rescue You, and then later did session work, singing background vocals for the likes of Billy Joel, Cher, and Michael Bolton.
 On the advice of Bolton, Turner began recording jingles for radio and television.
 Other songs he had composed or through collaboration with songwriters like Desmond Child and Jack Ponti were being recorded and released by international recording artists Jimmy Barnes, Lee Aaron, and Bonfire.
 Turner had a short-lived association with neoclassical metal guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen and then Deep Purple.
 From the mid-1990s, he resumed his solo career, releasing an additional nine studio and two live recordings.
 Turner did other session work, appearing as lead vocalist on tribute albums and working on projects involving various musical groups including progressive rock band Mother's Army; Bulgarian hard rock band Brazen Abbot; funk rock duo Hughes Turner Project; and classic rock/ progressive rock band Rated X.
 In 2006, Frontiers Records approached Turner to become involved with the AOR side project Sunstorm.
 By 2016, four albums under the Sunstorm name had been released.
 That same year, Turner released "The Sessions" via Cleopatra Records featuring a veritable who's who of classic rock royalty as guest musicians, before resuming his seemingly constant touring schedule back in Europe
Tia Texada is an American actress best known for her role as Cruz on NBC's critically acclaimed series "Third Watch", and her recurring role as an undercover agent Ribera on "The Unit" for CBS.
 Other roles include, "In Plain Sight", "Saving Grace", "Chuck" for NBC, HBO's "Mind of the Married Man", "Everybody Hates Chris", The Amazing Spider-Man feature film, Batman Beyond, Static Shock, Firebreather and Handy Manny.
 She was the voice of Maybelline New York for 15 years, the number one selling cosmetic brand in the world and during her campaign of "Maybe Shes Born With it.
.
Maybe It's Maybelline "... it was named Brand of the Year and Launch of the Year for Lash Sensational.
 She was first female live announcer for the Espy Awards where she worked alongside Justin Timberlake, Jamie Foxx, Lebron James and Samuel L. Jackson for seven years.
 She was the voice of the winning Golden Trailer award for RoboCop feature film.
 Tia was the voice for launching Superbowl 50 for The NFL Today on CBS, Flesh and Bone for Starz, Lindt Gold Bunny, Zales, Unstoppable Collection, JC Penney World Cup Soccer IS for Girls, World Series of Poker Lady Luck for Espn, and Skittles 'Taste the Rainbow'.
 Tia was born with severe Strabismus and after surgery to correct this and wearing an eye patch, she took an acting class to help with her shyness, this led to her career as an actor.
Manitonquat (AKA Medicine Story; born Francis Story Talbot, July 17, 1929), is an American author of two books, and several more self-published booklets on New Age philosophy, spirituality, and community sociology.
 He has led workshops and rituals at the Rainbow Gatherings held by the Rainbow Family.
 Since the 1970s, he has toured the United States and Europe teaching and lecturing on the adaptation of the application of philosophy to modern problems of society, community, and relationships.
José Argüelles, born Joseph Anthony Arguelles ( ; January 24, 1939 – March 23, 2011), was an American New Age author and artist.
 He was the founder of Planet Art Network and the Foundation for the Law of Time.
 He held a Ph.D. in Art History and Aesthetics from the University of Chicago and taught at numerous colleges, including Princeton University, the University of California, Davis, the San Francisco Art Institute, and Evergreen State College.
 As one of the originators of the Earth Day concept (due in part to the influence of astrologer Dane Rudhyar), Argüelles founded the first Whole Earth Festival in 1970, at Davis, California.
 He is best known for his leading role in organizing the 1987 Harmonic Convergence event, for inventing (with the assistance of his wife Lloydine) the perpetual Dreamspell calendar in 1992, and for the central role that he played in the emergence of the 2012 phenomenon.
 Towards the end of his life, Argüelles focused on issue of consciousness, elaborating the concept of a noosphere (based on the work of Teilhard de Chardin and Vladimir Vernadsky) as a global work of art.
 Specifically, he envisioned a "rainbow bridge" encircling the Earth.
Jiang Fangzhou (simplified Chinese: 蒋方舟; traditional Chinese: 蔣方舟; pinyin: Jiǎng Fāngzhōu;born October 27, 1989 ) is a Chinese infant prodigy author.
 She is currently a student in Tsinghua University and the author of nine books,among which "Unlatched the Window onto the Paradise"( «打开天窗») is her prose works published when she was 9 and was later adapted for a comic book;and "We are Growing" (《正在发育》)is her first novel published in September,2001 and in November its traditional Chinese edition appeared in Taiwan;and"Preadolescence"(«青春前期»)in May,2002;"Look over Here"!
(《都往我这儿看》)in October,2002;"I am an Animal"( 《我是动物》)a long fairy tale in October, 2003, was later adapted for a stage play;"The True Story of the Mischievous Child"(«邪童正史»), a column, began to appear both in Beijing News and South China Metropolis Daily in November, 2003, was formally published in October,2004;"The Rainbow Rider"(«骑彩虹者»)in July,2006;"Number One Schoolgirl"( 《第一女生》)in July,2007;and "Features of Rumors"( 《谣言的特点》)in January,2009.
Alex Sánchez (born 1957) is a Mexican-American author of award-winning novels for teens and adults.
 His first novel, "Rainbow Boys" (2001), was selected by the American Library Association (ALA), as a Best Book for Young Adults.
 Subsequent books have won additional awards, including the Lambda Literary Award.
 Although Sanchez's novels are widely accepted in thousands of school and public libraries in America, they have faced a handful of challenges and efforts to ban them.
 In Webster, New York, removal of "Rainbow Boys" from the 2006 summer reading list was met by a counter-protest from students, parents, librarians, and community members resulting in the book being placed on the 2007 summer reading list.
Kenneth Lee "Kenny" Ascher (born October 26, 1944 in Washington, D.C.) is an American jazz pianist, composer, and arranger who is active in jazz, rock, classical, and musical theater genres — in live venues, recording studios, and cinema production.
 He is widely known for co-writing, with Paul Williams, "Rainbow Connection" from "The Muppet Movie".
 Both Williams and Ascher received Oscar nominations for the 1979 Academy Awards for Best Original Song ("Rainbow Connection") and Best Original Score ("The Muppet Movie" Soundtrack).
 The song was also nominated for the Golden Globes for "Best Original Song" that same year.
David Robie (born 1945) is a New Zealand author, journalist and media educator who has covered the Asia-Pacific region for international media for more than two decades.
 He became an associate professor in Auckland University of Technology School of Communication Studies in 2005 and a professor in 2011.
 In 1985, Dr Robie sailed on board the Greenpeace eco-navy flagship "Rainbow Warrior" for 10 weeks until it was bombed by French secret agents in New Zealand’s Auckland harbour.
 He is the author of a book about the ill-fated voyage, "Eyes of Fire: The Last Voyage of the Rainbow Warrior" (Lindon Books, 1986).
 An updated memorial edition of "Eyes of Fire" was published in July 2005 and a 30th anniversary edition in July 2015 (Little Island Press).
Jennifer Kristine Gillis (born 26 April 1996) is a Canadian singer, dancer and actress with an extensive resume in musical theatre, television, singing, radio, recording, and animated voice-over work.
 Gillis is most noted for performing in Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber's CBC TV reality show "Over the Rainbow"-a competition to be cast as the leading role of Dorothy Gale in Lloyd Webber's forthcoming production of "The Wizard of Oz" in Toronto, Ontario.
 Being the youngest aspiring singer in the competition, she singularly represented her province of British Columbia and as a result was named the Top 6th musical theatre performer in all of Canada.
 Since "Over the Rainbow", Gillis sang the Canadian national anthem "O Canada" for the Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Ontario on Canada Day in 2013.
 She aspires to become a Broadway actress someday and wants to dedicate her life to performing.
