Night School is a British web series based on the Night School books by CJ Daugherty.
 It was the first ever web series based on a British young adult book.
 The show premiered on YouTube on December 12, 2014.
 The series was written and created by CJ Daugherty and Jack Jewers.
Raaz Pichhle Janm Ka (Hindi: राज़ पिछले जनम का , "Past Life Secrets") is an Indian reality television series based on the technique of past life regression.
 The NDTV Imagine show is hosted by actor Ravi Kishan, while the past life regression sessions are conducted by Mumbai-based psychologist Trupti Jayin.
 The first season started on December 7, 2009, was planned for a 20-episode run from Monday to Friday, 9.30 pm, by Ideas Box Entertainment, got an extension of 20 episodes, and ended on January 15, 2010, while Second season started on October 23, 2010, with actor, Chunky Pandey as guest.
The reset button technique (based on the idea of "status quo ante") is a plot device that interrupts continuity in works of fiction.
 Simply put, use of a reset button device returns all characters and situations to the "status quo" they held before a major change of some sort was introduced.
 Typically it occurs either in the middle of a program and negates a portion of it, or it occurs at the beginning, or very end, of a program to negate all that came before it.
 Often used in science fiction television series, animated series, soap operas, and comic books, the device allows elaborate and dramatic changes to characters and the fictional universe that might otherwise invalidate the premise of the show with respect to future episodes or issues continuity.
 Writers may, for example, use the technique to allow the audience to experience the death of the lead character, which traditionally would not be possible without effectively ending the work.
Rising Star is a French musical television competition series based on the Rising Star contest series based on the Israeli programme "HaKokhav HaBa".
 The TV viewers become the instant ultimate juries with expert panelists given only a nominal percentage weight in voting.
 The French rights were bought by specialized music-oriented station M6.
Iron Man, also known as Iron Man: The Animated Series, is an American animated television series based on Marvel Comics' superhero Iron Man.
 The series aired from 1994 to 1996 in syndication as part of "The Marvel Action Hour", which packaged "Iron Man" with another animated series based on Marvel properties, the "Fantastic Four", with one half-hour episode from each series airing back-to-back.
 The show was backed by a toy line that featured many armor variants.
Raimund Harmstorf (7 October 1939 in Hamburg – 3 May 1998 in Marktoberdorf) was a German actor.
 He became famous as the protagonist of a German TV mini series based on Jack London's the Sea-Wolf (which was sold into many countries) and starred later on successfully in another German TV series based on Jules Verne's Michael Strogoff.
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
 is the name of several documentary television series based on the newspaper feature.
 The first series aired on NBC from 1949 to 1950, and was hosted by Robert L. Ripley until his death, after which several substitute hosts filled in.
 The series was revived for ABC in the 1980s, and was hosted primarily by Jack Palance.
 Another revival debuted on TBS in 2000, and aired until 2003, with Dean Cain as host.
 A Filipino version, hosted by Chris Tiu, debuted in 2008.
 An animated series based on the "Ripley's" franchise was also created.
"The Office" is a television series based on the British television comedy of the same name.
 The format of the series is a parody of the fly on the wall documentary technique that intersperses traditional situation comedy segments with mock interviews with the show's characters, provides the audience access to the ongoing interior monologues for all of the main characters, as well as occasional insights into other characters within the show.
Auger electron spectroscopy (AES; pronounced ] in French) is a common analytical technique used specifically in the study of surfaces and, more generally, in the area of materials science.
 Underlying the spectroscopic technique is the Auger effect, as it has come to be called, which is based on the analysis of energetic electrons emitted from an excited atom after a series of internal relaxation events.
 The Auger effect was discovered independently by both Lise Meitner and Pierre Auger in the 1920s.
 Though the discovery was made by Meitner and initially reported in the journal "Zeitschrift für Physik" in 1922, Auger is credited with the discovery in most of the scientific community.
 Until the early 1950s Auger transitions were considered nuisance effects by spectroscopists, not containing much relevant material information, but studied so as to explain anomalies in X-ray spectroscopy data.
 Since 1953 however, AES has become a practical and straightforward characterization technique for probing chemical and compositional surface environments and has found applications in metallurgy, gas-phase chemistry, and throughout the microelectronics industry.
Katri, Girl of the Meadows (牧場の少女カトリ , Makiba no Shōjo Katori ) is an anime series based on the Finnish novel, ""Paimen, piika ja emäntä"" by Auni Nuolivaara.
 The series was broadcast originally in Japan in 1984 as part of the children's anthology series "World Masterpiece Theater", also known simply as ""Meisaku" from Nippon Animation.
 The anthology had before and after produced a great variety of animated series based on different children's novels from around the world; among them were "" (1983) and "Little Princess Sara" (1985).
 In Europe, where "World Masterpiece Theater" series have found huge success, "Katri, Girl of the Meadows" made its way to different countries, including Spain, Italy, France, and Germany.
 The series has never been broadcast or published in Finland where it remains mostly unknown.
