Gilbert Town Historic District is a set of three archaeological sites and national historic district located near Rutherfordton, Rutherford County, North Carolina.
 From 1776 to 1783, Gilbert Town was an important trading center and served as a camp for both Patriot and Loyalist forces during the American Revolutionary War.
 Gilbert Town included the William Gilbert House, a store, tavern, mill and blacksmith shop.
 Gilbert Town was also the site of the Rutherford County Courthouse from 1781 to 1783.
 The sites are located along the approximate location of Rock Road on the Overmountain Victory National Historic Trail.
Greater Newport Rural Historic District is a national historic district located near Newport, Giles County, Virginia.
 It encompasses a total of 737 contributing buildings and 25 contributing structures in the rural area near the village of Newport.
 It encompasses the previously listed Newport Historic District.
 The district includes primarily 19th- and early-20th-century farmsteads and complexes.
 Notable buildings include the "Camper" Cabin (late 18th century), Albert Meredith Cabin (c. 1840), E. L. Lucas House (c. 1850), Moses Atkins House (1837), William Lafon House (1855), Doak Lucas House (1860), Leonard Kessinger House (1871), Martin Farrier House (1905), Steve and Lori Taylor House (1938), Upper Spruce Run School (1890), Clover Hollow Christian Church (1921), Sherry Memorial Church, Old Cook Mill (c. 1910), three standing diminutive Burr covered bridges, a smelting furnace (1871), the Mountain Lake Hotel Resort, and the Biological Station of the University of Virginia (1934).
The Calumet Downtown Historic District is a historic district located in Calumet, Michigan, on 5th Street and 6th Street, between Scott Street and Pine Street.
 It is also known as the Red Jacket Downtown Historic District, reflecting the original name of the village.
 The Historic District is completely contained in the Calumet Historic District (a National Historic Landmark District) and the Keweenaw National Historical Park.
 It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Elmwood Historic District–East is a national historic district located at Buffalo, Erie County, New York.
 The district encompasses 2,405 contributing buildings, 31 contributing structures, and 14 contributing objects in the Elmwood Village neighborhood of Buffalo.
 It is bounded on the north by Delaware Park, Forest Lawn Cemetery, and the former Buffalo State Asylum, on the south by the Allentown Historic District, and on the west by the Elmwood Historic District–West.
 This predominantly residential district developed between about 1867 and 1965, and includes notable examples of Queen Anne, Shingle Style, Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival, and American Craftsman style architecture.
 The district contains one of the most intact collections of built resources from turn of the 20th century in the city of Buffalo and western New York State.
 Located in the district are 17 previously listed contributing resources including the Buffalo Seminary, Garret Club, James and Fanny How House, Edgar W. Howell House, Edwin M. and Emily S. Johnston House, Col. William Kelly House, Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church, Parke Apartments, and the Unitarian Universalist Church of Buffalo.
 Other notable building include the Frank Lloyd Wright designed William R. Heath House (1904-1905), Herbert H. Hewitt House (c. 1898), School 56 (1910-1911), the Harlow House (c. 1892), A. Conger Goodyear house (c. 1908), Alexander Main Curtiss House (now the Ronald McDonald House, 1895), Nardin Academy campus (c. 1914), and Coatsworth House (1897).
Glimmerglass Historic District is a national historic district located near Cooperstown in Otsego County, New York.
 The 15000 acre district encompasses parts of three towns, Otsego, Springfield, and Middlefield and the village of Cooperstown.
 It encompasses the physical and social sphere of Otsego Lake and its immediate environs.
 It includes 1,475 contributing features, some of which were previously listed including the Cooperstown Historic District, U.S. Post Office (Cooperstown, New York), and Hyde Hall in Glimmerglass State Park.
Cold Spring is a village in the town of Philipstown in Putnam County, New York, United States.
 The population was 1,983 at the 2010 census.
 It borders the smaller village of Nelsonville and Garrison.
 The central area of the village is on the National Register of Historic Places as the Cold Spring Historic District due to its many well-preserved 19th-century buildings, constructed to accommodate workers at the nearby West Point Foundry (itself a Registered Historic Place today).
 The town is the birthplace of General Gouverneur K. Warren, who was an important figure in the Union Army during the Civil War.
 The village, located in the Hudson Highlands, sits at the deepest point of the Hudson River, directly across from West Point.
 Cold Spring serves as a weekend getaway for many residents of New York City.
Crooked Run Valley Rural Historic District is a national historic district located near Paris, Fauquier County, Virginia.
 The district encompasses 386 contributing buildings, 27 contributing sites, and 21 contributing structures.
 It includes the separately listed Delaplane Historic District and Paris Historic District.
Arrow Rock is a village in Saline County, Missouri, United States, located near the Missouri River.
 The village has important historical significance related to westward expansion, the Santa Fe Trail and 19th century artist George Caleb Bingham.
 The state’s first state historic site is located here and the entire village is part of the National Historic Landmark Arrow Rock Historic District, designated by the Department of the Interior, National Park Service in 1963.
 Many structures within the village are also individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Several locations are also certified sites of the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail and the Santa Fe National Historic Trail.
Cromwell's Run Rural Historic District is a national historic district located near Rectortown, Fauquier County, Virginia.
 The district encompasses 384 contributing buildings, 20 contributing sites, and 36 contributing structures.
 It includes the separately listed Atoka Historic District and Rectortown Historic District.
Elmwood Historic District–West is a national historic district located at Buffalo, Erie County, New York.
 The district encompasses 1,971 contributing buildings, 4 contributing structures, and 13 contributing objects in the Elmwood Village neighborhood of Buffalo.
 It is built around the Buffalo Parks and Parkways system bounded on the north by Delaware Park, Forest Lawn Cemetery, and the former Buffalo State Asylum, on the south by the Allentown Historic District, and on the east by the Elmwood Historic District–East.
 This predominantly residential district developed between about 1867 and 1941, and includes notable examples of Queen Anne, Shingle Style, Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival, and American Craftsman style architecture.
 The district contains one of the most intact collections of built resources from turn of the 20th century in the city of Buffalo and western New York State.
 Located in the district are six previously listed contributing resources including the Richmond Avenue Methodist-Episcopal Church and the Buffalo Tennis and Squash Club.
 Other notable building include the H.C. Gerber House (1908), the Fred Dullard House (1910), the William H. Scott House (1904), St. John’s-Grace Episcopal Church designed by Bertram Grosvenor Goodhue (1925–26), Davidson House (1885), former Jehle Grocery Store and Residence (c. 1886, 1899), St. Luke’s Episcopal Church (now Symphony Bible Church, 1886, 1893), Temple Beth El (now Greater Emmanuel Temple Church, Inc., 1910-1911), Richmond Avenue Church of Christ (now Bryant Parish Condominiums (c. 1885-1887), and Pilgrim-St.
 Luke’s United Church of Christ (1911).
