Ambulance is a British documentary television series on BBC One currently narrated by Christopher Ecclestone and formerly narrated by Kris Marshall which follows the work of the London Ambulance Service in series 1 and the West Midlands Ambulance Service for series 2.
 Series 2 is produced by Dragonfly Film and Television Productions.
Murder City is a British crime drama series produced by Granada Television, first broadcast on 18 March 2004 on ITV, that focuses on two mismatched detectives — DI Susan Alembic (Amanda Donohoe) and DS Luke Stone (Kris Marshall) — who scour London solving complex cases.
 The first series consisted of six episodes.
 A second and final series of four episodes was subsequently commissioned, which began broadcast on 5 April 2006.
 Following declining viewing figures, a third series of "Murder City" was not commissioned.
 BBC America began airing the complete series on August 17, 2006, and it was subsequently released in a Region 1 four-disc DVD box set by Image Entertainment on August 14, 2007.
Sold is a British comedy drama television series produced by Touchpaper Television for ITV.
 The series stars Kris Marshall and Bryan Dick as Matt and Danny, employees of Colubrines Estate Agents.
 It is written by Steve Coombes and was broadcast between 15 November and 20 December 2007.
Metropolis is an eight-part British television drama series, first broadcast in May 2000.
 The series was written by Peter Morgan, produced by Glenn Wilhide and directed by Tim Whitby for Granada Television on ITV.
 The series starred a notable cast including James Fox, Louise Lombard, James Purefoy, Kris Marshall, Flora Montgomery and Matthew Rhys.
 "Metropolis" follows a group of friends who have recently graduated from university, making their way in the big city.
 Music for the series was composed by Jonathan Whitehead.
"Death in Paradise" was first commissioned in 2010 by the BBC and originally starred Ben Miller as D.I. Richard Poole and Sara Martins as D.S. Camille Bordey.
 The first series began airing in October 2011.
 The show was recommissioned and a second series aired in January 2013.
 A third series was confirmed in February 2013 and aired in January 2014.
 Miller, who had previously announced he would be leaving the show, left after the first episode and was replaced by Kris Marshall.
Detective Inspector Humphrey Goodman is a character in the crime drama television series "Death in Paradise", portrayed by Kris Marshall.
Citizen Khan is a family-based British sitcom produced by the BBC and created by Adil Ray.
 Five series have been shown so far.
 It is set in Sparkhill, East Birmingham, described by its lead character, a Pakistani Muslim Mr Khan (Adil Ray), as "the capital of British Pakistan".
 "Citizen Khan" follows the trials and tribulations of Mr Khan, a loud-mouthed, patriarchal, cricket-loving, self-appointed community leader, and his long suffering wife (played by Shobu Kapoor) and daughters Shazia (Maya Sondhi 2012–2014, Krupa Pattani 2015–) and Alia (Bhavna Limbachia).
 In Series One, Kris Marshall starred as Dave, the manager of Mr Khan's local mosque.
 The first name of Mrs Khan is Razia, however Mr Khan's first name is never revealed.
The first series of BBC family sitcom "My Family" originally aired between 19 September and 7 November 2000.
 The first episode of the series, and the pilot episode, was entitled "The Serpent's Tooth".
 All eight episodes in the first series are thirty minutes long.
 The first episode introduces the five main characters that regularly appear in the series: Robert Lindsay, who plays Ben, Zoë Wanamaker, who plays Susan, Kris Marshall, who plays Nick, Daniela Denby-Ashe, who plays Janey, and Gabriel Thomson, who plays Michael.
 A further regular member of the cast is Brigitte, played by Daisy Donovan, who appears in nearly every episode of the series.
 The series was produced by "Rude Boy Productions", a company that produces comedies created by Fred Barron.
 The series was filmed at Pinewood Studios in London, with a live studio audience.
Death in Paradise is a British-French crime comedy-drama television series created by Robert Thorogood, starring Ben Miller (series 1–3), Kris Marshall (series 3–6) & Ardal O'Hanlon (series 6–present).
 The programme is a joint UK and French production filmed on the French Caribbean island of Guadeloupe and broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom and France 2 in France.
 "Death in Paradise" has enjoyed high ratings, leading to repeated renewals.
 A sixth series began broadcasting on 5 January 2017 and aired its finale on 23 February, with the subsequent DVD release occurring three days later on 27 February 2017.
 The show will return in 2018 for a seventh series.
Kristopher "Kris" Marshall (born 11 April 1973) is an English actor.
 He has played Nick Harper in "My Family", Colin Frissell in the 2003 film "Love Actually", Adam in BT Retail adverts from 2005 until 2011, and Dave in the first series of "Citizen Khan" (2012).
 He played DI Humphrey Goodman in "Death in Paradise", taking over the role April 2013 for the show's third series and leaving it in February 2017 in the sixth series.
