Mountain Rangers was the nickname of an Oregon militia regiment formed in during the American Civil War.
 A mounted unit, the Mountain Rangers were officially Company A, 1st Regiment, 1st Brigade, Oregon State Militia.
McNeill's Rangers was an independent Confederate military force commissioned under the Partisan Ranger Act (1862) by the Confederate Congress during the American Civil War.
 The 210 man unit (equivalent to a small or under-strength battalion) was formed from Company E of the 18th Virginia Cavalry and the First Virginia Partisan Rangers (62nd Virginia Mounted Infantry).
 After the repeal of the Act on February 17, 1864, McNeill's Rangers was one of two partisan forces allowed to continue operation, the other being 43rd Battalion Virginia Cavalry (Mosby's Raiders).
 Both of these guerrilla forces operated in the western counties of Virginia and West Virginia.
 The Rangers were known to exercise military discipline when conducting raids.
 However, many Union generals considered Captain John Hanson McNeill (1815–1864) and his men to be "bushwhackers," not entitled to protection when captured, as was the case with other prisoners of war.
The spillover of the Syrian Civil War is the impact of the Syrian Civil War in the Arab world.
 Since the first protests during the Arab Spring, the increasingly violent Syrian Civil War has been both a proxy war for the major Arab powers, Turkey and Iran, and a potential launching point for a wider regional war.
 Fears of the latter were realized when the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), a Salafi Jihadist militant group and alleged former al-Qaeda affiliate, established itself in Syria in 2013, and later combined with the Iraqi Civil War into a single conflict the following year.
 The spillover of the Syrian Civil War is often dubbed as the Arab Winter.
The Clinton Group (also referred to as the Clinton Formation or the Clinton Shale) is a mapped unit of sedimentary rock found throughout eastern North America.
 The interval was first defined by the geologist Lardner Vanuxem, who derived the name from the village of Clinton in Oneida County, New York where several well exposed outcrops of these strata can be found.
 The Clinton Group and its lateral equivalents extend throughout much of the Appalachian Foreland Basin, a major structural and depositional province extending from New York to Alabama.
 The term has been employed in Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia, though in many of these areas the same interval is referred to as the Rose Hill, Rockwood, or Red Mountain Formations.
 Historically the term "Clinton" has also been assigned to several lower Silurian stratigraphic units in Ohio and Kentucky which are now known to be significantly older than the Clinton Group as it was originally defined.
 Many parts of this succession are richly fossiliferous, making the Clinton Group an important record of marine life during the early Silurian.
 Several economically valuable rock-types are found within this interval, though it is perhaps best known as a significant source of iron ore
The 8th Texas Cavalry, (1861–1865), popularly known as Terry's Texas Rangers, was a regiment of Texas volunteers for the Confederate States Army assembled by Colonel Benjamin Franklin Terry in August 1861.
 Though lesser known than The Texas Brigade, famous for their actions during the Battle of Gettysburg, the "Terry Rangers" distinguished themselves at several battles during the Civil War.
 In four years of service, Terry's Texas Rangers fought in about 275 engagements in seven states.
 The regiment earned a reputation that ranked it among the most effective mounted regiments in the Western Theater of the American Civil War.
William Polk Hardeman (November 4, 1816 – April 8, 1898) was a Confederate States Army brigadier general during the American Civil War.
 He had fought in the Texas War of Independence in 1836.
 He was a member of the Texas Rangers and fought in the Mexican-American War in 1846-1847.
 During the Civil War, he participated in Brigadier General Henry Hopkins Sibley's New Mexico Campaign and in the Red River Campaign.
 He had a variety of occupations after the war, including superintendent of public buildings and grounds at Austin, Texas.
Red Mountain is a 1951 Western historical film, starring Alan Ladd, set in the last days of the US Civil War.
 The plot centers on an attempt by Quantrill's Raiders to stir up rebellion in the West.
Civil War Roundtables (also referred to as Round Tables or CWRTs) are independent organizations that share a common objective in promoting and expanding interest in the study of the military, political and sociological history of the American Civil War.
 The oldest such group in the United States is The Civil War Round Table of Chicago, which was founded in 1941 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.
 The second and perhaps third oldest are the Civil War Round Table of Milwaukee (founded in 1947) and the Civil War Round Table of the District of Columbia (founded in 1951).
 There are hundreds of such organizations throughout the U.S., with some in other countries as well.
Mount McDowell (O'odham: S-wegĭ Doʼag, Yavapai: Wi:kawatha), more commonly referred to as Red Mountain, is located on the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Reservation, just north of Mesa, Arizona.
 It is named after General Irvin McDowell, a Union officer in the Civil War.
 Its elevation is 2832 ft .
 It is not the same landmark as the McDowell Peak, which is 11 mi away to the northwest.
The Hohokam ( ) were an ancient Native American culture centered in the present US state of Arizona.
 The Hohokam are one of the four major cultures of the American Southwest and northern Mexico in Southwestern archaeology.
 Considered part of the Oasisamerica tradition, the Hohokam established significant trading centers such as at Snaketown, and are considered to be the builders of the original canal system around the Phoenix metropolitan area, which the Mormon pioneers rebuilt when they settled the Lehi area of Mesa near Red Mountain.
 Variant spellings in current, official usage include Hobokam, Huhugam, and Huhukam.
