The Yonsei–Korea, Korea-Yonsei rivalry is the college rivalry between two universities located in Seoul, South Korea: Yonsei University and Korea University (Korea University and Yonsei University).
 Both schools are regarded as the most prestigious private universities in South Korea.
 Located within the same city, the campuses are only 30 minutes apart.
Nesna University College (Norwegian: "Høgskolen i Nesna" or "HiNe" ) is a university college, a Norwegian state institution of higher education.
 It is one of the 24 Norwegian state university colleges, and is located in the municipality of Nesna in Helgeland, Nordland county.
 It was established in 1918 as Nesna Teachers' College, and was reorganised as a state university college on 1 August 1994 following the university college reform.
 Today, the university college has approximately 1200 students and 130 employees.
 The original teachers' college was established in 1918 by the local priest, Ivar Hjellvik, making it the second oldest institution of higher education in Northern Norway.
 This university college has permanent satellite campuses in the neighboring towns of Mo i Rana and Sandnessjøen.
 Nesna University College hosts the Nordic Women's University.
Korea University Station is a subway station on the Seoul Subway Line 6.
 This station is located in front of the main entrance of Korea University.
 One of the exits is connected directly to the campus.
 City of Seoul has a plan to develop campus town in front of main entrance of Korea University.
 Furthermore, new commercial districts will be constructed between Korea University Station and Anam Station.
 This district is expected to be a fresh and active campus town.
Korea University Sejong Campus is Korea University's second campus.
 It was established in Sejong CitySouth Korea in 1980.
 Korea University Sejong Campus is a leading research oriented one.
 The campus consists of the Biomedical Campus in Osong Bio-health technopolis established by Korea's Ministry of Health & Welfare, New Research Campus (provisional name) in Sejong City which is established as Korea's new government district(Sejong Special Self-Governing City) Six colleges and schools in Sejong Campus are part of the twenty schools of Korea University.
Minhaeng Cho (born 26 February 1965) is a South Korean scientist in researching physical chemistry, spectroscopy, and microscopy.
 He joined the faculty of the Department of Chemistry, College of Science, in Korea University (http://www.korea.ac.kr/) in 1996.
 His research group actively studies nonlinear optical and vibrational spectroscopy, molecular dynamics simulations of chemical and biological systems in condensed phases, quantum dynamics of chemical reactions, linear and nonlinear chiroptical spectroscopy of biomolecules, quantum spectroscopy and imaging with high-precision laser technology, interferometric measurements of scattering fields for single particle tracking, chemically sensitive spectroscopy and imaging, surface-specific spectroscopy, and ultrafast vibrational microspectroscopy.
 He directed the National Creative Research Initiative Center for Coherent Multidimensional Spectroscopy (2000–2009).
 In December 2014, he was appointed as the Director of the IBS (Institute for Basic Science) Center for Molecular Spectroscopy and Dynamics, located in Korea University, Seoul, South Korea.
Korea University College of Medicine is the medical school of Korea University.
 It is located in Seoul, South Korea.
 As one of the oldest medical schools in South Korea, it has been historically regarded as one of the country's top medical schools.
 In the 2013 QS World University Rankings, it was ranked as the 3rd best medical school in South Korea.
Vestfold University College (Norwegian: "Høgskolen i Vestfold" , abbreviated as HiVe) was a university college in the county of Vestfold, Norway.
 The university college's campuses were formerly located in Borre and Eik.
 From 2010 the whole university college was co-located at Campus Bakkenteigen in Horten.
 It was established 1 August 1994 by the merger of three previous university colleges, and has approximately 4000 students and 450 employees.
 The university college has four faculties: Humanities and Education, Health Sciences, Business and Social Sciences, and Technology and Maritime Sciences.
 The college merged with Buskerud University College on 1 January 2014 to create Buskerud and Vestfold University College.
Kim MyungIn was born on September 2, 1946, in Uljin, Gyeongsangbuk-do.
 He graduated from Hupo High School and from Korea University with a degree in Korean Literature.
 He received his Ph.D. from Korea University in 1985.
 Kim is currently a professor of Korean Literature at Korea University.
 Kim has been a visiting professor at Brigham Young University, USA, and at Far Eastern College, Russia.
 Along with Lee Jongok and Kim Myeongsu, Kim is a member of the literary coterie Anti-Poetry.
Jochiwon, as of 2011, has a large foreign community of native English speakers considering its rather small size and population.
 This is due to the existence of two major universities: Hong-ik University and Korea University Korea University Sejong Campus, both satellite campuses.
 In addition to the universities, there are many public schools.
The Korea University Medical Center (KUMC) is a collection of several hospitals, as well as the College of Medicine and College of Nursing associated with Korea University in Seoul, South Korea
