Backspacer is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam, released on September 20, 2009.
 The bandmembers started writing instrumental and demo tracks in 2007, and got together in 2008 to work on an album.
 It was recorded from February through April 2009 with producer Brendan O'Brien, who had worked on every Pearl Jam album except their 1991 debut "Ten" and 2006's self-titled record—although this was his first production credit since 1998's "Yield".
 Material was recorded in Henson Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California and O'Brien's own Southern Tracks Recording in Atlanta, Georgia.
 The music on the album—the shortest of the band's career—features a sound influenced by pop and new wave.
 The lyrics have a more optimistic look than the ones in the politic-infused predecessors "Riot Act" and "Pearl Jam", something frontman Eddie Vedder attributed to the election of Barack Obama.
The 3rd Annual Latin Grammys were held in Los Angeles at the Kodak Theatre on Wednesday, September 18, 2002.
 Alejandro Sanz was the night's big winner winning a total of three awards including Album of the Year.
 The ceremony returned in style after the 2001 ceremony was cancelled because of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks across America, and all presenters apologized to viewers during the broadcast for such.
The 9/11 Commission Report, formally named Final Report of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States, is the official report of the events leading up to the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
 It was prepared by the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (informally sometimes known as the "9/11 Commission" or the "Kean/Hamilton Commission") at the request of United States president George W. Bush and Congress, and is available to the public for sale or free download.
"Fly Away from Here" is a power ballad by Aerosmith.
 It was the second single on their album, "Just Push Play".
 It was written by Aerosmith songwriters Marti Frederiksen and Todd Chapman.
 The song is a ballad about wanting to get away or escape with a loved one.
 It failed to make a significant impact on the charts, but did receive some airplay on adult contemporary varieties.
 The song is also featured in a slideshow of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
Kenneth Jones (1952–1969), was the son of Helen Myrl Carter (of country music's Carter Family) and of Glenn Jones.
 He is best remembered for a song he wrote called "Sing A Traveling Song" which appeared on Johnny Cash's albums "Hello, I'm Johnny Cash" and "Johnny Cash at Madison Square Garden".
 Kenneth was Cash's nephew-in-law.
 Cash's second wife, June Carter Cash, was Helen's sister.
 Kenneth, or Kenny as he was also known, wrote many songs and was a talented musician.
 At the time of his death he was under contract with Monument Records and appeared destined for a highly successful career.
 Following his death the Carter Family recorded one of his songs, "2001 Ballad to the Future".
 A few have noted the lyrics as being eerily prophetic of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States which took place more than thirty years after the song was written.
Dan Trant (May 15, 1961 – September 11, 2001) was a basketball player and Cantor Fitzgerald bond trader killed in the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States.
"Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town" is a song by the American rock band Pearl Jam.
 The song is the tenth track on the band's second studio album, "Vs." (1993).
 Although credited to all members of Pearl Jam, it was primarily written by vocalist Eddie Vedder.
 The length of the song's title was a reaction by the band to the fact that most of its songs featured one-word titles.
 The song is often referred to simply as "Small Town" by the band and its fans.
 Despite the lack of a commercial single release, the song managed to reach number 17 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.
 An acoustic version of the song can be found on the "Go" single.
 The song was included on Pearl Jam's 2004 greatest hits album, "rearviewmirror (Greatest Hits 1991–2003)".
 The song was used in promos for the final season of "Rescue Me".
"One More Day" is a song written by Bobby Tomberlin and Steven Dale Jones, and recorded by American country music group Diamond Rio.
 It was released in October 2000 as the second single and title track from their album "One More Day", in addition to gaining popularity after the death of NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt.
 The song reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.
 It also peaked at number 29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making it a minor crossover hit.
 After falling from the charts, it received heavy recurrent rotation as a tribute to the people who died in the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
When Pop Culture Saved America is an American documentary dealing with how American culture helped the country deal with the 9-11 terrorist attacks on the United States.
 Produced by David P. Levin, the film consists of interviews with stars and personalities such as Kristin Chenoweth, Idina Menzel, Denis Leary, Dan Rather, Regis Philbin, and Ray Romano.
 It was produced by Brainstorm, Inc. for The Biography Channel (now called FYI), as part of their remembrance of the attacks on their 10th anniversary.
 Which "Entertainment Weekly" cited as one of the 10 specials to watch on the tenth anniversary of the 9/11 Terrorist Attacks.
Riot Act is the seventh studio album by American rock band Pearl Jam, released on November 12, 2002 through Epic Records.
 Following a full-scale tour in support of its previous album, "Binaural" (2000), Pearl Jam took a year-long break.
 The band then reconvened in the beginning of 2002 and commenced work on a new album.
 The music on the record featured a diverse sound, including songs influenced by folk, art rock, and experimental rock.
 The lyrics deal with mortality and existentialism, with much influence from both the political climate after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and the accidental death of nine fans during Pearl Jam's performance at the 2000 Roskilde Festival.
