Lowe's Companies, Inc. is a Fortune 500 American company that operates a chain of retail home improvement and appliance stores in the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
 Founded in 1946 in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina, the chain has 1,840 stores in the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
Brico Dépôt (] ) is a French chain of DIY and Home Improvement stores, headquartered in Longpont-sur-Orge.
 The chain was created in 1993 by Castorama Dubois Investment, Castorama Dubois was later purchased by the UK Kingfisher Group.
 There are over 100 stores in France.
 There are also 16 in Spain, 3 in Portugal and 5 in Poland.
 .
 Some (15) were also opened in Romania after the acquisition of the Bricostore chain by Kingfisher.
Yardbirds Home Center is a defunct chain of home improvement stores based in Petaluma, California, United States.
 Their trademark colors were yellow and white.
 Their mascot was a white buzzard with yellow overalls.
 These stores were not affiliated with the Yard Birds stores based out of Chehalis, Washington that used a black bird with a yellow beak as its mascot.
EpiCentre K (Ukrainian: Епіцентр К ) is a national chain of stores in Ukraine that specializes in home improvement and gardening.
 The company is one of the first in the nation to introduce a chain of home improvement stores and has attained a great deal of success in expending throughout Ukraine in short period of time.
Lithia Motors, Inc. is an American nationwide automotive retailer headquartered in Medford, Oregon.
 It is the fourth largest automotive retailer in the United States.
 In 2015, Lithia Motors broke into the Fortune 500 list at #482, making it one of only three Oregon-based companies in the Fortune 500.
 This followed a year that saw the acquisition of the DCH Auto Group, one of the 10 largest dealer groups in the country, with 27 dealerships, before being purchased by Lithia Motors.
 In 2016, Lithia climbed to #346 and that same year made the Fortune 500 List of Top Ten Companies with the biggest Jump in rank on the Fortune 500.
 Today, Lithia is ranked #318 on the Fortune 500.
 Lithia employs more than 11,100 people in stores across the nation including Alaska and Hawaii.
 Lithia operates 160 stores in 18 states.
The Charlotte metropolitan area (also Metrolina, Charlotte Metro, or Charlotte USA) is a metropolitan area/region of North and South Carolina within and surrounding the city of Charlotte.
 Located in the Piedmont of the Southeastern United States, the Charlotte metropolitan area is well known for its auto racing history (especially NASCAR).
 The region is headquarters to 8 Fortune 500 and 7 Fortune 1000 companies including Bank of America, Duke Energy, Sealed Air Corporation, Nucor Steel, and Lowe's Home Improvement Stores.
 Additional headquarters include Harris Teeter, Food Lion, Cheerwine and Sundrop.
 It is home to one of the world's busiest airports , Charlotte Douglas International Airport, and is also the Carolinas' largest manufacturing region.
 The Charlotte MSA is the largest in the Carolinas, and the fourth largest metropolitan area in the Southeastern region of the United States behind, Miami, Atlanta, and Tampa.
Mitre 10 is a major New Zealand chain of home improvement stores established in June 1974.
 It employs close to 5000 team members combined and functions as a co-operative, with over 80 stores run by 60 local owner-operators.
Pergament Home Centers (today operating as Pergament Properties) is a former home improvement store chain in the New York tri-state area, with a heavy concentration of stores in New York and a few stores in New Jersey and Connecticut.
 They were home improvement stores similar to Rickel, which had a fairly diverse range of products.
 These stores did reasonably well until Home Depot did a major expansion starting in 1989 (taking over the retail space of many closing Modell's Shopping World locations).
Falabella is a Chilean multinational company.
 It is the second largest retail company in Chile after Cencosud and one of the largest in Latin America.
 It operates its flagship Falabella department stores in addition to Mall Plaza shopping centers, Tottus hyper & supermarkets, Banco Falabella banks, and Sodimac home improvement centers.
 The company also operates in the financial pharmaceutical sectors and others.
 The company has 259 stores and 27 Shopping malls.
 The stores are divided into 64 department stores branded as Falabella, 114 home improvement stores called Sodimac and 64 supermarkets branded as Tottus.
 In Peru the company owns the Saga Falabella, listed in the Lima Stock Exchange.
The Baumax AG (own spelling: "bauMax") was an Austrian chain of home improvement stores.
 It was founded in 1976 by Karlheinz Essl, Sr. in the city of Klosterneuburg and operated more than 150 stores in Austria and several countries of Eastern Europe.
 As of 2010, the company employed over 9,000 people and generated an annual revenue of 1.13 billion euros.
 When the business came into financial trouble during the 2007 financial crisis, it was finally broken up by creditors in 2014/15.
