The Sri Lankan national cricket team toured New Zealand February to April 1995 and played a two-match Test series against the New Zealand national cricket team.
 Sri Lanka won the series 1–0.
 New Zealand were captained by Ken Rutherford and Sri Lanka by Arjuna Ranatunga.
 In addition, the teams played a three-match series of Limited Overs Internationals (LOI) which New Zealand won 2–1.
This was the first time that Sri Lanka went onto win a test as well as a test series in New Zealand.
The Pakistan national cricket team toured New Zealand in January and February 1985 and played a three-match Test series and four One Day International (ODI) matches against the New Zealand national cricket team.
 New Zealand won the series 2–0 and Pakistan won the ODI series 3–1.
 New Zealand were captained by Geoff Howarth and Pakistan by Javed Miandad.
 This was New Zealand's last Test series win against Pakistan until November 2016.
The Zimbabwe national cricket team toured New Zealand in February and March 1998 and played a two-match Test series against the New Zealand national cricket team followed by five Limited Overs Internationals (LOI).
 New Zealand won both Test matches convincingly to take the series 2–0.
 New Zealand were captained by Stephen Fleming and Zimbabwe by Andy Flower.
 New Zealand won the LOI series 4–1.
The Pakistan national cricket team toured New Zealand in December and January 1992–93 and played a Test match against the New Zealand national cricket team, winning the match by 33 runs.
 New Zealand were captained by Ken Rutherford and Pakistan by Javed Miandad.
 In addition, the teams played a three-match series of Limited Overs Internationals (LOI) which New Zealand won 2–1.
The England national cricket team toured New Zealand in March 1947 and played a single Test match against the New Zealand national cricket team.
 The game was ruined by rain and ended in a draw.
 England were captained by Wally Hammond and New Zealand by Walter Hadlee, who scored 116.
The Australia national cricket team toured New Zealand from February to March 1990 and played a single Test match against the New Zealand national cricket team which New Zealand won.
 New Zealand were captained by John Wright and Australia by Allan Border.
 In addition, the teams took part in a Limited Overs International (LOI) tournament with the India national cricket team which Australia won.
The England national cricket team toured Ceylon, Australia and New Zealand in the 1929–30 season to play a Test series against the New Zealand national cricket team.
 This was the first Test series ever played by New Zealand.
 England began the tour in October 1929 in Ceylon with a single minor match and then in Australia where they played five first-class matches.
 The New Zealand leg of the tour began in December and, in addition to the Test series, England played each of the main provincial teams: Auckland, Wellington, Canterbury and Otago.
 England, captained by Harold Gilligan, won the Test series 1–0 with three matches drawn.
This is a list of the New Zealand national cricket team's test match victories.
 The New Zealand cricket team played its first Test in January 1930 against England in Christchurch, New Zealand.
 The team won their first Test 45 matches and 26 years later, against the West Indies at Eden Park, Auckland in the 1955/56 season.
 As of 1 January 2017, NZ has played 417 Test matches, won 87, lost 169, and drawn 161.
The Zimbabwe national cricket team toured New Zealand in December 2000 and January 2001 and played one Test match against the New Zealand national cricket team followed by three Limited Overs Internationals (LOI).
 The single test was drawn.
 New Zealand were captained by Stephen Fleming and Zimbabwe by Heath Streak.
 Zimbabwe won the LOI series 2–1.
The Pakistan national cricket team toured New Zealand in December 1995 and played a Test match against the New Zealand national cricket team, winning by 161 runs.
 New Zealand were captained by Lee Germon and Pakistan by Wasim Akram.
 In addition, the teams played a four-match series of Limited Overs Internationals (LOI) which was tied 2–2.
