David Stephen Gordon Goodman (born 1948) is Professor and Head of the Department of China Studies at Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University in Suzhou.
 He is also Emeritus Professor of Chinese Politics at the University of Sydney and an Emeritus Professor at the University of Technology, Sydney.
Jay Blumler (born 1924) is an American-born theorist of communication and media.
 He is now Emeritus Professor of Public Communication at the University of Leeds, and also Emeritus Professor of Journalism at the University of Maryland, having spent his early academic life largely in the UK.
Emeritus Professor Barry Ernest Conyngham, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} , (born 27 August 1944) is an Australian composer and academic.
 He has over seventy published works and over thirty recordings featuring his compositions, and his works have been premiered or performed in Australia, Japan, North and South America, the United Kingdom and Europe.
 His output is largely for orchestra, ensemble or dramatic forces.
 He is an Emeritus Professor of both the University of Wollongong and Southern Cross University.
 He is currently Dean of the Faculty of the VCA and MCM at the University of Melbourne.
Emeritus Professor Stuart Rees AM is an Australian academic, human rights activist and author who is the founder of the Sydney Peace Foundation  and Emeritus Professor at the Centre for Peace and Conflict Studies at the University of Sydney in Australia.
 In his numerous books on social justice issues and in several anthologies of poetry, he has been described as one of the most humane voices of our (Australia's) generation, a writer always committed to passionately illuminating questions about social justice and to crafting answers to the biggest question of all - what it means to be human.
Colum Kenny is an author and emeritus professor at Dublin City University (DCU), in Dublin, Ireland.
 Emeritus Professor, B.C.L., Barrister-at-Law, Ph.D.
 Columnist for the "Irish Times".
 Formerly chair of the Masters in Journalism programme at DCU.
 School of Communications faculty 1982-2015.
 Areas of special interest include media and culture, history and society.
 A member of the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland 2010-2015 and of the Broadcasting Commission of Ireland/IRTC 1998-2003.
 A former employee of RTE, he was a founding board member of the E.U. Media Desk in Ireland and is a council member of the Irish Legal History Society.
 He was a member of the Media Mergers Advisory Group that reported to the Minister for Enterprise, Trade and Employment in 2008.
 The author of many academic articles on cultural and media matters, he is also a member of the National Union of Journalists and a frequent contributor to media debates and a consultant on communications.
 Awarded the DCU President's Award for Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences, 2004/5.
Cees Jan Hamelink (born 14 September 1940) is a Dutch academic known for his work on communication, culture, and technology.
 He is emeritus professor of international communications and emeritus professor of media at the University of Amsterdam; professor in management information and knowledge at the University of Aruba; and professor of media, religion and culture at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam.
Donald L. D. Caspar (born January 8, 1927) is an American structural biologist (the very term he coined) known for his works on the structures of biological molecules, particularly of the tobacco mosaic virus.
 He is an emeritus professor of biological science at the Institute of Molecular Biophysics, Florida State University, and an emeritus professor of biology at the Rosenstiel Basic Medical Sciences Research Center, Brandeis University.
 He has made significant scientific contributions in virus biology, X-ray, neutron and electron diffraction, and protein plasticity.
Peter McLaren (born August 2, 1948) is Distinguished Professor in Critical Studies, College of Educational Studies, Chapman University, where he is Co-Director of the Paulo Freire Democratic Project and International Ambassador for Global Ethics and Social Justice.
 He is also Emeritus Professor of Urban Education, University of California, Los Angeles, and Emeritus Professor of Educational Leadership, Miami University of Ohio.
 He is also Honorary Director of Center for Critical Studies in Education in Northeast Normal University, Changchun, China.
The Journal of Contemporary Asia (JCA) is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of Asian studies.
 It was established in 1970 and is published quarterly by Routledge.
 It is currently edited by Kevin Hewison (Emeritus Professor, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill).
 One of its founders, Peter Limqueco is editor emeritus.
 The co-editors are Geoffrey Gunn (Emeritus Professor, Nagasaki University), Richard Westra (Nagoya University) and Toby Carroll (City University of Hong Kong).
Joost Alois Businger (born 29 March 1924) is a Dutch-American meteorologist.
 He is an emeritus professor at the University of Washington.
 Businger is best known for his work on atmospheric boundary layer (ABL).
