Bon Cop, Bad Cop 2 is a Canadian comedy film that was released in May 2017.
 A sequel to the 2006 film "Bon Cop, Bad Cop", it stars Colm Feore and Patrick Huard in a reprisal of their original roles.
Sylvain Marcel (born 1964) is a Canadian actor.
 Marcel is best known in French Canada for appearing in Familiprix television commercials since 2003, and in English Canada for his role in the hit film "Bon Cop, Bad Cop" as Luc Therrien.
 He has also appeared in various other films and television shows.
Kevin Tierney is an Irish-Canadian  film producer from Montreal who earned a Genie Award for Best Motion Picture for the film "Bon Cop, Bad Cop", for which he also wrote the script.
 He has also produced other titles including "One Dead Indian", "Good Neighbours" and "Twist".
 He is the father of Canadian actor and director Jacob Tierney.
 His directorial debut is "French Immersion".
 He attended the McGill faculty of Education in 1973 and taught abroad and in Montreal for 12 years.
Bon Cop, Bad Cop is a 2006 Canadian dark comedy-thriller buddy cop film about two police officers - one Ontarian and one Québecois - who reluctantly join forces to solve the murder.
 The dialogue is a mixture of English and French.
 The title is a translation word play on the phrase "Good cop/bad cop".
There are professional teams based in Canada in several professional sports leagues.
 The National Hockey League has seven Canadian franchises and is the most popular professional sports league in Canada.
 The second most popular sports league in Canada is the Canadian Football League.
 Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association and Major League Soccer are also popular in Canada, more so in Ontario than the rest of the country.
Louis-José Houde (born October 19, 1977 in Saint-Apollinaire, Québec) is a French-Canadian comedian, who mostly does stand-up comedy and also has his own TV show.
 Recently Houde has broken into acting in feature films, such as "Bon Cop, Bad Cop" (2006), "Father and Guns (De père en flic)", 2009) and "Le Sense de l'humour".
 He is a graduate of Québec's École nationale de l'humour.
Richard "Rick" Howland is a Canadian actor known for his role as Trick on "Lost Girl" and Harry Buttman (a parody of Gary Bettman) in "Bon Cop, Bad Cop".
Starbuck is a 2011 Canadian comedy film directed by Ken Scott and written by Scott and Martin Petit.
 It stars Patrick Huard ("Bon Cop, Bad Cop"), Antoine Bertrand, and Julie LeBreton as the main character, his friend/lawyer, and his girlfriend, respectively.
Suzanne Shepherd is an American actress and theater director.
 She is best known for her portrayal of Karen's overbearing mother in the film "Goodfellas", Carmela Soprano's mother Mary De Angelis in the HBO television series "The Sopranos", and the assistant school principal in "Uncle Buck".
 She also played the role of Mrs. Scarlini in the film 2000 film "Requiem for a Dream", and Big Ethel in "A Dirty Shame".
 Shepherd studied acting with Sanford Meisner, and later went on to teach Meisner's program of acting study, the first woman to do so.
 She was a founding member of the Compass Players in the early 1960s, along with such other actors as Alan Alda and Alan Arkin.
 In 2016, she played the role of Lucille Abetemarco the mother of Detective Anthony Abetemarco played by former "Sopranos" co-star Steve Schirripa in "Good Cop Bad Cop" the 2nd episode of the 7th season of the CBS police procedural drama "Blue Bloods".
 Her daughter is artist Kate Shepherd.
The Commissioner of Baseball is the chief executive of Major League Baseball (MLB) and the associated Minor League Baseball (MiLB) – a constellation of leagues and clubs known as organized baseball.
 Under the direction of the Commissioner, the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball hires and maintains the sport's umpiring crews, and negotiates marketing, labor, and television contracts.
 The commissioner is chosen by a vote of the owners of the teams.
 The current commissioner is Rob Manfred, who assumed office on January 25, 2015.
