Hindu views of homosexuality and, in general, LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) issues, are diverse and different Hindu groups have distinct views.
 Homosexuality is regarded as one of the possible expressions of human desire.
 Although some Hindu dharmic texts contain injunctions against homosexuality, a number of Hindu mythic stories have portrayed homosexual experience as natural and joyful.
 There are several Hindu temples which have carvings that depict both men and women engaging in homosexual sex.
 Same-sex relations and gender variance have been represented within Hinduism from Vedic times through to the present day, in rituals, law books, religious or so-called mythical narratives, commentaries, paintings, and sculpture.
 The extent to which these representations embrace or reject homosexuality has been disputed within the religion as well as outside of it.
 In 2009, The United Kingdom Hindu Council issued a statement that 'Hinduism does not condemn homosexuality', subsequent to the decision of the Delhi High Court to legalise homosexuality in India.
.
 The Supreme Court of India subsequently overturned the capital high court's decision in a move cheered by domestic Hindu groups in India such as the influential right-wing RSS, which concedes it should be "kept to the bedroom," does not believe it illegal but immoral as it is considered a rare condition
The Sacred Heart Parish Complex is historic former Roman Catholic church complex located at 321 S. Broadway in Lawrence, Massachusetts.
 It consists of five buildings built between 1899 and 1936, including a fine Gothic Revival stone church.
 A historic district encompassing the complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 29, 2011.
 The complex was sold by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston in 2004 in order to help pay for the liabilities related to the homosexual sex abuse scandal, payouts for the scandal so far is approximately $ 4,000,000,000 (4 billion) church wide.
The ages of consent vary by jurisdiction across Europe.
 The ages of consent are currently set between 14 and 18.
 The vast majority of countries set their ages in the range of 14 to 16; only five countries, Cyprus (17), Ireland (17), Malta (18), Turkey (18) and Vatican City (18), do not fit into this pattern.
 The laws can also stipulate the specific activities that are permitted or differentially specify the age at which a given sex can participate.
 Below is a discussion of the various laws dealing with this subject.
 The highlighted age is that at which, or above which, an individual can engage in unfettered sexual relations with another who is also at or above that age.
 In 2014, the self-declared state of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus lifted the ban on sodomy, decriminalizing homosexual sex.
 All jurisdictions in Europe have an equal and gender-neutral age limit.
The Homosexual Matrix is a book by American psychologist Clarence Arthur Tripp, in which the author discussed the biological and sociological implications of homosexuality, and also attempted to explain heterosexuality and bisexuality.
 The book was first published in 1975 by McGraw-Hill Book Company, and later republished in a revised edition in 1987.
 Tripp argued that people do not become homosexual due to factors such as hormone levels, fear of the opposite sex, or the influence of dominant and close-binding mothers, that the amount of attention fathers give to their sons has no effect on the development of homosexuality, that psychoanalytic theories of the development of homosexuality are untenable and based on false assumptions, and that sexual orientation is not innate and depends on learning.
 Tripp considered early puberty and early masturbation important factors in the development of male homosexuality, and maintained that a majority of people are heterosexual because their socialization has made them want to be heterosexual.
 He also argued in favor of social tolerance of homosexuality and non-conformist behavior in general.
Article 200 ("Articolul 200" in Romanian) was a section of the Penal Code of Romania that criminalised homosexual relationships.
 It was introduced in 1968, under the communist regime, during the rule Nicolae Ceauşescu, and remained in force until it was repealed by the Năstase government on 22 June 2001.
 Under pressure from the Council of Europe, it had been amended on 14 November 1996, when homosexual sex in private between two consenting adults was decriminalised.
 However, the amended Article 200 continued to criminalise same-sex relationships if they were displayed publicly or caused a "public scandal".
 It also continued to ban the promotion of homosexual activities, as well as the formation of gay-centred organisations (including LGBT rights organisations).
 Until it was repealed completely in 2001, the article was seen as the last Romanian law that discriminated against gays.
Naz Foundation v. Govt.
 of NCT of Delhi is a landmark Indian case decided by a two-judge bench of the Delhi High Court, which held that treating consensual homosexual sex between adults as a crime is a violation of fundamental rights protected by India's Constitution.
 The verdict resulted in the decriminalisation of homosexual acts involving consenting adults throughout India.
 This was later challenged in the Supreme Court of India.
The Littlest Victims is a 1989 CBS produced bio-drama about Dr. James Oleske.
 The TV film was written byKenneth Cavender and JJ Towne and directed by Peter Levin.
 Dr. Oleske was the first U.S. physician to diagnose AIDS in children during the epidemic's early years when it was widely thought to be spread only though homosexual sex.
 It starred Tim Matheson as Oleske and was first broadcast on April 23, 1989.
The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying, written by Sogyal Rinpoche in 1992, is a presentation of the teachings of Tibetan Buddhism based on the "Tibetan Book of the Dead" or "Bardo Thodol".
 The author wrote, "I have written "The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying" as the quintessence of the heart-advice of all my masters, to be a new "Tibetan Book of the Dead" and a "Tibetan Book of Life"."
 The book explores: the message of impermanence; evolution, karma and rebirth; the nature of mind and how to train the mind through meditation; how to follow a spiritual path in this day and age; the practice of compassion; how to care for and show love to the dying, and spiritual practices for the moment of death.
The Big Moo: Stop Trying to be Perfect and Start Being Remarkable (2005) is a collection of short essays on marketing.
 The essays were written by 32 different well-known authors in the field.
 They included Tom Peters, Malcolm Gladwell, Guy Kawasaki, Mark Cuban, and Dan Pink.
 The specific author of each essay, however, was not identified.
 The book's editor, Seth Godin said that to identify which author wrote what essay would have been a distraction.
 The goal of the book was to spark people's imaginations as well as raise money for charity.
 Proceeds from the book are donated to the Acumen Fund, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, and Room to Read.
Joost Schouten (c1600-1644) was a Dutch East Indies Company figure of considerable repute, in demand as an astute administrator, diplomat, courtier and negotiator for this Dutch colonial and mercantile outpost in the South-East Asian archipelago today known as Indonesia.
 In July 1644, Schouten was found to have engaged in homosexual sex with numerous men.
 Convicted of sodomy, a capital offence in the seventeenth-century Netherlands, he was burnt at the stake.
