The 1st Para-Commando Battalion (also known as The Cheetahs) is an elite Commando unit in the Bangladesh Army, established in 1976 inspired by the British Special Air Service.
 Headquartered in Sylhet, its raising commanding officer was Lieutenant Colonel Md.
 Zahurul Alam (retired as brigadier general in 2010).
 Some renowned officers of this unit are (before raising this unit, they were commandos but they were not in any commando unit.
 But now the commando unit has been raised so that their name has been kept in this unit.
 They all are war heroes, so it's also an honour for this unit): Late Lieutenant General Ziaur Rahman, Late Brigadier Khaled Mosharraf, Late Colonel A.T.M. Haider, Late Colonel Abu Taher, Lieutenant Colonel (Shaheed) Abdus Salam, Lieutenant Colonel Md.
 Mustafizur Rahman, Colonel Saiful Islam, Late Major M. Anwar Hossain (Hell Commando) etc.
The Battle of Bennington was a battle of the American Revolutionary War, part of the Saratoga campaign, that took place on August 16, 1777, in Walloomsac, New York, about 10 mi from its namesake Bennington, Vermont.
 A rebel force of 2,000 men, primarily composed of New Hampshire and Massachusetts militiamen, led by General John Stark, and reinforced by Vermont militiamen led by Colonel Seth Warner and members of the Green Mountain Boys, decisively defeated a detachment of General John Burgoyne's army led by Lieutenant Colonel Friedrich Baum, and supported by additional men under Lieutenant Colonel Heinrich von Breymann.
Lieutenant colonel is a rank of commissioned officer in the armies and most marine forces and some air forces of the world, above a major and below a colonel.
 The rank of lieutenant colonel is often shortened to simply "colonel" in conversation and in unofficial correspondence.
 Sometimes, the term, 'half-colonel' is used in casual conversation in the British Army.
 A lieutenant colonel is typically in charge of a battalion in the army.
The Battle of Coleto, also known as the Battle of Coleto Creek, the Battle of the Prairie, and the Batalla del encinal del Perdido, was fought on March 19–20, 1836, during the Goliad campaign of the Texas Revolution.
 In February, General José de Urrea led a branch of the Mexican army up the Gulf Coast of Mexican Texas toward Goliad, where a large contingent of soldiers from the Texian Army were garrisoned under Colonel James W. Fannin.
 Simultaneously, Mexican president Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna led a larger force into the Texian interior, where on March 6 his troops won the Battle of the Alamo.
 After learning of the Alamo's defeat, Texian general Sam Houston ordered Fannin to retreat from Goliad and join the rest of the army in Victoria.
The Siege of Béxar (or Bejar) was an early campaign of the Texas Revolution in which a volunteer Texian army defeated Mexican forces at San Antonio de Béxar (now San Antonio, Texas, US).
 Texians had become disillusioned with the Mexican government as President and General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna's tenure became increasingly dictatorial.
 In early October, 1835, Texas settlers gathered in Gonzales to stop Mexican troops from reclaiming a small cannon.
 The resulting skirmish, known as the Battle of Gonzales, launched the Texas Revolution.
 Men continued to assemble in Gonzales and soon established the Texian Army.
 Despite a lack of military training, well-respected local leader General Stephen F. Austin was elected commander.
Lieutenant Colonel Qazi Altaf Hussain (1920–1999) served in the British Indian Army later taking up a place in the Army of Pakistan.
 He advanced to various positions of leadership during his military career, serving as lieutenant colonel of the 11 Frontier Force Regiment, commandant of the Zhob Militia in Quetta, Pakistan, and commander of a regiment in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965.
 He was forced to retire as a lieutenant colonel, instead of advancing to general, as a result of his short-tempered, frank and outspoken nature.
The Grass Fight was a small battle during the Texas Revolution, fought between the Mexican Army and the Texian Army.
 The battle took place on November 26, 1835, just south of San Antonio de Béxar in the Mexican region of Texas.
 The Texas Revolution had officially begun on October 2 and by the end of the month the Texian had initiated a siege of Béxar, home of the largest Mexican garrison in the province.
 Bored with the inactivity, many of the Texian soldiers returned home; a smaller number of adventurers from the United States arrived to replace them.
 After the Texian Army rejected commander-in-chief Stephen F. Austin's call to launch an assault on Béxar on November 22, Austin resigned from the army.
 The men elected Edward Burleson their new commander-in-chief.
The Battle of the Alamo (February 23 – March 6, 1836) was a pivotal event in the Texas Revolution.
 Following a 13-day siege, Mexican troops under President General Antonio López de Santa Anna launched an assault on the Alamo Mission near San Antonio de Béxar (modern-day San Antonio, Texas, United States), killing all of the Texian defenders.
 Santa Anna's cruelty during the battle inspired many Texians—both Texas settlers and adventurers from the United States—to join the Texian Army.
 Buoyed by a desire for revenge, the Texians defeated the Mexican Army at the Battle of San Jacinto, on April 21, 1836, ending the revolution.
The Texian Army, also known as the Army of the People, was a military organization consisting of volunteer and regular soldiers who fought against the Mexican army during the Texas Revolution.
 Approximately 3,700 men joined the army between October 2, 1835, during the Battle of Gonzales through the end of the war on April 21, 1836, at the Battle of San Jacinto.
 After gaining independence the Texian Army would be officially known as the Army of the Republic of Texas.
 In 1846, after the annexation of Texas by the United States, the Army of the Republic of Texas merged with the US Army.
 Sam Houston became the new commander in chief of the new Texas army.
Senior lieutenant colonel ("SLTC") is a senior officer rank in the Singapore Armed Forces, ranking just above lieutenant colonel and below colonel.
 The senior lieutenant colonel rank designates those who have been tapped for higher appointments in the army, navy and air force.
 The insignia for the rank of SLTC consists of two Singapore state crests and a pair of laurels.
