Cristo Negros or Black Christs of Central America and Mexico trace their origins to the veneration of an image of Christ on a cross located in the Guatemalan town of Esquipulas, near the Honduran and El Salvadoran border.
 This image was sculpted in 1595 in wood and over time it blackened and gained a reputation for being miraculous.
 Little is known of how veneration of the image was spread by clergy, although there are records of its introduction in various locations, especially in Central America, southern Mexico, central Mexico (especially in areas near Mexico City) and even as far north as New Mexico.
 However, a number of these images, such as the ones in Chalma, State of Mexico and Mérida, Yucatán have origin stories that do not connect the local image with that of Esquipulas.
 The Cristo Negro of Esquipulas remains an important symbol for Central America, with its sanctuary the most visited site in the region.
 There are hundreds of other such images with at least local importance with Christ of Chalma attracting millions of visitors, second only to that of the Virgin of Guadalupe in Mexico.
 The popularity of the image continues to spread, with Central American and Mexican migrants bringing the image to the United States and Canada, founding new sanctuaries.
This is a list of the native wild mammal species recorded in Central America.
 Central America is usually defined as the southernmost extension of North America; however, from a biological standpoint it is useful to view it as a separate region of the Americas.
 Central America is distinct from the remainder of North America in being a tropical region, part of the Neotropic ecozone, whose flora and fauna display a strong South American influence.
 The rest of North America is mostly subtropical or temperate, belongs to the Nearctic ecozone, and has many fewer species of South American origin.
The Basilica of Esquipulas ( - "Basílica de Esquipulas") or Cathedral Basilica of the Black Christ of Esquipulas ( - "Catedral Basílica del Cristo Negro de Esquipulas") is a Baroque church in the city of Esquipulas, Guatemala, named after the image of the Black Christ of Esquipulas which it houses.
 It is the largest Roman Catholic church in Central America and southern Mexico and the only one in America with four bell-towers.
 It has the status of cathedral, minor basilica and Catholic sanctuary.
Couroupita is a genus of flowering plants of Lecythidaceae family first described as a genus in 1775.
 It is native to tropical South America and Central America.
Couroupita guianensis, known by a variety of common names including cannonball tree, is a deciduous tree in the family Lecythidaceae, which also includes the Brazil nut ("Bertholletia excelsa") and Paradise nut "Lecythis zabucajo".
 It is native to the rainforests of Central and South America, and it is cultivated in many other tropical areas throughout the world because of its beautiful, fragrant flowers and large, interesting fruits.
 There are medicinal uses for many parts of "Couroupita guianensis", and the tree has cultural and religious significance in India, Sri Lanka, and Southeast Asia.
Central America (Spanish: "América Central" or "Centroamérica" ) is the southernmost, isthmian portion of the North American continent, which connects with the South American continent on the southeast.
 Central America is bordered by Mexico to the north, Colombia to the southeast, the Caribbean Sea to the east, and the Pacific Ocean to the west.
 Central America consists of seven countries: Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama.
 The combined population of Central America is between 41,739,000 (2009 estimate) and 42,688,190 (2012 estimate).
Gnamptogenys triangularis is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Ectatomminae.
 Native to the forests of South and Central America, "G. triangularis" is a predatory ant that feeds on millipedes.
 In its native range, this species is known from Buenos Aires, Argentina in the south to Costa Rica in the north, with records from eight countries in South America, and two countries of Central America.
 The first records of "G. triangularis" outside its native range came from Florida beginning in 1985 and Alabama in 1996.
Graptopetalum (leatherpetal) is a plant genus of the family "Crassulaceae".
 They are perennial succulent plants and native to Mexico and Arizona.
 They grow usually in a rosette.
 There are around 19 species in this genus.
The Federal Republic of Central America (Spanish: "República Federal de Centroamérica" ), also called the United Provinces of Central America (Spanish: "Provincias Unidas del Centro de América" ) in its first year of creation, was a sovereign state in Central America consisting of the territories of the former Captaincy General of Guatemala of New Spain.
 It existed from September 1821 to 1841, and was a republican democracy.
 It is also sometimes incorrectly referred to in English as the United States of Central America.
Colpothrinax is a genus of palms native to Central America and the Caribbean.
 "Colpothrinax aphanopetala" is found in southern Central America (from southeast Nicaragua to Panama), while "Colpothrinax cookii" is found in northern Central America (from Belize to Honduras).
 The third species, "Colpothrinax wrightii", is endemic to southwest Cuba including the Isle of Youth.
