Tony Richards is a dark fantasy or horror author.
 He was born in 1956 in Greenford, England, and educated at University College School, Hampstead, before going on to study law at Middlesex University.
 Although he has written science fiction, mystery, and even mainstream stories, he is principally an author of supernatural, dark fantasy, and horror fiction.
 He has published three full-length novels, five novellas, and more than sixty short stories.
 His work has seen print in most major genre outlets, and he is a frequent contributor to Cemetery Dance Magazine and to anthologies compiled by the British editor Stephen Jones.
 An avid traveller, his fiction is often set in locations he has visited, most notably in his 2004 stand-alone novella Postcards from Terri, where the peripatetic heroine of the title goes to Hong Kong, Japan, Africa, Switzerland, Nicaragua, Istanbul, Budapest, Barcelona, Ottawa, Chicago, New York, Vancouver, and San Francisco during the course of the story.
 It is this quality that prompted the editor, publisher, and critic John Pelan to say of him: "He’s convincing … convincing enough that the locals will read about their city as described by Tony Richards and shudder.
 And that’s what we call a writers’ writer."
 He has twice been nominated, first in 1988 for the Bram Stoker Award for Best First Novel for "The Harvest Bride", and then in 2008 for the British Fantasy Award for Best Collection for "Going Back".
 He is married to Louise Richards, and lives in London.
 His latest novel, "Dark Rain", is set in the fictional town of Raine’s Landing, Massachusetts, and is intended to be the first of a series of books located there.
 The second such novel, "Night of Demons", is scheduled for publication in 2009.
This Magazine is Haunted was a horror comic originally published by Fawcett between 1951 and 1953.
 Running 14 issues, it was the first of Fawcett's supernatural line; a string of titles which included "Beware!
 Terror Tales", "Worlds of Fear", "Strange Suspense Stories", and "Unknown Worlds".
The assassination of Julius Caesar was the result of a conspiracy by many Roman senators.
 Led by Gaius Cassius Longinus, Decimus Junius Brutus, and Marcus Junius Brutus, they stabbed Julius Caesar to death in a location adjacent to the Theatre of Pompey on the Ides of March (March 15), 44 BC.
 Caesar was the dictator of the Roman Republic at the time, having recently been declared "dictator perpetuo" by the Senate.
 This declaration made several senators fear that Caesar wanted to overthrow the Senate in favor of tyranny.
 The conspirators were unable to restore the Roman Republic.
 The ramifications of the assassination led to the Liberators' civil war and, ultimately, to the Principate period of the Roman Empire.
Richard Christian Matheson (born October 14, 1953) is an American writer of horror fiction and screenplays.
 He is the author of over 100 critically hailed short stories of psychological horror and magic realism which are gathered in his landmark short story collections "Scars and Other Distinguishing Marks" #1 bestseller "Dystopia" and "Zoopraxis".
 He is the author of the critically celebrated suspense novel "Created By" and Hollywood novella "The Ritual of Illusion", and was the editor of the commemorative book "Battleground".
Elsewhere is a novel by William Peter Blatty, released on May 15, 2009 through Cemetery Dance Publications.
 It was originally published as a novella in 1999 in Al Sarrantonio's "999: New Stories of Horror and Suspense" anthology.
Mel Phillips (born Melvyn Phillips, March 15, 1940 in Brooklyn, New York) writes the post "MelPhillipsradioviews.com".
 He is a regular contributor to "Vox Jox".
 In the seventies he programmed radio stations WOR-FM, WXLO and WNBC, New York, WRKO AM&FM, Boston and KQV, Pittsburgh.
 He was general manager of Hooper Radio and worked in various disc jockey positions in Tampa, Nashville, Norfolk and Atlantic City in the sixties.
Stephen Edwin King (born September 21, 1947) is an American author of horror, supernatural fiction, suspense, science fiction, and fantasy.
 His books have sold more than 350 million copies, many of which have been adapted into feature films, miniseries, television series, and comic books.
 King has published 54 novels, including seven under the pen name Richard Bachman, and six non-fiction books.
 He has written nearly 200 short stories, most of which have been collected in book collections.
 Many of his stories are set in his home state of Maine.
 His novella "Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption" was the basis for the film "The Shawshank Redemption" which is widely regarded as one of the greatest films of all time.
William Scott Home (born January 2, 1940) is the pen name (and, later, legal name) of an American author, poet and biologist principally known for writing horror and dark fantasy.
 Best known for a short story that appeared in 1978 in "The Year’s Best Horror Stories" (along with Stephen King’s “Children of the Corn”, which also made the cut that year), Home was most prolific during the 1970s and 80s when his poetry and fiction was published in a wide range of media.
 Part of a circle of Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror writers that paid homage to M. P. Shiel and H. P. Lovecraft, Home is considered by many to be a unique talent in his own right.
 His range of styles and control of language and suspense is well-demonstrated in his published collection: "Hollow Faces, Merciless Moons".
 While he has not published much since the 1980s, Home is still writing and currently lives in the Dyea Valley, west of Skagway, Alaska.
The 53rd Texas Legislature met from January 13, 1953, to May 27, 1953, and March 15, 1954, to April 13, 1954.
 All members present during this session were elected in the 1952 general elections.
Fear: 13 Stories of Suspense and Horror is a 2010 horror anthology edited by R. L. Stine.
 Thirteen different authors contributed stories to the anthology, including Meg Cabot, Heather Graham, F. Paul Wilson, and Stine himself.
 Stine began writing the anthology after the International Thriller Writers asked him to write a book with several stories.
 Critical reception for the short story collection was positive, with one reviewer stating the stories were highly suspenseful, inventive, easy to understand, and fast-paced.
