"Kentucky Gambler" is a 1974 song written and performed by Dolly Parton.
 "Kentucky Gambler" was issued as a track from Dolly Parton's, "The Bargain Store" album from 1975.
 That same year, Merle Haggard, covered "Kentucky Gambler" where it was his nineteenth number one song on the country chart.
 (Coincidentally, Parton's "The Bargain Store" album featured a cover of a Haggard composition, "You'll Always Be Special to Me".)
 The Merle Haggard version stayed at number one for a single week and spent a total of eleven weeks on the chart.
 (The following year, Haggard would cover another Dolly Parton song, "The Seeker".)
Kentucky Blue Collar Band are an American country rock band.
 They were founded in 2004 deep in the foothills of Eastern Kentucky as the Blue Collar Band, composed of Goble Cantrell (rhythm guitar, vocals) and Mark Rohan (drums) along with Don Hayes (lead guitar) and Dean Ball (bass guitar).
 After discovering that another band already existed in Louisville, Kentucky with the name "Blue Collar Band", the band added "Kentucky" to its name and thus became the Kentucky Blue Collar Band.
 The band began performing as the Kentucky Blue Collar Band in 2006, adding Marc Currens as bass guitarist and harmony vocalist in 2008.
 With the release of their debut album "Rockin' the Road" in 2006 with independent record label Huba Records, the band garnered a good rotation of local radio play.
 Their second album "Long Hard Road", released in 2009, fared much better and was widely played, including winning song of the month in May 2009 on a Texas radio station, Hoss the Boss with DJ Don Cudd, as well as coming in fourth for song of the year on that same station's yearly contest for 2009, setting an all-time record at that point for most fan votes of any one song in the history of the contest.
 The band released their third album "Evolution" on March 15, 2011, with that album still working its way into and up the charts.
"Interstate Love Song" is a song by the American rock band Stone Temple Pilots.
 Released in 1994, the song is from the band's second studio album, "Purple".
 Considered to be one of the band's biggest hits, "Interstate Love Song" reached number one on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart on September 17, 1994.
 The song it replaced at number one was "Vasoline", also by Stone Temple Pilots.
 The song stayed at number one for 15 weeks, a record at the time and "Vasoline" stayed at number one for 2 weeks giving STP 17 consecutive weeks at number one with both songs combined.
 The song also peaked number two on the Modern Rock Tracks chart where "Vasoline" also peaked at the same position spot before.
 In 2003, "Interstate Love Song" was featured on the greatest hits compilation "Thank You".
 In 2009, it was named the 58th best hard rock song of all time by VH1.
 The song was ranked at number 17 on Australian alternative music station Triple J's Hottest 100 countdown of 1994.
 In the UK, the song peaked at number 53.
 "Interstate Love Song" is praised as one of the best songs of the 1990s.
Bustin' Out is the second album by American country rock band Pure Prairie League, released by RCA Records in 1972 (see 1972 in music).
 It features "Falling In and Out of Love," which ends in a segue to their hit song "Amie."
 Amie then concludes with the main chorus of "Falling In and Out of Love."
 Because of this interrelationship, many American classic rock and AOR radio stations play the pair of songs as a single track.
 The album features a guest appearance by lead guitarist Mick Ronson on the track Angel No. 9.
 The album ended up becoming far more popular a couple years after its release, during the height of the Country Rock, and Southern Rock boom of the mid-1970s.
 By then, band leader Craig Fuller was no longer in the band due to draft board issues.
 "Amie" was released as a single in 1973, and began receiving airplay mostly on college radio stations.
American singer Selena released twenty-seven official singles, seven promotional singles, and made five guest vocalist appearances.
 Her career began as the lead vocalist of Los Dinos in 1980.
 Her albums with Los Dinos on indie labels failed to achieve any chart success.
 In 1987, her cover of Ritchie Valens' "La Bamba" peaked at number 19 on the United States "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart, her first entry.
 She signed with EMI Latin nine years later as a solo artist though her band continued to tour with her.
 Selena appeared on "Buenos Amigos" with Salvadoran singer Álvaro Torres.
 The track peaked at number one on the U.S. Hot Latin Songs chart in 1991, the singer's first number one song.
 Subsequent singles, "Baila Esta Cumbia" and "Como la Flor", became popular songs on Mexican radio, with "Como la Flor" launching the singer's career in that country.
 "Como la Flor" peaked at number six on the Hot Latin Songs chart, despite popular culture claims that it was the singer's first number one single.
 The track has charted on the U.S. Regional Mexican Digital Songs list since its inception in 2010 and remains the singer's signature number and most popular recording.
Billy Wayne "Crash" Craddock (born June 16, 1939) is an American country and rockabilly singer.
 He first gained popularity in Australia in the 1950s with a string of rockabilly hits, including the Australian number one hit "Boom Boom Baby".
 Switching to country music, he gained popularity in United States in the 1970s with a string of top ten country hits, several of which were number one hits, including "Rub It In", "Broken Down in Tiny Pieces", and "Ruby Baby".
 Craddock is known to fans as "The King Of Country Rock Music " and "Mr. Country Rock" for his uptempo rock-influenced style of country music.
The highest-selling albums and EPs in the United States are ranked in the "Billboard" 200, published by "Billboard" magazine.
 The data are compiled by Nielsen Soundscan based on each album's weekly physical and digital sales.
 25 acts achieved number one albums during this year with artist such as Nelly and Shania Twain who had their albums debut at number one on the chart.
 Rapper Eminem's "The Eminem Show" is the best selling album of 2002 selling over approximately 7.6 million copies by the end of the year.
 It is also the longest running album of 2002 spending six non-consecutive weeks the chart and was known for its first full week of sales debut of 1.322 million copies which Nielsen SoundScan scanned as the sixth largest sales of all time in its first week.
 Its debut of 1.322 million copies has still not been matched by any album today since except for Taylor Swift's album "1989", which opened with first week sales of 1.279 million copies.
 The band Creed continued its eight week long run on the chart but is credited as the longest running album 2001.
 Jennifer Lopez earned her second number one album on the charts with "", which became the highest first week sales of a remix album at the time.
 R&B artist Ashanti earned her first number one album with her self-titled debut album "Ashanti", which opened up with first week sales of 503,000 copies in its first week alone.
 Puff Daddy earned his first number one album since "No Way Out" back in 1997.
 Rapper Jay-Z earned his fifth chart topper with "", which opened up with first week sales of 545,000 copies alone.
 Heavy metal band Disturbed earned its first number one album on the chart with "Believe", which opened up with first week sales of 284,000 copies alone.
 Country music singer Shania Twain's album "Up!
" opened up with a huge first week sales of 857,000 copies in its first week alone, giving her the recognition of the highest first week sales of her career and second highest of the year, only behind Eminem's "The Eminem Show" and at the time the fastest selling solo female album ever.
 Nelly's album "Nellyville" opened up with his highest first week sales of his career which logged on with huge sales of 714,000 copies in its first week alone, which beat his sales of his debut album "Country Grammar", which opened up with first week sales of 235,000 copies.
 Country singer Alan Jackson album "Drive" gave him his first number one album on the chart and opened up with first week sales of 211,000 copies alone.
The Kentucky Headhunters are an American country rock & southern rock band founded in 1968 as Itchy Brother.
 The band's discography comprises nine studio albums, three compilation albums, two video compilations and twenty-three singles.
 Of their albums, their 1989 debut "Pickin' on Nashville" is certified double platinum in the United States and Canada, while 1991's "Electric Barnyard" has a gold certification in both countries.
 Of the band's singles, four have reached Top 40 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts.
 Their highest chart peak is the number 8 "Oh Lonesome Me", which was originally a Number One single for Don Gibson.
Silencer is the debut studio album by New Zealand rock band Zed.
 It was produced and engineered by David Nicholas at Revolver Studios in Auckland, New Zealand, with final overdubbing and mixing at Mangrove Studios, north of Sydney, Australia.
 Recording sessions were over in seven weeks, but not before all band members and production staff were struck by influenza.
 The album was first released in New Zealand on 27 August 2000, via Universal Music Group.
 The album debuted at number one on the Official New Zealand Top 40 Albums chart, quickly achieving triple platinum status, and creating six hit singles.
 "Renegade Fighter" was also the number one song in New Zealand for the year 2000.
 In 2001, "Silencer" earned the band three wins at the New Zealand Music Awards including 'Album of the Year', 'Top Group', and 'Top Male Vocalist'.
 A bonus disc edition was released in early 2001, containing ten bonus tracks and three music videos, "Renegade Fighter", "Come On Down" and "Driver's Side".
Any Way the Wind Blows is the second and final studio album by American country music duo Brother Phelps.
 After its release, Doug re-joined country rock band The Kentucky Headhunters, of which he and Ricky Lee were both members previous to Brother Phelps' inception.
 This album produced singles in its title track and "Not So Different After All", although neither charted in the Top 40 on the "Billboard" country charts.
 The title track was originally recorded by J. J. Cale on his 1974 album "Okie".
 The track "Ragtop" was previously recorded by The Kentucky Headhunters on their 1989 debut album "Pickin' on Nashville", while "Cinderella" is a cover of a song originally released by the rock band Firefall.
 "Down into Muddy Water" would later be recorded by Shelly Fairchild on her 2004 debut album "Ride".
