Red's Dream is a 1987 American computer-animated short film produced by Pixar and directed by John Lasseter.
 The short film, which runs four minutes, stars Red, a unicycle.
 Propped up in the corner of a bicycle store on a rainy night, Red dreams about a better place.
 "Red's Dream" was Pixar's second computer-animated short following "Luxo Jr." in 1986, also directed by Lasseter.
Lasseter Family Winery is a winery located in Glen Ellen, Sonoma County, California.
 The winery was founded in 2000 by Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios CCO John Lasseter and his wife, Nancy Lasseter.
 The winery, once inhabited by the Grand Cru Winery, produces approximately 1,200 cases of French red wine blends annually, with the capacity to produce up to 6,000.
 The winery grows Bordeaux and Rhône varietals on 27 acres.
 One of the Lasseters' winemaking mentors was Jess Jackson, of Kendall-Jackson.
Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated buddy comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures.
 The directorial debut of John Lasseter, "Toy Story" was the first feature-length computer-animated film and the first feature film produced by Pixar.
 Taking place in a world where anthropomorphic toys pretend to be lifeless whenever humans are present, the film's plot focuses on the relationship between Woody, an old-fashioned pullstring cowboy doll (voiced by Tom Hanks), and Buzz Lightyear, an astronaut action figure (voiced by Tim Allen), as they evolve from rivals competing for the affections of Andy, their owner, to friends who work together to be reunited with Andy as his family prepares to move to a new home.
 The screenplay was written by Joss Whedon, Andrew Stanton, Joel Cohen and Alec Sokolow, based on a story by Lasseter, Pete Docter, Stanton and Joe Ranft.
 The film features music by Randy Newman, and was executive-produced by Steve Jobs and Edwin Catmull.
Wreck-It Ralph is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the 52nd Disney animated feature film.
 The film was directed by Rich Moore, who has directed episodes of "The Simpsons" and "Futurama", and the screenplay was written by Phil Johnston and Jennifer Lee from a story by Moore, Johnston, and Jim Reardon.
 John Lasseter served as the executive producer.
 The film features the voices of John C. Reilly, Sarah Silverman, Jack McBrayer, and Jane Lynch.
 The film tells the story of the eponymous arcade game villain who rebels against his role and dreams of becoming a hero.
 He travels between games in the arcade and ultimately must eliminate a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade and one that Ralph himself unintentionally started.
Planes is a 2013 American 3D computer-animated sports comedy film produced by DisneyToon Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is a spin-off of Pixar's "Cars" franchise and the first film in a planned "Planes" trilogy.
 Despite not being produced by Pixar, the film was co-written and executive produced by Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios' chief creative officer John Lasseter, who directed the first two "Cars" films.
 The film stars the voices of Dane Cook, Stacy Keach, Priyanka Chopra, Brad Garrett, Teri Hatcher, Danny Mann, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Roger Craig Smith, John Cleese, Carlos Alazraqui, Val Kilmer, and Anthony Edwards.
The Art of Walt Disney: From Mickey Mouse to the Magic Kingdoms (also known as The Art of Walt Disney) is a book by Christopher Finch, chronicling the artistic achievements and history of Walt Disney and The Walt Disney Company.
 The original edition was published in 1973; revised and expanded editions were issued in 1975, 1995, 2004, and 2011.
 The newest edition of the book covers a broad history of the company and specific sections for movies, Pixar, live action and the Theme parks.
 The latest edition also includes a foreword by John Lasseter.
Winnie the Pooh is a 2011 American animated buddy musical comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the 51st Disney animated feature film.
 Inspired by A. A. Milne's stories of the same name, the film is part of Disney's "Winnie the Pooh" franchise, the fifth theatrical "Winnie the Pooh" film released, and Walt Disney Animation Studios' second adaptation of "Winnie-the-Pooh" stories.
 Jim Cummings reprises his vocal roles as Winnie the Pooh and Tigger, while series newcomers Travis Oates, Tom Kenny, Craig Ferguson, Bud Luckey, and Kristen Anderson-Lopez provide the voices of Piglet, Rabbit, Owl, Eeyore, and Kanga, respectively.
 In the film, the aforementioned residents of the Hundred Acre Wood embark on a quest to save Christopher Robin from an imaginary culprit while Pooh deals with a hunger for honey.
 The film is directed by Stephen Anderson and Don Hall, adapted from Milne's books by a story team led by Burny Mattinson, produced by Peter Del Vecho, Clark Spencer, John Lasseter, and Craig Sost, and narrated by John Cleese.
Meet the Robinsons is a 2007 American computer-animated science fiction comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures on March 30, 2007.
 The 47th Disney animated feature film, it was released in standard and Disney Digital 3-D versions.
 The film is loosely based on characters from the children's book "A Day with Wilbur Robinson", by William Joyce.
 The voice cast includes Jordan Fry, Wesley Singerman, Harland Williams, Tom Kenny, Steve Anderson, Laurie Metcalf, Adam West, Tom Selleck, and Angela Bassett.
 It was the first film released after John Lasseter became chief creative officer of Walt Disney Animation Studios.
Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the third installment in Pixar's "Toy Story" series, and the sequel to 1999's "Toy Story 2".
 It was directed by Lee Unkrich, the editor of the first two films and the co-director of "Toy Story 2", written by Michael Arndt, while Unkrich wrote the story along with John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton, respectively director and co-writer of the first two films.
 The plot focuses on the toys Woody, Buzz Lightyear, and their friends dealing with an uncertain future as their owner, Andy, prepares to leave for college.
 The film features an ensemble voice cast with Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack, Don Rickles, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Estelle Harris, Jodi Benson, and John Morris reprising their roles from the previous films, along with Blake Clark as the voice of Slinky Dog (because Jim Varney died ten years before the release of the film) and Ned Beatty, Michael Keaton, Whoopi Goldberg, Timothy Dalton, Kristen Schaal, Bonnie Hunt, and Jeff Garlin voicing the new characters introduced in this film.
Luxo Jr. is a 1986 American computer-animated short film produced by Pixar and directed by John Lasseter.
 The two-minute short film revolves around one larger and one smaller desk lamp.
 The larger lamp, named Luxo Sr., looks on while the smaller, "younger" Luxo Jr.
 plays exuberantly with a ball that it accidentally deflates.
 "Luxo Jr." was Pixar's first animation after Ed Catmull and John Lasseter left Industrial Light and Magic's computer division.
 It is the source of the hopping desk lamp included in Pixar's corporate logo.
