The discography of American alternative rock band The Breeders consists of four studio albums, one live album, three extended plays, ten singles and twelve music videos. Kim Deal, then-bassist of American alternative rock band the Pixies, formed The Breeders as a side-project with Tanya Donelly, guitarist of American alternative rock band Throwing Muses.
 After recording a demo tape, The Breeders signed to the English independent record label 4AD in 1989.
 Their debut studio album "Pod" was released in May 1990, but was not commercially successful.
 After the revival of the Pixies and Throwing Muses in 1990, The Breeders became mostly inactive until the Pixies' breakup in 1993.
 With a new lineup, The Breeders released their "Safari" EP in 1992, followed by their second studio album "Last Splash" in 1993.
 "Last Splash" was The Breeders' most successful album; it peaked at number 33 on the United States "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1994.
 The album spawned the band's most successful single, "Cannonball".
 The single peaked at number 44 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and at number two on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.
The Replacements were an American rock band formed in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in 1979.
 Initially a punk rock band, they are considered pioneers of alternative rock.
 The band was composed of the guitarist and vocalist Paul Westerberg, guitarist Bob Stinson, bass guitarist Tommy Stinson and drummer Chris Mars for most of its career.
 Following several acclaimed albums, including "Let It Be" and "Tim", Bob Stinson left the band in 1986, and Slim Dunlap joined as lead guitarist.
 Steve Foley replaced Mars in 1990.
 Towards the end of the band's career, Westerberg exerted more control over the creative output.
 The group disbanded in 1991, with the members eventually pursuing various projects.
 A reunion was announced on October 3, 2012.
 The Replacements never had significant commercial success, except for "I'll Be You", which hit number 1 on the "Billboard" Alt Rock chart, but they influenced numerous alternative rock acts.
Assembly of Dust (also known as AOD) is an American rock band formed in 2002 by former Strangefolk frontman Reid Genauer.
 After the breakup of Strangefolk, Genauer decided to record a solo album, and he recruited some friends from Strangefolk's days on the road to help out.
 After titling the 2003 solo release “Assembly of Dust,” Genauer decided to use the name for his new group.
 AOD originally featured Genauer on lead vocals and guitar, Nate Wilson on the keyboard, Adam Terrell on lead guitar, John Leccese on bass, and Andy Herrick on drums.
 In recent years the band has experienced some transformations, and the current status of the band now features Reid Genauer on lead vocals and guitar, Adam Terrell on lead guitar, John Leccese on bass, Jason Crosby on the keys and violin, and Dave Diamond on the drums.
 Despite the changes in the band's lineup, AOD has managed to maintain the same high energy and tight musical finesse for which they are known.
American alternative rock band R.E.M. released 15 studio albums ranging from 1983 to 2011, three live albums, 14 compilation albums, one remix album, one soundtrack album, 12 video albums, seven extended plays, 63 singles, and 77 music videos. Formed in 1980 by singer Michael Stipe, guitarist Peter Buck, bassist Mike Mills, and drummer Bill Berry, the band was pivotal in the development of the alternative rock genre.
 Their musical style inspired several other alternative rock bands and musicians, and the band became one of the first alternative rock acts to experience breakthrough commercial success.
 R.E.M. has sold over 85 million copies of their studio albums worldwide, making them one of the best-selling music artists of all-time.
American Hi-Fi is an American rock band formed in Boston in 1998.
 The band consists of lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist Stacy Jones, lead guitarist Jamie Arentzen, bassist/backing vocalist Drew Parsons, and drummer Brian Nolan.
 Prior to the group's formation, Stacy Jones was well known for being a drummer in the successful alternative rock bands Veruca Salt and Letters to Cleo.
 American Hi-Fi has a close relationship with Miley Cyrus, whose band shares two members with American Hi-Fi.
 The group has a mixed musical style that includes influences from pop punk, alternative rock, and power pop.
Asian Kung-Fu Generation (アジアン・カンフー・ジェネレーション , Ajian Kanfū Jenerēshon , stylized as ASIAN KUNG-FU GENERATION) is a Japanese alternative rock band formed in Yokohama, Japan, in 1996.
 For nearly its entire career, the band has consisted of vocalist Masafumi Gotō, guitarist Kensuke Kita, bassist Takahiro Yamada, and drummer Kiyoshi Ijichi.
 Starting out as a college band, Asian Kung-Fu Generation released a series of independent EPs featuring lyrics mostly sung in English.
 In 2002, they released their major-label EP debut "Hōkai Amplifier", from that point singing their lyrics in Japanese.
 The band's musical style is influenced by seminal Western alternative rock acts as well as their own local Japanese indie-rock and punk scene.
 Their songs incorporate various aspects of the genres, most typically expressing fast tempos and prominent power chord guitar riffs in addition to rhythmic groove and emotional lyrics.
 Despite the indie nature of their music, the band has enjoyed worldwide commercial success in addition to critical acclaim.
 Asian Kung-Fu Generation has been cited as one of the best, most balanced modern rock bands to emerge from Japan in the 2000s.
Love and Rockets were an English alternative rock band formed in 1985 by former Bauhaus members Daniel Ash (vocals, guitar and saxophone), David J (bass guitar and vocals) and Kevin Haskins (drums and synthesisers) after that group split in 1983.
 Ash and Haskins had recorded and performed in another band, Tones on Tail, between 1982 and 1984.
 Love and Rockets' fusion of underground rock music with elements of pop music provided an early catalyst for alternative rock.
 They released seven studio albums before breaking up in 1999 and reformed briefly in 2007 for a few live shows, before splitting again in 2009.
Beasts of Bourbon are an Australian alternative rock, blues rock band formed in August 1983, with James Baker on drums (ex-Hoodoo Gurus), Spencer P. Jones on guitar (The Johnnys), Tex Perkins on vocals (Dum Dums), Kim Salmon on guitar and Boris Sujdovic on bass guitar (both ex-The Scientists).
 Except for mainstays, Jones and Perkins, the line-up has changed as the group splintered and reformed several times.
 Their debut album, "The Axeman's Jazz" (July 1984), was the best selling Australian alternative rock album for 1984.
 Their debut single, "Psycho", is a cover version of the Leon Payne original, and was the best selling Australian alternative rock single for that year.
 However the group disbanded by mid-1985 and each member pursued other musical projects.
 They reformed in 1987 and issued a second album, "Sour Mash", in December 1988 on Red Eye Records.
 According to rock music historian, Ian McFarlane, it "virtually redefined the parameters of guitar-based rock'n'roll.
 The Cramps-influenced swamp-rock of old had been discarded for a more adventurous slab of gutbucket blues and avant-garde weirdness.
 Perkins' voice had matured into an authentic blues growl".
 Their fifth studio album, "Gone" (January 1997), reached the Top 50 ARIA Albums Chart.
 Their seventh studio album, ""Little Animals" (21 April 2007) on Albert Productions, which also peaked into the Top 50.
Cosmic Dust, also known as the Cosmic Dust Fusion Band, is an instrumental jazz band formed in 1990 by Jim Templeton.
 The band was the first well-known group that guitarist Myles Kennedy played in.
 The original lineup consisted of Jim Templeton on keyboard, Gary Edighoffer on saxophone, Clipper Anderson on double bass, Myles Kennedy on guitar, and Scott Reusser on drums.
 Kennedy eventually left the band and went on to become the lead vocalist/lead guitarist for a jazz fusion group called Citizen Swing and later an alternative rock band called The Mayfield Four.
 Kennedy is now fronting and playing guitar for the hard rock/alternative metal band Alter Bridge, which he helped form with Creed members Mark Tremonti, Scott Phillips, and Brian Marshall in 2004, and is also the lead vocalist for Slash's solo band on tour.
Skating Polly is an American alternative rock band formed in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States, in 2009.
 The band was founded by multi-instrumentalist step-siblings Kelli Mayo (born March 29, 2000) and Peyton Bighorse (born July 11, 1995), who were just 9 and 14 years old when the band formed.
 The band is noted for its members alternating instruments, poetic lyrics, intense live shows, melodic arrangements and an eclectic array of songs that vary in style from riot grrrl to piano-based indie pop.
