Dylewska Góra (German: "Kernsdorfer Höhe" ) is a hill located in northeastern Poland, south of the town of Ostróda, in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.
 With elevation of 312 metres above sea level, it is one of the highest points of northern and central Poland.
 Dylewska Góra is a morainic hill, with its eastern and northern slopes covered by beech forest.
 On top there is a TV tower, as well as a 37-metre-high observation tower, which provides views of area up to 50 kilometres away.
Moel y Gydros (English: Bare Hill of Gydros ) is a hill located just outside the Snowdonia National Park on the Gwynedd / Conwy border in North Wales.
 The B4501, Frongoch to Cerrigydrudion road skirts the hills lower slopes.
Arnold Mills Historic District is a historic district encompassing a modest 19th-century mill village in eastern Cumberland, Rhode Island.
 The district lies along the Nate Whipple Highway (Rhode Island Route 120) and Sneech Pond Road, south of the Arnold Mills Reservoir.
 Sneech Pond Road was formerly the major east-west highway through the area prior to the construction of the Nate Whipple Highway in the 1960s.
 The Arnold Mills village is in part bisected by Abbott Run, the stream which serves as the outlet of the reservoir; Sneech Pond Road crosses the run on an early 20th-century steel Pratt pony truss, now closed to vehicular traffic.
 The houses along this road generally date from the late 18th to mid-19th century, and mainly reflect Federal and Greek Revival styling.
 The most prominent structure in the district is the Arnold Mills United Methodist Church, located at the western end of the district on Nate Whipple Highway; it was built 1825-27 and remodeled in 1846.
North York Ski Centre (also known as the Earl Bales Ski & Snowboard Centre) is a small alpine skiing hill located in Earl Bales Park, close to the intersection of Bathurst Street and Sheppard Avenue in Toronto.
 It features one quad chair and a rope tow, serving three intermediate slopes and one beginner slope.
 It is one of two ski hills located within the boundaries of Toronto, the other being the Centennial Park.
 The hills is a natural formation from the edge of the Don River.
Toorourrong Reservoir is a small water supply reservoir located on the southern slopes of the Great Dividing Range approximately 40 km north of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
 The reservoir is formed by the Toorourrong Dam across the Plenty River, and an interbasin transfer.
 The dam is operated by Melbourne Water and the reservoir forms part of the Melbourne water supply system.
 Water from the Toorourrong Reservoir flows by aqueduct to the Yan Yean Reservoir.
Dean Mills Reservoir is a small water reservoir to the north of the town of Bolton, Greater Manchester located high on the slopes of Winter Hill.
Nels Nelsen Hill, originally Big Hill, is an abandoned ski jumping hill located in Mount Revelstoke National Park near the town of Revelstoke, British Columbia, Canada.
 The original hill, Big Hill, was built in 1916 and was the first permanent ski jump in Canada.
 By 1933, four world length records had been set on the Big Hill.
 It fell out of use in 1939, with Revelstoke instead using the Big Bend Ski Jump.
Pavis Wood is an area of woodland on a hill located near Hastoe in Tring, north-western Hertfordshire, England.
 A point on its eastern slopes is the highest point in the county of Hertfordshire at 244 m (801 ft).
 The area is often considered as ancient woodland containing a wide variety of plants such as the yellow pimpernel and wood melick.
 A bridleway crosses the woodland which can be accessed throughout the year as well as the Ridgeway National Trail which is dominated mainly by beech, oak and ash.
The Fisher Hill Reservoir and Gatehouse are a historic element of the public water supply for the Greater Boston area.
 The reservoir was located on Fisher Road between Hyslop and Channing Roads in Brookline, Massachusetts, and is now the site of Fisher Hill Reservoir Park.
 It was built in 1886-87 as an early component of the Boston Water Board's expansion of its high service system.
 The gatehouse may have been designed by Arthur Vinal, who also designed the high pumping station at Chestnut Hill Reservoir.
 It is a two-story Richardsonian Romanesque structure, with its first floor finished in stone and its second in brick.
 Brownstone trim is used on the windows and corner quoins, and the voussoirs which form the arches on the first floor.
 There are pipes to the reservoir and down to Chestnut Hill, and gates for controlling access to local the distribution network.
 The building was taken out of service in the 1950s.
Hundsheimer Berg is a hill located in the Hundsheimer Berge hill range in Lower Austria, Austria close to the border with Slovakia.
 Its peak is 481 m above sea level which makes it the highest hill in the Hundsheimer Berge.
 The north slopes of the Hundsheimer Berg are covered with forests while the southern slopes have a steppe vegetation.
 Since 1965, a nature reserve with the same name, "Hundsheimer Berg", is located on these southern slopes.
