The list of St. John's Seminary (California) people is a compilation of lists of notable alumni, faculty, and current students of St. John's Seminary in Camarillo, California, United States.
 St. John's Seminary grants graduate degrees for seminarians preparing for the priesthood, as well as a graduate degree for lay persons interested in pastoral ministry.
 The St. John's Seminary College was the undergraduate division of the seminary before it closed in the early 21st century.
 The table of notable alumni lists the date of graduation from St. John's college, seminary, or both, if applicable.
 It is not unusual for seminarians to have received their undergraduate education at a different institution than their seminary training.
TriBond is a board game that has sold over 3 million copies in 14 countries since its release in 1990.
 It requires players to determine a common bond between three subjects.
 It follows in the tradition of "Trivial Pursuit", "Outburst" and other adult boardgames that require a wide range of knowledge but "TriBond" requires some problem solving ability as well.
St. John's College has three divisions, and a number of central academic centres and activities.
 Through its three divisions, it offers a wide variety of liberal arts and science courses at the secondary, British A-level, and United States junior college levels.
 St. John's College is a Roman Catholic institution in the Jesuit tradition, one of the oldest, largest, and most diverse educational institutions in Belize, founded by the Jesuits in 1887.
St. John's College High School is a high school for boys situated in Belize City, Belize.
 It was founded in 1887.
 The High School exists to educate academically talented young men in a Jesuit environment of self-discipline, love of learning, and service to others.
 The school 's curriculum is complemented by sports and extracurricular activities.
 The third and fourth form classes follow the Caribbean Secondary Education Certificate (CSEC) curricula and sit the regionally administered examinations at the end of their fourth year.
Charmaine Chinapen (born 1987) is a beauty pageant contestant from Belize.
 A student at the University of St. John's University (New York City), USA, she represented Belize in Miss World 2008, held on December 13 in Johannesburg, South Africa.
 She was born in Curaçao, an island in the Netherlands Antilles, and moved to several countries before settling in Belize as her home at the age of nine, and became a citizen along with her immediate family.
 She has one brother, Kevin; her father is in the banking industry, and her mother returned to university.
St. John's High School (SJHS) is a senior high school on Johns Island, South Carolina.
 It is a part of the Charleston County School District.
 St. John's is home to approximately 300 students and 30 faculty and staff.
 St. John's school mascot is The Mighty Islanders, sporting royal blue and maroon as the school colors.
 St. John's offers Advanced Placement and dual credit courses totaling at over 30 hours of offered college credit, as well as 3 career academies in Hospitality and Tourism, Computer Science, and Culinary Arts.
 St. John's competes at the A level in football, volleyball, basketball (boys and girls), wrestling, soccer, track, baseball, and softball.
 The Islanders also offer marching band, agriculture and green house, weightlifting, competitive academic team, and student council.
Aalborghus Gymnasium is an upper secondary school in the city of Aalborg, in North Jutland in Denmark.
 It offers both the traditional three-year program and also the two-year Higher Preparatory Examination (HF) program.
 The subjects taught at the school range from Religion and Music to Spanish and Natural Geography.
 Aalborghus Gymnasium attempts to focus on the musical and creative side of students as well as taking an international perspective on issues.
 Students begin their studies at Aalborghus by selecting a stream of studies.
 Each stream has two or three subjects that are the focus of the studies.
 English/Social Studies is one example of a stream a student can select.
John Warren Kaiser (born October 6, 1926) is Athletics Director Emeritus at St. John's University in Queens, NY.
 He was an American baseball player, college coach, and administrator.
 As a player, he helped St. John's to the 1949 College World Series.
 After a brief minor league career, he became head coach at St. John's and led the now-named St. John's Red Storm baseball team to eleven postseason appearances, including three trips to the College World Series in his 18-year career as head coach.
 He then became athletic director at St. John's, and was instrumental in the establishment of the Big East Conference.
 He was inducted into the ABCA Hall of Fame in 1979, and the Big East Conference Baseball Tournament Most Outstanding Player Award is named in his honor.
 Jack Kaiser Stadium, home baseball field of the Red Storm, is also named in his honor.
St. John's Regional Medical Center is a hospital located in Oxnard, California in the United States, and is operated by Dignity Health, along with its sister hospital, St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital in Camarillo, California.
 The hospital was founded in 1912.
 St. John's Regional Medical Center and St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital offer comprehensive medical services, including 24-hour emergency medical and surgical services and care, cancer and oncology care and support, cardiovascular care, community outreach and screenings, diagnostic imaging services, laboratory services, maternity and women's services, neonatal intensive care, palliative care, patient and family education, rehabilitation services, spine and orthopedic care, weight loss surgery, wound healing and oxygen therapy, and more.
 Together, St. John's Regional Medical Center and St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital represent the largest acute-care health organization in Ventura County.
 St. John's hospitals serve all of Ventura County and beyond, including the cities of Camarillo, Moorpark, Oxnard, Port Hueneme, Ventura, and Somis.
When Patty Went to College is Jean Webster's first novel, published in 1903.
 It is a humorous look at life in an all-girls college at the turn of the 20th century.
 Patty Wyatt, the protagonist of this story is a bright, fun loving, imperturbable girl who does not like to conform.
 The book describes her many escapades on campus during her senior year at college.
 Patty enjoys life on campus and uses her energies in playing pranks and for the entertainment of herself and her friends.
 An intelligent girl, she uses creative methods to study only as much as she feels necessary.
 Patty is, however, a believer in causes and a champion of the weak.
 She goes out of her way to help a homesick freshman Olivia Copeland who believes she will be sent home when she fails three subjects in the examination.
