Dying of the Light is a 2014 American psychological thriller film written and directed by Paul Schrader and starring Nicolas Cage, Anton Yelchin and Irène Jacob about a government agent who must track down and kill a terrorist before he loses his full memory from a disease.
 It was released theatrically and through VOD formats by Lionsgate on December 5, 2014.
 The film received extremely negative reviews, with controversy surrounding the heavy tampering and reediting of the footage by the studio, who denied Schrader final-cut privilege and led him and principal members of the cast to disown the released version and campaign against it.
Leonard Schrader (November 30, 1943 – November 2, 2006) was an American screenwriter and director, most notable for his ability to write Japanese language films and for his many collaborations with his brother, Paul Schrader.
 He earned an Academy Award Nomination for the screenplay he wrote for the film "Kiss of the Spider Woman".
Obsession is a 1976 psychological thriller/mystery film directed by Brian De Palma, starring Cliff Robertson, Geneviève Bujold, John Lithgow, and Stocker Fontelieu.
 The screenplay was by Paul Schrader, from a story by De Palma and Schrader.
 Bernard Herrmann provided the film's soundtrack prior to his death in 1975.
 The story is about a New Orleans businessman who is haunted by guilt following the death of his wife and daughter during a kidnapping-rescue attempt.
 Years after the tragedy, he meets and falls in love with a young woman who is the exact look-alike of his long dead wife.
Old Boyfriends is a 1979 American drama film directed by Joan Tewkesbury and written by Paul Schrader and Leonard Schrader.
 The film stars Talia Shire, Richard Jordan, Keith Carradine, John Belushi, John Houseman and Buck Henry.
 The film was released on April 13, 1979, by Embassy Pictures.
Hardcore is a 1979 American crime drama film written and directed by Paul Schrader and starring George C. Scott, Peter Boyle and Season Hubley.
 The story concerns a father searching for his daughter, who has vanished only to appear in a pornographic film.
 Writer-director Schrader had previously written the screenplay for Martin Scorsese's "Taxi Driver", and both films share a theme of exploring an unseen subculture.
The Comfort of Strangers is a 1990 Italian-British drama film directed by Paul Schrader.
 The screenplay is by Harold Pinter, adapted from a short novel of the same name by Ian McEwan.
 The film stars Natasha Richardson, Christopher Walken, Rupert Everett and Helen Mirren.
 It was screened out of competition at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
Blue Collar is a 1978 American crime drama film directed by Paul Schrader, in his directorial debut.
 It was written by Schrader and his brother Leonard, and stars Richard Pryor, Harvey Keitel and Yaphet Kotto.
The Yakuza is a 1974 Japanese-American neo-noir gangster film directed by Sydney Pollack, written by Leonard Schrader, Paul Schrader, and Robert Towne.
 The film is about a man (Robert Mitchum) who returns to Japan after several years away in order to rescue his friend's kidnapped daughter.
 Following a lackluster initial release, the film has since gained a cult following.
The Walker is a 2007 American-British drama film written and directed by Paul Schrader.
 It is an independent production and is the latest installment in Schrader's "night workers" series of films, starting with "Taxi Driver" in 1976, followed by "American Gigolo" in 1980 and "Light Sleeper" in 1992.
The Canyons is a 2013 American erotic thriller-drama film directed by Paul Schrader and written by Bret Easton Ellis.
 The film is set in Los Angeles and stars Lindsay Lohan, James Deen, Nolan Funk, Amanda Brooks, and Gus Van Sant.
 It received a limited release on August 2, 2013 at the IFC Center in New York City, the Bell Lightbox in Toronto, and on video on demand platforms.
