Roots is the sixth studio album by Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura.
 It was released in Europe on  20, 1996 (1996--) and in the U.S. three weeks later on March 12 by Roadrunner Records.
 It is the band's last studio album to feature founding member and vocalist/rhythm guitarist Max Cavalera.
 Following the shift to slower tempos and Latin-tinged rhythms on the album "Chaos A.D.", "Roots" delves even further into Brazilian musical textures and features significant contributions from Brazilian musician Carlinhos Brown, who guided and arranged the sections throughout the album that feature ensemble percussion playing.
 The song "Lookaway" also features guest appearances by Korn vocalist Jonathan Davis, former Korn drummer David Silveria, former Limp Bizkit turntablist DJ Lethal, and Faith No More/Mr. Bungle/Tomahawk/Fantômas vocalist Mike Patton.
 The album draws influence from the then-surging nu metal movement, specifically Korn (whose first two albums were also produced by Ross Robinson) and Deftones.
 (After leaving the band, Max Cavalera would continue to pursue the nu metal and "world" stylings of "Roots" with his solo project Soulfly.)
 Since its release, "Roots" has sold over 2 million copies worldwide.
"Tree of Pain" is a song by heavy metal band Soulfly, released in 2002 as the seventh track of the studio album numerically titled "3".
 Like most other songs, "Tree of Pain" has never been released as a single.
 This song is unique for Soulfly that it contains a pop ballad and a woman singer.
 This song tributes Max Cavalera for his stepson's (Dana Wells') untimely death.
"Eye for an Eye" is the first single by metal band Soulfly, released in 1998.
 The song is the first track of the debut album "Soulfly".
 However, "Eye for an Eye" is the tenth single written by Max Cavalera overall.
 His last single was Sepultura's "Ratamahatta" before he left the band and formed Soulfly.
 It has become Soulfly's trademark song, and is used at the closing of every Soulfly show since 1998.
Marc Rizzo is the lead guitarist of American metal band Soulfly and formerly of Ill Niño.
 He has featured on seven Soulfly albums to date: "Prophecy", "Dark Ages", "Conquer", "Omen", "Enslaved", "Savages", and "Archangel".
 He has also released three solo instrumental albums; "Colossal Myopia", "The Ultimate Devotion", and "Legionnaire".
 Marc is also a member of Cavalera Conspiracy, a side project with the co-founders of Sepultura, Max and Igor Cavalera.
 The band released their debut album "Inflikted" in 2008, "Blunt Force Trauma" in 2011 and "Pandemonium" in 2014.
 In March 2015 it was announced that Marc is playing guitar for Misfits.
 His only show with the band so far took place at Dutch Comic Con.
 In June 2016 he joined Dead by Wednesday as second guitar player.
The following is the discography of Soulfly, a heavy metal band formed in 1997 by Max Cavalera after leaving Sepultura.
 The band's original lyrical content revolved around spirituality, political and religious themes, with later albums encompassing other themes including war, violence, aggression, slavery, hatred and anger.
 Soulfly incorporates many styles of metal with Brazilian tribal and world music.
 All of their first six studio albums debuted on the United States "Billboard" 200, with a peak position at number 32 for their second album, "Primitive".
 "Soulfly" has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 The band has gone through numerous line-up changes, with Cavalera being the only constant member.
 To date the band has released ten studio albums, one tour EP, twenty-three singles, one video album, and twelve music videos.
 Their debut album, "Soulfly", was released on April 21, 1998, while their newest album, "Archangel", was released on August 14, 2015.
"Bleed" is the third single by metal band Soulfly, released in 1998 from the self-titled album "Soulfly".
 Limp Bizkit guest members Fred Durst and DJ Lethal sing this song about pain, lying and madness with lyrics written by Durst and Max Cavalera.
 This song tributes Cavalera for the untimely death of his stepson Dana.
Soulfly is the self-titled debut album by the metal band Soulfly, released on April 21, 1998 through Roadrunner Records.
 The record was released in memory of frontman Max Cavalera's murdered stepson and the first album featuring Cavalera since leaving Sepultura two years prior.
 Both CDs have the message "In Loving Memory Dana" printed across them.
 The album has been certified gold by the RIAA.
Point Blank is the only studio album by heavy metal band Nailbomb, released on March 8, 1994 by Roadrunner Records.
 The side project "Nailbomb" was started by Max Cavalera and Alex Newport in the mid-1990s.
 The first track "Wasting Away" appears in the 1995 film "To Die For".
 The album cover is a female Vietcong member with a U.S. soldier's gun to her head.
 The album is set to be played live in its entirety for the first time ever, later in 2017 by Max Cavalera performing under his band Soulfly, more than 20 years after the release of the album and the band's break up.
 However, Alex Newport will not be part of these performances.
"Tribe" is the fourth single by metal band Soulfly, released in January 1999.
 It is played as the ninth track of the eponymous debut album "Soulfly", after "Bleed" and before "Bumba".
 "Tribe" is the fourth and last single of the album.
 As with every other Soulfly songs with vocals, the lyrics were written by Max Cavalera.
Soulfly is an American heavy metal band formed in 1997 and based in Phoenix, Arizona.
 The original lyrical content revolved around spirituality, political and religious themes, with later albums encompassing other themes including war, violence, aggression, slavery, hatred and anger.
 Soulfly is led by former Sepultura frontman Max Cavalera, who formed the band after he left the Brazilian group in 1996.
 To date the band has released ten studio albums, one tour EP, twenty-three singles, one video album, and twelve music videos.
 Their debut album, "Soulfly", was released on April 21, 1998, while their newest album, "Archangel", was released on August 14, 2015.
 In a interview with Max in 2015, the name Soulfly is taken from the song "Headup" of Deftones.
