Ronald L. Fair (born October 27, 1932, in Chicago, Illinois) is an African-American writer known for his experimental and versatile literary forms.
 He is best known for his 1966 novel "Hog Butcher", set in 1960s' Chicago.
 This was the basis of the 1975 film "Cornbread, Earl and Me".
 The cast included Rosalind Cash and Laurence Fishburne.
 Relocating to Finland, Fair began sculpting in 1977.
 In December 1980 he became "born again", thereafter becoming a "Christian writer" and founder of the International Orphans' Assistance Association.
Dr. Black, Mr. Hyde is a 1976 blaxploitation horror film loosely inspired by the novella, "The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde" by Robert Louis Stevenson.
 The film stars Bernie Casey and Rosalind Cash and was directed by William Crain, who had also directed the successful "Blacula" for American International Pictures in 1972.
 Along with Crain, the film was written by Larry LeBron and Lawrence Woolner with cinematography by Tak Fujimoto.
 The movie was filmed primarily in Los Angeles and at locations such as the Watts Towers.
 Along with other blaxpoitation films, "Dr. Black, Mr. Hyde" is filled with themes surrounding ideas of race, class, and black power, yet it is unique in that the film depicts these themes through the genre of horror.
Minnale (English: Lightning ) is a 2001 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by Gautham Vasudev Menon.
 The film featured R. Madhavan, Abbas and Reemma Sen in the lead, with Vivek and Nagesh also appearing in pivotal roles.
 The film's soundtrack was composed by newcomer Harris Jayaraj, which became very successful prior to release, helping the film at the box office.
 Marketed as a Valentine's Day release, "Minnale" opened to positive reviews from critics and enjoyed significant commercial success.
Rosalind Cash (December 31, 1938October 31, 1995) was an American singer and actress.
 Her best known film role is as Charlton Heston's character's love interest Lisa, in the 1971 science fiction film, "The Omega Man".
 To soap opera audiences, she is best remembered as Mary Mae Ward on "General Hospital" from 1994 to 1995.
Out Among the Stars is a posthumously released studio album by Johnny Cash, published through Legacy Recordings on March 25, 2014.
 The recordings come from lost 1980s sessions with famed countrypolitan producer Billy Sherrill which were shelved by Cash's record company, Columbia Records, and discovered by Cash's son John Carter Cash in 2012.
 Cash also recorded the 1981 album "The Baron" with Sherrill in an attempt to turn around his dismal album sales but the strategy did not work, leaving his record executives eager to end his affiliation with the label.
 The album also doubles as a posthumous release for singer June Carter Cash, Johnny Cash's wife, who is featured on vocals on two tracks, and for Minnie Pearl and Waylon Jennings, who provide vocals on two other songs.
Sister, Sister is a 1982 American drama television movie that stars Diahann Carroll, Rosalind Cash, and Irene Cara.
 It was written by Maya Angelou.
 It's the story of a family of three sisters who come together to decide the fate of their family home after the death of their revered father.
 The movie aired on June 7, 1982 on NBC.
 The film won the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Television Movie, Mini-Series or Dramatic Special.
 Irene Cara won the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Television Movie, Mini-Series or Dramatic Special for the film.
The Johnny Cash Family Christmas is the 41st overall and second Christmas album by country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1972).
 It is his second Christmas album, the first one being the 1963 release entitled "The Christmas Spirit".
 The album includes less original Cash material than its predecessor and contains narrations and dialogue featuring his family and friends, between tracks.
 In all, three songs were written or co-written by Cash, while two, "Christmas as I Knew It" and "Silent Night", had been featured on "The Christmas Spirit" ("Silent Night" would, in fact, be featured on all four Johnny Cash Christmas albums).
 June Carter Cash, Marshall Grant, Tommy Cash, Harold Reid, Larry Butler (who was both Cash's piano player and record producer at this time), Maybelle Carter, Anita Carter, Carl Perkins and Lew DeWitt are among those featured on the album.
Thai Thangai Paasam (English: "Mother, Sister Affection") is a Tamil film released in 1995 directed and produced by T. Rajendar.
 Rajender himself appeared in the title role, whilst the film featured an extensive cast, which also featured Rajendar's three real life children, along with a bevy of supporting actors.
 The film released on 14 April 1995.
Melinda is a 1972 American drama film directed by Hugh A. Robertson and written by Lonne Elder III.
 The film stars Calvin Lockhart, Rosalind Cash, Vonetta McGee, Paul Stevens, Rockne Tarkington and Ross Hagen.
 The film was released on August 16, 1972, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 This film marked karate champion Jim Kelly's first appearance in a film.
The Monkey Hustle (also written as The Monkey Hu$tle) is a 1976 American blaxploitation film written by Odie Hawkins and Charles Eric Johnson.
 It stars Yaphet Kotto as Chicago con-man and "hustler" Daddy Foxx and Kirk Calloway as his teenage apprentice.
 Co-stars include Thomas Carter, Donn C. Harper, Rudy Ray Moore, and Rosalind Cash.
