American singer Traci Lords has released one studio album, one extended play, one compilation album, three singles, three promotional singles and four music videos.
 She began recording her first demo songs in 1989.
 After singing in the teen musical comedy "Cry-Baby" (1990), Lords got signed for a development deal with Capitol Records.
 She was then asked to sing on the song "Little Baby Nothing" from Manic Street Preachers' debut album "Generation Terrorists" (1992).
 Lords was later dropped due to disagreements between her and the label and after meeting with American DJ Rodney Bingenheimer at a birthday party, she was recommended to Jeff Jacklin, who hired her to record the song "Love Never Dies" for the 1992 film "Pet Sematary Two".
 The producer of the soundtrack, Gary Kurfirst, signed her for a development deal with his label Radioactive Records.
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen is a 2004 American teen musical comedy film directed by Sara Sugarman and produced by Robert Shapiro and Matthew Hart for Walt Disney Pictures.
 It stars Lindsay Lohan as an aspiring teenaged actress whose family moves from New York City to New Jersey, Adam Garcia as her favorite rock musician, Glenne Headly as her mother, and Alison Pill as her best friend.
 The screenplay was written by Gail Parent and is based on the novel of the same name by Dyan Sheldon.
Rising Stars is a 2010 American teen musical drama film.
 The film was directed by Dan Millican.
 "Rising Stars" stars Kyle Riabko, Lauren Ashley Carter, Leon Thomas III, Fisher Stevens, Barry Corbin, and Rebecca St. James and follows three teen musical groups competing in a music video competition.
 The film is distributed by Screen Media Films and was released to three theaters on October 22, 2010.
Cry-Baby is a 1990 American teen musical romantic comedy film written and directed by John Waters.
 It was the only film of Waters' over which studios were in a bidding war, coming off the heels of the successful "Hairspray".
 The film stars Johnny Depp as 1950s teen rebel "Cry-Baby" Wade Walker, and also features a large ensemble cast that includes Amy Locane, Polly Bergen, Susan Tyrrell, Iggy Pop, Ricki Lake, and Traci Lords, with appearances by Troy Donahue, Joe Dallesandro, Joey Heatherton, David Nelson, Willem Dafoe, and Patricia Hearst.
Very Annie Mary is a 2001 comedy film and musical from the Wales, written and directed by Sara Sugarman and starring Rachel Griffiths and Jonathan Pryce.
 It is a coming-of-age tale, set in south Wales, about a woman in her 30s who lives with her verbally abusive father.
 It was filmed on location in Bridgend and at Workingman's Institute and Memorial Hall, Newbridge, Wales.
Last One Picked is the second studio album by the Christian rock band Superchic[k].
 The song, "Hero", appeared in the film, "To Save a Life".
 "Na Na" appeared on the Disney film, "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen".
Vinyl is a 2012 British comedy film written and directed by Sara Sugarman.
 It is based on the true story of Mike Peters and The Alarm who in 2004 released the single "45 RPM" under the name of a fictitious band "The Poppy Fields".
Sara Sugarman (born 13 October 1962) is a Welsh actress and film director whose work includes Disney's "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen" (2004) and "Very Annie Mary" (2001).
 She has also appeared in films including "Dealers" (1989) and "Those Glory Glory Days" (1983).
Raise Your Voice is a 2004 American teen musical drama film directed by Sean McNamara.
 Canadian rock band Three Days Grace appeared in this movie as special guests, performing the songs "Are You Ready" and "Home".
House of Versace is a 2013 American television biographical drama film written and directed by Sara Sugarman and starring Gina Gershon.
 Based on a book of the same name written by Deborah Ball, it depicts real life events of the Versace family, and particularly designer Donatella Versace inheriting the Versace fashion house following the murder of her brother Gianni.
