The Dead is a 1987 feature film directed by John Huston, starring his daughter Anjelica Huston.
 "The Dead" was the last film that Huston directed, and it was released posthumously.
 It was adapted from the short story "The Dead" by James Joyce, which was included in his short works collection "Dubliners".
John Marcellus Huston ( ; August 5, 1906 – August 28, 1987) was an American film director, screenwriter and actor.
 He wrote the screenplays for most of the 37 feature films he directed, many of which are today considered classics: "The Maltese Falcon" (1941), "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" (1948), "The Asphalt Jungle" (1950), "The African Queen" (1951), "The Misfits" (1961), "Fat City" (1972) and "The Man Who Would Be King" (1975).
 During his 46-year career, Huston received 15 Oscar nominations, won twice, and directed both his father, Walter Huston, and daughter, Anjelica Huston, to Oscar wins in different films.
The Royal Tenenbaums is a 2001 American comedy-drama film directed by Wes Anderson and co-written with Owen Wilson.
 The film stars Danny Glover, Gene Hackman, Anjelica Huston, Bill Murray, Gwyneth Paltrow, Ben Stiller, Luke Wilson, and Owen Wilson.
 Ostensibly based on a non-existent novel and told with a literary narrative, the story follows the lives of three gifted siblings who experience great success in youth, and even greater disappointment and failure in adulthood.
 The children's eccentric father Royal Tenenbaum (Hackman) leaves them in their adolescent years, returning to them after they have grown, and falsely claiming to have a terminal illness.
 Long after he was shunned by his family, Royal gradually reconciles with his children and ex-wife (Huston).
John Huston (1906–1987) was an American screenwriter, actor and director (father of actress Anjelica Huston, director Danny Huston and Tony Huston)
Anjelica Huston ( ; born July 8, 1951) is an American actress, director and former fashion model.
 Huston became the third generation of her family to win an Academy Award, when she won Best Supporting Actress for her performance in 1985's "Prizzi's Honor", joining her father, director John Huston, and grandfather, actor Walter Huston.
 She also received Academy Award nominations for "Enemies, A Love Story" (1989) and "The Grifters" (1990).
Enrica Soma (May 9, 1929 – January 29, 1969) was an American socialite, model, and prima-ballerina.
 She was also the wife of director John Huston and mother of actress Anjelica Huston.
Walter Thomas Huston ( ; born Walter Thomas Huston; April 5, 1883 – April 7, 1950) was a Canadian-born American actor and singer.
 Huston won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre", directed by his son John Huston.
 He was the grandfather of Pablo Huston, Walter Anthony (Tony) Huston, actress Anjelica Huston, Danny Huston, and Allegra Huston, as well as the great-grandfather of actor Jack Huston.
Daniel Sallis Huston (born May 14, 1962) is an American actor, writer and director.
 Huston got his start directing "Mr. North" starring Anthony Edwards, Robert Mitchum and his half-sister, Anjelica Huston.
 Later, Huston gave his breakthrough acting performance in the independent film "Ivans Xtc" and was nominated for Best Male Performance at the Independent Spirit Awards in 2003.
Bastard out of Carolina is a 1996 film made by Showtime Networks, directed by Anjelica Huston.
 It is based on a novel by Dorothy Allison and adapted for the screen by Anne Meredith.
 Jena Malone stars as a poor, physically abused and sexually molested girl.
Prizzi's Honor is a 1985 American comedy-drama film directed by John Huston.
 It stars Jack Nicholson and Kathleen Turner, with Robert Loggia and, in an Academy Award-winning performance, the director's daughter Anjelica Huston.
