Shades of Ian Hunter: The Ballad of Ian Hunter and Mott the Hoople is a compilation album by Ian Hunter, consisting of tracks by Hunter's previous band Mott the Hoople, and solo Hunter tracks as well.
 It was released in 1979 as a double-LP.
"Once Bitten, Twice Shy" is a 1975 song written and recorded by Ian Hunter, from his debut solo album "Ian Hunter", which reached No. 14 in the UK Singles Chart.
Short Back 'n' Sides is the fifth solo album of Ian Hunter.
 Unsure of which direction he should take, Ian Hunter finally decided to collaborate with Mick Jones, who gave Hunter's songs a tougher and heavier touch.
 Fellow Clash member Topper Headon as well as Mick Ronson, Todd Rundgren and Ellen Foley also appeared on this album.
Veronica Mars is the fictional protagonist, occasional narrator (through voiceovers), and antiheroine of the American television series "Veronica Mars", which aired on UPN from 2004 to 2006 and on The CW from 2006 to 2007.
 The character was portrayed by Kristen Bell through the duration of the series.
 Following the show's cancellation, Bell reprised the role in the 2014 film continuation.
 The character, created by Rob Thomas, was originally male and the protagonist of his unproduced novel "Untitled Rob Thomas Teen Detective Novel", which eventually became the basis of the series.
 After the work's transition from novel to television series, Thomas changed the character's gender from male to female as he believed a noir piece told from a female point of view would be more interesting.
The second season of "Veronica Mars", an American drama television series created by Rob Thomas, premiered on UPN in the United States on September 28, 2005.
 The series was produced by Warner Bros.
 Television, Silver Pictures Television and Rob Thomas Productions, and Joel Silver and Thomas served as the executive producers.
The Windsor Festival was founded in 1969 with Yehudi Menuhin and Ian Hunter as Artistic Directors and Laurence West as Executive Chairman.
 The original idea for the Festival was put forward by Ian Hunter to the Dean of Windsor in 1968, building on the participation of the Menuhin Festival Orchestra with Yehudi Menuhin using St George's Chapel, the State Apartments of Windsor Castle and the Theatre Royal.
 The Dean formed the Windsor Festival Society, which then moved to plan the first festival.
Ian Hunter is the first solo album by Ian Hunter, recorded following his departure from Mott the Hoople.
 Released in 1975, it is also the first of many solo albums on which he collaborates with Mick Ronson.
 The bassist, Geoff Appleby, was from Hull like Mick Ronson and they had played together in The Rats in the late 1960s.
Ian Hunter Patterson (born 3 June 1939), known as Ian Hunter, is a British singer-songwriter who is best known as the lead singer of the English rock band Mott the Hoople, from its inception in 1969 to its dissolution in 1974, and at the time of its 2009 and 2013 reunions.
 Hunter was a musician and songwriter before joining Mott the Hoople, and continued in this vein after he left the band.
 He embarked on a solo career despite ill health and disillusionment with commercial success, and often worked in collaboration with Mick Ronson, David Bowie's sideman and arranger from the "Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars" period.
Kjetil Bjerkestrand (born 18 May 1955 in Kristiansund, Norway) is a Norwegian musician (keyboards), composer, arranger and record producer, known as music arranger for artists like Ray Charles, Dee Dee Bridgewater, Keith Emerson, Ian Hunter, Jon Lord, Ute Lemper and a-ha.
 As a musician, he has participated in recordings with a-ha, Ray Charles, Ute Lemper, Ian Hunter, Dance with a Stranger, DumDum Boys, Jonas Fjeld Band, Marius Müller, TNT, Arve Tellefsen, Bobbysocks, Bjørn Eidsvåg, Carola Häggkvist and Dee Dee Bridgewater.
Veronica Mars is an American teen noir mystery drama television series created by screenwriter Rob Thomas.
 The series is set in the fictional town of Neptune, California, and stars Kristen Bell as the eponymous character.
 The series premiered on September 22, 2004, during television network UPN's final two years, and ended on May 22, 2007, after a season on UPN's successor, The CW, airing for three seasons total.
 "Veronica Mars" was produced by Warner Bros.
 Television, Silver Pictures Television, Stu Segall Productions, and Rob Thomas Productions.
 Joel Silver and Rob Thomas were executive producers for the entire run of the series, while Diane Ruggiero was promoted in the third season.
