Moby Dick—Rehearsed is a two-act drama by Orson Welles.
 The play was staged June 16–July 9, 1955, at the Duke of York's Theatre in London, in a production directed by Welles.
 The original cast included Welles, Christopher Lee, Kenneth Williams, Joan Plowright, Patrick McGoohan, Gordon Jackson, Peter Sallis, and Wensley Pithey.
 The play was published by Samuel French in 1965.
The Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film was awarded for the first time at the 64th Golden Globe Awards in 2007.
 It was the first time that the Golden Globe Awards had created a separate category for animated films since its establishment.
 The nominations are announced in January and an awards ceremony is held later in the month.
 Initially, only three films are nominated for best animated film, in contrast to five nominations for the majority of other awards.
 The Pixar film "Cars" was the first recipient of the award.
 The award for best animated film has subsequently been presented to six other Pixar films: "Ratatouille" received the award in 2008, "WALL-E" was the recipient in 2009, "Up" received the award in 2010, "Toy Story 3" won in 2011, "Brave" won in 2013, and "Inside Out" won in 2016.
 In 2012, "Cars 2" lost to "The Adventures of Tintin", in 2014, "Monsters University" was the first not to be nominated and also in 2016, "The Good Dinosaur" lost to "Inside Out".
 In 2017, "Finding Dory" was also not nominated.
 The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has been awarding Golden Globe Awards since 1944.
Joan Ann Plowright, Baroness Olivier, DBE (born 28 October 1929), commonly known as Dame Joan Plowright, is an English retired actress whose career has spanned over six decades.
 She has won two Golden Globe Awards and a Tony Award and has been nominated for an Academy Award, an Emmy and two BAFTA Awards.
 She is also one of only four actresses to have won two Golden Globes in the same year.
The Orson Welles Almanac (also known as Radio Almanac and The Orson Welles Comedy Show) is a 1944 CBS Radio series directed and hosted by Orson Welles.
 Broadcast live on the Columbia Pacific Network, the 30-minute variety program was heard Wednesdays at 9:30 p.m. ET January 26 – July 19, 1944.
 The series was sponsored by Mobilgas and Mobiloil.
 Many of the shows originated from U.S. military camps, where Welles and his repertory company and guests entertained the troops with a reduced version of "The Mercury Wonder Show".
 The performances of the all-star jazz band that Welles brought together for the show were an important force in the revival of traditional New Orleans jazz in the 1940s.
Robert Longden (born 1950) is a British composer, librettist, director and film, stage and television actor whose career has spanned four decades.
 In 1974 he took over the role of Riff Raff from Richard O'Brien in the original production of "The Rocky Horror Show"; later with Hereward Kaye he wrote the West End musical "Moby Dick".
An Evening with Orson Welles is a series of six short films created in 1970 by Orson Welles, for the exclusive use of Sears, Roebuck & Co. Welles produced the recitations of popular stories for Sears's Avco Cartrivision machines, a pioneering home video system.
 Five of the films are regarded as lost; footage from one, "The Golden Honeymoon", is known to exist.
Moby Dick is an unfinished film by Orson Welles, filmed in 1971.
 It is not to be confused with the incomplete (and now lost) 1955 film Welles made of his meta-play "Moby Dick—Rehearsed", or with Moby Dick (1956 film), in which Welles played a supporting role.
Richard France (born May 5, 1938) is an American playwright, author, and film and drama critic.
 He is a recognized authority on the stage work of American filmmaker Orson Welles.
 His publication, "The Theatre of Orson Welles", which received a CHOICE Outstanding Academic Book Award in 1979, has been called "a landmark study" and has been translated into Japanese.
 His 1990 companion volume, "Orson Welles on Shakespeare" has been praised by Welles critics and biographers.
Beatrice Giuditta Welles (Beatrice Mori di Gerfalco Welles; born November 13, 1955 in Manhattan, New York) is an American former child actress, known for her roles in the film "Chimes at Midnight" (1966) and the documentary travelogue "In the Land of Don Quixote" (1964).
 The daughter of filmmaker Orson Welles and Italian countess Paola Mori, she is a former model, radio and TV personality, founder of a cosmetics line and designer of handbags and jewelry.
 She administers the estate of Orson Welles.
Orson Welles' Sketch Book is a series of six short television commentaries by Orson Welles for the BBC in 1955.
 Written and presented by Welles, the 15-minute episodes present the filmmaker's commentaries on a range of subjects.
 Welles frequently draws from his own experiences and often illustrates the episodes with his own sketches.
