Shaanxi Automobile Group Co., Ltd. is a Chinese bus and truck manufacturer headquartered in Xi'an, Shaanxi.
 It employs around 23,000 employees.
 It manufactures heavy duty truck, buses (chassis), medium-size heavy truck and heavy duty axles for trucks.
 It utilizes Magna Steyr and MAN SE technologies.
 Its bus chassis are sold under the Eurostar Bus brand.
The Volvo FH is a heavy truck range produced by Swedish truck manufacturer Volvo Trucks.
 Introduced in late 1993 as FH12 and FH16, production still continues with the now the second generation of FH range model lineup.
 FH stands for Forward control High entry where numbers denominate engine capacity in litres.
 The FH range is one of the most successful truck series ever having sold more than 400,000 units worldwide.
The Eastern Bloc was the group of socialist states of Central and Eastern Europe, generally the Soviet Union and the countries of the Warsaw Pact.
 The terms Communist Bloc and Soviet Bloc were also used to denote groupings of states aligned with the Soviet Union, although these terms might include states outside Central and Eastern Europe.
Fabryka Samochodów Ciężarowych "Star" was a Polish truck manufacturer.
 The name comes from the City of Starachowice, where the factory is located.
 Their first vehicle was the "Star 20" in 1948.
 The most popular product was the "Star 266".
 The 266 model offered very good quality and powerful engines for a low price.
 It was sold in various countries for many years (not only in the Eastern Bloc; for example it was used by the Yemen Army).
 For many years FSC Star was a state-owned company.
 Star is now owned by MAN AG who eliminated the brand in January 2009.
The Second World is a term referring to the former industrial socialist states (formally the Eastern Bloc) largely encompassing territories under the influence of the Soviet Union.
 Following World War II, there were 19 communist states, and after the fall of the Soviet Union, only five socialist states remained: China, North Korea, Cuba, Laos, and Vietnam.
 Along with "First World" and "Third World", the term was used to divide the states of Earth into three broad categories.
Leader found their niche in the heavy transport market and built as a rigid 4x4 and 6x6 configuration for tray, tipper and agitator applications, they offered reliable machines in the industries of earth-moving and off-road construction.
 Leader was notable for being the first manufacturer to fit Caterpillar engines to trucks, to fit automatic transmissions to diesel trucks in assembly, and the first truck manufacturer in Australia to offer disc brakes.
 Leader boasted its components to be 80 percent Australian built with only the engine, transmission and steering box imported.
 By 1980, Leader had sold its 1000th truck in Australia and had also sold trucks to New Zealand, South Africa, Hong Kong, China and Indonesia.
During the later stages of World War II and the post-war period, German citizens and people of German ancestry were expelled from various Eastern European countries and sent to the remaining territory of Germany and Austria.
 After 1950, some emigrated to the United States, Australia, and other countries from there.
 The areas affected included the former eastern territories of Germany, which were annexed by Poland and the Soviet Union after the war, as well as Germans who were living within the prewar borders of Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Romania, Yugoslavia, and the Baltic States.
 The Nazis had made plans—only partially completed before the Nazi defeat—to remove many Slavic and Jewish people from Eastern Europe and settle the area with Germans.
 The post war expulsion of the Germans formed a major part of the geopolitical and ethnic reconfiguration of Eastern Europe in the aftermath of World War II, that attempted to create ethnically homogeneous nations within redefined borders.
 Between 1944 and 1948 about 31 million people, including ethnic Germans ('Volksdeutsche') as well as German citizens ('Reichsdeutsche'), were permanently or temporarily moved from Central and Eastern Europe.
Daimler AG (] ) is a German multinational automotive corporation.
 Daimler AG is headquartered in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
 As of 2014, Daimler owns or has shares in a number of car, bus, truck and motorcycle brands including Mercedes-Benz, Mercedes-AMG, Smart Automobile, Detroit Diesel, Freightliner, Western Star, Thomas Built Buses, Setra, BharatBenz, Mitsubishi Fuso, MV Agusta as well as shares in Denza, KAMAZ, Beijing Automotive Group.
 The luxury Maybach brand was terminated at the end of 2012, but revived in April 2015 as "Mercedes-Maybach" versions of the Mercedes-Benz S-Class and G-Class.
 In 2016 Daimler sold 3.0 million vehicles.
 By unit sales, Daimler is the thirteenth-largest car manufacturer and is the largest truck manufacturer in the world.
 In addition to automobiles, Daimler manufactures buses and provides financial services through its Daimler Financial Services arm.
 The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
The Warsaw Pact, formally the Treaty of Friendship, Cooperation, and Mutual Assistance, was a collective defence treaty signed in Warsaw among the Soviet Union and seven Soviet satellite states of Central and Eastern Europe during the Cold War.
 The Warsaw Pact was the military complement to the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (CoMEcon), the regional economic organization for the socialist states of Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Warsaw Pact was created in reaction to the integration of West Germany into NATO in 1955 per the London and Paris Conferences of 1954, but it is also considered to have been motivated by Soviet desires to maintain control over military forces in Central and Eastern Europe.
Soon after the formation of the Soviet Union, emigration restrictions were put in place to keep citizens from leaving the various countries of the Soviet Socialist Republics, though some defections still occurred.
 During and after World War II, similar restrictions were put in place in non-Soviet countries of the Eastern Bloc, which consisted of the Communist states of Eastern Europe.
