The Merchant Shipping Act 1995 is an Act of Parliament passed in the United Kingdom in 1995.
 It consolidated much of the UK's maritime legislation, repealing several Acts in their entirety and provisions in many more, some dating back to the mid-nineteenth century.
 It appoints several officers of Admiralty Jurisdiction such as the Receiver of Wreck.
 The Act of 1995 updates the prior Merchant Shipping Act 1894.
 The lead part on British ships was impacted by the outcome of the Factortame case, as the Merchant Shipping Act 1988 was impugned by the Common Fisheries Policy.
The Victorian Heritage Register (VHR) lists places of cultural heritage significance to the State of Victoria, Australia.
 It has statutory weight under the Heritage Act 1995 which establishes Heritage Victoria as the permit authority.
 Heritage Victoria is part of the Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning, a department of the Government of Victoria, Australia.
 Heritage Victoria reports to the Heritage Council who assess nominations to the register.
 The Minister for Planning is the responsible Minister for Heritage Victoria and the Heritage Act 1995.
 As of 2013, there were over 2,200 places and objects listed on the VHR.
The Rights of the Terminally Ill Act 1995 (NT) was a controversial law legalising euthanasia in the Northern Territory, which was passed by the Parliament of the Northern Territory of Australia in 1995.
 The Act was passed by the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly on 25 May 1995 by a vote of 15 to 10, received the Administrator's assent on 16 June 1995, and entered into force on 1 July 1996.
 A year later, a repeal bill was brought before the Northern Territory Parliament in August 1996, but was defeated by 14 votes to 11.
Within England and Wales there are thirteen areas known as national parks, each administered by its own national park authority, a special purpose local authority, the role of which as set out in the Environment Act 1995 is: "to conserve and enhance the natural beauty, wildlife and cultural heritage of the National Parks."
 and "to promote opportunities for the understanding and enjoyment of the special qualities of the National Parks by the public."
 The national park authority for each park addresses these aims in partnership with other organisations, such as the National Trust.
 In cases where there may be conflict between the two purposes of designation, the first must take precedence under the Sandford Principle.
 The national park authorities also have a duty to foster the economic and social wellbeing of communities in pursuit of these purposes.
The Slum Rehabilitation Act 1995 was passed by the government of the Indian state Maharashtra to protect the rights of swamp dwellers and promote the development of swamp areas.
 The Act protected from eviction, anyone who could produce a document proving they lived in the city of Mumbai before January 1995, regardless if they lived on the swamp or other kinds of marsh land.
 The ACT was the result of policy development that included grassroots slum dweller organisations, particularly SPARC.
The Highways Act 1980 (1980 c.66) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom dealing with the management and operation of the road network in England and Wales.
 It consolidated with amendments several earlier pieces of legislation.
 Many amendments relate only to changes of highway authority, to include new unitary councils and National Parks.
 By virtue of the Local Government (Wales) Act 1994 and the Environment Act 1995, most references to local authority are taken to also include Welsh councils and National Park authorities.
 By virtue of the National Assembly for Wales (Transfer of Functions) Order 1999 most references to 'the Minister' are taken to include the National Assembly for Wales.
 The Act is split into 14 parts covering 345 sections, it also includes 25 schedules.
English trust law concerns the creation and protection of asset funds, which are usually held by one party for another's benefit.
 Trusts were a creation of the English law of property and obligations, but also share a history with countries across the Commonwealth and the United States.
 Trusts developed when claimants in property disputes were dissatisfied with the common law courts and petitioned the King for a just and equitable result.
 On the King's behalf, the Lord Chancellor developed a parallel justice system in the Court of Chancery.
 Historically, trusts were mostly used where people left money in a will, created family settlements, created charities, or some types of business venture.
 After the Judicature Act 1873, England's courts of equity and common law were merged, and equitable principles took precedence.
 Today, trusts play an important role in financial investments, especially in unit trusts and pension trusts, where trustees and fund managers usually invest assets for people who wish to save for retirement.
 Although people are generally free to write trusts in any way they like, an increasing number of statutes are designed to protect beneficiaries, or regulate the trust relationship, including the Trustee Act 1925, Trustee Investments Act 1961, Recognition of Trusts Act 1987, Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, Trustee Act 2000, Pensions Act 1995, Pensions Act 2004 and the Charities Act 2011.
Lost: A Memoir is a non-fiction memoir, written by Canadian writer Cathy Ostlere, first published in May 2008 by Key Porter Books.
 In the book, the author chronicles her feelings of guilt associated with her brother and his fiancee being declared "lost at sea".
 Ostlere had promised her brother not to divulge his plans for a sea voyage, and when his birthday in 1995 passed without the family receiving a call, she felt it was not particularly unusual of his character, and choose not to mention their secret.
 After weeks of no word, Ostlere admitted to her parents that she had know of the seafaring plans.
 Soon after admitting this, it was determined that the couple were officially "lost at sea".
The Environment Act 1995 (c 25) passed under the ministerial tutelage of John Gummer, is a United Kingdom Act of Parliament which created a number of new agencies and set new standards for environmental management.
The Hedgerows Regulations 1997 of England and Wales came into effect on 1st June 1997 and is government legislation which falls under the Environment Act 1995.
 It was created to protect hedgerows, in particular those in the countryside aged 30 years or older.
 Since the legislation came into effect it is a criminal offence to remove a hedgerow in contravention to the regulations.
