ProSieben (] , "sieben" is German for seven) is a commercial television station in Germany.
 It is largely distributed by cable and satellite and to a lesser extent digital video broadcasting – terrestrial.
 It began operations on 1 January 1989.
 Since 2003, the station, part of ProSiebenSat.1 Media.
 ProSieben is Germany's second-largest privately owned television company.
 Although ProSieben produces some of its programming itself, it also airs many American imports.
 On 3 May 2012, ProSieben launched a payTV channel called ProSieben Fun.
 A third channel called ProSieben Maxx started broadcasting on 3 September 2013.
Minnetonka ( ) is a suburban city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States, eight miles (13 km) west of Minneapolis.
 The population was 49,734 at the 2010 census.
 The name comes from the Dakota Indian "mni tanka", meaning "great water".
 The city is the home of Cargill, the country's largest privately owned company, and United Healthcare, the state's largest publicly owned company.
David Hamilton Koch ( ; born May 3, 1940) is an American businessman, philanthropist, political activist, and chemical engineer.
 He joined the family business Koch Industries, a conglomerate that is the second-largest privately held company in the United States, in 1970.
 He became president of the subsidiary Koch Engineering in 1979, and became a co-owner of Koch Industries, with older brother Charles, in 1983.
 He is now an executive vice president.
 Koch is an influential libertarian.
 He was the 1980 candidate for Vice President of the United States from the United States Libertarian Party and helped finance the campaign.
 He founded Citizens for a Sound Economy.
 He and his brother Charles have donated to political advocacy groups and to political campaigns, almost entirely Republican.
Beyond Words Publishing is a book publishing company located in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
 Founded in 1983, the company was unprofitable in its early years, though its works were award winning.
 The privately owned company focuses on non-fiction titles in the New Age genre (now generally referred to as mind-body-spirit category), but began as a publisher of coffee table books.
 Beyond Words has a national distribution agreement with Simon & Schuster’s Altria Books imprint and has published works by John Gray, Masaru Emoto, and Rhonda Byrne, including her book The Secret.
The Koch family foundations are a group of charitable foundations in the United States associated with the family of Fred C. Koch.
 The most prominent of these are the Charles Koch Foundation and the David H. Koch Charitable Foundation, created by Charles Koch and David Koch, two sons of Fred C. Koch who own the majority of Koch Industries, an oil, gas, paper, and chemical conglomerate which is the US's second-largest privately held company.
 Charles' and David's foundations have provided millions of dollars to a variety of organizations, including libertarian and conservative think tanks.
 Areas of funding include think tanks, political advocacy, climate change scepticism, higher education scholarships, cancer research, arts, and science.
New Zealand Mint (Māori: Te Kamupene Whakanao o Aotearoa ) is a privately owned company in Auckland, New Zealand.
 It is the only privately owned mint in New Zealand, purchasing refined gold from international sources to produce coins.
 The company trades in precious metals including gold bullion, and is a physical storage provider.
Banfield Pet Hospital is a privately owned company based in Vancouver, Washington, United States, that operates veterinary clinics.
 Part of the Mars, Incorporated family of companies, Banfield owns clinics in the United States, Mexico, and the United Kingdom.
 Founded in 1955, the company operates many of its 800 plus clinics inside PetSmart stores.
 Banfield is the largest privately owned veterinary practice in the United States.
 On April 2, 2014, Banfield Pet Hospital announced its headquarters would be relocating to Vancouver, Washington, from nearby Portland, Oregon.
Binford & Mort Publishing is a book publishing company located in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
 Founded in 1930, the company was previously known as Metropolitan Press and Binfords & Mort.
 At one time they were the largest book publisher in the Pacific Northwest.
 The privately owned company focuses on books from the Pacific Northwest, and has printed many important titles covering Oregon’s history.
Fred Chase Koch ( ; September 23, 1900 – November 17, 1967) was an American chemical engineer and entrepreneur who founded the oil refinery firm that later became Koch Industries, a privately held company which, under the principal ownership and leadership of Koch's sons, Charles and David, is listed by "Forbes," as of 2015, as the second-largest privately held company in the United States.
The Koch family ( ) is an American family engaged in business, most noted for their political activities and control of Koch Industries, the second-largest privately owned company in the United States (with 2013 revenues of $115 billion).
 The family business was started by Fred C. Koch, who developed a new cracking method for the refinement of heavy crude oil into gasoline.
 Fred's four sons litigated against each other over their interests in the business during the 1980s and 1990s.
