Dukenfield Hall is a country house located between Knutsford and Mobberley in Cheshire, England.
 Now a symmetrical brick building, it originated in the late 16th or early 17th century as a small cruck-framed house, entered at one end.
 During the 17th century it was faced with brick, cross wings were added and the roof was heightened.
 The house was originally called Podmore House.
 Further additions were made to the house in the 19th and 20th centuries.
 It is constructed in plum-coloured brick with stone dressings, and has a stone-slate roof.
 The house is in two storeys plus an attic.
 Its entrance front is E-shaped, and has three projecting wings with gables.
 The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
 Associated with the house are two structures listed at Grade II.
 These are the gate piers to the forecourt, and a barn.
Jeff Hoover (born January 18, 1960 in Albany, Kentucky) is a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing the 83rd district where he has served since 1996.
 Hoover was selected to serve as House Minority Caucus Chair in 1999, and served as House Minority Leader, a position he held 2001 to 2017.
 Hoover is a 1982 graduate of Centre College and a 1987 graduate of Cumberland School of Law.
 Hoover unsuccessfully ran for Lieutenant Governor of the State of Kentucky in 2007 as the running mate of former U.S. Rep. Anne Northup; their slate received 36.5% of the vote in the primary against Gov. Ernie Fletcher.
The Barry R. Feirstein Graduate School of Cinema, more commonly referred to as the Feirstein Graduate School of Cinema, is a film school and one of the graduate schools of Brooklyn College, a senior college within the City University of New York.
 It is located on the Steiner Studios film lot in Brooklyn, New York.
 Feirstein is the first public graduate film school in New York City and is the only public graduate film school in the United States located on a working film lot.
 The school is named after Barry Feirstein, a donor and Brooklyn College alumnus.
Charles T. Holt House is a historic home located at Haw River, Alamance County, North Carolina.
 It was designed by noted architect George Franklin Barber and built in 1897.
 The house is a 2 1/2-story, rectangular dwelling sheathed in wood, slate, brick and stone in the Queen Anne style.
 It features peaks, turrets and decorative chimney stacks.
 Also on the property are the contributing carriage house, servant's quarters, gas house, corn crib, barn, and well house / flowerhouse.
 It was built for textile businessman Charles T Holt, the son of Thomas Michael Holt, governor of North Carolina, and his wife Gena Jones Holt, the daughter of Thomas Goode Jones, governor of Alabama.
The Thomas H. Gale House, or simply Thomas Gale House, is a house located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park, Illinois, United States.
 The house was designed by famous American architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1892 and is an example of his early work.
 The house was designed by Wright independently while he was still employed by Adler and Sullivan, something architect Louis Sullivan forbade.
 The house is significant because of what it shows about the architect's early development period.
 The Parker House is listed as contributing property to a U.S. federally Registered Historic District.
 The house was designated an Oak Park Landmark in 2002.
Julia Morgan School for Girls is an all-girls middle school in Oakland, California named for Julia Morgan, the building's architect and the first woman to be licensed in California as an architect.
 The school is housed in a historic and architecturally significant building she designed.
 The building was constructed in 1924 and was originally used for The Ming Quong Home for Chinese girls, an orphanage.
 It was purchased and donated to Mills College in 1936 and became known as Graduate House.
 After 1960 it was known as Alderwood Hall.
 In 2004, the building was renovated for use as the Julia Morgan School for Girls.
 The building is located at 5000 MacArthur Boulevard.
The Casa de los Jesuitas is a large building located in Cartagena de Indias, in Colombia.
 The first Jesuit House in Cartagena, home of the College of the Company in 1604, was located in the old Plaza del Muelle, now it is located on Calle de la Ronda street, and serves as headquarters for the Naval Museum.
 When the section of the Walls that closed the city to the southwest was built, a part of it occupied the ground of the Jesuit College, reason why the governor don Francisco de Murga authorized to the Company of Jesus to raise their house on the Wall, not without it triggering a heated debate.
 Years later, the governor don Melchor Aguilera obtained a royal cedula that ordered the demolition of the House of the Company of Jesus, to which opposed the disciples of Loyola, being instituted a long litigation, whose solution entrusted the King to the governor of Cartagena de Indias , Don Luis Fernández de Córdoba.
The Farr House is a historic house located at 106 E. Wynoka St. in Pierre, South Dakota.
 Built in 1904, the house was designed by architect E. J. Donahue in the Colonial Revival style.
 Donahue's design exhibits Georgian and Adamesque influences and features Ionic columns on the porch, two-story Ionic pilasters at the front corners, Palladian windows, and a dentillated cornice.
 The house's first owner, Colonel Farr, was a veteran and banker; his wife, Mary Noyes-Farr, was one of the first female doctors in Pierre.
 Peter Norbeck later lived in the house during his term as South Dakota Governor, and Governor Carl Gunderson also lived in the house for a short time.
 The house is now a bed and breakfast.
The Gateway College of Architecture and Design has been set up by Gateway Education and offers a five-year B. Architecture program.
 This society has as a partner, an architect who has a strong desire of providing education to the young people, aspiring to lead a creative life of an architect, a platform that is based on idealistic but pragmatic thinking.
 The college is being guided by another architect who has a vast experience in architectural education and believes in using contemporary teaching methods for effective education.
 The group has the long term plans of becoming a University offering a variety of under graduate and post-graduate courses.
 The group is running a successful, modern CBSE school, an Engineering College and a Hotel Management College.
 GCAD was awarded the best upcoming architecture institute in Haryana.
The former Governor's House is located in Toft Road, Knutsford, Cheshire, England.
 It was built for the governor of Knutsford Gaol, and has later been used as a Tourist Information Centre.
 It was built in 1844 and designed by the Lancaster architect Edmund Sharpe.
 It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
 The house is constructed in red brick in Georgian style.
