The JW Marriott Essex House, opened in 1931 and commonly known as the Essex House, is a 44-story luxury hotel with 509 Art Deco style rooms, located at 160 Central Park South in Manhattan, across the street from the southern border of Central Park.
 The building also includes a large number of condominium residences.
 It is immediately recognizable by its original red neon rooftop sign.
111 Murray Street (formerly known as 101 Murray Street or 101 Tribeca) is a residential skyscraper under construction developed by Witkoff Group and Fisher Brothers in Tribeca, Manhattan, New York City.
Grand Army Plaza lies between 58th Street and 60th Street, just west of Fifth Avenue and just east of East Drive.
 It is bisected by Central Park South.
 The plaza is bounded on the north by Scholars Gate, once one of the two main entrances to the carriage drives of Central Park; bounded on the west by the famed Plaza Hotel; bounded on the south by the Bergdorf Goodman department store, formerly the site of the Cornelius Vanderbilt II House, once one of Fifth Avenue's grandest Gilded Age mansions.
Murray Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Mount Morris in Livingston County, New York.
 The districts consists of the 16 properties on Murray Street between Eagle Street and Stanley Street.
 The district includes 16 contributing primary buildings, all residences; six contributing outbuildings, carriage houses and garages; and three contributing objects, a carriage step, hitching post, and early 20th century street lights.
Columbus Circle, named for Christopher Columbus, is a traffic circle and heavily trafficked intersection in the New York City borough of Manhattan, located at the intersection of Eighth Avenue, Broadway, Central Park South (West 59th Street), and Central Park West, at the southwest corner of Central Park.
 It is the point from which all official distances from New York City are measured.
 The name is also used for the neighborhood a few blocks around the circle in each direction.
 To the south of the circle lies Hell's Kitchen, also known as "Clinton", and the Theater District, and to the north is the Upper West Side.
The Cape May County Park & Zoo in Cape May Court House, New Jersey, provides free year-round admission to a collection of more than 550 animals representing 250 species in 85 acre of exhibits.
 The zoo is located at 707 Route 9 North, in the center of Cape May County's Central Park, and together the zoo and the park cover about 220 acre .
 The zoo began operation in 1978.
 Its principal exhibit areas are a 57 acre "African Savanna", a free-flight aviary, and a reptile collection.
 In addition to the Zoo and Park Central, there is also Park East, Park North and Park South.
The Park Lane Hotel is a New York City luxury hotel located at 36 Central Park South, between Fifth and Sixth Avenues in Midtown Manhattan, overlooking Central Park.
 Constructed in 1971, the hotel was designed by the prolific architecture firm, Emery Roth & Sons, for prominent New York City real estate developer Harry Helmsley.
 The Hotel currently operates under the ownership of Steve Witkoff’s real estate investment firm, the Witkoff Group.
220 Central Park South is a residential skyscraper currently under construction, being developed by Vornado Realty Trust.
 It is located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, in the U.S. state of New York, and is being designed by Robert A.M. Stern Architects.
Lower Mitcham is an inner southern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia in the local government area of Mitcham.
 To the north, it is bounded by Grange Road, to the east by Belair Road, to the south by Murray Street.
 To the west, the suburb is bordered by a line running from Murray Street along View Street and continuing north to Grange Road.
200 Central Park South is a Modern-style building on the south side of Central Park in New York City, at the corner of 7th Avenue and Central Park South (59th Street).
 It is most notable for its curving facade, banded by balconies.
 Its exterior is beige brick and glass.
 It is across from a major pedestrian and vehicle entrance into Central Park, known as the "Merchant's Gate".
 This full service building was built post-war in 1963 by Bernard Spitzer and Melvin Lipman.
 It was designed by Wechsler & Schimenti.
 This building is highly recognizable in New York City photographs, most notably for its curved facade.
 The building is lined with terraces that taper in, then curve, and taper out as they wrap around the two faces of the building.
