The Best of Suede is a compilation album by English alternative rock band Suede, released in November 2010.
 The compilation spans two discs and it is a mix of singles, album tracks and B-sides compiled by lead singer Brett Anderson.
 Disc one includes all of the band's singles excluding "Positivity" and "Attitude".
 Disc two includes album tracks from the band's first three albums as well as seven B-sides from disc one of "Sci-Fi Lullabies".
 Both Anderson and former guitarist Bernard Butler were involved in the remastering of the tracks with Chris Potter.
 The cover artwork is designed by Elizabeth Peyton.
"Adore You" is a song recorded by American recording artist Miley Cyrus.
 It is the opening track of her fourth studio album "Bangerz" (2013) and was released as its third and final single on December 17, 2013 by RCA Records.
 The song was written and produced by Oren Yoel, with additional songwriting provided by Stacy Barthe.
 "Adore You" is a pop and contemporary R&B ballad in which Cyrus discusses her affection towards her boyfriend.
Love in the Future is the fourth studio album by American singer John Legend.
 The album was released on August 30, 2013.
 The album, executive produced by Legend, Kanye West and Dave Tozer, features guest appearances from Kimbra, Rick Ross, Stacy Barthe and Seal.
 The album was supported by four official singles, "Who Do We Think We Are", "Made to Love", "All of Me" and "You & I (Nobody in the World)".
 Upon its release "Love in the Future" received generally positive reviews from music critics.
 The album debuted at number four on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 68,000 copies in its first week.
Greatest Hits & More is the first compilation album by Greek-Swedish recording artist Helena Paparizou, released in Greece and Cyprus by Sony Music Greece/RCA on 23 May 2011, although it became available through some retailers as early as 20 May.
 The album is a three disc set containing 52 tracks since the start of her solo career (since 2003), spanning five studio albums: "Protereotita" (2004), "Iparhi Logos" (2006), "The Game of Love" (2006), "Vrisko To Logo Na Zo" (2008), and "Giro Apo T' Oneiro" (2010).
 Although marketed as a greatest hits album, it contains all of Paparizou's regularly released singles, including some of their English versions, rather than a selective collection of the best performing songs, as well as several promotional singles and album tracks that have never officially been released to radios.
 The first disc is mostly a collection of her regularly released solo singles; the second is split into three sections: "International" containing English-language songs, "B-Sides" containing mostly album tracks (none of which are b-sides), and "Covers"; the third is split into "New Songs" featuring "Baby It's Over" and "Love Me Crazy", "Bonus Tracks" with four remixes of the former and a Greek-language version of the latter entitled "Oti Niotho Den Allazei", and finally "Duets", showcasing her work as a featured artist.
Stacy Barthe (born July 19, 1985) is an American singer-songwriter from Brooklyn, New York City, New York.
 She is a Grammy-nominated songwriter and signed a publishing deal to Universal Music Publishing Group by Ethiopia Habtermariam, in 2007.
 Soon after, Barthe would land her first placement, "Blur", on Britney Spears "Circus" album.
 Barthe has worked with artists such as Akon, Melanie Fiona, Estelle, Brandy and Sean "Diddy" Combs.
 Penning album tracks for Katy Perry ("Hummingbird Heartbeat"), Kelly Rowland ("Everywhere You Go") and Rihanna ("Cheers (Drink to That)"), the latter of which hit number seven on "Billboard"'s Hot 100.
 She has also worked with high-profile producers Hit-Boy, Cool and Dre, The Runners, Jerry 'Wonder' Duplessis, Supa Dups, Danja (producer), Dapo Torimiro and Tricky Stewart, among others.
"Cheers (Drink to That)" is a song recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, from her fifth studio album, "Loud" (2010).
 The song impacted US mainstream and rhythmic radio on August 2, 2011, as the seventh and final single released from "Loud".
 The song was written by Andrew Harr, Jermaine Jackson, Stacy Barthe, LP, Corey Gibson, Chris Ivery, Lauren Christy, Graham Edwards, Avril Lavigne and Scott Spock, while production of the song was completed by Harr and Jackson under their stage name, The Runners.
 The song also contains samples from Lavigne's song "I'm with You", which is featured on her debut album "Let Go" (2002).
 Lyrically, "Cheers (Drink to That)" is a party-drinking song, with multiple references to drinking alcohol, including Jameson Irish Whiskey.
The Best Hits is the second greatest hits album, and seventh overall release, from pop singer Enrique Iglesias.
 The album was released by Fonovisa after Iglesias had left them, and is the second of three compilation releases made available following his departure.
 The collection includes a number of album tracks and popular singles, although due to the release of "Bailamos Greatest Hits" a few months prior, failed to sell highly in the United States or Latin America.
 Unlike its predecessor, the album contains more singles than album tracks, and could be seen as more of a greatest hits than "Bailamos Greatest Hits".
 The album was certified gold in u.s for sales of 500,000 copies.
"Hummingbird Heartbeat" is a song recorded by American singer Katy Perry for her third studio album, "Teenage Dream" (2010).
 It was written by Perry, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Stacy Barthe, and Monte Neuble.
 Stewart handled the production of the song, while Kuk Harrell produced Perry's vocals.
 "Hummingbird Heartbeat" was inspired by Perry's boyfriend at the time, Russell Brand.
 Musically, it is a 1980s-styled hard rock song that contains a mixture of elements from rock and electronica.
 Lyrically, the song compares the feeling of being in love to the speed of a hummingbird's heartbeat.
Best Of – LaFee is the first greatest hits compilation from German rock singer LaFee.
 The album was released on 27 November 2009 by Capitol Records and EMI.
 The release will be in two different editions, "Die Tag Edition" and "Die Nacht Edition".
 "Die Tag Edition" will feature one CD of all singles as well some album tracks and b-sides.
 While the "Die Nacht Edition" has a second CD which features the most of the remaining b-sides as well some more album tracks taken from both her English and German albums.
Jed is the second studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls.
 It is the first studio album in which John Rzeznik sang vocals for some of the tracks.
 The majority of the songs are sung by Robby Takac, with Rzeznik taking over for two ("Up Yours" and "James Dean").
 Fellow Western New York native Lance Diamond sings vocals on track seven, "Down On The Corner."
 The second track on the album, "Up Yours", was the only song from "Jed" found on the band's compilation album "What I Learned About Ego, Opinion, Art & Commerce".
 The song "No Way Out" was also included on the band's most recent compilation album "Volume Two", which consisted of other album tracks, b-sides and rarities.
 The album was re-released on CD on February 22, 1994.
