The 2009 Glasgow North East by-election was a by-election for the Parliament of the United Kingdom's House of Commons constituency of Glasgow North East.
 The by-election was held on 12 November 2009 following the resignation of Michael Martin as an MP and as Speaker of the House of Commons following the MPs' expenses scandal.
 Martin was the first Speaker since Sir John Trevor in 1695 to be forced from office.
 Willie Bain, the Scottish Labour Party candidate, won with 59% of the vote.
 Just 33% of the electorate voted, which is the lowest ever percentage turnout in a Scottish by-election to the House of Commons.
Jean-Marie Boisvert (born September 20, 1939) is a former Canadian politician and teacher.
 He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1972 election as a Member of the Social Credit Party to represent the riding of Drummond.
 During his political career, he sat on various parliamentary committees including the Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on Justice and Legal Affairs, Canadian House of Commons Special Committee on Trends in Food Prices, Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on Justice and Legal Affairs and the Standing Joint Committee on the Library of Parliament.
Baron Dunalley, of Kilboy in the County of Tipperary, is a title in the Peerage of Ireland.
 It was created in 1800 for Henry Prittie, who had previously represented Banagher, Gowran and County Tipperary in the Irish House of Commons.
 His son, the second Baron, represented Carlow in the Irish Parliament and Okehampton in the British House of Commons and also sat in the House of Lords as an Irish Representative Peer from 1828 to 1854.
 He was succeeded by his nephew, the third Baron.
 When he died the barony was inherited by his son, the fourth Baron.
 He was an Irish Representative Peer between 1891 and 1927 and served as Lord Lieutenant of County Tipperary.
 s of 2014 the title is held by his great-grandson, the seventh Baron, who succeeded his father in 1992.
Prosper Boulanger (November 17, 1918 December 5, 2002) was a Canadian politician and businessman.
 He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1962 as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Mercier.
 He was re-elected in 1963, 1965, 1968, 1972 and 1974.
 During his political career, he was Chair of the Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on Veterans Affairs and also a member of the Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on Fisheries and Forestry and the Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on Procedure and Organization and served as Assistant Deputy Chair of Committees of the Whole.
 Boulanger was also a councillor on the Montreal City Council and also served in the Royal Canadian Air Force between 1939 and 1946.
The Canadian federal election of 1926 was held on September 14 to elect members of the Canadian House of Commons of the 16th Parliament of Canada.
 The election was called following an event known as the King-Byng Affair.
 In the 1925 federal election, Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King's Liberal Party of Canada won fewer seats in the Canadian House of Commons than the Liberal-Conservatives of Arthur Meighen.
 Mackenzie King, however, was determined to continue to govern with the support of the Progressive Party.
 The combined Liberal and Progressive caucuses gave Mackenzie King a plurality of seats in the House of Commons, and the ability to form a minority government.
Congleton is a constituency in Cheshire, represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2010 by Fiona Bruce of the Conservative Party.
Earl Belmore, in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland, is a title in the Peerage of Ireland created in 1797 for Armar Lowry-Corry, 1st Viscount Belmore, who had previously represented County Tyrone in the Irish House of Commons.
 He had already been created Baron Belmore, of Castle Coole in County Fermanagh, in 1781 and Viscount Belmore in 1789, also in the Peerage of Ireland.
 Born Armar Lowry, he was the son of Galbraith Lowry, Member of the Irish House of Commons for County Tyrone, and his wife Sarah, daughter of Colonel John Corry.
 In 1774 he assumed by Royal licence the additional surname of Corry.
 He was succeeded by his eldest son, the second Earl.
 He represented County Tyrone in both the Irish and British House of Commons, sat in the House of Lords as an Irish Representative Peer from 1819 to 1841 and served as Governor of Jamaica from 1828 to 1832.
Earl of Lanesborough was a title in the Peerage of Ireland.
 It was created in 1756 for Humphrey Butler, 2nd Viscount Lanesborough.
 The Butler family descended from Theophilus Butler, who represented County Cavan and Belturbet in the Irish House of Commons.
 In 1715 he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Newtown-Butler, of the County of Fermanagh, with remainder to the heirs male of his father.
 He was succeeded according to the special remainder by his brother, Brinsley, the second Baron.
 He had previously represented Kells and Belturbet in the Irish Parliament.
 In 1728 he was created Viscount Lanesborough in the Peerage of Ireland.
 He was succeeded by his son, Humphrey, the aforementioned second Viscount, who was elevated to an earldom in 1728.
 The first Earl was succeeded by his son, Brinsley, the second Earl.
 He represented County Cavan in the Irish House of Commons.
 His grandson, the fifth Earl, sat in the British House of Lords as an Irish Representative Peer from 1849 to 1866.
 The latter was succeeded by his nephew, the sixth Earl.
 He served as Lord-Lieutenant of Cavan from 1876 to 1900 and was an Irish Representative Peer from 1870 to 1905.
 He was succeeded by his son, the seventh Earl.
 He was an Irish Representative Peer from 1913 to 1929.
 On his death the titles passed to his younger brother, the eighth Earl.
 The titles became extinct on the death of the latter's eldest son, the ninth Earl, in 1998.
Baron Crofton is a title in the Peerage of Ireland.
 It was created in 1797 (as Baroness Crofton) for Dame Anne Crofton.
 She was the widow of Sir Edward Crofton, 2nd Baronet, of the Mote, who had represented Roscommon in the Irish House of Commons and had been offered a peerage just before his death.
 The peerage was instead bestowed upon his widow.
 She was succeeded by her grandson, the second Baron, who had already succeeded as fourth Baronet.
 He sat in the House of Lords as an Irish Representative Peer from 1840 to 1869 and served as a Lord-in-Waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) in the three Conservative administrations of the Earl of Derby and in Benjamin Disraeli's first government.
 His son, the third Baron, served as an Irish Representative Peer between 1873 and 1912 and was also State Steward to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
 His nephew, the fourth Baron, was an Irish Representative Peer from 1916 to 1942.
 s of 2014 the titles are held by the latter's great-great-grandson, the eighth Baron, who succeeded his father in 2007.
In Canada, the Dean of the House is the Member of the House of Commons with the longest unbroken record of service who is not a Cabinet Minister, party Leader, House Leader or Whip.
 The Dean is responsible for presiding over the election of the Speaker of the House of Commons at the beginning of each Parliament.
 The position is the equivalent of the Father of the House in the British House of Commons.
