Grey Gardens is a 1975 American documentary film by Albert and David Maysles.
 The film depicts the everyday lives of two reclusive, formerly upper class women, a mother and daughter both named Edith Beale, who lived in poverty at Grey Gardens, a derelict mansion at 3 West End Road in the wealthy Georgica Pond neighborhood of East Hampton, New York.
 The film was screened at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival but was not entered into the main competition.
Michael Korie is an American librettist and lyricist whose writing for musical theater and opera includes the musicals "Grey Gardens" and "Far From Heaven", and the operas "Harvey Milk" and "The Grapes of Wrath".
 His works have been produced on Broadway, Off-Broadway, and internationally.
 His lyrics have been nominated for the Tony Award and the Drama Desk Award, and won the Outer Critics Circle Award.
 In 2016, Korie was awarded the Marc Blitzstein Award from the American Academy of Arts and Letters.
Jeanne Marie Tripplehorn (born June 10, 1963) is an American film and television actress.
 Her film career began with the role of a police psychologist in the erotic thriller "Basic Instinct" (1992).
 Her other film roles include "The Firm" (1993), "Waterworld" (1995) and "Sliding Doors" (1998).
 On television, she starred as Barbara Henrickson on the HBO drama series "Big Love" (2006–11) and as Dr. Alex Blake on the CBS police drama "Criminal Minds" (2012–14), and she received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for her performance as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in the 2009 HBO movie "Grey Gardens".
Jerry “The Marble Faun” Torre (b. 1953?
/1955) is an American sculptor.
 He is best known for his appearance in the 1975 independent documentary films "Grey Gardens" and "The Beales of Grey Gardens" by Albert and David Maysles.
 As a sculptor, his work has been shown in several galleries in New York City and written about in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Vogue, Architectural Digest, Forbes, among other publications.
 He is affectionately known among cult-film followers as “The Marble Faun”; a nickname that Edith Bouvier Beale gave him upon their first meeting.
 Torre worked as an assistant to Wayland Flowers, and through Aristotle Onassis obtained a job tending gardens for the Royal Family of Saudi Arabia.
 He was portrayed in the Tony Award winning Broadway musical "Grey Gardens" in 2006.
 His life has been documented in the 2011 film "The Marble Faun of Grey Gardens".
Phelan Beale (May 23, 1881 – June 12, 1956) was an American attorney and sportsman in New York City who was married to Edith Ewing Bouvier, an aunt of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
 Beale is probably best remembered as the absent father chronicled in the Grey Gardens saga portrayed in a 1975 movie documentary, 2006 Broadway musical, and 2009 HBO Film, all of which were named for his home in East Hampton, New York.
Malcolm Gets (born December 28, 1964) is an American actor.
 He is best known for his role as Richard in the American television sitcom "Caroline in the City".
 Gets is also a dancer, singer, composer, classically trained pianist, vocal director, and choreographer.
 He played Gould in the 2009 film "Grey Gardens" opposite Jessica Lange and Drew Barrymore and his first solo album came out in 2009 from PS Classics.
Grey Gardens is a 28-room house at 3 West End Road and Lily Pond Lane in the Georgica Pond neighborhood of East Hampton, New York.
 The lives of its residents were chronicled in the "Grey Gardens" 1975 documentary, 2006 Broadway musical, 2009 television movie, and numerous other books and documentaries.
Grey Gardens is an HBO film about the lives of Edith Bouvier Beale/"Little Edie", played by Drew Barrymore, and her mother Edith Ewing Bouvier/"Big Edie", played by Jessica Lange.
 Co-stars include Jeanne Tripplehorn as Jacqueline Kennedy (Little Edie's cousin) and Ken Howard as Phelan Beale (Little Edie's father).
 The film, directed by Michael Sucsy and co-written by Sucsy and Patricia Rozema, flashes back and forth between various events and dates ranging from Little Edie as a young débutante in 1936 moving with her mother to their Grey Gardens estate through the filming and premiere of the actual 1975 documentary "Grey Gardens".
Lois Erdmann Wright is an American artist, author, and local television personality.
 She is best known for her appearance in the 1975 independent documentary film "Grey Gardens" by Albert and David Maysles.
 She is the author of the memoir "My Life at Grey Gardens: 13 Months and Beyond".
 She currently hosts "The Lois Wright Show" for LTV Public Access in East Hampton.
 As an artist, she has exhibited at Guild Hall in East Hampton and at the National Arts Club in New York.
 Her art focuses mainly on Edith Bouvier Beale and Edith Ewing Bouvier Beale of Grey Gardens.
Grey Gardens is a musical with book by Doug Wright, music by Scott Frankel, and lyrics by Michael Korie, based on the 1975 documentary of the same title about the lives of Edith Ewing Bouvier Beale ("Big Edie") and her daughter Edith Bouvier Beale ("Little Edie") by Albert and David Maysles.
 The Beales were Jacqueline Kennedy's aunt and cousin, respectively.
 Set at Grey Gardens, the Bouviers' mansion in East Hampton, New York, the musical tracks the progression of the two women's lives from their original status as rich and socially polished aristocrats to their eventual largely isolated existence in a home overrun by cats and cited for repeated health code violations.
 However, its more central purpose is to untangle the complicated dynamics of their dysfunctional mother/daughter relationship.
