Animalympics was the soundtrack from the animated film of the same name, Animalympics, released in 1980.
 The soundtrack has had a very limited release, only available on LP and cassette.
 It is not available yet on CD.
 The US edition was released on A&M Records, while the UK and European editions were released on Mercury Records.
A Pocket Full of Rye is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 9 November 1953, and in the US by Dodd, Mead & co. the following year.
 The UK edition retailed at ten shillings and sixpence (10/6) and the US edition at $2.75.
 The book features her detective Miss Marple.
 Like several of Christie's novels (e.g., "Hickory Dickory Dock" and "One, Two, Buckle My Shoe") the title and substantial parts of the plot reference a nursery rhyme, in this case "Sing a Song of Sixpence".
Espresso Logic is the thirteenth studio album by Chris Rea, released in 1993.
 The US edition of the album has a significantly different track listing to other editions, as it also features two songs ("God's Great Banana Skin" and "Miles Is A Cigarette") from Rea's previous album, "God's Great Banana Skin" (not released in the US), along with "If You Were Me", a track recorded with Elton John for his 1993 "Duets" release.
 The cover art of the US edition is the same as the UK single "Espresso Logic".
 The song "Julia" was dedicated to his daughter Julia Christina, who was 4 years old at the time of the release of the album.
Hide from the Sun is the sixth studio album by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus.
 It was originally released in mainland Europe, the United Kingdom, Scandinavia and Japan on 12 September 2005.
 It was later released in the United States on 10 October 2006, and featured a selection of B-side remixes and special edition bonus tracks.
 The US edition also included the previously unseen video for "Immortal".
 The name "Hide from the Sun" is a quotation from the song "Dead Promises".
 The album cover was painted by guitarist Pauli Rantasalmi.
Nonviolent Soldier of Islam is a biography of Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan (1890-1988), an ally of Gandhi's in the Indian independence movement.
 Originally written by Eknath Easwaran in English, foreign editions have also been published in Arabic and several other languages.
 The book was originally published in the United States in 1984 as A Man to Match His Mountains: Badshah Khan, nonviolent soldier of Islam.
 A second edition was published in 1999 with the title Nonviolent soldier of Islam: Badshah Khan, a man to match his mountains.
 Both editions include an afterword by Timothy Flinders.
 The 1999 US edition contains a new foreword by Easwaran, and an enlarged section of photographs of Khan.
 The book has been reviewed in magazines, newspapers, and professional journals.
 The book inspired the making of the 2008 film "The Frontier Gandhi: Badshah Khan, a Torch for Peace".
Sweatsuit is a compilation album by American rapper Nelly, released on November 22, 2005.
 The album consists of tracks from his 2004 simultaneous album releases, "Sweat" and "Suit".
 The US edition of the compilation also includes four extra tracks, including "Fly Away" from the soundtrack of the 2005 film "The Longest Yard", the single "Grillz" featuring rappers Paul Wall and Ali & Gipp, The Notorious B.I.G. single "Nasty Girl" and "Tired" featuring Avery Storm.
"Sleeping Awake" (often mistitled as "Sleeping Away") is the lead single by P.O.D. from "".
 The film soundtrack was released on May 6, 2003 by Warner Bros.
 Records/Maverick Records with the single itself available May 26.
 The US edition only includes the title track while the UK/Australia edition, released June 3, includes the video and two more songs.
"No Matter What" is a song from the 1996 musical "Whistle Down the Wind" and popularised by Irish boyband Boyzone in 1998 when they recorded it to tie in with the show's first UK production.
 The recording was written and produced by Andrew Lloyd Webber, Jim Steinman, Nigel Wright with additional production by Franglen & Lupino.
 The song was also featured on the US edition of the soundtrack to the 1999 film "Notting Hill", and was released to American radio on 10 May 1999.
A Drink and a Quick Decision is the second album from British duo Grand National.
 The album was first released as a digital download on 18 June 2007, then released on CD and 12" vinyl 11 September 2007 in the US, and 8 March 2008 in the UK.
 The US edition of the album comes with the bonus track "Old Man," a Neil Young cover, a music video by Steven Compton for "Old Man" consisting mostly of the band recording the song, and an enhanced video of "By the Time I Get Home There Won't Be Much of a Place for Me."
 Meanwhile, the UK CD, Japanese CD, and vinyl pressings of the album come with the song "Pieces Pieces," and the UK version does not include "Old Man."
This Little Empire is the second studio album by New Zealand rock band Zed.
 It was produced by Sylvia Massy Shivy and Zed at Radiostar Studios in Weed, California, and engineered by Rich Veltrop and assisted by Josh Kiser.
 Unlike the band's debut 2000 release, "Silencer", "This Little Empire" was predominately produced for the American market, with a US edition and a New Zealand edition released.
 The track listing for the US edition contains tracks taken from their debut album.
 The album was released to the New Zealand market on November 11, 2003; and released internationally on August 23, 2004, via Interscope Records.
