Demons are a punk rock/garage punk band from Sweden.
 The band includes quotation marks in their name to differentiate themselves from other bands with a similar name.
 Their music has been described as "punk 'n' roll", but the band claims it should only be described as high-energy rock.
 Their musical style relies heavily on the energy derived from punk rock.
 Influences include 1960s garage rock bands such as The Sonics, The Standells and Shadows of Knight, The Velvet Underground, The Stooges and New York Dolls; and punk rock bands such as The Damned, The Heartbreakers and The Saints; and early hardcore punk bands such as Black Flag, Bad Brains and Dead Kennedys.
 "Demons" has often been compared to contemporary groups like New Bomb Turks, The Hellacopters and Electric Frankenstein.
Japanese rock (Japanese: 日本のロック , Hepburn: Nihon no Rokku ) , sometimes abbreviated to , is rock music from Japan.
 Influenced by American and British rock of the 1960s, the first rock bands in Japan performed what is called Group Sounds, with lyrics almost exclusively in English.
 Folk rock band Happy End in the early 1970s are credited as the first to sing rock music in the Japanese language.
 Punk rock band the Blue Hearts and heavy metal group X Japan, led Japanese rock bands in the late 1980s and early 1990s by achieving major mainstream success.
 Japanese rock music has become a cult worldwide, being widely known in Asia and has survived through decades competing with its contemporary derivative local style J-pop.
G.a.s. Drummers was a melodic hardcore band formed in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain at the end of 1997 by three teenagers who stood out from their other students due to their colourful hair dies and their taste in the california punk rock bands such as Bad Religion, Operation Ivy, NOFX, Lagwagon, The Descendents etc.
 Original members from other small local bands Dani Llamas (guitar and vocals), Pakomoto (Bass and vocals) and Rafa Camison (Drums) started playing together and composing their own music and after one year of sending demos around the country they got put as the opening act for Swedish Punk Rock band Randy on their Spanish tour.
 A tour that took the band through the whole country helping a lot of Spanish kids discover that there were actually Spanish bands capable of sounding as good as some of their favorite American bands.
 This lead immediately the band to sign to a young record label called Slide Chorus Records a young emerging record label from Madrid which would start releasing albums for other Spanish Punk Rock bands.
 This first release titled Proud To Be Nothing hit the streets at the end of 1999 and was presented on their first European tour which covered Spain, Great Britain, France and the Netherlands amongst Spanish punk rock legend[P.P.M.
Haitian rock, or rock kreyòl, started as rock n roll in Haiti in the early 1960s.
 It was played by rock bands called "yeye" bands.
 The name "yeye" derives from the Beatles lyrical verse, "yeah, yeah, yeah", which took off in the United States and was listened to by upper class Haitian families who had access to the radio.
 Young Haitians formed small electric guitar-based bands.
 These "yeye" rock bands were short-lived, as the addition of "compas" to their repertoires resulted in a sound was called mini-jazz, or "mini-djaz" in creole.
You Belong is an EP released by American rock band, After Midnight Project.
 Its released on April 1, 2011.
Skate punk (also known as skate rock, skatecore and skate-thrash) is a skater subculture and a subgenre of punk rock music.
 Originally a genre of hardcore punk, skate punk changed into a more melodic genre of punk rock in the 1990s.
 The term usually describes the sound of 1990s punk rock bands that have a fast, melodic sound, and similar 21st-century punk rock bands.
 Skate videos have traditionally featured this fast style of punk rock.
 This played a big part in the coining of the term "skate punk".
After Midnight Project (commonly abbreviated "AMP") is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California.
 As of 2012, they are on hiatus, with a one night reunion show planned for 2014.
Susumu Hirasawa (平沢 進 ) (born April 1, 1954) is a Japanese musician and composer.
 In the fifth year of elementary school, Hirasawa took up the electric guitar, inspired by the surf and instrumental rock bands he heard on the radio and on TV, later joining his junior high school's band.
 In 1973 he formed Mandrake, a progressive rock band that incorporated elements from heavy metal and krautrock.
 Being one of the few Japanese progressive rock bands of its time, Mandrake achieved little success and released no albums during its lifetime.
 After discovering punk rock and working on synthesizer-heavy projects, Hirasawa felt that progressive rock became just for entertainment and decided to reform the band as the electronic rock band P-Model in 1979.
 Originally met with success, they turned to decidedly uncommercial post-punk and experimental rock after Hirasawa went through an averse reaction to his fame.
 With Hirasawa at the forefront, the band went through various lineups and achieved some popularity in the Japanese independent music scene.
The Becoming is an EP released by American rock band, After Midnight Project.
 It was released in 2007.
Let's Build Something to Break is the debut full-length album by American rock band, After Midnight Project.
 It was released on August 11, 2009 through Universal Motown.
 The album was produced by renowned producer and Goldfinger frontman, John Feldmann.
