Sheriff Andrew "Andy" Jackson Taylor and in earlier episodes as Cousin Andy by Barney Fife is the major character on "The Andy Griffith Show", an American sitcom which aired on CBS, (1960–1968).
 He also appears in the "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." episode "Opie Joins the Marines", made a cameo appearance in the USMC episode "Gomer Goes Home," five episodes of "Mayberry R.F.D." (1968–1971) and the reunion telemovie "Return to Mayberry" (1986).
 The character made his initial appearance in an episode of "The Danny Thomas Show" entitled "Danny Meets Andy Griffith."
 In the CBS special "The Andy Griffith - Don Knotts - Jim Nabors Show" (1965), Andy and Barney are featured in a musical sketch about their friendship and recreate some classic moments between the characters.
 Andy Griffith, as Sheriff Taylor, also has a brief comedy cameo in "Rowan and Martin at the Movies" (1969), a PSA short subject promoting the purchase of U.S. Savings Bonds.
 Andy Taylor appeared in all 249 episodes of "The Andy Griffith Show" and was played by comedian and actor Andy Griffith.
The Dayton Demonz were a professional ice hockey team based in Dayton, Ohio, in the Federal Hockey League.
 After the Dayton Gems of the Central Hockey League ceased operations, the Demonz were created as an expansion team in the FHL.
 The team played their home games at the Hara Arena in nearby Trotwood.
 The team was originally known as the Dayton Devils before changing names prior to their inaugural season.
Chhoti , (English: "Small") was a 2014 Pakistani soap drama serial directed by Rukhsana Nigar aired on Geo TV from Friday to Sunday nights at 7:30 P.M. First episode was aired on 2 May 2014.
 Serial is written by Faizan Ali and produced by A & B Production.
 Serial stars child star Sara Kashif, Sanam Chodhary, Asma Abbas, Mazhar Ali and Yasra Rizvi.The Show Take 10 years leap and all the characters become aged.
 The Chhoti grows up and then her role is played by Sania Shamshad.The story is about difficulties comes in chhoti life.
 The show also tell about social problems and devils in our society and how middle class and poor people face them.
Shamata Anchan is a model and Indian television actress.
 She is from Mangalore, Karnataka.
 She is the winner of Pantaloons Femina Miss India South 2012 pageant.
 She was also one of the finalists of Pantaloons Femina Miss India 2012.
 Shamata Anchan debuted on television with the show Everest (Indian TV series) produced by filmmaker Ashutosh Gowarikar.
 She played the role of Anjali Singh Rawat, the main lead in the show along with Rohan Gandotra and Sahil Salathia.
 The show aired on Star Plus channel.
 Shamata has done an extended cameo in the upcoming Hollywood movie "Heartbeats".
 She is the female lead of serial Bin Kuch Kahe which currently airs on Zee Tv at 6:30pm.
 She has done many advertisements for famous brands and has done modelling and print campaigns for many fashion designers.
 She was also a part of Chal Kar Pehel, an initiative launched by Star Plus.
 Shamata is making her bollywood debut with upcoming movie Th Field in 2017.
'Beyond Vaudeville' was a New York City public-access television show that ran from 1986 to 1996.
 The talk/variety show featured amateur talents and nostalgia-inducing celebrities housed within the confines of a crowded, Manhattan-based public access television station.
 Awkward host Frank Hope and his violence-prone sidekick David Greene created strange and uncomfortably compelling television.
 Frank was a fidgety collector-type who enjoyed Wacky Packages and Star Trek; David a silent behemoth who only spoke out of anger.
 Celebrity guests, including the likes of Tiny Tim (musician), Fred Willard, and Bobby “Boris” Pickett (“Monster Mash”), shared the stage with amateur singers, dancers, and Klingons, their surprised and befuddled reactions to the talent often mirroring those of the viewers.
 In 1997, MTV brought the show to cable under the title Oddville, MTV, a fundamentally similar program that featured celebrity guests and bands that were meant to appeal to the youth of today rather than yesterday.
Tahj Dayton Mowry ( ; born May 17, 1986) is an American actor, voice actor, singer and dancer.
 Mowry is the brother of identical twins Tia Mowry and Tamera Mowry.
 He is known for his show "Smart Guy" as the main character TJ on The WB, though the show gained later notoriety on the Disney Channel.
 Mowry was later cast as a ten year old super genius Wade Load on Kim Possible as a nod to this role.
 He is also known for his role on "Full House" playing Michelle's best friend, Teddy.
 Tahj also played Tucker Dobbs on Freeform's hit comedy TV show Baby Daddy.
A cameo role or cameo appearance ( ; often shortened to just cameo) is a brief appearance or voice part of a known person in a work of the performing arts, typically unnamed or appearing as themselves.
 These roles are generally small, many of them non-speaking ones, and are commonly either appearances in a work in which they hold some special significance (such as actors from an original movie appearing in its remake) or renowned people making uncredited appearances.
 Short appearances by celebrities, film directors, politicians, athletes or musicians are common.
 A crew member of the movie or show playing a minor role can be referred to as a cameo as well, such as Alfred Hitchcock's frequently performed cameos.
Dayton's Devils is a 1968 crime film starring Rory Calhoun, Leslie Nielsen and Lainie Kazan.
 It was Rigg Kennedy's first film. "
M*A*S*H" star Mike Farrell made a cameo appearance.
Trapper John, M.D. is an American medical drama television series and spin-off of the film "MASH" (1970).
 Pernell Roberts portrayed the title character, a lovable surgeon who became a mentor and father figure in San Francisco, California.
 The show ran on CBS from September 23, 1979 to September 4, 1986.
 Roberts played the character more than twice as long as had Wayne Rogers (1972–75) on the TV series "M*A*S*H".
The following is a list of cast members who have portrayed characters appearing in the "X-Men" film series, based upon the comic books of the same name.
 Hugh Jackman appeared in the first seven films: he played James "Logan" Howlett / Wolverine in the original trilogy ("X-Men", "X2 - X-Men United", and "") and reprised his role in the prequel films "" and "", the latter in a cameo appearance.
 He again starred in "The Wolverine" and "".
 He appeared in photographic form in "Deadpool" and reprised his role as Wolverine in "" and one last stand-alone "Wolverine" film.
 Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen, Famke Janssen, Halle Berry, Anna Paquin, James Marsden and Shawn Ashmore have also appeared in the original trilogy and "Days of Future Past", with Stewart also making a cameo appearance in "Origins: Wolverine" and "The Wolverine", and Janssen and McKellen in "The Wolverine".
 Rebecca Romijn also appeared in the original trilogy and made a cameo appearance in "First Class".
