The Walt Disney World Dolphin is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney's Hollywood Studios in the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, next to Disney's BoardWalk Resort area.
 It opened on June 1, 1990 and is joined to its sister hotel, the Walt Disney World Swan (also designed by Graves) by a palm-tree lined covered walkway crossing a lagoon.
 The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company, Tishman Hotel Corporation, MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts.
 The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company, while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife but operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Sheraton Hotels brand.
 The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts; because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only.
The Muppets at Walt Disney World is a television special starring Jim Henson's Muppets at Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.
 The special aired on NBC as part of "The Magical World of Disney" on May 6, 1990, and turned out to be the last Muppets special that Henson would work on (he would die 10 days following its airing, on May 16).
In the history of The Walt Disney Company, the Disney Renaissance refers to the era from 1989 to 1999 during which Walt Disney Feature Animation (renamed Walt Disney Animation Studios in 2006) experienced a creative resurgence in producing successful animated films based on well-known stories, which restored public and critical interest in The Walt Disney Company as a whole.
 During this era, the studio produced and released ten animated films: "The Little Mermaid" (1989), "The Rescuers Down Under" (1990), "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), "The Lion King" (1994), "Pocahontas" (1995), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), "Hercules" (1997), "Mulan" (1998) and "Tarzan" (1999).
William Paul "Bill" Barretta (born June 19, 1964) is an American puppeteer and producer who has been performing with The Muppets since 1991, when he puppeteered the body of Sinclair family patriarch, Earl Sinclair on "Dinosaurs".
 He later developed several new characters on "Muppets Tonight", including Pepe the King Prawn, Johnny Fiama, Big Mean Carl and Bobo the Bear.
 Along with having his own Muppet characters, Barretta has taken over several of Jim Henson's roles, such as Dr. Teeth, Rowlf the Dog, Mahna Mahna and Swedish Chef, and briefly took over Jerry Nelson's role of Lew Zealand.
 His film debut as a principal puppeteer was in 1996's "Muppet Treasure Island" as Clueless Morgan.
 In addition, Barretta has produced two of the Muppets' television films, "It's a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie" (2002) and "The Muppets' Wizard of Oz" (2005).
 Barretta also provides additional voices on "Kim Possible".
 His most recent film performance was in Disney's "Muppets Most Wanted", where he also served as a co-producer.
 Barretta also served as an executive producer on the ABC series, "The Muppets".
Walt Disney Pictures, Inc. is an American film production company and a subsidiary of Walt Disney Studios, owned by The Walt Disney Company.
 The division is based at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California, and is the main producer of live-action feature films within the Walt Disney Studios unit.
 It took on its current name in 1983.
 Today, in conjunction with the other units of Walt Disney Studios, Walt Disney Pictures is classified as one of Hollywood's "Big Six" film studios.
 Films produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and Pixar Animation Studios are also released under this brand.
The Muppets: An Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is a soundtrack album released by Walt Disney Records on November 22, 2011 for the musical comedy film "The Muppets".
 The soundtrack features five original songs, four re-recordings and remasterings of popular Muppet songs ("The Muppet Show Theme", "Rainbow Connection", and "Mah Nà Mah Nà"), two cover versions of existing songs (Cee Lo Green's "Forget You" and Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit"), two standalone songs (Paul Simon's "Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard" and Starship's "We Built This City"), and fifteen dialogue tracks.
 It also features the song "Man or Muppet", which won the Academy Award for Best Original Song.
 The soundtrack was also nominated for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media at the 55th Grammy Awards.
The Muppets Studio, LLC, formerly The Muppets Holding Company, LLC, is a wholly owned entertainment subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media Labs, formed in 2004 through The Walt Disney Company's acquisition of The Muppets and "Bear in the Big Blue House" intellectual properties from The Jim Henson Company.
The Rescuers Down Under is a 1990 American animated comedy-drama adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on November 16, 1990.
 The 29th Disney animated feature film, the film is the sequel to the 1977 animated film "The Rescuers", which was based on the novels of Margery Sharp.
 Set in the Australian Outback, the film centers on Bernard and Bianca traveling to Australia to save a boy named Cody from a villainous poacher in pursuit of an endangered bird of prey.
Muppets Most Wanted: An Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is a soundtrack album released by Walt Disney Records on March 18, 2014 for the musical comedy film "Muppets Most Wanted".
 The soundtrack features six original songs, two re-recordings of popular Muppet songs ("The Muppet Show Theme" and "Together Again"), three cover versions of existing songs (Allen Toussaint's "Working in the Coal Mine", Maroon 5's "Moves Like Jagger", and Los del Río's "Macarena (Bayside Boys Mix)"), an orchestral suite by Christophe Beck, five demos by Bret McKenzie, and eight dialogue tracks.
Eva Gabor ( ; February 11, 1919 – July 4, 1995) was a Hungarian-born American actress, comedian, singer and socialite.
 She was widely known for her role on the 1965–71 television sitcom "Green Acres" as Lisa Douglas, the wife of Eddie Albert's character, Oliver Wendell Douglas.
 She voiced "Duchess" in the 1970 Disney film "The Aristocats", and Miss Bianca in Disney’s "The Rescuers" and "The Rescuers Down Under".
 Gabor was successful as an actress in film, on Broadway and on television.
 She was also a successful businessperson, marketing wigs, clothing and beauty products.
 Her elder sisters, Zsa Zsa and Magda Gabor, were also actresses and socialites.
