The Truants is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Joan Morgan, George Bellamy and Lewis Gilbert.
 It is an adaptation of the 1904 novel "The Truants" by A.E.W. Mason.
 It was made by Britain's largest film company of the era Stoll Pictures, The film's sets were designed by art director Walter Murton.
Fascination is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring his then wife Mae Murray.
 The film is based on an original story by Edmund Goulding, soon to be a prolific film director.
Leslie Howard Gordon was a British screenwriter and actor of the silent and early sound film eras.
 He also directed three films in the 1930s including "The Double Event" (1934).
 He worked as a screenwriter for Stoll Pictures in the early 1920s, when the company was the largest studio in the country.
 He often worked with the director Sinclair Hill.
The Cardinal is a 1936 British historical drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Matheson Lang, Eric Portman and Robert Atkins.
 The film depicts a power battle in Rome in 1570 between Giuliano de' Medici and one of his rivals.
Circe, the Enchantress was a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard.
 The film starred Leonard's then-wife Mae Murray.
 This was their last collaboration, and they divorced soon after.
 The film is now considered lost.
The Indian Love Lyrics is a 1923 British silent romantic drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Catherine Calvert, Owen Nares and Malvina Longfellow.
 It is based on the poem "The Garden of Kama" by Laurence Hope.
 The film's sets were designed by art director Walter Murton.
Sinclair Hill (1894–1945) was a British film director, producer and screenwriter.
 He directed nearly fifty films between 1920 and 1939.
 He was born as George Sinclair-Hill in London in 1894.
 He was awarded an O.B.E for his services to film.
Her Twelve Men is a 1954 comedy drama film made by MGM.
 It stars Greer Garson, and was directed by Robert Z. Leonard, and written by William Roberts and Laura Z. Hobson.
 It was based on a story by Louise Baker.
Broadway Rose is a 1922 American silent romantic drama film released by Metro Pictures and directed by Robert Z. Leonard.
 It stars Leonard's then-wife Mae Murray and Monte Blue.
 The film is based on an original story by Edmund Goulding written for star Murray, and was produced by Leonard's and Murray's production company Tiffany Pictures.
When Ladies Meet is a 1941 American romantic comedy film by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer starring Joan Crawford, Robert Taylor, Greer Garson, Herbert Marshall, and Spring Byington in a story about a novelist in love with her publisher.
 The screenplay by S.K. Lauren and Anita Loos was based upon a 1932 play by Rachel Crothers.
 The film was directed by Robert Z. Leonard, who also co-produced the film (with Orville O. Dull).
 The film was a remake of the 1933 pre-Code film of the same name, which starred Ann Harding, Myrna Loy, Robert Montgomery, and Frank Morgan in the roles played by Garson, Crawford, Taylor and Marshall.
