The Ariel Award for Best Supporting Actor (Spanish: Premio Ariel a Mejor Coactuación Masculina) is an award presented by the Academia Mexicana de Artes y Ciencias Cinematográficas (AMACC) in Mexico.
 It is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the Mexican film industry.
 In 1947, the 1st and 2nd Ariel Awards were held, with José Baviera and Fernando Soto winning for the films "La Barraca" and "Campeón Sin Corona", respectively.
 With the exception of the years 1958 to 1971, when the Ariel Awards were suspended, the award has been given annually.
 Nominees and winners are determined by a committee formed every year consisting of academy members (active and honorary), previous winners and individuals with at least two Ariel nominations; the committee submit their votes through the official AMACC website.
Dreams of Glory (Spanish: Sueños de gloria) is a 1953 Mexican drama film directed by Zacarías Gómez Urquiza and starring Miroslava, Luis Aguilar and José Baviera.
John Cohen (born August 2, 1932, in Queens, New York) is a founding member of the New Lost City Ramblers as well as a musicologist, photographer and filmmaker.
 Some of his best known images document the Abstract Expressionist scene centered on New York's Cedar Bar; gallery happenings by early performance artists; young Bob Dylan's arrival in New York; Beat Generation writers during the filming of Robert Frank and Alfred Leslie's film "Pull My Daisy"; and the "old time" musicians of Appalachia.
 (The title of Cohen's 1962 film, "High Lonesome Sound", has become synonymous with that music.)
 He has been one of the most important "discoverers" of traditional musicians and singers, finding and recording Dillard Chandler, Roscoe Holcomb, and many banjo players, most notably on the album "High Atmosphere".
Desired (Spanish: Deseada) is a 1951 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón and starring Dolores del Rio, Jorge Mistral and José Baviera.
The Magician (Spanish:El Mago) is a 1949 Mexican comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado and starring Cantinflas, Leonora Amar and José Baviera.
 The film's sets were designed by the art director Gunther Gerszo.
 A lookalike is hired from an agency to take the place of a magician while he goes on holiday.
Franklin Lacey (1917–1988) was an American playwright and screenwriter.
 He is best known for co-authoring the story for "The Music Man" (1957), together with collaborator Meredith Willson, and later collaborating on the screenplay with Marion Hargrove for the 1962 film version.
 One of his first major works was the play "Pagan in the Parlor" in 1949; it was directed for the stage by "Frankenstein" director James Whale.
 He also wrote the screenplay for the film "Rain for a Dusty Summer" (1971), which starred Ernest Borgnine.
 He worked closely with the author Aldous Huxley on a musical version of his novel "Brave New World", but the project was eventually shelved.
When You Come Back To Me (Spanish: Cuando vuelvas a mí) is a 1953 drama film directed by José Baviera.
 It was a co-production between Mexico and Guatemala.
José Baviera (17 August 1906 – 13 August 1981) was a Spanish film actor.
 He appeared in more than 190 films and television shows between 1924 and 1979.
 He starred in Luis Buñuel's 1962 film "The Exterminating Angel".
Robert Preston Meservey (June 8, 1918 – March 21, 1987) was an American stage and film actor best remembered for originating the role of Professor Harold Hill in the 1957 musical "The Music Man" and the 1962 film adaptation; the film earned him his first of two Golden Globe Award nominations.
 Preston collaborated twice with filmmaker Blake Edwards, first in "S.O.B." (1981) and again in "Victor/Victoria" (1982).
 For portraying Carroll "Toddy" Todd in the latter, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor at the 55th Academy Awards.
Caribbean (Spanish: Caribeña) is a 1953 drama film directed by José Baviera.
 It was a co-production between Mexico and Guatemala.
