Richard Mohr (June 13, 1919 in Springfield, Ohio – November 23, 2002 in West Milford, New Jersey) was one of RCA Victor’s most prominent producers of classical and operatic music recordings from 1943 through 1977.
 His producing credits included recording the casts of the world premieres of Samuel Barber's "Vanessa" and Gian Carlo Menotti's "Amahl and the Night Visitors," as well as the first LP recordings of "Ernani," "Luisa Miller" and "Lucrezia Borgia" and three versions each of "Rigoletto," "Aida," "La Traviata" and "Il Trovatore."
Barbara Frittoli (born 19 April 1967) is an Italian operatic soprano who has sung leading roles in opera houses throughout Europe and in the United States.
 She was born in Milan and graduated from the Milan Conservatory.
 She made her Metropolitan Opera debut in 1995 as Micaela in "Carmen" and has gone on to sing in over 80 performances there including Donna Elvira in "Don Giovanni", Fiordiligi in "Così fan tutte", Angelica in "Suor Angelica", Desdemona in "Otello", the title role in "Luisa Miller", Amelia in "Simon Boccanegra", Vitellia in "La clemenza di Tito" and Alicia Ford in "Falstaff".
Margherita Roberti (b. 1925) is an American operatic soprano who had an active international career that spanned from 1948 to 1988.
 Although she performed throughout the world, Roberti achieved her greatest success and popularity in Italy.
 A dramatic soprano, Roberti drew particular acclaim for her portrayals of Verdi heroines.
 Among her signature roles are Amelia in "Un ballo in maschera", Elisabetta in "Don Carlos", Elena in "I vespri siciliani", Odabella in "Attila", and the title role in "Luisa Miller".
 In 1970 she was awarded Order of knight by the Italian government president Giuseppe Sargat
Luisa Miller is an opera in three acts by Giuseppe Verdi to an Italian libretto by Salvadore Cammarano, based on the play "Kabale und Liebe" ("Intrigue and Love") by the German dramatist Friedrich von Schiller.
Loretta Di Franco is an American operatic soprano who is chiefly known for her more than 900 performances at the Metropolitan Opera from 1961-1995.
 Originally a member of the Met's opera chorus, she eventually was promoted to singing small comprimario roles beginning with one of the pages in Wagner's "Tannhäuser" and the peasant girl in "The Marriage of Figaro" in 1961.
 She went on to win the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions in 1965 which led to her first substantial role, Chloe in "The Queen of Spades".
 She continued to appear annually at the Met for the next 30 years, performing both leading and supporting roles.
 Some of the parts she performed at the Met included Annina in "La traviata", both the Aunt and Barena in Janáček's "Jenůfa", Barbarina and Marcellina in "The Marriage of Figaro", Berta in "The Barber of Seville", Countess Ceprano in "Rigoletto", the Dew Fairy and the Sandman in "Hansel and Gretel", Feklusa in "Káťa Kabanová", the First Lady in "The Magic Flute", the Flower Seller in Britten's "Death in Venice", Frasquita in "Carmen", Gerhilde in "Die Walküre", Giannetta in "L'elisir d'amore", Helen in "Mourning Becomes Electra", Ines in "Il trovatore", Jouvenot in "Adriana Lecouvreur", Kate Pinkerton in "Madama Butterfly", Laura in "Luisa Miller", Lauretta in "Gianni Schichi", Lisa in "La sonnambula", Marianne in "Der Rosenkavalier", Marthe in "Faust", Musetta in "La bohème", Oscar in "Un ballo in maschera", Samaritana in "Francesca da Rimini", Woglinde in both "Das Rheingold" and "Götterdämmerung", Xenia in "Boris Godunov", Zerlina in "Don Giovanni", and title role in "Lucia di Lammermoor".
 In 1991 she created the role of the Woman with Child in the world premiere of John Corigliano's "The Ghosts of Versailles".
Titon et l'Aurore (English: "Tithonus and Aurora") is an opera in three acts and a prologue by the French composer Jean-Joseph de Mondonville which was first performed at the Académie royale de musique, Paris on 9 January 1753.
 The authorship of the libretto has been subject to debate; Mondonville's contemporaries ascribed the prologue to Antoine Houdar de la Motte and the three acts of the opera to the Abbé de La Marre.
 "Titon et l'Aurore" belongs to the genre known as the "pastorale héroïque".
 The work played an important role in the so-called Querelle des Bouffons, a dispute over the relative merits of the French and Italian operatic traditions which dominated the intellectual life of Paris in the early 1750s.
 The tremendous success of Mondonville's opera at its premiere was an important victory for the French camp (although their Italian rivals claimed that this was because they had been excluded from their seats by members of the army).
 "Titon" was one of Mondonville's most popular works and went on to enjoy several revivals during his lifetime.
The Singing Lesson is a chamber opera in three acts with music and libretto by Matthew Davidson.
 Based on three short stories ("The Garden Party", "The Singing Lesson", and "The Doll’s House") by New Zealand author Katherine Mansfield, the opera is very unusual in several respects.
 For instance, the three acts are not connected by a conventional plot, but instead by literary themes.
 Those themes are class conflict (Acts 1 and 3) and a marriage of convenience (Act 2).
 However, the overall literary theme for all three acts is delusion.
The Great Escape was a music festival held at Newington Armory, located within Sydney Olympic Park that took place in 2006 and 2007.
 Initially held over the Easter long weekend for the first two events, in 2008 it was announced the festival would take place on the Labour Day weekend, however the event was cancelled 2 months from the date due to poor ticket sales .
 It evolved from the 2005 Cockatoo Island Music Festival.
 The music and other attractions run over three full days (Good Friday to Easter Sunday in 2006–07), with some patrons camping from Thursday evening to Monday morning.
 Punters could attend either for the full weekend camping, purchase a 3-day pass and commute each day or attend a single day.
 Many acts also played the East Coast Blues & Roots Music Festival the same weekend, however The Great Escape line-up is more diverse featuring pop, hip hop, electronic and rock acts that would not fit into a Blues and Roots line-up.
 In addition to musical acts, there is also a wide range of other features such as comedy acts, bingo and trivia, conspiracy theory talks and yoga.
 There is no immediate future for the Great Escape at this point, but organisers are confident it will be resurrected in the near future.
Romolo ed Ersilia is an opera in three acts composed by Johann Adolph Hasse to an Italian-language libretto by Pietro Metastasio.
 The opera was commissioned by Empress Maria Theresa to celebrate the marriage of her son Leopold to Maria Luisa of Spain.
 The opera was first performed on 6 August 1765, the day after their wedding, in the court theatre of the Imperial Palace in Innsbruck.
 The opera received its first performance in modern times in 2011 during the Innsbruck Festival of Early Music.
Achille De Bassini (5 May 1819 – 3 July 1881) was an Italian baritone, particularly noted for his performances in Verdi's operas.
 He created the roles of Francesco Foscari in "I due Foscari" (1844), Pasha Seid in "Il corsaro" (1848), Miller in "Luisa Miller" (1849) and Fra Melitone in "La forza del destino' (1862).
