Chinese ritual mastery traditions, also referred to as ritual teachings (, sometimes rendered as "Faism"), or Folk Taoism (), or also Red Taoism (mostly in east China and Taiwan), constitute a large group of Chinese orders of ritual officers who operate within the Chinese folk religion but outside the institutions of official Taoism.
 The "masters of rites", the "fashi" (法師), are also known in east China as "hongtou daoshi" (紅頭道士), meaning "redhead" or "redhat" "daoshi" ("masters of the Tao"), contrasting with the "wutou daoshi" (烏頭道士), "blackhead" or "blackhat" priests, of Zhengyi Taoism who were historically ordained by the Celestial Master.
An elaborately decorated "ritual wine server" in the "guang" shape (; pinyin: gōng; Wade–Giles: kung) is a Chinese ritual bronze wine vessel, accession number 60.43, in the permanent Asian collection at the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
 It dates to about 1100 BCE in the Shang dynasty period.
 The piece is currently on display in the Arthur R. & Frances D. Baxter Gallery of the museum.
A dui is a type of Chinese ritual bronze vessel used in the late Zhou dynasty and the Warring States period of ancient China.
 It was a food container used as a ritual vessel.
 Most Dui consist of two bowls supported on three legs.
A gui is a type of bowl-shaped ancient Chinese ritual bronze vessel used to hold offerings of food, probably mainly grain, for ancestral tombs.
 As with other shapes, the ritual bronzes followed early pottery versions for domestic use, and were recalled in later art in both metal, pottery, and sometimes stone.
 The shape changed somewhat over the centuries but constant characteristics are a circular form (seen from above), with a rounded, wide, profile or shape from the side, standing on a narrower rim or foot.
 There are usually two, or sometimes four, handles, and there may be a cover or a square base (or both).
A guang or gong is a particular shape used in Chinese art for vessels, originally made as Chinese ritual bronzes in the Shang dynasty (c. 1600 – c. 1046 BC), and sometimes later in Chinese porcelain.
 They are a type of ewer which was used for pouring rice wine at ritual banquets, and often deposited as grave goods in high-status burial.
 Examples of the shape may be described as ewers, ritual wine vessels, wine pourers and similar terms, though all of these terms are also used of a number of other shapes, especially the smaller tripod "jue" and the larger "zun".
A gu is type of ancient Chinese ritual bronze vessel from the Shang and Zhou dynasties (i.e. 1600–256 BC).
 It was used to drink wine or to offer ritual libations.
The Chinese Rites controversy was a dispute among Roman Catholic missionaries over the religiosity of Confucianism and Chinese rituals during the 17th and 18th centuries.
 The debate centered over whether Chinese ritual practices of honoring family ancestors and other formal Confucian and Chinese imperial rites qualified as religious rites and were thus incompatible with Catholic belief.
 The Jesuits argued that these Chinese rites were secular rituals that were compatible with Christianity, within certain limits, and should thus be tolerated.
 The Dominicans and Franciscans, however, disagreed and reported the issue to Rome.
Traditional Chinese marriage (), as opposed to marriage in modern China, is a ceremonial ritual within Chinese societies that involve a union between spouses, sometimes established by pre-arrangement between families.
 Within Chinese culture, romantic love and monogamy was the norm for most citizens.
 Wedding rituals and customs often varied by region because of China's extensive and rich history and because of the numerous different cultures and ethno-linguistic groups that have been subsumed into modern Chinese culture.
The fangxiangshi 方相氏 was a Chinese ritual exorcist, the meaning of whose name is obscure but has been translated as "one who sees in all (four) directions", "he who scrutinizes for evil in many directions", and "one who orients unwanted spirits in the direction to which they belong".
 Ancient Chinese texts record that he wore a bearskin with four golden eyes, and carried a lance and shield to expel malevolent spirits.
 His primary duties were orchestrating the seasonal Nuo ritual to chase out disease-causing demons from houses and buildings, and leading a funeral procession to exorcize corpse-eating "wangliang" spirits away from a burial chamber.
 From the Han dynasty through the Tang dynasty (3rd century BCE to 10th century CE), "fangxiangshi" were official "wu"-shaman specialists in the imperially sanctioned Chinese state religion; after the Tang, they were adapted into popular folk religion and symbolized by wearing a four-eyed mask.
Ding (鼎 ) were prehistoric and ancient Chinese cauldrons, standing upon legs with a lid and two facing handles.
 They are one of the most important shapes used in Chinese ritual bronzes.
 They were made in two shapes: round vessels with three legs and rectangular ones with four, the latter often called fanding.
 They were used for cooking, storage, and ritual offerings to the gods or to ancestors.
 The earliest recovered examples are pre-Shang ceramic ding at the Erlitou site but they are better known from the Bronze Age, particularly after the Zhou deemphasized the ritual use of wine practiced by the Shang kings.
 Under the Zhou, the ding and the privilege to perform the associated rituals became symbols of authority.
 The number of permitted ding varied according to one's rank in the Chinese nobility: the Nine Ding of the Zhou kings were a symbol of their rule over all China but were lost by the first emperor, Shi Huangdi in the late 3rd century .
 Subsequently, imperial authority was represented by the Heirloom Seal of the Realm, carved out of the He Shi Bi jade; it was lost at some point during the Five Dynasties after the collapse of the Tang.
