Erdem Helvacioglu (born May 22, 1975 in Bursa, Turkey) is an electronic musician from Turkey.
 He has collaborated with artists Mick Karn, Kevin Moore, John Wilson, Kazuya Ishigami, and Saadet Turkoz.
 In addition to his work as an electronic musician, Erdem also composes music for theatre, film and multimedia productions, and produces for popular and rock music bands in Turkey.
 He has received numerous international awards including prizes from the Luigi Russolo and Insulae Electronicae Electroacoustic Music Competitions.
Steven Zhu (born 1989), known professionally as Zhu ( or ), is a Chinese American electronic musician and singer who has been active since the beginning of 2014, signed to Mind of a Genius Records and Columbia Records.
 Until mid-2014, Zhu remained anonymous, asking to be judged by his music alone.
 His debut album, "Generationwhy", was released on 29 July 2016.
Maniac Meat is the second studio album by American electronic musician Tobacco.
 It was released on Anticon in 2010.
 The album includes two collaborations with musician Beck.
Ryan DeRobertis (born February 2, 1993, known by his stage name Skylar Spence and formerly known as Saint Pepsi) is an American electronic musician and singer who grew up in Farmingville, New York and attended Boston College for two years studying music.
 His electronic music project Saint Pepsi began in December 2012.
 As Saint Pepsi, he released his eighth studio album "Hit Vibes" in May 2013.
 He is a current resident of Brooklyn, New York.
Ramona Andra Xavier (born August 19, 1992, known by her primary alias Vektroid) is an American electronic musician from Portland, Oregon.
 She has released music under her primary Vektroid alias, as well as others, such as dstnt, Laserdisc Visions, New Dreams Ltd., Macintosh Plus, Virtual Information Desk, and PrismCorp Virtual Enterprises.
 Xavier played a prominent role in the popularization of the vaporwave subgenre with the release of her only studio album under her Macintosh Plus alias, "Floral Shoppe", in 2011.
 The album helped popularize the vaporwave genre throughout the Internet.
 Since then, she has continued to release music through Bandcamp and other online platforms, and has recently collaborated with rapper Siddiq on two albums, "Midnight Run" and "Palacio Del Rio" (both from 2016).
These Hopeful Machines is the Grammy-nominated sixth studio album by American electronic musician BT.
 Released on February 1, 2010, the album sees collaborations with the likes of JES, Rob Dickinson, Christian Burns and Kirsty Hawkshaw, also featuring a cover of "The Ghost in You" by The Psychedelic Furs.
 Because some tracks exceed 10 minutes in length, the album spans two discs with six tracks on each.
 In an effort to make the album more accessible to casual listeners, the record was eventually re-issued as a single-disc version with shorter tracks, titled "These Humble Machines".
 In addition, the album would later spawn a double disc remix edition titled "These Re-Imagined Machines", also featured as a "Limited Collector’s Edition Box Set".
 With great reception from the critics, the album was nominated for the 2011 Grammy Awards under Best Electronic/Dance Album.
Elysia Crampton Presents: Demon City is the second studio album by American electronic musician Elysia Crampton.
 It consists of a series of collaborations with fellow underground and queer electronic artists and has been described as an "epic poem" by its creator.
 It was released on July 22, 2016, on Break World Records.
Greg Davis is an American electronic musician who has recorded albums drawing from a wide variety of sources, including guitar, field recording, various world/ethnic/traditional instruments, percussion, and voice, all processed through digital manipulation.
 After years of experience in hip-hop groups, jazz combos, free improvisation, and experimental composition, Davis moved toward computer-based music in 1997.
 At Depaul University in Chicago, he studied classical and jazz guitar alongside composition and jazz studies.
 In 1997, he started his own label, Autumn Records, to release his own music and the music of others.
 Davis moved to Boston in 1999 to pursue a master's degree in composition (which he received in June 2001) while independently immersing himself in the study of electronic music.
 Since 2001, he has played shows all around the world and released records on a number of different labels.
 He has collaborated with Keith Fullerton Whitman, Ben Vida, Sebastien Roux, Chris Weisman, Steven Hess, Jeph Jerman, Akron/Family, Toby Aronson (as Harmonizer), and Zach Wallace (as Sun Circle).
Far Side Virtual is the thirtieth studio album by the American electronic musician James Ferraro, released on October 25, 2011 by the record label Hippos in Tanks.
 First conceived as a series of ringtones, the album marked Ferraro's transition from his previous lo-fi recording approach to a sharply produced, electronic aesthetic that deliberately evokes sources such as elevator music, corporate mood music, easy-listening, and outdated computer sound design.
 The album has been interpreted as engaging with themes such as hyperreality, disposable consumer culture, 1990s retro-futurism, advertising, and musical kitsch.
Cherushii (Chelsea Faith Dolan) (September 14, 1983 – December 2, 2016) was an American electronic music producer, DJ, live performer, and radio host based in San Francisco.
 Influenced by house music, Detroit techno, and disco, she released several recordings on the independent dance music label 100% Silk, including "Queen of Cups", "Far Away So Close", and "Memory of Water", reissued in 2017.
 KQED named Cherushii's album "Meow Wolf’s Arcade Soundtracks: Wiggy’s Plasma Plex" one of the 10 best bay area albums of 2016.
 While Cherushii has received little recognition from mainstream media, her music is of enormous influence in the underground music scene.
 Fellow electronic musician Maria Minerva has called Cherushii criminally underrated.
