Best of Luck Nikki is a Disney Channel India sitcom.
 The sitcom premiered on April 3, 2011.
 The series is an Indian adaptation of the American teen show "Good Luck Charlie".
 The plot is similar to the American version.
Saniya Anklesaria is a child actress, known for her role of "Max" in the popular Disney Channel India sitcom, "The Suite Life of Karan & Kabir" an Indian adaptation of the American show "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and "Guri Malhotra" a recurring character on the Disney hit series "Best of Luck Nikki" an Indian adaptation of the American show "Good Luck Charlie".
 She also appeared in mainstream bollywood movies like "Rowdy Rathore", "Raanjhanaa", "Life is Good".
Good Luck Charlie is an American sitcom that originally aired on Disney Channel from April 4, 2010, to February 16, 2014.
 The series' creators, Phil Baker and Drew Vaupen, wanted to create a program that would appeal to entire families, not just children.
 It focuses on the Duncan family of Denver as they adjust to the births of their fourth and fifth children, Charlotte "Charlie" (Mia Talerico) and Toby (Logan Moreau).
 In each episode, Teddy Duncan (Bridgit Mendler) adds to a video diary that contains advice for Charlie about their family and life as a teenager.
 Teddy tries to show Charlie what she might go through when she is older for future reference.
 Each video diary ends with Teddy (or another family member, even Charlie) saying the eponymous phrase, ""Good luck, Charlie"".
Genevieve Knight "G" Hannelius (born December 22, 1998) is an American actress and singer.
 She starred as Avery Jennings in the Disney Channel sitcom "Dog with a Blog".
 Prior to this, she had recurring roles in the Disney Channel series "Sonny with a Chance" and "Good Luck Charlie".
 She has also starred in "Leo Little's Big Show" and has done voice work as Rosebud in the "Air Buddies" films.
 She also guest starred in Disney Channel's series "Jessie".
"Good Luck Charlie" is an American sitcom that originally aired on Disney Channel from April 4, 2010 to February 16, 2014.
 The series revolves around Teddy Duncan (Bridgit Mendler), a teenage girl who makes video diaries for her little sister Charlie (Mia Talerico) about her family and life as a teenager.
 The video diaries are made to help Charlie when she grows up.
 The series also stars Jason Dolley as PJ; Bradley Steven Perry as Gabe; and Leigh-Allyn Baker and Eric Allan Kramer as Amy and Bob Duncan, the children's parents.
Cyrina Fiallo (born December 29, 1991) is an American actress.
 She is perhaps best known for her recurring role as Vonnie on the Disney Channel sitcom "Good Luck Charlie".
 She also has guest starred on "Everybody Hates Chris", "Community", "Gigantic", "Glee", "Switched at Birth", "Girl Meets World" and "Supernatural".
 She also starred in the internet television series "My Alibi" and "The Subpranos", the latter of which she co-wrote, co-directed and co-produced with fellow actress Chrissie Fit.
Bridgit Claire Mendler (born December 18, 1992) is an American actress, singer, and songwriter.
 In 2004, she began her career in the animated Indian film "The Legend of Buddha", later starring in the films "Alice Upside Down", "The Clique" and "Labor Pains" as a teenager.
 In 2009, Mendler signed with Disney Channel and played Juliet van Heusen on "Wizards of Waverly Place".
 Following the positive reception to her character, she landed the role of Teddy Duncan on the Disney series "Good Luck Charlie", which ran from April 2010 to February 2014.
 Mendler also notably starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Lemonade Mouth" in 2011.
Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas!
 (also known as Good Luck Charlie: The Road Trip Movie in the United Kingdom and Ireland) is a 2011 Christmas film based on the Disney Channel Original Series "Good Luck Charlie".
 The film was directed by Arlene Sanford and written by Geoff Rodkey, and stars Bridgit Mendler, Leigh-Allyn Baker, Bradley Steven Perry, Mia Talerico, Eric Allan Kramer, and Jason Dolley as the Duncan family.
 The Disney Channel Original Movie follows the Duncan family on their road trip to Amy Duncan's parents' house for Christmas.
 It premiered on December 2, 2011 on Disney Channel ten years after Disney Channel's last Christmas-themed original movie, "'Twas the Night" in 2001.
Christopher Vane is an American television producer and television writer.
 His credits include "Thundarr the Barbarian", "The Love Boat", "Wings", "Suddenly Susan", "All About the Andersons" and "The Bill Engvall Show".
 He was a co-executive producer and writer on "Good Luck Charlie" from 2010-2015.
 He was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for his work on "Good Luck Charlie" as a part of the producing team.
 He is the creator of "Impastor" comedy series, recently picked up for a second season by TV Land.
Laura Marie Marano (born November 29, 1995) is an American actress and singer.
 She starred in the Disney Channel series "Austin & Ally" as Ally Dawson.
 Marano was one of the five original classmates in "Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
".
 She starred in "Without a Trace" for three seasons and also "Back to You", in both instances playing the daughter of the main characters.
 Marano starred in the indie film "A Sort of Homecoming".
 Marano also starred in the 2015 Disney Channel Original Movie "Bad Hair Day" along with "Good Luck Charlie" actress Leigh-Allyn Baker.
 In 2015, she signed with Big Machine Records and released her debut single "Boombox" on March 11, 2016.
 At the end of 2016, Big Machine Records made the decision to drop all of their pop artists.
 Marano then signed to Warner Bros.
 Records in 2017 and plans to release her debut album with the label.
 She is also the younger sister of actress Vanessa Marano who starred in Freeform's "Switched at Birth".
