The English general election, 1695 was the first to be held under the terms of the Triennial Act of 1694, which required parliament to be dissolved and fresh elections called at least every three years.
 This measure helped to fuel partisan rivalry over the coming decades, with the electorate in a constant state of excitement and the Whigs and Tories continually trying to gain the upper hand.
 Despite the potential for manipulation of the electorate, as was seen under Robert Walpole and his successors, with general elections held an average of every other year, and local and central government positions frequently changing hands between parties, it was impossible for any party or government to be certain of electoral success in the period after 1694, and election results were consequently genuinely representative of the views of at least the section of the population able to vote.
After the conclusion of the English general election, 1698 the government led by the Whig Junto believed it had held its ground against the opposition.
 Over the previous few years, divisions had emerged within the Whig party between the 'court' supporters of the junto and the 'country' faction, who disliked the royal prerogative, were concerned about governmental corruption, and opposed a standing army.
 Some contests were therefore between candidates representing 'court' and 'country', rather than Whig and Tory.
 The Whigs made gains in the counties and in small boroughs, but not in the larger urban constituencies.
The English general election, 1685 elected the only parliament of James II of England, known as the Loyal Parliament.
 This was the first time the words Whig and Tory were used as names for political groupings in the Parliament of England.
 Party strengths are an approximation, with many MPs' allegiances being unknown.
The English general election, 1689 elected the Convention Parliament, which was summoned in the aftermath of the Glorious Revolution.
The English general election, 1661 returned a majority of members in accord with Charles II of England.
 This Parliament was called the Cavalier Parliament, since many of the MPs elected were former Cavaliers or the sons of Cavaliers.
Samuel Manetoali (born January 24, 1969) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands.
 He represents the Gao/Bugotu constituency in Isabel Province.
 He attended Lepi Primary School and then went on to do his secondary education at the prestigious King George Sixth National School in Honiara.
 He attended law school at the University of Papua New Guinea and graduated with an LLB degree and further unspecified qualifications from the University of Tasmania and University of South Australia.
 Prior to entering politics he worked in the country's Public Solicitors Office, then he worked as a private lawyer and a legal adviser to the Isabel Provincial Government.
 He first entered parliament in the 2006 general election and re-elected in the 2010 general election.
.
 He served as the Solomon Islands' Minister of Police, National Security and Correctional Services in Prime Minister Derek Sikua's Cabinet until May 2009, when he was transferred to the position of Minister for Lands, Survey, and Housing.
 Following the 2010 general election, he remained in Cabinet, under new Prime Minister Danny Philip, as Minister for Tourism and Culture.
 In this year's (2014) general election which was held on the 19th November, he was voted in again for the third term with a landslide victory.
 .
 He contested as an independent candidate in last week's election.
.
 As a lawyer, many people had expected more from him seeing that many world leaders including Barack Obama and Tony Abott are lawyers by profession and he appears to be a potential candidate for the prime minister's post given his experience as a politician (3 terms including the current term) and his noble profession.
 His current success in the recent election could be attributed to projects such as mini-fisheries projects that he established in the various villages in his constituency.
 He also helped the villages and communities by giving handouts such as roofing irons, outboard motor engines, fiber boats, solar panels, cash money and other form of support as a way to maintain and broaden his support.
 He also supported local tourism in his constituency by giving financial help to tourism operators such as on Sigana Island,albeit, tourism is still at its infant stage in his constituency.
 His other elixir to maintain his popularity and support is through facilitating and sending Bamboo Bands/groups notably the Hageulu bamboo band overseas for the promotion of tourism and culture for the country and he managed to do that in his capacity as the minister of Tourism and Culture in the Lilo-led government.
 He was also instrumental in establishing the Gao-Bugotu Cultural Festival initially held in Huali Village in Gao and in Sepi/Lepi Villages in Bugotu.
The English general election, 1679 (October) again returned a majority of members in favour of Exclusion.
 Consequently, this parliament was known as the Exclusion Bill Parliament.
 It did not assemble until 21 October 1680, and was dissolved three months later on 18 January 1681.
The English general election, 1690 occurred after the dissolution of the Convention Parliament summoned in the aftermath of the Glorious Revolution, and saw the partisan feuds in that parliament continue in the constituencies.
 The Tories made significant gains against their opponents, particularly in the contested counties and boroughs, as the electorate saw the Whigs increasingly as a source of instability and a threat to the Church of England.
The English general election, 1679 (March) returned a majority of members in favour of the Exclusion Bill.
 This parliament was called the Habeas Corpus Parliament after the Habeas Corpus Act, which it enacted in May, 1679.
 It was dissolved while in recess on 12 July 1679.
 Many members did not attend the parliament at all, so their view about Exclusion is unknown.
The English general election, 1681 returned members to the last parliament of Charles II.
 It sat for one week from 21 March 1681 until 28 March 1681, and was dubbed the Oxford Parliament.
 Party strengths are an approximation, with many MPs' allegiances being unknown.
