David Arthur Haycock (September 4, 1916 – February 25, 1994) was a personal secretary to several twentieth-century presidents of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), including George Albert Smith, Joseph Fielding Smith, Harold B. Lee, Spencer W. Kimball and Ezra Taft Benson.
Laura Eugenia Bayley (1864 – 1938) was a British actress and filmmaker, active in the Brighton School of early cinema pioneers.
 Born in Ramsgate, Bayley performed onstage in Victorian burlesques, revues, and pantomimes, often with her three sisters.
 After marrying the showman George Albert Smith, she entered the world of early experiments with motion picture film; she played main roles in many of the most important films Smith made between 1897 and 1903, including "The Kiss in the Tunnel" (1899) and "Mary Jane's Mishap" (1903).
Let Me Dream Again is a 1900 British short silent drama film, directed by George Albert Smith, featuring a man dreaming about an attractive young woman and then waking up next to his wife.
 The film stars Smith's real wife, Laura Bayley, as the woman of his fantasies.
 Bayley would later appear in Smith's 1906 film 'Mary Jane's Mishap.'
 The film, according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline, "is an excellent example of an early two-shot film, and is particularly interesting for the way it attempts a primitive dissolve by letting the first shot slip out of focus before cutting to the second shot, which starts off out of focus and gradually sharpens."
 Of further interest is the camera composition of the husband and wife in bed.
 The bed is placed against a wall and in front of a camera that is fixed to the floor, giving the appearance of two people lying in bed, when in reality they are standing.
 The film was shot in Smith's own studio, the former pump house at St Ann's Well Gardens in Hove.
 The film was remade by Ferdinand Zecca for Pathé as "Dream and Reality" (1901).
The Albert Smith Memorial Medal is the award given to the Man of the Match in the final of the Camanachd Cup, the blue riband trophy of the sport of shinty.
 It has been presented every year since 1972 by the Smith family of Fort William in honour of Albert Smith Sr. (Born in 1888, Lochuanagan, Fort Augustus.)
 The widow of his only son, Albert Smith Jr. currently presents the medal.
 Albert Sr.'s grandson, Victor Smith is a former player for Fort William Shinty Club but never won the medal despite featuring as a key player in several Fort William wins.
Hinckley wrote "What of the Mormons?"
 while he was employed as the Executive Secretary to the Church Radio, Publicity, and Mission Literature Committee.
 As part of the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Mormon pioneers arriving in the Salt Lake Valley, Hinckley had been asked by church president George Albert Smith to write a book that would introduce the LDS Church to non-members.
George Albert Smith (June 26, 1817 – September 1, 1875) (known throughout his life as George A. Smith) was an early leader in the Latter-day Saint movement.
 He served in the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles and as a member of the First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
The X-Rays (also known as The X-Ray Fiend) is a 1897 British short silent comedy film, directed by George Albert Smith, featuring a courting couple exposed to X-rays.
 The trick film, according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline, "contains one of the first British examples of special effects created by means of jump cuts" Smith employs the jump-cut twice; first to transform his courting couple via "X rays," dramatized by means of the actors donning black bodysuits decorated with skeletons, and then to return them to normal.
 The couple in question were played by Smith's wife Laura Bayley and Tom Green (a Brighton comedian).
The George Albert Smith Fieldhouse is a 5,000 seat multi-purpose arena in Provo, Utah.
 Built in 1951, it is the home of the Brigham Young University Cougars volleyball teams and most home gymnastics meets.
 It was named for George Albert Smith, the eighth president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, who died the year the fieldhouse opened.
 Prior to the Marriott Center opening in 1971 it was home to the basketball teams.
 At that time, the arena held 10,500 people.
 Smith Fieldhouse also has a track and several offices used by BYU's athletic department.
George Albert Smith Sr. (April 4, 1870 – April 4, 1951) was an American religious leader who served as the eighth president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
The Conman is a 1998 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau, Athena Chu and Nick Cheung.
 Despite the Chinese title, which translates as "Knight of Gamblers 1999", Andy Lau does not reprise his role as the "Knight of Gamblers" from the "God of Gamblers" series, which was also directed by Wong Jing.
 The film was followed by a sequel "The Conmen in Vegas", which Lau and Cheung return with new cast members Natalis Chan, Kelly Lin, Meggie Yu and Alex Man.
