Ingwald "Ingo" Preminger (25 February 1911 in Czernowitz, Austria-Hungary (now Chernivtsi, Ukraine) – 7 June 2006 in Pacific Palisades, California) was a film producer.
 He was also the literary agent for several writers, including Dalton Trumbo and Ring Lardner Jr., both of whom were blacklisted in the McCarthy era.
 He was brother of actor-director-producer Otto Preminger.
The Hawk is a 1935 American Western film directed by Edward Dmytryk.
 It was Dmytryk's debut film as a director.
Fallen Angel is a 1945 black-and-white film noir directed by Otto Preminger, with cinematography by Joseph LaShelle, who had also worked with Preminger on "Laura" a year before.
 The film features Alice Faye, Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell, and Charles Bickford.
 It was the last film Faye made as a major Hollywood star, and she did not make another film until "State Fair" (1962).
Rosebud is a 1975 film directed by Otto Preminger, and starring Peter O'Toole, Richard Attenborough, and Peter Lawford.
 The script was by Otto's son, Erik Lee Preminger, based on the novel by Joan Hemingway and .
 Originally the film was set to star Robert Mitchum, but he left after disagreements with Preminger.
 Kim Cattrall made her film début as a teenager.
 Barbara Emerson, who had been cast as one of the girls, was replaced during production.
Danger – Love at Work is a 1937 American screwball comedy film directed by Otto Preminger.
 The screenplay by James Edward Grant and Ben Markson focuses on an attorney's frustrating efforts to deal with a wildly eccentric family.
The Human Factor is a 1975 drama film directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring George Kennedy and John Mills.
 It was Dmytryk's final film.
Libel!
 is a play written by Edward Wooll.
 It debuted on 2 April 1934 at the Playhouse Theatre in London's West End, where it was directed by Leon M. Lion.
 Producer Gilbert Miller brought it to Henry Miller's Theatre on Broadway in December 1935, with Otto Preminger directing.
Edward Snyder, also known as Edward J. Snyder (1895 – July 10, 1982) was an American cameraman, cinematographer (director of photography), and visual effects/special effects artist.
 Born in New York City in 1895, Snyder would break into the film industry as the Director of Photography on the 1926 silent film, "The Fighting Marine", which featured the only screen performance by boxing heavyweight champion, Gene Tunney.
 He would be one of the plethora of talented cameramen to work on the Howard Hughes' 1930 aerial classic, "Hell's Angels", along with such other notable cameramen and future directors of photography, Paul Ivano, Henry Cronjager and Ernest Laszlo.
 But it was as special effects artist that he would have his greatest success, working on such classic films as Otto Preminger's "Laura"; George Cukor's "Winged Victory"; "The Keys of the Kingdom", starring Gregory Peck; Elia Kazan's A Tree Grows in Brooklyn; Anna and the King of Siam, starring Irene Dunne and Rex Harrison; and 1948's Deep Waters, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award (losing to the special effects team of Portrait of Jennie).
 Snyder died in 1982.
Cornered is a 1945 film noir starring Dick Powell and directed by Edward Dmytryk.
 This is the second teaming of Powell and Dmytryk (after "Murder, My Sweet").
 Many scenes shot by cinematographer Harry J. Wild and Dmytryk stand out as classic film noir.
 The screenplay was written by John Paxton with uncredited help from Ben Hecht.
The Moon Is Blue is a 1953 American romantic comedy film produced and directed by Otto Preminger and starring William Holden, David Niven, and Maggie McNamara.
 Written by F. Hugh Herbert and based on his 1951 play of the same title, the film is about a young woman who meets an architect on the observation deck of the Empire State Building and quickly turns his life upside down.
 Herbert's play had also been a huge success in Germany, and Preminger decided to film English- and German-language versions simultaneously, using the same sets but different casts.
 The German film version is "Die Jungfrau auf dem Dach".
