Christchurch Adventure Park is an Adventure park in the Port Hills of Christchurch, New Zealand.
 Built by the Canadian company Select Evolution, it had its opening function on 16 December 2016.
 The 1500 holders of special passes could ride from 17 December, while the park opened to the public on 21 December.
 According to the developer, the 358 ha park with a 1.8 km chairlift and initially 50 km of downhill tracks is the largest facility of its kind in the Southern Hemisphere.
 The park closed on 13 February as a precaution due to a nearby fire and two days later, most of the park's tree cover had been destroyed in a large wildfire.
 The lift and ziplines have suffered significant damage, and the park's condition is much worse than the operator initially thought.
 No reopening date has been set, and "it won't be a quick fix".
Jiminy Peak is a mid-sized ski resort in Hancock, Massachusetts in the Taconic Mountains.
 The peak of Jiminy Peak, which includes the Hendricks Summit Lodge, is located in Lanesborough, Massachusetts.
 The mountain is owned by Och-Ziff Capital Management but the operating company is owned and managed by Brian Fairbank, the longtime former owner of the Resort.
 During the winter Jiminy Peak offers activities for the whole family, including skiing, snowboarding, outdoor pools, and various restaurants.
 There are 45 trails and nine lifts, including a six-person, high speed chairlift.
 In the summer additional activities are offered at Mountain Adventure Park, such as an alpine super slide, mountain coaster, hiking, and mountain biking.
 The Aerial Adventure Park is a challenge course up in the trees.
 Five levels provide both physical and mental challenges for all levels.
 Courses range from 15–50 feet in the air.
 Jiminy Peak has installed the second mountain coaster in the country, and first on the East Coast.
 And is the first Alpine Super Slide in the nation (June, 1977)
Terra Nova Adventure Park, located in the City of Richmond, British Columbia, within the Terra Nova Rural Nature Park, is an innovative playground.
 Its sustainable design works to accomplish an alternative to contemporary playgrounds found throughout the Lower Mainland, as most of its features are made of ropes, yellow cedar wood, and other products that resemble nature.
 The 'Homestead' and 'Paddock' areas are the two distinct zones of the playground.
 The adventure park was completed in September 2014 and it is a result of an intensive community planning process.
 The City of Richmond is working towards increasing its number of innovative parks.
 Terra Nova Adventure Park especially reflects its agricultural ties and traditions to the overall area and is suitable for individuals of all ages.
Disney California Adventure Park, commonly referred to as Disney California Adventure, California Adventure, or DCA, is a theme park located in Anaheim, California.
 It is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company through its Parks and Resorts division.
 The 72 acre park is themed after the history and culture of California.
 It also celebrates the fun and adventure of California.
 The park opened in 2001 as Disney's California Adventure Park, and it is the second of two theme parks built at the Disneyland Resort complex, after Disneyland Park.
Estadio Nelson Barrera is a stadium in Campeche, Mexico.
 It is primarily used for baseball, and is the home field of the Piratas de Campeche (Campeche Pirates) Mexican League baseball team.
 It holds 6,000 people.
 It is named for Campeche native and Mexican League home run and RBI record setter Nelson Barrera.
 It was built in the same location as the former Estadio Venustiano Carranza (originally built 28 December 1958), which had served as the home field for the Pirates from 1980 through 1997.
 For the 1998 through the 2000 seasons the Pirates played out of the 3,000 seat Estadio Leandro Dominguez in the Santa Lucia neighborhood of the city of Campeche.
 Estadio Nelson Barrera Romellón was opened on 22 May 2001 with a victory of the Pirates over the visiting Olmecas de Tabasco.
Pirate Adventure Park is a small theme park located beside Westport House in Westport, Ireland.
 The Park is home to the first flume ride in Ireland (Pirates Plunge).
 The Park is Pirate themed due to Wesport House's association with Grace O'Malley.
 The Park was developed by The 11th Marquess of Sligo on the grounds of Westport House.
Wild West Express Coaster is a steel roller coaster operating at Glenwood Caverns Adventure Park in Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
 Wild West Express Coaster opened to the public at Glenwood Caverns Adventure Park on May 25, 2012.
Glenwood Caverns Adventure Park is an adventure park located above Glenwood Springs, Colorado, about 160 miles west of Denver.
 Prior to 2003, only cave tours were available until a major expansion took place.
 The park is unique because it sits at an altitude of 7,100 feet on a mountain above Glenwood.
 Today, the park features numerous attractions in addition to the cave tours.
Landmark Forest Adventure Park is a large nature-based theme and adventure park in the village of Carrbridge, Highlands, Scotland.
The 1976 Los Angeles Rams season was the team's 39th year with the National Football League and the 31st season in Los Angeles.
 The Rams continued their dominance of the NFC West, winning their 4th straight division title as well as their 4th straight playoff berth.
 After a record setting 1975 season in which their defense was nearly untouchable, the Rams were picked by many to win the Super Bowl.
 Despite not improving on its 12-2 record from 1975, the team continued to be one of the best in the NFL.
 This Rams team is quite notable for setting many records during the season.
 One good notable record was breaking the franchise record for points scored in a game with 59 in a 59-0 devouring of the Atlanta Falcons.
 The Rams would ultimately have another year of success, finishing 10-3-1.
 In the playoffs, they would beat Dallas 14-12 in the Divisional Round of the playoffs.
 However, the Rams would lose the NFC Championship game to the Minnesota Vikings 24-13.
