Van Staphorst v. Maryland, 2 U.S. (2 Dall.)
 401 (1791), was the first case docketed with the United States Supreme Court.
 Although the court agreed to hear and decide the case, the suit was settled before oral arguments. "
Collet v. Collet" was the first appellate case docketed with the court. "
West v. Barnes" was the first case decided by the court.
Berghuis v. Thompkins, 560 U.S. 370 (2010) (docket 08-1470), is a decision by the United States Supreme Court in which the Court considered the position of a suspect who understands his or her right to remain silent under "Miranda v. Arizona" and is aware he or she has the right to remain silent, but does not explicitly invoke or waive the right.
V.L. v. E.L., 577 U.S. ___ (2016) , is a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States concerning the adoption rights of same-sex couples.
 In 2007, a Georgia Superior Court granted adoption rights to V.L., the partner of E.L., the woman who gave birth to their three children.
 However, after moving back to Alabama, the couple split up.
 E.L. tried to block V.L. from seeing the children, but V.L. filed a lawsuit seeking visitation and other parental rights.
 On September 18, 2015, the Supreme Court of Alabama ruled that the state did not have to recognize the adoption judgment, saying that the Georgia court misapplied its own state law.
 The court voided the recognition of the adoption judgment in Alabama.
 V.L. petitioned the United States Supreme Court to stay the ruling during her appeal and allow her to see her children.
 On December 14, 2015, the Supreme Court stayed the ruling pending their action on a petition for a writ of certiorari filed by V.L. On March 7, 2016, the Supreme Court of the United States reversed the decision of the Alabama Supreme Court by per curiam summary disposition.
Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, 579 U.S. ___ (2016) , is a landmark United States Supreme Court case decided on June 27, 2016.
 The Court ruled 5-3 that Texas cannot place restrictions on the delivery of abortion services that create an undue burden for women seeking an abortion.
 On June 28, the Supreme Court refused to hear challenges from Wisconsin and Mississippi where federal appeals courts had struck down similar laws.
 Other states with similar laws may also be impacted.
Commissioner v. Banks, 543 U.S. 426 (2005), together with Commissioner v. Banaitis, was a case decided before the Supreme Court of the United States, dealing with the issue of whether the portion of a money judgment or settlement paid to a taxpayer's attorney under a contingent-fee agreement is income to the taxpayer for federal income tax purposes.
 The Supreme Court held when a taxpayer's recovery constitutes income, the taxpayer's income includes the portion of the recovery paid to the attorney as a contingent fee.
 Employment cases are an exception to this Supreme Court ruling because of the Civil Rights Tax Relief in the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004.
 The Civil Rights Tax Relief amended Internal Revenue Service § 62(a) to permit taxpayers to subtract attorney’s fees from gross income in arriving at adjusted gross income.
Hirabayashi v. United States, 320 U.S. 81 (1943), was a case in which the United States Supreme Court held that the application of curfews against members of a minority group were constitutional when the nation was at war with the country from which that group originated.
 The case arose out of the issuance of Executive Order 9066 following the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor and the U.S. entry into World War II.
 President Franklin Roosevelt had authorized military commanders to secure areas from which "any or all persons may be excluded", and Japanese Americans were subject to a curfew and other restrictions before being removed to internment camps.
 The plaintiff, Gordon Hirabayashi, was convicted of violating the curfew and had appealed to the Supreme Court. "
Yasui v. United States" was a companion case decided the same day.
 Both convictions were overturned in "coram nobis" proceedings in the 1980s.
Hoffman v. Jones, (Fla. 1973), was a case decided by the Supreme Court of Florida that was the first adoption of the comparative negligence rule in negligence law through judicial decision as opposed to adoption through statute.
 In the wrongful death case of Hoffman v. Jones, attorney Sammy Cacciatore Jr. was instrumental in causing the Florida Supreme Court to adopt for the first time the comparative negligence rule in negligence law.William Harrison Jones Jr. was killed by a Pav-A-Way Corporation truck driven by Philip Francis Hoffman Jr.
 It was the first case in the nation in which a state supreme court abandoned the almost-150-year-old doctrine of contributory negligence, which precluded an injured victim from recovery if the victim had contributed to the incident to any degree.
 The Florida Supreme Court adopted the concept of “pure” comparative negligence, which allows a victim to be compensated for the percentage of harm caused by the at-fault person.
 The decision of the court in Hoffman v. Jones has been cited in law school textbooks, and now the concept of comparative negligence is the prevailing doctrine.
United States v. Quiver, 241 U.S. 602 (1916) is a case decided by the United States Supreme Court after first appearing in United States District Court for the District of South Dakota.
 The case argued on February 28, 1916 and decided on June 12, 1916 concerned adultery committed on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota between two enrolled members of the Oglala Sioux Tribe.
 The district court had held that adultery committed by an Indian with another Indian on an Indian reservation was not punishable under the act of March 3, 1887, c. 397, 24 Stat.
 635, now § 316 of the Penal Code.
 This decision was made because the offense occurred on a Sioux Indian reservation which is not said to be under jurisdiction of the district court.
 The United States Supreme Court affirmed the judgment of the district court saying that the adultery was not punishable as it had occurred between two American Indians on an American Indian reservation.
Mississippi University for Women v. Hogan, 458 U.S. 718 (1982) was a case decided 5-4 by the Supreme Court of the United States.
 The court held that the single-sex admissions policy of the Mississippi University for Women violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Summers v. Earth Island Institute, 555 U.S. 488 (2009) , was a United States Supreme Court case decided 5–4 in which several environmental organizations brought suit against the United States Forest Service (USFS) to enjoin that federal agency from implementing rules that would allow the salvage sale of timber from 238 acres of fire-damaged federally owned land without conducting the notice, comment, and appeal process of the Forest Service Decision-making and Appeals Reform Act.
