Princess Marie of Prussia ("Marie Elisabeth Louise Frederika of Prussia"; 14 September 1855, Marmorpalais, Potsdam – 20 June 1888, Dresden), was a princess of the House of Hohenzollern.
 She was the daughter of Prince Frederick Charles of Prussia and later became second wife of Prince Henry of the Netherlands then the first wife of Prince Albert of Saxe-Altenburg.
 She was also the great-niece of Wilhelm I, German Emperor.
Prince Hermann Friedrich of Leiningen (born 16 April 1963) is the younger son of Prince Karl of Leiningen and his wife Princess Marie Louise of Bulgaria.
 Hermann was born in Toronto, Ontario, as Hermann Friedrich Fernando Roland.
 Through his mother, Hermann is a grandson of King Boris III of Bulgaria, a great-grandson of King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy and -great-great-grandson of King Nicholas of Montenegro.
 Through his father, he is a great-great-great grandson of Queen Victoria (thus in the line of succession to the British throne), as well as Tsar Alexander II of Russia.
 According to Marlene Eilers, Hermann of Leiningen belongs to the Eastern Orthodox Church.
 His paternal grandmother was Grand Duchess Maria Kirillovna Romanova of Russia and his maternal grandmother was Princess Giovanna of Savoia, daughter of King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy.
Princess Marie of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, later Princess Marie of Belgium, Countess of Flanders (Marie Luise Alexandrine Karoline; 17 November 1845 – 26 November 1912) was a Princess of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, later simply of Hohenzollern, and mother of King Albert I of Belgium.
Antonia Minor ("PIR" A 885), also known as Julia Antonia Minor, Antonia the Younger or simply Antonia (31 January 36 BC - September/October AD 37) was the younger of two daughters of Mark Antony and Octavia Minor.
 She was a niece of the Emperor Augustus, sister-in-law of the Emperor Tiberius, paternal grandmother of the Emperor Caligula and Empress Agrippina the Younger, mother of the Emperor Claudius, and both maternal great-grandmother and paternal great-aunt of the Emperor Nero.
 She was additionally the maternal great-aunt of the Empress Valeria Messalina and Faustus Cornelius Sulla Felix, the paternal grandmother of Claudia Antonia, Claudia Octavia, and Britannicus and the maternal grandmother of Julia Livia and Tiberius Gemellus.
Lady Mary Victoria Douglas-Hamilton, also known as the Lady Mary Victoria Hamilton (11 December 185014 May 1922) was the Lanarkshire-born, Scottish great-grandmother of Prince Rainier III of Monaco, the fashion designer Prince Egon von Fürstenberg, the socialite and actress Princess Ira von Fürstenberg and the Czech Minister of Foreign Affairs Prince Karel Schwarzenberg.
 She was the daughter of William Alexander Anthony Archibald Hamilton, 11th Duke of Hamilton and of his wife, Princess Marie Amelie Elizabeth Caroline of Baden.
 Through her maternal grandmother, she was a third cousin of Emperor Napoléon III of France.
 She was a first cousin of Queen Carola of Saxony, Queen Stephanie of Portugal, King Carol I of Romania, and Princess Marie, Countess of Flanders (mother of King Albert I of the Belgians).
Cotys IX or Kotys IX (name in Greek: ο Κότυς, flourished 1st century) was a Thracian prince and the Roman Client King of Lesser Armenia.
 Cotys was the second son and was among the children of Roman Client Rulers of Thrace Cotys VIII and Antonia Tryphaena.
 His paternal grandparents were loyal Roman Client Rulers Rhoemetalces I and Pythodoris I of Thrace, while his maternal grandparents Roman Client Rulers Polemon Pythodoros and Pythodorida of Pontus.
 Cotys was the namesake of his father and was of Persian, Greek and Roman descent.
 His maternal grandmother Pythodorida of Pontus was the first grandchild of Roman Triumvir Mark Antony.
 Thus through his maternal grandmother, Cotys was related to various members of the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
Christine Louise of Oettingen-Oettingen (20 March 1671 in Oettingen – 3 September 1747 in Blankenberg) was Duchess of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
 She was the maternal grandmother of Holy Roman Empress Maria Theresa, Queen Elisabeth Christine of Prussia, Queen Juliane Marie of Denmark and Norway and Tsar Peter II of Russia; the maternal great-grandmother of Queen Marie Antoinette of France, Tsar Ivan VI of Russia and Francis, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld; the maternal great-great-grandmother of King Leopold I of Belgium and the maternal great-great-great-grandmother of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.
Princess Marie Alexandra of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, since 1941 of Schleswig-Holstein (Marie Alexandra Caroline-Mathilde Viktoria Irene; 9 July 1927, Schloss Louisenlund, Schleswig, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany – 14 December 2000, Friedrichshafen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was a member of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
 Marie Alexandra was the fourth and youngest child of Wilhelm Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Marie Melita of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.
 Her older brother Peter was the Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and Head of the House of Oldenburg from 10 February 1965 until his death on 30 September 1980.
Alice Holland, Countess of Kent (c. 1350 – 17 March 1416), LG, formerly Lady Alice FitzAlan, was an English noblewoman, a daughter of the 10th Earl of Arundel, and the wife of the 2nd Earl of Kent, the half-brother of King Richard II.
 As the maternal grandmother of Anne Mortimer, she was an ancestor of King Edward IV and King Richard III, as well as King Henry VII and the Tudor dynasty through her daughter Margaret Holland.
 She was also the maternal grandmother of Joan Beaufort, Queen of Scotland.
Princess Marie of Liechtenstein ("née" Princess Marie Isabelle Marguerite Anne Geneviève of Orléans; born Boulogne-Billancourt, France on 3 January 1959) is the eldest daughter of Prince Henri, Count of Paris, Duke of France and his former wife Duchess Marie Thérèse of Württemberg.
 She is the wife of Prince Gundakar of Liechtenstein, a great-grandson of Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein.
