Sign language refers to a mode of communication, distinct from spoken languages, which uses visual gestures with the hands accompanied by body language to express meaning.
 It has been determined that the brain's left side is the dominant side utilized for producing and understanding sign language, just as it is for speech.
 In 1861, Paul Broca studied patients with the ability to understand spoken languages but the inability to produce them.
 The damaged area was named Broca's area, and located in the left hemisphere’s inferior frontal gyrus (Brodmann areas 44, 45).
 Soon after, in 1874, Carl Wernicke studied patients with the reverse deficits: patients could produce spoken language, but could not comprehend it.
 The damaged area was named Wernicke's area, and is located in the left hemisphere’s posterior superior temporal gyrus (Brodmann area 22).
 Signers with damage in Broca's area, have problems producing signs.
 Those with damage in the Wernicke's area (left hemisphere) in the temporal lobe of the brain have problems comprehending signed languages.
 Early on, it was noted that Broca’s area was near the part of the motor cortex controlling the face and mouth.
 Likewise, Wernicke's area was near the auditory cortex.
 These motor and auditory areas are important in spoken language processing and production, but the connection to signed languages had yet to be uncovered.
 For this reason, the left hemisphere was described as the verbal hemisphere, with the right hemisphere deemed to be responsible for spatial tasks.
 This criteria and classification was used to denounce signed languages as equal with their spoken counterparts before it was more widely agreed upon that due to the similarities in cortical connectivity they are linguistically and cognitively equivalent.
 In the 1980's research on deaf patients with left hemisphere stroke were examined to explore the brains connection with signed languages.
 The left perisylvian region was discovered to be functionally critical for language, spoken and signed.
 Its location near several key auditory processing regions led to the belief that language processing required auditory input and was used to discredit signed languages as "real languages."
 This research opened the doorway for linguistic analysis and further research of signed languages.
 Signed languages, like spoken languages, are highly structured linguistic system; they have their own sets of phonological, morphological and syntactic characteristics.
 Despite complex differences between spoken and signed languages, the associated brain areas are thus far thought to share a lot in common.
The Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Ali al-Amoudi Stadium (Amharic: ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Weldiya, Ethiopia.
 It is used mostly for football matches although it also has athletics facilities.
 The stadium has a capacity of 25,155 people.
Midaq Alley (Spanish: "El callejón de los milagros" , also released as The Alley of Miracles) is a 1995 Mexican film adapted from the novel by Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz, written by Vicente Leñero and directed by Jorge Fons.
 The film deals with complex issues such as gay and lesbian related topics, the lower-middle class of Mexico City, and the lives of many people.
There are a number of languages in Morocco, but the two official languages are Modern Standard Arabic and Amazigh (Berber).
 Moroccan Arabic (known as Darija) is the spoken native vernacular.
 The languages of prestige in Morocco are Arabic in its Classical and Modern Standard Forms and French, the latter of which serves as a second language for many Moroccans.
 According to a 2000–2002 survey done by Moha Ennaji, author of "Multilingualism, Cultural Identity, and Education in Morocco", "there is a general agreement that Standard Arabic, Moroccan Arabic, and Berber are the national languages."
 Ennaji also concluded "This survey confirms the idea that multilingualism in Morocco is a vivid sociolinguistic phenomenon, which is favoured by many people."
Sayyid Ali Hosseini Khamenei (Persian: سید علی حسینی خامنه‌ای‎ ‎ ] ; born 17 July 1939) is a "marja" and the second and current Supreme Leader of Iran.
 Khamenei succeeded the first Supreme Leader, Ruhollah Khomeini, after Khomeini's death, being elected as the new Supreme Leader by the Assembly of Experts on 4 June 1989 at the age of 49.
 His political career began after the Iranian Revolution, when the former President of Iran, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, then a confidant of Khomeini, brought Khamenei into Khomeini's inner circle.
 Later on, the current President of Iran, Hassan Rouhani, then a member of Parliament, arranged for Khamenei to get his first major post in the provisional revolutionary government as deputy defense minister.
 Khamenei then went to serve as the third President of Iran from 1981 to 1989 while becoming a close ally to Khomeini.
 Eventually, after Khomeini had a fall off with then heir-apparent Hussein Ali Montazeri, Rafsanjani claimed that Khomeini had chosen Khamenei as his successor while the Assembly of Experts deliberated to elect the next Supreme Leader.
 Khamenei is head of the servants of Astan Quds Razavi from April 14, 1979.
Hussein Ali Mahfouz (3 May 1926 - 19 January 2009) was an Iraqi scholar in the field of Semitic languages.
Huave (also spelled Wabe) is a language isolate spoken by the indigenous Huave people on the Pacific coast of the Mexican state of Oaxaca.
 The language is spoken in four villages on the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, in the southeast of the state, by around 18,000 people (see table below).
 The Huave people of San Mateo del Mar, who call themselves "Ikoots", meaning "us," refer to their language as "ombeayiiüts," meaning "our language".
 In San Francisco del Mar, the corresponding terms are "Kunajts" ("us") and "umbeyajts" ("our language").
 The term "Huave" is thought to come from the Zapotec languages, meaning "people who rot in the humidity", according to the 17th-century Spanish historian Burgoa.
 However, Martínez Gracida (1888) claims the meaning of the term means 'many people' in Isthmus Zapotec, interpreting "hua" as "abundant" and "be" as a shortened form of "binni" ("people").
 The etymology of the term requires further investigation.
 Neither of the above etymologies is judged plausible by Isthmus Zapotec speakers.
Sayed Hussein Ali Bamyani (born 18 December 1951), was the 1st Afghanistan's Young Justice Party leader (anti-Taliban), and he was leader of the Hazara tribe in Bamyan.
 He became a dominant political figure after the removal of the Taliban regime in late 2006 in Kabul.
Hussein Ali Hussein Al-Aameri (born November 24, 1990) is an Iraqi judoka.
 He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the men's 81 kg event, in which he was eliminated by Paul Kibikai in the second round.
Dr. Hussein Ali Shido (Somali: Dr. Xuseen Cali Shido; born 1926, Hobyo, Somalia) is a Somali politician.
 He entered politics when he joined the Somali Youth League.
 Dr. Hussein was one of the founders of the United Somali Congress, and later became its chairman prior to General Mohamed Farrah Aidid holding the position.
