Jack Little (born John Leonard; May 30, 1899 – April 9, 1956), (Another source gives his birth date as May 28, 1902.)
 sometimes credited Little Jack Little, was a British-born American composer, singer, pianist, actor, and songwriter whose songs were featured in several movies.
 He is not to be confused with the burlesque comedian also known as "Little" Jack Little, who stood 4'5".
Hippolytus or Hipolit (died c. 1027) was an early medieval archbishop of Gniezno.
 His place and date of birth date are unknown but the medieval historian Jan Długosz claims that he was of noble birth and a Roman citizen.
 Modern scholars generally agree that he was not Polish.
Dave Malloy (born January 4, 1976) is an American composer, who has created several theatre works, often based on classic works of literature.
 They include his award winning electropop opera "Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812" and his chamber musical "Ghost Quartet".
 Malloy is a three-time Tony Award nominee.
Astro Boy (アストロボーイ・鉄腕アトム , Asutoro Bōi: Tetsuwan Atomu , lit.
 "Astro Boy: Mighty Atom") is a remake of the 1960s anime series of the same name created by Osamu Tezuka, which was produced by his company, Tezuka Productions, Sony Pictures Entertainment Japan, Dentsu, and Fuji Television network.
 It was also shown on Animax, who have broadcast the series across its respective networks worldwide, including Japan, Southeast Asia, South Asia, East Asia, and other regions.
 It was created to celebrate the birth date of Atom/Astro Boy (as well as the 40th anniversary of the original TV series).
 Under the original English name (instead of "Mighty Atom"), it kept the same classic art style as the original manga and anime, but was revisioned and modernized with more lush, high-quality, near-theatrical animation and visuals.
 It combined the playfulness of the early anime with the darker, more serious and dramatic Science fiction themes of the manga and the 1980 series.
 The anime broadcast in Japan on the same date as Atom's/Astro's birth in the manga (April 6, 2003) across Animax and Fuji Television.
 It was directed by Kazuya Konaka and written by Chiaki J. Konaka at the beginning of the series.
 Other writers included were Keiichi Hasegawa, Sadayuki Murai, Ai Ohta, Hirotoshi Kobayashi, Kenji Konuta, and Marc Handler, who was also executive story editor.
Purdie is believed to have been born in Scotland by 1743; however, his exact birth date and exact place of birth are unknown.
 He was trained at an early age in the skills of printing in his motherland.
 His immigration to the American British colonies is not known for sure; however, by 1764 he took up residence in colonial Williamsburg, Virginia.
 At that time he was employed by the then current Williamsburg printer Joseph Royle, as an apprentice.
In Costa Rica, in recent years, a cédula de identidad, has been a credit card-sized plastic card.
 On one side, it includes a photo of the person, a personal identification number, and the card's owner personal information (complete name, gender, birth date, and others), and the user's signature.
 On the reverse, it may include additional information such as the date when the ID card was granted, expiration date of the ID card, and other such as their fingerprints, and all the owner's information in matrix code.
 Every Costa Rican citizen must carry an ID card immediately after turning 18.
Ghost Quartet is a musical adaptation of a songcycle, "Ghost Quartet," by a band, also called Ghost Quartet, written and composed by Dave Malloy.
 The show is described as "a song cycle about love, death, and whiskey.
 A camera breaks and four friends drink in four interwoven narratives spanning seven centuries"
Ruler X (also Governor X) is the designation given by archaeologists to a pre-Columbian Maya ruler at the site of Rio Azul, whose name glyphs have otherwise not been satisfactorily deciphered.
 Ruler X is associated with Tomb 1 located in Structure C-1, where a mural inscription on the walls of the tomb carries the Long Count date of 8.19.1.9.13.
 This date, equivalent to September 27, 417 CE in the proleptic Gregorian calendar, has been interpreted as the birth date of this ruler.
Thomas Day Singleton (Birth date unknown – November 25, 1833) was a United States Representative from South Carolina.
 He was born near Kingstree, South Carolina but his birth date is unknown.
Akhund Mullah Mohammad Kashani, known as lunar tiles in 1833 was born in Kashan.
 In place of his birth date and age of his birth is not mentioned during the 84 years of his life, to guess.
 According to Syed Jalaluddin Homai, he, along with Jahangir Khan Qashqai as two distinguished professor in philosophy and jurisprudence, literature and jurisprudence have.
 He taught for fifty years and foster outstanding students in the fields of intellectual and traditional sciences.
 He died in 1914 in Isfahan and was buried in Takht-e Foulad.
