Kenneth Young (born 11 November 1955, Invercargill, New Zealand) is a composer, conductor, radio presenter and lecturer in composition, conducting and orchestration at the New Zealand School of Music, Massey University and Victoria University of Wellington.
 As a composer, Young has had works commissioned by New Zealand and Australian orchestras and arts organisations including the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra, Auckland Philharmonia Orchestra, Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra "New Zealand International Arts Festival" and "Chamber Music New Zealand".
 He works as a freelance composer and is fully represented by "SOUNZ: The Centre for New Zealand Music".
 In 1976, Young became the principal tuba for the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra and first the orchestra in 1985 becoming "Conductor in Residence" in 1993.
 In 2001 resigned from the orchestra to become a full-time conductor, composer and recording artist for orchestras in New Zealand and Australia, as well as engagements in Japan and the United Kingdom.
 He is well known for his interpretation of Romantic, 20th Century, New Zealand and Australian orchestral repertoire and in 2012 conducted both the winning album, "Angel at Ahipara" and finalist album, "Releasing the Angel", for "Best Classical Album" at the New Zealand Music Awards.
 Young has been recorded by EMI, Atoll Records, Continuum, Trust Records, ABC Classics and Naxos and is a frequent presenter on "RESOUND", Radio New Zealand Concert introducing and contextualising work from the RNZ archives.
 In 2004 was awarded the "Lilburn Trust Citation" in Recognition of Outstanding Services to New Zealand Music.
The history of tennis in New Zealand dates back to the 1870s, the decade when the development of modern tennis began.
 The first "New Zealand Tennis Championships" were played at Farndon in Hawkes Bay in 1886.
 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association (NZLTA) was formed at a meeting held in Hastings in December 1886.
 Shortly after its inauguration, the New Zealand Association became affiliated with the Lawn Tennis Association (England).
 In 1904 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association amalgamated with six Australian state tennis associations to form the Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia.
 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association played a significant role in the origin of the Australian Open.
 Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia created the tournament called "The Australasian Mens Championships" (which later became Australian Open) in 1905 and was first played in Warehouseman's Cricket Ground and it was decided that championships would be hosted by both Australian as well as New Zealand venues.
 New Zealand hosted the championship twice— Christchurch (1906) and Hastings (1912).
 The geographical remoteness of both the countries (Australia and New Zealand) made it difficult for foreign players to enter the tournament.
 In Christchurch in 1906, of a small field of 10 players, only two Australians attended, and the tournament was won by a New Zealander (Tony Wilding).
 Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia was one of the twelve national associations of tennis which established the International Lawn Tennis Federation (ILTF) in a conference in Paris, France on 1 March 1913.
 From 1905 until 1919, New Zealand and Australian tennis players participated in the International Lawn Tennis Challenge (Davis Cup) under the alias of "Team Australasia", the team claimed a title six times (1907, 1908, 1909, 1911, 1914, 1919), however, there were attempts to severance this trans-tasmanian partnership, in order to allow New Zealand players to represent their nation on international tennis events.
 In 1922, New Zealand dropped out from this partnership and on 16 March 1923 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association was granted affiliation to the International Lawn Tennis Association and thereby became eligible to enter the International Lawn Tennis Challenge in its own right.
 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association filed its first challenge with United States Lawn Tennis Association for 1924 International Lawn Tennis Challenge.
 Tennis New Zealand was the founding member of Oceania Tennis Federation in 1993.
The Holden Astra is a compact car marketed by Holden in Australia.
 Spanning six generations, the original, Australia-only Astra of 1984 was a derivative of the locally produced Nissan Pulsar, as was the 1987 Astra.
 It was succeeded by the Holden Nova in 1989—another unique-to-Australia model line.
 From 1995, the Holden Astra name was used in New Zealand, for a badge engineered version of the Opel Astra, which had been sold locally as an Opel since 1993.
 The following year, Holden discontinued the Nova line in Australia in favour of the Opel-based Holden Astra.
 On 1 May 2014, Holden announced to import the Opel Astra J GTC and Opel Astra J OPC with Holden badges to Australia and New Zealand.
Opel Automobile GmbH (Opel, ] ) is a German automobile manufacturer, a subsidiary of the French automobile manufacturer Groupe PSA since 1 August 2017.
 In March 2017, Groupe PSA agreed to acquire Opel from General Motors.
 The acquisition was approved by the European Commission regulatory authorities in July 2017.
 Opel's headquarters are in Rüsselsheim am Main, Hesse, Germany.
 The company designs, engineers, manufactures and distributes Opel-branded passenger vehicles, light commercial vehicles, and vehicle parts for distribution in Africa, Asia, Europe, and South America.
 Opel designed and manufactured vehicles are also sold under the Vauxhall brand in Great Britain, the Buick brand in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and China and the Holden brand in Australia and New Zealand.
The Opel Cascada (Spanish for "waterfall") is a Mid-size convertible engineered and manufactured by the German automaker Opel since 2013.
 It is also marketed as the Opel Cabrio in Spain, Vauxhall Cascada in the United Kingdom, the Holden Cascada in Australia and New Zealand, and the Buick Cascada in the United States and China.
ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited, New Zealand's largest financial-services group, operates as a subsidiary of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited of Australia.
 Until 2012, ANZ operated in New Zealand under the legal entity ANZ National Bank Limited, which was formed as part of the 2012 merger of ANZ Banking Group (New Zealand) Limited and the National Bank of New Zealand Limited.
 From 2012, the company was renamed ANZ Bank New Zealand as part of the merger of ANZ and the National Bank brands.
 ANZ New Zealand operates under a variety of different brands, such as ANZ, UDC Finance, Bonus Bonds and Direct Broking.
 It provides a number of financial services, including banking services, asset finance, investments and payment "solutions".
The Willy Wonka Candy Company is a British brand of confectionery owned and licensed by Swiss corporation Nestlé.
 The Wonka brand's inception comes from materials licensed from British author Roald Dahl.
 His classic children's novel, "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", and its film adaptations are the source of both the packaging and the marketing styles of the Wonka brand.
 The brand was launched in 1971, coinciding with the release of the novel's first film adaptation.
 In 1988 the Willy Wonka Candy Company brand – then owned by Sunmark Corporation – was acquired by Nestlé.
 Nestlé sells sweets and chocolate under the Willy Wonka brand name in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Africa, Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Argentina, Costa Rica, Panama, Dominican Republic and the Middle East.
 In mid-2015 the Willy Wonka brand name was dropped by Nestlé, in favour of special "throwback" packaging.
 Candies previously made by the Willy Wonka brand are now under the Nestlé brand naming, excluding the Wonka brand name on the top left corner.
Ansett New Zealand was a wholly owned airline subsidiary of Ansett Australia, serving the New Zealand domestic market between 1987 and 2000.
 In order to comply with regulatory requirements relating to the acquisition of Ansett Australia by Air New Zealand, Ansett New Zealand was sold to News Corporation and later to Tasman Pacific Airlines of New Zealand in 2000, operating as a Qantas franchise under the Qantas New Zealand brand.
 It went into receivership and subsequently liquidation in 2001.
Jetconnect is a wholly owned subsidiary airline of Qantas that is based in Auckland, New Zealand.
 It was established in July 2002, commencing operations in October the same year.
 It operates trans-Tasman services between New Zealand and Australia under the Qantas brand.
 It employs crew based in New Zealand and operates aircraft registered in New Zealand.
 It also operated domestic services within New Zealand until these services were taken over by Jetstar Airways, another Qantas subsidiary, on 10 June 2009.
 Its main base is Auckland Airport.
NZI or New Zealand Insurance is a major insurance company in New Zealand.
 NZI was formed in Auckland in 1859 as the New Zealand Insurance Company Ltd and is one of New Zealand's largest and longest-serving fire and general insurance brands.
 It merged with South British Insurance in 1981; the two companies had been equally matched rivals and were virtually the same size, but with different emphasis on the types of business they held.
 The new company formed a parent, New Zealand South British Group Ltd, which maintained both brands concurrently before changing to the NZI Corporation in 1984 when the South British brand was phased out.
 In January 2003 IAG, Insurance Australia Group, purchased NZI when acquiring Aviva's general insurance business, and NZI is now a subsidiary of IAG New Zealand Ltd.
 Aviva predecessor General Accident bought NZI in 1989.
 NZI focuses on providing products to the intermediated market; i.e. brokers and banks.
