The Bjarkøy Fixed Link (Norwegian: "Bjarkøyforbindelsen" ) is a proposed fixed link which will connect the three islands of Bjarkøya, Sandsøya, and Grytøya in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.
 Grytøya and Bjarkøya will be connected by a subsea road tunnel and a bridge will connect Grytøya and Sandsøya.
 The tunnel to Bjarkøya will be 3.25 km long.
 The bridge to Grytøya would be 300 m long plus a 900 m long causeway.
 The project also includes 3 km of road on Grytøya to connect the existing roads to the new undersea tunnel.
 The Bjarkøy Tunnel will be part of Norwegian County Road 867, while the Sandsøya Bridge will be part of Norwegian County Road 124.
The Øresund/Öresund/Oresund Bridge (Danish: "Øresundsbroen" , ] ; Swedish: "Öresundsbron" , ] ; hybrid name: "Øresundsbron ") is a combined railway and motorway bridge across the Øresund strait between Sweden and Denmark.
 The bridge runs nearly 8 km from the Swedish coast to the artificial island Peberholm in the middle of the strait.
 The crossing is completed by the 4 km Drogden Tunnel from Peberholm to the Danish island of Amager.
Sweden (Swedish: "Sverige" ), officially the Kingdom of Sweden, is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe.
 It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east, and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund.
 At 450295 km2 Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area.
 Sweden has a total population of 10.0 million of which 2.3 million has a foreign background.
 It has a low population density of 22 PD/km2 ; the highest concentration is in the southern half of the country.
 Approximately 85% of the population lives in urban areas.
Øresund or Öresund (Danish: "Øresund" , ] ; Swedish: "Öresund" , ] ), commonly known in English as the Sound, is a strait which forms the Danish–Swedish border, separating Sjælland (Denmark) from Skåne (Sweden).
 The strait has a length of 118 km and the width varies from 4 km to 28 km .
 It is 4 km wide at its narrowest point between Helsingør in Denmark and Helsingborg in Sweden.
Malmö Harbour Heliport (IATA: JMM, ICAO: ESHM) , is an heliport serving Malmö, Sweden.
 Before the Öresund Bridge was opened in 2000 and before Sweden entered the Schengen Area in 2001, Malmö Harbour Heliport and port had passport and customs check, and there were helicopter and speedboat connections directly to Copenhagen Airport transfer area.
The Öresund Committee (Swedish: "Öresundskomiteen" ) was an organisation which described itself as a platform for regional political collaboration in the Öresund region.
 The Öresund region comprises Sweden's most southerly province of Skåne and the Danish islands of Zealand, Lolland, Falster and Bornholm.
 The Öresund region has a total population of 3.7 million inhabitants.
The Øresund or Öresund Region (Danish: "Øresundsregionen" ; Swedish: "Öresundsregionen" ] ) is a transnational metropolitan area in northern Europe, centred around the Øresund strait and the two cities which lie on either side, Copenhagen, Denmark and Malmö, Sweden.
 The region is connected by the Øresund Bridge, which spans the strait at its southern end, and the HH Ferry route between Elsinore, Denmark (Danish: "Helsingør") and Helsingborg, Sweden at the narrowest point of the strait.
The City Tunnel (Swedish: "Citytunneln" ) is a 17-kilometre rail link in Malmö, Sweden, running between Malmö Central Station (Malmö C) and the Öresund Line (Öresund Bridge), of which six kilometres under Malmö city centre is in tunnel, to increase capacity on the Scanian network by changing Malmö C from a terminus to a through station.
 The work was projected to cost 9.45 billion SEK.
 Under construction since March 2005, the line was inaugurated by King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden on December 4, 2010, and revenue service commenced on December 12, 2010.
Copenhagen Malmö Port AB (CMP) operates the ports in Denmark's capital Copenhagen and in Sweden's third largest city, Malmö.
 The ports are located either side of Øresund, a strait between the two countries.
 The combined Øresund Region is the Nordic countries' largest metropolitan area in terms of population.
 The region is connected by the Øresund Bridge, which spans the strait at its southern end, and the HH Ferry route between Helsingør, Denmark and Helsingborg, Sweden.
European route E 47 is a highway going from Lübeck in Germany via Copenhagen, Denmark to Helsingborg, Sweden, which is also known under the name Vogelfluglinie and Sydmotorvejen.
 The road has motorway standard all the way except for 28 km in Germany, the part inside Helsingør (6 km/4 miles city street), and there are also two ferry connections.
 The route has a ferry connection between Germany and Denmark.
 A fixed link is planned there by the year 2020.
 The discussion of a bridge or tunnel was settled when the 'Danish parliament rejected plans for a bridge across the Fehmarn Strait in favour of the tunnel, deciding it would be safer and greener'.
 Also, there is a ferry connection between Denmark (Helsingør) and Sweden (Helsingborg).
 There is a bridge-tunnel combination between Denmark and Sweden further south, but still the ferry Helsingør-Helsingborg has a dense schedule.
