The Where's Wally?
 comic strip was featured in many newspapers in the early 1990s.
 The weekly Sunday comic was distributed by King Features Syndicate.
 The strip was later translated and reworked for international markets.
The Hills Valley Weekly (formerly the Hills & Valley Messenger) is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide, part of the Messenger Newspapers group.
 The "Hills & Valley's" area is bounded by the Belair National Park in the north-east, and the suburbs of Darlington to the west and Happy Valley to the south.
 Its western border roughly divides the foothills from the Adelaide plains.
Li'l Abner was a satirical American comic strip that appeared in many newspapers in the United States, Canada and Europe, featuring a fictional clan of hillbillies in the impoverished mountain village of Dogpatch, USA.
 Written and drawn by Al Capp (1909–1979), the strip ran for 43 years, from August 13, 1934 through November 13, 1977.
 It was distributed by United Feature Syndicate.
 Comic strips typically dealt with northern urban experiences before Capp introduced Li'l Abner, the first strip based in the South.
 The comic strip had 60 million readers in over 900 American newspapers and 100 foreign papers in 28 countries.
 Author M. Thomas Inge says Capp "had a profound influence on the way the world viewed the American South."
Carlos Alberto Montaner (born 1943) is an exiled Cuban author known for his more than 25 books and thousands of articles, including several novels, the last of which is La mujer del coronel (The Colonel's wife).
 Some of his books are devoted to explaining the true nature of the Cuban dictatorship, for example: Journey To The Heart of Cuba.
 PODER magazine has estimated that more than six million readers have access to his weekly columns.
 He has been published widely in Latin American newspapers, and published fiction and non-fiction books on Latin America.
 Since 1968 he has had a syndicated weekly column in many newspapers around the world.
 Montaner is a political analyst for CNN en Espanol and a collaborator on the book, The Cuban Exile, along with well-known Cuban writers Mirta Ojito, award winning poet and writer Carlos Pintado and Carlos Eire, a book coordinated by Cuban musician and producer Emilio Estefan.
 In October 2012, Foreign Policy magazine selected Montaner as one of the fifty most influential intellectuals in the Ibero-American world.
Block Communications (also known as "Blade Communications") is an American privately held holding company of various assets, mainly in the print and broadcast media, based in Toledo, Ohio.
 The company was founded in 1900 in New York City when Paul Block, a German-Jewish immigrant who came to the United States fifteen years prior, formed an ad representation firm for newspapers.
 Through the 1910s and 1920s, the Block empire grew to encompass many newspapers on the east coast of the US, however with the Great Depression in the 1930s came the loss of all but three properties: the ad representation firm, the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", and the Toledo "Blade" (where Block eventually settled the company upon its purchase in 1927).
 After Block's death in 1941, his sons took over the company and later his grandchildren (one of whom, Allan Block, is company chairman).
Bee Group Newspapers are a family of suburban newspapers published in Western New York by Bee Publishing, Incorporated, of Williamsville.
 The forerunner of the corporation began in 1877 with the founding of the "Lancaster Bee."
 Bee Group Newspapers publishes newspapers for Erie County, New York, targeting towns, villages, and school districts.
 The weekly readership is 175,672.
 All papers include local government news, their award-winning classified sections, and special themed sections produced throughout the year.
 Bee Group Newspapers are members of the New York Press Association and the National Newspaper Association.
 High-traffic black boxes with "The Bee" logo in bright yellow are easy to locate and contain the free publications of the Bee Group Newspapers.
 In addition to the black boxes, there are more than 250 racks in high-traffic locations containing the newspapers.
 The "Amherst Bee" and "Cheektowaga Bee" are still paid circulation newspapers that are mail-delivered weekly to subscribers.
Richard Palmer is an entrepreneur and is the founder of the company d3o Lab.
 In 1999 Richard founded an award winning Innovation Consultancy after studying at the Royal College of Art, working with clients such as Herman Miller and Levis using his proprietary innovation model.
 Richard built a studio with the desks at 2m high accessed via giant chairs with inbuilt ladders, which can be seen in the book Office Design.
 The innovative design won the Times & Gestetner Digital Office Award, competing against entrants such as Ted Baker and Sainsbury's.
 During this time Richard invented an amazing new material later branded as d3o.
 During the next 8 years Richard gained extensive investment and grew the company to where it is today, winning the O2 and Arena Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award on the way.
 Richard has appeared on multiple TV channels including CNN, Discovery Channel, BBC News, Sky News, CNBC, Fuji TV, Asahi TV, Nippon, ITV, plus many newspapers and magazines from "Time" magazine to the "FT", "The Guardian", "Independent", "Telegraph", "Asia Business Weekly", "Arena Magazine" and many more.
 Richard has spoken and lectured on innovation across the world.
Egypt has the highest number of the printed publications in the region.
 The number of Arabic newspapers in the country was about 200 in 1938.
 There were also 65 newspapers published in other languages than Arabic.
 For instance, there were many newspapers published in Turkish in the country from 1828 to 1947.
 By 1951 Arabic newspapers was about 400 and those published in other languages was 150.
 As of 2011, daily newspaper circulation in Egypt was more than 4.3 million copies.
Alison Aprhys is an Australian journalist with extensive print, online and broadcast experience.
 Currently she presents two weekly sports programs on 94,7 The Pulse.
 She was formerly with the "Geelong Advertiser", a regional daily newspaper.
 Previously, she was a freelance journalist and photographer whose focuses included surfing and firefighting.
 Her work has appeared in many newspapers, magazines and online publications including "Sydney Morning Herald", "Griffith Review", "Eureka Street" and cfaconnect.net.au.
Shakeel Ahmad Bhat (Kashmiri: शकील अहमद भट (Devanagari, "Shakeel Ahmad Bhat"), شکیل احمد بھٹ (Nastaleeq) ) (born around 1978) is a Kashmiri activist.
 He has been in photographs on the front pages of many newspapers and has become a cult figure on the Internet.
 He has been featured in newspapers such as the "Times of India", "Middle East Times", France 24, and "The Sunday Mail" He has been nicknamed Islamic Rage Boy by several bloggers.
