Field Marshal Sir Claud William Jacob, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (21 November 1863 – 2 June 1948) was a British Indian Army officer.
 He served in the First World War as commander of the Dehra Dun Brigade, as General Officer Commanding 21st Division and as General Officer Commanding II Corps in the Fifth Army.
 During the Battle of the Somme, his corps undertook the British attack during the Battle of Thiepval Ridge in September 1916 and the subsequent assault on St Pierre Divion during the Battle of the Ancre in November 1916.
 He remained in command of II Corps for the Battle of Passchendaele in Autumn 1917.
 After the War he commanded a corps of the British Army of the Rhine during the occupation there and then served as Chief of the General Staff in India.
 He went on to be General Officer Commanding Northern Command in India before temporarily becoming Commander-in-Chief, India and then taking over as Military Secretary to the India Office.
The Battle of Dertosa, also known as the Battle of Ibera, was fought in the spring of 215 BC on the south bank of the Ebro River across from the town of Dertosa.
 A Roman army, under the command of Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Calvus and Publius Cornelius Scipio, defeated a similarly sized Carthaginian army under Hasdrubal Barca.
 The Romans, under Gnaeus Scipio, had established themselves in Hispania after winning the Battle of Cissa in 218 BC.
 Hasdrubal Barca's expedition to evict them had ended in the defeat of the Iberian contingent of the Carthaginian navy at the Battle of Ebro River in 217 BC.
 Hasdrubal launched another expedition in 215 BC, but the defeat at Dertosa cost the Carthaginians a chance to reinforce Hannibal at a critical juncture, and the Romans gained the initiative in Hispania.
 The Scipio brothers continued with their policy of subjugating the Iberian tribes and raiding Carthaginian possessions.
 After losing of most of his field army, Hasdrubal had to be reinforced with the army that was to sail to Italy and reinforce Hannibal.
 Thus, by winning this battle, the Scipios had indirectly prevented the situation in Italy from getting worse in addition to improving their own situation in Iberia.
 This battle also demonstrates the danger of implementing the double envelopment tactic.
Brigadier Ivan Simson OBE (1890–1971) was the Chief Engineer in Malaya from August 1941 until its surrender to the Japanese in 1942.
 Simson was tasked with improving the defenses in Singapore in the face of possible attack by the Japanese, although Simson's defensive recommendations were largely rejected by his commander, Arthur Percival, as being bad for moral.
 Previously he was Deputy Chief Engineer Scottish Command.
A Byzantine–Hungarian War was fought between Byzantine and Hungarian forces on the Danube between 1127 and 1129.
 According to the Byzantine chronicler Niketas Choniates, the citizens of the Byzantine town Braničevo "attacked and plundered the Hungarians who had come to" the Byzantine Empire "to trade, perpetrating the worst crimes against them."
 Stephen II of Hungary broke into the empire in the summer.
 His troops sacked Belgrade, Braničevo and Niš, and plundered the regions around Serdica (Sofia, Bulgaria) and Philippopolis (Plovdiv, Bulgaria), before returning to Hungary.
 In response, Emperor John II marched against Hungary in 1128, where he defeated the royal troops in a battle at Haram, and "captured Frangochorion, the richest land in Hungary" (now in Serbia).
 Following his victory over the Hungarians John II launched a punitive raid against the Serbs.
 Dangerously for the Byzantines the Serbs had aligned themselves with Hungary.
 Many Serbian prisoners were taken, and these were transported to Nicomedia in Asia Minor to serve as military colonists.
 This was done partly to cow the Serbs into submission (Serbia was, at least nominally, a Byzantine protectorate), and partly to strengthen the Byzantine frontier in the east against the Turks.
 The Serbs were forced to acknowledge Byzantine suzerainty once again.
 In Hungary, the defeat at Haram undermined Stephen II's authority and he faced a serious revolt when two counts, named 'Bors' (possibly Boris Kalamanos) and 'Ivan', were declared kings.
 Both were eventually defeated, Ivan being beheaded and Bors fleeing to Byzantium.
 Stephen was unable to participate in any of the fighting because he was sick, recuperating in his homeland, according to John Kinnamos.
 John Kinnamos wrote of a second campaign by Stephen against the Byzantine Empire, when the Hungarian troops, supported by Bohemian reinforcements under the command of Duke Václav of Olomouc, took Braničevo by storm and destroyed its fortress.
 The Hungarians had renewed hostilities, possibly in order that King Stephen could be seen to reassert his authority, by attacking the Byzantine frontier fortress of Braničevo, which was immediately rebuilt by John.
 Further Byzantine military successes – Choniates mentions several engagements – resulted in a restoration of peace.
 Cinnamus describes a Byzantine reverse occurring before peace was established, which suggests that the campaign was not entirely one-sided.
 Hungarian records, however, agree with Choniates in indicating that King Stephen was again defeated and was consequently forced to negotiate a peace on Byzantine terms.
 Historian Ferenc Makk thinks that Emperor John II Komnenos was forced to retreat and sue for peace and that the treaty was signed in October 1129.
 The Byzantines were confirmed in their control of Braničevo, Belgrade, and Zemun and they also recovered the region of Syrmia (called Frangochorion in Choniates), which had been in Hungarian hands since the 1060s.
 The Hungarian pretender Álmos died in 1129, removing the major source of friction.
Irvin McDowell (October 15, 1818 – May 4, 1885) was a career American army officer.
 He is best known for his defeat in the First Battle of Bull Run, the first large-scale battle of the American Civil War.
 In 1862, he was given command of the I Corps of the Army of the Potomac.
 He fought unsuccessfully against Stonewall Jackson's troops during the Valley Campaign of 1862, and was blamed for contributing to the defeat of United States troops at the Second Battle of Bull Run in August.
Command Ops: Battle from the Bulge (commonly abbreviated BFTB) is a strategic command level computer wargame developed and by Panther Games in Australia and published by Matrix Games in 2010.
 The game is set around the historical WWII Western Front German offensive and Allied counter-offensive of 1944-45 launched through the Ardennes mountain region of Belgium, France and Luxembourg.
Air Chief Marshal Hugh Caswall Tremenheere Dowding, 1st Baron Dowding, (24 April 1882 – 15 February 1970) was an officer in the Royal Air Force.
 He served as a fighter pilot and then as commanding officer of No. 16 Squadron during the First World War.
 During the inter-war years he became Air Officer Commanding Fighting Area, Air Defence of Great Britain and then joined the Air Council as Air Member for Supply and Research.
 He was Air Officer Commanding RAF Fighter Command during the Battle of Britain, and is generally credited with playing a crucial role in Britain's defence, and hence, the defeat of Adolf Hitler's plan to invade Britain.
 He was unwillingly replaced in command in November 1940 by Big Wing advocate Sholto Douglas.
Polyxenidas a Rhodian general and admiral, who was exiled from his native country, and entered the service of Antiochus III the Great, king of Seleucid Empire.
 We first find him mentioned in 209 BC, when he commanded a body of Cretans mercenaries during the expedition of Antiochus into Hyrcania .
 But in 192 BC, when the Syrian king had determined upon war with Rome, and crossed over into Greece to commence it, Polyxenidas obtained the chief command of his fleet.
 After co-operating with Menippus in the reduction of Chalcis, he was sent back to Asia to assemble additional forces during the winter.
 We do not hear any thing of his operations in the ensuing campaign, 191 BC, but when Antiochus, after his defeat at the Battle of Thermopylae (191 BC), withdrew to Asia, Polyxenidas was again appointed to command the king's main fleet on the Ionian coast.
 Having learnt that the praetor Gaius Livius Salinator was arrived at Delos with the Roman fleet, he strongly urged upon the king the expediency of giving him battle without delay, before he could unite his fleet with those of Eumenes II of Pergamon and the Rhodians.
 Though his advice was followed, it was too late to prevent the junction of Eumenes with Livius, but Polyxenidas gave battle to their combined fleets off Corycus.
 The superiority of numbers, however, decided the victory in favour of the allies ; thirteen ships of the Syrian fleet were taken and ten sunk, while Polyxenidas himself, with the remainder, took refuge in the port of Ephesus.
 Here he spent the winter in active preparations for a renewal of the contest ; and early in the next spring (b. c. 190), having learnt that Pausistratus, with the Rhodian fleet, had already put to sea, he conceived the idea of surprising him before he could unite his forces with those of Livius.
 For this purpose he pretended to enter into negotiations with him for the betrayal into his hands of the Syrian fleet, and having by this means deluded him into a fancied security, suddenly attacked him, and destroyed almost his whole fleet.
 After this success he sailed to Samos to give battle to the fleet of the Roman admiral and Eumenes, but a storm prevented the engagement, and Polyxenidas withdrew to Ephesus.
 Soon after, Livius, having been reinforced by a fresh squadron of twenty Rhodian ships under Eudamus (Rhodian), proceeded in his turn to offer battle to Polyxenidas, but this the latter now declined.
 Lucius Aemilius Regillus, who soon after succeeded Livius in the command of the Roman fleet, also attempted without effect to draw Polyxenidas forth from the port of Ephesus : but at a later period in the season Eumenes, with his fleet, having been detached to the Hellespont while a considerable part of the Rhodian forces were detained in Lycia, the Syrian admiral seized the opportunity and sallied out to attack the Roman fleet.
 The action took place at Battle of Myonessus near Teos, but terminated in the total defeat of Polyxenidas, who lost 42 of his ships, and made a hasty retreat with the remainder to Ephesus.
 Here he remained until he received the tidings of the fatal battle of Magnesia, on which he sailed to Patara in Lycia, and from thence proceeded by land to join Antiochus in Syria.
 After this his name is not again mentioned.
Looking Glass (or Operation Looking Glass) is the code name for an airborne command and control center operated by the United States.
 In more recent years it has been more officially referred to as the ABNCP (Airborne Command Post).
 It provides command and control of U.S. nuclear forces in the event that ground-based command centers have been destroyed or otherwise rendered inoperable.
 In such an event, the general officer aboard the Looking Glass serves as the Airborne Emergency Action Officer (AEAO) and by law assumes the authority of the National Command Authority and could command execution of nuclear attacks.
 The AEAO is supported by a battle staff of approximately 20 people, with another dozen responsible for the operation of the aircraft systems.
 The name Looking Glass, which is another word for a mirror, was chosen for the Airborne Command Post because the mission operates in parallel with the underground command post at Offutt Air Force Base.
"For the WWII battle of the same name see: Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands"
