The P9T Pistol is a cock and shoot spring pistol manufactured by Crosman Airguns.
 It shoots at velocities up to 275 fps.
 and includes a 15-round magazine, hop-up propulsion system and an under barrel Weaver rail.
 It is sold with a holster made from soft cordura fabric and features a Velcro thumb break.
 Also included in the kit is a trial package of high-quality .12g airsoft BBs.
The Star Ultrastar is a pistol manufactured by the now defunct Star Bonifacio Echeverria, S.A., a Spanish pistol manufacturer.
The Steyr TMP (Taktische Maschinenpistole/Tactical Machine Pistol) is a select-fire 9×19mm Parabellum caliber machine pistol manufactured by Steyr Mannlicher of Austria.
 The magazines come in 15-, 20-, or 30-round detachable box types.
 A suppressor can also be fitted.
Metallwarenfabrik Spreewerk GmbH was a German weapons manufacturing company.
 Spreewerk produced a number of important weapons and components before and during World War II including 280,880 of the Walther P.38 pistol which was the standard service pistol of the German "Heer", and the famous 8.8 cm Flak anti-aircraft gun.
The Star Model S was a Spanish semi-automatic pistol manufactured by Star Bonifacio Echeverria, S.A. and designed to use the .380 ACP cartridge.
 Like many semi-automatic handguns, the basic design of the Star Model S is based on the .45 calibre Colt 1911.
 But it is much smaller, lighter, and lacks some of the safety features of the Colt pistol.
 It is this lightness and lack of safety features that make this a fast gun.
The Colt Double Eagle is a double-action / single action, semi-automatic pistol manufactured by Colt's Manufacturing Company between 1989 and 1997.
 It was the first double-action semiautomatic pistol offered by the company and was available in standard full-size, as well as in more compact versions.
 It featured a decocking lever, and was chambered for several calibers.
 The family of models was known as the Series 90.
The vz.
 38 is a Semi-automatic pistol manufactured from 1939 until 1945 chambered in .380 ACP (in Europe called 9 × 17 mm Browning Short).
 The barrel is attached to the frame by a hinge, allowing for very easy disassembly.
 Certain aspects of the pistol are covered by Czechoslovakian patent 65558 which may also be found as Finish patent FI18533(A) from 1939.
The VP70 is a 9×19mm, 18-round, double action only, semi-automatic/three-round burst capable polymer frame pistol manufactured by German arms firm Heckler & Koch GmbH.
 VP stands for Volkspistole (literally "People's Pistol"), and the designation 70 was for the first year of production: 1970.
The model 1805 U.S. Marshal "Harper's Ferry" flintlock pistol, manufactured at the Harpers Ferry Armory in Virginia (now West Virginia), was the first pistol manufactured by a national armory.
The Mitchell Alpha .45 is a pistol manufactured by the American Mitchell Arms company.
 It is .45 ACP in calibre and its magazine size is 8 rounds.
 The Alpha uses the Browning-type locking mechanism and weighs 39 ounces.
 There is no trigger stop on the pistol and its sights are fixed.
 Its external safety is compatible to the ambidextrous shooter , with an ambidextrous safety catch.
