Robert George Dylan Willis MBE (born Robert George Willis on 30 May 1949), known as Bob Willis, is an English former cricketer, who played for Surrey, Warwickshire, Northern Transvaal and England.
 A right-handed and aggressive fast bowler with a notably long run-up, Willis spearheaded several England bowling attacks between 1971 and 1984, across 90 Test matches in which he took 325 wickets at 25.20 runs per wicket, at the time second only to Dennis Lillee.
 He is currently England's fourth leading wicket taker, behind James Anderson, Ian Botham, and Stuart Broad.
 Willis took 899 first-class wickets overall, although from 1975 onwards he bowled with constant pain, having had surgery on both knees.
 He nevertheless continued to find success, taking a Test career best eight wickets for 43 runs in the 1981 Ashes series against Australia, one of the all-time best Test bowling performances.
 He was "Wisden" Cricketer of the Year for 1978.
Sorority Row is a 2009 American slasher film directed by Stewart Hendler and starring Briana Evigan, Leah Pipes, Rumer Willis, and Carrie Fisher.
 Based on the script for the 1983 horror film "The House on Sorority Row" by Mark Rosman and Bobby Fine, the film is a re-imagining that focuses on a group of sorority sisters who are stalked and murdered on the night of their graduation after covering up the accidental death of a fellow sorority sister.
Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American actress and singer.
 She is the oldest daughter of actors Bruce Willis and Demi Moore.
 Willis won season 20 of "Dancing with the Stars."
 She went on to make her Broadway debut in "Chicago" as Roxie Hart on September 21, 2015.
 She currently has a recurring role in season 3 of FOX musical-drama "Empire".
Streak is a 2008 American coming-of-age short film directed by Demi Moore, written by Kelly Fremon and Allan Loeb, and starring Brittany Snow and Rumer Willis.
 The film was actress Demi Moore's first film as a director.
 The plot focuses on a young woman stuck in a life she no longer wants with gym-rat friends and obsessive behavior.
 To break free, she reaches for fun in an interesting form of expression.
Hello Again is an upcoming American musical film directed by Tom Gustafson and written by Cory Krueckeberg, based on the musical of same name by Michael John LaChiusa.
 The film stars Audra McDonald, Martha Plimpton, T. R. Knight, and Rumer Willis.
 Principal photography began on December 1, 2015 in New York City.
Mark Covert (born November 17, 1950) is an American runner.
 He is believed to maintain the second-longest streak of running every day in the world.
 Covert's running streak began on July 23, 1968 just after his senior year at Burbank High School in Burbank, California, and continued for exactly 45 years.
 Due to a chronic foot injury, Covert announced that he would end his streak after exactly 45 years on July 23, 2013 and he did as promised.
 His is the longest streak recorded by the United States Running Streak Association, followed closely by Jon Sutherland, who began less than a year after Covert.
 However, British runner Ron Hill is believed to have the longest continuous streak.
The 2001–02 NBA season was the Rockets' 35th season in the National Basketball Association, 31st season in the city of Houston, and their 27th and penultimate season at Compaq Center.
 During the offseason, the Rockets acquired All-Star forward Glen Rice from the New York Knicks, and re-acquired Kevin Willis from the Milwaukee Bucks.
 However, Rice only played just 20 games due to a foot injury.
 In their first season without All-Star center Hakeem Olajuwon, the Rockets got off to a 7–5 start, but then suffered a dreadful 15-game losing streak.
 The season saw team captain Steve Francis make his first All-Star appearance, but he only played 57 games, and starting 56 of them due to recurring foot injuries and migraines.
 He also participated in the Dunk Contest.
 Due to injuries that hindered their roster for parts of the year, the Rockets played mediocre basketball all season, finishing fifth in the Midwest Division with a disappointing 28–54 record.
 Following the season, Walt Williams signed as a free agent with the Dallas Mavericks, and Willis signed with the San Antonio Spurs.
Daniel Willis born 8 April 1954, (Herberton)  is an Australian clergyman, having spent most of his adult life in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney.
 In 2012 Willis formed Leading Global Impact, an organisation dedicated to leadership development amongst top leaders who are thinking nationally or internationally.
 He was appointed CEO of Bible Society NSW  (October 2001) and lead the organisation through significant change until July 2010.
 He was also appointed to the position of International Deputy Director for the South Pacific Region  (Oceania) of the Lausanne Movement  in 2004.
 Since moving to Sydney Sydney in 1972 he has had an extensive career both in business and ministry.
The Odd Way Home is a 2013 independent film directed by Rajeev Nirmalakhandan.
 This drama follows a troubled woman, Maya (Rumer Willis), on the run from an abusive boyfriend, who accidentally robs an old woman and steals a delivery truck, only to find the back of the truck has been converted into a bedroom by Duncan (Chris Marquette), a high-functioning autistic twenty-something.
 Through a picaresque road-trip to Duncan's only-living relative, the two develop a friendship and an understanding of what family really is.
 The film world premiered at the 2013 Austin Film Festival.
There's Always Woodstock is an American comedy-drama film directed and written by Rita Merson.
 It stars Allison Miller, Jason Ritter, Brittany Snow, Ryan Guzman, Katey Sagal, Rumer Willis and James Wolk.
 The film was released on March 19, 2014.
