John Kingsley "Joe" Orton (1 January 1933 – 9 August 1967) was an English playwright and author.
 His public career was short but prolific, lasting from 1964 until his death three years later.
 During this brief period he shocked, outraged, and amused audiences with his scandalous black comedies.
 The adjective "Ortonesque" is sometimes used to refer to work characterised by a similarly dark yet farcical cynicism.
Simon Bent is a British screenwriter and playwright, notable for work including BBC TV drama "" (2006), the screenplay for the feature film "Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry" (2000), and the Joe Orton biographical play "Prick Up Your Ears" based on John Lahr's book.
The Henry James Review is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1979 and is the official publication of the Henry James Society.
 It is dedicated to the scholarly, critical, and theoretical study of the American writer Henry James.
 Each issue focuses on a specific theme of interest and seeks to promote understanding and study of James' contributions.
 The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and the current editor-in-chief is Susan M. Griffin (University of Louisville).
Prick Up Your Ears is a play by Simon Bent, based on the life of playwright Joe Orton.
 Produced by Sonia Friedman it opened at the Comedy Theatre in London's West End on 30 September 2009 following previews from 17 September.
 It starred Chris New as Joe Orton and Matt Lucas as Orton's lover and murderer, Kenneth Halliwell.
Henry James, OM ((1843--)15 1843 – (1916--)28 1916 ) was an American author regarded as a key transitional figure between literary realism and literary modernism, and is considered by many to be among the greatest novelists in the English language.
 He was the son of Henry James, Sr. and the brother of renowned philosopher and psychologist William James and diarist Alice James.
What the Butler Saw is a farce written by the English playwright Joe Orton.
 It was premièred at the Queen's Theatre in London on 5 March 1969.
 It was Orton's final play and the second to be performed after his death, following "Funeral Games" in 1968.
Plain Clothes Theatre Productions is a Bristol-based theatre company producing contemporary plays from around the globe.
 Formed in 2003 by artistic director Sam Berger, the company has produced work in London, Bristol, Cheltenham, Toronto and Vancouver.
 Their work has included plays by Joe Orton, Laura Wade and David Mamet, and their style is based around the teachings of American acting coach Sanford Meisner.
Prick Up Your Ears is a 1987 British film, directed by Stephen Frears, about the playwright Joe Orton and his lover Kenneth Halliwell.
 The screenplay was written by Alan Bennett, based on the biography by John Lahr.
 The film stars Gary Oldman as Orton, Alfred Molina as Halliwell, Wallace Shawn as Lahr and Vanessa Redgrave as Peggy Ramsay.
The Ruffian On the Stair is a play by British playwright Joe Orton which was first broadcast on BBC Radio in August 1964.
 It is an unsympathetic yet comedic one-act portrayal of working class England, as played out by a couple and a mysterious young man who toys with their lives.
 It was based on "The Boy Hairdresser", a novel by Orton and his lover Kenneth Halliwell.
 The title and play are based on a few lines from poet and dramatist William Ernest Henley: "Madam Life's a piece in bloom, / Death goes dogging everywhere: / She's the tenant of the room, / He's the ruffian on the stair."
 "Ruffian" is not as renowned as other works such as "Loot" and "What the Butler Saw", but it is still staged on occasion.
Julie H. Rivkin (born 1952) is an American literary critic and professor of English at Connecticut College since 1982.
 She is best known for her publications on literary theory and Henry James, and has published several works on both subjects.
 Rivkin received her B.A. and PhD from Yale University and is currently the Associate Dean of Faculty at Connecticut College, a member of the Modern Language Association, and Vice President of the Henry James Society.
 Her other specializations include American literature and gender studies (publisher of the "Henry James Review").
