Lea County Regional Airport (IATA: HOB, ICAO: KHOB) (Lea County-Hobbs Airport) is four miles (6.4 km) west of Hobbs, in Lea County, New Mexico.
 The airport covers 898 acre and has three runways.
 It is an FAA certified commercial airport served by United Airlines' affiliate with daily regional flights.
 Lea County Regional Airport is the largest of the three airports owned and operated by Lea County Government.
 Lea County also owns and operated two general aviation airports in Lovington and Jal, New Mexico.
Boise Airport (IATA: BOI, ICAO: KBOI, FAA LID: BOI) (Boise Air Terminal or Gowen Field) is a joint civil-military airport three miles south of Boise in Ada County, Idaho, United States.
 The airport is operated by the city of Boise Department of Aviation and is overseen by an Airport Commission.
 It is by far the busiest airport in the state of Idaho, serving more passengers than all other Idaho airports combined and roughly ten times as many passengers as Idaho's second busiest airport, Idaho Falls Regional Airport.
Idaho Falls High School is a four-year public secondary school in central Idaho Falls, Idaho.
 The current building opened in 1952, though the school itself has been in operation for well over a century.
 Idaho Falls is the older of the two traditional high schools, the other is Skyline, in the Idaho Falls School District #91.
 The school colors are orange and black and its teams are the Tigers; the mascot is known as "Teeger."
Star Valley Medical Center (SVMC) is a not-for-profit 22-bed Critical Access Hospital located in Afton, Wyoming.
 SVMC's actual name is the North Lincoln County Hospital District.
 The hospital serves the residents of Lincoln County.
 For five straight years, SVMC has been named one of the top 100 Critical Access Hospitals in the country.
 SVMC has been ranked in the top 20, two of those five years.
 In 2011 SVMC was named a top 100 Rural Hospital, as well as a 5 star Medicare rated Care Center.
 SVCM is important to the community because the nearest places to receive care (Jackson, Wyoming and Idaho Falls, Idaho) are both over an hour from Star Valley.
 Star Valley Medical Center has transfer agreements with Eastern Idaho Regional Medical Center in Idaho Falls, Primary Children's Hospital in Salt Lake City, Portneuf Medical Center in Pocatello, Idaho, and Logan Regional Hospital in Logan, Utah.
 Charlie Button is the current CEO of SVMC.
Thief River Falls Regional Airport (IATA: TVF, ICAO: KTVF, FAA LID: TVF) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Thief River Falls, a city in Pennington County, Minnesota, United States.
 The airport is owned by the Thief River Falls Regional Airport Authority.
 It is mostly used for general aviation but is also served by one commercial airline subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.
The Idaho Falls Idaho Temple (formerly the Idaho Falls Temple) is the tenth constructed and eighth operating temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
 Located in the city of Idaho Falls, Idaho it was the first LDS temple built in Idaho, and the first temple built with a modern single-spire design.
Huron Regional Airport (IATA: HON, ICAO: KHON, FAA LID: HON) is a city owned public airport in Huron, within Beadle County, South Dakota.
 It recently had scheduled passenger flights operated by a commuter air carrier, Great Lakes Airlines, with service to Denver subsidized by the Essential Air Service (EAS) program; however, Great Lakes no longer serves Huron.
 The airport serves as a backup site for Sioux Falls Regional Airport.
Idaho Falls Regional Airport (IATA: KIDA, ICAO: IDA) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the central business district of Idaho Falls, a city in Bonneville County, Idaho, United States.
 It was formerly known as Fanning Field.
 It is the second-busiest airport in Idaho after Boise Airport.
Waco Regional Airport (IATA: ACT, ICAO: KACT, FAA LID: ACT) is five miles northwest of Waco, in McLennan County, Texas.
 It is owned by the City of Waco.
Sioux Falls Regional Airport (IATA: FSD, ICAO: KFSD, FAA LID: FSD) , also known as Joe Foss Field, is a public and military use airport owned by the Sioux Falls Regional Airport Authority and located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Sioux Falls, a city in Minnehaha County, South Dakota, United States.
 Named in honor of aviator Joe Foss, it serves the greater Sioux Falls area, as well as communities throughout eastern South Dakota, southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa.
