East West Bancorp () is the parent company of East West Bank.
 It is a publicly owned company with $34.8 billion in assets and is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “EWBC”.
 The Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, East West Bank, is one of the largest independent commercial banks headquartered in California with over 130 locations worldwide, including the U.S. markets of California, New York, Georgia, Nevada, Massachusetts, Texas and Washington.
 In Greater China, East West’s presence includes a full-service branch in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Shandong and Shenzhen, and representative offices in Beijing, Chongqing, Guangzhou, Taipei and Xiamen.
Carolinas HealthCare System University is a 130-bed acute care facility located in Charlotte's University City area.
 This hospital is the location of the second busiest emergency departments in Mecklenburg County.
 It is owned by Carolinas Healthcare System, one of the nation's largest publicly owned, not-for-profit hospital operators.
 It originally operated under University Hospital before changing names to Carolinas Medical Center-University.
Carolinas Medical Center-Pineville (Formerly Mercy Hospital South) is a 206 bed acute care facility located in Pineville, North Carolina.
 The Hospital was opened in 1987 by the Sisters of Mercy to serve the rapidly growing southern part of Mecklenburg County.
 in 1995, the Sisters of Mercy sold the hospital to Carolinas HealthCare System.
 Today, CMC-Pineville is in the midsts of a major expansion project that will include increased bed capacity, the establishment of a Level III Trauma Center, and the services of a tertiary care facility.
 CMC-Pineville is a facility of Carolinas HealthCare System, one of the nation's largest publicly owned, not-for-profit hospital operators.
Yapı Kredi is one of the first nationwide commercial banks in Turkey, established in 1944, and positioned as the fourth largest publicly owned bank in Turkey by its asset size.
 The bank iso owned by the joint venture structured by two Fortune Global 500 companies, Koc Holding and UniCredit.
 Assets of the bank include the credit cards, assets under management, non-cash loans, leasing, factoring, private pension funds and non-life insurance.
 The combined financial services network of the bank consists over 13 million customers and 835 branches across the country.
The Sacramento Municipal Utility District (SMUD) provides electricity to Sacramento County, California, and a small portion of adjacent Placer County.
 It is one of the ten largest publicly owned utilities in the United States, generating the bulk of its power through natural gas (estimated 56% of production total in 2009) and large hydroelectric generation plants (22% in 2009).
 SMUD's green power (renewable) energy output was estimated as 19% in 2009.
Big Oil is a name used to describe the world's seven or eight largest publicly owned oil and gas companies, also known as supermajors.
 The supermajors are considered to be BP plc, Chevron Corporation, ExxonMobil Corporation, Royal Dutch Shell plc, Total SA and Eni SpA, with Phillips 66 Company also sometimes described in the past as forming part of the group.
Norrtåg (English: North trains) is a publicly owned company which is owned by Norrbotten County, Västerbotten County, Västernorrland County and Jämtland County in Sweden.
 The company owns passenger trains and organises passenger train operation.
 Norrtåg controls ticket sales and contracts an operator which handles actual train operation (staff and permits).
 The trains are operated under the brand name Norrtåg.
 Norrtåg owns eleven electric multiple unit trains of the type X62, and one of the diesel powered type Itino.
Minnetonka ( ) is a suburban city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States, eight miles (13 km) west of Minneapolis.
 The population was 49,734 at the 2010 census.
 The name comes from the Dakota Indian "mni tanka", meaning "great water".
 The city is the home of Cargill, the country's largest privately owned company, and United Healthcare, the state's largest publicly owned company.
Johnnie Bryan Hunt, Sr. (February 28, 1927 – December 7, 2006), better known as J. B. Hunt, was an American entrepreneur who founded J.B. Hunt Transport Services, the largest publicly owned trucking company in the US.
 His company is based in Lowell, Arkansas.
British Columbia Ferry Services Inc., operating as BC Ferries (BCF), is a former provincial Crown corporation, now operating as an independently managed, publicly owned company.
 BC Ferries provides all major passenger and vehicle ferry services for coastal and island communities in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Set up in 1960 to provide a similar service to that provided by the Black Ball Line and the Canadian Pacific Railway, which were affected by job action at the time, BC Ferries has become the largest passenger ferry line in North America and the second largest in the world, boasting a fleet of 35 vessels with a total passenger and crew capacity of over 27,000, serving 47 locations on the B.C. coast.
