Miguel "El Gringo" Villarreal (died on 10 March 2013) was an alleged drug trafficker and high-ranking leader of the Gulf Cartel, a Mexican drug trafficking organization.
 He was the crime boss of Reynosa, Tamaulipas.
Rafael Caro Quintero (born October 3, 1952) is a Mexican drug trafficker who founded the now-disintegrated Guadalajara Cartel with Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo and other drug traffickers in the 1970s.
 He is the brother of fellow drug trafficker Miguel Caro Quintero, the founder and former leader of the extinct Sonora Cartel who remains incarcerated.
Aurelio Cano Flores (born 3 May 1972), commonly referred to by his aliases Yankee and/or Yeyo, is an imprisoned Mexican drug trafficker and former high-ranking leader of the Gulf Cartel, a Mexican drug trafficking organization.
 He is also a former member of the Federal Judicial Police in Tamaulipas.
Serafín Zambada Ortiz (born 27 May 1990) is a United States-born Mexican drug trafficker and son of Ismael "El Mayo" Zambada, one of the top leaders of the Sinaloa Cartel.
 He is married to Karime Ellameli Torres Acosta, the daughter of the late Manuel Torres Félix ("The Crazy One"), another Sinaloa Cartel drug lord.
 Zambada Ortiz was active on social media, where he posted pictures of his extravagant lifestyle.
Héctor Manuel Sauceda Gamboa (died 17 February 2009), commonly referred to by his alias El Karis, was an alleged drug trafficker and high-ranking leader of the Gulf Cartel (Spanish: "Cártel del Golfo"), a Mexican drug trafficking organization.
 He was the brother of the drug lord Gregorio Sauceda Gamboa, another high-ranking drug trafficker who worked under the tutelage of Osiel Cárdenas Guillén, the former top leader of the cartel.
Rafael Cedeño Hernández is an imprisoned Mexican drug trafficker who was a high-level leader of La Familia Michoacana, a drug cartel based in the Mexican state of Michoacán.
 He was the successor of Alberto Espinoza Barrón, a drug trafficker who was arrested on 31 December 2008 by the Mexican authorities.
Joaquín Archivaldo Guzmán Loera (] ; born on 25 December 1954 or 4 April 1957) is a Mexican drug lord who headed the Sinaloa Cartel, a criminal organization named after the Mexican Pacific coast state of Sinaloa where it was formed.
 Known as "El Chapo" ("Shorty", ] ) for his 168 cm stature, he became Mexico's top drug kingpin in 2003 after the arrest of his rival Osiel Cárdenas Guillén of the Gulf Cartel, and was considered the "most powerful drug trafficker in the world" by the United States Department of the Treasury.
Eduardo Arellano Félix (born October 11, 1956) is a Mexican drug trafficker, brother of Benjamín, Ramón, Javier and sister Enedina, all drug traffickers.
 The Arellano-Félix Organization, also known as the Tijuana Cartel, has been responsible for countless murders and the smuggling of thousands of tons of marijuana, cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine for more than a decade.
 The DEA believes that the Arellano-Félix brothers were responsible for the numerous smuggling tunnels that were found in January 2006.
Adrián Gómez González was a Mexican drug trafficker and a Sinaloa Cartel drug lord.
Benjamín Arellano Félix (born 12 March 1952) is a Mexican drug trafficker and former leader of the Mexican criminal organization known as the Tijuana Cartel or 'Arellano-Félix Organization'.
