Nagpur Orangers is a tennis team representing the Indian city of Nagpur in Champions Tennis League.
 The players representing this team are Àlex Corretja, Feliciano López, Jelena Janković, Divij Sharan.
Jelena Janković (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелена Јанковић, ] , born 28 February 1985) is a Serbian professional tennis player.
 Janković is a former World No. 1 in singles, a ranking achieved preceding her finals appearance at the 2008 US Open.
 Janković's career highlights include winning the 2007 Wimbledon Mixed Doubles title with Jamie Murray, the 2010 Indian Wells Masters, the Internazionali BNL d'Italia twice, in 2007 and 2008, and the aforementioned appearance in the finals of the 2008 US Open.
 She is coached by her brother Marko.
Jelenin svet ("Jelena's World") is a 2008 independent documentary film written and directed by Tanja Brzaković, about former World No. 1 female tennis player, Jelena Janković.
Marat Mubinovich Safin (Russian: Мара́т Муби́нович Са́фин ; ] , Tatar: Марат Мөбин улы Сафин "Marat Möbin uğlı Safin" ; born 27 January 1980) is a Russian politician and retired professional tennis player.
 He achieved the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) world No. 1 singles ranking on November 20, 2000.
 Nobody taller than Safin has ever reached his world number-one ranking.
 Safin is the older brother of former world No. 1 WTA player, Dinara Safina.
 They are the first and only brother–sister tandem in tennis history who have both achieved No. 1 rankings.
 On court, Safin was famous for his emotional outbursts and sometimes fiery temper.
Rossana de los Ríos (born 16 September 1975) is a retired professional tennis player from Paraguay.
 She was born in the Paraguayan capital, Asunción, and now lives in Miami, USA, with her daughter Ana Paula Neffa de los Ríos and her husband Gustavo Neffa, a retired Paraguayan Association football player who played for Boca Juniors.
 Rossana achieved a career high singles ranking of No. 51 on 12 September 2001, and No. 52 in doubles on the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour.
 De los Ríos played doubles with Grand Slam champions such as Maria Sharapova, Svetlana Kuznetsova, Arantxa Sánchez Vicario, as well as Jelena Janković and Dinara Safina.
 Rossana is also a former world number one Junior player, having won the 1992 Roland Garros Juniors event.
 De los Ríos participated in six editions (1994, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2009 and 2010) of the Australian Open.
 She was the only female tennis representative for Paraguay in the 1992 and 2000 Olympic Games.
Jamie Murray and Jelena Janković were the defending champions, but Janković chose not to participate, and only Murray competed that year.
This is a list of the main career statistics of Serbian professional tennis player and former World No. 1, Jelena Janković.
 To date, Janković has won 15 WTA singles titles including four WTA Tier I singles titles, one WTA Premier Mandatory singles title and one WTA Premier 5 singles title.
 Janković was also the runner-up in singles at the 2008 US Open, a semi-finalist at the year-ending WTA Tour Championships in 2008, 2009 and 2013 and a quarterfinalist at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Hicham Arazi (Arabic: هشام أرازي‎ ‎ ; born 19 October 1973) is a former male tennis player from Morocco.
 He played professionally from 1993 to the end of 2007.
 The left-hander reached his career-high ATP Tour singles ranking of world No. 22 on November 5, 2001.
 During his career, Arazi captured one singles title, in Casablanca.
 "The Moroccan Magician" reached the quarter-finals of the Australian Open twice and the French Open twice.
 As well as the aforementioned nickname, some tennis analysts called him "The Moroccan McEnroe" due to his talent - he played with incredible touch, and often enjoyed the support of the crowd even when not at home.
 He led Patrick Rafter, winner of the US Open in 1997 and 1998, two sets to love during the first round of the latter tournament.
 In the third set he was upset with several line calls, telling umpire Norm Chryst to "get out of here", which sparked the beginning of Arazi's meltdown (and Rafter's comeback).
 During his career, he notably gained victories over former World No. 1s and Grand Slam champions Roger Federer, Andre Agassi, Yevgeny Kafelnikov, Marat Safin, Lleyton Hewitt, Juan Carlos Ferrero, Carlos Moyá and Jim Courier.
Jelena Janković and Katarina Srebotnik were the defending champions, but they chose not to compete together.
 Janković played alongside Klára Koukalová, but lost in the second round to Michaëlla Krajicek and Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová.
 Srebotnik teamed up with Květa Peschke, but lost in the second round to Chan Hao-ching and Chan Yung-jan.
<br>
Serbian tennis players Ana Ivanovic and Jelena Janković are both former world No. 1 and have met 12 times so far.
 Their overall head-to-head series is 9–3, in Ivanovic's favor.
 Janković is two years older than Ivanovic, so their paths connect them to play each other.
 They are the first female players to achieve major successes for independent Serbia.
