Every week during the NFL season, six finalists are chosen for the FedEx Air & Ground NFL Players of the Week award, 3 nominated as the FedEx Air player (a quarterback) and 3 nominated as the FedEx Ground player (a running back), online on NFL.com.
 At the end of the season, fans nominate from 3 finalists of each category the FedEx Air & Ground Players of the Year.
Caleb "Cal" Knight is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama "Casualty", played by actor Richard Winsor.
 He first appeared in the series twenty-eight episode "Brothers at Arms", broadcast on 18 January 2014.
 Winsor had previously auditioned for a role in "Casualty's" spin-off show "Holby City".
 Producers were impressed and recalled him to read for the part of Cal.
 Winsor's casting was announced alongside George Rainsford who was hired to play Cal's brother Ethan Hardy.
 The pair had to pass a screen test together as producers were looking for a strong sibling chemistry.
 Cal's role in the show is a Specialist registrar in emergency medicine.
 He was originally introduced as a locum.
 The medic is played as a lothario and womaniser type character.
 He can manipulate those around him with charm to better his career.
 Writers gave Cal a backstory detailing the difficult relationship with his father and brother.
 Despite having the same parents Cal and Ethan had different upbringings, which sets up a sibling rivalry.
 Their relationship has been important in the development of both characters.
 Executive producer Oliver Kent has called the character consistent because when faced with trauma, Cal gets drunk, sleeps with women and makes a fool of himself.
Avtaar is a 1983 film starring Rajesh Khanna and Shabana Azmi.
 It was directed by Mohan Kumar, and the music was by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 Rajesh Khanna did achieve success from "Amardeep" and "Prem Bandhan" onwards, but this was Rajesh Khanna's biggest hit film in terms of box office collections after his bad phase from 1976 to 1978.
 Avtaar was a commercial hit, and was critically acclaimed.
 It also earned several Filmfare nominations.
 However Rajesh Khanna missed the Best Actor award to Naseeruddin Shah for Masoom.
 In 1986 Mohan Kumar made Amrit with Rajesh Khanna in the lead as an old man but with different story line.
 Rajesh Khanna bagged All-India Critics Association (AICA) Best Actor Award for his performance in this film for the year 1983.
George Rainsford (born 31 July 1982) is an English actor, best known for his portrayal of Jimmy Wilson in the medical drama "Call the Midwife" and Ethan Hardy in "Casualty", for which he has been nominated for a Best Actor award in the 2017 TV Choice Awards.
Jean-Louis Xavier Trintignant (] ; born 11 December 1930) is a French actor, screenwriter and director who has enjoyed international acclaim.
 He won the Best Actor Award at the 1969 Cannes Film Festival as well as the Best Actor Award at the César Awards 2013.
Shabbir Jan is a Pakistani television actor who has appeared in many drama serials, such as Wafa, "Makan", "Andata", Survival of a Woman, "Zindagi Dhoop Tum Ghana Saya", "Umrao Jaan", "Jangloos" and "Shab e Gham" and individual play and serials.
 He won three times PTV best actor award.
 He has been a nominee once for the Best Actor award in the Lux Style Award, 2002.
 He has worked television for 33 years and still working.
Ethan Hardy is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama "Casualty", played by actor George Rainsford.
 He first appeared in the series twenty-eight episode "Bad Timing", broadcast on 11 January 2014.
 Rainsford's casting was announced alongside Richard Winsor who had been hired to play Ethan's brother Caleb Knight.
 The pair were described by the show's executive producer Oliver Kent as completely different characters who would change the dynamic on he "Casualty".
 Ethan is a Specialist registrar in emergency medicine and is an excellent medic who had worked hard to achieve his position in the profession.
 He is characterised as a shy, socially awkward person with a serious and attentive attitude.
 Throughout his inclusion in the show Ethan has shared an on-screen friendship with like minded Lily Chao (Crystal Yu).
 He has had romantic stories alongside the character Honey Wright (Chelsee Healey).
 Writers developed Ethan's relationship with his brother Cal into a sibling rivalry.
 This has provided both characters with dramatic stories.
The National Football League (NFL) regular season begins the weekend after Labor Day in early September and ends in December or early January.
 It consists of 256 games, where each team (32 total) plays 16 games during a 17-week period.
 Since 2012, the NFL schedule generally has games in one of five time slots during the week.
 A game played on Thursday night, kicking off at 8:25 PM (ET).
 The majority of games are played on Sunday, most kicking off at 1:00 PM (ET), some late afternoon games starting at 4:05 or 4:25 PM (ET).
 Additionally, one Sunday night game is played every week at 8:30 PM (ET).
 One Monday night game then starts at 8:30 PM (ET) every week with the exception of the first week of the regular season, in which two Monday night games are played back-to-back (the second game always occurring on the West coast), as well as the last week of the season, in which no Monday night game is held.
 In addition to these regularly scheduled games, there are occasionally games at other times, such as a Saturday afternoon or evening, or the annual Thanksgiving Day games in which three games are played.
 During the final week of the regular season, all games are held on Sunday.
Frederick George Peter Ingle Finch (28 September 191614 January 1977) was an English-born Australian actor.
 He is best remembered for his role as "crazed" television anchorman Howard Beale in the film "Network", which earned him a posthumous Academy Award for Best Actor, his fifth Best Actor award from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, and a Best Actor award from the Golden Globes.
 He was the first of two persons to win a posthumous Academy Award in an acting category, and coincidentally also the first of the two Australian actors to have done so, the other being Heath Ledger.
Vikram is an Indian Tamil film actor.
 After making his cinematic debut in the 1990 film "En Kadhal Kanmani", he acted in a series of small-budget Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films.
 It was Bala's tragedy film "Sethu" (1999) that established Vikram in the Tamil film industry.
 In the early 2000s Vikram appeared in a series of masala films—"Dhill", "Gemini", "Dhool" and "Saamy" all becoming commercially successful.
 During this period, Vikram performed diverse roles and received critical acclaim for his performances in "Kasi" and "Samurai".
 In 2003, Vikram's performance as an autistic gravedigger in "Pithamagan" won a lot of acclaim and secured his first National Film Award for Best Actor.
 His portrayal as an innocent man with multiple personality disorder in Shankar's "Anniyan" was commercially successful.
 The film also fetched him a Filmfare Best Actor Award.
 Vikram's portrayal as a tribal leader in Mani Ratnam's "Raavanan" saw him secure further acclaim.
 He is only the third actor to receive a National Film Award for Best Actor in the Tamil film industry.
 Vikram is known for his intense performances, with his work often fetching critical acclaim and commercial success.
 He has won a National Film Award and seven Filmfare Awards South, of which five are Best Actor awards.
