The Rolls-Royce RB.37 Derwent is a 1940s British centrifugal compressor turbojet engine, the second Rolls-Royce jet engine to enter production.
 Essentially an improved version of the Rolls-Royce Welland, itself a renamed version of Frank Whittle's Power Jets W.2B, Rolls inherited the Derwent design from Rover when they took over their jet engine development in 1943.
 Performance over the Welland was somewhat increased and reliability dramatically improved, making the Derwent the chosen engine for the Gloster Meteor and many other post-World War II British jet designs.
The Rolls-Royce RB.80 Conway was the first by-pass engine (or turbofan) in the world to enter service.
 Development started at Rolls-Royce in the 1940s, but it was used only briefly in the late 1950s and early 1960s before other turbofan designs were introduced that replaced it.
 The Conway powered versions of the Handley Page Victor, Vickers VC10, Boeing 707-420 and Douglas DC-8-40.
 The name "Conway" is the English spelling of the River Conwy, in Wales, in keeping with Rolls' use of river names for gas turbine engines.
The River Welland is a lowland river in the east of England, some 65 mi long.
 It drains part of the Midlands eastwards to The Wash.
 The river rises in the Hothorpe Hills, at Sibbertoft in Northamptonshire, then flows generally northeast to Market Harborough, Stamford and Spalding, to reach The Wash near Fosdyke.
 It is a major waterway across the part of the Fens called South Holland, and is one of the Fenland rivers which were laid out with washlands.
 There are two channels between widely spaced embankments with the intention that flood waters would have space in which to spread while the tide in the estuary prevented free egress.
 However, after the floods of 1947, new works such as the Coronation Channel were constructed to control flooding in Spalding and the washes are no longer used solely as pasture, but may be used for arable farming.
The River Chater is a river in the East Midlands of England.
 It is a tributary of the River Welland, and is about 12 mi long.
The Rolls-Royce Corniche is a two-door, four-seater luxury car with a cabriolet body, made in the United Kingdom from 2000 to 2002.
 Rolls-Royce's flagship car, it was the fifth model to bear the Corniche name on its debut in January 2000.
 At the time of its release, it was the most expensive vehicle offered by Rolls-Royce, with a base price of US$359,900.
 Styling cues were taken from the Rolls-Royce Silver Seraph sedan, but it shares little mechanically with that BMW-engined car.
 Instead, the Corniche's body was set onto the older platform used for the similarly-styled Bentley Azure, making it the first and only Rolls-Royce descended from a Bentley rather than the other way around.
HMS "Welland" was a Yarrow-built River-class destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1902 – 1903 Naval Estimates.
 Named after the River Welland that drains into the Wash on the English east coast, she was the first ship to carry this name in the Royal Navy.
The Rolls-Royce RB.23 Welland was Britain's first production jet engine.
 It entered production in 1943 for the Gloster Meteor.
 The name Welland is taken from the River Welland, in keeping with the Rolls-Royce policy of naming early jet engines after rivers based on the idea of continuous flow, air through the engine and water in a river.
The River Gwash, a tributary of the River Welland, flows through the English counties of Leicestershire, Rutland and Lincolnshire.
 It rises just outside the village of Knossington in Leicestershire, near the western edge of Rutland.
 It is about 20 mi long.
The Rolls-Royce Turbomeca Adour is a two-shaft low bypass turbofan aircraft engine developed by Rolls-Royce Turbomeca Limited, a joint subsidiary of Rolls-Royce (UK) and Turbomeca (France).
 The engine is named after the Adour, a river in south western France.
Weston by Welland is a village and civil parish in the north of the English county of Northamptonshire administered as part of the borough of Kettering.
 As its name suggests, it is near to the River Welland that, thereabouts, forms the boundary with the county of Leicestershire.
 The Wheel & Compass pub stands on the village's outskirts.
 At the time of the 2001 census, the parish's population was 141 people, including Sutton Bassett and increasing to 246 at the 2011 Census.
