The London Howlin' Wolf Sessions is an album by blues musician Howlin' Wolf released in 1971 on Chess Records, and on Rolling Stones Records in Britain.
 It was one of the first super session blues albums, setting a blues master among famous musicians from the second generation of rock and roll, in this case Eric Clapton, Steve Winwood, Charlie Watts, and Bill Wyman.
 It peaked at #79 on the "Billboard" 200.
"What's in Our Heart" is a song written by George Jones and Johnny "Country" Mathis.
 It was recorded and released as a B-side duet by American country artists George Jones (the song's co-writer) and Melba Montgomery.
 It was recorded at the Columbia Recording Studio, located in Nashville, Tennessee, United States on May 23, 1963.
 The recording date was the second session that took place between Jones and Montgomery.
 Other songs included on the session were "Let's Invite Them Over", "Suppose Tonight Would Be Our Last", and "I Let You Go".
 The recording session included The Nashville A-Team of musicians, whom appeared on other recordings by the pair.
 The session was produced by Pappy Daily.
 "What's in Our Heart" was issued as the B-side to the pair's 1963 single "Let's Invite Them Over".
 The song received radio airplay and reached the twentieth position on the "Billboard Magazine" Hot Country Singles list.
 It became the duo's third major hit single together.
The term "M-Base" is used in several ways.
 In the 1980s, a loose collective of young African-American musicians including Steve Coleman, Graham Haynes, Cassandra Wilson, Geri Allen, Robin Eubanks, and Greg Osby emerged in Brooklyn with a new sound and specific ideas about creative expression.
 Using a term coined by Steve Coleman, they called these ideas "M-Base-concept" (short for "macro-basic array of structured extemporization") and critics have used this term to categorize this scene’s music as a jazz style.
 But Coleman stressed "M-Base" doesn’t denote a musical style but a way of thinking about creating music.
 As famous musicians did in the past, he also refuses the word "jazz" as a label for his music and the music tradition represented by musicians like John Coltrane, Charlie Parker, Louis Armstrong, etc.
 However, the musicians of the M-Base movement, which also included dancers and poets, strived for common creative musical languages, so their early recordings show a lot of similarities reflecting their common ideas, the experiences of working together, and their similar cultural background.
 To label this kind of music, jazz critics have established the word "M-Base" as a jazz style for lack of a better term, distorting its original meaning.
Xiądz is the eighth EP by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.
 It was released on November 1, 2014, through New Aeon Musick in a limited edition of 2000 copies; all copies were hand numbered by the band.
 The EP features three tracks, including "Nieboga Czarny Xiądz" from "The Satanist" recording session, "Towards the Dying Sun We March" from "Evangelion" recording session, along with re-recorded "Moonspell Rites", originally released in 1994 on "And the Forests Dream Eternally" EP.
 The title is of the old Polish language that translates to 'Priest'.
"Blue Gangsta" is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson.
 The song is the 7th track of Jackson's second posthumous album "Xscape".
 the song was originally written, composed and produced by Jackson and Dr. Freeze during the "Invincible" album recording session in 1998.
 The song was re-tooled by Timbaland and Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon during the recording session in 2013-2014 of the "Xscape" album.
Willie Weeks (born August 5, 1947) is an American bass guitarist.
 He has gained fame performing with famous musicians in a wide variety of genres.
 He has been one of the most in-demand session musicians throughout his career.
 Weeks has also gained notoriety touring with many of rock's heavyweights throughout his career.
 In 2006–2007 he was most visible as the chosen bassist for Eric Clapton's house band, during his world tour with the Crossroads Guitar Festival.
A pickup group is a group of professional musicians, which may be session musicians who are hired to play for a limited time period—ranging from a single concert or sound recording session to several weeks of shows—before disbanding.
 Pickup groups are formed to play in pit orchestras for musical theatre performances, operas, or operettas, accompany jazz singers or instrumental soloists, and act as a temporary backup band for a pop singer for a tour.
 As well, pickup groups are hired to perform at social events such as weddings or holiday parties.
 The size of these ensembles ranges from a three- or four-member rock ensemble or jazz group (e.g., a rhythm section, organ trio or backing band) or classical chamber ensemble (e.g., a string quartet) to a 20-piece jazz big band, a 20-27 member pit orchestra for a Broadway musical or a 30-100 member orchestra.
Crypt Style is the second official album by the group The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, and was first released in 1992 on CD in Japan on the "1+2" label.
 It was later released with an abbreviated track listing on CD in Germany, and as an LP in the US, both in 1993 under the Crypt label.
 The album tracks were recorded in two different sessions.
 The first come from a recording session with Kramer in July 1991, and followed by a recording session with Steve Albini in November and December 1991.
Million Dollar Quartet is a jukebox musical written by Floyd Mutrux and Colin Escott.
 It dramatizes the Million Dollar Quartet recording session of December 4, 1956, among early rock and roll/country stars who recorded at Sun studio in Memphis, which are Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash and Carl Perkins, and newcomer Jerry Lee Lewis.
 The musical opened on Broadway in 2010, after several tryouts and regional productions, and spawned a 2011 West End production.
"Skin Up Pin Up" and "Flourella" are two songs by the English alternative rock band Mansun.
 The songs were written and produced by band-leader Paul Draper.
 "Skin Up Pin Up" was recorded in London during the group's first recording session and "Flourella" during the group's second recording session in Ewloe, North Wales.
 The single was released as a double a-side on white 7" vinyl and CD and charted at #91 on the UK Singles Chart.
