Barnens brevlåda (""The Children's Letterbox"") was a Swedish children's radio programme, led by Sven Jerring.
 It aired totally 1 785 times, between 11 September 1925 and 1972, making it the longest-lasting Swedish radio programme of that time.
 The record was broken on 14 November 1999 by the programme "Smoke Rings".
Capital Gains was a radio programme that originally aired from 1994 to 1997.
 There were nine half-hour episodes and it was broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
 It starred Peter Jones and Justine Midda.
Media Network was the name of a weekly radio programme broadcast on Radio Netherlands Worldwide from 7 May 1981 until 26 October 2000.
 When the programme began the station was known as Radio Nederland, but was renamed Radio Netherlands shortly thereafter.
 The programme concentrated on communications topics with particular reference to international shortwave broadcasting, but also went on to cover mediumwave and longwave, television, satellite, internet, reviews of shortwave receivers and other electronic devices.
 It was produced and presented by Jonathan Marks.
 In the course of 1994, he was joined by colleague Diana Janssen, who was working as a media researcher at the station, who co-hosted the show until shortly before its end.
 Media Network ran for over 1000 editions.
Clive Anderson's Comedy Revolutions was a radio programme that originally aired from June 2004 to December 2005.
 There were 12 half-hour episodes and it was broadcast on BBC Radio 2.
 It starred Clive Anderson.
Booked!
 was a radio programme that originally aired from October 1995 to April 2000.
 There were thirty 35-minute episodes and it was broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
 It starred Ian McMillan, Mark Thomas, David Stafford, Stuart Maconie, Linda Smith, Dillie Keane, Miles Kington, and Roger McGough.
Cashcows was a short-lived radio programme that originally aired in September 2005.
 There were five half-hour episodes and it was broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
 It starred Joanna Kanska, Susan Jameson, Elizabeth Spriggs, Adjoa Andoh, and Colleen Prendergast.
Bearded Ladies is a radio programme that was originally aired on BBC Radio 4 between 2003 and 2007.
 There are currently 22 half-hour episodes; although the last 6, aired in 2007, do have a loose narrative structure holding the individual sketches together, it is essentially a sketch-driven comedy programme.
 It stars Oriane Messina, Fay Rusling, Charlotte MacDougall, and Susie Donkin.
Mixing It was a radio programme showcasing experimental music.
 Its original remit was to showcase "crossover" music that blurred the established boundaries between genres.
 It was originally broadcast as a weekly radio programme on BBC Radio 3 but was axed in 2007 when controller Roger Wright announced a revamped schedule.
Europe Today was a daily radio news show on the BBC World Service about public affairs throughout Europe, broadcast at 17:00 GMT every weekday.
 The first presenters, in 1991, were Andreas Gebauer and Ruth Hogarth.
 Other presenters were Teresa Guerreiro, Liliane Landor and James Coomarasamy.
 The programme was presented by Audrey Carville from 2004 - 2009.
 The last programme was presented by Paul Henley on 25 March 2011.
 Originally a 30-minute programme broadcast four times a day to Europe (three morning programmes and one in the evening), it gradually morphed into a one-hour programme broadcast in the evening, broadcast worldwide and with a wider, global focus.
 The "Irish Times" described the programme as "an informative and entertaining look at the day’s events on the continent" In 2008, William Horsely called it "perhaps [the] best daily radio programme on European affairs."
Stuart Maconie (born 13 August 1960) is an English radio DJ and television presenter, writer, journalist, and critic working in the field of pop music and popular culture.
 He is currently a presenter on BBC Radio 6 Music, where he hosts an afternoon show five times a week (Monday–Friday, 1pm–4pm), alongside Mark Radcliffe, called "Radcliffe & Maconie", which broadcasts from the BBC's MediaCityUK in Salford, Greater Manchester.
 The pair had previously presented an evening show on BBC Radio 2.
