Florence Nightingale (1820–1910), considered the founder of educated and scientific nursing and widely known as ""The Lady with the Lamp"", wrote the first nursing notes that became the basis of nursing practice and research.
 The notes, entitled "Notes on Nursing: What it is, What is not" (1860), listed some of her theories that have served as foundations of nursing practice in various settings,including the succeeding conceptual frameworks and theories in the field of nursing.
 Nightingale is considered the first nursing theorist.
 One of her theories was the Environmental Theory, which incorporated the restoration of the usual health status of the nurse's clients into the delivery of health care—it is still practiced today.
Sheila Ellen Blumstein (born 1944) served as the interim president of Brown University after Gordon Gee departed and before Ruth Simmons took the position.
 Although Dr. Simmons is deemed the first female president of the university, Dr. Blumstein's portrait hangs in Sayles Hall along with those of past presidents.
 She traditionally works in the Department of Cognitive and Linguistic Sciences.
 She earned her doctorate from Harvard University.
Harriet Patience Dame (January 5, 1815 – April 24, 1900), was a prominent nurse in the American Civil War.
 Her portrait hangs in the New Hampshire State House.
Eleanor Calvert Custis Stuart (1757/1758 – September 28, 1811) was a prominent member of the Calvert family of Maryland.
 Upon her marriage to John Parke Custis, she became the daughter-in-law of Martha Dandridge Custis Washington and the stepdaughter-in-law George Washington.
 Her portrait hangs today at Mount Airy Mansion in Rosaryville State Park, Maryland.
Wallace Triplett (born April 18, 1926) is a former professional American football player, the first African-American to be drafted by and play for a National Football League team.
 For that reason, his portrait hangs in the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.
Robert Richenburg (July 14, 1917 – October 10, 2006 in East Hampton, New York) was an abstract expressionist artist based in New York City, whose paintings were widely acclaimed in the 1950s and 1960s.
 While a student of Hans Hofmann, Richenburg exhibited at the Museum of Non-Objective Painting (later the Guggenheim) in 1950.
 The following year, he participated in the historic Ninth Street Art Exhibition, and subsequently taught at Pratt Institute along with Franz Kline, Adolph Gottlieb, Jack Tworkov, Philip Guston, Milton Resnick and Tony Smith.
 By 1961, critic Irving Sandler declared that "Richenburg emerges as one of the most forceful painters on the New York Art Scene."
 The Whitney Museum, the Museum of Modern Art and the Philadelphia Museum of Art, among others, purchased his work.
Louis van Praag CBE (1926–1993) was a British fashion and industrial designer, described as an influence on a generation of British designers from the 1960s onward.
 Van Praag played a major role in the development of design education in Britain over several decades.
 A lecturer at the capital's Royal College of Art, he was made chairman of the British government's Committee for Managing Design, and awarded the 1989 Bicentenary Medal by the Royal Society of Arts.
 His portrait hangs in Britain's National Portrait Gallery.
The Ossolineum or the National Ossoliński Institute (Polish: "Zakład Narodowy im.
 Ossolińskich" , ZNiO) is a non-profit foundation located in Wrocław, Poland since 1947, and subsidized from the state budget.
 It was founded in 1817 by Józef Maksymilian Ossoliński of the Topór coat of arms, politician, writer and researcher who devoted his life to building and cataloguing an extremely rich library collection, the second in the country when it comes to size after the Jagiellonian Library of Kraków.
 The history of Ossolineum goes back to the foreign Partitions of Poland in the 19th century.
 The institute along with its library was built intentionally as one of the most important national and Polish cultural institutions at a time when the sovereign Poland could not exist.
 It first opened its doors to the public in 1827, in Lwów (now "Lviv", Ukraine).
Margaret (Mary) Willie Arvin ( April 21, 1879 – September 9, 1947) was a nurse from Henderson, Kentucky who served in the First World War in France at a British Army Hospital, and was one of the few women who was honored by all three of the major allied countries, France, Britain and the United States.
 Arvin was the most decorated Kentucky woman veteran serving in World War I.
 She was awarded the British Royal Red Cross (2nd Associate) Medal, the U. S. Army citation for exceptionally meritorious and conspicuous service (later exchanged for a Purple Heart), and the French Croix de guerre.
 Arvin was one of the first women to earn a Purple Heart.
 In 2006, Arvin was honored by the Kentucky Women Remembered and her portrait hangs in an exhibit at the Kentucky State Capital Rotunda.
Mary O'Connell (better known as Sister Anthony, S.C.) (1814 – December 8, 1897) was an Irish immigrant to the United States, who became a Roman Catholic Religious Sister.
 A Sister of Charity of Cincinnati, she served with distinction as a nurse on the front lines of the American Civil War.
 Her work with the wounded and in health care in general caused her to be known as "the angel of the battlefield" and "the Florence Nightingale of America."
 Her portrait hangs in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC.
