Frank Steer (January 12, 1901 - March 7, 2006) was, at age 105, one of the last surviving American veterans of the First World War.
 Steer joined the United States Army at age 17 in 1918.
 He was sent to France in July 1918, and served on the Western Front against the Germans.
 Steer saw action at the battle of the Meuse-Argonne Offensive.
 After the war, he stayed in the army and served in the Second World War as a major appointed Provost Marshal of Hawaii during its period under martial law.
 Among his duties was the oversight of the prostitutes who serviced visiting soldiers and sailors.
 Steer eventually retired from service in 1945 as a colonel after serving 27 years.
 He served in both world wars and was therefore an honorary soldier of the United States Army.
 In 1959, Steer moved to Hawaii after it had become a part of the Union, and lived there for the rest of his life.
 He died at age 105.
The Meuse-Argonne Offensive, also known as the Maas-Argonne Offensive and the Battle of the Argonne Forest, was a major part of the final Allied offensive of World War I that stretched along the entire Western Front.
 It was fought from 26 September 1918 until the Armistice of 11 November 1918, a total of 47 days.
 The Meuse-Argonne Offensive was the largest in United States military history, involving 1.2 million American soldiers.
 It was one of a series of Allied attacks known as the Hundred Days Offensive, which brought the war to an end.
 The battle cost 28,000 German lives and 26,277 American lives.
 It was the largest and bloodiest operation of World War I for the American Expeditionary Force (AEF), which was commanded by General John J. Pershing, and one of the deadliest battles in American history.
 American losses were exacerbated by the inexperience of many of the troops, and tactics used during the early phases of the operation.
The Dnieper–Carpathian Offensive, also known in Soviet historical sources as the liberation of right-bank Ukraine, fought from 24 December 1943 – 14 April 1944, was a strategic offensive executed by the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Ukrainian Fronts, along with the 1st Belorussian Front, against the German Army Group South, intended to retake all of the Ukrainian and Moldovian territories occupied by Axis forces.
 The operation brought the Red Army forces into Poland and Romania, completely destroyed 18 "Wehrmacht" and Romanian divisions, and reduced another 68 to below half of their establishment strength.
Grace D. Banker (October 25, 1892 – September 17, 1960) was a telephone operator who served during World War I (1917–1918) as Chief Operator of mobile for the American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) in the U.S. Army Signal Corps.
 She led thirty-three women telephone operators known popularity as Hello Girls.
 They were assigned in New York to travel to France to operate telephone switch boards at the war front in Paris, and at Chaumont, Haute-Marne.
 They also operated the telephone switch boards at First Army headquarters at Ligny-en-Barrois, about 5 mi to the south of Saint-Mihiel, and later during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive.
 After her return to civilian life, Banker and her team members were treated as citizen volunteers and initially not given recognition as members of the military.
 In 1919, Banker was honoured with the Distinguished Service Medal for her services with the First Army headquarters during the St. Mihiel and Meuse-Argonne Offensives, with a commendation.
The Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery and Memorial is a 130.5 acre World War I cemetery in France.
 It is located east of the village of Romagne-sous-Montfaucon in Meuse.
 The cemetery contains the largest number of American military dead in Europe (14,246), most of whom lost their lives during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive and were buried there.
 The cemetery consists of eight sections behind a large central reflection pool.
 Beyond the grave sections is a chapel which is decorated with stained glass windows depicting American units' insignias.
 Along the walls of the chapel area are the tablets of the missing which include the names of those soldiers who fought in the region and in northern Russia, but have no known grave.
 It also includes the Montfaucon American Monument.
 This cemetery is maintained by the American Battle Monuments Commission.
 It is open daily to the public from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
 The cemetery is closed January 1 and December 25, but is open on all other holidays.
The Battle of Canal du Nord was part of a general Allied offensive against German positions on the Western Front during the Hundred Days Offensive of World War I.
 The battle took place in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France, along an incomplete portion of the Canal du Nord and on the outskirts of Cambrai between 27 September and 1 October 1918.
 To avoid the risk of having extensive German reserves massed against a single Allied attack, the assault along the Canal du Nord was undertaken as part of a number of closely sequenced Allied attacks at separate points along the Western Front.
 It began one day after the Meuse-Argonne Offensive, one day before an offensive in the Flanders region of Belgium and two days before the Battle of St. Quentin Canal.
The American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) was the expeditionary force of the United States Army during World War I.
 It was established on July 5, 1917, in France under the command of General John J. Pershing.
 During the United States campaigns in World War I it fought alongside the French Army, British Army, and Canadian Army on the Western Front, against the German Empire.
 A minority of the AEF troops also fought alongside the Italian Army in that same year, against the Austro-Hungarian Army.
 The AEF helped the French Army on the Western Front during the Aisne Offensive (at the Battle of Château-Thierry (1918) and Battle of Belleau Wood) in the summer of 1918, and the AEF fought its major actions in the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and the Meuse-Argonne Offensive in the latter part of 1918.
Brigadier General Edward Sigerfoos (December 14,1868-October 7, 1918) was a senior United States Army officer.
 From 1891 to 1918, his military service included a number of assignments in the continental United States, Cuba, the Philippines, China, and France.
 He saw active service in the Philippine-American War and World War I.
 While in France in 1918, he was nominated by President Woodrow Wilson for promotion to Brigadier General.
 During the Meuse-Argonne Offensive, he was wounded mortally and died shortly before the United States Senate confirmed his nomination.
 He was promoted posthumously and was the only American general to have been killed in combat during the war.
General Noël Marie Amédée Garnier-Duplessix (sometimes Duplessis) was a French army officer.
 Whilst still a colonel he commanded the 2nd Infantry Division in the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne before seeing service in the Zaian War in the French protectorate of Morocco.
 Garnier-Duplessix returned to France in October 1916 and received command of the 37th Infantry Division for the 15 December offensive of the Battle of Verdun and the Nivelle Offensive of April 1917.
 He received command of the 9th Army Corps in June 1918 and led that unit to victory in the August Battle of Amiens and the autumn Meuse-Argonne Offensive.
 After the war he was posted to Cilicia in the Franco-Turkish War of 1920-1 where he argued against early withdrawal of troops following the March 1921 Cilicia Peace Treaty.
Hart Goodloe (January 31, 1875 - March 21, 1954) was a surgeon in the First World War who served at Saint-Mihiel and the Meuse-Argonne Offensive.
 Hart Goodloe was born in Danville, Kentucky in 1875.
 He is a graduate of University of Louisville's School of Medicine and a member of Phi Chi Medical Fraternity's Alpha Alpha-Gamma Chapter serving as Grand Presiding Senior (President) of the Grand Chapter from 1900 to 1901.
 On August 13, 1917 he enlisted in the U.S. Army at age 42.
 He was commissioned to the rank of major and was a surgeon in the army.
 By 1918 he was sent over to France and saw action at the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and Meuse-Argonne Offensive.
 He was discharged from service on March 18, 1919, and resided in St. Louis, Missouri.
 His war documents were destroyed in a fire at the St. Louis archives.
 He died at Veterans Hospital, Biloxi, Mississippi, on March 21, 1954 at age 79.
