The 180 mm gun S-23 (Russian: 180-мм пушка С-23 ) was a Soviet heavy gun of Cold War era.
 It was developed in the early 1950s, with the design based on naval guns.
 Its first public appearance was the 1955 May Day parade in Moscow.
 For some time, it was believed in the West that the S-23 was actually a 203mm weapon, and as a result it was often referred to as the 203 mm M1955 gun howitzer.
 However, after an example was captured in the Middle East during the 1970s this misconception was dispelled.
Anna Khachaturovna Aglatova (Russian: Анна Хачатуровна Аглатова ) is a Russian soprano singer who was born in Kislovodsk and by 2004 joined the singing department of the Gnessin State Musical College.
 Prior to it, she was a recipient of the "Sergei Leiferkus grant" from the Vladimir Spivakov Fund and in 2005 made her first public appearance at the Bolshoi Theatre.
 Her career there, have not started with ease since her father didn't want her to work for Bolshoi.
 In 2003, she was a recipient of the first prize at the Bella voce International Competition and the same year participated at both the Christmas Festival at Düsseldorf and the fourteenth annual Chaliapin Season at Mineralnye Vody.
 She also was a participant for "Irina Arkhipova Fund" and was a part of the Novosibirsk Opera and Ballet Theatre.
 There, in 2006, she sang the role of "Susanna" at the "The Marriage of Figaro" which was performed at the Moscow International Performance Arts Center and was directed by Tatjana Guerbaca while Teodor Currentzis was its conductor.
 In 2008 she became an All-Russian Festival winner, and next year became "Triumph prize" recipient.
Uncommon Law is a book by A. P. Herbert first published by Methuen in 1935.
 Its title is a satirical reference to the English common law.
 The book is an anthology of fictitious law reports first published in "Punch" as Misleading Cases in which Herbert explores, as he saw it, rather absurd aspects of the law, and upholds his civil liberties with the protagonist Albert Haddock, representing Herbert's point of view, taking many to court.
 It includes perhaps the best-known of these cases, "The Negotiable Cow".
 Herbert himself said "Albert Haddock made his first public appearance, in "Punch", in 1924.
 I have always understood that I invented him: but he has made some disturbing escapes into real life".
The Icelandic singer Björk made her first public appearance in 1976 on Radio One, an Icelandic radio station, singing "I Love to Love".
 She secured a deal with a record company through which she released her first solo album, "Björk", in 1977 when she was twelve years old.
Hotel Dusk: Room 215 is a point-and-click adventure game for the Nintendo DS.
 Originally announced on October 5, 2005 as "Wish Room", the game made its first public appearance on May 9, 2006 at that year's E3 convention.
 It was released in North America on January 22, 2007, before being released subsequently in other regions.
 The game supports the Nintendo DS Rumble Pak accessory.
 The game was later republished in 2008 as part of the Touch!
 Generations line of DS games.
 The game was developed by the now-defunct Cing.
 A sequel, "", was released in 2010 for the DS.
Q-Genz (formerly known as 小千金 Cute Princesses) is a 4-member girl group formed in 2005 by a Malaysian company called Wayang Tinggi (威揚).
 Their ages ranged from 4–5 years at debut.
 Their first public appearance was in Four Golden Princess's 11th Year Concert.
 They released their first album 送你一個大年糕 (English Translation:Give You A Big New Year Cake) under the group name 小千金.
 A fortune teller recommended their record company to change the group's name to 巧千金 for better luck and success.
 The group celebrate their 10th year as a group and was later renamed Q-Genz in 2015.
Miles is one of two official mascots of the Denver Broncos, an American football team in the National Football League (NFL).
 He was developed in the early 1990s and made his first public appearance at the 1995 Pro Bowl as a Team NFL Hero.
 Team NFL Heroes were a line of mascot-like characters created by NFL Properties; most of the characters only lasted a season or two but a handful ended up being adopted as official mascots by their respective teams, either immediately after the Team NFL Heroes project was canceled or years later with Miles being an example of the latter.
 Before the Broncos unveiled him as their official team mascot some changes to his appearance were made, such as changing his fur from orange to white and switching his jersey number from 0 to 00.
Rio Gebhardt (November 1, 1907 – June 24, 1944), was a German pianist, conductor and composer.
 He was born in Heilbronn, Germany.
 His parents made guest appearances in local variety shows.
 At age 4, he made his first public appearance.
 He studied with Kurt Weill.
 His younger brother, Ferry Gebhardt, a student of Edwin Fischer, was a concert pianist and later professor of piano at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg.
Vasko Vassilev (Bulgarian: Васко Василев ; born October 14, 1970 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian violin player.
 At age eight, he already had his first public appearance and released his first record with the Sofia Philharmonic Orchestra.
 At age 10 he began his studies on a government grant at the Central School of Music of Moscow Conservatory, especially designed for young talents.
 In 1987 he won his first International music competition in Paris, France.
 At age 23 he became the youngest Concertmaster ever of the Royal Opera House in London.
 In 2005 he made his debut as a conductor at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
 He also teaches Masterclasses for Violinists at the Royal College of Music and Trinity College of Music in London, and the Conservatory of Music in Spain.
 In 2010 he wrote an autobiography "Vasko @ 40".
 In 2011 he became a judge on the panel of the Bulgarian jury for the reality show "X factor".
Anna Nechaeva is Russian soprano singer who was born in Saratov and used attend its Conservatory in 1996.
 Later she was offered to perform the role of "Tatiana" in "Eugene Onegin" at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory and by 2003 became a soloist at the Saint Petersburg Opera where she continued her original role as well as other title roles in Giacomo Puccini's "Gianni Schicchi", Madama Butterfly, and "Suor Angelica".
 From 2008 to 2011 she became a soloist at the Mikhaylovsky Theatre where she performed roles of "Nedda" in "Pagliacci" and "Rachel" in "The Jews" as well as the title roles of "Rusalka" and of course "Tatiana" in "Eugene Onegin".
 In 2012, she made her first public appearance with Bolshoi Theatre where she sang in "The Enchantress" portraying "Nastasya" becoming soloist there the same year.
 After her debut, she performed such roles as "Iolanta" in an opera of the same name as well as "Liu" in "Turandot" and "Yaroslavna" in "Prince Igor".
