Eastview Mall, located in Victor, New York (near Rochester, New York) and managed by Mike Kauffman, is an upscale indoor shopping center owned and operated by Wilmorite Management Group, LLC.
Holland Park Avenue is a street located in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, in west central London.
 The street runs from Notting Hill Gate in the east to the Holland Park Roundabout in the west, forms a part of the old west road connecting London with Oxford and the west of England, and is designated part of the A402 road.
Westfield Whitford City is a major shopping center owned by the Westfield Group, which is located west of St. Mark's Anglican Community School in Hillarys, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.
 The center was built on the former Red Cattle Ridge site, located approximately 18 km north west of the Perth CBD on Marion Avenue.
 In 2006, the shopping center had an annual turnover of $395.4 million and approximately 7.2 million customer visits.
 The trade-area population surrounding the shopping location is about 224,410 and the total retail spending in trade area is $2.3 billion.
Holland Park West busway station is located in Brisbane, Australia serving the suburb of Holland Park West.
 It opened on 30 April 2001 when the South East Busway was extended from Woolloongabba to Eight Mile Plains.
The Royal Crescent is a Grade II* listed street in Holland Park, west London, England, consisting of two curved facing terraces in a crescent shape.
 The crescent is located on the north side of Holland Park Avenue, west of Addison Avenue, and to the east of the Holland Park Roundabout.
Patriot Place is an open-air shopping center owned by The Kraft Group.
 It is located in Foxborough, Massachusetts, built around Gillette Stadium, the home of the New England Patriots and New England Revolution.
Holland Park is a suburb of Brisbane, Australia.
 It is located 6 km south-east of the CBD, and borders Greenslopes, Coorparoo, Carina Heights, Mount Gravatt East and Holland Park West.
 It is mostly residential, with some commercial areas along Logan Road.
Bay Plaza Shopping Center is a shopping center on the south side of Co-op City, in the Bronx, New York.
 In addition to various department stores and shops, such as Macy's, JCPenney, Staples, Kmart and Old Navy, it has a multiplex movie theater, several restaurants, a fitness club, and some office space.
 It used to operate a Barnes and Nobles bookstore across the mall but was shut down.
 Constructed from 1987 to 1988 by Prestige Properties, the shopping center is located between Bartow and Baychester Avenues, just outside Sections 4 and 5 of Co-op City, on an open lot that from 1960 to 1964, was the site of Freedomland USA.
 The Bay Plaza Shopping Center is the largest shopping center in New York City.
 Since opening over 25 years ago, it has become extremely successful, the center claims to hold some of the highest performing stores on a per-square-foot basis for many national retailers.
Erikslund Shopping Center is a shopping center located next to highway E18 in Erikslund, Sweden.
 It opened in 2011 and was established by Ikano Retail Centres, with two anchor tenants on each end of the mall, IKEA and a City Gross supermarket.
 The shopping center has 80 stores and a total retail floor area of 80,000 m2 , with IKEA occupying almost half of the floor space.
The Shoppes at Parma, formerly known as Parmatown Mall, is a shopping mall located in Parma, Ohio, (being renovated to being an outdoor shopping mall, like Crocker Park) approximately 10 mi south of Cleveland.
 It is located at the southwest corner of State Route 3 and Ridgewood Drive in southern Cuyahoga County.
 It is anchored by J.C. Penney, Walmart and other stores.
 The mall opened as a shopping plaza in 1956 and was enclosed in the mid-1960s.
 Its original anchors were Higbee's (1967) and May Company (1960) Higbee's became Dillard's in 1992, and closed in 2000.
 A Cleveland Trust Bank branch located next to May Company opened in August, 1960 when the new May Company strip was added.
 The old Higbee's structure was demolished and replaced with a new Walmart in 2004.
 May Company became Kaufmann's in 1993 and Kaufmann's became Macy's in 2006.
 A Kresge also served as a fourth anchor store until it was closed in the early 1980s to make way for an expansion.
 Parts of the original plaza remain open-air, with Chuck E. Cheese's and Marc's as major tenants.
 It has about 50+ stores.
 The mall was renovated in the early 2000s.
 The mall is currently being renovated to be an outdoor shopping center, with the interior demolished for store fronts.
