Salim-Javed were a duo in the Indian film industry who worked for 24 films from 1971–1987 of which 20 were commercially and critically successful films.
 They worked together in 22 Bollywood movies and two Kannada films – Premada Kanike and Raja Nanna Raja.
 The duo, composed of Salim Khan and Javed Akhtar, made the writer's role popular with their names appearing in the posters of the films, and in some films they shared up to 25% of the profit.
 Their association lasted until 1982, when due to ego issues both decided to split after which Javed moved into writing lyrics for around 80 films and scripts for 20 films from 1981 till present times whereas Salim wrote for 10 scripts between 1983–1996.
 They worked on 2 movies like Zamana and Mr. India even after the split, only because these scripts were written earlier and made into film later after they split.
 During their time working together, the duo won six Filmfare Awards.
 Although the dilaogues from these movies are considered to be in Hindi, they mostly include vocabulary from Urdu, a register of the Hindustani language.
Salim-Javed, many a times described as "the most successful scripwriters of all-time", are also noted to be the first scriptwriters in Hindi films to achieve star status.
Shreya Ghoshal (born 12 March 1984) is an Indian playback singer.
 She has received four National Film Awards, six Filmfare Awards including five for Best Female Playback Singer, nine Filmfare Awards South for Best Female Playback Singer (two for Kannada, four for Malayalam, two for Tamil and one for Telugu), three Kerala State Film Awards and two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards.
 She has recorded songs for film music and albums in various Indian languages and has established herself as a leading playback singer of Indian cinema.
Jaane Pehchaane with Javed Akhtar is an Indian television Hindi entertainment show based on the Indian film industry that aired on the EPIC Channel.
 The show is hosted by the popular Bollywood lyricist, Javed Akhtar.
 In the show, Javed Akhtar explores the evolution of Bollywood characters.
 The show premièred on 8 July 2015 and aired twenty-six episodes of half-hour each.
Javed Ali (Hindi: जावेद अली , Urdu: ‎ , born 5 July 1982) is an Indian playback singer who has been singing in Hindi movies since the year 2000.
 In 2007 Javed Ali came into limelight for his song "Ek Din Teri Raahon Mein" from the film "Naqaab" and thereafter he sang "Jashn-e-Bahaaran" from Jodhaa Akbar, "Arziyan" from Delhi-6, "Kun Faya Kun" from Rockstar, "Guzarish" from Ghajini, "Aa Jao Meri Tamanna" from Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani, "Gale Lag Ja" from De Dana Dan, "Tu Hi Haqeeqat" from Tum Mile, "Tum Tak" from Raanjhanaa, Jab Tak Hai Jaan title track from the film Jab Tak Hai Jaan, Ishaqzaade title track from the film Ishaqzaade, "Galat Baat Hai" from Main Tera Hero, Daawat-e-Ishq film's Title Track, "Maula" from Wazir, Nagada Nagada from Jab We Met, "Tu Jo Mila" from Bajrangi Bhaijaan etc & many more.
 He is doing playback singing in various languages like Hindi, Bengali, Odia, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi and Assamese.
 He judged reality shows like Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs 2011 on Zee TV and Great Music Gurukul on Colors Bangla.
 Javed Ali Hosted Zee TV's Singing Reality Show Sa Re Ga Ma Pa 2012.
Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar (born in Bijapur, Karnataka) is a two-time National Award winning Indian classical singer who is active mostly in Marathi, Konkani and Hindi film Industry.
 She is known for her unique high-pitch singing and style which she has earned in Agra as well as Gwalior and Jaipur- Atrauli gharanas.
 Arati's performances are marked by her command over both rhythm and melody.
 She received her first National Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the Konkani film 'Anternaad', based on the life of a classical singer for the year 2006.
 She has also received Maharashtra State Award (best playback singer), V.Shantaram Award and Maharashtra Times Award for a Marathi Film De Dhakka (2008).
 Later in 2013, she was awarded with National Award for Best Female Playback singer for the second time for a Marathi movie, Samhita.
 She is married to Indian film actor Uday Tikekar.
 Her daughter Swanandi Tikekar who is in her mid-twenties dabbles in acting as well.
Sripathi Panditaradhyula Balasubrahmanyam (   ; born 4 June 1946) is an Indian film playback singer, actor, music director, voice actor and film producer.
 He is mostly referred to as S. P. B. or Balu.
 He has won the Guinness World Record for recording the highest number of songs.
 He has garnered six National Film Awards for Best Male Playback Singer, and twenty five Nandi Awards for his works towards Telugu cinema.
 In 2012, He received the Andhra Pradesh state NTR National Award for his contributions to Indian cinema.
Salman Akhtar (born 31 July 1946, Uttar Pradesh) is a psychoanalyst practicing in the United States.
 He is an author and Professor of Psychiatry and Human Behavior at Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia.
 He was born into a Muslim family in Khairabad, Uttar Pradesh to Jan Nisar Akhtar, a Bollywood film songwriter and Urdu poet, and singer Safia Akhtar, a teacher and writer.
 He is the brother veteran poet and film lyricist Javed Akhtar.
 His son Kabir Akhtar is an American television director and Emmy-nominated editor.
Shreya Ghoshal (born 12 March 1984) is an Indian playback singer.
 She has received four National Film Awards, six Filmfare Awards including five for Best Female Playback Singer, nine Filmfare Awards South for Best Female Playback Singer (two for Tamil, four for Malayalam, two for Kannada and one for Telugu), two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards and three Kerala State Film Awards.
 She has recorded songs for film music and albums in various Indian languages and has established herself as a leading playback singer of Indian cinema.
Javed Akhtar (born 17 January 1945) is an Indian poet, lyricist and screenwriter.
 Akhtar is a mainstream writer and some of his most successful work was carried out with Salim Khan as half of the script-writing duo credited as Salim-Javed between 1971 and 1982.
 He is a recipient of the Padma Shri (1999), Padma Bhushan (2007), the Sahitya Akademi Award as well as five National Film Awards.
Farhan Akhtar (born 9 January 1974) is an Indian film director, screenwriter, producer, actor, playback singer and television host.
 Born in Mumbai to screenwriters Javed Akhtar and Honey Irani, he grew up under the influence of the Hindi film industry.
 He began his career in Bollywood by working as an assistant director in "Lamhe" (1991) and "Himalay Putra" (1997).
