Two ships of the United States Navy have been named Belleau Wood, after the Battle of Belleau Wood near Château-Thierry in France.
The Battle of Belleau Wood (1–26 June 1918) occurred during the German Spring Offensive in World War I, near the Marne River in France.
 The battle was fought between the U.S. 2nd (under the command of Major General Omar Bundy) and 3rd Divisions along with French and British forces against an assortment of German units including elements from the 237th, 10th, 197th, 87th, and 28th Divisions.
 The battle has become a key component of the lore of the United States Marine Corps.
Clifton B. Cates (born Clifton Bledsoe Cates; August 31, 1893 – June 4, 1970) was a senior officer of the United States Marine Corps who served as the 19th Commandant of the Marine Corps from 1948 to 1951.
 He was honored for his heroism during World War I at the Battle of Belleau Wood, and in World War II for inspired combat leadership at the Battle of Iwo Jima.
 He is considered one of the most distinguished young officers of the Great War.
 Cates was one of the few officers from any branch of service to have commanded a platoon, a company, a battalion, a regiment, and a division each in combat.
Darel McKinney served in the United States Marine Corps during World War I.
 He would be awarded the Navy Cross and Distinguished Service Cross for his actions during the Battle of Belleau Wood.
The American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) was the expeditionary force of the United States Army during World War I.
 It was established on July 5, 1917, in France under the command of General John J. Pershing.
 During the United States campaigns in World War I it fought alongside the French Army, British Army, and Canadian Army on the Western Front, against the German Empire.
 A minority of the AEF troops also fought alongside the Italian Army in that same year, against the Austro-Hungarian Army.
 The AEF helped the French Army on the Western Front during the Aisne Offensive (at the Battle of Château-Thierry (1918) and Battle of Belleau Wood) in the summer of 1918, and the AEF fought its major actions in the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and the Meuse-Argonne Offensive in the latter part of 1918.
St Elmo Murray Haney (1898 - 1979) was a Master Gunnery Sergeant in the United States Marine Corps.
 As a veteran of many early campaigns in the Marine Corps, he was considered the epitome of the "old breed" Marine and a source of inspiration during the tough battles of the Pacific Campaign in World War II.
 Author Eugene Sledge described Haney as being, "everywhere at once, correcting mistakes and helping out".
 As one who fought in some of the most fiercest fighting of the time, he had the respect of the Marines.
 In World War I, he fought in the Battle of Belleau Wood with the 5th Marine Regiment.
 In 1930, between the wars, he was stationed in Shanghai and played in the outfield for the Fourth Marine Regiment Baseball Team.
 He also served in France, Nicaragua, Iceland and on the Amazon.
USS "Belleau Wood was a United States Navy "Independence"-class light aircraft carrier active during World War II in the Pacific Theater, from 1943 to 1945.
 The ship also served in the First Indochina War under French Navy temporary service as Bois Belleau".
The Battle of Norfolk was a tank battle fought on February 27, 1991, during the Persian Gulf War, between armored forces of the United States and United Kingdom, and those of the Ba'athist Iraqi Republican Guard.
 The primary participants were the U.S. 2nd Armored Division (Forward),1st Infantry Division (Mechanized), and the Iraqi 18th Mechanized and 9th Armoured Brigades of the Republican Guard Tawakalna Mechanized Infantry Division along with elements from eleven other Iraqi divisions.
 The 2nd Armored Division(Fwd) was assigned to the American 1st Infantry Division as its 3rd maneuver brigade due to the fact that one of its brigades was not deployed.
 The British 1st Armoured division was responsible for protecting the right flank of VII Corps.
 Its main adversary being the Iraqi 52nd Armored Division and multiple infantry divisions.
 It was the final battle of the war before the unilateral ceasefire took effect.
 Two more battles occurred at Objective Dorset and near the oil field at Rumaila after the ceasefire.
 The Battle of Norfolk has been recognized by some sources as the second largest tank battle in American history and the largest tank battle of the 1st Gulf War.
 No fewer than 12 divisions participated in the Battle of Norfolk along with multiple brigades and elements of a regiment.
 American and British forces destroyed approximately 750 Iraqi tanks and hundreds of other types of combat vehicles.
 This goes without even taking into consideration the destruction of two additional Republican Guard divisions at Objective Dorset by the 3rd Armored Division on 28 February 1991.
 During this action the 3rd Armored Division destroyed 250 enemy vehicles and captured 2,500 Iraqi soldiers.
 Over a decade passed after the conflict before quality references became available on most of the battles that took place during the 1st Gulf War.
 Many of the land battles during Operation Desert Storm were larger than the majority of the battles that took place in southern and western Europe during World War Two, at least as far as the quantity of equipment involved.
The Aisne-Marne American Cemetery and Memorial is a 42 acre World War I cemetery in Belleau, Northern France.
 It is at the foot of the hill where the Battle of Belleau Wood was fought, with many American fatalities.
 The cemetery also contains burials from the Battle of Château-Thierry, later that summer.
USS "Belleau Wood" (LHA-3), nicknamed "Devil Dog", was the second ship named after the Battle of Belleau Wood in World War I.
 Her keel was laid down on 5 March 1973 at Pascagoula, Mississippi, by Ingalls Shipbuilding.
 She was launched on 11 April 1977, and commissioned on 23 September 1978, with Captain T.C. Steele in command.
