Wallace Fitzgerald Beery (April 1, 1885 – April 15, 1949) was an American film actor.
 He is best known for his portrayal of Bill in "Min and Bill" opposite Marie Dressler, as Long John Silver in "Treasure Island", as Pancho Villa in "Viva Villa!
", and his titular role in "The Champ", for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor.
 Beery appeared in some 250 movies during a 36-year career.
 His contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer stipulated in 1932 that he would be paid $1 more than any other contract player at the studio, making him the highest paid actor in the world.
 He was the brother of actor Noah Beery Sr. and uncle of actor Noah Beery Jr.
Gordon Edelstein is the Long Wharf Theatre’s Artistic Director.
 In addition to his work on the world premiere of Athol Fugard’s "Have You Seen Us"?
, Mr. Edelstein directed and adapted Henrik Ibsen’s A Doll’s House in Long Wharf Theatre’s 2009-10 season.
 In addition, Edelstein directed "Coming Home" at Berkeley Rep and The Glass Menagerie starring Judith Ivey at Roundabout Theatre in New York City.
 His recent productions of Arthur Miller’s "The Price" and Anton Chekhov’s Uncle Vanya (which he also adapted) were on numerous best of 2007 lists including the Wall Street Journal.
 As a director, he has garnered three Connecticut Critics Circle Awards and during his tenure at Long Wharf Theatre, the theatre has produced world premieres by Paula Vogel, Athol Fugard, Craig Lucas, Julia Cho, Noah Haidle, Dael Orlandersmith, and Anna Deavere Smith.
 Over the course of his career, he has also directed and/or produced premieres by Philip Glass, Arthur Miller, Paula Vogel, Donald Margulies, James Lapine, Charles Mee, Mac Wellman, and Martin McDonagh, among many others, and has directed an extremely diverse body of work from Sophocles to Pinter, and from Shakespeare to Beckett.
 Under his artistic leadership, Long Wharf Theatre has received 14 additional Connecticut Critics Circle Awards, including six best actor or actress awards in plays that he directed.
 He was also given the organization’s Tom Killen Award, given annually to an individual who has made an indelible impact on the Connecticut theatrical landscape.
 Edelstein has directed countless plays and workshops for Long Wharf Theatre including the world premieres of BFE (transfer to Playwrights Horizons), The Day the Bronx Died (transfer to NY and London), A Dance Lesson, and The Times, as well as We Won’t Pay!
 We Won’t Pay!
, A New War, A Moon for the Misbegotten, Anna Christie, The Front Page, and Mourning Becomes Electra, starring Jane Alexander.
 Prior to assuming artistic leadership of Long Wharf Theatre, Edelstein helmed Seattle’s ACT Theatre for five years.
Joe Howard (born November 24, 1948) is an American actor known for his role as George Frankly on Square One TV's "Mathnet".
 Beyond seven years as George Frankly, a role for which he beat out Phil Hartman, he has a long career as a character actor.
 He is otherwise best known for his roles in "Grumpy Old Men" and "The World's Fastest Indian".
 Howard has also had a long career on stage.
 He is the father of actor Jeremy Howard.
Feng Feng (; 1 December 1916 – 16 February 2000) was a veteran Hong Kong actor.
 He began his career as a leading man in 1946.
 An accident in 1949 left the left side of his face paralysed, but, while no longer able to attract leading roles, he enjoyed a long career as a character actor, appearing in films alongside such stars as Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung.
 He was the father of Fung Bo Bo, a child star of the 1960s, and Fung Hak On, an actor known for playing villainous roles in several kung fu/action comedies of the 1970s and 1980s.
Paul Anthony Christie (born 1951) is an American voice actor.
 He was born and raised in Manhattan.
 Over his long career Paul has worked as an artist, writer, narrator, and comedian, as well as an voice actor.
 In the 70's Paul was a contributing editor for Crawdaddy magazine.
 In the 1980s he performed stand up in and around New York and was a founding member of the improvisational group The House Band.
 His graphic artwork was well known in New York through Kid Christie, the company he co-founded with Theresa Fiorentino.
 As a writer Paul co-wrote the albums "Midnight at the Lost and Found", and "Blind before I Stop" for the rock star Meatloaf.
 He is probably best known over the past 35 years as a voice artist.
 Over his career Paul has done thousands of commercials for clients including Chrysler, Dominoes, Pontiac, Canon, Calvin Klein and Budweiser.
 His award winning role as "Louie the Lizard" for Budweiser, became an advertising legend.
Norman Scott (1921 – September 22, 1968) was an American operatic bass.
 He had a long and fruitful association with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City from 1951 up until his death seventeen years later.
 His repertoire at the Met included well over 50 roles, and he gave a total of 927 performances at the house during his career.
 A talented actor with an excellent sense of comic timing, Scott excelled in playing secondary characters that were often humorous in nature.
 Although initially a comprimario singer, Scott was eventually given opportunities to tackle larger leading roles at the Met, and he spent much of his career at that house going back and forth between leading and secondary roles.
 Although Scott spent the majority of his career at the Met, he did occasionally perform with other opera companies both in the United States and abroad.
 A major personal triumph came in 1953 when he sang the title role in Béla Bartók's "Bluebeard's Castle" at the Holland Festival.
Rudolf Biebrach (1866–1938) was a German actor and film director.
 He directed over 70 films between 1909 and 1930; and he appeared as an actor in nearly 110 films between 1909 and 1938.
 In his youth, Biebrach had worked for some years as a engraver.
 He got his first engagement as an actor in Gießen during 1890/1891.
 After a long career as a stage actor, Biebrach managed to become a successful director and character actor in the German film during the 1910s.
 He directed many films with Henny Porten and Lotte Neumann.
M. L. Varghese (1960 – 3 February 2011), popularly known by stage name Machan Varghese, was a Malayalam film actor and mimicry artist.
 He started his career as a mimicry artist in Kalabhavan and debuted as an actor through "Kabooliwala".
 Thereafter he played many notable roles in Malayalam films, mainly as a comedian.
 His association with Siddique-Lal, Rafi-Mecartin and Lal Jose are particularly noted.
 Within a career of nearly two decades, he acted in over 100 films.
 Varghese died on 3 February 2011 in Kozhikode, after a long battle with cancer.
Lionel Brough (10 March 1836 – 9 November 1909) was a British actor and comedian.
 After beginning a journalistic career and performing as an amateur, he became a professional actor, performing mostly in Liverpool during the mid-1860s.
 He established his career in London as a member of the company at the new Queen's Theatre, Long Acre in 1867, and he soon became known for his roles in Shakespeare, contemporary comedies, and classics, especially as Tony Lumpkin in "She Stoops to Conquer".
Lyle Talbot (February 8, 1902 – March 2, 1996) was an American actor on stage and screen, best known for his long career in film from 1931 to 1960 and for his frequent appearances on television in the 1950s and 1960s.
 He played Ozzie Nelson's friend and neighbor, Joe Randolph, for ten years in the ABC situation comedy "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet".
 He began his movie career under contract with Warner Brothers in the early days of sound film.
 He appeared in more than 150 films, first as a young matinee idol and later as a character actor and star of many B movies.
 He was a founding member of the Screen Actors Guild and later served on its board.
 Talbot's long career as an actor is recounted in a book by his youngest daughter, "The New Yorker" writer Margaret Talbot, entitled "The Entertainer: Movies, Magic and My Father's Twentieth Century" (Riverhead Books 2012).
