Lost and Found: You've Got To Earn It (1962–1968) is a compilation album by The Temptations.
 Released by Motown Records in 1999, it includes twenty unreleased Temptations records alongside unreleased mixes of "Ain't Too Proud to Beg" and "You've Got to Earn It".
 Most of the songs were recorded during the group's "Classic 5" era with David Ruffin and Eddie Kendricks as lead singers, although there are some tracks present which were recorded with Ruffin's predecessor, Elbridge Bryant, in the lineup.
 There's also one track that was recorded with Ruffin's successor, Dennis Edwards.
"Snakes on a Plane (Bring It)", also referred to as "Bring It (Snakes on a Plane)", is the debut single by Cobra Starship, released in 2006 from the soundtrack album "".
 The song features William Beckett of The Academy Is..., Travie McCoy of Gym Class Heroes, and Maja Ivarsson of The Sounds.
She's a Machine!
 is the third studio album by Swedish electronic band Alice in Videoland, released in Sweden on 20 April 2008 by National Records.
 German pressings of the album include a bonus disc titled "A Different Perspective", which contains reworked versions of the songs on the original disc.
 The North American CD release includes a cover of the Guano Apes song "Open Your Eyes", as well as a single edit of "We Are Rebels" in which Maja Ivarsson's guest vocals have been removed and are instead sung by Toril Lindqvist.
Taelor Deitcher, (better known by his stage name Felix Cartal) is a Canadian DJ and EDM producer.
 He released his first EP "Skeleton" in 2009 once he signed with Dim Mak Records.
 Since then he has gone on to release two full-length albums, 2010's "Popular Music" and 2012's "Different Faces" and tour around the world with Wolfgang Gartner, MSTRKRFT, and Bloody Beetroots.
 Deitcher set the trend of collaborating with unpredictable vocalists in the dance scene such as Sebastien Grainger of Death from Above 1979, Maja Ivarsson of The Sounds and Johnny Whitney of The Blood Brothers.
Dennis Michael Locorriere (born June 13, 1949; Union City, New Jersey, United States) is the American former lead vocalist and guitarist of the soft rock group Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show, later Dr. Hook.
 He continues as a solo artist, session musician and songwriter.
John Poulos (born March 31, 1947) was the original drummer for The Buckinghams.
 He was a founding member of the Chicago area band in 1965.
 His mother Ann and his father John Sr.,were very proud of their youngest child in a family of solid Greek heritage.
 He graduated from Roosevelt High School in the Albany Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois in 1965.
 Lead guitar player Carl Giammarese lived only a few blocks away from John Poulos in the Albany Park neighborhood of Chicago.
 His nickname since his late teens was "Jon Jon".
John Poulos was the leader of a high school band in Chicago called "The Pulsations".
 He approached singers George LeGros and  Dennis Tufano who sang harmonies in an acapella group called The Darsals to come join his band,"The Pulsations".
 Local Chicago-area deejay and booking agent @ Willard - Alexander agency Carl Bonafede attests to the fact that Jon Jon personally recruited singers Dennis Tufano and his close friend George Legros at Gordon Tech high school to the band Jon Jon Poulos approached Carl Bonafede head deejay who spun records for Dan Belloc's dances at the Holiday ballroom about becoming the manager of John's high school band "The Pulsations".
 When USA Records released The Buckinghams from their contract, the band had a #1 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 charts with Kind of a Drag.
 The members voted to part ways with personal manager Carl Bonafede.
 Jon Jon Poulos and Dennis Tufano flew out to Los Angeles to meet with James William Guercio to seek management and a new record deal.
 The meeting with Guercio led to The Buckinghams signing a new record contract with Columbia Records.
 John went into the music management side of the music business after the Buckinghams agreed to part ways in 1970.
 John managed his fellow ex-Buckinghams Carl Giammarese and Dennis Tufano when they formed a duo called "Tufano & Giammarese".
 "When The Buckinghams broke up in 1970 and Nick departed for a career in R&B and Marty wanted to go a different direction, Dennis Tufano and Carl decided to form a duo, Dennis and Carl.
 We put together a demo CD, with the help of Peter Shelton and his wife, and John determined to manage us and find us a recording deal.
 Reaching for the stars, he reached a zenith: John brought us to Ode Records, where we signed with Lou Adler, became “Tufano and Giammarese” and spent 7 years of our career together."
 John Poulos managed several other Illinois bands, most notably a band from the Fox River Grove area called Boyzz from Illinois.
 He died of heart failure in his Chicago home just short of his 33rd birthday in 1980.
 Carl Bonafede maintains there never would have been a Buckinghams band if not for the commitment of Jon Jon Poulos.
 His love of music and dedication to the band was unique.
 He often shared discussion of the business side of music with "the Screaming Wildman".
 John had one child, a daughter, Polly who was born in September 1970.
Sev Lewkowicz (born 15 February 1951, London, England) is a musical composer, producer, arranger and keyboard player based in the United Kingdom.
 He has played and recorded with Mungo Jerry, Dennis Locorriere, Any Trouble, Tim Smit, Sarah Miles, Jeff Duff and Tony Clarke.
Maja Ivarsson, (] , born 2 October 1979) is a Swedish singer and lead vocalist of the Swedish indie rock band The Sounds.
Dying to Say This to You is the second studio album in English by Swedish new wave group The Sounds.
 It was released on 15 March 2006 in Sweden and 21 March 2006 in the United States.
 The album blends Swedish-influenced new wave music with a sassy and spunky delivery by vocalist Maja Ivarsson, reminiscent of Blondie.
 The cover depicts The Misshapes' DJ Leigh Lezark on the left and her friend Alexis Page on the right.
"Na jastuku za dvoje" (English translation: "On A Pillow For Two") was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in Serbian and English by Maja Tatić.
 The song is often attested as Fairytales About Love, however this is the title of the English translation and not the version performed on the night.
<br> For her Eurovision appearance, Maja wore a navy blue jacket and trousers, and was accompanied by two female backing singers / dancers- one on either side, including a blonde woman sporting a purple, waist-length dress.
