Dorothy Parker Drank Here Productions is the production company created in 1996 by Amy Sherman-Palladino to produce "Love and Marriage."
 The company also produced "Gilmore Girls", "The Return of Jezebel James", and "Bunheads".
 The name "Dorothy Parker Drank Here" is tribute to writer Dorothy Parker, a major influence on Palladino.
Maxine Kumin (June 6, 1925 – February 6, 2014) was an American poet and author.
 She was appointed Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1981–1982.
The Return of Jezebel James is an American sitcom television series, starring Parker Posey as a successful children's book editor who, unable to have children herself, asks her estranged younger sister (Lauren Ambrose) to carry her baby.
 The series was created by Amy Sherman-Palladino of "Gilmore Girls" fame, who also directed the pilot, and executive produced the show with her husband, Daniel Palladino.
 The show was produced by Regency Television and Dorothy Parker Drank Here Productions.
Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle is a 1994 American film scripted by screenwriter/director Alan Rudolph and former "Washington Star" reporter Randy Sue Coburn.
 Directed by Rudolph, it starred Jennifer Jason Leigh as the writer Dorothy Parker and depicted the members of the Algonquin Round Table, a group of writers, actors and critics who met almost every weekday from 1919 to 1929 at Manhattan's Algonquin Hotel.
Nothing Sacred is an American Technicolor screwball comedy film directed in 1937 by William A. Wellman, produced by David O. Selznick, and starring Carole Lombard and Fredric March.
 with a supporting cast featuring Charles Winninger and Walter Connolly.
 Ben Hecht was credited with the screenplay based on a story by James H. Street, and an array of additional writers, including Ring Lardner, Jr., Budd Schulberg, Dorothy Parker, Sidney Howard, Moss Hart, George S. Kaufman and Robert Carson made uncredited contributions.
The Fortean Society was started in the United States in 1931 during a meeting held in the New York flat of Charles Hoy Fort in order to promote the ideas of American writer Charles Fort.
 The Fortean Society was primarily based in New York City.
 Its first president was Theodore Dreiser, an old friend of Charles Fort, who had helped to get his work published.
 Founding members of The Fortean Society included Tiffany Thayer, Booth Tarkington, Ben Hecht, Alexander Woollcott (and many of NYC's literati such as Dorothy Parker), and Baltimore writer H. L. Mencken.
 Other members included Vincent Gaddis, Ivan T. Sanderson, A. Merritt, Frank Lloyd Wright and Buckminster Fuller.
 The first 6 issues of the Fortean Society's newsletter "Doubt" were each edited by a different member, starting with Theodore Dreiser.
 Tiffany Thayer thereafter took over editorship of subsequent issues.
 Thayer began to assert extreme control over the society, largely filling the newsletter with articles written by himself, and excommunicating the entire San Francisco chapter, reportedly their most active, after disagreements over the society's direction, and forbidding them to use the name Fortean.
 During World War II, for example, Thayer used every issue of "Doubt" to espouse his politics.
 Particularly, he frequently expressed opposition to Civil Defense, going to such lengths as encouraging readers to turn on their lights in defiance to air raid sirens.
 In contrast to the spirit of Charles Fort, he not only dismissed flying saucers as nonsense, but also dismissed the atomic bomb as a hoax.
Complete Stories is the collection of short stories by Dorothy Parker.
 It was published in 1995.
 It has an introduction by American professor and humorist Regina Barreca that brings up the conflicts between Parker and her critics.
Barbara Swan (1922–2003), also known by her married name, Barbara Swan Fink, was an American painter, illustrator, and lithographer.
 Her early work is associated with the Boston Expressionist school; later she became known for her still-life paintings in which light is refracted through glass and water, and for her portraits.
 She is also known for her collaboration with the poets Anne Sexton and Maxine Kumin, and for her archived correspondence with various artists and writers.
Smartish Pace is a non-profit, independent literary journal based in Baltimore, Maryland, USA.
 "Smartish Pace" was founded in 1999 by Stephen Reichert who was a University of Maryland School of Law student at the time.
 The name, "Smartish Pace", originates from a tort case in which a horse carriage, which was travelling at a smartish pace, ran over and killed a donkey.
 "Smartish Pace" has published poems by the following Pulitzer Prize winners: Natasha Trethewey, Claudia Emerson, Ted Kooser, Paul Muldoon, Yusef Komunyakaa, Carl Dennis, Stephen Dunn, Henry Taylor, Mary Oliver, Maxine Kumin, and Anthony Hecht.
 When referencing places Pulitzer Prize winner Claudia Emerson had published, "Newsweek" called the journal "obscure".
Frances Ann "Fran" Lebowitz (born October 27, 1950) is an American author and public speaker.
 Lebowitz is known for her sardonic social commentary on American life as filtered through her New York City sensibilities.
 Some reviewers have called her a modern-day Dorothy Parker.
