Fred Jackson (born June 9, 1950) is an American football coach and former player.
 He currently serves as the head football coach at Ypsilanti High School in Ypsilanti Township, Michigan.
 He was previously the running backs coach at the University of Michigan.
 In 2014, he was the longest tenured member of the Michigan Wolverines football coaching staff, having been with the program since 1992.
 Jackson served on the staffs of Gary Moeller, Lloyd Carr, Rich Rodriguez, and Brady Hoke.
 In addition to coaching running backs, Jackson served as Michigan's offensive coordinator (1995–1996), assistant head coach (1997–2002), and associate head coach (2003–2007).
 He was a finalist for the Broyles Award, given annually to the nation's top college football assistant coach, in 2000.
 After Michigan head coach Lloyd Carr retired following the 2007 season, Jackson was the only member of the coaching staff retained by Carr's successor, Rich Rodriguez.
 When Rodriguez was fired after the 2010 season, Jackson was the only member of Rodriguez's staff retained by his successor, Brady Hoke.
 Hoke and Jackson served as assistants together under Carr and Gary Moeller for a total of eight years including the 1997 national championship season.
Al McCoy (born April 26, 1933), sometimes nicknamed as The Voice of The Suns, is an American broadcaster and announcer.
 He has been the radio broadcast announcer for Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA) games since 1972, which makes him the longest tenured broadcaster in the NBA.
 In his entire tenure he has missed only one game due to illness (December 31, 2005 at the Chicago Bulls).
 With McCoy returning for the 2016–17 season, he officially marks as the longest tenured NBA broadcaster of all-time, beating out Chick Hearn throughout his tenure with the Los Angeles Lakers.
Gregg Charles Popovich (born January 28, 1949) is an American basketball coach who is currently the head coach of the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Taking over as coach of the Spurs in 1996, Popovich is the longest tenured active coach in both the NBA and all US major sports leagues.
 He is often referred to as "Coach Pop" or simply "Pop."
Thomas R. "Tom" Conrad (nicknamed "Tank" Conrad) was the head coach for the Delaware State Hornets and Winston–Salem State University Rams football programs.
 He compiled an overall record of 94–102–10.
 Jackson is the longest tenured head football coach in Winston–Salem State history and its all-time leader in wins.
 He is also responsible for Delaware State's only bowl win, a 7–6 Flower Bowl victory over Florida N&I.
The 2010–11 Dallas Mavericks season was the 31st season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The Mavericks won the NBA Championship after defeating the Miami Heat in 6 games in the 2011 NBA Finals.
 The Mavs playoff run came with a 6-game first round series against the Portland Trail Blazers, a series in which the Mavericks blew a 23-point lead in Game 4, but still won the series.
 In the conference semi-finals, the Mavericks run was motivated with a sweep of the champions of the previous two seasons, the Los Angeles Lakers.
 The series against the Lakers also became the birth of the Mavericks Royal Blue-Out games in the AAC, with almost all fans wearing T-shirts that read "The Time is Now".
 In the Western Conference Finals against the Oklahoma City Thunder, the Mavericks won the last 3 games winning by 4th quarter comebacks, to win their second Western Conference Championship, and a trip to the NBA Finals for the first time since 2006, with a rematch against the Heat.
 Following a disappointing Game 1, the Mavericks pulled the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history in Game 2 to even the series at 1 game each.
 After a loss in Game 3, the Mavericks won the last two games in Dallas to take a 3–2 series lead heading to Game 6 in Miami.
 The Mavericks won their first NBA Championship in Game 6 to clinch the first major sports championship in the Dallas-Fort Worth area since the Dallas Stars in 1999, and the first title in Mavericks franchise history.
 The Mavericks are the third team to win an NBA title in the state of Texas, joining the Houston Rockets and San Antonio Spurs.
 The Mavericks are also the third team to win a major sports championship in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, joining the Dallas Cowboys' five Super Bowl titles and the Dallas Stars' only Stanley Cup, leaving the Texas Rangers as the only team to not win a major sports title in the area, as they have not won the World Series.
 The Mavericks championship parade was held on June 16, 2011 in downtown Dallas.
Marvin Ronald Lewis (born September 23, 1958) is an American football coach who is the head coach of the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL).
 Lewis has held the position since January 14, 2003 and is currently the second-longest tenured head coach in the NFL behind Bill Belichick of the New England Patriots.
 He is also the longest tenured coach in Bengals history.
 Previously, he was the defensive coordinator of the Baltimore Ravens from 1996 to 2001, whose record-setting defense in 2000 helped them win Super Bowl XXXV 34-7 over the New York Giants.
Sports in the United States are an important part of the country's culture.
 Based on revenue, the four major professional sports leagues in the United States are Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Basketball Association (NBA), the National Football League (NFL), and the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Major League Soccer is sometimes included in a "top five" of leagues of the country.
 All four enjoy wide-ranging domestic media coverage and are considered the preeminent leagues in their respective sports in the world, although only basketball, baseball, and ice hockey have substantial followings in other nations.
 Three of those leagues have teams that represent Canadian cities, and all four are the most financially lucrative sports leagues of their sport.
 Soccer is the most popular sport in the United States after football, baseball, basketball and ice hockey, and soccer is the fastest growing sport in the country.
 Tennis, golf, wrestling, auto racing, arena football, field lacrosse, box lacrosse and volleyball are also popular sports in the country.
As one of the major sports leagues in North America, the National Basketball Association has a long history of partnership with television networks in the US.
 The League signed a contract with DuMont in its 8th season (1953–54), marking the first year the NBA had a national television broadcaster.
 Similar to NFL, the lack of television stations leads to NBC taking over the rights beginning the very next season until April 7, 1962 - NBC's first tenure with the NBA.
 After the deal expired, Sports Network Incorporated (later known as the Hughes Television Network) signed up for two-year coverage in the 1962–63, 1963–64 season.
 ABC gained the NBA in 1964, the network aired its first NBA game on January 3, 1965, but lost the broadcast rights to CBS after the 1972–73 season with the initial tenure ending on May 10, 1973.
 As the national broadcaster of the NBA, CBS aired NBA games from the 1973-74 until the 1989–90 season, during which the early 1980s is notoriously known as the tape delay playoff era.
Franklin Mitchell Beamer (born October 18, 1946) is a retired American college football coach, most notably for the Virginia Tech Hokies, and former college football player.
 Beamer was a cornerback for Virginia Tech from 1966 to 1968.
 His coaching experience began in 1972, and from 1981 to 1986 Beamer served as the head football coach at Murray State University.
 He then went on to become the head football coach at Virginia Tech from 1987 until his final game in 2015.
 He was one of the longest tenured active coaches in NCAA Division I FBS and, at the time of his retirement, was the winningest active coach at that level.
 Beamer remains at Virginia Tech in the position of special assistant to the athletic director, where he focuses on athletic development and advancement.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has been home to many teams and events in professional, semi-professional, amateur, college, and high-school sports.
 Philadelphia is one of twelve cities that hosts teams in all four major sports leagues in North America, and Philadelphia is one of just three cities in which one team from every league plays within city limits.
 These major sports teams are the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball, the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League, the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association and the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League.
 Each team has played in Philadelphia since at least the 1960s, and each team has won at least one championship.
 Since 2010, Philadelphia has been the home of the Philadelphia Union of Major League Soccer which plays in suburban Chester, Pennsylvania, making the Philadelphia market one of nine cities that hosts a team in the four major sports leagues and the MLS.
 Philadelphia hosts several college sports teams, including the Philadelphia Big 5 schools and Temple's Division I FBS football team.
 Many of these teams have fan bases in both Philadelphia and the surrounding Delaware Valley.
 In addition to the major professional and college sports, numerous semi-pro, amateur, community, and high school teams play in Philadelphia.
 The city hosts numerous sporting events, such as the Penn Relays and the Collegiate Rugby Championship, and Philadelphia has been the most frequent host of the annual Army-Navy football game.
 Philadelphia has also been the home of several renowned athletes and sports figures.
 Philly furthermore has played a historically significant role in the development of cricket and extreme wrestling in the United States.
