Somebody Up There Likes Me is a 1956 American drama film based on the life of middleweight boxing legend Rocky Graziano.
 Joseph Ruttenberg was awarded a 1956 Oscar in the category of Best Cinematography (Black and White).
 The film also won the Oscar for Best Art Direction (Cedric Gibbons, Malcolm F. Brown, Edwin B. Willis, F. Keogh Gleason).
 It was directed by Robert Wise.
Tom Cruise is an American actor and producer who made his film debut with a minor role in the 1981 romantic drama "Endless Love".
 Two years later he made his breakthrough by starring in the romantic comedy "Risky Business" (1983), which garnered Cruise his first nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
 In 1986, Cruise played a fighter pilot in the Tony Scott-directed action drama "Top Gun" (the highest-grossing film that year), and also starred opposite Paul Newman in the Martin Scorsese-directed drama "The Color of Money".
 Two years later he played opposite Dustin Hoffman in the Academy Award for Best Picture-winning drama "Rain Man" (1988), and also appeared in the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture-winning romantic drama "Cocktail" (1988).
 In doing so Cruise became the first and only person as of 2014 to star in a Best Picture Oscar winner and a Worst Picture Razzie winner in the same year.
 His next role was as anti-war activist Ron Kovic in the drama adaptation of Kovic's memoir of the same name, "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989).
 For his performance Cruise received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama and his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
Miami Undercover is an American crime drama series that aired in broadcast syndication from January to October 1961 for a total of 38 episodes.
 The series stars Lee Bowman and former Boxer Rocky Graziano.
Norman Gilliland has been a producer on Wisconsin Public Radio since 1984, where he hosts classical music broadcasts, produces the interview program "University of the Air," and reads for "Chapter A Day."
 He holds degrees in English and Broadcasting from the University of Florida and attended graduate school in English at Duke University, where he developed an interest in broadcasting.
 He is also an active author with four published books, the historical novel "Sand Mansions" and its stand-alone sequel "Midnight Catch," "Downeast Ledge" (2013), plus two nonfiction books about classical music--"Grace Notes for a Year" and "Scores to Settle."
 He has produced an audio drama based upon Dick Ringler's modern English translation of the Old English narrative Beowulf titled "Beowulf: The Complete Story—A Drama" (ISBN  ).
 He was one of a handful of experts interviewed in the Academy Award winning short documentary .

Douglas M. Parker (born May 25, 1957) is a playwright best known for biographical and reality-based plays.
 His works include "BESSIE: The Life and Music of Bessie Smith" (2005), a play with music about the rise and fall of the great American blues singer; "Life on the Mississippi" (2006), a play about the young Samuel Clemens leaving home to learn about steamboat piloting, adapted from Mark Twain's autobiographical book of the same title; "Declarations" (2007), a one-act play drawn from the letters of John and Abigail Adams from their earliest courtship through the summer of 1776; "Life on the Mississippi", a musical, based on his play (2008); "Thicker Than Water" (2009), a drama based on the Andrea Yates murders; and "The Private History of a Campaign That Failed" (2011), based on Twain's comic memoir about his brief period as a lieutenant in a Confederate volunteer regiment.
 All of Parker's works have appeared at various theaters across the country.
The Man Born to Be King is a radio drama based on the life of Jesus, produced and broadcast by the BBC during the Second World War.
 It is a play cycle consisting of twelve plays depicting specific periods in Jesus' life, from the events surrounding his birth to his death and resurrection.
 It was first broadcast by the BBC Home Service on Sunday evenings, beginning on December 21, 1941, with new episodes broadcast at 4-week intervals, ending on October 18, 1942.
 The series was written by novelist and dramatist Dorothy L. Sayers, and produced by Val Gielgud, with Robert Speaight as Jesus.
Thomas Rocco Barbella (January 1, 1919 – May 22, 1990), better known as Rocky Graziano, was an American professional boxer who held the World Middleweight title.
 Graziano is considered one of the greatest knockout artists in boxing history, often displaying the capacity to take his opponent out with a single punch.
 He was ranked 23rd on "The Ring" magazine list of the greatest punchers of all time.
 He fought many of the best middleweights of the era including Sugar Ray Robinson.
 His turbulent and violent life story was the basis of the 1956 Oscar-winning drama film, "Somebody Up There Likes Me", based on his 1955 autobiography of the same title.
The Government Inspector is a 2005 television drama based on the life of Dr. David Kelly (played by Mark Rylance) and the lead-up to the Iraq War in the United Kingdom.
 It was written and directed by Peter Kosminsky, and won three BAFTAs – Best Actor for Rylance, Best Single Drama and Best Writer (as well as being nominated for the BAFTA for Best Original Television Music for Jocelyn Pook, and winning a RTS Television Award for Best Single Drama).
Rocky V is a 1990 American sports drama film.
 It is the fifth film in the "Rocky" series, written by and starring Sylvester Stallone, and co-starring Talia Shire, Stallone's real-life son Sage, and real-life boxer Tommy Morrison, with Morrison in the role of Tommy Gunn, a talented yet raw boxer.
 Sage played Robert Balboa, whose relationship with his famous father is explored.
 After Stallone directed the second through fourth films in the series, "Rocky V" saw the return of John G. Avildsen, whose direction of "Rocky" won him an Academy Award for Best Directing.
The Academy Award for Best Film Editing is one of the annual awards of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS).
 Nominations for this award are closely correlated with the Academy Award for Best Picture.
 For 33 consecutive years, 1981 to 2013, every Best Picture winner had also been nominated for the Film Editing Oscar, and about two thirds of the Best Picture winners have also won for Film Editing.
 Only the principal, "above the line" editor(s) as listed in the film's credits are named on the award; additional editors, supervising editors, etc. are not currently eligible.
 The nominations for this Academy Award are determined by a ballot of the voting members of the Editing Branch of the Academy; there were 220 members of the Editing Branch in 2012.
 The members may vote for up to five of the eligible films in the order of their preference; the five films with the largest vote totals are selected as nominees.
 The Academy Award itself is selected from the nominated films by a subsequent ballot of all active and life members of the Academy.
 This process is essentially the reverse of that of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA); nominations for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing are done by a general ballot of Academy voters, and the winner is selected by members of the editing chapter.
