Sir Peter James Torry (born 2 August 1948) was the UK Ambassador to Germany from 2003 until 30 September 2007.
 He is now a senior adviser to Cairn Capital and to STAR Capital Partners.
 He is on the Supervisory Board of Blohm and Voss AG.
 He is a member of the advisory board of Betfair plc and of the Kiel Global Economic Symposium and a policy fellow of the Institute on the Future of Employment in Bonn.
 He was a member of the advisory panel of Lloyds Pharmacy until April 2010 and a senior adviser to DAM Capital until December 2009, to Centrica plc until 2012 and to Celesio AG.
 He was educated at Dover College and New College, Oxford where he won a blue for Rugby.
Richard Socarides (born November 8, 1954) is an American Democratic political strategist, writer, commentator and a New York attorney.
 Socarides was named Head of Public Affairs for Gerson Lehrman Group in August 2013.
 He was a White House adviser under United States President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1999 in a variety of senior positions, including as Special Assistant to the President and Senior Adviser for Public Liaison.
 He worked on legal, policy and political issues and served as principal adviser to Clinton on gay and lesbian civil rights issues.
 Under Clinton, he was chief operating officer of the 50th Anniversary Summit of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).
 Socarides also worked as special assistant to Senator Tom Harkin (D-Iowa).
 From 2000 to 2006, Socarides held senior positions at Time Warner, including at its divisions New Line Cinema and AOL.
Thomas A. Shea is a Founding Partner of Confluence Partners, a boutique communications strategy firm and a senior adviser with New Partners, a Washington, D.C.-based political and corporate consulting firm.
 He was previously a Managing Director of Teneo Strategy.
 Before joining Teneo, he was a senior political adviser and Chief of Staff to New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine.
 Shea took over the chief of staff position when Corzine took office in January 2006.
 In June 2007, he was named the #6 most influential political personality in the state of New Jersey.
 Shea held the position in Corzine's cabinet until his replacement by Brad Abelow as of September 1, 2007.
Lee Raymond Terry (born January 29, 1962) is a former American politician and a senior law firm adviser.
 From 1999 to 2015, he served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Nebraska 's 2 congressional district as a member of the Republican Party.
 Since 2015, Terry reactivated his law license and is a senior adviser to the government relations and public group for the international law firm Kelley Drye & Warren.
Palisades Hudson Financial Group LLC, was founded in 1993 by Larry M. Elkin.
 The fee-only financial and tax-planning firm also has an affiliated Registered Investment Adviser arm, Palisades Hudson Asset Management, L.P., which began in 1997.
 Palisades Hudson Asset Management had more than $1.1 billion in assets under management as of April 2013.
 It offers services including personal financial planning, estate planning, tax planning and tax return preparation, and (through Palisades Hudson Asset Management, L.P.) investment management and asset allocation.
Michael J. Green is the Japan Chair and a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), as well as an associate professor and Chair in Modern and Contemporary Japanese Politics and Foreign Policy at Georgetown University.
 He served as special assistant to the president for national security affairs and senior director for Asian affairs at the National Security Council (NSC) from January 2004 to December 2005 under George W. Bush.
 He joined the NSC in April 2001 as director of Asian affairs with responsibility for Japan, Korea, and Australia/New Zealand.
 From 1997 to 2000, he was senior fellow for Asian security at the Council on Foreign Relations, where he directed the Independent Task Force on Korea and study groups on Japan and security policy in Asia.
 He served as senior adviser to the Office of Asia Pacific Affairs at the Department of Defense in 1997 and as consultant to the same office until 2000.
Mohammad Yousef Pashtun (Pashto: یوسف پښتون ‎ ) is an Afghan Technocrat and Politician, serving as the Senior Adviser to the President of Afghanistan on Construction, Mines, Water & Energy.
 He previously served as Minister of Urban Development and Housing for two terms (2002-2003, 2005-2010) and Governor of Kandahar province, in 2003 replacing Gul Agha Sherzai under President Hamid Karzai administration.
 In 2010, he was appointed as Senior Adviser to President Karzai on Construction, Mines, Water & Energy.
 Minister Pashtun continued to serve as Senior Adviser to newly elected President, Ashraf Ghani.
Yulchon LLC is a full-service international corporate law firm headquartered in Seoul, Korea that was founded in 1997 by five of Korea's leading attorneys at the time.
 In 2007 the firm changed its name from Woo Yun Kang Jeong & Han to Yulchon.
 Yulchon employs more than 360 lawyers, including more than 60 licensed in jurisdictions outside of Korea.
 The firm is one of the six largest in Korea(6th largest by numbers of lawyer, and 4th largest by revenue) and was selected as the most innovative law firm in South Korea by the Financial Times in 2015 and 2016.
 In addition, it was recognized as "South Korea Law Firm of the Year" by Chambers & Partners in 2017.
 The firm offers services in the following practice areas: corporate & finance, tax, anti-trust, fair trade, dispute resolution, and intellectual property.
 In particular, Yulchon is well-known for its strong tax practice.
Claudio Fernández-Aráoz is an Argentinian author, international speaker and global expert on talent and leadership, ranked by "BusinessWeek" as one of the most influential executive search consultants in the world.
 He is currently a senior adviser of Egon Zehnder.
 Before joining Egon Zehnder in 1986, he worked at McKinsey & Company in Europe.
 He is a frequent lecturer at the Harvard Business School.
Shomwa "Shom" Shamapande is a political and business consultant and strategist, who has worked in government affairs, media/communications and Democratic politics.
 In 1998, he served as an adviser to the South African Center for Human Rights in Pretoria.
 Shomwa was a Senior Adviser to Bill Lynch, former deputy mayor of New York City and Vice Chairman of the Democratic National Party and as a legislative fellow for Congressman Charles B. Rangel of Manhattan.
 Shomwa has also served as a senior communications and government affairs adviser for the Campaign for Better Schools, the corporate public relations firm of Robinson, Lerer & Montgomery, the Democratic National Committee, Former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright's United Nations Commission for the Legal Empowerment of the Poor and several global corporations including MasterCard and Pfizer Pharmaceuticals.
 And in 2011, Shomwa was hired as Global Communications and Media Director for Africare, a major NGO ($60 million) focused on humanitarian and development assistance for Africa.
