Yang Tong (; 604–619), known in traditional histories by his princely title of Prince of Yue (越王) or by his era name as Lord Huangtai (皇泰主), posthumous name (as bestowed by Wang Shichong) Emperor Gong (恭皇帝), courtesy name Renjin (仁謹), was an emperor of the Chinese Sui Dynasty.
 During the disturbances that permeated throughout the Sui state late in the dynasty's history, his grandfather Emperor Yang left him in charge of the eastern capital Luoyang, and after Emperor Yang was killed by the general Yuwen Huaji in 618, the Sui officials in Luoyang declared Yang Tong emperor.
 However, soon one of those officials, Wang Shichong, seized power, and in 619 had Yang Tong yield the throne to him, ending Sui.
 Soon, he was killed on Wang's orders.
In Ancient Egypt, the cattle count was one of the two main means of evaluating the amount of taxes to be levied, the other one being the height of the annual inundation.
 A very important economic event, the cattle count was controlled by high officials, and was connected to several cultic feasts.
 In addition it served as a means of dating other events, with the entire year when it occurred being called "year of the Xth cattle count under the person of the king Y".
 The frequency of cattle counts varied through the history of Ancient Egypt; in the Old Kingdom it was most likely biennial, i.e. occurring every two years, and became more frequent subsequently.
The Chinese Empire, which lasted from the 221 BCE until 1911 AD, required predictable forms and means of communication.
 Documents flowed down from the Emperor to officials, from officials to the Emperor, from one part of the bureaucracy to others, and from the Emperor or his officials to the people.
 These documents, especially memorials to the throne, were preserved in collections which became more voluminous with each passing dynasty and make the Chinese historical record extraordinarily rich.
Toryumon (闘龍門 , Tōryūmon ) is a professional wrestling promotion that operated in Japan until 2004 and in Mexico, where it's called Toryumon Mexico.
 The promotion is owned and operated by Yoshihiro Asai, who is best known under the name Último Dragón.
 Tōryūmon is a coined word that means "Fighting Dragon Gate".
 The word is coined after the homonym 登龍門 (Tōryūmon ) that literally means "climbing up dragon gate" and means "gateway to success".
 The promotion was originally created to give graduates of the Último Dragón Gym a promotion to gain their initial in-ring experience in, it developed a major following and grew into becoming one of the hottest independent promotions in the country.
 The promotion would run for five years.
 On July 4, 2004, Último Dragón left the promotion and took the name and trademarks with him.
 The wrestlers and officials decided to adopt the name Dragon Gate and continue in the traditions of Toryumon.
 Since then Último Dragón has promoted Toryumon mainly in Mexico but also holds occasional shows in Japan.
The National Institute of Technology (Norwegian: "Teknologisk Institutt AS" (TI), formerly "Statens teknologiske institutt" (STI)) is a Norwegian limited company and former government agency (1917–1988) active in innovation and technological research.
 It was established by the Storting (Parliament) on 6 May 1916, aimed at helping smaller industry and enterprises.
 Its former name, "Statens teknologiske institutt", literally means the "State Institute of Technology", but it continues to use the name National Institute of Technology in English.
 It should not be confused with the Norwegian Institute of Technology.
The surname “Fryar” has its earliest origins in medieval England, first appearing in the 14th century.
 The name was also found in Lothian where they were seated from early recorded times and their first records appear on the census rolls taken by the early Kings to determine the rate of taxation of their subjects.
 The name was given to a person who was a friar.
 The surname Fryar was derived from the old French word ""frère"", which means ""brother"" in English and dates from the 13th century.
 The French word ""frère"" in turn comes from the Latin word ""frater"", which also means ""brother"".
 One reason for the variation in spelling is that medieval English lacked definite spelling rules.
 Names were rarely spelled consistently during these times when most people were illiterate.
 Scribes and church officials recorded names as they sounded, rather than adhering to specific rules and consequently, the variant surname Fryar first appeared.
Diaochan was one of the Four Beauties of ancient China.
 Unlike the other three beauties, however, there is no known evidence suggesting her existence; she is mostly a fictional character.
 It was mentioned in Chinese historical records that Lü Bu had a secret affair with one of Dong Zhuo's maids and was constantly afraid of being discovered, and this was one of the reasons why Lü Bu killed Dong Zhuo in 192.
 However, the maid's name was not recorded in history.
 Diaochan is best known for her role in the 14th-century historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", which romanticises the events in the late Eastern Han dynasty and the Three Kingdoms period.
 In the novel, she had a romance with the warrior Lü Bu and caused him to betray and kill his foster father, the tyrannical warlord Dong Zhuo.
 The name "Diaochan", which literally means "sable cicada", is believed to have been derived from the sable tails and jade decorations in the shape of cicadas which adorned the hats of high-ranking officials in the Eastern Han dynasty.
Hana as a given name may have any of several origins.
 It can be a variant transliteration of Hannah, which is the Jewish and French and Christian form, meaning "grace" in Hebrew associated with God.
 It is also a Kurdish name meaning hope (هانا ), a Persian name meaning flower (حَنا ), and an Arabic name meaning "happiness" (هَنا ).
 As a Japanese name, it usually translates as "flower" (花 ).
 In Korean, it means the number "one" (하나 ).
 In Albanian, "Hana" means "moon".
 In Hawaiian, "Hana" means "craft" or "work" .
 In Maori, "Hana" means to shine, glow, give out heat, radiate.
Al-Rayah Mosque (Arabic: مسجد الراية‎ , 'Mosque of the flag' ‎ ), or Dzubab Mosque, is a mosque located in Medina, Saudi Arabia.
 The mosque is situated on top of Mount Dzubab (Dzubab means "flies"), and this area is not far from Mount Sala' on the south, Al-'Uyun street on the left hand side, and Az-Zugaibi gas station between Al-'Uyun street and Sulthanah street on the behind.
 It is narrated that there was a dome of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad installed in this area at the time of the Battle of the Trench, so it was named as Al-Rayah, which means battle flag.
 The mosque is also called the Dzubab Mosque because it is attributed to a Yemeni man who came to Medina during the time of Governor Marwan bin al-Hakam and killed one of the government officials.
 He was later executed and crucified on Mount Dzubab.
The Fels Institute of Government is the University of Pennsylvania's graduate program in public policy and public management.
 Its practical approach to public management education, its Ivy League pedigree and its relatively small size make it one of the nation's leading boutique programs in public affairs.
 The Institute was founded in 1937 by Samuel Simeon Fels of the Fels Naptha Soap Company in response to a wave of corruption and mismanagement in Pennsylvania government.
 Originally established for the purpose of training local government officials, over time Fels broadened its mission; it now prepares its students for public leadership positions in city, state, and Federal agencies, elective politics, nonprofit organizations, and private firms with close connections to the public sector.
 Its 2,000 living alumni work in leadership roles across the US and around the world.
 As of August, 2015 the Executive Director of the Fels Institute is Dr. Nelson Lim.
