Riadh Sidaoui (رياض الصيداوي) (born in Bou Hajla, 14 May 1967) is a Tunisian writer and political scientist who has a Swiss nationality.
Western magar are descriptive terms invented by academic linguists and anthropologists for a nationality in the Middle Hills of mid-western Nepal inhabiting highlands extending through eastern "Rukum" and northern "Salyan", "Rolpa" and "Pyuthan" Districts in "Rapti"Zone as well as "Dhaulagiri" and "Bheri" Zones.
 They speak a complex of Tibeto-Burman distinct language called magar Pang.But there is no any confusion that magar Pang,magar kaike and magar dhut are same languages they have derived from Pali language.
Jozef Karol Hell (Slovak: "Jozef Karol Hell", German: "Josef/ph Karl Hell", Hungarian: "Hell József Károly") (15 May 1713, Szélakna (Windschacht, Piarg, now Štiavnické Bane) - 11 March 1789, Selmecbánya (Schemnitz, now Banská Štiavnica)) was a Hungarian mining engineer and inventor, who invented the water-pillar (water pump machine) in 1749 (first use 1753).
 It is mainly used today for oil extraction.
 He also proposed construction of the tajchy reservoirs around Selmecbánya (Schemnitz, Banská Štiavnica).
 He was a student of Sámuel Mikoviny in 1737.
 Regardless of his nationality, he is a pride of both Hungarian and Slovak nations.
A tribometer is an instrument that measures tribological quantities, such as coefficient of friction, friction force, and wear volume, between two surfaces in contact.
 It was invented by the 18th century Dutch scientist Musschenbroek
The Marcel Benoist Prize, offered by the Marcel Benoist Foundation, is a monetary prize that has been offered annually since 1920 to a scientist of Swiss nationality or residency who has made the most useful scientific discovery.
 Emphasis is placed on those discoveries affecting human life.
 Since 1997, candidates in the humanities have also been eligible for the prize.
Wo Weihan (; 1949 – November 28, 2008), a native of Qiqihar, Heilongjiang, was a Chinese scientist and entrepreneur of Daur nationality.
 He was executed at the age of 58-59 on November 28, 2008, by firing squad, along with missile expert Guo Wanjun, 66, for passing sensitive information to a Taiwanese NGO.
 Weihan was interrogated for ten months in 2005 and allowed access to a lawyer in 2006.
 His trial was held in secrecy in 2007.
The International Prize for Biology (国際生物学賞 , Kokusai Seibutsugaku-shō ) is an annual award for outstanding contribution to the advancement of research in fundamental biology.
 The prize, although it is not always awarded to a biologist, is one of the most prestigious honours a natural scientist can receive.
 There are no restrictions on the nationality of the recipient.
 Past laureates include John B. Gurdon, Motoo Kimura, Edward O. Wilson, Ernst Mayr, Thomas Cavalier-Smith and many other great biologists.
Reverse Polish notation (RPN), also known as Polish postfix notation or simply postfix notation, is a mathematical notation in which operators follow their operands, in contrast to Polish notation (PN), in which operators precede their operands.
 It does not need any parentheses as long as each operator has a fixed number of operands.
 The description "Polish" refers to the nationality of logician Jan Łukasiewicz, who invented Polish notation in 1924.
Polish notation (PN), also known as normal Polish notation (NPN), Łukasiewicz notation, Warsaw notation, Polish prefix notation or simply prefix notation, is a mathematical notation in which operators precede their operands, in contrast to reverse Polish notation (RPN) in which operators follow their operands.
 It does not need any parentheses as long as each operator has a fixed number of operands.
 The description "Polish" refers to the nationality of logician Jan Łukasiewicz, who invented Polish notation in 1924.
The Goralenvolk was a geopolitical term invented by the German Nazis in World War II in reference to the population of Podhale region in the south of Poland near the Slovak border.
 The Germans postulated a separate nationality for people of that region in an effort to extract them from the Polish citizenry during their occupation of Poland's highlands.
 The term "Goralenvolk" was a neologism derived from the Polish word "Górale" (the Highlanders) commonly referring to the people living in the mountains.
 In order to make Gorals collaborate with the SS, the Nazis proclaimed that this group were part of the Greater Germanic Race and worthy of separate treatment from the Poles.
<ref name="podhale24.pl/"> </ref>
