Plush is a 2013 American erotic thriller film directed by Catherine Hardwicke and co-written by Arty Nelson with music by Nick Launay & Ming Vauze.
 The film stars Emily Browning, Xavier Samuel, Cam Gigandet, Dawn Olivieri, Thomas Dekker, and Frances Fisher.
Healing is a 2014 Australian drama film directed by Craig Monahan and co-written with Alison Nisselle.
 The film stars Hugo Weaving, Robert Taylor, Xavier Samuel, Justine Clarke, Laura Brent and Anthony Hayes.
Spin Out is an Australian romantic comedy film directed by Tim Ferguson and Marc Gracie.
 The film stars Xavier Samuel and Morgan Griffin.
Vampire Academy is an American best-selling series of six young adult paranormal romance novels by author Richelle Mead.
 It tells the story of Rosemarie "Rose" Hathaway, a seventeen/eighteen-year-old Dhampir girl, who is training to be a guardian of her Moroi best friend, Vasilisa "Lissa" Dragomir.
 In the process of learning how to defeat Strigoi (the evil undead vampires) in St. Vladimir's Academy, Rose finds herself caught in a forbidden romance with her instructor, Dimitri Belikov, while having an unbreakable psychic bond with Lissa.
Frostbite is a vampire novel written by Richelle Mead.
 It is the second novel in the #1 "New York Times" bestselling series, "Vampire Academy".
 "Frostbite" continues the story of the main character, Rose Hathaway including her bond with Princess Vasilisa "Lissa" Dragomir, her budding romance with her instructor Dimitri Belikov, and her education in becoming a Guardian.
Vampire Academy (also known as Vampire Academy: Blood Sisters) is a 2014 American fantasy comedy film based on Richelle Mead's 2007 best-selling novel of the same name, directed by Mark Waters, and scripted by Daniel Waters.
 The film stars Zoey Deutch, Danila Kozlovsky, Lucy Fry, and Dominic Sherwood in lead roles.
 It was released in North America on February 7, 2014 and globally between March and July of the same year.
 It was distributed in the United States by The Weinstein Company.
Mr. Church is a 2016 American dramedy film directed by Bruce Beresford and written by Susan McMartin.
 The film stars Eddie Murphy as the title character with Britt Robertson, Xavier Samuel, Lucy Fry, Christian Madsen and Natascha McElhone also starring.
 The film debuted on April 22, 2016, at the Tribeca Film Festival and was released on September 16, 2016, by Cinelou Releasing and Freestyle Releasing.
Love & Friendship is a 2016 period comedy film written and directed by Whit Stillman.
 Based on Jane Austen's epistolary novel "Lady Susan", written ca. 1794, the film stars Kate Beckinsale, Chloë Sevigny, Xavier Samuel, and Stephen Fry.
 The film follows recently widowed Lady Susan in her intrepid and calculating exploits to secure suitably wealthy husbands for her daughter and herself.
 Although adapted from "Lady Susan", the film was produced under the borrowed title of Austen's juvenile story "Love and Freindship" ["sic"] .
A Few Best Men is a 2011 Australian-British comedy film written by Dean Craig and directed by Stephan Elliott.
 The film stars Xavier Samuel as a young groom heading to the Australian Blue Mountains with his three best men for his wedding.
Lucy Elizabeth Fry (born 13 March 1992) is an Australian actress.
 She is known for portraying Zoey in "Lightning Point", Lyla in "", and Vasilisa Dragomir in the film "Vampire Academy".
 Fry was also cast in Hulu's eight part miniseries "11.22.63" as Marina Oswald, wife of Lee Harvey Oswald, and played the lead in the 2016 Australian horror television series "Wolf Creek".
