Ningxiang High-tech Industrial Park () is a High tech industrial park at province level in Ningxiang City, Hunan Province, China.
 It is the original Jinzhou New Urban Area Industrial Concentration District () created in 2006; it is usually referred to as "Jinzhou New Urban Area" () for short.
 It was approved to an industrial district at province level in 2012, and it was upgraded to a hi-tech industrial park at province-level on 26 May, 2015.
 Its core area is in Jinzhou Town, the industrial park is a part of the core zone of Xiangjiang New Area.
 It has a planned area of 65 km2 , as of 2015 it also has a builtup area of 13 km2 .
Liuyang Two-oriented Industrial Park () is an agricultural products processing industrial park at province level in Liuyang City, Hunan Province, China.
 It is the 3rd largest one of Liuyang by economic size, after the Liuyang ETZ and HTZ.
 The industrial park is the original Morden Agricultural Park () created in 1999, it was Changed to Agricultural Technology Industrial Park () in 2007 and to the present name in 2012.
 Functionally, it is a demonstration area of two - oriented society, food industrial cluster, new industries demonstration area, new urban area of ecological and suitable residence.
The Tesla Roadster is a battery electric vehicle (BEV) sports car that was produced by the electric car firm Tesla Motors (now Tesla, Inc.) in California from 2008 to 2012.
 The Roadster was the first highway legal serial production all-electric car to use lithium-ion battery cells and the first production all-electric car to travel more than 200 mi per charge.
 A replacement for the Roadster is expected for 2019.
Carmelray Industrial Park 2 or (CIP2), is an industrial park in the Philippines, located at barangay Punta, Calamba City, Laguna, this industrial zone serves some of the biggest and nearest companies in Calamba.
 CIP2 partnership, as one of the biggest locator in barangay Canlubang a Carmelray Industrial Park 1.
Stanford Research Park is a technology park located in Palo Alto, California on land owned by Stanford University.
 Built in 1951, as Stanford Industrial Park, it claims to be the world's first technology-focused office park.
 Frederick Terman is often credited with the idea and success of the Stanford Research Park, which was the first university-owned industrial park at the time of its founding and played a key role in creation of Silicon Valley.
 In 1953, Varian Associates relocated to Palo Alto to become the first tenant of the new Stanford Industrial Park.
 Early tenants included Hewlett-Packard, General Electric, and Lockheed.
Plant City Airport (ICAO: KPCM, FAA LID: PCM) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Plant City in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States.
 The airport is publicly owned by the Hillsborough County Aviation Authority, which also operates Tampa International Airport.
 It was formerly known as Plant City Municipal Airport.
 It supports a 400 acre industrial park located about one mile (1.6 km) east of the airport.
MidAmerica Industrial Park is Oklahoma's largest industrial park.
 The park is located in Pryor Creek, Oklahoma.
 Over 70 firms are located within the industrial park including operations of seven Fortune 500 companies.
 The park was founded in 1960, when the Federal government sold most of the former Oklahoma Ordnance Works to a public trust, the Oklahoma Ordnance Works Authority.
 It covers 9,000 acres (36 km²).
Frederick is a city and county seat of Tillman County, Oklahoma, United States.
 Once titled "The Friendly City", its charm and receptiveness leaves visitors feeling like locals.
 The population was 3,940 at the 2010 census.
 It is an agriculture-based community that primarily produces wheat, cotton, and cattle.
 Frederick is home to three dairies, a 1400-acre industrial park, and Frederick Regional Airport, which includes restored World War II hangars which house the World War II Airborne Demonstration Team.
Pureland Industrial Complex is a 3000 acre industrial park located in Logan Township in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.
 It borders the Delaware River and Raccoon Creek, and is located 12 mi south of the ports of Camden and Philadelphia.
 Interstate 295, U.S. Route 322 and U.S. Route 130 run through it and connect it to major truck routes.
 SMS Rail Lines connect to Penns Grove Secondary and the national rail network.
 It was opened in 1975 and is the largest industrial park in the state of New Jersey, and one of the largest in the world.
The Tahoe Reno Industrial Center (TRI Center, or TRIC) is a privately owned 107,000 acre industrial park, located at Interstate 80 next to Clark, Storey County, Nevada.
 The center is the largest in the country, occupying over half of the land mass in Storey County, and is home to over 100 companies and their warehouse logistics centres and fulfillment centres such as PetSmart, HomeDepot, Walmart and others.
 The Gigafactory 1 is being built there to serve Tesla Motors and Panasonic.
