Ezechiel Joseph is a Saint Lucian politician who represented the constituency of Babonneau for the United Workers Party from 2006 to 2011.
 Joseph won the seat at the general election held on 11 December 2006.
 In the government of Prime Minister John Compton, sworn in on 19 December 2006, he was appointed Minister for Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries.
 Joseph lost the seat at the general election held on 28 November 2011.
 He was sworn in as an opposition member of the Senate on 5 January 2012.
 He resigned from the Senate effective 31 December 2015.
 Joseph regained the Babonneau seat in the general election held on 6 June 2016.
Ben Scott is a Senior Advisor to the Open Technology Institute at the New America Foundation in Washington, D.C. and a Visiting Fellow at the Stiftung Neue Verantwortung in Berlin.
 Previously, he was a Policy Advisor for Innovation at the US Department of State where he worked at the intersection of technology and foreign policy.
 In a small team of advisors to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, he worked to help steward the 21st Century Statecraft agenda with a focus on technology policy, social media and development.
 Prior to joining the State Department, for six years he led the Washington office for Free Press, a non-profit organization dealing exclusively with media and communications policy.
 As policy director for Free Press, he headed a team of lawyers, researchers, and advocates, and directed a public interest policy agenda to expand affordable access to an open Internet and to foster more public service journalism.
 He was frequently called as an expert witness before the U.S. Congress.
 Before joining Free Press, he worked as a legislative aide handling telecommunications policy for then-Rep.
 Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.)
 in the U.S. House of Representatives.
 He holds a PhD in communications from the University of Illinois.
 Ben is a 1995 graduate of the University of Illinois Laboratory High School.
 He is the author of several scholarly articles on American journalism history and the politics of media regulation as well as co-editor of two books.
Fraser Verrusio, was policy director to Alaska US Rep. Don Young(R) and Policy Director for the House Transportation Committee while Rep. Young was chairman.
 On March 6, 2009, he was indicted for violating federal anti-corruption laws in the long-running Jack Abramoff scandals.
Bibeksheel Nepali Dal (विवेकशील नेपाली दल) is a political party of Nepal.
 Its name literally means "Party of Rational Nepalese".
 Ujwal Thapa, leader (President) of Bibeksheel Nepali, in 2013, ran as candidate in the second Constitutional Assembly election held on November 19, 2013, as an independent candidate.
 At that time, the election symbol of the party was Dog (कुकुर).
 With the four independent candidates in the Kathmandu valley, they received around 3,000 votes, mostly from youths.
 Right after the second Constitutional Assembly election held on November 19, 2013, they registered Bibeksheel Nepali (विवेकशील नेपाली) as a political party with their own election symbol - smiling face.
Jennifer Branstetter served as the Secretary of Planning and Policy for the administration of former Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett.
 In that position, she was part of the Governor's "senior staff."
 As Secretary of Planning and Policy, she manages policy development for the Governor's Office, including energy policy.
 She also served as the policy director for Governor-elect Corbett's transition team.
 During Corbett's term as Pennsylvania Attorney General, she was the Director of Education and Outreach.
A parliamentary election was held in the Republic of Slovenia in April 1990.
 This was the first direct election held in Slovenia since World War II, and the first relatively free election held there since 1925.
 It was actually a transitional election leading to the country's first fully democratic election on 6 December 1992, by which time Slovenia had already gained its independence.
The Center for Women’s Global Leadership, based at Rutgers University, was founded in 1989 by Charlotte Bunch, the former executive director and an internationally renowned activist for women's human rights.
 Current Executive Director Krishanti Dharmaraj is also the founder of the Dignity Index and co-founder of WILD for Human Rights and the Sri Lanka Children's Fund.
 The former executive director, Radhika Balakrishnan, is now the faculty director, and a professor in the Department of Women's and Gender Studies at Rutgers, current chair of the Board of the US Human Rights Network, and a board member of the Center for Constitutional Rights.
 Located on Douglass Residential College (formerly Douglass College) at Rutgers University, CWGL is a unit of International Programs within the School of Arts and Sciences and is a member of the Institute for Women's Leadership, a consortium of women's programs at Rutgers.
The Pakistani general election of 1970 (Bengali: পাকিস্তানের সাধারণ নির্বাচন, ১৯৭০ ), held on 7 December of that year, was the first general election held in Pakistan (East and West Pakistan) and ultimately only general election held prior to the independence of Bangladesh .
 Voting took place in 300 parliamentary constituencies of Pakistan to elect members of the National Assembly of Pakistan, which was then the only chamber of a unicameral Parliament of Pakistan.
The Nunavut general election, 2017 is scheduled to be held in the Canadian territory of Nunavut on October 30, 2017.
 The fifth general election held since the creation of the territory in 1999, it will be the first election held under Nunavut's new fixed election dates law, which requires elections to be held no more than four years after the prior election.
Krishanti "Krish" Vignarajah is the former policy director for United States First Lady Michelle Obama, and a declared Democratic candidate for Maryland's 2018 governor's race on August 9, 2017.
