Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time, released as Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles: Turtles in Time in Europe, is an arcade video game produced by Konami.
 A sequel to the original "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" ("TMNT") arcade game, it is a scrolling beat 'em up type game based mainly on the 1987 "TMNT" animated series.
 Originally an arcade game, "Turtles in Time" was ported to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1992 under the title Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles IV: Turtles in Time, continuing the numbering from the earlier "Turtles" games released on the original NES.
 That same year, a game that borrowed many elements, "" was released for the Mega Drive/Genesis.
Alex Kidd in Shinobi World is a side-scrolling action game produced by Sega that was originally released for the Master System in 1990 and later re-released for the Wii Virtual Console in 2009 .
 Although developed in Japan, it was released exclusively for the overseas market (North America, Europe and Brazil).
 The game stars Alex Kidd in a parody version of Sega's ninja-themed action game "Shinobi", where Alex Kidd fights against caricatures of many of the enemies from "Shinobi".
 It is the final video game to star the Alex Kidd character.
Exile is a single-player action-adventure video game originally published for the Acorn Electron and BBC Micro in 1988 by Superior Software and later ported to the Commodore 64, Amiga, CD32 and Atari ST, all published by Audiogenic.
 Exile's game physics engine qualifies it to be the first game to have a complete Newtonian motion model.
 At the time of its release it was considered to push the boundaries of what was possible on home computers, particularly on the 8-bit platforms.
 It remains probably the most complex game available for the BBC Micro.
 The game was designed and programmed by Peter Irvin (author of "Starship Command", a space shoot-em-up with an innovative control system) and Jeremy Smith (author of "Thrust", a game based on cave exploration with a simpler physics model).
 It is also an early example of a Metroidvania.
TMNT is a single-player action-adventure multi-platform action game starring the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
 It is based on the 2007 film of the same name, and was released three days before the actual movie's release for the Xbox 360, Wii, PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Nintendo DS, and PlayStation Portable, as well as for the PC on March 20, 2007.
Treasure Planet: Battle at Procyon is a PC strategy game, part of Disney's Action Game strand, which includes epic 3D ship battles.
 The game takes place five years after the events of the film, "Treasure Planet".
 The single-player campaign details the story of Jim Hawkins ascending the ranks as a naval officer, and an additional skirmish mode includes several historical and open-map skirmishes.
 Of note is the fact that the game actually states that no battle takes place at Procyon during the end credits, a disclaimer likely added due to the presence of younger players.
The Little Mermaid is an action game by Capcom for the NES and Game Boy.
 It is a single-player side-scrolling action game where the player controls Ariel on a quest to defeat the evil Ursula, the sea witch.
The Church in the Darkness is an upcoming single-player action-adventure video game designed by Richard Rouse III and developed under the name Paranoid Productions.
 The game is expected to be launched in 2017 for PC (Steam), Mac OS, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Mobile Suit Gundam: Journey to Jaburo (Japanese: 機動戦士ガンダム めぐりあい宇宙 "Kidō Senshi Gandamu Meguriaiuchū", meaning "Mobile Suit Gundam: Space Encounters") is an action game based directly on the Mobile Suit Gundam films and series.
 The game begins at the start of the series and ends at the ending of the second film.
 The game plays in an action game format with a standard third person view.
 It features newly hand animated cutscenes that depict events from the original television series as well as a CGI opening depicting a space battle from the One Year War and then a scene of the Gundam destroying several Zaku IIs before being attacked by Char Aznable.
 It is also the prequel to "".
TMNT is a 2007 computer-animated fantasy action film written and directed by Kevin Munroe.
 Based on the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" comic book series, the film stars Chris Evans, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Mako, Kevin Smith, Patrick Stewart and Zhang Ziyi.
 Mako died in July 2006, making "TMNT" his final film role.
 The film is dedicated to him.
Disney's Mulan is a 1998 action video game based on the Disney film "Mulan", and released on the Game Boy.
 It is a part of the "Mulan" franchise.
 The action game is published by THQ and developed by Tiertex Design Studios.
 It was released on Oct 19, 1998.
