J.P. Doherty (born September 27, 1978 in Brick Township, New Jersey) is a guitarist from Bloomfield, New Jersey.
 He was a member of the band You Were Spiraling from 1998 to 2001 (now Spiraling).
 He toured with tabla master Karsh Kale from 2003–2006, and played on his Six Degrees release "Broken English", released March 21, 2006.
 In June 2007, J.P. toured with Debbie Harry on Cyndi Lauper's True Colors tour, and on the Necessary Evil tour in November and December of the same year, supporting Harry's 2007 release "Necessary Evil".
 He is now the guitarist for the Northern New Jersey band, The Bad Touch.
Necessary Evil, is the fifth solo album by the American singer Deborah Harry.
 Released in September 2007, it is her first solo album in fourteen years.
 The album contains fourteen tracks (seventeen in some territories), including the first single "Two Times Blue", released on the iTunes Store on June 6, 2007.
 Harry promoted the album on Cyndi Lauper's True Colors Tour 2007, performing a number of songs from the album.
 Upon its release in the UK, it debuted at #86.
 In the US, it debuted at #37 on the Independent Chart.
"Maybe He'll Know" is the fifth and final single from American singer Cyndi Lauper's album, "True Colors", released only in Europe in 1987.
 It is a remake of a song that Lauper recorded with her former band, Blue Angel.
 The two versions are slightly different lyrically in a few lines.
 Billy Joel joins Lauper in 'doo wop' style back-up vocal duties.
True Colors is the second album by American pop singer Cyndi Lauper, released on September 15, 1986.
 The album produced several hits as "True Colors", "Change of Heart", and "What's Going On" reached the top twenty of the "Billboard" Hot 100, with the first two becoming top 5 hits.
True Colors: The Best of Cyndi Lauper is a 2009 compilation album by Cyndi Lauper, released exclusively in Australia and New Zealand as part of Sony Camden, a budget range of compilations by Sony Music.
The Bring Ya To The Brink Tour was a worldwide concert tour by American singer-songwriter and actress Cyndi Lauper to support her album "Bring Ya to the Brink".
 It was the tenth official Cyndi Lauper's own tour that she was promoting an album.
 The shows were in Australia, Japan, Europe and South America, with over 40 concerts in 22 countries.
 Lauper raised more than 30 million dollars with this tour.
 In the UK, her opening act was Jessie J who later joined Cyndi on stage to sing with her on Girls Just Want To Have Fun.
 The North American (United States and Canada) leg of this tour was covered by her True Colors 2008 tour in the summer of 2008 where she performed an almost identical set to promote "Bring Ya to the Brink".
True Colors was an annual music event created by American recording artist, Cyndi Lauper.
 The concerts were headlined by Lauper and featured various music and comedy acts.
 Beginning in 2007, the trek supported the Human Rights Campaign, PFLAG and the Matthew Shepard Foundation.
 Other local and private LGBT charities and foundations were supported as the event grew.
 The tour began with 16 shows in 2007 expanding to 25 shows in 2008.
 Lauper's set during the 2008 tour was basically the North American leg of her worldwide Bring Ya to the Brink Tour that year.
 An outing in 2009 was planned and later cancelled.
 In lieu of the tour, Lauper partnered with Broadway Impact to create the True Colors Cabaret.
 The show began September 28, 2009 and ran once a month at Feinstein's at Loews Regency.
 It featured performances from Lauper, Rufus Wainwright, Lea Michele, Jonathan Groff, Jason Mraz, Sara Bareilles, Karen Olivo, Melinda Doolittle and Broadway Inspirational Voices.
 The shows ran until February 2010.
"Ballad of Cleo and Joe" is a song by American singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper, taken from her fifth studio album, "Sisters of Avalon" (1996).
 The song was written and Cyndi Lauper, Jan Pulsford while it was produced by Pulsford, Mark Saunders and Lauper.
 The song was released as the third single from the album on September 16, 1997 by Epic Records.
 Lyrically, the song describes the double life of a drag queen, the titular 'Joe' (by day) and 'Cleo' (by night).
The True Colors World Tour was a concert tour by American recording artist Cyndi Lauper.
 It was Lauper's first headlining world tour in 1986-87 in support of her album, "True Colors".
 The True Colors tour included dates across North America, Asia and Europe.
"Change of Heart" is the second single released by American singer Cyndi Lauper from her second album, "True Colors" in 1986.
 The single went gold in the US and peaked at No. 3 in the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The song has become a fan favorite and Lauper still often performs it.
 Lauper re-recorded it acoustically, and her official site later made it available free as a digital download.
