Michel'le Denise Toussaint ( ; born December 5, 1970), known mononymously as Michel'le, is an American R&B singer and songwriter.
 She is best known for her songs from the late–1980s to early–1990s.
 Her most notable songs were Billboard Top 10 hits "No More Lies" and R&B chart topper "Something In My Heart".
 She has a signature childlike speaking voice, which is a startling contrast to her strong and soulful singing vocals.
 Between 2013 and 2015, Michel'le was one of six members on the TV One reality show "".
Albert Roux OBE (born 8 October 1935) is a French-born restaurateur and chef working in Britain.
 He and his brother Michel operated Le Gavroche, the first restaurant in the UK to gain three Michelin stars.
 He helped train a series of chefs that went on to win Michelin stars, and his son, Michel Roux, Jr. continues to run Le Gavroche.
The Arboretum de Born is a small arboretum located at 1400 metres altitude on the Plateau du Roi near Le Born, Lozère, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.
 It was created between 1964 and 1967 to study conifers suitable for reforestation, and according to Arbez et al., now contains 38 taxa (primarily conifers).
Jean Rollin (born Jean Michel Rollin Roth Le Gentil; 3 November 1938 – 15 December 2010) was a French film director, writer, producer, actor and novelist.
 He worked on his mainstream films under his own name and on pornographic and several other films under the pseudonyms Michel Gentil or J.A. Laser.
 He has additionally served as an editor, assistant director, executive producer, production and film supervisor on several other projects throughout his career.
Michel Roux, OBE (born 19 April 1941), also known as Michel Roux Snr., is a French-born chef and restaurateur working in Britain.
 Along with his brother Albert, he opened Le Gavroche, later to become the first three Michelin starred restaurant in Britain, and The Waterside Inn, which was the first restaurant outside France to hold three stars for a period of 25 years.
Lambert-Sigisbert Adam (10 October 170012 May 1759) is a French sculptor born in 1700 in Nancy.
 The eldest son of sculptor Jacob-Sigisbert Adam, he was known as Adam l’aîné ("the elder") to distinguish him from his two sculptor brothers Nicolas-Sébastien Adam, known as "Adam le jeune" ("the younger"), and François Gaspard Balthazar Adam.
 His sister Anne Adam married Thomas Michel, an undistinguished sculptor, and became the mother of famous sculptor Claude Michel, known as Clodion, who received his early training in the studio of his uncle Lambert-Sigisbert.
Le Born is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
Rhyon Nicole Brown (born October 6, 1992) is an American actress, singer, and dancer.
 Rhyon is the younger sister of R&B singer RaVaughn.
 She made her film debut in "Santa & Pete" (1999) and has since appeared in various television shows.
 Brown has had recurring roles on shows such as "That's So Raven" as Madison, on "Judging Amy" as Rebecca Van Exel, and most recently a starring role on the ABC Family TV series "Lincoln Heights" as Lizzie Sutton.
 In 2005, she appeared in 50 Cent's semi-biographical film, "Get Rich or Die Tryin'" as the younger version of 50 Cent's love interest Charlene.
 Brown also stars as R&B singer Michel'le in the 2016 Lifetime movie 'Surviving Compton: Dre, Suge, & Michel'le'.
Michel Albert Roux (born 23 May 1960), known as Michel Roux Jr., is a British two-star Michelin chef at the London restaurant "Le Gavroche."
Thierry Lhermitte (] ; born 24 November 1952) is a French actor, director, writer and producer, best known for his comedic roles.
 He was a founder of the comedy troupe "Le Splendid" in the 1970s, along with, among others, Christian Clavier, Gérard Jugnot, and Michel Blanc.
 The group adapted a number of its stage hits for the cinema, and scored major successes with films such as "Les Bronzés" (1978), "Les Bronzés font du ski" (1979), "Le Père Noël est une ordure" (1982) and "Un indien dans la ville" (1994).
