A kayak roll (often referred to as an Eskimo roll) is the act of righting a capsized kayak by use of body motion and/or a paddle.
 Typically this is done by lifting the torso towards the surface, flicking the hips to right the kayak, and applying a small force by means of the paddle to assist the torso back over the boat.
House dance is a social dance primarily danced to house music that has roots in the clubs of Chicago and of New York.
 The main elements of House dance include "Footwork", "Jacking", and "Lofting".
 House dance is often improvised and emphasizes fast and complex foot-oriented steps combined with fluid movements in the torso, as well as floor work.
Solid solution strengthening is a type of alloying that can be used to improve the strength of a pure metal.
 The technique works by adding atoms of one element (the alloying element) to the crystalline lattice of another element (the base metal), forming a solid solution.
 The local nonuniformity in the lattice due to the alloying element makes plastic deformation more difficult by impeding dislocation motion.
 In contrast, alloying beyond the solubility limit can form a second phase, leading to strengthening via other mechanisms (e.g. the precipitation of intermetallic compounds).
In mathematics, a trivial semigroup (a semigroup with one element) is a semigroup for which the cardinality of the underlying set is one.
 The number of distinct nonisomorphic semigroups with one element is one.
 If "S" = { "a" } is a semigroup with one element then the Cayley table of "S" is as given below:
Jacking, or the jack, is a freestyle dance move in which the dancer ripples his or her torso back and forth in an undulating motion.
In mathematics, more specifically in ring theory, a cyclic module is a module that is generated by one element over a ring.
 The concept is analogous to cyclic group, that is, a group that is generated by one element.
In mathematics, the field with one element is a suggestive name for an object that should behave similarly to a finite field with a single element, if such a field could exist.
 This object is denoted F, or, in a French–English pun, F.
 The name "field with one element" and the notation F are only suggestive, as there is no field with one element in classical abstract algebra.
 Instead, F refers to the idea that there should be a way to replace sets and operations, the traditional building blocks for abstract algebra, with other, more flexible objects.
 While there is still no field with a single element in these theories, there is a field-like object whose characteristic is one.
In mathematics, a bijection, bijective function or one-to-one correspondence is a function between the elements of two sets, where each element of one set is paired with exactly one element of the other set, and each element of the other set is paired with exactly one element of the first set.
 There are no unpaired elements.
 In mathematical terms, a bijective function "f": "X" → "Y" is a one-to-one (injective) and onto (surjective) mapping of a set "X" to a set "Y".
House Dance International (“HDI”) is an annual street dance festival based in New York City that highlights the art forms of House dance, Vogue, Hustle, Waacking and Experimental, all of which are performed to house music or derivatives of electronic dance music.
 The three-day festival consists of a group choreography contest, freestyle competitions (i.e., "battles"), film screenings, seminars, workshops and parties.
 Established in 2007, HDI was the only event of its kind that exclusively focuses on the dance forms associated with house music culture (as compared to hip-hop dance forms such as b-boying, popping, locking, krumping, etc.).
In systems analysis, a one-to-one relationship is a type of cardinality that refers to the relationship between two entities (see also entity–relationship model) A and B in which one element of A may only be linked to one element of B, and vice versa.
