Higemaru Makaijima (魔界島 七つの島大冒険 , "Makaijima Nanatsu no Shima Daibōken" , lit.
 Hell Island: Great Adventure of 7 Islands) is an action-adventure game developed for the Famicom and MSX home computer, and released by Capcom in 1987.
 It is a sequel to a 1984 arcade game developed by Capcom known as "Pirate Ship Higemaru".
 Neither the arcade game, nor this adventure adaptation were released outside Japan, although a prototype exists for a canceled North American NES release, where it was to be renamed ""Makai Island"".
Red Dead Redemption is a Western action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games.
 It was released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles in May 2010.
 It is the second title in the "Red Dead" franchise, after 2004's "Red Dead Revolver".
 The game, set during the decline of the American Frontier in the year 1911, follows John Marston, a former outlaw whose wife and son are taken hostage by the government in ransom for his services as a hired gun.
 Having no other choice, Marston sets out to bring the three members of his former gang to justice.
Red Dead Redemption II is an upcoming western action-adventure video game developed and published by Rockstar Games for release on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in Q2 2018.
 The game is a prequel to the 2010 title "Red Dead Redemption" and will be the third entry in the "Red Dead" series.
 It follows outlaw Arthur Morgan, a member of the Dutch van der Linde gang.
Rise of the Kasai is an action-adventure game developed by BottleRocket Entertainment and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America exclusively for PlayStation 2.
 The game serves as a followup to the 2002 action-adventure game "The Mark of Kri".
 On March 8, 2016 It was re-released on the PlayStation 4.
Rugrats Royal Ransom is a 2002 action-adventure game developed by Avalanche Software and published by THQ for the PlayStation 2 and GameCube.
 The game was released on November 26, 2002, and is based on the "Rugrats" television series, which ran from 1991 to 2004 on Nickelodeon.
 The game's plot is loosely based on "".
 It is also the first and only Rugrats video game on the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube, as well as the last Rugrats video game on home consoles.
Romancia (ロマンシア ) , also known as Dragon Slayer Jr., is an action-adventure game developed by Nihon Falcom in 1986 for the PC-8801, PC-9801, MSX, and Sharp X1 computers.
 A later Famicom version was developed by Compile and published by Tokyo Shoseki.
 An enhanced remake was released for Windows in 1999 by Unbalance.
 It is the third in the "Dragon Slayer" series, preceded by "" and followed by "Dragon Slayer IV".
 "Romancia" is a simpler and brightly colored game in comparison to the other "Dragon Slayer" titles, hence the name "Dragon Slayer Jr."
Paul DeBoy (born September 14, 1955 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American actor.
 He is best known for appearances in "A Dirty Shame" as Wendell Doggett, "Red Dead Redemption" as Jimmy Saint, "Haber" as Bernhard Moritz and for episodes of "Law & Order" and "Law & Order Trial by Jury".
 DeBoy is a member of Naked Angels Tuesdays@9.
Undead Nightmare is an expansion pack to the 2010 video game "Red Dead Redemption".
 As a standalone episode, it adds a zombie horror-themed single-player campaign, two multiplayer modes, and cosmetic additions to the environments and characters of the open world Western action-adventure game.
 The alternate timeline story follows the returning protagonist and former outlaw John Marston as he seeks to find the cause and cure for a zombie plague that has infected his wife and son.
 Marston liberates towns overrun by the undead and assists other non-playable characters with quests along the way.
The Legend of Kage 2 (影之伝説 , Kage no Densetsu 2 ) is a Japanese action-adventure game developed by Lancarse for the Nintendo DS, and published by Taito in 2008.
 Taito's parent company, Square Enix, published a North American localization of the game later that year.
 "The Legend of Kage 2" is the sequel to "The Legend of Kage" (1985), an arcade game developed and distributed by Taito.
Red Dead Revolver is a 2004 western action-adventure third-person shooter video game developed by Rockstar San Diego, published by Rockstar Games and distributed by Take-Two Interactive for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
 It is the first game in the "Red Dead" series.
