Operation Balavegaya (Operation Power force) was a combined military operation launched by the Sri Lankan military in Jaffna, the largest amphibious assault in its history.
 Operation Balavegaya was launched in response to the siege of Elephant Pass by the LTTE.
 It is believed that Operation Balavegaya was the largest and most successful military operation of the Sri Lankan military until Operation Riviresa in 1995.
The Normandy landings (codenamed Operation Neptune) were the landing operations on Tuesday, 6 June 1944 (termed D-Day) of the Allied invasion of Normandy in Operation Overlord during World War II.
 The largest seaborne invasion in history, the operation began the liberation of German-occupied northwestern Europe from Nazi control, and contributed to the Allied victory on the Western Front.
Operation "Riviresa" (Operation Sunrays), was a combined military operation launched by the Sri Lankan Armed Forces in Jaffna.
 Starting on the 17 October 1995, the primary objective of the operation was the capture of the city of Jaffna and rest of the Jaffna peninsula from the LTTE (the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, better known as the Tamil Tigers).
 It is believed that Operation "Riviresa" was the largest and most successful military operation in Sri Lankan Armed Forces history in recent times.
The raid on Havre de Grace was a seaborne military operation that took place on 3 May 1813.
 A squadron of the British Royal Navy under Rear Admiral George Cockburn attacked the town of Havre de Grace, Maryland, at the mouth of the Susquehanna River.
 Although the raid resulted in just one American casualty, it catalyzed widespread hatred of Cockburn by the Americans.
The Riddle of the Sands is a 1979 English spy thriller cinema film based upon the novel of the same name written by Erskine Childers.
 Set in 1901, and starring Michael York and Simon MacCorkindale, it concerns the efforts of two English yachtsmen to avert a plot by the II Reich to launch a military seaborne invasion of England.
The Invasion of the Kuril Islands (Russian: Курильская десантная операция "Kuril Islands Landing Operation") was the World War II Soviet military operation to capture the Kuril Islands from Japan in 1945.
 The invasion was part of the Manchurian Strategic Offensive Operation, and was decided on when plans to land on Hokkaido were abandoned.
 The successful military operations of the Red Army at Mudanjiang and during the Invasion of South Sakhalin created the necessary prerequisites for invasion of the Kuril Islands.
Carlos Román Delgado Chalbaud Gómez (20 January 1909 – 13 November 1950) was a Venezuelan career military officer, and as leader of a military junta was President of Venezuela from 1948 to 1950.
 By 1945 he was a high-ranking officer and was among the leaders of a military coup which brought to power the mass membership party Democratic Action.
 In 1948, whilst Minister of Defense, he led another military coup and became head of state as President of a military junta, serving in that position until his death.
 He was assassinated in Caracas.
Edmond Andrew Harjo (November 24, 1917 – March 31, 2014) was an American Seminole Code Talker during World War II.
 Harjo, who served with his brothers at the Normandy landings and the Battle of Iwo Jima, was the last surviving code talker from the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma.
 On November 20, 2013, a group representing thirty-three Native American tribes were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian honor bestowed by the United States Congress, for their service as code talkers.
 Harjo was the only surviving code talker present.
 He was presented with a silver duplicate of the gold medal representing his tribe.
Operation Mersad (Persian: عملیات مرصاد‎ ‎ , meaning "ambush") was the last major military operation of the Iran–Iraq War, ending in a decisive victory for Iran.
 The operation involved a successful counterattack against a July 1988 military incursion from Iraq, by a military force of about 7,000 members of the Mujahadeen-e-Khalq (MEK).
 The MEK soldiers were armed, equipped and given air support by Iraq.
 Led by Lt. General Ali Sayad Shirazi, Operation Mersad began on 26 July 1988 and lasted only a few days, where the Iranian Armed Forces crushed the MEK in what was the last military operation of any significance of the war.
The Maeda Aircraft Corporation created the Ku-6.
 Maeda was designed by The Aeronautical Institute of the Imperial University in Tokyo.
 It was designed with all the requirements that the Army’s Troop Transport Command needed.
 The main problem that the army faced was the difficulty of moving armored fighting vehicles long distances over the main islands of Japan to resist seaborne invasion.They came up with the idea that it could be done by equipping the vehicle with wings, empennage, and take-off carriages.
 Once landed, all the items that needed to make the vehicle airborne would be quickly detached to allow it to go into action as a ground vehicle.
