Tímea Babos and Kimiko Date-Krumm were the defending champions, but chose not to participate together.
 Babos played alongside Olga Govortsova, while Date-Krumm teamed up with Karolína Plíšková.
 The two teams were scheduled to meet in the semifinals, but Date-Krumm withdrew with a right leg injury.
<br>
Tímea Babos and Yaroslava Shvedova were the defending champions; however, both players chose not to participate.
Tímea Babos and Hsieh Su-wei were the defending champions, but Babos decided not to participate.
<br>
Tímea Babos and Kristina Mladenovic were the defending champions, but chose not to compete together.
 Babos played alongside Julia Görges, but lost in the semifinals to Caroline Garcia and Mladenovic.
<br>
Tímea Babos and Lucie Šafářová were the defending champions, but chose not to participate together.
 Babos played alongside Kristina Mladenovic, but lost in the semifinals to Raquel Kops-Jones and Abigail Spears.
 Šafářová teamed up with Belinda Bencic, but lost in the first round to Kimiko Date-Krumm and Karolína Plíšková.
<br>
Tímea Babos and Chan Hao-ching were the defending champions, but Chan chose not to participate this year.
 Babos chose to play in Monterrey, but lost in the first round.
The 2012 Monterrey Open was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.
 It was the 4th edition of the Monterrey Open and was an International tournament on the 2012 WTA Tour.
 It took place at the Sierra Madre Tennis Club in Monterrey, Mexico, from 20 to 26 February.
 Tímea Babos won the singles title.
Martina Hingis and Sania Mirza were the defending champions, but chose not to participate together this year.
 Hingis played alongside Coco Vandeweghe, but lost in the quarterfinals to Tímea Babos and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova.
 Mirza teamed up with Barbora Strýcová, but lost in the final to Babos and Pavlyuchenkova, 4–6, 4–6.
Tímea Babos and Michaëlla Krajicek were the defending champions, having won the event in 2013, however both players chose not to participate.
Tímea Babos (] ; born 10 May 1993) is a Hungarian tennis player.
