Hold Me While I'm Naked, also known as Color Me Lurid, is a 1966 American underground short 16 mm film directed by George Kuchar.
 It stars Kuchar, Donna Kerness, Stella Kuchar, and Andrea Lunin.
 The most popular and acclaimed of Kuchar's filmography of over 200 films – it was voted 52nd in "Village Voice"'s Critics' Poll of the 100 Best Films of the 20th Century.
Courtney Love is an American musician and actress who began her professional career in film in 1986 with a supporting role in Alex Cox's "Sid and Nancy" (1986); she had prior studied film with experimental director George Kuchar at the San Francisco Art Institute in 1984, and appeared in one of Kuchar's short films.
 After pursuing music and having a successful career as the frontwoman of alternative rock band Hole, Love also had intermittent roles in films, most notably receiving critical attention for her performance as Althea Flynt in Miloš Forman's 1996 biopic "The People vs. Larry Flynt", which earned her a Golden Globe Nomination for Best Actress, as well as awards from the Boston, Chicago, New York, and Los Angeles film critics associations.
 Love later appeared among an ensemble cast in "200 Cigarettes" (1998), as well as in a leading role in "Man on the Moon" (1999) alongside Jim Carrey, for which she received critical recognition.
 She later appeared in several independent films and short subjects as well as the thriller "Trapped" (2002) alongside Charlize Theron and Kevin Bacon, and "Julie Johnson" (2001), for which she received an award for Best Actress at Los Angeles' gay and lesbian Outfest film festival.
I Was a Teenage Serial Killer is an underground no budget film written and directed by "The Queen of Underground Film", Sarah Jacobson.
 It is a short black-and-white film of a 19-year-old girl who is sick of sexist men and kills them.
 It was Jacobson's first film and it was released through her own company, Station Wagon Productions.
 She made the film under the guidance of her teacher, George Kuchar.
 The film featured songs by Heavens to Betsy.
GOSH!
 magazine was a Los Angeles-based arts, entertainment, and fashion magazine published in eleven issues between October, 1978 and August, 1979.
 In its short history it became notable enough to be recognized by the Smithsonian Institution and included in their archives.
 In addition, GOSH!
 articles written by Dennis Cooper have been archived as part of the Dennis Cooper Papers in the Fales Library and Special Collections of New York University.
 It was distributed free of charge in art galleries, alternative bookstores and music shops in the Los Angeles area.
 Articles ranged from interviews with experimental filmmakers like George Kuchar, Sara Kathryn Arledge, and Ted V. Mikels; influential radio announcers like Rodney Bingenheimer; to reviews of art exhibits, like Susan Greiger's (now Susan Singer) controversial show at Aarnun gallery featuring life-sized nude photos arranged in a flip book and an exhibit about how celebrities and common folk relate to their own noses.
Penn & Teller Get Killed is a 1989 black comedy film directed by Arthur Penn starring the magicians Penn & Teller.
 The duo play themselves, in a satirical account of what the audience would perhaps imagine the pair doing in their daily lives.
 Most of the action involves Penn and Teller playing practical jokes on each other along with Penn's girlfriend, Carlotta (Caitlin Clarke).
 The final joke, as the title of the film implies, has serious consequences for all three.
 It was the last theatrical film to be directed by Arthur Penn, and received mostly negative reviews from critics.
Lynne Sachs (born August 10, 1961 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American experimental filmmaker who makes films, videos, installations and web projects exploring the relationship between personal observations and broader historical experiences.
 She is known for weaving together poetry, collage, painting, politics and layered sound design.
 After graduating from Brown University and majoring in history, she developed an interest in experimental documentary filmmaking while attending the 1985 Robert Flaherty Documentary Film Seminar through a scholarship.
 There, she was particularly inspired by the works of Bruce Conner, who would later become her mentor, and Maya Deren.
 That same year, Sachs moved to San Francisco to attend San Francisco State University and later the San Francisco Art Institute.
 It was during this time that she studied and collaborated with Trinh T. Minh-ha, George Kuchar and Gunvor Nelson.
Marie Losier (born in 1972 in France) is a French filmmaker and curator who has been living and working in New York City for 20 years.
 She has shown her film and video work at a number of museums, galleries, festivals and biennials internationally.
 Losier has studied literature at the University of Nanterre (France) and fine arts at Hunter College in New York City.
 She has made many film portraits based on directors, musicians and composers, including George Kuchar, Guy Maddin, Richard Foreman, Tony Conrad, Genesis P-Orridge and Alan Vega.
 Her films are distributed by Video Data Bank.
 Additionally, Losier has been the film curator at the French Institute Alliance Française since 2000.
We, the Normal is a 1987 video by American video artist George Kuchar.
 "We, the Normal" records Kuchar's trip to Boulder, Colorado.
 In the video, Kuchar addresses humanity, nature, society.
Anita Needs Me is a 1963 short film directed by George Kuchar and starring Maulis Pearson as Anita.
 It has a runtime of 16 minutes.
It Came from Kuchar is a 2009 documentary film about twin underground filmmakers George Kuchar and Mike Kuchar directed by Jennifer Kroot (a former student of George Kuchar at the San Francisco Art Institute) and produced by Tigerlily Films LLC.
 The film includes commentary by John Waters, Christopher Coppola, Wayne Wang, B. Ruby Rich, Atom Egoyan, Guy Maddin, Bill Griffith, and Buck Henry.
