Simone Torres arrives in the fictional town of Pine Valley, Pennsylvania in 2001 at the behest of Edmund Grey in order to aid his brother-in-law Mateo Santos uncover the identity of the drug lord "Proteus".
 An investigative reporter, Simone works to find Proteus's true identity while pretending to be engaged in an affair with Mateo, in order to protect the latter's wife and son from Proteus's wrath.
 Simone falls in love with Mateo, but it is clear his heart lies with his wife Hayley.
 Simone mistakenly believes that a legitimate book publisher is interested in her authoring a book on the investigation.
 Revealing inside information to the publisher, Simone is shocked when it turns out to be a front set up by "Vanessa Cortlandt", the real Proteus.
 As a result of Simone's leak, FBI agent "Chris Stamp" is almost killed.
 A furious Mateo distances himself from Simone.
The Haitian Revolution provoked mixed reactions in the United States.
 In June 1793 when the Haitian people, led by Toussaint Louverture, overthrew the French colonial rule and declared themselves an independent colony, it made the neighboring United States uneasy.
 The slaves in Saint-Domingue’s were able to observe the growing disunity among the white colonists and themselves.
 They realized that they would need to seek an opportunity to stop the tyranny that was being placed upon them, thus they took a stand and revolted.
 The Haitian Revolution of 1804 impacted the United States of America, led by Thomas Jefferson, instilling fear of racial instability in the US, and the possible problematic effect the revolution could have on the early foreign relations and trade between the US and the new independent Haiti.
 Thomas Jefferson realized that the Haitian Revolution had the potential to cause an upheaval against slavery in the US not only by the slaves themselves, but by white abolitionists as well.
 Southern slaveholders feared that the revolt might spread from the island of Hispaniola to the slave plantations of the Southern United States.
 The primary goal of the US was to maintain social order in the country, so the United States attempted to suppress the Haitian Revolution.
 The US even went as far as to refuse acknowledgement of Haitian independence until 1862, which was during the heat of the North American civil war; coincidentally the main causal factor for the war between the states was slavery.
 The second major impact that the Haitian Revolution had on the United States was on early foreign relations and trade that had been conducted with Haiti.
 The United States had conducted trade and commerce with the Haitian island under French rule during the eighteenth century.
 Haiti was the main producer of the United States supply of sugar and coffee, and once the Haitian slave population had broken from slavery, the US was reluctant to continue trade with them in fear that they would upset the French and the Southern slaveholders.
 American merchants conducted a substantial trade with the plantations on Hispaniola (aka the French colony of Saint Domingue or Haiti).
 But there were anti-slavery advocates in northern cities who believed that consistency with the principles of the American Revolution — life, liberty and equality for all—demanded that the U.S. support the slave insurgents.
 An extremely beneficial aspect and real estate triumph that resulted from the Haitian Revolution and impacted the United States was the Louisiana Purchase.
 Once Napoleon had lost his control of the land holding in the Caribbean to the Haitian rebellion, he felt that the French territory in the southern part of the United States was useless to the French Empire.
 The US was only interested in the New Orleans area; however, the revolution enabled the sale of the entire territory west of the Mississippi River for around $15 million.
 This purchase more than doubled the United States’ territory.
Suzanne Simone Baptiste Louverture (around 1742 – May 19, 1816 in Agen, France) was the wife of Toussaint Louverture and the "Dame-Consort" of the French colony of Saint-Domingue.
Joseph Saint-Rémy (1818 - 1856) was a Haitian historian.
 He is best known for his biography "La Vie de Toussaint Louverture" about the Haitian Revolution leader Toussaint L'Ouverture, and for his work "Pétion et Haïti", about another Revolutionary figure, Alexandre Pétion.
 Born in Guadeloupe, Saint-Rémy emigrated to Haiti as a young child and grew up in Les Cayes before leaving for school in France.
François-Dominique Toussaint Louverture (] 20 May 1743 – 7 April 1803), also known as Toussaint L'Ouverture or Toussaint Bréda, was the best-known leader of the Haitian Revolution.
 His military and political acumen saved the gains of the first Black insurrection in November 1791.
 He first fought for the Spanish against the French; then for France against Spain and Great Britain; and finally, for Saint-Domingue against Napoleonic France.
 He then helped transform the insurgency into a revolutionary movement, which by 1800 had turned Saint-Domingue, the most prosperous slave colony of the time, into the first free colonial society to have explicitly rejected race as the basis of social ranking.
The War of Knives (French: "Guerre des couteaux"), also known as the War of the South, was a civil war from June 1799 to July 1800 between the Haitian revolutionary Toussaint Louverture, a black ex-slave who controlled the north of Saint-Domingue (modern-day Haiti), and his adversary André Rigaud, a free colored person of mixed race who controlled the south.
 Louverture and Rigaud fought over de facto control of the French colony of Saint-Domingue during the war, which took place after the two men had successfully expelled foreign forces from the colony as part of the Haitian Revolution.
 The war resulted in Toussaint taking control of the entirety of Saint-Domingue, and Rigaud fleeing into exile.
"Revolution" is a 1969 song by American jazz musician Nina Simone and Weldon Irvine.
 It was released as a single in 1969 and on the album "To Love Somebody" in 1969.
 The single release was split over two sides of a 45 rpm disc and these two edits were used as separate tracks on the album.
 The song was released the year after the Beatles' "Revolution", and is seen by some as a variation of that song.
 "Revolution" didn't do as well as expected and Simone has expressed surprise and disappointment at its lack of success.
The Toussaint L'Ouverture County Cemetery is an historical African-American cemetery located in Franklin, Tennessee.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 It is named for Toussaint Louverture, the leader of the Haitian Revolution.
 The earliest recorded burials date from 1869, but it wasn't officially incorporated until 1884.
 It is "the oldest African American institution in continuous use" in Williamson County.
Suzanne Bélair, called "Sanité Bélair", (1781 – 5 October 1802), was a Haitian Freedom fighter and revolutionary, lieutenant in the army of Toussaint Louverture.
Jean Baptiste Brunet (7 July 1763 – 21 September 1824) was a French general of division in the French Revolutionary Army.
 He was responsible for the arrest of Toussaint Louverture.
 He was promoted to command a light infantry demi-brigade at the Fleurus in 1794.
 He led the unit in François Joseph Lefebvre's division in the 1795, 1796 and 1799 campaigns.
 He was the son of French general Gaspard Jean-Baptiste Brunet who was guillotined in 1793.
