Earl of Melville is a title in the Peerage of Scotland.
 It was created in 1690 for the Scottish soldier and statesman George Melville, 4th Lord Melville.
 He was made Lord Raith, Monymaill and Balwearie and Viscount of Kirkcaldy at the same time, also in the Peerage of Scotland.
 He married Catherine Leslie, daughter of Alexander Leslie, Lord Balgonie, and granddaughter of Alexander Leslie, 1st Earl of Leven.
 Lord Melville was succeeded upon his death in 1707 by his eldest surviving son, David, who already in 1681 had succeeded to the earldom of Leven through his mother.
 The two earldoms have since remained united.
 For further history of the titles, see Earl of Leven.
 The title Lord Melville, of Monymaill, was created in the Peerage of Scotland in 1616 for Robert Melville, an Extraordinary Lord of Session under the judicial title Lord Murdochairnie, with remainder to his elder brother, John Melville.
 He was succeeded by his son, Robert, the second Lord.
 He was a Lord of Session under the judicial title Lord Burntisland.
 In 1628 he obtained a regrant of the title with remainder to his heirs general bearing the name of Melville.
 Lord Melville died childless and was succeeded by his first cousin once removed, John Melville, the third Lord, grandson of the aforementioned John Melville, elder brother of the first Lord.
 The third Lord was succeeded by his son, the aforementioned fourth Lord, who was created Earl of Melville in 1690.
The Livingston family of New York is a prominent family that migrated from Scotland to the Dutch Republic to the Province of New York in the 17th century.
 Descended from William, 4th Lord Livingston, its members included signers of the United States Declaration of Independence (Philip Livingston) and the United States Constitution (William Livingston).
 Several members were Lords of Livingston Manor and Clermont Manor, located along the Hudson River in 18th-century eastern New York.
William Livingstone, 6th Lord Livingston, (died 1592), was a Scottish lord of Parliament.
Lt. Col. William Francis Cyril James Hamilton Napier, 13th Lord Napier, 4th Baron Ettrick DL (9 September 1900 – 23 August 1954) was a Scottish soldier and courtier.
 He was the eldest son of Francis Napier, the 12th Lord Napier and his wife Hon. Clarice Jessie E. Hamilton, daughter of James Hamilton, 9th Lord Belhaven and Stenton.
 He was educated at Wellington College and Sandhurst.
 He succeeded as Lord Napier and Ettrick and as chief of the name and arms of Clan Napier upon his father's death in 1941.
Morrisania ( ) is the historical name for the South Bronx in New York City, New York.
 The name derives from the Manor of Morrisania, the vast 2,000 acre estate of the powerful and aristocratic Morris family, who at one time owned most of the Bronx as well as much of New Jersey.
 The family includes Lewis Morris, 4th Lord of the Manor, and a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence, and Gouverneur Morris, penman of the United States Constitution.
 Both are buried in the crypt at St. Ann's Church of Morrisania.
William Falconer, 6th Lord of Halkerton was born about 1712, son of David Falconer, 4th Lord Falconer of Halkerton and Katharine Margaret Keith.
Sir James Douglas, 1st Lord Mordington (died 11 February 1656) was the second son of William Douglas, 10th Earl of Angus by his spouse Elizabeth, daughter of Laurence Oliphant, 4th Lord Oliphant.
 He was created, by King Charles I, a Lord of Parliament on 14 November 1641 as Lord Mordington.
Hugh Somerville, 5th Lord Somerville (c. 1484 – 1549) was a lord of the Parliament of Scotland.
 He is sometimes reckoned to be the 4th Lord Somerville.
 He succeeded his brother, John Somerville, 4th Lord Somerville.
 Hugh and John were sons of William Somerville, Master of Somerville, and Marjory Montgomerie.
Major (Francis) Nigel Napier, 14th Lord Napier, 5th Baron Ettrick (5 December 1930 – 15 March 2012) was a Scottish soldier and courtier.
 He was the son of Lt.-Colonel William Francis Cyril James Hamilton Napier, 13th Lord Napier, 4th Baron Ettrick and Violet Muir Newson, daughter of Sir Percy Wilson Newson, 1st Bt.
Earl of Callendar was a title in the Peerage of Scotland.
 It was created in 1641 for James Livingston, 1st Lord Livingston of Almond, a younger son of Alexander Livingston, 1st Earl of Linlithgow, along with the subsidiary title Lord Livingston and Almond.
 The 4th Earl later inherited the more senior Earldom of Linlithgow from his uncle, with which title the Earldom of Callendar was merged until its forfeiture by attainder in 1716.
 The seat of the Earls of Callendar was Callendar House in Falkirk.
