The 1963 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1963 college football season.
 The Vandals were led by second-year head coach Dee Andros and were an independent in the NCAA's University Division.
 Home games were played on campus at Neale Stadium in Moscow, with one home game in Boise at old Bronco Stadium at Boise Junior College.
The 1971 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1971 college football season.
 The Vandals, led by second-year head coach Don Robbins, were members of the Big Sky Conference and played the final three of their five home games at the new Idaho Stadium, an outdoor facility on campus in Moscow, Idaho.
The 1956 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1956 college football season.
 The Vandals were led by third-year head coach Skip Stahley and were members of the Pacific Coast Conference.
 Home games were played on campus at Neale Stadium in Moscow, with one home game in Boise at old Bronco Stadium at Boise Junior College.
The 1972 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1972 college football season.
 The Vandals were led by third-year head coach Don Robbins and were members of the Big Sky Conference, then in the college division of the NCAA.
 They played their home games at new Idaho Stadium, an unlit outdoor facility on campus in Moscow, Idaho.
The 1952 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1952 college football season.
 The Vandals were led by second-year head coach Raymond "Babe" Curfman and were members of the Pacific Coast Conference.
 Home games were played on campus at Neale Stadium in Moscow, with one home game in Boise at old Bronco Stadium at Boise Junior College.
The Little Brown Stein is a rivalry trophy awarded to the winner of the college football game between the University of Idaho Vandals and University of Montana Grizzlies.
 The trophy is, as the name implies, a large stein mug with the results of all the games between the two painted on.
The 1957 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1957 college football season.
 The Vandals were led by fourth-year head coach Skip Stahley and were members of the Pacific Coast Conference.
 Home games were played on campus at Neale Stadium in Moscow, with one home game in Boise at old Bronco Stadium at Boise Junior College.
The 1947 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1947 college football season.
 The Vandals were led by first-year head coach Dixie Howell, and were members of the Pacific Coast Conference.
 Home games were played on campus in Moscow at Neale Stadium, with one game in Boise at Public School Field.
 The Vandals were 4–4 overall and 1–4 in conference play.
The 1964 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1964 college football season.
 The Vandals were led by third-year head coach Dee Andros and were an independent in the NCAA's University Division.
 Home games were played on campus at Neale Stadium in Moscow, with one home game in Boise at old Bronco Stadium at Boise Junior College.
The 2006 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho during the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 Idaho competed as a member of the Western Athletic Conference (WAC), and played their home games in the Kibbie Dome, an indoor facility on campus in Moscow, Idaho.
 The Vandals were led by Dennis Erickson, hired following the departure of Nick Holt for an assistant's position at USC in February 2006.
 Erickson was previously the head coach of the Vandals from 1982-85, his first collegiate head coaching position.
