The Barefoot at the Symphony Tour was concert tour by American actress and singer Idina Menzel.
 This marks Menzel's first concert tour after giving birth to her son Walker Nathaniel Diggs.
 The tour featured Menzel performing a diverse repoitore of classic pop, musical theater favorites—including hits from "Wicked", "Rent", "Glee", and songs from her third studio album "I Stand"—all accompanied by major symphony orchestras including the New York Philharmonic, San Francisco Symphony, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, and more, featuring symphonic arrangements by Musical Director and pianist Rob Mounsey.
Here is the first EP by American singer-actress Idina Menzel.
 Unable to find acting gigs, Menzel began recording the album in 1999, but was dropped by Hollywood Records after her previous album "Still I Can't Be Still" flopped.
 In 2004, Menzel self-released "Here", despite it being incomplete.
 While Menzel was performing in "Wicked" which earned her a big rise to fame, she sold copies of the album at the Gershwin Theatre.
 The album has sold around 2,000 copies and is currently out-of-print.
Party Princess is a term associated with a person who entertains children at birthday parties, often dressed as different Disney characters.
 The most common party princesses costumes are Elsa, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty and The Little Mermaid.
 Party princesses generally perform at private birthday parties for young girls - they sing, dance and play with the girls, all-while maintaining a party theme based on the character they're dressed up as.
 Party princesses are most common in upper-middle-class and upper class areas and are a common sight in Beverly Hills and North Hollywood.
Still I Can't Be Still is Idina Menzel's debut album, recorded and released in 1998.
 While wowing audiences in the original production of "Rent", Menzel was offered a record deal with Hollywood Records.
 After selling less than 10,000 copies in the US and missing the Billboard 200, Menzel's label put the album out of print, and she was dropped from the label.
 However, demand for the album grew significantly after Menzel rose to a greater fame with her Tony-winning performance in "Wicked", and was subsequently re-released in September 2005.
Shelby Corcoran is a recurring fictional character from the Fox musical comedy-drama series "Glee".
 Portrayed by actress Idina Menzel, Shelby was introduced in the fourteenth episode of the show as the coach of Vocal Adrenaline, a rival show choir to New Directions, the show's primary musical group.
 Fans had lobbied for Menzel to be cast as Rachel Berry's (Lea Michele) biological mother, due to the strong physical resemblance between Menzel and Michele.
 After it is revealed that Shelby is, in fact, Rachel's biological mother, Shelby discloses that she had signed a contract that stated that she could not seek out her daughter until she was eighteen.
 She tells Rachel that instead of trying to act like mother and daughter, they should just be grateful that they have met, and maintain their distance.
Idina (stylized as idina.)
 is the eponymous fifth studio album by singer Idina Menzel.
 It was released on September 23, 2016, by Warner Bros.
 Records.
Idina 2017 World Tour is a concert tour by actress and singer Idina Menzel.
Queen Elsa of Arendelle is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Animation Studios' 53rd animated film "Frozen".
 She is voiced primarily by Broadway actress and singer Idina Menzel.
 At the beginning of the film, she is voiced by Eva Bella as a young child and by Spencer Lacey Ganus as a teenager.
Idina Menzel: Live at Radio City was a concert by American singer-songwriter and actress Idina Menzel at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, New York on June 16, 2014.
 In the wake of the success of Disney's popular animated film "Frozen "(2013), in which Menzel starred as Elsa, Menzel announced in April 2014 that she will be headlining a one-night-only concert at Radio City Music Hall on her break from her eight shows a week.
Idina Menzel: World Tour was a concert tour by actress and singer Idina Menzel.
