The Fulton Street Line, also called the Fulton Street Elevated or Kings County Line, was an elevated rail line mostly in Brooklyn, New York City, United States.
 It ran above Fulton Street from Fulton Ferry, Brooklyn in Downtown Brooklyn east to East New York, and then south on Van Sinderen Avenue (southbound) and Snediker Avenue (northbound), east on Pitkin Avenue, north on Euclid Avenue, and east on Liberty Avenue to Ozone Park, Queens.
 The portion in Brooklyn has been torn down, but most of the line in Queens has been connected to the New York City Subway and is now part of the IND Fulton Street Line (a portion of the A and C), an underground line that replaced the elevated line in Brooklyn.
 The structure was the main line of the Kings County Elevated Railway, first opened in 1888.
Fort Greene is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.
 Part of Brooklyn Community Board 2 and served by the New York City Police Department's 88th Precinct, Fort Greene is listed on the New York State Registry and on the National Register of Historic Places, and is a New York City–designated Historic District.
 It is located in northwest Brooklyn in the area known as South Brooklyn, just across from Lower Manhattan and north of Prospect Park.
One Worldwide Plaza is the largest tower of a three-building, mixed-use commercial and residential complex completed in 1989, in the New York City borough of Manhattan, known collectively as Worldwide Plaza.
 One Worldwide Plaza is a commercial office tower on Eighth Avenue.
 Two Worldwide Plaza is a residential condominium tower west of the center of the block, and Three Worldwide Plaza is a low-rise condominium residential building with street level stores on Ninth Avenue, to the west of the towers.
 Skidmore, Owings & Merrill was the designer for the office complex, and the residential complex was designed by Frank Williams.
 The complex, whose component skyscrapers are among the list of tallest buildings in New York City, occupies an entire city block, bounded by Eighth Avenue, Ninth Avenue, 49th Street, and 50th Street.
 Located on the west side of Eighth Avenue, One Worldwide Plaza is built on the site of New York City's third Madison Square Garden.
Tower 49 is an office skyscraper in the Midtown Manhattan district of New York City.
 The lot is fronted on both 48th Street and 49th Street between 5th Avenue and Madison Avenue.
 The street frontages were offset by about the width of an NYC brownstone lot on both sides.
Queens is the easternmost and largest in area of the five boroughs of New York City.
 It is geographically adjacent to the borough of Brooklyn at the southwestern end of Long Island, and to Nassau County farther east on Long Island; in addition, Queens shares water borders with the boroughs of Manhattan and the Bronx.
 Coterminous with Queens County since 1899, the borough of Queens is the second-largest in population (after Brooklyn), with a census-estimated 2,333,054 residents in 2016, approximately 48% of them foreign-born.
 Queens County also is the second-most populous county in the U.S. state of New York, behind the neighboring borough of Brooklyn, which is coterminous with Kings County.
 Queens is the fourth-most densely populated county among New York City's boroughs, as well as in the United States.
 If each of New York City's boroughs were an independent city, Queens also would be the nation's fourth most populous, after Los Angeles, Chicago, and Brooklyn.
 Queens is the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world.
John Ward Hunter (October 15, 1807 – April 16, 1900) was a United States Representative from New York.
 Born in Bedford (now known as Bedford Stuyvesant), New York (now part of Brooklyn), he received a liberal schooling and was a clerk in a wholesale grocery store in New York City in 1824.
 He was a clerk in the U.S. Custom House at New York City from 1831 to 1836, and was assistant auditor of the customhouse from 1836 to 1865.
 He engaged in banking as treasurer of the Dime Savings Bank in Brooklyn, and was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-ninth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of James Humphrey.
 Hunter held office from December 4, 1866 to March 3, 1867; while in Congress, he was censured by the House of Representatives on January 26, 1867 for the use of unparliamentary language.
 He was not a candidate for renomination in 1866; in 1875 and 1876 he was mayor of Brooklyn.
 His successor as mayor was Frederick A. Schroeder, a Republican.
 Hunter was elected the first President of the Society of Old" "Brooklynites.
 The prestigious civic organization which was founded in 1880, still holds monthly public meetings in the Brooklyn Surrogate's Courtroom.
New York has two Major League Baseball teams, the New York Yankees (based in the Bronx) and the New York Mets (based in Queens).
 New York is home to three National Hockey League franchises: the New York Rangers in Manhattan, the New York Islanders in Brooklyn and the Buffalo Sabres in Buffalo.
 New York has two National Basketball Association teams, the New York Knicks in Manhattan, and the Brooklyn Nets in Brooklyn.
 New York has one Major League Soccer team: New York City FC.
 Although the New York Red Bulls represent the New York metropolitan area they play in Red Bull Arena, located in Harrison, New Jersey.
East New York is a residential neighborhood in the eastern section of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City, United States.
 The neighborhood is part of Brooklyn Community District 5, covered by Brooklyn Community Board 5.
 Its boundaries, starting from the north and moving clockwise are: Cypress Hills Cemetery to the north, the Borough of Queens to the east, Jamaica Bay to the south, and the Bay Ridge Branch railway tracks next to Van Sinderen Avenue to the west.
 Linden Boulevard and Atlantic Avenue are the primary thoroughfares through East New York.
 Its ZIP Codes include 11207, 11208, and 11239.
 The area is patrolled by the 75th Precinct located at 1000 Sutter Avenue.
 New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) property in the area is patrolled by P.S.A. 2.
 During the latter part of the twentieth century, East New York came to be predominantly inhabited by African Americans and Latinos.
Brooklyn Heights is an affluent residential neighborhood within the New York City borough of Brooklyn.
 Originally referred to as Brooklyn Village, it has been a prominent area of Brooklyn since 1834.
 The neighborhood is noted for its low-rise architecture and its many brownstone rowhouses, most of them built prior to the Civil War.
 It also has an abundance of notable churches and other religious institutions.
 Brooklyn's first art gallery, the Brooklyn Arts Gallery, was opened in Brooklyn Heights in 1958.
 In 1965, a large part of Brooklyn Heights was protected from unchecked development by the creation of the Brooklyn Heights Historic District, the first such district in New York City.
 The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) operates a number of bus routes in Brooklyn, New York, United States; one minor route is privately operated under a city franchise.
 Many of them are the direct descendants of streetcar lines (see list of streetcar lines in Brooklyn); the ones that started out as bus routes were almost all operated by the Brooklyn Bus Corporation, a subsidiary of the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation, until the New York City Board of Transportation took over on June 5, 1940.
 Of the 55 local Brooklyn routes operated by the New York City Transit Authority, roughly 35 are the direct descendants of one or more streetcar lines, and most of the others were introduced in full or in part as new bus routes by the 1930s.
 Only the eastern section of the B82 (then the B50), the B83, and the B84 were created by New York City Transit from scratch, in 1978, 1966, and 2013, respectively.
