Double (pronounced "doo-blay") was a Swiss music duo best known for their hit single "The Captain of Her Heart".
Feargal Sharkey is the first solo album of former Undertones singer Feargal Sharkey.
 The album was released in 1985, peaking at #12 in the UK and contains Sharkey's best known single "A Good Heart" his only No. 1.
Peter, Sue and Marc were a Swiss music group from Bern.
 The members were Peter Reber (born 1949, vocals / piano / guitar), Sue Schell (born 1950 in New York, vocals), and Marc Dietrich (born 1948, vocals / guitar).
 They represented Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest four times (and in four different languages, French in ESC 1971 with "Les illusions de nos vingt ans", English in 1976 with "Djambo, Djambo", German in 1979 with "Trödler und Co", Italian in 1981 with "Io senza te") and sold over 2 million records in Switzerland.
 They held concerts in many countries including Germany, Austria, and Japan.
 Their greatest hit was "Cindy" in 1976 (it was released in South Africa in 1978, where it became a hit, peaking at number 3 on the charts in November of that year).
 The song "Birds of paradise" became a hit in Slovakia in 2006.
 Initially the song was played at the funeral of 42 military plane crash victims.
 Following that people flooded radio stations across the country with requests for this song.
"The Captain of Her Heart" is a single by the Swiss duo Double in 1985.
 Taken from their 1985 album "Blue", the song is a ballad about a girl who stops waiting for her absent lover to return.
 The song was an international success, reaching No. 8 in the UK Singles Chart and No. 16 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The song also made Double the first Swiss act to hit the Top 40 in the Billboard Hot 100.
Parno Graszt is a Roma (i.e. "Gypsy") music ensemble from Paszab, Hungary founded in 1987.
 "Parno Grast" means "white horse" in the Romany language, with "graszt" using the Hungarian orthography 'sz' for 's'.
 In the Roma culture white is symbol of purity and horse is a symbol of freedom.
 Their debut album "Hit the piano" reached Number 7 on the World Music Chart Europe in October 2002.
 Hungarian Television and the BBC produced in 2004 a music documentary about Parno Graszt.
 After their second album, "Járom az utam" (2004), Parno Graszt was voted in the top 10 for "best artist of year", 2005, by the Swiss music magazine "Vibrations".
 In 2016, they competed in A Dal, the national final selection for Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Már nem szédülök", and reached the final.
Kurt Maloo (born Kurt Meier, April 16, 1953 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a Swiss singer-songwriter, composer, and record producer.
 He first achieved international success in 1986, as the singer and front man of the duo Double with the hit single, "The Captain of Her Heart".
2005 was a big year for Swiss music, with the charts becoming steadier yet less predictable than they had been in previous years.
 The year saw many chart debuts from both Swiss and international acts, and saw two novelty songs share a combined total of over ten weeks at the singles chart number one spot.
 Internationally, the Swiss also saw Vanilla Ninja take the country to their best Eurovision Song Contest position in twelve years.
"Move It Like This" is a song recorded by the Bahamian pop group Baha Men.
 It was released in February 2002 as the second single from the album, "Move It Like This".
 The song reached number 13 on the New Zealand RIANZ list, number 13 on the Canadian Singles Chart and number 65 on the Swiss Music Charts.
 The song was also featured on the 2002 compilation album "Now That's What I Call Music!
 10".
Stick Figure Neighbourhood was the first album by the Burlington band Spoons.
 Released in 1981, it received some airplay on college stations, particularly the songs "Conventional Beliefs" and "Red Light".
 It was their next album, "Arias & Symphonies", and its best known single, "Nova Heart", that were to launch them to fame.
"Devils Ball" is a song by Swiss duo Double, released as the lead single from their second studio album "Dou3le".
 The single was released in 1987, and featured a guest appearance from Herb Alpert, who played trumpet on the track.
