Silene menziesii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Menzies' campion and Menzies' catchfly.
 It is native to western North America from Alaska through the western half of Canada to the southwestern United States.
 It can be found in many types of habitat and it is quite common in much of its range.
 It is variable in morphology and there are a number of varied subtaxa.
 In general, it is a perennial herb growing from a caudex, appearing matlike, decumbent, or erect, with stems a few centimeters to over half a meter long.
 It is usually hairy in texture, with upper parts bearing sticky glandular hairs.
 The leaves are lance-shaped, oppositely arranged in pairs, and a few centimeters in length, upper leaves usually smaller than lower.
 Flowers may occur in a cyme at the top of the stem, or in leaf axils, or both.
 Each is encapsulated in a hairy, veined calyx of fused sepals.
 The petals are white with two lobes at the tips.
 The plant is dioecious with male and female plants producing different flowers.
 The male and female flower types look the same externally; the stamens are reduced in female plants and the stigmas are reduced in the male.
Silene stenophylla is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae.
 Commonly called narrow-leafed campion, it is a species in the genus "Silene".
 It grows in the Arctic tundra of far eastern Siberia and the mountains of Northern Japan.
 Frozen samples, estimated via radiocarbon dating to be around 32,000 years old, were discovered in the same area as current living specimens, and in 2012 a team of scientists successfully regenerated a plant from the samples.
Silene tomentosa, the Gibraltar campion, is a very rare flowering plant of the genus "Silene" and the family Caryophyllaceae.
 It is a woody-based perennial about 40cm high, with bilobed flowers ranging from pink to pale violet and is endemic to Gibraltar.
Silene oregana is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Oregon silene, Oregon campion and Oregon catchfly.
 It is native to the western United States, including the Great Basin, where it grows in habitat such as sagebrush and forests.
 It is a perennial herb growing from a woody caudex and taproot, sending up an erect, mostly unbranched stem which may be 70 centimeters tall.
 The lance-shaped leaves are up to 8 centimeters long around the caudex, and shorter farther up the stem.
 Flowers occur in a terminal cyme and sometimes in leaf axils.
 Each flower is encapsulated in a hairy, glandular calyx of fused sepals.
 The five petals are creamy white or pink-tinged in color and each has four to six long, fringelike lobes at the tip.
Silene noctiflora is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names night-flowering catchfly, nightflowering silene and clammy cockle.
 It is native to Eurasia, but it is known on other continents as an introduced species and sometimes a weed.
 In North America, it is a common weed of grain crops in the Canadian prairie provinces and in much of the United States.
 It grows in fields and in other disturbed habitat.
"Silene" are a flowering plant that evolved a dioecious reproductive system.
 This is made possible through heteromorphic sex chromosomes expressed as XY.
 "Silene" recently evolved sex chromosomes 5-10 million years ago and are widely used by geneticists and biologists to study the mechanisms of sex determination since they are one of only 39 species across 14 families of angiosperm that possess sex-determining genes.
 "Silene" are studied because of their ability to produce offspring with a plethora of reproductive systems.
 The common inference drawn from such studies is that the sex of the offspring is determined by the Y chromosome.
Silene conoidea is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names weed silene and large sand catchfly.
 It is native to Eurasia, and it is known in other parts of the world, such as western North America, as a weed.
 It is an annual herb growing up to a meter in height with a hairy, partially glandular stem.
 The lance-shaped leaves are up to 12 centimeters long near the base of the plant and smaller farther up.
 The flower is enclosed in an inflated, hairy, glandular calyx of fused sepals which is ridged with many veins.
 It is open at the top, revealing five bright pink petals.
Silene antirrhina is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names sleepy silene and sleepy catchfly.
 It is native to the Americas, where it is widespread throughout North America and parts of South America.
 It is known in Europe as an introduced species.
Silene suksdorfii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Suksdorf's silene, Suksdorf's catchfly and Cascade alpine campion.
 It is native to the Pacific Northwest of the United States, where it occurs from Washington and Idaho to northern California.
 It is mainly an alpine species, growing in the talus of high mountain slopes.
 It can also be found below the tree line in forested subalpine habitat.
 It is a squat perennial herb producing several erect stems from a leafy, woody caudex.
 It generally takes a clumpy form.
 The stems grow up to 10 or 15 centimeters tall and are hairy in texture, with glandular, sticky areas on the upper parts.
 The leaves occur in tufts around the caudex.
 They are fleshy and coated in soft hairs.
 Solitary flowers arise on erect peduncles.
 Each is encapsulated in an inflated calyx of fused sepals, which is starkly purple-veined and has purplish glandular hairs.
 The petals are white or purple-tinged and have two lobes at their tips and appendages at their bases.
Silene latifolia (formerly "Melandrium album"), the white campion is a dioecious flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae, native to most of Europe, Western Asia and Northern Africa.
 It is a herbaceous annual, occasionally biennial or a short-lived perennial plant, growing to between 40-80 centimetres tall.
 It is also known in the USA as bladder campion but should not be confused with "Silene vulgaris", which is more generally called Bladder Campion.
