The Teakettler (Urocyon iugulebesonia) is a legendary creature from American folklore with origins in lumberjack culture, specifically the lumber camps of Minnesota and Wisconsin.
 It is part of a group of similar folklore creatures known collectively as Fearsome Critters.
 It is said to resemble a small stubby legged dog with the ears of a cat.
 Its name comes from the sound it makes, which is akin to that of a boiling tea kettle.
 It only walks backwards, and steam issues from its mouth as it makes its whistle.
 As the myth goes, only a few lumberjacks have seen one, as they are very shy, but if a boiling kettle is heard and nowhere to be found, it is sure that a Teakettler is nearby.
Elsie Worthington Clews Parsons (November 27, 1875 – December 19, 1941) was an American anthropologist, sociologist, folklorist, and feminist who studied Native American tribes—such as the Tewa and Hopi—in Arizona, New Mexico, and Mexico.
 She helped found The New School.
 She was associate editor for "The Journal of American Folklore" (1918-1941), president of the American Folklore Society (1919-1920), president of the American Ethnological Society (1923-1925), and was elected the first female president of the American Anthropological Association (1941) right before her death.
Northern Sky Theater (formerly known as American Folklore Theatre or AFT) is a professional theater company that creates, develops, and produces musicals based on the populist culture and heritage of the United States.
 Located in Door County, Wisconsin, the company began in 1970 as The Heritage Ensemble, performing on the stage of the 700-seat outdoor theater in Peninsula State Park.
 In 1990, American Folklore Theatre was co-founded by Fred Alley, Frederick Heide, and Gerald Pelrine.
 In 2015, the company changed its name to Northern Sky Theater.
Public folklore is the term for the work done by folklorists in public settings in the United States and Canada outside of universities and colleges, such as arts councils, museums, folklife festivals, radio stations, etc.
 The term is actually short for ""public sector folklore"" and was first used by members of the American Folklore Society in the early 1970s.
 Archie Green is generally credited as the founder of the public folklore movement, although his work builds on that of Ben Botkin and Alan Lomax, going back as far as the 1930s.
 (They called their work "applied folklore," a related but distinct paradigm.)
The Hidebehind is a nocturnal fearsome critter from American folklore that preys upon humans that wander the woods, and was credited for the disappearances of early loggers when they failed to return to camp.
 As its name suggests, the Hidebehind is noted for its ability to conceal itself.
 When an observer attempts to look directly at it, the creature hides again behind an object or the observer and therefore can't be directly seen: a feat it accomplishes by sucking in its stomach to a point where it is so slender that it can easily cover itself behind the trunk of any tree.
 The Hidebehind uses this ability to stalk human prey without being observed and to attack without warning.
 Their victims, including lumberjacks who frequent the forests, are dragged back to the creature's lair to be devoured.
 The creature subsists chiefly upon the intestines of its victim, and has a severe aversion to alcohol, which is considered a sufficient repellent.
 Tales of the Hidebehind may have helped explain strange noises in the forest at night.
 Early accounts describe hidebehinds as large, powerful animals, despite the fact that no one was able to see them.
The American Folklore Society (AFS) is the US-based professional association for folklorists, with members from the US, Canada, and around the world, which aims to encourage research, aid in disseminating that research, promote the responsible application of that research, publish various forms of publications, advocate for the continued study and teaching of folklore, etc.
 The Society is based at Indiana University and has an annual meeting every October.
 The Society's quarterly publication is the "Journal of American Folklore".
 The current president is Kay Turner, independent scholar and public folklorist.
Jason Baird Jackson, Ph.D. (born 1969) is the Director of the Mathers Museum of World Cultures and Professor of Folklore and Anthropology at Indiana University Bloomington.
 He is "an advocate of open access issues and works for scholarly communications and scholarly publishing projects."
 At IUB, he has served as Chair of the Department of Folklore and Ethnomusicology and as Director of the Folklore Institute.
 According to the Journal of American Folklore, "Jason Baird Jackson establishes himself as one of the foremost scholars in American Indian studies today."
In American folklore, Chessie is a sea monster said to live in the midst of the Chesapeake Bay.
 Over the years there have been many alleged sightings of a serpent-like creature with flippers as part of its body.
 Most sighting reports describe it as a long, snake-like creature, from 25 ft to 40 ft long.
 It is said to swim using its body as a sine curve moving through the water.
 There were a rash of sightings in 1977 and more in the 1980s, with occasional reports since then.
The Journal of American Folklore is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Folklore Society.
 Since 2003 this has been done on its behalf by the University of Illinois Press.
 The journal has been published since the society's founding in 1888.
 It publishes on a quarterly schedule and incorporates scholarly articles, essays, and notes relating to its field.
 It also includes reviews of books, exhibitions and events.
Levette J. Davidson was a nationally acclaimed expert in folklore, especially that of Colorado and the West.
 He was born in Eureka, Illinois May 16, 1894, one of four children.
 Because his grand uncle was past-President of Eureka College, a Christian seminary, Davidson was "reared in the school's shadow" with the option of becoming "either a teacher or a preacher."
 He chose teaching and was awarded his B.A. from Eureka in 1915.
 A year later he received his A.M. degree from the University of Illinois where he received Phi Beta Kappa honors.
 In 1917 he earned his M.A. in social science and history at Harvard University.
 __During World War I, he served with the Tenth Infantry of the Forty-Sixth Division and also served as an army sergeant in Intelligence.
 Davidson and his wife Mary, also a graduate of Eureka, were married in 1918.
 At the end of the war, Davidson simultaneously taught and studied at the University of Michigan where he earned a Ph.D. in languages and literatures in 1922.
 He arrived in Denver later that year and began teaching at the University of Denver.
 Before arriving in Colorado, his academic specialty was eighteenth century England.
 Once in Denver, he realized that Western literature and folklore would be his life work.
 Davidson taught at the University of Denver until his death in 1957.
 His course topics ranged from studies of Shakespeare and other English literature, to folklore in the West.
 He began teaching news writing and eventually founded the journalism department at the University as well as the board of publications and the press club.
 He was the first faculty member elected to serve as president of the University Senate.
 In 1940 he became head of the English Department and from March to August 1953 he served as interim Chancellor.
 At the time of assuming his post, he remarked: "There is hardly an organization on campus that I have not been connected with at one time or another."
 Davidson was named University Lecturer for 1956.
 Davidson was a director of the Colorado State Historical Society, the Modern Languages Association, the American Folklore Society, and the American Dialect Society.
 He was a charter member of the Denver Posse of the Westerners, an organization devoted to western folklore.
 In spare moments, Davidson conducted research, wrote outlines for plays, and authored a large number of articles.
 He contributed to a wide range of magazines from "Western American" to "Shakespeare Quarterly".
 Additionally, Davidson authored several books on folklore.
 The most widely recognized is "Rocky Mountain Tales", which presents regional folklore as well as true accounts of early events in the area.
 Levette Davidson died May 14, 1957.
