"Kaun Tujhe" (English: Who Would) is a Hindi song from the soundtrack of the 2016 Hindi Film, .
 The song is penned by Manoj Muntashir, composed by Amaal Mallik, and sung by Palak Muchhal.
The song is picturised upon Sushant Singh Rajput and Disha Patani in the film.
.
 This song presents some respectful words about love in a form of beautiful song.
"Baatein Yeh Kabhi Na" (English: "Never Forget") is a song from Khamoshiyan, a 2015 Indian romantic horror film.
 The male version was sung by Arijit Singh and the female version by Palak Muchhal.
 It was composed by Jeet Gannguli with lyrics by Poet Sayeed Quadri.
Dum Maro Dum (Hindi: दम मारो दम, "Puff, take a puff!")
 is an Indian Hindi song from the 1971 Bollywood film "Hare Rama Hare Krishna".
 It was sung by Asha Bhosle and chorus.
 The song was picturized on Zeenat Aman.
 It was written by Anand Bakshi and composed by Rahul Dev Burman.
 It has been remixed and sampled by many other artists.
Ravi Jadhav is an Indian film personality.
 Natarang, his first film as director,Actor studied in Sir J.J Institute of Applied art won the 2009 National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Marathi.
 Some of his other films are Balak Palak, produced by Ritesh Deshmukh, and Balgandharva, which won three national awards at the 59th National Film Awards.
 "The Landscape" (duration 2.3 minutes) an animation film directed by him for Film Division, won the National Film Award for Best Non-Feature Animation Film at the 48th National Film Awards.
Palak Muchhal (born 30 March 1992) is an Indian playback singer.
 She and her younger brother Palash Muchhal perform stage shows across India and abroad to raise funds for the poor children who need financial assistance for the medical treatment of heart diseases.
 As of 8 December 2016, she has raised funds through her charity shows which has helped to save lives of 1333 children suffering from heart ailments.
 Muchhal has made her entry in both Guinness Book of World Records and Limca Book of World Records for great achievements in social work.
 Her work is also recognised by the Government of India and other public institutions through various awards and honours.
 Muchhal also performs as a playback singer for Bollywood films, she has rendered her voice in Hindi films such as "Ek Tha Tiger" (2012), "Aashiqui 2" (2013), "Kick" (2014) and "Action Jackson" (2014) "Prem Ratan Dhan Payo" (2015) "" (2016) and Kaabil (2017).
"Samjhawan" is a romantic song from the 2014 Bollywood film "Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania".
 Re-created by Sharib−Toshi, the song is sung by Arijit Singh and Shreya Ghoshal, with lyrics by Ahmad Anees and Kumaar.
 The song was originally composed by Jawad Ahmad and sung by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan for the Punjabi film "Virsa".
 An "unplugged" version of this song sung by the leading actress of the film, Alia Bhatt, was released on 2 July 2014.
"Habibi Dah (Nari Narain)" (Arabic: حبيبي ده (ناري نارين )‎ , "That's My Love (My Fire is Two Fire) " ‎ ) is a popular Indian Arabic song by Egyptian singer Hisham Abbas, with parts of the song sung in Hindi by Indian singer Jayashri also featuring actress Riva Bubber.
 The single went platinum in Egypt and won the award for Best Video at the Egyptian Oscars.
Polam Pol features songs sung by Farhad Bhiwandiwala, Nakash Aziz, Palak Muchhal, Shree Dayal, Ash King.
 Music and Background Score for the film is composed by Paresh-Bhavesh.
 The soundtrack was launched on 19 January.
Rekha is an Indian film actress who primarily works in Hindi films. Hailed as one of India's finest actresses, she made her debut as a child artist in 1966 and went on to appear in lead roles in the early 1970s.
 Since her debut as a leading actress she has acted in over 180 films.
 Rekha has often portrayed strong female characters, while also acting in some arthouse films besides numerous mainstream cinema.
 She has won four Filmfare Awards; two Best Actress Awards—resulting from seven nominations, one Best Supporting Actress Award—resulting from six nominations, and a Lifetime Achievement Award.
 The first award came in 1981 for the Hrishikesh Mukherjee-directed "Khubsoorat" where she was cast in a comic role.
 Her portrayal of a classical courtesan in "Umrao Jaan" (1981) fetched her the National Film Award for Best Actress in 1982.
 Rekha received her second Filmfare award in 1989 for "Khoon Bhari Maang".
 She portrayed the role of a widow who sets out to take revenge on her lover.
 Her negative role in "Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi" was highly appreciated by the critics and earned her a Filmfare Award in the Best Supporting Actress category.
 In 2003, she was presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award.
 In 2010, Rekha was awarded the Padma Shri, the 4th highest civilian honour in India.
 Other awards won by her include International Indian Film Academy Awards, Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards, Star Screen Awards, Zee Cine Awards, Stardust Awards and Bollywood Movie Awards.
Rita Bhaduri (Bengali: রীতা ভাদুড়ি , Hindi: रीटा भादुड़ी ) is an Indian film and now television actress.
 She initially appeared as supporting actress in various Bollywood films during the 1970s, 1980s, & 1990s.
 Currently, she works as television actor, playing the role of biji in "Bani - Ishq Da Kalma" on "Colors" and in "Rishtey".
 She is most known for films like "Sawan Ko Aane Do" a 1979 Rajshri Productions film, and "Raja" (1995) for which she received a Filmfare Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
 She had a supporting role as Julie's best friend in the hit film Julie (1975 film) (1975), where the song "Yeh Ratien Nayi Purani," was picturized on her.
