Selina Giles (born March 5, 1972) is an English actress and writer.
 She is best known for playing Valerie Stowe in "Until Death" with Jean-Claude Van Damme and Stephen Rea and Evey's mother in the Wachowskis "V for Vendetta (film)"
References to George Orwell's dystopian political novel Nineteen Eighty-Four themes, concepts and plot elements are also frequent in other works, particularly popular music and video entertainment.
George Orwell's dystopian political novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four" has been adapted for the cinema, radio, television, theatre, opera and ballet.
V for Vendetta is a 2005 dystopian political thriller film directed by James McTeigue and written by The Wachowskis, based on the 1988 DC/Vertigo Comics limited series of the same name by Alan Moore and David Lloyd.
 The film is set in an alternative future where a neo-fascist regime has subjugated the United Kingdom.
 Hugo Weaving portrays V, an anarchist freedom fighter who attempts to ignite a revolution through elaborate terrorist acts and Natalie Portman plays Evey, a young, working-class woman caught up in V's mission, while Stephen Rea portrays the detective leading a desperate quest to stop V.
Frederic C. Rich is an American author, lawyer, and environmentalist.
 He lives in New York City and New York State’s Hudson Valley.
 Rich's first book, "Christian Nation", is a work of dystopian political fiction arising from the counterfactual of a McCain/Palin victory in 2008 followed soon after by John McCain's sudden death and Sarah Palin's ascension to the presidency.
 It was published by W.W. Norton in 2013.
 In "Getting to Green", a non-fiction book published by W. W. Norton in April 2016, Rich argues that the American environmental movement has lost its way and explains how it can get back on track.
 The book calls for conservatives to reconnect with their long tradition of support for conservation and for the Green movement to adopt the reforms necessary to restore bipartisan support for the environmental agenda.
Rainbow Eyes () is a 2007 South Korean crime thriller film directed by Yang Yun-ho.
 The story follows a police inspector who discovers that his friend is now a serial killer.The movie was remade into a thailand thriller named 'Cheun'.
Never Let Me Go is a 2005 dystopian science fiction novel by Japanese-born British author Kazuo Ishiguro.
 It was shortlisted for the 2005 Booker Prize (an award Ishiguro had previously won in 1989 for "The Remains of the Day"), for the 2006 Arthur C. Clarke Award and for the 2005 National Book Critics Circle Award. "
Time" magazine named it the best novel of 2005 and included the novel in its "TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005".
 It also received an ALA Alex Award in 2006.
 A film adaptation directed by Mark Romanek was released in 2010; a Japanese television drama aired in 2016.
Dragons of Camelot is a 2014 action-fantasy film directed and produced by Mark L. Lester.
 The movie stars Mark Griffin, Alex Evans, James Nitti, Selina Giles and Sandra Darnell.
 The plot describes Camelot after King Arthur dies.
 His sister, Morgana Le Fay, takes the throne and hunts down the Knights of the Round Table with three dragons that she commands.
Division 19 is an upcoming American dystopian political thriller film directed and written by S. A. Halewood.
 The film stars Linus Roache, Clarke Peters, Alison Doody and Jamie Draven.
St. Urbain's Horseman is a Canadian television drama miniseries, broadcast on CBC Television in the 2007–2008 television season.
 Based on the novel by Mordecai Richler, the series starred David Julian Hirsh, Selina Giles Elliott Gould and Andrea Martin.
 It was directed by Peter Moss.
