Accompaniment is the musical parts which provide the rhythmic and/or harmonic support for the melody or main themes of a song or instrumental piece.
 There are many different styles and types of accompaniment in different genres and styles of music.
 In homophonic music, the main accompaniment approach used in popular music, a clear vocal melody is supported by subordinate chords.
 In popular music and traditional music, the accompaniment parts typically provide the "beat" for the music and outline the chord progression of the song or instrumental piece.
 The accompaniment for a vocal melody or instrumental solo can be played by a single musician playing an instrument such as piano, pipe organ, or guitar.
 While any instrument can in theory be used as an accompaniment instrument, keyboard and guitar-family instruments tend to be used if there is only a single instrument, as these instruments can play chords and basslines simultaneously (chords and a bassline are easier to play simultaneously on keyboard instruments, but a fingerpicking guitarist can play chords and a bassline simultaneously on guitar).
 A solo singer can accompany herself by playing guitar or piano while she sings, and in some rare cases, a solo singer can even accompany himself or herself just using his or her voice and body (e.g., Bobby McFerrin).
A bukkehorn (Norwegian) or bockhorn (Swedish), also called ″Billy Goat Horn″ in English, is an ancient Scandinavian musical instrument, made from the horn of a ram or a goat.
 The horn is usually made from a goat horn harvested 5 to 7 years before the instrument is crafted.
 It was traditionally used by shepherds and milkmaids on summer dairy farms in the mountains, as a signal-instrument or as a scaring instrument.
 When the horn later got finger holes it became possible to play melodies with it.
 The instrument has two blowing-techniques: the trumpet-principle is the most common, but the clarinet-principle is also used.
Chander Bari is a 2007 Bengali film directed by Tarun Majumdar.
 The film centers on a middle class joint family.
 The film is based on a Bengali story written by Pracheta Gupta.
 Majumdar used some Rabindra Sangeets in this film.
The koto (Japanese: 箏) is a traditional Japanese stringed musical instrument derived from the Chinese zheng, and similar to the Mongolian yatga, the Korean gayageum, and the Vietnamese đàn tranh.
 The koto is the national instrument of Japan.
 Koto are about 180 cm length, and made from "kiri" wood ("Paulownia tomentosa").
 They have 13 strings that are usually strung over 13 movable bridges along the width of the instrument.
 There is also a 17-string koto variant.
 Players can adjust the string pitches by moving the white bridges before playing.
 To play the instrument, the strings are plucked using three finger picks, otherwise known as plectra, (on thumb, index finger, and middle finger).
The sousaphone ( ), is a brass instrument in the same family as the more widely known tuba.
 Created around 1893 by J.W. Pepper at the direction of American bandleader John Philip Sousa (whom the instrument was then named after), it was designed to be easier to play than the concert tuba while standing or marching, as well as to carry the sound of the instrument above the heads of the band.
 Like the tuba, sound is produced by moving air past the lips, causing them to vibrate or "buzz" into a large cupped mouthpiece.
 Unlike the tuba, the instrument is bent in a circle to fit around the body of the musician; it ends in a large, flaring bell that is pointed forward, projecting the sound ahead of the player.
 Because of the ease of carrying and the direction of sound, it is widely employed in marching bands, as well as various other musical genres.
 Sousaphones were originally made out of brass but in the mid-20th century started to be made from lighter materials like fiberglass; today both types are in wide use.
Embouchure or lipping is the use of the lips, facial muscles, tongue, and teeth in playing a wind instrument.
 This includes shaping the lips to the mouthpiece of a woodwind instrument or the mouthpiece of a brass instrument.
 The word is of French origin and is related to the root "bouche ", 'mouth'.
 Proper embouchure allows instrumentalists to play their instrument at its full range with a full, clear tone and without strain or damage to their muscles.
Udaka Vadya is an Indian musical instrument.
 It is assumed either this musical instruments had been Jal tarang or similar to it.
 This percussion instrument has been categorized in medieval musical treatise under Ghan Vadya (diophonic instruments where the sound is produced by striking a surface).
 This instrument has been mentioned in Vatsyayana's Kamasutra, also Sangeeta Parijata of the 17th century mentioned about this instrument.
 The skill to play this instrument was one of the essential 64 kala to be learnt by a woman.
An experimental musical instrument (or custom-made instrument) is a musical instrument that modifies or extends an existing instrument or class of instruments, or defines or creates a new class of instrument.
 Some are created through simple modifications, such as cracked drum cymbals or metal objects inserted between piano strings in a prepared piano.
 Some experimental instruments are created from household items like a homemade mute for brass instruments such as bathtub plugs.
 Other experimental instruments are created from electronic spare parts, or by mixing acoustic instruments with electric components.
An asset class is a group of instruments which have similar financial characteristics and behave similarly in the marketplace.
 We can often break these instruments into those having to do with real assets and those having to do with financial assets.
 Often, assets within the same asset class are subject to the same laws and regulations; however, this is not always true.
 For instance, futures on an asset are often considered part of the same asset class as the underlying instrument but are subject to different regulations than the underlying instrument.
The keyboard glockenspiel (French: "jeu de timbre") or organ glockenspiel is an instrument consisting of a glockenspiel operated by a piano keyboard.
 It was first used by George Frideric Handel in the oratorio "Saul" (1739).
 It was also used in the 1739 revivals of his "Il Trionfo del Tempo" and "Acis and Galatea", and the next year in "L'Allegro, il Penseroso ed il Moderato".
 Half a century later, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart employed a "strumento d’acciaio" in "The Magic Flute" (1791) to represent Papageno's magic bells, and this instrument is believed to have been a keyboard glockenspiel.
 This part is nowadays sometimes taken by a celesta.
 Maurice Ravel preferred the keyboard version of the instrument because it can play a true ff dynamic for brilliance and iridescence in orchestral climaxes.
 In the late 20th century, the firm of Bergerault began manufacturing a three-octave (F2–E4) mallet instrument with a damping mechanism operated by a foot pedal, which is capable of dealing with the wide range called for in contemporary scores.
