Night Force is the name of three comic book series published by American company DC Comics.
 The first series, written by Marv Wolfman, and illustrated by Gene Colan debuted in a special insert in "The New Teen Titans" #21 (July 1982).
 The second series began in 1996 was one of four books that made up DC's Weirdoverse group of titles.
 The third series began in 2012 as a seven issue miniseries.
 It was again written by Marv Wolfman, this time with artist Tom Mandrake.
Black Mask (Roman Sionis) is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
 Created by Doug Moench and Tom Mandrake, he first appeared in "Batman" #386 (Aug. 1985).
 The character is a brutally sadistic kingpin in Gotham City's criminal underworld who has a fixation with masks.
 Black Mask is an adversary of the superhero Batman and belongs to the collective of enemies that make up his rogues gallery.
Roy Harper is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
 Roy is one of DC's most longstanding characters, originating in 1940s comics as Speedy, the teen sidekick of the superhero Green Arrow.
 Like his mentor Green Arrow, Roy is a world-class archer and athlete who uses his exceptional marksmanship to fight crime.
 Along with other prominent DC Comics superhero sidekicks, he goes on to become a core member of the superhero group the Teen Titans.
 As an adult, Roy casts off his Speedy identity to establish himself as the superhero Arsenal, and for a time adopts the name Red Arrow to symbolise his having become an equal of Green Arrow.
 As well as continuing to serve as one of the Titans at various times, Roy has had leading roles in the superhero groups the Seven Soldiers of Victory, the Outsiders, the Justice League, and the Outlaws.
To Hell You Ride is a 5 issues comic-book series written by Lance Henriksen ("Millennium (TV series)", "Aliens (franchise)", "Near Dark") and Joseph Maddrey ("Nightmares in Red, White and Blue"), with art by Tom Mandrake, published by Dark Horse Comics, 2012-2013.
 "To Hell You Ride" is a horror story that takes place in a mountain town of Colorado.
Ma'alefa'ak (sometimes known as Malefic) is a fictional comic book supervillain appearing in books published by the American publisher DC Comics, usually depicted as the archenemy of his twin brother, the superhero Martian Manhunter.
 Created by writer John Ostrander and artist Tom Mandrake, the character first appeared in "Martian Manhunter" (vol.
 2) #0 (October 1998).
Bart Allen is a fictional superhero in the DC Comics Universe .
 Allen first appeared as the superhero Impulse, a teenage sidekick of the superhero the Flash, before later on becoming the second hero known as Kid Flash.
 The character first made a cameo appearance in "The Flash" #91 in 1994, while his first full appearance in issue #92, and appeared as the lead character in "Impulse" (1995–2002) and "The Flash: The Fastest Man Alive" (2006–2007).
 In the latter series, the character became the fourth hero to assume the identity of The Flash.
 Bart also prominently features in the superhero team titles "Young Justice" and "Teen Titans".
 As the Flash, Bart was also a core character in 10 issues of "Justice League of America".
"The Janus Directive" was an eleven-part comic book crossover first published by DC Comics between May and June of 1989.
 Among the creators who contributed to the storyline were writers John Ostrander, Kim Yale, Paul Kupperberg, Cary Bates and Greg Weisman and artists John K. Snyder III, Rick Hoberg, Rafael Kayanan, Tom Mandrake and Pat Broderick.
JLA: Destiny is a comic book mini-series that was published by DC Comics in 2002.
 Its writer was John Arcudi and its artist was Tom Mandrake.
 The series ran for four issues.
Naiad is a fictional water elemental published by DC Comics.
 She first appeared in "Firestorm, the Nuclear Man" vol.
 2 #90 (October 1989), during the four part "Elemental War" storyline that ran to issue #93, and was created by John Ostrander and Tom Mandrake.
Tom Mandrake (born May 26, 1956) is an American comics artist, perhaps best known for his collaborations with writer John Ostrander on several series, including "Grimjack" (from First Comics) and "Firestorm", "The Spectre", and "Martian Manhunter" from DC Comics.
<ref name="John/Tom">John Ostrander and Tom Mandrake collaborations at the Grand Comics Database</ref>
