Subiaco Oval ( ; currently known under naming rights as Domain Stadium, and colloquially as Subi) is a football stadium located in Subiaco, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.
 The highest capacity stadium in Western Australia and one of the main stadiums in Australia, seating 43,500 people, the ground is the home of Australian rules football in Western Australia, being the home ground for the West Coast Eagles and Fremantle Football Club, the two Western Australian teams in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 The ground is also used for occasional West Australian Football League (WAFL) matches, including the competition's yearly grand final.
 The stadium has also hosted Perth Glory games, including two National Soccer League grand finals, international rules matches, rugby union games and rock concerts.
 It was the home ground for the Western Force between 2006 and 2009.
Ullevaal Stadion (] ) is an all-seater football stadium located in Oslo, Norway.
 It is the home ground of the Norway national football team, and the site of the Norwegian Cup Final.
 From its opening in 1926 to 2009 it was the home ground of FK Lyn and from 1999 to 2017 was a home ground of Vålerenga IF.
 With a capacity of approximately 28,000, it is the largest football stadium in Norway.
 The national stadium is fully owned by the Football Association of Norway (NFF).
Khurram Shehzad is a Pakistani Domestic Cricketer.
 He Played domestic Cricket for various teams including Lahore Lions, Faisalabad, NBP, SNGPL and Lahore Eagles.
Domestically, he has played for Khan Research Laboratories, Lahore, Lahore Eagles, Lahore Lions, Lahore Qalandars, Pakistan A and Huntly (Scotland) during his career.
 He was the captain of Lahore Qalandars in the first edition of the Pakistan Super League.
Lahore Lions (Urdu: لاہور لائنز‎ , abbreviated as LIO) is a Pakistani franchise cricket team representing the city Lahore and is one of the 19 domestic teams.
 The team was established by Lahore Regional Cricket Association in 2004/05 in its home ground Lahore City Cricket Association Ground.
 Domestically, the team plays in the Haier T20 Cup.
 The team won its first title in 2010 where they defeated Karachi Dolphins by 37 runs in their home ground Gaddafi Stadium.
Adnan Rasool (born 1 May 1981) is a Pakistani Domestic cricketer.
 He played domestic cricket for various teams including Lahore Lions, Faisalabad, NBP, SNGPL and Lahore Eagles.
Imran Ali (born 14 August 1985) is a Pakistani cricketer who played a single List A match for the Multan Tigers during the 2012–13 season.
 From Sahiwal, Punjab, little else is known of Imran's life.
 A fast bowler, he played his sole match for Multan in the 2012–13 edition of the Faysal Bank One-Day Cup, against the Lahore Eagles.
 In the match, played at the Multan Cricket Stadium in March 2013, Imran took the wicket of the Eagles' captain, Adnan Akmal, in Lahore's innings, finishing with 1/28 from his nine overs, including two maidens.
The Lahore Eagles [Urdu: لاہور ایگلز] are a Faysal Bank T20 Cup team, based in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
 The team was established in 2006 and its home ground is Gaddafi Stadium.
 The manager of the Eagles is Nawab Mansoor Hayat Khan.
Mohammad Naeem Khan (born 1 August 1991) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played a single List A match for the Lahore Eagles during the 2009–10 season.
 From Lahore, Mohammad played his only match for the team during the 2009–10 edition of the limited-overs Royal Bank of Scotland Cup.
 In the match, played against the Sui Southern Gas Corporation at the Lahore City Cricket Association Ground in February 2010, he failed to take a wicket, but scored 20 not out batting ninth in Lahore's innings, helping the team win the match by one wicket.
 Although he is yet to play any further matches at a major level, Mohammad did appear in several Lahore inter-district matches, playing for Lahore East Zone Whites during the 2010–11 tournament and for Lahore East Zone Blues during the 2012 tournament.
Hafiz Aamer Iqbal (born 21 December 1990 in Lahore) is a Pakistani cricketer, who played twice for Lahore Eagles in List A cricket.
