Han Sun-hwa (born October 6, 1990), is a South Korean singer and actress.
 She is a former member of the South Korean girl group Secret.
 She made her television debut in 2004 while participating in SBS's "Superstar Survival" as a finalist, and in 2009, she was a regular cast on a variety show called "Invincible Youth".
 Aside from music, she also ventured into acting and made her debut in the 2010 drama, "More Charming By The Day".
 She also acted in several dramas with supporting roles in "Ad Genius Lee Tae-baek", "God's Gift - 14 Days", and "Marriage, Not Dating".
 In 2014 she finally starred as a lead actress on MBC's weekend drama "Rosy Lovers" as Baek Jang Mi co-starring with actor Lee Jang Woo.
 CNN International Seoul listed Sunhwa as one of the nine rising "It" stars in Korean entertainment citing her as a "multi-tasking" artist.
 Her portrayal of Kang Se-Ah in the 2014 TVN drama, "Marriage, Not Dating" earned her a nomination for "Best Youth Actress" at the 16th Seoul International Youth Film Festival.
 In 2014, her portrayal of Jang-Mi from "Rosy Lovers" and Jenny from "God's Gift 14 Day"s won her two best new actress awards from MBC and SBS Drama Awards.
 It was confirmed on September 26, 2016 that Sunhwa had not renewed her contract with TS Entertainment and will officially part ways in October.
 On October 14, 2016 Sunhwa joined Huayi Brothers as an actress.
Go Go 70s () is a 2008 South Korean drama/musical film set in the 1970s.
Eunuch (Korean: Naeshi ) is a 1986 South Korean drama film directed by Lee Doo-yong.
 The film was selected as the South Korean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 59th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Deaf Sam-yong (Korean: 벙어리 삼룡 ; "Beongeori Samryong") is a 1964 South Korean drama film directed, produced by Shin Sang-ok, based on the 1925 short story of the sama title by Na Do-hyang.
 It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 The film was also selected as the South Korean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 37th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Once Upon a Time in High School: The Spirit of Jeet Kune Do (Korean: 말죽거리 잔혹사 ) is a 2004 South Korean drama film.
 The background of the film is set in a high school in South Korea, .
 The original Korean title literally means "cruel history of Maljuk street" and one of the filming locations was the present neighborhood of Yangjae-dong, Seocho District in Seoul.
Secret Sunshine () is a 2007 South Korean drama film directed by acclaimed South Korean director, novelist, and former Minister of Culture Lee Chang-dong.
 The screenplay based on the short fiction "The Story of a Bug" by Lee Cheong-jun that focuses on a woman as she wrestles with the questions of grief, madness, and faith.
 The Korean title Miryang (or Milyang) is named after the city that served as the film's setting and filming location, of which "Secret Sunshine" is the literal translation.
 For her performance in the film, Jeon Do-yeon won the Prix d'interprétation féminine du Festival de Cannes (Best Actress) at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival.
 The film also won the award for Best Film at the Asian Film Awards and at the Asia Pacific Screen Awards.
 The film sold 1,710,364 tickets nationwide in South Korea alone.
The Tragedy of Deaf Sam-yong (Korean: 비련의 벙어리 삼용 , translit.
 Biryeonui beongeori samyong) is a 1973 South Korean drama film directed by Byun Jang-ho.
 The film was selected as the South Korean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 46th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Baek Min-hyun (born January 12, 1985) is a South Korean actor.
 Baek, also known as "little Song Seung-heon", made his acting debut with the television drama "My Beloved Sister" (2006).
 He starred in the film "Arang" (2006) and has also appeared in numerous commercials.
Baek Bong-ki (born December 16, 1980) is a South Korean actor.
 He is best known for his roles in the noir film "Once Upon a Time in High School" (2004) and the military sitcom "Blue Tower".
Rice (Korean: 쌀 , translit.
 Ssal) is a 1963 South Korean drama film directed by Shin Sang-ok.
 The film was selected as the South Korean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 39th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
