"How Can We Be Lovers?"
 is a song written and composed by Michael Bolton, Diane Warren and Desmond Child and recorded by Michael Bolton.
 Released as a single from Bolton's album, "Soul Provider", it peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in May 1990.
Everybody's Crazy is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Michael Bolton.
 The melodic hard rock album was released in 1985 by Columbia Records.
"You Wouldn't Know Love" is a song written by Michael Bolton and Diane Warren appearing contemporaneously in 1989 on Bolton's "Soul Provider" album and Cher's "Heart of Stone" album.
 The song was only released as a single in Europe and Australasia by Cher in 1990.
 Cher's version of the song, produced by its writer, Michael Bolton, became the fourth and final European single release from Cher's nineteenth album in 1990 by Geffen Records.
 It was a minor hit in the UK, faring better in Ireland.
 Cher's album was certified 3x Platinum by the RIAA in 1998 for sales of over 3 million in the U.S. alone, with worldwide sales exceeding 11 million.
 Steve Lukather played the guitar solo in the middle of the song.
Michael Bolton is the third studio album by American recording artist Michael Bolton.
 It was Bolton's first record to be released, in 1983, on Columbia Records.
 This was also the first time that Bolton recorded under his stage name; his previous releases, "Michael Bolotin" and "Everyday of My Life", had been released under his given name, Michael Bolotin.
Adam Sztaba (born 15 February 1975) is a Polish composer, music producer, conductor, arranger and pianist.
 He graduated in composition from Fryderyk Chopin Music Academy (now University of Music).
 He collaborated with many Polish and international stars such as: Caro Emerald, Quincy Jones, Sting, Chris Botti, Michael Bolton, José Carreras, Kenny G, Dolores O'Riordan, Ewa Malas-Godlewska, Jose Cura, Lemar, NDR Bigband, Ive Mendes, Lutricia McNeal, Dita von Teese, Helena Vondráčková, Karel Gott, Drupi, Edyta Gorniak, Maryla Rodowicz, Kayah, Ania Dabrowska, Sinfonia Varsovia, Polish Radio Symphony Orchestra.
 He made his debut at age 18 music for the musical "Mirage?"
.
 In 2003, together with Tomasz Filipczak, composed the music for the first Polish show dance "Opentaniec".
 In 2005 he founded the Adam Sztaba Orchestra.
 He was the musical director, arranger and conductor of many well-known television programs, including "Idol" (Polish edition), SOPOT FESTIVAL 2005 and 2006, "Dancing With the Stars" (Polish edition of "Strictly Come Dancing").
 In 2008 he was director of the Academy of the television program "Star Academy" (Polish edition).
 Recently he composed and recorded music for the film "From Full To Full".
 In September 2010 he was music director of the inauguration of the European Special Olympic Games 2010 in Warsaw.
 In December 2010 he performed with Sting and conducting the Polish Radio Symphony Orchestra in a concert to celebrate the 85th anniversary of Polish Radio.
 In July 2011 he was a music director of the concert on the occasion of the beginning of Poland's EU Presidency and performed with Chris Botti, Dolores O'Riordan, Michael Bolton and Kenny G.
 He was a juror in the Polish edition of the TV show "Must Be The Music".
 In 2016 he was musical director and conductor of the World Youth Day 2016 in Krakow, the musical highlight of which was the concert titled "Credo in Misericordiam Dei" with almost 2 million pilgrims attending.
"We're Not Makin' Love Anymore" is a song recorded by American singer Barbra Streisand for her fourth greatest hits album, "" (1989).
 It was released on September 14, 1989 by Columbia Records on multiple formats, including on 7", 12", cassette, and CD.
 It was written by Michael Bolton and Diane Warren and produced by Narada Michael Walden.
 Bolton's inspiration for the song was derived from his divorce; he and Warren debated singers that would sing their work well and ultimately decided that Streisand would be the right fit.
 The song is a ballad that is similar in sound to Streisand's "Comin' In and Out of Your Life" (1981).
'Til the End of Forever is an album by Michael Bolton, released in 2005.
 The live cuts on this album were recorded during a DVD taping over two nights of concerts (August 24 and 25, 2004) at the Casino Rama, outside Toronto, Canada.
 The recording has been shown on the HDNet show "HDNet Concerts".
 A DVD of the concerts was released for sale in Europe in late 2005 and was released for sale in the U.S. in March, 2006, and was titled "The Best of Michael Bolton Live."
All That Matters is an album by Michael Bolton, released in 1997, and was his first studio album since 1993's "The One Thing".
 Bolton was aided in production by Babyface and Tony Rich, and among the song writers are Bolton, Diane Warren, Babyface, Lamont Dozier, Gary Burr, and Tony Rich.
 Bolton’s U.S. fans were puzzled by the album’s title, "All That Matters", until the phrase was found on the bonus track, "When There Are No Words", on the UK version of the album.
 The two singles from the album, "The Best of Love", and "Safe Place from the Storm" were disappointing in sales and radio play, and fans were disappointed that the songs were performed only a handful of times during Bolton’s 1998 tour in support of the album.
Time, Love & Tenderness is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Michael Bolton.
 The album was released on April 23, 1991 by Columbia Records; it was produced by Walter Afanasieff and Michael Bolton.
 The album topped the "Billboard" 200 chart and produced four Top 40 singles: a cover of Percy Sledge's "When a Man Loves a Woman" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, "Love Is a Wonderful Thing" reached No. 4, "Time, Love and Tenderness" reached No. 7, and "Missing You Now" reached No. 12.
 All four singles reached the Top 40 in the UK as well, as did a fifth single released only in the UK, "Steel Bars".
 This is the only album from Bolton's "hit period" that is out of print, due to legal issues surrounding the song "Love Is a Wonderful Thing."
 The album has since been released on iTunes and other digital music services, with "Love Is a Wonderful Thing" available as an "album-only" download.
"Everybody" is a K-Pop song of complextro-dubstep music genre performed by the South Korean contemporary R&B idol group Shinee.
 Written by Cho Yoonkyung, two versions of "Everybody" exist: the original Korean-language version, which served as one of the two lead singles for the promotional cycle for the group's fifth Korean EP "Everybody" (2013), other one being "Symptoms", and a Japanese-language version, which was included as one of the three tracks on their ninth Japanese CD single "3 2 1" (2013).
 The Korean version of "Everybody" was made available for download on October 14, 2013 under the record label of S.M. Entertainment and distributing label of EMI Music.
