The Ultimate Collection is a 3-CD set released in 2006.
 It contains many of their popular songs, like "(They Long to Be) Close to You" and "Top of the World", and their album cuts, like "Desperado" and "Jambalaya (On the Bayou)".
 All of the songs are taken directly from the original album.
 In the case of "Yesterday Once More", it fades into a motorcycle engine, which subsequently fades into the oldies medley on the "Now & Then" album.
Desperado is the fourth album by High Rise, released on July 10, 1998 through P.S.F. Records.
"Outlaw Man" is a song written by David Blue and recorded by the American rock band Eagles.
 The song was chosen by the Eagles for their second album "Desperado" as the song fits the theme of a Western outlaw gang of the album.
 It is the second single released from "Desperado" after "Tequila Sunrise", and the eighth track on the album.
 Glenn Frey provides the lead vocals on this song, with the other members singing harmony on the chorus "Woman don't try to love me don't try to understand.
 The Life upon the road is a life of an Outlaw man."
I Don't Remember Ever Growing Up is the final studio album by American pop singer Andy Williams and was released in the UK by the Demon Music Group in 2007.
 In the liner notes of the album Williams writes, "Over the past few years I have come across songs that I really wanted to record.
 I picked 13 of my favorites and set out to make a new record."
 While the title track is the only new song, the other 12 selections were chart hits for other artists or, as is the case with "Desperado" by the Eagles, received critical acclaim without having been released as a single.
"Desperado" is a song by the American rock band Eagles.
 It was written by Glenn Frey and Don Henley and appeared on the 1973 album "Desperado" as well as numerous compilation albums. Although the song was never released as a single, it is one of the group's best known songs and ranked No. 494 on "Rolling Stone"' s 2004 list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
A Fistful of Alice is a live album by Alice Cooper.
 It was released in 1997, and was recorded the previous year at Sammy Hagar's Cabo Wabo club in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
 Slash plays guitar for part of the album (returning the favor after Cooper guested on "The Garden from the 1991 Guns N' Roses album "Use Your Illusion I") and Cooper says before the song "Desperado" that it was written about Jim Morrison, who died in 1971, the same year Cooper wrote the song.
 Also featured in the album are Rob Zombie on vocals and Sammy Hagar on guitar.
 The last song, "Is Anyone Home?"
, is a studio recording recorded specifically for the album.
Desperado is the second studio album by the American band the Eagles.
 It was recorded at Island Studios in London, England and released in 1973.
 The songs on "Desperado" are based on the themes of the Old West.
 The band members are featured on the album's cover dressed like an outlaw gang; "Desperado" remains the only Eagles album where the band members appear on the front cover.
El Desperado is the second album by rock band, Let 3.
 The album was released in 1989 by Helidon.
"Desperado Love" is a song written by Michael Garvin and Sammy Johns, and recorded by American country music artist Conway Twitty.
 It was released in June 1986 as the first single from his album "Fallin' for You for Years".
 "Desperado Love" was Conway Twitty's 35th and final solo number one country hit on the Billboard chart (he also reached number 1 five more times on Billboard in duets with Loretta Lynn during the 1970s, giving him an overall total of 40).
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of 13 weeks on the country chart.
Desperado was an American heavy metal band formed by Dee Snider in 1988, after Twisted Sister was disbanded.
 The band dissolved in the early 1990s due to problems with the record label and the then emerging grunge trend.
 The album, much bootlegged, was issued officially some years later and reissued as Ace on "Angel Air".
 "Dee Snider Desperado Limited Edition" was released on April 21, 2009, featuring eleven tracks from 'Bloodied But Unbowed'.
