"Where Love Used to Live" is a single by American country music artist David Houston.
 Released in September 1968, it was the first single from his album "Where Love Used to Live/My Woman's Good to Me".
 The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
The Hits Live is the title of a live compilation album released in 2000 by the American country music band Sawyer Brown.
 The album comprises fourteen live renditions of their 1980s and 1990s country hits recorded on tour from late 1999 to early 2000, with the majority coming from a show in Ogden, Utah.
 The single "800 Pound Jesus" is from their 1999 album "Drive Me Wild".
 The other three tracks—"Perfect World", "Garage Band" and a cover of Johnny Lee's "Lookin' for Love"—are new to this album.
 "Perfect World" and "Lookin' for Love" were both released as singles, respectively peaking at #50 and #44 on the country charts.
Run Wild.
 Live Free.
 Love Strong., stylized as RUN WILD.
 LIVE FREE.
 LOVE STRONG., is the second album from for King & Country.
 Fervent Records alongside Word Records released the project on September 16, 2014.
 For King & Country worked with producers Ben Glover, Matt Hales, Seth Mosley, and Tedd Tjornhom in the creation of this album.
 4 tracks from the album became radio singles including "Fix My Eyes", "Shoulders", "It's Not Over Yet", and "Priceless".
The albums discography of Connie Smith, an American country artist, consists of thirty four studio albums, one live album, thirteen compilation albums, two box sets, and fifteen other appearances.
 After the success of her 1964 single "Once a Day", Smith's self-titled debut album was released in March 1965 on RCA Victor Records.
 The album reached number one on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums, spending thirty weeks on the chart, while also becoming her only album to reach the "Billboard" 200 list (#105).
 Smith's next two secular albums, "Cute 'n' Country" and "Miss Smith Goes to Nashville" went to number one and number two respectively between 1965 and 1966.
 In September 1966 Smith released her fifth studio album, "Born to Sing", which was her third album to reach the top spot on the "Billboard" country albums chart.
 Due to Smith's popularity, RCA Victor issued five albums between 1967 and 1968 including "Downtown Country" (1967), "Connie Smith Sings Bill Anderson" (1967), and "I Love Charley Brown" (1968).
 In 1969, Smith collaborated with country artist Nat Stuckey on the album "Young Love".
"The Chain of Love" is a song written by Rory Lee Feek and Jonnie Barnett, and recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker.
 It was released in January 2000 as the third single from his album "Live, Laugh, Love".
 "The Chain of Love" reached a peak of number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, providing Walker with his thirteenth Top Ten hit on that chart.
 It was also his second Top 40 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Live: Wherever You Are is an album, released in 2006, by country music artist Jack Ingram.
 His first album for Big Machine Records, it is largely a live album, although it features the studio tracks "Wherever You Are" and "Love You", both of which were released as singles.
 The former became Ingram's breaktrhough hit, reaching the top of the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts in 2006; "Love You" was a No. 12 hit on the same charts later that year.
 The latter song was also recorded by Trent Summar & The New Row Mob (whose frontman, Trent Summar, co-wrote it) on their 2006 album "Horseshoes & Hand Grenades".
Marina Kamen (aka MARINA), is a Director/Producer/Casting Director/Vocalist/Choreographer & Musician best known for her music in the advertising industry & fitness/health/dance music communities and has a large online catalogue of workout music, treadmill workouts and audio workouts including 50 albums, 450 Original Songs and 1,200 Online Musical Audio Programs.
 Marina's EBook entitled "I'mSteppin' Out!"
…confessions of a Food-a-Holic has sold around the globe for the past 15 years and is available on Iamplifi, Audible and on Amazon.
 Kamen won the 2005 People's Choice Award in Podcasting .
 MARINA's High-nrg Fitness Brand includes Radio and Television Broadcasts, Music, albums, and a Live Show currently playing in NYC called MARINA's High-nrg Fitness LIVE!
…an Interactive Musical Theatre WORKOUT Experience.
 MARINA's lifelong work merging the worlds of vocalisation and dance has brought her to work with Celebrity artists including Patti Labelle, Carnie Wilson, James Earl Jones, Mandy Patinkin, Gloria Gaynor, Britney Spears, Liza Minnelli and countless others.
 In 1987, Kamen and her husband, Roy Kamen, opened Kamen Entertainment Group, Inc.
 Kamen's credits in Radio and television advertising have included thousands of campaigns working for Starburst, PopTarts, Mercedes, Exxon Mobile, CocaCola, Dairy Queen, and Febreeze in the 1990s, in 2004, Marina Diretcted, Produced, Cast & Choreographed Britney Spears' Twister Dance Rave Global Television Campaign for Hasbro.
 Kamen also Cast, Directed,Choreographed & Produced Television spots for Jenga Tetris & Bop It.
 Kamen performs a series of live performance concerts around the country.
 In the late 90s, it seemed impossible because she had three young children and was over 215 pounds.
 Nonetheless, Kamen started to write and produce music aimed at the dance market.
 High energy shows won awards, such as her "Silent Night" performance at Webster Hall in New York City.
 Kamen taught aerobics classes in the 70's and 80's, and through her performances she began using dance music to drive her workout routines.
 By singing, dancing, and eating well-portioned meals, she lost over 100 pounds.
 Kamen released her debut album, "Um-Lotty-Da" in 1997.
 Kamen quickly earned a reputation in the New York City club scene.
 Her albums and performances garnered the attention of the Dance Organization of America.
 This committee steered Kamen towards positions as a director and choreographer for Atlantic Records, Columbia Records, The Naras Foundation which Hosts The Grammy Awards.By the year 2000, Kamen had combined her previous experiences and started to sell her fitness music within the fitness community.
 With her innovative approach and inspirational message, Kamen became a well-known persona in the world of Musical Fitness.
 Kamen has produced material and live presentations for clients including QVC/Direct, Dynamix, Equinox Gyms, Jazzercise, Strive Enterprise with Bill Kazmier (ESPN), and Jackie Chan's CableFlex.
 She has appeared on British TV on "Reborn in the USA," produced and televised from New York City by the producers of "American Idol."
 Kamen has been covered in the NY Times, Daily News and Family Circle Magazine.
 She can be seen on programing from The Discovery Health Network, PBS and Nickelodeon (The N), ShopNBC, The Tyra Banks Show & ABC NEWS.
 Marina is also Hosting a Web Broadcast show entitled "MARINA's High-nrg Fitness Musical Health Talk" at http://www.musicalhealthtalk.com.
 Ms. Kamen attended The Manhattan School of Music & Interlochen Arts Academy majoring in voice, violin, and composition.
 Marina trained in dance with The American Ballet Theatre, Luigi & Frank Hatchett.
 Marina also thanks her longtime friend in dance Francis Roach for his openness and dance talent over the years in addition to carrying out the teachings of dance Icon Luigi.
 His work has helped to train thousands of dancers around the world.
The discography of Janie Fricke, an American country artist, consists of twenty three studio albums, one live album, one tribute album, nine compilation albums, forty two singles, two music videos, and seventeen other appearances.
 Fricke was signed to Nashville's Columbia Records as a solo artist in 1977.
 Later that year, her debut single, "What're You Doing Tonight", reached the top-forty on the country songs chart.
 The following year her debut studio album, "Singer of Songs", was issued.
 Between 1978 and 1980, Fricke issued three studio albums which resulted in two major hits: "Please Help Me, I'm Fallin" (1978) and "I'll Love Away Your Troubles for Awhile" (1979).
 With a change in musical direction, Fricke began recording ballads in 1980, strengthening the success of her singles. "
Down to My Last Broken Heart" and "I'll Need Someone to Hold Me (When I Cry)" were her first pair of top-ten hits on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 An album of the same was also released that year, which reached the top-thirty on the Top Country Albums chart.
 With her sixth studio album, Fricke reached the top spot of the "Billboard" country chart with its second single "Don't Worry 'bout Me Baby" (1982).
 This would start a series of number-one country singles during this period. "
It Ain't Easy" (1982), her seventh studio record, reached number fifteen on the Top Country Albums list and spawned three number-one hits: "It Ain't Easy Bein' Easy", "He's a Heartache (Looking for a Place to Happen)", and "Tell Me a Lie".
Canadian singer Shania Twain has released five studio albums, two compilation albums, three remix albums, one box set, two live albums, 38 singles, two promotional singles, and six guest appearances and will release her 5th studio album on 29th September 2017.
 In 1992, Twain signed to Mercury Records Nashville in the United States and released her eponymous debut studio album, "Shania Twain", the following year.
 It was a commercial failure, peaking at number 67 on "Billboard"'s Top Country Albums chart, and produced three singles, which were also commercial failures.
 However, the album attracted the interest of record producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange.
 He and Twain collaborated on her second release, "The Woman in Me", which was released in 1995.
 "The Woman in Me" commenced with small sales but eventually led Twain to commercial success.
 It topped Top Country Albums and peaked at number five on the main-genre "Billboard" 200.
 The album was certified 12 times platinum (diamond) by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and sold over 7.6 million copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
 Furthermore, "The Woman in Me" led to success in the singer's native country, Canada, where it was certified double diamond by Music Canada and was once the best-selling album by a female country singer; Twain later surpassed herself.
 The album spawned eight singles, four of which ("Any Man of Mine", "(If You're Not in It for Love) I'm Outta Here!
", "You Win My Love", and "No One Needs to Know") topped the US Hot Country Singles & Tracks.
"Live, Laugh, Love" is a song written by Allen Shamblin and Gary Nicholson, and recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker.
 It was released in August 1999 as the second single and title track from his album of the same name.
 "Live, Laugh, Love" reached a peak of #11 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
 It also peaked at #21 in Canada and at #65 on the Hot 100.
