The National Union Movement (Spanish: "Movimiento de Unión Nacional" , MUN) was a Chilean political party that supported the military dictatorship of General Augusto Pinochet, founded on 27 November 1983 by Andrés Allamand, Francisco Bulnes Sanfuentes, Pedro Ibáñez Ojeda and other former members and supporters of the National Party, the Radical Democracy and Christian Democrats expelled from the party.
 Many members of the National Union Movement occupied public offices and important positions during that regime.
 The referent defined itself as independent, conservative and liberal.
Joseph Albert "Jock" Yablonski (March 3, 1910 – December 31, 1969) was an American labor leader in the United Mine Workers in the 1950s and 1960s.
 He was murdered in 1969 by killers hired by a union political opponent, Mine Workers president Tony Boyle.
 His death led to significant reforms in the union.
The Microcirculatory Society, Inc. was the first scientific society founded to promote research and teaching in the field of microcirculation.
 Although many members come from all over the world, most of its membership comes from the United States and Canada.
 Other societies have subsequently been formed to represent specific global regions, including the European Society for Microcirculation, the Asian Union for Microcirculation and the Australia & New Zealand Microcirculation Society, as well as individual countries, such as Britain, Japan, Germany, France, Hungary, Israel, Italy, China, the Netherlands, Switzerland, and others.
 The Microcirculatory Society publishes the scientific journal "Microcirculation" in conjunction with the British Microcirculation Society.
In the United States, the concept of a working class remains vaguely defined and is especially contentious.
 Economists and pollsters in the United States generally define “working class” adults as those lacking a college degree, rather than by occupation or income.
 Many members of the working class, as defined by academic models, are often identified in the vernacular as being middle-class, there is considerable ambiguity over the term's meaning.
 Sociologists such as Dennis Gilbert and Joseph Kahl see the working class as the most populous in the United States, while other sociologists such as William Thompson, Joseph Hickey and James Henslin deem the lower middle class slightly more populous.
 In the class models devised by these sociologists, the working class comprises between 30% and 35% of the population, roughly the same percentages as the lower middle class.
 According to the class model by Dennis Gilbert, the working class comprises those between the 25th and 55th percentile of society.
 Those in the working class are commonly employed in clerical, retail sales, and low-skill manual labor occupations.
 Low-level white-collar workers are included in this class.
Operation Whitecoat was a biodefense medical research program carried out by the United States Army at Fort Detrick, Maryland between 1954 and 1973.
 The program pursued medical research using volunteer enlisted personnel who were eventually nicknamed "Whitecoats".
 These volunteers, all conscientious objectors, including many members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, were informed of the purpose and goals of each project before providing consent to participate in any project.
 The stated purpose of the research was to defend troops and civilians against biological weapons and it was believed that the Soviet Union was engaged in similar activities.
All Bengal Teachers Association, a movement of teachers (excluding the Teachers and non-Teaching staff of schools under direct control of Government of West Bengal) in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 ABTA is one, although not the only, teachers and non-teaching staff's wing which is predominantly run by teachers or non-teaching staff of the Government Sponsored/aided schools who are either members or supporters of Communist Party of India (Marxist), though it is not directly affiliated to CPI(M).
 There are many members of this organization who are not in the same political league as CPI(M), still they become member because it is by far the largest Teacher's Body of West Bengal.
 Though not many, but some of the members of ABTA are from Privately managed schools also.
 ABTA is by far the largest teachers organization in the state.It was established in 1921.
 Acharya Prfulla Chandra Roy was the president of the Association at the initial stage.
 Present Secretary of A.B.T.A. is Utpal Roy (as of June 2012).
 Number of members in the government and govt-aided schools of West Bengal are not less than 1,40,000.
This amounts to 70 per cent of the total teachers of the state(i.e.west Bengal)
High School Old Boys is a rugby union Football club based in Christchurch, New Zealand.
 The club was founded in 1900 by former students of Christchurch Boys' High School (CBHS).
 While many members are former CBHS students, High School Old Boys is an open club accepting both male and female players.
 The club is affiliated with the Canterbury Rugby Football Union.
The Smith family is the name of an American family with many members prominent in religion and politics.
 The family's most famous member was Joseph Smith, Jr., founder of the Latter Day Saint movement.
 Many other members of the family took on leadership roles in various churches within the movement.
Inquilabi Communist Sangathan was a Trotskyist organisation in India.
 Formed through the merger of the Communist League and the Bolshevik Leninist Group, it was set up in 1984.
 In the early years it had state units and members in ten provinces of India, and significant mass work.
 From the 1990s, there was a decline, partly because many of its members were unable to do serious teamwork; and partly because the dogmatic style of Magan Desai, a powerful figure in the strongest state unit, Gujarat, clashed with other members who wanted a more open and non-sectarian functioning.
 In addition, many ex-Stalinist and ex-Maoists were recruited, and one faction in West Bengal showed that they had simply replaced the Stalin-Mao cult by the Trotsky cult.
 By the end of the 1990s, the ICS was a much shrunken organisation.
 The final crisis came after the Gujarat carnage of 2002, when a faction around Desai attacked the most well-known anti-communal and civil rights activist members of the party as self-seeking individuals.
 The Conference of 2003 saw Gujarat, led by Desai, rejecting a delegate session, so it was unclear how many members were actually in ICS.
 The West Bengal unit, along with several Gujarat members, left.
 It is uncertain whether Desai had an actual majority with him, but he continued to call his rump organisation ICS.
 Their last public activity was a hostile intervention into the World Social Forum of Mumbai 2004.
 Those who had split subsequently set up an organisation, Radical Socialist.
Raya is a private, membership based community for people all over the world to connect and collaborate.
 It launched in March 2015 as an IOS application.
 Early on, many members used the application to meet other members romantically.
 The app describes itself as "A private network for people in creative industries” and in January 2017 the app launched a feature entitled "Work" that allowed members to collaborate on work related projects.
 The app asks members to apply and log in with their Instagram account causing many members to conjecture if admittance is determined by the applicant's Instagram influence and how many active Raya members follow them.
 However, many community members with small Instagram followings seem to contradict this theory and the admittance algorithm remains a mystery.
 It costs $8/month (in US dollars) to be a member of Raya.
