Take Me to Your Leader is the second studio album by British-American emcee/producer MF Doom, released under the alias King Geedorah via Big Dada on June 17, 2003.
 King Geedorah is the alias MF Doom uses as part of the underground super group Monsta Island Czars.
 The album features guest appearances from MF Grimm (as Jet Jaguar) as well as other MIC members.
 The character is based on the three-headed gold dragon King Ghidorah, a monster who appears in the "Godzilla" films.
Erik Scott is an American bass guitar player, producer, and songwriter.
 Scott played bass for the band Flo & Eddie in the 1970s as well as Alice Cooper in the early 1980s, for whom he also produced.
 In the 1990s he was one of the founding members of Sonia Dada, which reached the number one position on the Australian music charts with their debut album.
 Scott was also the co-writer of the song "Father, Father", which was the title track for the Pops Staples' album of the same name, winner of the 1994 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album.
 In 2008 he became a solo artist as well, with his debut album "Other Planets".
 He has recorded four solo albums in total, including the 2016 ZMR Awards Album of the Year winner "In the Company of Clouds".
Shleu-Shleu is a kompa band formed the 22 December 1965 in Bas-Peut de Chose, Por-au-Prince by former members of the groupes Lorenceau and Memfoubins; and managed by Hugues "Dada" Jackaman (or Djakaman) a rich Arab Haitians businessman of Syrian origin and directed by on the ashes of "Les Manfoubins" created by Jean Baptiste, Jacques Vabre, Camille Philippe and Kiki Bayard and "Following the demize of Les Frères Lorenceau".
 During their first appearance, Nemours Jean-Baptiste renamed them "Mini Jazz", due to their reduced format, thus unknowingly coining the term "mini-jazz", also referring to the mini-skirt fashion of the time.
 The new band was composed of a solo saxophonist, Tony Moise, Jean-Claude Pierre-Charles (a.k.a. Peddy) and Hans Cherubin (a.k.a. Gro Bébé) on lead vocals.
 After liven throughout Haiti, they achieved international notoriety, and in 1970, they were hired to travel to New York City to perform at Casa Borinquen.
 They decided to stay in NYC.
 They have played in many large American cities, spreading many of the musical gems of the Haitian diaspora.
 In 1976, many of the original members of the band had to leave New York for several reasons.
 This instability created a period of decline that lasted until 1991 when Jean-Baptiste Smith decided to revive the band with the addition of new musicians, such as the talented saxophonist Evens Latortue, guitarist Eddy Altine, percussionist Joseph Savius.
Juliette Roche (1884–1980) was a French painter and writer who associated with members of the Cubist and Dada movements.
7Horse is an American rock and blues duo formed in 2011 most notable for their song "Meth Lab Zoso Sticker" which was featured in Martin Scorsese's film "The Wolf of Wall Street", in the second trailer and on the soundtrack.
 It was also used by FoxSports on the pre-game show for the NFL playoff season.
 The group consists of Phil Leavitt (songwriter, drummer, and lead vocals) and Joie Calio (songwriter, guitars, bass, and vocals).
 Both are also members of the band dada.
The Kroesos Foundation is an artistic collective set up by Swiss Artist, Mark Divo.
 Between January and March 2002 they occupied the building in the centre of Zurich where the original European Dada movement began, as a response to the horrors of the first World War, which came to be known as the Cabaret Voltaire.
 The collective organised a number of events/ performances over a period of three months until they were forced to leave the building.
 In spite of their eviction they managed to have the building turned into a museum.
 Members of the collective include Mark Divo, Aiana Calugar, Dan Jones, Lennie Lee, ingo giezendanner and Pastor Leumund Cult.
 Throughout the winter of 2002 they were described as neo-Dadaists by the Swiss and international press.
 The group have exhibited in a number of international exhibitions including the real Biennale at the Kinsky Palace in Prague
Last Call Cleveland is a sketch comedy troupe.
 The members originally met when they were students at Kent State University, where they produced a late-night cable show that aired on the student-run campus network TV2.
 The show moved to Cleveland in 2001 to local broadcast cable station THE CAT (WAX 35 Cleveland and WAOH 29 Akron).
 The group started doing live sketch comedy at the shortly lived Second City Cleveland, where they remain a sketch group today.
 Although most of their performances have been in northeastern Ohio (primarily at Cabaret Dada, the Second City Cleveland theater and the House of Blues) they have also performed in Chicago at the Chicago Sketchfest, Washington, D.C. and in Los Angeles at the ImprovOlympic theater.
COUM Transmissions were a music and performance art collective who operated in the United Kingdom from 1969 through to 1976.
 Influenced by the Dada artistic movement, COUM were openly confrontational and subversive, challenging aspects of conventional British society.
 Founded in Hull, Yorkshire by Genesis P-Orridge, other prominent early members included Cosey Fanni Tutti and Spydeee Gasmantell (also at school with Genesis P-Orridge).
 Part-time member included Menzies, Haydn Robb, Les Maull (aka The Reverend Lelli), Ray Harvey and Fizzy Paet.
 Later members included Peter "Sleazy" Christopherson and Chris Carter, who together with P-Orridge and Fanni Tutti went on to found the pioneering industrial band Throbbing Gristle in 1976.
The Holy Sisters of the Gaga Dada were an eclectic band originally from Santa Cruz, California, USA formed in 1981.
 They were voted "Best Alternative Rock Band of the Year" by L.A. Weekly.
 The collaboration of keyboardist Mary Jean Shaffer and guitarist Blancah Black, the Holy Sisters reveled in eccentric, quasi-religious imagery and feminist politics.
 Other original members included Heidi Puckett (bass) and Jeff Grubic (tenor sax).
 As the band morphed from conceptual entity to frequent club performers, Black left and two new members were added, Jill Fido (bass) and Charles Bingham (drums).
 Kim Sockit later replaced Puckett, and Zero Jessephski, Jr. replaced Bingham, making the Holy Sisters of the Gaga Dada an all-female band.
 The group would later move to Hollywood, California where they were featured in "Once Upon Her Time," a TV program about women in the '80s which aired on the Lifetime Cablevision Network.
Sonia Dada is an American rock/soul/rhythm and blues band, which tours with between six and eight members.
 The Chicago-based band formed in 1990, when founding member Daniel Pritzker enlisted Michael Scott, Paris Delane, and Sam Hogan after hearing them sing in a subway station.
 Sonia Dada has become a mainstay of the Chicago musical scene in the years since, incorporating elements of rock, soul, gospel, and funk.
