Versus Versace is the diffusion line of Italian luxury fashion house Versace.
 It began in 1989 as the first diffusion lines by the house, a gift by the founder Gianni Versace to his sister, Donatella Versace.
 After closing in 2005, Donatella resurrected it in 2009 with a capsule collection of accessories designed by emerging British designer Christopher Kane.
 The brand is now very famous for its stylish watches, leather accessories and chic ready-to-wear.
Prada S.p.A. ( ; ] ) is an Italian luxury fashion house, specializing in leather handbags, travel accessories, shoes, ready-to-wear, perfumes and other fashion accessories, founded in 1913 by Mario Prada.
Fendi (] ) is an Italian luxury fashion house whose specialities include fur, ready-to-wear, leather goods, shoes, fragrances, eyewear, timepieces and accessories.
 Founded in 1925 in Rome, Fendi is renowned for its fur and fur accessories.
 Fendi is also well known for its leather goods such as "Baguette", 2jours, Peekaboo or Pequin handbags.
Sealup is an Italian luxury fashion house, specializing in the manufacturing high-end outdoor jackets and raincoats.
Moschino (] ) is an Italian luxury fashion house, specializing in ready-to-wear, leather and fashion accessories, shoes, luggage, perfume etc., founded in 1983 by Franco Moschino.
 Moschino is often pronounced in English as MOS-CHI-NO, when in fact the correct pronunciation is MOS-KEE-NO
Scappino (] ) is an Italian luxury fashion house created in 1914 by Domenico Scappino in Turin, Italy, specialized in silk products like ready-to-wear, ties, shoes, watches, jewellery, accessories, sunglasses, fragances, etc. and it is known as one of the best fine silk producers in the world.
Ermenegildo Zegna (] ) (often abbreviated and known simply as Zegna) is an Italian luxury fashion house that makes men's clothing and accessories.
 Founded in 1910 when Ermenegildo bought his father's textile looms, it is now managed by the fourth generation of the Zegna family and remains in family ownership.
 As well as producing men's suits for its own labels, it also manufactures suits for Gucci, Yves Saint Laurent, Dunhill and Tom Ford.
 As one of the biggest global producers of fine fabrics (2.3 million metres per year), Zegna has been active in promoting improvements in wool production around the world.
 Zegna is the largest menswear brand in the world by revenue.
 Alessandro Sartori oversees creative direction for all departments of the brand.
Nikii Daas is an Indian model, actress and beauty queen.
 She was crowned winner at the Gladrags beauty pageant and later won the title of "Miss Charming" while representing India at the international pageant Best Model of the World in Turkey.
 Daas started to model professionally soon after that.
 Daas has appeared in campaigns for brands like Spykar Jeans, Dolce & Gabbana, Globus, Donear suitings, Bombay Dyeing, Mag Wheels, Toyota Innova Car with Aamir Khan, Gold Souk (Dubai) – Mikura Pearls, and Paaneri Sarees.
 She has walked the ramp for designers like Satya Paul, Raymonds, Shakir Shaikh, Marc Robinson, Prasad Bidapa, Elric D'souza, Lubna Adams, and Viveka Babajee.
 She was featured in the Kingfisher Calendar.
 She made her acting debut in the 2013 kannada film "Mandahasa".
Dolce & Gabbana (] ) is an Italian luxury fashion house founded in 1985 in Legnano by Italian designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana.
Acne Studios is a multidisciplinary luxury fashion house based in Stockholm, Sweden.
 Founded in 1996 as part of the creative collective ACNE, an acronym for Ambitions to Create Novel Expressions, the fashion house specializes in men's and women's ready-to-wear fashion, footwear, accessories and denim.
 Founder and Creative Director Jonny Johannson's interest in photography, art, architecture and contemporary culture has helped Acne Studios to become a respected creator of clothing, publications, furniture, exhibitions and special collaborations.
