Pleebo (or Plibo) is a city located in Maryland County, Liberia.
 It is the largest city in Maryland County with a population of 23,000(2008 est).
The flags of the counties of the United States of America exhibit a wide variety of regional influences and local histories, as well as widely different styles and design principles.
 For example, some Floridian and Alabamian municipality flags feature a saltire, due to saltires being used on their state flags.
 Some Maryland county flags feature the coat of arms of the Calvert family, as it is featured on the Maryland state flag, and due to the Calvert family's prominence in Maryland history.
 Many counties went decades without a flag, until a certain event, such as a local sesquicentennial or the American bicentennial, spurred the creation of a flag.
 Frederick County, Maryland is one example, in 1976, it hosted a contest, asking the public to submit their designs to a commission.
 A panel then reviewed the five winning entries, choosing one to become the official county flag.
 Frederick County's example is typical of the flag adoption processes that many counties undertook with their flags.
 The 250th anniversary of Augusta County, Virginia's founding also spurred the creation of a flag, in 1988.
 Some flags, such as the flags of Montgomery County, Maryland, and Loudoun County, Virginia, were created by foreign entities, such as the College of Arms in the United Kingdom.
Linthicum station is a Baltimore Light Rail station in Linthicum Heights, Maryland.
 This station is the last station on the light rail's trunk line; southbound trains depart onto branches to BWI Marshall Airport station and Cromwell station.
 There is currently no free public parking or bus connections at this station.
The Baltimore & Annapolis Trail is a 13.3 mi rail trail in Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
 The trail starts at Boulter's Way in Arnold and ends near Baltimore Light Rail's Cromwell Station in Glen Burnie.
 Starting near Annapolis at Jonas Green State Park, the trail passes (northward) through Arnold, Severna Park, Millersville, Pasadena, and Glen Burnie.
 The Baltimore & Annapolis Trail follows the route of the Baltimore & Annapolis Railroad from which it derives its name.
 Proposed in 1972 by Jim Hague, it opened in 1990 as the second rail trail in Maryland.
Ferndale station is a Baltimore Light Rail station in Glen Burnie, Maryland.
 Northbound trains depart for Timonium, continuing on at off-peak hours to Hunt Valley; southbound trains depart for Cromwell Station / Glen Burnie.
 There is currently no free public parking or bus connections at this station.
The election to choose County Executives in Maryland occurred on Tuesday, November 7, 2006.
 The U.S. House election, 2006, U.S. Senate election, 2006, Maryland gubernatorial election, 2006, and Maryland General Assembly Election, 2006 took place on the same day.
 Seven charter counties elected a County Executive: Anne Arundel County, Baltimore County, Harford County, Howard County, Montgomery County, Prince George's County, and Wicomico County.
 This race coincided with the election for Maryland County Offices Election, 2006.
The Maryland county executive elections of 2010 were held on November 2, 2010.
 Anne Arundel County, Baltimore County, Harford County, Howard County, Montgomery County, Prince George's County, and Wicomico County elected county executives.
 This race coincided with the election for Maryland county offices elections, 2010.
Cromwell station, also known as Cromwell Station/Glen Burnie or Cromwell/Glen Burnie, is a Baltimore Light Rail station in Glen Burnie, Maryland.
 It is one of the system's two southern terminals, and one of two stations in Glen Burnie.
 Trains depart Cromwell/Glen Burnie bound for Timonium station (during peak commuting hours on weekdays) or Hunt Valley station (at all other times).
 Unlike the nearby Ferndale station, there are currently 795 free parking spaces and connections can be made to MTA Maryland's Route 14 bus from here.
 South of the station, the lines terminate on an embankment on the northwest corner of Maryland Route 648 and Maryland Route 176 to the east of Interstate 97, and the right of way is replaced by the Baltimore and Annapolis Rail Trail.
KIH28 (sometimes referred to as Philadelphia All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves Delaware Valley and surrounding areas.
 It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in Mount Holly, New Jersey with its transmitter located at Philadelphia.
 It broadcasts weather and hazard information for Berks County, Pennsylvania, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, Chester County, Pennsylvania, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, & Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania Counties in Pennsylvania; plus Burlington County, New Jersey, Camden County, New Jersey, Cumberland County, New Jersey, Gloucester County, New Jersey, Hunterdon County, New Jersey, Mercer County, New Jersey, Monmouth County, New Jersey & Salem County, New Jersey Counties in New Jersey; as well as Kent County, Delaware & New Castle County, Delaware Counties in Delaware; and Cecil County, Maryland County in Maryland.
Lake Roland Park is a city/county park encompassing over 500 acres of woodland, wetlands, serpentine barrens, rare plants and rocky plateaus surrounding Lake Roland in Baltimore County, Maryland, located near the intersection of Falls Road and Lake Avenue, adjacent to the Falls Road Light Rail Stop of the Baltimore Light Rail, which runs from Cromwell Station near Glen Burnie in Anne Arundel County in the south to Hunt Valley of Baltimore County.
 The line runs along a railroad embankment and trestle over the lake above the dam, cutting the park into a two-thirds wooded northern part and the one-third southern portion around the dam, picnic groves, pavilion and pumping station.
