Laverne Cox is an American actress and LGBT advocate.
 She rose to prominence with her role as Sophia Burset on the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black", becoming the first openly transgender person to be nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in the acting category, and the first to be nominated for an Emmy Award since composer/musician Angela Morley in 1990.
 In 2015, she won a Daytime Emmy Award in Outstanding Special Class Special as executive producer for "Laverne Cox Presents: The T Word."
 This made her the first openly transgender woman to win a Daytime Emmy as an executive producer.
 Also in 2015, she became the first openly transgender person to have a wax figure of herself at Madame Tussauds.
 In 2017, she became the first transgender person to play a transgender series regular on broadcast TV as Cameron Wirth on CBS' s "Doubt".
Actor–observer asymmetry (also actor–observer bias) explains the errors that one makes when forming attributions about the behavior of others .
 When people judge their own behavior, and they are the actor, they are more likely to attribute their actions to the particular situation than to a generalization about their personality.
 Yet when an observer is explaining the behavior of another person (the actor), they are more likely to attribute this behavior to the actors’ overall disposition rather than to situational factors.
 This frequent error shows the bias that people hold in their evaluations of behavior .
 Because people are better acquainted with the situational (external) factors affecting their own decisions, they are more likely to see their own behavior as affected by the social situation they are in.
 However, because the situational effects of anothers' behavior are less accessible to the observer, observers see the actor's behavior as influenced more by the actor's overall personality.
 The actor-observer asymmetry is a component of the ultimate attribution error.
Jessica Herthel is an author.
 In 2014 she wrote a children's book called "I Am Jazz" (not to be confused with the 2015 TV series of the same name) about a transgender child named Jazz Jennings, which is also the name of a YouTube personality.
 A 2015 reading of it attracted 600 people.
Candis Cox is an LGBTQ educator and advocate, serving on the board of directors for Equality NC and working closely with HRC fighting discrimination and educating people of all backgrounds on gender identity, sexuality, and minority issues.
 Candis came to prominence in 2016 when she became the only open transgender person to-date to meet with then-Governor McCrory to fight the discriminatory, anti-transgender, “bathroom bill”: HB2.
 Candis’ advocacy and commitment to visibility has manifested itself in many forms.
 Television specials featuring Candis’ life and work have been featured on WRAL, CNN, Focus, BBC, and German National News, among numerous others.
 In 2016, she became the first transgender keynote speaker to the Democratic Party at the Jefferson Jackson Dinner.
 Later that year she joined VP Joe Biden campaigning for Roy Cooper and Hillary Clinton during their respective runs for office.
 Candis had the great honor of being the Introductory emcee for Joan Jett and The Blackhearts and Heart during their tour through North Carolina.
 Candis also became the first open transgender person to walk the final look for NC Fashion week modeling for Michael Kuluva’s Tumbler and Tipsy.
 That year Candis was the recipient of both the HRC Person of the Year award and the Charlotte Pride “Harvey Milk” Award.
 In 2017, she starred alongside Cate Blanchett, Aurora Sexton, and Jason Hayes at The Stonewall Inn benefiting the Newtown Action Alliance.
Leelah Alcorn (November 15, 1997 – December 28, 2014) was an American transgender girl whose suicide attracted international attention.
 Alcorn had posted a suicide note to her Tumblr blog, writing about societal standards affecting transgender people and expressing the hope that her death would create a dialogue about discrimination, abuse and lack of support for transgender people.
International Transgender Day of Visibility is an annual holiday occurring on March 31 dedicated to celebrating transgender people and raising awareness of discrimination faced by transgender people worldwide.
 The holiday was founded by US-based transgender activist Rachel Crandall of Michigan in 2009 as a reaction to the lack of LGBT holidays celebrating transgender people, citing the frustration that the only well-known transgender-centered holiday was the Transgender Day of Remembrance which mourned the murders of transgender people, but did not acknowledge and celebrate living members of the transgender community.
 The first International Transgender Day of Visibility was held on March 31, 2009.
 It has since been spearheaded by the U.S.-based youth advocacy organization Trans Student Educational Resources.
Raffi Freedman-Gurspan (born May 3, 1987 in Intibucá, Honduras) is an American transgender rights activist and the first openly transgender person to work as a White House staffer.
 She was also the first openly transgender legislative staffer to work in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 She currently serves as director of external relations at the National Center for Transgender Equality, based in Washington, DC.
 She is a longtime advocate and public policy specialist on matters concerning human rights, gender, and LGBT people.
Jazz Jennings (born 2000 or 2001 ) is an American YouTube personality, spokesmodel, television personality, and LGBTQ rights activist.
 Jennings, a transgender teenage girl, is notable for being one of the youngest publicly documented people to be identified as transgender, and for being the youngest person to become a national transgender figure.
Trans bashing is the act of victimizing a person emotionally, physically, sexually, or verbally because they are transgender or transsexual.
 Unlike gay bashing, it is committed because of the target's actual or perceived gender identity, not sexual orientation.
 However, a trans person may be gay bashed if the person perceives them as gay rather than transgender.
 The term has also been applied to hate speech directed at transgender people and at depictions of transgender people in the media that reinforce negative stereotypes about them.
The Tuve landslide was a large landslide in Tuve, Gothenburg, Sweden on November 30, 1977.
 Some 67 houses were destroyed, killing 9, injuring about 60 and making around 600 people homeless.
 The slide began at 16.05 and lasted 5–6 minutes.
 The slide affected 270 000 square meters (27 hectares).
 About 600 people lived in the area; of these, approximately 200 were in the area at the time of the slide.
 About 100 needed help by rescue workers.
 It was the most severe landslide in the modern history of Sweden.
