Reading law is the method by which persons in common law countries, particularly the United States, entered the legal profession before the advent of law schools.
 This usage specifically refers to a means of entering the profession (although in England it is still customary to say that a university undergraduate is "reading" a course, which may be law or any other).
 "Reading the law" consists of an extended internship or apprenticeship under the tutelage or mentoring of an experienced lawyer.
 A small number of U.S. jurisdictions still permit this practice today.
David Finlay Breashears (born December 20, 1955) is an American mountaineer, filmmaker, author, and motivational speaker.
 In 1985, he reached the summit of Mount Everest a second time, becoming the first American to reach the summit of Mount Everest more than once.
 He is perhaps most famous for guiding Richard Bass to the summit of Everest, thus completing Bass's ascent of the Seven Summits (the highest summit on each of the seven continents).
The Fixations were a mod revival band from North London that formed in 1978.
 An early incarnation of the band, including Ken Gamby (drums), Paul Cathcart (vocals, lead guitar), Paul Cattini (vocals, rhythm guitar) and Noel Hughes (bass) started in summer 1976.
 The line-up changed in 1978 with Richard Sharp joining the band on rhythm guitar.
 Later Cathcart switched to lead guitar and taught Richard bass guitar, and gigs were lined up by November 1978, making them one of the first bands in the mod revival scene, and gaining a very early mention in "Sounds".
A stereotype is a generalized idea or image about a particular person or thing that is often oversimplified and offensive.
 Stereotypes are victim of prejudice when negative portrayals of a group are untrue of individual members.
 Nursing has been stereotyped throughout the history of the profession.
 A common misconception is that all nurses are female; this has led to the stereotype of male nurses as effeminate.
 These generalized ideas of the nursing profession have formed a skewed image of nurses in the media.
 The image of a nurse projected by the media is typically of a young white single female being over-sexualized as well as diminished intellectually; this idea is then portrayed in get-well cards, television shows and novels.
 The over-sexualized nurse is commonly referred to as a naughty nurse and is shown as a sex symbol or nymphomaniac. Along with these common stereotypes, studies have identified several other popular images used in media such as handmaiden, angel, torturer, homosexual male, alcoholic, buffoon and woman in white.
 Common stereotypes of nursing and portrayal of these misconceptions have fueled a discussion on the effects they have on the profession, harmful or good.
David Coderre is the best known advocate of Computer Assisted Audit Tools and Techniques (CAATTs) in the world.
 CAATTs are computer tools that assist auditors in their profession.
 In three books, a package of prewritten scripts, and over 20 published articles David Coderre has garnered a reputation in a small but evolving field.
 David Coderre is best known for his work with Audit Command Language (ACL.)
 ACL is a computing language designed specifically for the audit profession.
 Because of his contributions to the field of Internal Audit and CAATTS, David Coderre was awarded a lifetime achievement award by the Canadian body of the Institute of Internal Auditors.
Micah A. Hauptman is an American film and television actor, known for playing the lead role of David Gallo in the film "In Stereo", August Hardwicke in the film "Parker", and real-life character David Breashears in "Everest".
Myles Richard Kennedy (born Myles Richard Bass; November 27, 1969) is an American musician, singer, and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of the rock band Alter Bridge, and as the lead vocalist in guitarist Slash's backing band, known as Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators.
 A former guitar instructor from Spokane, Washington, he has worked as a session musician and songwriter, making both studio and live appearances with several artists, and has been involved with several projects throughout his career.
The Seven Summits are the highest mountains of each of the seven continents. Summiting all of them is regarded as a mountaineering challenge, first achieved on 30 April 1985 by Richard Bass.
 The Seven Summits achievement has become noted as an exploration and mountaineering accomplishment.
 Some have even done it twice, like Bill Allen.
A convention, in the sense of a meeting, is a gathering of individuals who meet at an arranged place and time in order to discuss or engage in some common interest.
 The most common conventions are based upon industry, profession, and fandom.
 Trade conventions typically focus on a particular industry or industry segment, and feature keynote speakers, vendor displays, and other information and activities of interest to the event organizers and attendees.
 Professional conventions focus on issues of concern to the profession and advancements in the profession.
 Such conventions are generally organized by societies or communities dedicated to promotion of the topic of interest.
 Fan conventions usually feature displays, shows, and sales based on pop culture and guest celebrities.
 Science fiction conventions traditionally partake of the nature of both professional conventions and fan conventions, with the balance varying from one to another.
 Conventions also exist for various hobbies, such as gaming or model railroads.
The Legal Profession Admission Board is the statutory authority responsible for the admission of lawyers in New South Wales.
 It was formerly two separate boards; the Barristers Admission Board and the Solicitors Admission Board.
 The "Legal Profession Act 1993" introduced common admission for both branches of the profession resulting in the merger of the two boards.
