Phyllanthus is the largest genus in the flowering plant family Phyllanthaceae.
 Estimates of the number species in this genus vary widely, from 750 to 1200.
 "Phyllanthus" has a remarkable diversity of growth forms including annual and perennial herbs, shrubs, climbers, floating aquatics, and pachycaulous succulents.
 Some have flattened leaflike stems called cladodes.
 It has a wide variety of floral morphologies and chromosome numbers and has one of the widest range of pollen types of any seed plant genus.
Rhexia is a plant genus of Melastomataceae (ca. 4500 species in 150 genera) family.
 "Rhexia" species are commonly called “meadow beauty” and 11 to 13 species of "Rhexia" have been recognized depending on different taxonomic treatments.
Falconeria is a monotypic plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae, first described as a genus in 1839.
 The genus is sometimes included within the genus "Sapium".
 The sole species is Falconeria insignis.
 The plant is found from India, Nepal, Bangladesh, and Sri Lanka to Indochina, China (Hainan, Sichuan, Yunnan), Thailand and Peninsular Malaysia.
Hesperelaea is a plant genus with only one species, probably now extinct.
 Hesperelaea palmeri was found only on Guadalupe Island, a small island in the Pacific Ocean, part of the Mexican state of Baja California, about 400 km southwest of Ensenada.
 The last collection of the plant on the island was in 1875, so the species and the genus must now be presumed extinct.
 An intensive search for the plant in 2000 was unsuccessful.
Aldrovanda vesiculosa, commonly known as the waterwheel plant, is the sole extant species in the flowering plant genus "Aldrovanda" of the family Droseraceae.
 The plant captures small aquatic invertebrates using traps similar to those of the Venus flytrap.
 The traps are arranged in whorls around a central, free-floating stem, giving rise to the common name.
 This is one of the few plant species capable of rapid movement.
Dierama pendulum, commonly known as fairy bell, hair bell and wedding bell, is a species of Iridaceae endemic to the Eastern Cape and first collected in 1772 by the Swedish naturalist Carl Peter Thunberg near Essenbos on the Kromme River or Kromrivier which flows down the Langkloof.
 In 1845 the genus "Dierama" was established by Karl Koch (1809-1879) based on this specimen.
 Before that the plant had been placed in various genera including "Ixia", "Sparaxis" and "Watsonia".
 The species name has been misapplied to "D. inyangense", "D. densiflorum" and to "D. plowesii".
Acanthopale is a plant genus in the Acanthaceae plant family.
 The genus name is based on the classic Greek words for thorn "ákantha" and stake "palum".
 Some species in the genus are cultivated as ornamental plants.
Iris domestica, commonly known as leopard lily, blackberry lily, and leopard flower, is an ornamental plant in the Iridaceae family.
 In 2005, based on molecular DNA sequence evidence, "Belamcanda chinensis", the sole species in the genus "Belamcanda", was transferred to the genus "Iris" and renamed "Iris domestica".
 Other synonyms are "Epidendrum domesticum" L., "Vanilla domestica" (L.) Druce, "Belamcanda punctata" Moench, "Gemmingia chinensis" (L.) Kuntze, "Ixia chinensis" L., "Morea chinensis", and "Pardanthus chinensis" Ker Gawl.
)
Banksia sessilis, commonly known as parrot bush, is a species of shrub or tree in the plant genus "Banksia" in the family Proteaceae.
 It had been known as Dryandra sessilis until 2007, when the genus "Dryandra" was sunk into "Banksia".
 The Noongar peoples know the plant as Budjan or Butyak.
 Widespread throughout southwest Western Australia, it is found on sandy soils over laterite or limestone, often as an understorey plant in open forest, woodland or shrubland.
 Encountered as a shrub or small tree up to 6 m in height, it has prickly dark green leaves and dome-shaped cream-yellow flowerheads.
 Flowering from winter through to late spring, it provides a key source of food—both the nectar and the insects it attracts—for honeyeaters in the cooler months, and species diversity is reduced in areas where there is little or no parrot bush occurring.
 Several species of honeyeater, some species of native bee, and the European honey bee seek out and consume the nectar, while the long-billed black cockatoo and Australian ringneck eat the seed.
 The life cycle of "Banksia sessilis" is adapted to regular bushfires.
 Killed by fire and regenerating by seed afterwards, each shrub generally produces many flowerheads and a massive amount of seed.
 It can recolonise disturbed areas, and may grow in thickets.
The flowering plant genus Ipheion (starflower, spring starflower) belongs to Allioideae subfamily of the Amaryllidaceae family.
 The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families no longer recognize the genus, regarding it as a synonym of "Tristagma", although The Plant List accepts two species.
