"Bitemarks and Bloodstains" is a song by the American rock band Finch.
 It is the twelfth track on the band's second studio album "Say Hello to Sunshine", and was released as a single on May 17, 2005 through Geffen Records.
 "Bitemarks and Bloodstains" was released to radio on June 21, 2005.
 It was subsequently released through other labels internationally in a variety of formats with various bonus tracks.
 Vocalist Nate Barcalow said "Bitemarks and Bloodstains" was the first song Finch wrote for "Say Hello to Sunshine" and it "makes the transition between the old and the new sound."
10th Anniversary: Rap-A-Lot Records is a compilation album released by Rap-a-Lot Records to celebrate the label's tenth anniversary.
 The compilation contained 11 hits from the likes of the Geto Boys, Scarface and the 5th Ward Boyz, as well as two previously unreleased songs ("Sunshine" by Scarface and "Don't Give No..." by Do or Die) and one song recorded exclusively for the album ("Bring It On").
 Former 1 of the Girls member, Nina Creque, daughter of jazz musician Neal Creque, is featured on the previously unreleased "Sunshine" by Scarface.
My Day was a newspaper column that was written by First Lady of the United States Eleanor Roosevelt six days a week from 1935 to 1962.
 From 1961 until 1962, issues were only published every other day because Roosevelt became too sick to write on her usual schedule.
 In her column, she discussed issues such as race, women, and key events (Pearl Harbor, Prohibition, H Bomb, etc.).
 This column allowed Roosevelt to spread her ideas and thoughts to millions of Americans and give them a new view on the issues they faced every day.
 George T. Bye, Eleanor Roosevelt's literary agent, encouraged her to write the column.
 With this column, Roosevelt became the first First Lady to write a daily newspaper column.
 Roosevelt also wrote for "Ladies Home Journal", McCall's, and various articles in Vogue and other women's magazines.
Say Goodnight, Sleep Alone is the first full-length album from Ellison, released in 2006.
 Using Josh Hill's basement as their recording studio, the album came together in three months.
 The band chose four songs from the EP and developed seven new songs in the studio.
 Each band member had equal creative input, allowing the songs to evolve throughout the recording process.
 Hill explains, "Generally I write a song and bring it to Mitch, J.D., and Ian so they can write their own parts.
 But with a couple of the new songs, the structure became a collaborative effort and these turned out to be some of my favorite Ellison songs."
Sylvia Dee (born Josephine Moore Proffitt, October 22, 1914 – June 12, 1967) was an American lyricist and novelist best known for writing the lyrics to "Too Young", a hit for Nat King Cole, "The End of the World", a hit for Skeeter Davis and "Bring Me Sunshine".
 She was born in Little Rock, Arkansas and educated at the University of Michigan.
 She was a copywriter for a newspaper in Rochester, New York, and wrote a number of short stories as well as the Broadway stage scores for "Barefoot Boy With Cheek".
 Joining ASCAP in 1943, her musical collaborators included Sidney Lippman, Arthur Kent, Elizabeth Evelyn Moore, George Goehring, Al Frisch and Guy Wood.
Pam Allyn (born January 31, 1963) is an American literacy expert and author.
 Pam is the founding director of LitWorld, a global literacy initiative serving children across the United States and in more than 60 countries.
 She is also the Executive Director and founder of LitLife, a cutting-edge consulting group working with schools to enrich best practice teaching methods and building curriculum for reading and writing.
 She is the author of the "Your Child’s Writing Life" (Penguin Avery), "Pam Allyn’s Best Books for Boys: How To Engage Boys in Reading in Ways That Will Change Their Lives" (Scholastic), "What To Read When: The Books and Stories To Read With Your Child–And All The Best Times To Read Them" (Penguin Avery), and "Core Ready", a 14-book series focusing on the Common Core Learning Standards (Pearson).
 Pam is widely known as a motivational speaker advocating for reading and writing as human rights that belong to all people.
 Her personal quest to bring literacy to every child stems from a deeper desire to bring dignity to every child, and to empower children to read and write powerfully, effectively and with passion in ways that will change their worlds and the worlds of others.
 Her work has been featured on Good Morning America, The Today Show, Oprah Radio, The Huffington Post, CNN International, and in The New York Times.
 Pam is the Global Ambassador for Scholastic's "Read Every Day.
 Lead a Better Life."
 Campaign.
 She is lso a spokesperson for BIC Kids, championing BIC's 2014 "Fight For Your Write" campaign.
Ismail Ahmedani (1930–2007) (اسماعیل احمدانی) was a Saraiki novelist, fiction writer, and promoter of the Saraiki language.
 He was born 1 January 1930 in a small village "Khoi" in Rajanpur District, British India (now Pakistan).
 His father Muhammad Moosa Khan was a famous writer and teacher.
 He earned a BA in art from Dera Ghazi Khan after which Ismail Ahmedani started his life as a teacher from Bahawal pur and then Khan pur district Rahim Yar Khan.
 After getting his LL.B from Sindh University in Hyder Abad Pakistan he started his legal practice in Sanghar Sindh.
 Firstly he began to write in Urdu.
 Sometimes he wrote in his mother tongue Saraiki.
 He wrote some poems in Saraiki but later he decided to write prose.
 He wrote several symbolic fictions.
 He wrote two novels named "Cholian" (waves) and "Amar Khani" (living story) He was awarded Khwaja Ghulam Farid award by the Pakistan Academy of Letters on "Chholian".
 He wrote a travelogue named "Peet de Pandh" (travel of love) and won an award for this writing.
 He wrote several articles on legendary Saraiki poet Khawaja Farid and also several articles about Saraiki language and linguistics.
 He was a critic of Saraiki literature and wrote several articles on this topic.
 He wrote his autobiography named "Yadden De Kak Muhal" (places of memories).
 In 2013 he was again awarded the Khwaja Ghulam Farid award for literature in the Saraiki language for this autobiography.
Bring Me Sunshine was a gala concert held at the London Palladium on 28 November 1984 in the presence of the Duke of Edinburgh in aid of the British Heart Foundation and was held in memory of the comedian Eric Morecambe who had died the previous May after many years of heart problems.
 It was hosted by Morecambe's long-term partner Ernie Wise and featured a host of personalities all paying their tribute to the much-missed comedian.
 The show began with a dance routine, the theme for the whole evening's music being "sunshine" the dancers were accompanied by "You Are The Sunshine Of My Life" which was followed by the big entrance of Ernie Wise who first spoke, and then sang the duo's signature tune.
 This was an emotive moment for Wise and one that showed how big a part Morecambe had played in his life.
 Other stars that appeared over the course of the evening were:
Born in a Punjabi Jatt family,in Shahdol, Madhya Pradesh,Surmeet Maavi travelled a lot with his family during his school education.He fascination for advertising prompted him to do master’s in mass communication from Punjabi University, Patiala.
 After graduating from Journalism, the time he worked for a newspaper printed at Chandigarh, later he realized that he is not meant for Journalism.
 So he left the job and headed towards Mumbai.
 There in congregation of Barry Dhillon, He learnt to write for T.V, and then he wrote story and dialogues for the serials like ‘Lakeeran’, ‘Daane Anaar de’ and ‘Dupatta’ etc.
 Then he wrote screen play for a Hindi serial Kahin to milegi.
 Meanwhile he worked for channels like Balle Balle,  ATN MH1, Channel Punjabi etc. he worked as a writer for 4-5 years in ATN MH1.
 After the journey of 15 years, he got the work to write dialogues for movie Punjab 1984.
.
 2014
Jens Pauli Heinesen (2 November 1932 in Sandavágur −19 July 2011 in Tórshavn) was a Faroese writer.
 He was one of the most important novelists of the Faroe Islands.
 Four times he received the Faroese Literature Prize and one time the Faroese Cultural Prize.
 There were only a few Faroese novelists before him, there were several poets, but only a few novelists.
 The Faroese literature was quite new; the first novel in Faroese language was published in 1909.
 William Heinesen and Jørgen Frantz Jacobsen wrote in Danish, other Faroese writers, who wrote novels in Faroese were born thirty years before Jens Pauli Heinesen: Heðin Brú (1901–87) from Skálavík on Sandoy and Martin Joensen (1902–66) from Sandvík in Suðuroy.
 Jens Pauli Heinesen wrote in his own way, more like the spoken Faroese and not so much like the Faroese from the dictionary.
 As he said, he had to write in his own dialect, he couldn't write in the Sandoy dialect or in the Suðuroy dialect.
 He wrote about the Faroese society on its way from the old society to a modern society.
 He wrote critically about political issues.
 Sometimes he wrote partially autobiographical like in the 7 volume series of novels "Á ferð inn í eina óendaliga søgu" (On a journey into a never ending story) from 1980–92.
 Jens Pauli Heinesen was president of the Association of Writers of the Faroe Islands from 1968 to 1975 (Rithøvundafelag Føroya)
