Commit This to Memory is the second studio album by American rock band Motion City Soundtrack.
 Produced by Mark Hoppus, the album was released on June 7, 2005, in the United States by Epitaph Records.
 Motion City Soundtrack, formed in 1997, had first found success with their debut album, "I Am the Movie" (2002).
 The band toured in the interim years, creating positive word-of-mouth.
 In 2004, the band joined Blink-182 on the road for a string of shows, which led to their bassist, Mark Hoppus, joining the band in the studio for his first producing effort.
OneRepublic is an American pop rock band formed in Colorado Springs, Colorado in 2002 by lead vocalist Ryan Tedder and guitarist Zach Filkins.
 It also consists of guitarist Drew Brown, bassist and cellist Brent Kutzle, and drummer Eddie Fisher.
 The band first achieved commercial success on Myspace as an unsigned act.
 In late 2003, after OneRepublic played shows throughout the Los Angeles area, a number of record labels approached the band with interest, but the band ultimately signed with Velvet Hammer, an imprint of Columbia Records.
 They made their first album with producer Greg Wells during the summer and fall of 2005 at his studio, Rocket Carousel, in Culver City, California.
 The album was originally scheduled for release on June 6, 2006, but the group was dropped by Columbia two months before the album ever came out.
 The lead single of that album, "Apologize", was released on April 30, 2006, on Myspace and received some recognition there, becoming number one on the Myspace charts.
Casino is a rock/alternative band consisting of Adam Zindani (vocals/guitar), Sam Yapp (drums), Jo Crofts (guitar) and Jimi Crutchley (bass guitar).
 The band was originally formed as Casino in 2003 and changed its name to SpiderSimpson after signing to Polydor in 2006, before reverting to the original name in late 2008 to release its first album "The Spider Simpson Incident".
 The band has a strong and loyal cult following in its home city of Birmingham, England.
 The band was inactive after the departure of Deavall, who has formed a new band (The High Hurts), and with Zindani being more involved with the Stereophonics with little time left to work with Casino.
 Currently the band are back in business, they've signed a record deal and recently released an album on Spotify.
Sasha, Benny y Erik are a pop band from Mexico.
 The group was formed by 3 former members of the Mexican pop group Timbiriche, consisting of Sasha Sokol, Benny Ibarra and Erik Rubin who are close friends in real life.
 With much anticipation by their fans, Sasha, Benny and Erik released the live album "".
 The project has enjoyed much success with a national tour that started in late 2012 and has continued through much of 2014.
 The album has been certified triple platinum + gold in Mexico for sales exceeding 210,000 copies.
 Originally, the band performed 2 concerts at the National Auditorium in Mexico City in April 2013, but due to demand, they did two more concerts at the venue in September of that same year.
 In 2013, they released En Vivo desde el Auditorio Nacional, which went gold a few days after its release.
 At the end of 2013, the album was officially recognized by AMPROFON as the second best-selling album in Mexico that year (after the album "Confidencias" by Alejandro Fernandez).
 In late 2014, Sasha, Benny y Erik will release their first studio album "Vuelta al Sol" and release "Esta Noche" as their first single.
 Next singles were "Todo tiene su lugar" ,"Japi" and "Punto de partida".
 In 2015, they performed at National Auditorium twice ( two concerts in May and other two in November).
 In early 2016, they will release a new live album with new songs and hits, performed with several guests.
 First single "Lo Siento" featuring Pepe Aguilar, was released on February 19 in iTunes.
 In May, "Entre Amigos" was released and the band announced the end of the project in December.
 The album was certified as Gold some weeks later and they startred a farewell tour, which final performance will be on December 31.
Wild International is a tribal/experimental band from New York City, USA.
 Originally formed in 2009 in Long Island, the band is composed of Ryan Camenzuli, Bryan Daly, and Greg Coffey.
 The band bases its sound on drums, bass and guitar, but also creates tribal sounds by layering in percussion, vocal harmonies and other experimental noises.
 The band's first self-titled EP was released in 2009, while touring around Long Island.
 Since then, the band has based itself in New York City, playing shows all over the five boroughs.
 In 2010, the band took part in The Break Contest, and wound up playing at The Bamboozle festival of that year.
 In 2012, Wild International released its second album, titled "Lake Tones".
 The self-released album has received positive critical acclaim from such music websites and magazines as The Owl Mag, Bestnewbands.com, and The Deli Magazine.
Vampire Weekend is an American rock band from New York City, formed in 2006.
 They are currently signed to XL Recordings.
 The band consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Ezra Koenig, drummer and percussionist Chris Tomson and bassist and backing vocalist Chris Baio.
 The band's first album "Vampire Weekend" (2008) – which included the singles "Mansard Roof", "A-Punk", "Oxford Comma", "Cape Cod Kwassa Kwassa" and "The Kids Don't Stand a Chance" – was acclaimed by critics for its world music influences.
 Their following album, "Contra" (2010), was similarly acclaimed and garnered strong commercial success.
 Their third studio album, "Modern Vampires of the City" (2013), won the group a Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album in 2014.
The Ramones were an American punk rock band from New York City.
 Their discography consists of fourteen studio albums, six live albums, twelve compilation albums, seventy-one singles, thirty-two music videos and eleven films.
 The band formed in early 1974, and upon signing with Seymour Stein of Sire Records, the Ramones released their self-titled debut album on April 23, 1976.
 Despite the recording process only taking a week and being on a budget of $6,400, the album has since become their most accoladed and iconic release. "
Leave Home" was the band's follow up album released less than a year later in 1977, also released through Sire.
 While it was the first album to chart in the United Kingdom, it did not chart as well in the United States as "Ramones" nor their third record "Rocket to Russia", which was released in late 1977. "
Road to Ruin" was the band's fourth studio album, and their first to feature a change in band member line-up, with drummer Marky Ramone replacing Tommy Ramone.
Angelcorpse is a blackened death metal band born on the ashes of Pete Helmkamp's previous band, Order from Chaos, originally from Kansas City, Missouri, and relocated to Tampa, Florida.
 They formed in 1995, with a line-up of Helmkamp, guitarist Gene Palubicki, and drummer John Longstreth, and recorded a demo, "Goats to Azazael", which led to a contract with Osmose Productions.
 The band's debut album, "Hammer of Gods", was released in 1996, after which rhythm guitarist Bill Taylor joined, playing on second album "Exterminate" (1998).
 Drummer Tony Laureano joined shortly after its release but Taylor left.
 The band's third album, "The Inexorable", was released in the fall of 1999, after which Taylor rejoined.
 While on tour with Immortal, Satyricon, and Krisiun, in support of "The Inexorable", the band had an accident in their tour van, in which Helmkamp was injured.
 On the same tour, Helmkamp's girlfriend was stabbed, and he decided to leave the band.
 The rest of the band continued for a while but decided to split up.
Los Microwaves was a synthesizer driven pop, techno-punk new wave trio formed in San Jose, California in 1978.
 The band consisted of Meg Brazill (vocals, bass, synthesizers), David Javelosa (vocals, synthesizers), and Todd “Rosa” Rosencrans (drums, electronic percussion, bass).
 The band released one album, recorded in 1981, "Life After Breakfast."
 The band toured in support of the album until playing their last show at Danceteria in New York City in March 1983.
 Their album was remastered and re-released in 2013.
 In addition to the album, the band release several singles.
 And as a single artist, Javelosa issued several other recordings frequently under the moniker of David Microwave, frequently backed by other players referred to as Los otros Microwaves.
 The band did a 25-year reunion concert in Woodstock, Vermont August 13, 2005.
 Rosencrans died in 2010.
Boys Life was an American indie rock band from Kansas City, Missouri formed in 1993.
 Members would go on to Canyon, The Farewell Bend, and Lullaby for the Working Class.
 Brandon Butler has also released several albums of solo material under his own name and formed the band Six Bells in 2014, who released their debut album in Fall 2015.
[] In 2015, the band announced a brief reunion tour to coincide with the vinyl-only reissue of its second full-length album.
