Rickson Gracie (] ; born November 21, 1958) is a Brazilian 9th degree red belt in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu and a retired mixed martial artist.
 He is a member of the Gracie family: the son of Hélio Gracie, brother to Rorion and Relson Gracie, and half-brother to Rolker, Royce, Robin and Royler Gracie.
 In November 2014 he became an inductee of the Legends of MMA Hall of Fame, alongside Big John McCarthy, Pat Miletich, and Fedor Emelianenko.
Deep (previously Deep2001) is a Japan-based mixed martial arts promoting and sanctioning organization.
 It is promoted by Shigeru Saeki who is also the former Public Relations Director of Pride Fighting Championships.
 Their inaugural event took place in 2001 and featured Paulo Filho and Royler Gracie.
 On May 17, 2008, Deep announced a partnership with ZST to share fighters, co-promote shows and eventually unify the promotions.
Robin Gracie is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
 Robin is the youngest son of Hélio Gracie.
 He currently resides in Barcelona and runs the official Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy of Spain and teaches seminars throughout Europe and North America.
 He was a Vale Tudo competitor and was a 1998 ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship Silver Medalist.
 Robin was trained by his father Hélio, and his brothers Royler Gracie, Rolker Gracie and Royce Gracie.
 Robin is also notable for a widely published no holds barred fight he took within his own academy, in what was part of one of the first "Gracie Challenge", against French journeyman fighter and black belt in BJJ, Damien Riccio in 2001.
Hélio Gracie (] ; October 1, 1913 – January 29, 2009) was a Brazilian martial artist who, together with his brother Carlos Gracie, founded the martial art of Gracie jiu-jitsu and with Luiz França and Oswaldo Fadda the martial art of Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ).
 According to Rorion Gracie, his father Hélio is one of the first sports heroes in Brazilian history; he was named Man of the Year in 1997 by the American martial arts publication "Black Belt" magazine.
 A patriarch of the Gracie family, he was the father of Rickson, Royler, Royce, Relson, and Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) co-founder Rorion Gracie, among other sons and daughters.
Mauricio Villardo Reis (born January 14, 1975) best known as Mauricio Villardo is a fourth-degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Royler Gracie, head instructor of Gracie Humaitá and he is also a former World Champion of the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship of the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (IBJJF).
 Living close to the beautiful beaches in Brazil, Mauricio's hobby was surfing, but once he experienced Jiu-Jitsu, he fell in love with the sport.
 Mauricio’s first experience with the martial arts was not Jiu-Jitsu.
 When he was seven,he began practicing Judo at Clube do Flamengo,in Rio de Janeiro.
Wellington Leal "Megaton" Dias is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) practitioner, and an official black belt representative of the Royler Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Association.
 Wellington originally trained under Rogerio Camoes and later at the legendary Gracie Humaitá jiu-jitsu school in Rio de Janeiro.
 Wellington received his black belt at the age of 18.
 Wellington is currently a fifth degree black belt under Royler Gracie.
Rolls Gracie ([ˈɡɾejsi] 1951–1982) was a Brazilian martial artist.
 He was a prominent member of the Gracie family known for their founding of Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) and considered by some the family's best ever fighter.
 He was teacher of Rickson Gracie, Carlos Gracie Jr., Royler Gracie, Márcio "Macarrão" Stambowsky, Rigan Machado and Romero "Jacare" Cavalcanti.
 He died in a hang-gliding accident in 1982.
Kazushi Sakuraba (桜庭 和志 , Sakuraba Kazushi , born July 14, 1969) is a Japanese mixed martial artist and professional wrestler, currently signed to Rizin Fighting Federation.
 He has competed in traditional puroresu for New Japan Pro Wrestling and shoot-style competition for UWFi and Kingdom Pro Wrestling.
 He has fought in MMA competition in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Pride Fighting Championships, Hero's and Dream.
 He is known as the "Gracie Hunter" or the "Gracie Killer" due to his wins over four members of the famed Gracie family: Royler Gracie, Renzo Gracie, Ryan Gracie, and Royce Gracie.
 In particular, Sakuraba is famous for his initial fight with Royce, which lasted ninety minutes.
Royler Gracie (born December 6, 1965) is a retired Brazilian-American mixed martial artist and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner.
 He ran the Gracie Humaitá school in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil for many years under his father Helio's direction, but currently lives in San Diego.
Ashi-Hishigi also called an Achilles lock or simply an ankle lock, is a technique described in both "The Canon Of Judo" by Kyuzo Mifune and "Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Theory and Technique" by Renzo Gracie and Royler Gracie as well as demonstrated in the video, The Essence Of Judo.
 It is classified as a joint lock (Kansetsu-waza), and is not a recognized technique of the Kodokan.
 However, It is a commonly used technique in both Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu tournaments and Mixed martial arts competition.
