21st Amendment Brewery is a brewery and restaurant located in the South Park neighborhood of San Francisco, California, two blocks from AT&T Park.
 They also have a brewery and tap room in San Leandro, California.
 The brewery's name refers to the 21st Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which ended Prohibition.
Market Garden Brewery is a brewery located in the Ohio City neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio.
 The brewery, which began as a brewpub in 2011 adjacent to the West Side Market, expanded with the opening of a 35,000 square foot production brewhouse in the Spring of 2016.
 Market Garden's sister location, Nanobrew, is a smaller brewpub—also located on 25th Street—where the brewery develops most of its recipes for larger scale production.
 The brewery along with Great Lakes Brewing and the Platform Beer Company, comprises a section of Ohio City that is locally referred to as the Brewing District.
Ditmas Park is a neighborhood in western Flatbush in the New York City borough of Brooklyn, east of Kensington, and is one of three Flatbush neighborhoods which have been officially designated Historic Districts. Located on land formerly owned by the Ditmas family that remained rural until the early 20th century, the neighborhood consists of many large, free-standing Victorian homes built in the first decade of the 20th century.
 The traditional boundaries of Ditmas Park, including Ditmas Park West, are from Ocean Avenue to Coney Island Avenue, and from Dorchester Road to Newkirk Avenue.
 Ditmas Park is policed by the New York City Police Department's 70th Precinct, and is within Brooklyn Community Board 14.
Boca do Lixo (] , "Garbage Mouth") is the popular name given to Santa Efigênia area between the streets Rua do Triunfo and Rua Vitória, in Luz neighborhood located in downtown of São Paulo.
 Boca was usually characterized by its night clubs and sexual services establishments.
 The area was also home to a flourishing cinema industry known as Mouth of Garbage Cinema, especially in the 1970s.
 It became to be known as "Cracolândia" ("Crack Land") in the 1990s, a surrounding identified with drugs, organised crime and violence.
 Today, Boca is a constantly policed area and crime rate has dramatically fallen.
The Yakel House and Union Brewery are a historic house and brewery complex located at 1421-1431 Pearl St. in Alton, Illinois.
 Philip Yakel, a German immigrant, built the brewery soon after coming to America in 1836.
 The brewery was the first in Alton and one of the city's earliest successful industries.
 Yakel's son George, who eventually ran the brewery alongside his father, built the house in 1863; it was the family's second home at the site.
 The brick home features a vernacular design influenced by German architectural tradition.
 William Netzhammer, a brewer from St. Louis, purchased the brewery in 1882.
 The Netzhammer family ran the brewery until it closed in 1952;, notably, the brewery continued production during Prohibition by making near beer.
Metropolitan Brewing is a brewery located in Chicago, Illinois that was founded in 2008 by (former) husband and wife team Doug Hurst and Tracy Hurst.
 The brewery is located in a converted warehouse in a historically industrial area of the Ravenswood neighborhood in Chicago.
 Metropolitan focuses on brewing lagers in the traditional German style.
 They are the sole craft brewery in Chicago that produces only lagers.
 Mr. Hurst has earned a brewing diploma at the Siebel Institute of Technology & World Brewing Academy.
Fremont Brewery is a brewery located in the Fremont neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, in the United States.
 The brewery is family-owned and creates small-batch artisan beers.
 Their beers have quickly become some of the best selling in the area.
 Originally consisting of only a few tables in the brewery, the tasting room has expanded into a large part of the building and an outdoor seating area.
 An expanded brewing facility will open in neighboring Ballard to meet demand.
 The increase to 250,000 barrels a year would put it among the top producing craft breweries in the United States.
Schnell Brewery (1864–1872), owned by George Schnell, was located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood on 20th Street between M and N Streets, Northwest.
 It was purchased by Christian Heurich and Paul Rutter in 1872 and served as the first location of the Christian Heurich Brewing Company.
 The Schnell brewery produced Weißbier in small quantities during its operation.
 When the brewery was purchased by Heurich and Ritter, George Schnell was sick and the brewery was operated by his wife, one of the early female brewers in Washington DC.
Bavarian Brewing Company was a brewery established in Covington, Kentucky, in 1866 by Julius Deglow, but became known as the Bavarian Brewery in the 1870s.
 The brewery was originally located on Pike Street and the business expanded to include the 12th street property by 1877.
 The company also operated as the John Meyer Brewery and the Meyer-Riedlin Brewery before becoming incorporated at Bavarian Brewery Co. in 1889 by William Riedlin.
 The company was family owned until it was acquired by International Breweries, Inc.(IBI) in 1959.
 However, it operated as the Bavarian Division of IBI and continued to produce its flagship beer, Bavarian's, until the facility closed in 1966.
 The property was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 and rehabilitated shortly thereafter.
The William Ulmer Brewery was a brewery founded by William Ulmer (1833–1907) at 31 Belvidere Street in Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York.
 The main brew house dates from 1872 with major additions through 1890.
