The Young Veins were a rock band from Echo Park, California.
 The band was composed of Ryan Ross and Jon Walker, two former members of the Las Vegas band Panic!
 at the Disco, along with bassist Andy Soukal, drummer Nick Murray and keyboardist Nick White.
"The Ballad of Mona Lisa" (commonly referred to as simply "Mona Lisa") is a song by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco, released February 1, 2011 as the first single from the group's third studio album, "Vices & Virtues" (2011).
 Vocalist Brendon Urie wrote the song to express personal struggles and convictions many years prior to its official production for "Vices & Virtues".
 The song impacted radio on February 15, 2011.
"That Green Gentleman (Things Have Changed)" (often shortened to "That Green Gentleman") is a single by American rock band Panic at the Disco, from their second studio album "Pretty.
 Odd.
" The song was the second song written by the band after they decided to scrap an album's worth of material, but was not played with "When the Day Met the Night" and "Nine in the Afternoon" at the various festivals Panic performed at during the summer of 2007.
Vices & Virtues is the third studio album by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco, released on March 22, 2011 on Fueled by Ramen.
 Produced by John Feldmann and Butch Walker, the album was recorded as a duo by vocalist and multi-instrumentalist Brendon Urie and drummer Spencer Smith, following the departure of lead guitarist, backing vocalist and primary lyricist Ryan Ross and bassist/backing vocalist Jon Walker in July 2009.
 The album's artwork was conceptualized by touring bassist Dallon Weekes who was inducted as a full-time member of the band near the end of recording.
A Fever You Can't Sweat Out is the debut studio album by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco.
 Produced by Matt Squire, the album was released on September 27, 2005, on Decaydance and Fueled by Ramen.
 The group formed in Las Vegas in 2004 and began posting demos online, which caught the attention of Fall Out Boy bassist Pete Wentz.
 Wentz signed the group to his own imprint label, Decaydance, without them having ever performed live.
"Ready to Go (Get Me Out of My Mind)" (commonly referred to as simply "Ready to Go") is a song by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco, released June 6, 2011, as the second single from the group's third studio album "Vices & Virtues" (2011).
 A clip of the song was used on the band's short film, "The Overture".
 The song received positive critical reviews on its release.
Panic!
 at the Disco is an American rock band that originated in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Their 2005 debut album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out", reached number 13 on the US "Billboard" 200, and has sold more than 2.2 million copies since its September 2005 release, spearheaded by the platinum top 10 hit single, "I Write Sins Not Tragedies".
 The band's second album, "Pretty.
 Odd.
", was released on March 21, 2008, entering the US chart at, and peaking at, number 2.
 Their third effort, "Vices & Virtues", was released on March 18, 2011, and peaked at number 7 in the US.
 Their fourth album, 2013's "Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die!
", entered the US chart at, and peaked at, number 2, and contained the gold certified lead single "Miss Jackson".
 The band's fifth studio album, "Death of a Bachelor", was released in January 2016 and became their first Number 1 album in the US.
Vices & Virtues Tour was a concert tour by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco in support of their "Vices & Virtues" album, in 2011.
 It was split into three legs.
 The first leg was called "An Intimate Evening With Panic!
 at the Disco".
 It began on January 23, 2011 and currently had twelve shows listed.
 The second part was after the album's release, named the "Vices & Virtues European Tour".
 The third leg of the tour was called the "Vices & Virtues Asian Tour".
 This had at least two dates listed.
 There was a fourth leg planned, touring Australia as a headline act in the "Soundwave Revolution Festival".
 However, this festival was cancelled and instead, Panic!
 At The Disco headlined Counterwave Revolution in the region.
Spencer James Smith (born September 2, 1987) is an American musician.
 He is best known as a co-founding member and the former drummer of the rock band Panic!
 at the Disco.
 He recorded four studio albums with the band: "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" (2005), "Pretty.
 Odd.
" (2008), "Vices & Virtues" (2011), and "Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die!
" (2013).
 The band's debut album went Platinum and charted at No. 13 on the US "Billboard" 200, spearheaded by the hit single "I Write Sins Not Tragedies", which peaked at No. 7 in the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Vices and Virtues is the second studio album by Canadian rock band Art of Dying.
 It is the band's major label debut after signing under David Draiman and Dan Donegan's Intoxication records.
 Coincidentally, alternative rock band Panic!
 at the Disco released their third album, also titled "Vices & Virtues" (not counting the ampersand), four days prior.
 As of September 2014, "Vices and Virtues" has sold over 50,000 copies.
