Dame Jane Morris Goodall {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born Valerie Jane Morris-Goodall, 3 April 1934), formerly Baroness Jane van Lawick-Goodall, is a British primatologist, ethologist, anthropologist, and UN Messenger of Peace.
 Considered to be the world's foremost expert on chimpanzees, Goodall is best known for her over 55-year study of social and family interactions of wild chimpanzees since she first went to Gombe Stream National Park, Tanzania in 1960.
 She is the founder of the Jane Goodall Institute and the Roots & Shoots programme, and she has worked extensively on conservation and animal welfare issues.
 She has served on the board of the Nonhuman Rights Project since its founding in 1996.
Dawn Prince-Hughes (born January 31, 1964 in Carbondale, Illinois) is an American anthropologist, primatologist, and ethologist who received her M.A. and PhD in interdisciplinary anthropology from the Universität Herisau in Switzerland.
 In 2000 she was appointed an adjunct professor at Western Washington University.
 She is the executive chair of ApeNet Inc., has served as the executive director of the Institute for Cognitive Archaeological Research and is associated with the Jane Goodall Institute.
The Trimates, sometimes called Leakey's Angels, is a name given to three women — Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, and Birutė Galdikas — chosen by anthropologist Louis Leakey to study hominids in their natural environments.
 They studied chimpanzees, gorillas and orangutans respectively.
Richard Erskine Frere Leakey FRS (born 19 December 1944) is a Kenyan paleoanthropologist, conservationist, and politician.
 He is second of the three sons of the archaeologists Louis Leakey and Mary Leakey.
The Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund International (originally the Digit Fund) is a charity for the protection of endangered mountain gorillas.
 The Digit Fund was created by Dr. Dian Fossey in 1978 for the sole purpose of financing her anti-poaching patrols and preventing further poaching of the mountain gorillas.
 Fossey studied at her Karisoke Research Center in the Virunga Volcanoes of Rwanda.
 The non-profit fund was named in memory of Fossey's favourite gorilla, Digit, who was decapitated by poachers for the offer of US$20 by a Hutu merchant who specialized in selling gorilla heads as trophies and gorilla hands as ashtrays to tourists.
The Jane Goodall Institute (Hong Kong) (), founded in 2002, was established as a local registered charity involved in the promotion of the well-being of the community, animals and environment.
 The Jane Goodall Institute Hong Kong is one of the Asian branches of the Jane Goodall Institute which was founded in 1977 in California by Jane Goodall and Genevieve, Princess di San Faustino.
 With its headquarters in the US, the Jane Goodall Institute is a worldwide non-profit organization with 17 overseas offices.
Birutė Marija Filomena Galdikas, OC (born 10 May 1946), is a Lithuanian-Canadian anthropologist, primatologist, conservationist, ethologist, and author.
 She is currently a Professor at Simon Fraser University.
 Well known in the field of primatology, Galdikas is recognized as a leading authority on orangutans.
 Prior to her field study of orangutans, scientists knew little about the species.
Mountain Gorilla is a 2010 three-part television series produced by the BBC Natural History Unit which features intimate footage of the last remaining wild population of the eponymous great ape.
 The BBC film-makers were granted access to habituated groups of mountain gorillas in their highland stronghold: Rwanda's Virunga National Park and Uganda's Bwindi Impenetrable Forest.
 The cameras follow field scientists, veterinary teams and anti-poaching patrols for six months as they watch over the gorillas, providing medical care, protection and observations on their daily lives.
 The study of these apes was initiated by the primatologist Dian Fossey in the late 1960s.
Dian Fossey ( ; January 16, 1932 – c. December 26, 1985) was an American primatologist and conservationist known for undertaking an extensive study of mountain gorilla groups over a period of 18 years.
 She studied them daily in the mountain forests of Rwanda, initially encouraged to work there by anthropologist Louis Leakey.
 Her 1983 book, "Gorillas in the Mist", combines her scientific study of the gorillas at Karisoke Research Center with her own personal story.
 It was adapted into a 1988 film of the same name.
 Fossey was brutally murdered in her cabin at a remote camp in Rwanda in December 1985.
Woman in the Mists: The Story of Dian Fossey and the Mountain Gorillas of Africa is a 1987 biography of the conservationist Dian Fossey, who studied and lived among the mountain gorillas of Rwanda.
