The Eagle Street College was an informal literary society established in 1885 at the home of James William Wallace in Eagle Street, Bolton, to read and discuss literary works, particularly the poetry of Walt Whitman, (1819–91).
 The group subsequently became known as the Bolton Whitman Fellowship or Whitmanites.
 Its founder members were Wallace, Dr John Johnston and Fred Wild.
 The group held an annual 'Whitman Day' celebration around the 31 May which was the poet's birthday.
The Inklings was an informal literary discussion group associated with the University of Oxford, England, for nearly two decades between the early 1930s and late 1949.
 The Inklings were literary enthusiasts who praised the value of narrative in fiction and encouraged the writing of fantasy.
The Petrashevsky Circle was a Russian literary discussion group of progressive-minded commoner-intellectuals in St. Petersburg in the 1840s.
 It was organized by Mikhail Petrashevsky, a follower of the French utopian socialist Charles Fourier.
 Among the members were writers, teachers, students, minor government officials, and army officers.
 While differing in political views, most of them were opponents of the tsarist autocracy and Russian serfdom.
 Like that of the Lyubomudry group founded earlier in the century, the purpose of the circle was to discuss Western philosophy and literature that was officially banned by the Imperial government of Tsar Nicholas I.
Norma Guillard Limonta is a Cuban social psychologist and adjunct lecturer at the University of Havana.
 She is a co-founder of Grupo Oremi, a now defunct lesbian discussion group in Cuba.
 Her academic works borders on gender, sexuality, race and identity.
 Guillard is a foundation member of the Cuban branch of La Articulacion Regional de Afrodescendientes de Latinoamerica y el Caribe, a joint regional discussion group composed of individuals of African descent in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Roger (Gilbert) Lancelyn Green (2 November 1918 – 8 October 1987) was a British biographer and children's writer.
 He was an Oxford academic who formed part of the Inklings literary discussion group along with C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien.
Adam Fox (1883 – 1977), Canon, was the Dean of Divinity at Magdalen College, Oxford.
 He was one of the first members of the "Inklings", a literary group which also included C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien.
 Between 1938 and 1942 he was Professor of Poetry.
 Later he became Canon of Westminster Abbey and he is buried there in Poet's Corner.
 He was also Warden (Headmaster) of the famous Radley College.
Nikolay Alexandrovich Speshnev (Russian: Николай Александрович Спе́шнев; 1821, Kursk - 1882, St. Petersburg) was a 19th-century Russian aristocrat and political activist, best known for his involvement with the pro-socialist literary discussion group the Petrashevsky Circle.
 He formed a secret revolutionary society from among the members of the circle, which included the young Fyodor Dostoevsky.
 After the government of Tsar Nicholas I arrested the members of the Petrashevsky Circle in 1849, Speshnev was interrogated, threatened with torture, and eventually sentenced, along with Dostoevsky, Petrashevsky and others, to execution by firing squad.
 The sentence was commuted to hard labour in Siberia, but the prisoners were only informed of this after enduring a mock execution.
Litbits is a literary discussion radio programme and podcast, hosted by academic Adam Smyth and literary journalist James Kidd.
 Guests on the programme have included Polly Russell, Paul Myerscough, Alex von Tunzelmann, Samantha Ellis, Jonathan Beckman, Hallie Rubenhold, Steve Rose, Joe Brooker, Dennis Duncan, Dinah Roe, Giles Milton and Liane Strauss.
 Subjects covered include Rooms and Procrastination.
Charles Leslie Wrenn (1895–1969) was a British scholar.
 He became Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon at the University of Oxford in 1945, the successor in the chair of J.R.R. Tolkien, and held the position until 1963.
 Wrenn was a Fellow of Pembroke College, Oxford.
 He was also a member of the Oxford literary discussion group known as the "Inklings", which included C. S. Lewis and Tolkien.
 Some of the work published by Wrenn includes "The English Language" (1949), "A Study of Old English Literature" (1967)"," and "An Old English Grammar," written with Randolph Quirk (1955, rev. 1957).
 His literary interests were primarily comparative literature and later poets including T. S. Elliot.
Colin Graham Hardie (16 February 1906 – 17 October 1998) was a British classicist and academic.
 From 1933 to 1936, he was Director of the British School at Rome.
 From 1936 to 1973, he was a Fellow of Magdalen College, Oxford, and a tutor in classics.
 In addition, from 1967 to 1973, he was the Public Orator of the University of Oxford.
 He was a member of the Inklings, an informal literary discussion group which included the likes of J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis.
