The Captain from Connecticut is a novel by C. S. Forester, the author of the novels about fictional Royal Navy officer Horatio Hornblower.
 "The Captain from Connecticut" is set at the tail end of the Napoleonic Wars, and the War of 1812.
 It was written at the beginning of World War II.
 Forester wanted to write a novel where both American and British sailors could be heroic and admirable.
A Ship of the Line is an historical seafaring novel by C. S. Forester.
 It follows his fictional hero Horatio Hornblower during his tour as captain of a ship of the line.
 By internal chronology, "A Ship of the Line", which follows "The Happy Return", is the seventh book in the series (counting the unfinished "Hornblower and the Crisis").
 However, the book, published in 1938, was the second Hornblower novel completed by Forester.
 It is one of three "Hornblower" novels adapted into the 1951 British-American film "Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N.".
Dirty Weekend (1991) is a novel by Helen Zahavi, adapted into a film two years later by Zahavi and director Michael Winner.
 In the US it was first published under the title The Weekend; some editions are subtitled "A Novel of Revenge".
Dirty Weekend is a British film directed by Michael Winner, based on the novel of the same name by Helen Zahavi.
 It was banned from video release for two years by the BBFC for its violent and <nowiki>sexual</nowiki> content.
The Happy Return (Beat to Quarters in the US) was the first of the Horatio Hornblower novels published by C. S. Forester.
 It appeared in 1937.
 The American name is derived from the expression "beat to quarters", which was the signal to prepare for combat.
 This book is sixth by internal chronology of the series (including the unfinished "Hornblower and the Crisis").
 Hornblower's past history as narrated in the book does not entirely accord with his history as revealed in the books of the series written later, but Forester never revised the book.
Peters Fraser and Dunlop (PFD) is a talent and literary agency based in London, England.
 One of the oldest agencies in Britain, and a co-founder of the Association of Authors' Agents, it is home to a distinguished and varied client list, including Jeanette Winterson, Ruby Wax, Steve Peters, Helen Rappaport, Simon Schama, William Hague, Sarah Raven, Twiggy, Sir Max Hastings, Chris Patten, Bear Grylls, Valentine Warner, Philip Norman and such estates as V.S. Pritchett, E.M. Forster, Georges Simenon, Margery Allingham C.S. Forester, Robert Bolt, Edmund Crispin and Storm Jameson.
Helen Zahavi (born 1966) is an English novelist and screenwriter born and educated in London.
 Her father was sent to Britain with the Polish Army during the Second World War and her mother's parents came from Odessa.
 Before becoming a writer Zahavi worked as a Russian translator, and has spent several years living in Paris.
Hornblower and the Crisis is a 1967 historical novel by C. S. Forester.
 It forms part of the Horatio Hornblower series, and as a result of Forester's death in 1966, it was left unfinished.
 There is a one-page summary of the last several chapters of the book found on the final page, taken from notes left behind from the author.
 It was the eleventh and last book of the series to be published, but it is fourth in chronological sequence.
Alan de Neville (sometimes Alan de Neuville; died c. 1176) was an English nobleman and administrator who held the office of chief forester under King Henry II of England.
 Before serving the king, Neville was an official of Waleran, Count of Meulan.
 In 1166 Neville was named chief forester, an office he held until his death.
 Besides his forest duties, Neville also supported the king during the Becket controversy, and was excommunicated twice by Thomas Becket, the Archbishop of Canterbury.
 Neville was known for the harshness he displayed in carrying out his forest office, and at least one monastic chronicle claimed that he "most evilly vexed the various provinces throughout England".
Charles Clemon Deam was the first state forester of Indiana.
 He was born on August 30, 1865 on the family farm near Bluffton in Wells County, Indiana.
 Deam grew up on the family farm, where his father taught him about the plants on the farm before attending DePauw University for two years before leaving due to the cost of tuition.
 He was an avid amateur botanist who worked in a pharmacy, which he had partial ownership in until his death.
 His work as a clerk in a pharmacy led him to botany in an indirect way.
 Long work days of up to 14 hours caused stress.
 His doctor recommended that he take walks to reduce the stress.
 It was on those walks that Deam indulged his interest in botany, a hobby that would eventually lead him to a career in forestry for the state of Indiana.
 Deam's work as a forester has been honored by both the United States government and the state of Indiana.
 Two protected areas, Charles C. Deam Wilderness, part of the Hoosier National Forest and Deam Lake State Recreation Area an Indiana state park are named for him.
 In 1947, he was awarded the Mary Soper Pope Memorial Award in botany.
