In the Name of the Law (French: Au nom de la loi ) is a 1932 French crime film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Marcelle Chantal, Régine Dancourt and Gabriel Gabrio.
 It was based on a novel by Paul Bringuier.
 The film was well received by critics. "
Variety" considered Marcelle Chantal's performance "her best so far in talkers".
"Leave It to Beaver" is the twenty-second and final episode of the first season of the American television series "Veronica Mars".
 Series creator Rob Thomas wrote the story, and collaborated with Diane Ruggiero to write the teleplay.
 The season finale was directed by Michael Fields, and was first aired on May 10, 2005 in the United States on UPN.
Waiting for Summer is a 2012 Canadian drama film directed by Senthil Vinu and produced by Krzysztof Pietroszek, starring Caleb Verzyden and Virginia Leigh.
 The film was released on March 30, 2012 at the Canadian Film Fest in Toronto, Canada and won the 2012 Film North Best Feature Award at the Film North – Huntsville International Film Festival.
Think Like a Man Too is a 2014 romantic comedy film directed by Tim Story and the sequel to Story's 2012 film "Think Like a Man" based on Steve Harvey's book "Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man".
 The script is written by David A. Newman and Keith Merryman.
 The film was released on June 20, 2014.
 The cast from the first film returned to reprise their roles.
The Queen's Necklace (French:Le collier de la reine) is a 1929 French historical drama film directed by Tony Lekain and Gaston Ravel and starring Marcelle Chantal, Georges Lannes and Diana Karenne.
 The film is an adaptation of Alexandre Dumas's novel "The Queen's Necklace" which portrays the Affair of the Diamond Necklace which occurred before the French Revolution.
 The film's art direction was by Lucien Carré.
 The film was made and distributed by Gaumont.
 In Germany it was released by the major studio UFA.
Edward Sinnott "Tex" O'Reilly (15 August 1880 – 9 December 1946) was an American soldier of fortune who is said to have fought in ten wars under many flags.
 Initially serving in the U.S. Army in the Spanish–American War and Philippine–American War, as well as the Boxer Rebellion, he would claim to fight in Venezuela, Honduras and Nicaragua.
 He fought with Pancho Villa in Mexico and claimed to have fought in the Rif War with the Spanish Foreign Legion in North Africa, as well as serving as an international policeman in Shanghai.
 He became a writer, including as a reporter for the Associated Press.
 He wrote an autobiography, "Roving and Fighting", and Lowell Thomas wrote "Born to Raise Hell" about him.
 The latter book has been reprinted and is distributed by The Long Riders' Guild Press.
George Glass (August 19, 1910 – April 1, 1984) was an American film producer and publicist, best known for his work with Stanley Kramer.
 In Kramer's 1997 autobiography, describing how he formed his first production company in the late 1940s, he called Glass "one of the best publicity men in town", and remarked "I was fortunate to get Glass, with whom I had worked in the Lewin-Loew partnership before the war.
 He was a bright man and a very smooth operator."
 In a 1973 biography of Marlon Brando, Bob Thomas wrote:
Chantal Thomas (born 1945, in Lyon) is a French writer and historian.
 Her 2002 book, "Farewell, My Queen", won the Prix Femina and was adapted into a 2012 film starring Diane Kruger and Léa Seydoux.
Filly Brown is a 2012 film directed by Youssef Delara and Michael D. Olmos.
 It has a 45% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 11 reviews.
 It was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival and won Best Feature Film at the 2013 Noor Iranian Film Festival.
 The whole cast won the award Special Achievement in Film at the 2013 American Latino Media Arts Awards, or ALMA Award and the late Jenni Rivera was also given a moment of silence.
 This was Jenni Rivera's first and only film before her death on December 9, 2012.
Farewell, My Queen (French: Les Adieux à la reine ) is a 2012 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot and based on the novel of the same name by Chantal Thomas, who won the "Prix Femina" in 2002.
 It gives a fictional account of the last days of Marie Antoinette in power seen through the eyes of Sidonie Laborde, a young servant who reads aloud to the queen.
 The film stars Diane Kruger as the Queen, Léa Seydoux, and Virginie Ledoyen.
