John Edward Hetki (born May 12, 1922) is a former long relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Cincinnati Reds, St. Louis Browns and Pittsburgh Pirates in all or parts of eight seasons spanning 1945–54.
 Listed at 6 ft , 202 lb , Hetki batted and threw right-handed.
 He was born in Leavenworth, Kansas.
Slab Fork is an unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia, United States with a population of 202.
 Slab Fork is located along a stream of the same name and West Virginia Route 54.
 The ZIP code for Slab Fork is 25920.
A ship carrying plutonium collides with a floating atoll off the eastern coast of the Philippines, one of many incidents occurring throughout the area.
 As the anomalous formation approaches Japan, a team of scientists led by Naoya Kusanagi (Akira Onodera) discover orihalcum amulets and a stone slab covered in Etrurian runes on the atoll.
 During the investigation, the atoll suddenly quakes, destroying the slab and throwing the scientists into the ocean.
 One member of the team, Marine Officer Yoshinari Yonemori (Tsuyoshi Ihara), sees the eye and tusk of a giant turtle.
Matumona Lundala known most simply as Goliath (born August 1, 1972 in Esperança) is an Angolan goalkeeper who won the 2005 Angolan Cup with Sagrada Esperança.
 He is measured at 1.81 m (5 ft 11 in) and 92 kg (202 lb or 14 st 4 lb ).
 He was also a member of the Angolan squad at the African Cup of Nations in 2006 acting as experienced back-up for first-choice shotstopper João Ricardo.
Witthoefft House is a historic home located at Armonk, Westchester County, New York.
 It was built in 1957, and is a one-story, Modernist style dwelling on a concrete slab foundation and stone covered concrete retaining walls.
 It features exposed structural steel, white glazed-brick walls, and full elevations of glass.
 The house is perched atop rock outcroppings in a semi-rural setting.
The Kensington Runestone is a 202 lb slab of greywacke covered in runes on its face and side.
Bridge Number 3355 in Kathio Township, in Mille Lacs County, Minnesota, is a concrete slab bridge that carries U.S. Route 169 (US 169) over Whitefish Creek near Mille Lacs Lake.
 It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance, especially the ornamental stonework as designed by the National Park Service and built by the Civilian Conservation Corps.
Enid Lake is a lake that is located mostly in Yalobusha County in the U.S. state of Mississippi.
 Parts of it extend into Panola and Lafayette counties.
 Common fish species include crappie, largemouth bass, catfish and bream.
 Enid Lake holds world records for white crappie 5.3 lb and shortnose gar 5.83 lb .
The Yarmouth Runic Stone, also known as the Fletcher Stone, is a slab of quartzite that first came to the attention of the public in the early 19th Century.
 The stone appears to have an inscription carved into it, which some investigators, notably Henry Phillips, Jr., have interpreted as Norse runes.
 This has led to speculation that the Yarmouth, Nova Scotia area, in Canada, was visited by Viking explorers sometime around 1000 C.E.
 Many other theories have been put forward, including the possibility of a hoax or the inscription being a product of natural forces.
 The Stone is currently on display at the Yarmouth County Museum.
Bandon Township is a township in Renville County, Minnesota, United States.
 The population was 202 at the 2000 census.
