The 1934 Claxton Shield was the first annual Claxton Shield, an Australian national baseball tournament.
 It was held at the Adelaide Oval and Hindmarsh Oval in Adelaide from 5 to 12 August, and was won by the hosts South Australia.
 The other participating teams were New South Wales and Victoria.
The 2007 Adelaide Sevens, promoted as the International Rugby Sevens Adelaide 2007, was a rugby sevens tournament that was part of the IRB Sevens World Series in the 2006–07 season.
 It was the Australian Sevens leg of the series, held over the weekend of the 7th and 8 April at the Adelaide Oval in South Australia.
Stan Williams (born 1 May 1919) is a South African former football player.
 Williams played for Aberdeen, Plymouth Argyle and Dundee.
 He scored the winning goal for Aberdeen in the 1947 Scottish Cup Final, and also appeared in the Scottish League Cup Final during the same season.
Stan Williams was a contemporary of the Beatles who, after retiring, authored "Penny Lane is in My Ears and in My Eyes" which describes memories and insights into the lives of John Lennon, George Harrison and others as they grew up in Liverpool.
 He once appeared on the same stage as Lennon when in 1957 he attended skiffle auditions at The Cavern, to be followed on to the stage minutes later by the Black Jacks, featuring Lennon playing the tea-chest bass in a pair of gloves.
 The Black Jacks were the embryonic Quarrymen who, after many changes, became the Beatles.
Stan Williams (born 1917) was a British motorcycle speedway rider for Sheffield and Coventry.
The Creswell Gardens are a located in the Adelaide Park Lands between the Adelaide Oval, War Memorial Drive, King William Road and St Peter's Cathedral.
 They were established in 1909 and named after South Australian sportsman John Creswell.
 The gardens contain a number of Adelaide's landmark features.
The 1921 SAFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Norwood Football Club and the Port Adelaide Football Club, held at the Adelaide Oval in Adelaide on the 8 October 1921.
 It was the 23rd annual Grand Final of the South Australian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1921 SAFL season.
 The match, attended by 34,000 spectators, was won by Port Adelaide by a margin of 8 points, marking the clubs ninth premiership victory.
The 1910 Australasian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor grass courts at the Adelaide Oval, Adelaide, Australia.
 It was the 6th edition of the Australasian Championships (now known as the Australian Open), the first held in Adelaide and the first Grand Slam tournament of the year.
Arthur Stanley Brown (20 May 1912 – 6 July 2002) was an Australian man charged in 1998 for the 26 August 1970 rape and murder of Judith and Susan Mackay in Townsville, Queensland.
 The jury failed to reach a verdict and a new trial was blocked on the grounds that Brown was too senile to be tried again.
 Brown's arrest attracted wide publicity leading to a witness to the abduction of two children from Adelaide oval in 1973 identifying Brown as the man she had seen.
 Brown is thus considered a prime suspect for the Beaumont children disappearance and the Adelaide Oval disappearances.
The 1903 SAFA Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between Port Adelaide and the South Adelaide Football Club at the Adelaide Oval on 12 September 1903.
 It was the 8th instalment of the Grand Final of the South Australian Football Association, staged to determine the premiers for the 1903 SAFA season.
 The match, attended by 14,000 spectators, was won by Port Adelaide by a margin of 7 points, marking the club's first premiership in its Wharf Pylon guernsey and the clubs fourth SAFA premiership victory overall.
