Dora the Explorer is an American educational animated TV series created by Chris Gifford, Valerie Walsh, and Eric Weiner.
 "Dora the Explorer" became a regular series in 2000.
 The show is carried on the Nickelodeon cable television network, including the associated Nick Jr. channel.
 It aired on CBS until September 2006.
 A Spanish-dubbed version first aired as part of a "Nick en español" block on NBC Universal-owned Telemundo through September 2006; since April 2008, this version of the program has been carried on Univision as part of the "Planeta U" block.
 The series is co-produced by Nickelodeon Productions and Nickelodeon Animation Studio.
 "Dora the Explorer" is one of the longest-running shows of Nick Jr.
 During the sixth season, the show became the Nick Jr. series with the most episodes, surpassing "Blue's Clues" with 143 episodes, having 144 after it had completed broadcasting on television.
 It won a Peabody Award in 2003 "for outstanding efforts in making learning a pleasurable experience for pre-schoolers."
 It ended on June 5, 2014 after 8 seasons and 172 episodes.
William Scott McCord (born April 19, 1971) is a Canadian actor, voice actor, musician, and composer currently based in Brooklyn.
 A versatile performer, he has appeared in the films "16 Blocks", "Shoot 'Em Up", and the animated feature "The Nut Job".
 On television, he is best known for his voice over work in popular animated series.
 He plays Dan Kuso in "Bakugan Battle Brawlers", Tetsuya Watarigani in "Beyblade Metal Fusion", Owen and Trent in Fresh Animation's "Total Drama" series, Skull Boy in "Ruby Gloom", McGee in "Camp Lakebottom", and Jake in the animated TVOKids/Nickelodeon television series, "PAW Patrol".
 He is also Co-Artistic Director of Toronto-based Criminal Theatre, along with playwright and actor Rosa Laborde.
 In 2016, he won the Canada Screens Award for Best Performance in an Animated Series for his role as Squidgy on Guru's Justin Time.
 In 2002 he was nominated for a Dora Mavor Moore Award with Best Performance by a Male in Independent Theatre for his performance in Jacob Richmond's The Qualities of Zero.
 He has released two albums, the solo effort Blues For Sunshine (2009) and Scott McCord and the Bonafide Truth (2012).
 The latter is also the name of the soul/jazz/blues/rock eight piece band that was created for touring the first album.
 Scott McCord and the Bonafide Truth were nominated for Best Artist of the Year at the 2010 Maple Blues Awards.
David W. Zucker is President of Television for Scott Free, and Executive Producer of the landmark series adaptation of Philip K. Dick’s classic “The Man in the High Castle” for Amazon, esteemed Civil War medical drama “Mercy Street” on PBS, the forthcoming first season of the Amazon half-hour action-comedy starring Jean-Claude Van Damme as “Jean-Claude Van Johnson,” the AMC anthological psychological thriller “The Terror,” “The Good Fight," the widely acclaimed CBS all-access spin-off of “The Good Wife,” and “Killing Reagan,” the fourth in the acclaimed National Geographic channel series of “Killing” telefilms (which include “Killing Jesus” and “Killing Kennedy,” both Emmy-nominated, plus the docudrama “Killing Lincoln”).
 During his tenure, Scott Free has produced a steady stream of highly acclaimed programs including the Emmy and Golden Globe-nominated, Peabody-winning drama, “The Good Wife,” which recently concluded its 7th and final season on CBS, as well as “Numb3rs,” which ran for six successful seasons on the same network.
 Notable long form programs include “Klondike” for Discovery, the Emmy and Golden Globe-nominated “The Pillars of the Earth” for Starz, “World Without End” for Reelz, Emmy-nominated “Into the Storm” for HBO, Emmy-nominated “The Andromeda Strain” and “Coma” for A&E, the Golden Globe-nominated “The Company” at TNT and a feature-length digital series for X-Box/Microsoft, “Halo: Nightfall.”
 Acclaimed non-fiction programs include “Crimes of the Century” and the Emmy-winning documentary special “Gettysburg” for History Channel.
 Previously, Zucker worked as a Story Editor on the CBS series, Judging Amy, wrote pilot scripts for CBS and ABC, as well as various stage plays, and served as VP of Drama Series for CBS in addition to VP of Drama Series & Current Programs at Warner Bros.
 TV.
Hawaii Five-0 is an American action police procedural television series, which premiered on Monday, September 20, 2010 on CBS.
 The series is a reboot of the original series, which aired on CBS from 1968 to 1980.
 Like the original, it follows an elite state police task force set up to fight crime in the state of Hawaii.
 The series is produced by K/O Paper Products and 101st Street Television in association with CBS Productions, originally an in-name-only unit of but folded into CBS Television Studios, which has produced the series since the beginning of season three.
 On March 25, 2016, CBS renewed the series for a seventh season, which premiered on September 23, 2016.
 On March 23, 2017, CBS renewed the series for an eighth season, which premiered on September 29, 2017.
Project G.e.e.K.e.R. is an animated television series that premiered on CBS on September 14, 1996.
 It was created by Douglas TenNapel, creator of "Earthworm Jim", and Doug Langdale, the developer of "Earthworm Jim" the animated series, with original music by Shawn Patterson (main title theme by Terry Scott Taylor).
 TenNapel and Taylor also collaborated on the video games "The Neverhood", "Boombots" and "Skullmonkeys", and in 2005, re-united for the Nickelodeon cartoon "Catscratch".
 The series is rated TV-Y7-FV, and was produced by Columbia TriStar Television.
Horseland is an American animated series produced by DIC Entertainment.
 It is a comic mischief program following events in the lives of a group of children riding at Horseland, an equestrian school and stables.
 Their adventures include riding their horses and entering them in competitions to test their skill and friendships.
 The show premiered on September 16, 2006 as part of CBS's new Saturday morning cartoon block, "KOL Secret Slumber Party on CBS" (now "Cookie Jar TV").
 Concurrent with the series, the online virtual pet game that it was based upon was updated to complement the show by launching a new "Junior version" of the game based on the program and featuring its various characters and locations.
 After three seasons, the show was canceled on CBS on December 6, 2008.
 Reruns of "Horseland" then aired nationwide on the digital subchannel This TV; two episodes aired each weekend until September 2010.
 "Horseland" last aired as part of "Cookie Jar TV" on CBS.
 It has 7 books for the series related to the episodes which are available to be purchased online.
An animated series is a set of animated works with a common series title, usually related to one another.
 These episodes typically share the same main characters, some different secondary characters and a basic theme.
 Series can have either a finite number of episodes like a miniseries, a definite end, or be open-ended, without a predetermined number of episodes.
 They can be broadcast on television, shown in movie theatres, released direct-to-video or on the internet.
 Like animated films, animated series can be of a wide variety of genres and can also have different target audiences, from children to adults.
Henry Gilroy is an American television screenwriter and producer.
 He is best known for co-writing the animated series "".
 From an early age, Gilroy loved comic books and animation.
 He studied film at several colleges in the greater Los Angeles area.
 His first job was working as an editor for Warner Bros.' animation department.
 Working at the Skywalker and Big Rock Ranch facilities with George Lucas he co-wrote the animated series "Star Wars: The Clone Wars".
 He served as head writer for season one, penning several episodes.
 He is also the author of several Star Wars comic books.
 He is co-creator of the first Bionicle trilogy.
 Gilroy has since written for numerous animated series, such as "Taz-Mania", "", "Justice League", "" and several Disney television series and the direct-to-video title "".
 Along with Ronnie del Carmen, Gilroy co-wrote the four-issue Joker/Mask comic book which was collected by Dark Horse/DC in 2001.
 He also wrote the film "".
Duane Capizzi is an American writer and television producer.
 He is known for his extensive work in animated series for television, including the Emmy Award-winning "" for which he was Co-Executive Producer and Head Writer, and co-developed its follow-up .
 For Warner Bros Animation, he was writer/producer of the animated series" The Batman" as well as its spin-off feature, "The Batman vs. Dracula".
 He wrote the first DC Universe animated feature, "" (based on "The Death of Superman" saga, and directed by Bruce Timm).
 Other animated series producing/writing credits include "Jackie Chan Adventures", "Big Guy and Rusty the Boy Robot," "", and series development on the CG animated "" for Sony TV Animation.
 He was Writer and Story Editor for both animated spin-offs of Jim Carrey movies, "Ace Ventura Pet Detective" and .
 He also wrote and story-edited for several 'Disney Afternoon' TV series including "Darkwing Duck", "Aladdin", "TaleSpin", and "Bonkers".
 He began his career in animation writing scripts for "" for Harmony Gold.The series was never produced, but led to writing and story-editing on "".
Beany And Cecil was an animated television cartoon series created by Bob Clampett for the American Broadcasting Company.
 The cartoon was based on the television puppet show "Time for Beany", which Clampett produced for Paramount Pictures company and its Paramount Television Network beginning during 1949.
 The animated series was broadcast first as part of the series "Matty's Funday Funnies" during 1959, later renamed "Matty's Funnies with Beany and Cecil" and finally "Beany and Cecil" in the USA.
 Another season was produced during 1988.
 In its original form with hand puppets, the show conveyed a greater sense of personal communication than did the animated series that followed.
 Copies of the hand puppets were extensively marketed and sold well.
