"Homenaje a Salvador Lutteroth" (1998) (Spanish for "Homage to Salvador Lutteroth") was a professional wrestling major show event produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), which took place on March 20, 1998 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico.
 The event was to honor and remember CMLL founder Salvador Lutteroth who died in March 1987.
 The annual March event would later be renamed "Homenaje a Dos Leyendas" ("Homage to two legends") as CMLL honored both Lutteroth and another retired or deceased wrestler.
 The main event was a singles match between Emilio Charles Jr. defeated El Satánico under "Lucha de Apuestas", or "Bet match" rules.
 The rule meant that the losing wrestler would have all his hair shaved off after the match in full view of the crowd as per Lucha Libre traditions.
 The show also hosted a "Torneo Salvador Lutteroth" in honor of the CMLL founder, which was a one night eight-man single elimination tournament featuring some of CMLL's top competitors at the time, including the then reigning CMLL World Heavyweight Champion Universo 2000.
 The show also featured an additional Six-man "Lucha Libre rules" tag team match for a total of nine matches.
The 3rd Africa Movie Academy Awards ceremony was held on March 10, 2007 at the Gloryland Cultural Center in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, Nigeria, to honor the best African films of 2006.
 The ceremony was broadcast live on Nigerian national television.
 Numerous African & international celebrities and top Nigerian politicians attended the event, including Nigerian musician Tuface Idibia and Ghanaian hiplife band VIP.
 Nollywood actor Richard Mofe-Damijo and South African actress Thami Ngubeni hosted the ceremony.
 Special guests of honor were Academy Award winners Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Mo'Nique.
 Nollywood's favourite acting duo Osita Iheme and Chinedu Ikedieze received the "Lifetime Achievement Award".
"Homenaje a Salvador" Lutteroth (1996) (Spanish for "Homage to Salvador Lutteroth") was a professional wrestling major show event produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), which took place on March 22, 1996 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico.
 The event was to honor and remember CMLL founder Salvador Lutteroth who died in March 1987.
 The annual March event would later be renamed "Homenaje a Dos Leyendas" ("Homage to two legends") as CMLL honored both Lutteroth and another retired or deceased wrestler.
 The main event was a singles match between Rambo defeated El Brazo under "Lucha de Apuestas" rules, which meant that both men their hair on the outcome of the match and would have to be shaved bald if they lost the match.
 The show also featured a Six-man "Lucha Libre rules" tag team match for the CMLL World Trios Championship as champions "Los Chacales" ("The Jackals"; Bestia Salvaje, Emilio Charles Jr. and Sangre Chicana) defended against the team of Dos Caras, Héctor Garza and La Fiera.
 On the under card CMLL held the "Torneo de Alto Rendimiento" ("High Performance Tournament") an eight man "torneo cibernetico" elimination match as well as at least one additional match.
Farewell of Slavianka (Russian: Прощание славянки - "Proshchaniye slavyanki") is a Russian patriotic march, written by the composer Vasily Agapkin in honour of the Slavic women accompanying their husbands in the First Balkan War.
 The march was written and premiered in Tambov in the end of 1912.
 In summer of 1915 it was released as a gramophone single in Kiev.
 "Slavyanka" means "Slavic woman".
The ROH Anniversary Show is a professional wrestling event, held annually by the Ring of Honor promotion.
 The event celebrates the anniversary of the promotion's inaugural show "The Era of Honor Begins", which was held on February 23, 2002.
 To coincide with this, the Anniversary Show is normally held in February, though it occasionally falls into March.
ROH 15th Anniversary was a two-night professional wrestling event produced by the American wrestling promotion Ring of Honor.
 It took place on March 10 and 11, 2017, at the Sam's Town Live in the Las Vegas suburb of Sunrise Manor, Nevada.
 The first night was a pay-per-view broadcast, while the following night was a set of tapings for the ROH flagship program "Ring of Honor Wrestling".
"Homenaje a Salvador Lutteroth" (1997) (Spanish for "Homage to Salvador Lutteroth") was a professional wrestling major show event produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), which took place on March 21, 1997 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico.
 The event was to honor and remember CMLL founder Salvador Lutteroth who died in March 1987.
 The annual March event would later be renamed "Homenaje a Dos Leyendas" ("Homage to two legends") as CMLL honored both Lutteroth and another retired or deceased wrestler.
 The main event was a singles match between Silver King and La Fiera under "Lucha de Apuestas" ("Bet Match") rules, which meant that whichever wrestler lost the match would be forced to have all their hair shaved off after the match.
 The show also hosted an eight team tournament to crown the next CMLL World Trios Champions as the championship had been vacant at the time.
Vasily Ivanovich Agapkin (Russian: Васи́лий Ива́нович Ага́пкин ; 3 February 1884 – 29 October 1964) was a Soviet military orchestra conductor, composer, and author of the well-known march "Farewell of Slavianka" (written 1912).
Foundation's Friends, Stories in Honor of Isaac Asimov is a 1989 book written in honor of science fiction author Isaac Asimov, in the form of an anthology of short stories set in Asimov's universes, particularly the "Robot"/"Empire"/"Foundation" universe.
 The anthology was edited by Martin H. Greenberg, and contributing authors include Ray Bradbury, Robert Silverberg, Frederik Pohl, Poul Anderson, Harry Turtledove, and Orson Scott Card.
 A "revised and expanded" edition was published in 1997, which added numerous memorials and appreciations written by those who knew him, many of them well-known authors and editors from the science fiction field.
Supercard of Honor IX was a professional wrestling event produced by Ring of Honor (ROH), which took place on March 27, 2015 at The Sports House in Redwood City, California.
