"Mr. Krinkle" is a song by rock band Primus and the 3rd single of the album "Pork Soda"
"Welcome to This World" is a song by the American experimental rock band Primus, from their 1993 album, "Pork Soda".
Primus is an American rock band based in San Francisco, California, currently composed of bassist/vocalist Les Claypool, guitarist Larry "Ler" LaLonde and drummer Tim "Herb" Alexander.
 Primus originally formed in 1984 with Claypool and guitarist Todd Huth, later joined by drummer Jay Lane, though the latter two departed the band at the end of 1988.
 Featuring LaLonde and Alexander, Primus recorded their debut "Suck on This" in 1989, followed by four studio albums: "Frizzle Fry", "Sailing the Seas of Cheese", "Pork Soda", and "Tales from the Punchbowl".
 Alexander left the band in 1996, replaced by Bryan "Brain" Mantia, and Primus went on to record the original theme song for the TV show "South Park" and two more albums, "Brown Album" and "Antipop", before declaring a hiatus in 2000.
Barker Black is a British luxury footwear brand specializing in bench-made shoes for men.
 The Barker Black line is a subset of the English shoe company Barker, which was founded in 1880 by Arthur Barker.
 Launched in 2005 by creative director, Derrick Miller, the Barker Black brand quickly gained the attention of the fashion media, appearing in the premiere issue of "Men's Vogue" in September 2005.
 Subsequent coverage in men's fashion magazines such as "Details", "Esquire", and "GQ" followed.
 In 2007, Barker Black was chosen by GQ magazine as one of the best new designers in America.
Skechers USA Inc. is an American lifestyle and performance footwear company for men, women and children.
 Headquartered in Manhattan Beach, California, the brand was founded in 1992.
 Now the second largest athletic footwear brand in the United States, Skechers earned more than $3 billion in revenues during the 2015 fiscal year.
 As of January 2016, the company employed more than 9,200 people worldwide.
Pork Soda is the third studio album by the American rock band Primus, released April 20, 1993, certified Gold in September 1993 and certified Platinum in May 1997.
 The album comes in a digipak and contains a booklet with lyrics printed to nine songs, omitting "Pork Soda" which consists of a series of unintelligible rants.
 This is also the first of three Primus releases to feature explicit lyrics printed for any of their songs.
 Pop culture references abound on the album, including Hank Williams Jr., Cher, Pink Floyd, the Residents, Jerry Garcia, Jimi Hendrix, James Brown, Macbeth, Costco, Dr. Martens, "Bottom" and Ren & Stimpy.
Hunter Boot Ltd. is a rubber wellington boot and footwear brand.
 Originally established as North British Rubber Company in 1856, the company is headquartered in Edinburgh, Scotland with offices in London, New York and Düsseldorf.
 Besides rubber boots, the company sells other products such as bags, socks, and other accessories.
 Historically, they have also been involved in the manufacture of tyres, conveyor belts, combs, golf balls, hot water bottles and rubber flooring.
 Described as a British heritage brand, Hunter holds several Royal Warrants by Appointment as suppliers of waterproof footwear.
"My Name Is Mud" is a song by the American rock band Primus and is the first single from the 1993 album "Pork Soda".
 The lyrics are written from the point of view of a blue-collar man, Aloysius Devandander Abercrombie, who has killed his friend after an argument and is now trying to bury him.
 The song samples the line "Where are you goin' city boy?"
 from the film "Deliverance".
A&W Cream Soda is a cream soda carbonated soft drink introduced by A&W Root Beer in 1986.
 A&W Root Beer was first sold at a Veterans Day parade in Lodi, California in 1919 and the company established in 1922 by Frank Wright and Roy Allen.
 The first product they created was A & W Root Beer.
 It was not until 1986 that A&W Brands, headquartered in White Plains, N.Y. introduced A&W Cream Soda and A&W Diet Cream Soda through its network of franchised bottlers and distributors.
 Although cream soda had been created in 1852 by E.M. Sheldon, A&W Brands was one of the first American companies to make it commercially.
 In 1993, A&W Brands was purchased by Cadbury/Schweppes, and in 1995 Cadbury/Schweppes purchased the Dr. Pepper/Seven-Up Company, which made A&W a part of the Dr. Pepper/Seven Up, Inc.
 In 2001, DPSU purchased the Snapple Beverage Group (formally TriArc Beverages), and moved the New York-based company operations to its new headquarters in Plano, Texas.
 This acquisition put A&W within the same company as the top soda brand companies and made A&W Cream Soda the top brand in cream sodas.
Ted&Muffy is a women's footwear brand specialising in boots, created by the team behind DUO.
 The brand is inspired by the founders of DUO, Ted and Muffy Maltby who opened a footwear store in Bath in the early 1970s.
