Thomas Shuldham O'Halloran KC.
 (1865 – 7 June 1945) was a noted lawyer and Australian Rules football administrator in South Australia.
 He was a grandson of Thomas Shuldham O'Halloran, South Australia's first Police Commissioner.
O’Halloran Hill Recreation Park is a protected area located about 16 km south of the Adelaide city centre in the suburbs of Seaview Downs and O’Halloran Hill.
 The recreation park was proclaimed under the "National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972" in 1989 for "recreation and nature conservation purposes" in respect to parcels of land acquired by the Government of South Australia starting in the 1970s for three purposes - creation of "an open space buffer", provision of "both visual amenity and recreational opportunities for the rapidly growing southern suburbs" and the creation of "a second ring of parklands around Adelaide that would cater for outdoor pursuits, as well as protecting the Hills Face Zone from development".
 The recreation park is classified as an IUCN Category III protected area.
O'Halloran Hill is a suburb in the south of Adelaide, South Australia, situated on the hills south of the O'Halloran Hill Escarpment, which rises from the Adelaide Plains and located 18 km from the city centre via the Main South Road.
 The suburb is split between the Cities of Marion and Onkaparinga, and it neighbours Happy Valley, Hallett Cove, Trott Park and Darlington.
The Division of Kingston is an Australian Electoral Division in South Australia covering the outer southern suburbs of Adelaide.
 The 171 km² seat stretches from Hallett Cove and O'Halloran Hill in the north to Sellicks Beach in the south, including the suburbs of Aldinga Beach, Christie Downs, Christies Beach, Hackham, Hallett Cove, Huntfield Heights, Lonsdale, Maslin Beach, Moana, Morphett Vale, Old Noarlunga, Onkaparinga Hills, Port Noarlunga, Reynella, Seaford, Sellicks Beach, Sheidow Park, Port Willunga, Trott Park, Woodcroft, and parts of Happy Valley and McLaren Flat.
Fisher is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia.
 It is named after James Fisher, a colonial politician and the first mayor of Adelaide.
 It covers a 94.2 km² suburban and semi rural area on the southern fringes of Adelaide, taking in the suburbs of Aberfoyle Park, Chandlers Hill, Cherry Gardens, Coromandel East, Happy Valley, Reynella East and parts of Clarendon, O'Halloran Hill and Woodcroft.
Mitchell is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the state of South Australia.
 It was first created in the redistribution of 1969, taking effect at the 1970 election.
 Mitchell is named after philosopher Sir William Mitchell.
 Mitchell is located in inner-south western Adelaide, covering 26.8 km² and encompassing the suburbs of Dover Gardens, Old Reynella, Reynella, Seacombe Gardens, Seacombe Heights, Seaview Downs, Sheidow Park, Sturt and Trott Park and parts of Darlington, O'Halloran Hill, Oaklands Park and Warradale.
 The suburbs contained within the seat in 2010 were completely different as recently as 1989.
 The 1989 seat centered on Park Holme, north-east of the current incarnation of Mitchell, where much of the seat of Elder is.
 The 1989 boundary bordered the 2010 boundary in the south-west and north-east respectively.
The Shor language (Шор тили) is a Turkic language spoken by about 2,800 people in a region called Mountain Shoriya, in the Kemerovo Province in southwest Siberia, although the entire Shor population in this area is over 12000 people.
 Presently, not all ethnic Shors speak Shor, and the language suffered a decline from the late 1930s to the early 1990s.
 During this period the Shor language was neither written nor taught in schools.
 However, the dissolution of the Soviet Union brought about the Shor language revival.
 The language is now taught at the Novokuznetsk branch of the Kemerovo State University.
Davenport is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia.
 It is named after nineteenth-century pioneer and politician Sir Samuel Davenport.
 Davenport is a 49.1 km² electorate covering part of outer suburban Adelaide and the southern foothills of the Adelaide Hills.
 It takes in the suburbs of Bedford Park, Bellevue Heights, Blackwood, Craigburn Farm, Coromandel Valley, Eden Hills, Flagstaff Hill, Glenalta and Hawthorndene, as well as parts of Belair, Darlington, O'Halloran Hill and Upper Sturt.
Seaview Downs is a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Marion.
 The southern part of the suburb contains the O'Halloran Hill Recreation Park.
The Adelaide Plains (alternative name Tarndanya) is a plain in South Australia lying between the coast (Gulf St Vincent) on the west and the Mount Lofty Ranges on the east.
 The southernmost tip of the plain is in the southern seaside suburbs of Adelaide around Brighton at the foot of the O'Halloran Hill escarpment with the south Hummocks Range and Wakefield River roughly approximating the northern boundary.
