Tony Clifton is a character created by late performance artist Andy Kaufman, who also portrayed him in the late 1970s.
 Characteristic of the many elaborate hoaxes and practical jokes Kaufman concocted, Clifton was not exclusively portrayed by Kaufman.
 Others, mainly longtime Kaufman friend Bob Zmuda, also performed the role.
Rocío Boliver is a Mexican performance artist who creates body art about the repression of women in Mexico.
 In 1992, Boliver began her career as a performance artist reading her porno-erotic writings.
 Boliver has a background in video and Mexican theatre.
 She worked in theatre projects, performance and contemporary art under the prominent playwright from 1994 to 2007.
 Boliver has performed at a variety of venues such as museums, raves, universities, galleries, activist meetings and TV programs.
 An underground cultural icon in Mexico, Boliver is part of a Goth-art scene, and has presented works at alternative forums such as the Sadomasochism National Festival.
 Boliver’s work has been presented in North America, South America, Europe and Asia.
Xóchitl Guadalupe Hamada Villarreal (born May 1, 1970) is a semi-retired Japanese-Mexican, "Luchadora", or professional wrestler.
 She is the daughter of professional wrestler Gran Hamada, the sister of wrestler Ayako Hamada and the sister-in-law of Tiger Mask IV.
 Hamada was once married to Mexican wrestler Silver King, and is currently married to Mexican wrestler Pentagon Black.
 Hamada has worked for most of her professional wrestling career in Mexico, making occasional appearances in her father's home country of Japan.
 Xóchitl Hamada has worked for Mexico's two largest wrestling companies, Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA).
 She's held the CMLL World Women's Championship, and she was the first AAA Reina de Reinas (Spanish for "Queen of Queens").
The Fantastic Miss Piggy Show is a one-hour special that aired on ABC on September 17, 1982.
 It guest starred John Ritter, George Hamilton, and Andy Kaufman (as "Tony Clifton")
Wilhelm Baumann (September 4, 1884 – September 15, 1972), better known as Billy Sandow, was an American professional wrestler and promoter.
 He is best remembered as the manager of professional wrestler Ed "Strangler" Lewis and a subsequent member of the famed Gold Dust Trio promotion that changed the face of the industry during the 1920s (along with Lewis and Joseph "Toots" Mondt).
 He may have taken his ring name from Eugen Sandow, a professional wrestler and strongman in the late 19th century; in turn, former WWE wrestler Damien Sandow would adopt his own ring name in honor of Sandow almost a century later.
 Sandow also served as manager for such wrestling champions as Billy Jenkins, Marin Plestina, Jumping Joe Savoldi and Everett Marshall, and also used the ring name The Zebra Kid in 1951.
 He was a charter inductee of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame in 1996.
Robert Keith Orton Jr. (born November 10, 1950), better known by the ring name "Cowboy" Bob Orton, is an American professional wrestler.
 He is the son of professional wrestler Bob Orton Sr., the brother of professional wrestler Barry Orton, and the father of professional wrestler Randy Orton.
 He is best known for his time in the WWF (World Wrestling Federation, now WWE).
 He has also wrestled for several promotions in the United States, Japan, and other countries.
Randal Barry Orton (born May 28, 1958), better known as Barry Orton, is an American actor, musician, and former professional wrestler.
 He is the son of retired professional wrestler Bob Orton, brother of professional wrestler Bob Orton Jr., and uncle of professional wrestler Randy Orton.
Phil Hill (born June 10, 1971) better known as UFO Phil, is a performer, public speaker, "cult legend" and "Don Quixote of the E.T. set" who has made a name for himself through appearances on national radio programs, television, films, and internet videos speaking on the subject of extraterrestrials and the paranormal.
 Whether Phil Hill is an actual believer in the paranormal or is engaging in a kind of performance art is the subject of some debate.
 Although he is sometimes described as a comedic performer, Hill has stated publicly that he knows "nothing of comedy".
 In this regard, UFO Phil may be an example of Poe's law and has been compared to Andy Kaufman's persona Tony Clifton.
Andrew G. Kaufman (January 17, 1949 – May 16, 1984) was an American comedian, actor, writer, performance artist and professional wrestler.
 While often referred to as a comedian, Kaufman described himself instead as a "song and dance man."
 He disdained telling jokes and engaging in comedy as it was traditionally understood, once saying in a rare introspective interview, "I am not a comic, I have never told a joke.
 ... The comedian's promise is that he will go out there and make you laugh with him.
 ... My only promise is that I will try to entertain you as best I can."
Eugene Nicholas Kiniski (November 23, 1928 – April 14, 2010) was a Canadian athlete who played football for the Edmonton Eskimos and later was a successful professional wrestler recognized as a multiple-time World Heavyweight Champion.
 "Canada's Greatest Athlete", as he billed himself for promotional purposes, was born in Edmonton, Alberta.
 Like Bronko Nagurski before him, Kiniski was one of the first World Champions in professional wrestling to have a previous background in football.
 He is the father of professional wrestler Kelly Kiniski and international amateur/professional wrestler Nick Kiniski.
