Wissam Khodur (Arabic: وسام خضر‎ ‎ ), better known as Eslam Jawaad (Arabic: اسلام جواد‎ ‎ ), is a rapper of Lebanese-Syrian origin.
 His debut album, "The Mammoth Tusk", was released in 2009.
 The album was considered an international advancement for local Arabic hip-hop as it featured support from a number of high profile acts including Damon Albarn (Gorillaz/Blur), De La Soul, The Rza / Gza / Cilvaringz (Wu-Tang Clan), Focus... (Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment), Rude Jude / Lord Sear (Shade 45), and 'Arap' band-mate Shadia Mansour.
The War Within is the second studio album by American rapper Wrekonize.
 The album was released on June 25, 2013, by Strange Music.
 The album features guest appearances from Bernz, Tech N9ne, Crooked I, Posdnuos, Bun B and Liz Suwandi.
 The album debuted at number 88 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, in the first week of its release.
Pnau stylised as PNAU is an Australian dance music trio originating from Sydney, Australia.
 The trio, a duo before 2016, consists of musicians Nick Littlemore (vocals, production), Peter Mayes (guitar, production) and Sam Littlemore (production), with Sam joining in 2016.
 The pair have achieved multiple successes throughout their career with their award-winning debut album "Sambanova", their widely acclaimed 2007 release "Pnau".
 Pnau is also recognized for their heavily publicized apprenticeship under musician Elton John, who signed the duo after listening to their record "Pnau".
 Several of Pnau's recent projects have featured John's involvement, such as Pnau's album "Soft Universe" and an album featuring Pnau recreations of Elton John's hits called "Good Morning to the Night".
X-Quisite was an R&B Canadian girl group.
 The trio made up of Nicole Holness, Melanie Fiona Hallim, Andreena Mill and later in 2003 new member, Nirvana Savoury was signed to Linus Entertainment (Then distributed by Warner Music Canada) soon after the group was established in 2002.
 The group released their self-titled debut studio album "X-Quisite" in 2003.
 In 2004, the album earned the group a Juno Award nomination for "R&B/Soul Recording of the Year".
 The group had a number of singles from their debut album, most notably "Bad Girl", "No Regrets" and "Sassy Thang".
 The group disbanded in 2005, with all three members moving on to pursue solo music careers.
Scarlet Pleasure is a Danish R&B, soul, funk and pop musical trio made up of Emil Goll as lead vocals, Alexander Malone on bass and Joachim Dencker on drums.
 The formative years of the all-Danish trio was in New York City.
 They released their 2014 EP "Mirage", 2016 album "Youth Is Wasted on the Young" and 2017 EP "Limbo" all charting on Tracklisten, the official Danish Albums Chart.
 The band is signed to Copenhagen Records.
United Future Organization (also known as UFO) is a nu-jazz trio made up of Japanese-born Tadashi Yabe (矢部 直 , Yabe Tadashi ) , Toshio Matsuura (松浦 俊夫 , Matsuura Toshio ) and Frenchman Raphael Sebbag (ラファエル セバーグ ) .
 In 1994, the group appeared on the Red Hot Organization's compilation album, "".
 The album, meant to raise awareness and funds in support of the AIDS epidemic in relation to the African-American community, was heralded as "Album of the Year" by "Time Magazine".
 One of the three original founding members, Toshio Matsuura, left the group in 2002 to work with Universal Japan on a remix album project.
Hello Dave is a classic rock band from Chicago, Illinois.
 They have released a total of six albums.
 "Hello Dave" was the debut album featuring songs such as "Melissa", "No Way", and "Gracie".
 "16 Tons" was their next album featuring the songs "16 Tons" and "Fine Young Thing".
 The next album that Hello Dave released was titled "West", which was designed as an album ideal for taking road trips.
 Songs on this album include "Golden", "Mountains", and "Biminy".
The Mammoth Tusk is the debut album by Lebanese-Syrian rapper Eslam Jawaad, the album was released on 6 July 2009.
 It features guest collaborations from: Miskeena, Lord Sear, Shadia Mansour, and Rude Jude.
 The album also features more mainstream acts including: De La Soul, frontman of: Blur, Gorillaz and The Good, The Bad & The Queen, Damon Albarn.
 The latter of which Jawaad worked with on The Good, The Bad & The Queen's self-titled debut album on an unreleased B-side entitled "Mr. Whippy" and also appeared with Albarn on Gorillaz's Escape to Plastic Beach World Tour when he rapped on their iconic song "Clint Eastwood".
 When the group played in Damascus, he rapped in his native Arabic, as he does on the song "Alarm Chord" which also features Albarn.
 His song "Pivot Widdit" was used in the Dubai film "City of Life".
De La Soul is an American hip hop trio formed in 1987 on Long Island, New York.
 The group is best known for their eclectic sampling, quirky lyrics, and their contributions to the evolution of the jazz rap and alternative hip hop subgenres.
 The members are Posdnuos, Dave and Maseo.
 The three formed the group in high school and caught the attention of producer Prince Paul with a demo tape of the song "Plug Tunin'".
 With its playful wordplay, innovative sampling, and witty skits, the band's debut album, "3 Feet High and Rising", has been called "a hip hop masterpiece."
Homemade Jamz Blues Band is an American, Tupelo, Mississippi-based blues trio, consisting of siblings Ryan (vocal and guitar), Kyle (bass) and Taya (drums) Perry.
 In December 2007, the trio made music history as the youngest blues band to achieve a record deal: the Toronto-based NorthernBlues Music signed the band when Ryan was aged 16, Kyle was 14 and Taya was 9.
 Their debut album, "Pay Me No Mind," was released in June 2008.
