Queen Mary College (or QMC), is an autonomous academic institution for girls located at Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
 It was established on December 10, 1908 as Victoria May Girls High School and later renamed in honor of the Queen Consort of King George V in 1911.
 Queen Mary College provides preschool, primary, secondary, undergraduate as well as postgraduate education and preparation for international GCE O' Level examination.
Digby is a town in the Western District of Victoria, Australia.
 The town is in the Shire of Glenelg, 366 km west of the state capital, Melbourne, on the Stokes River, a tributary of the Glenelg.
 At the 2006 census, Digby and the surrounding area had a population of 369.
 The town is believed to be named either after Digby, Lincolnshire, in England, or in honour of a legendary early rural Australian identity, "Digby" McCabe.
Roman Catholic Diocese of Victoria may refer to the following Latin Catholic jurisdictions :
The victoria was an elegant French carriage, possibly based on a phaeton made for George IV.
 A victoria may be visualised as essentially a phaeton or brougham with the addition of a coachman's box-seat, but not enclosed and therefore open to the elements.
Mount Victoria may refer to either peaks or communities named after Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.
The Nebraska District is one of the 35 districts of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS), and comprises the state of Nebraska with the exception of its Panhandle, which is in the Wyoming District; the district also includes one in Kansas.
 In addition, one congregation near the state's western border is in the Rocky Mountain District, and another in Lincoln is in the non-geographic English District.
 The Nebraska District includes approximately 249 congregations and missions, subdivided into 22 circuits, as well as 37 preschools, 39 elementary schools, 4 high schools and 1 summer camp.
 Baptized membership in district congregations is approximately 108,000;  with the total population of the district's area (Nebraska, excepting its 11 western counties) standing at 1,674,000 as of 2005, the district's membership represents 6.5% of the local population – the highest of any of the LCMS' 33 geographical districts.
The Admiral Digby Museum is a museum located in Digby, Nova Scotia exploring the history of Digby the surrounding communities of Digby County.
 It is housed in a restored Georgian style house facing Digby Harbour known as the Woodrow/Dakin House, one of the oldest buildings in Digby.
 The house was purchased in 1968 by the Digby Library Association and became the home of the town's first library.
 A historical society was formed at the library and opened a small display in 1972.
 The historical society took ownership of the building in 1977 and, after the library moved to larger quarters in 1980, the museum occupied the entire building.
 The museum is named after Admiral Robert Digby, who brought Loyalists settlers to the town in 1783.
 The Museum is free and open year-round.
 The museum collection includes rare furniture, textiles, photographs and maps.
 A marine room displays many artifacts from Digby's maritime history.
 A highlight of the collection is the Gilpin Collection of spectacular watercolour paintings of Sable Island made by a Digby resident who visited Sable during the 1850s.
The English District is one of the 35 districts of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS).
 It is one of the Synod's two non-geographical districts, along with the SELC District, and has its origins in the congregations of the former English Evangelical Lutheran Synod of Missouri and Other States, which merged with the LCMS in 1911.
 The English Synod had been formally organized in 1888 out of the English (Evangelical) Lutheran Conference of Missouri of the Evangelical Lutheran Tennessee Synod.
 That conference had its roots in an 1872 conference which was advised by then LCMS president C. F. W. Walther.
 The conference applied for admission to the LCMS as a district in 1887, but was advised to instead form a separate synod at that time.
 It was named the English Synod due to its churches using that language in their services; at that time, the congregations of the LCMS were still using the German language.
 The English Synod ultimately joined the LCMS in 1911 because of a shared doctrinal stance, but wanting to maintain its identity, it was accepted as a non-geographical district.
 Despite the transition of the LCMS to English, the English District has continued as a separate district.
Digby, officially named the Municipality of the District of Digby, is a district municipality in Digby County, Nova Scotia, Canada.
 Statistics Canada classifies the district municipality as a municipal district.
Clare-Digby is a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elects one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
 The riding was created in 2012 with 100 per cent of the former district of Clare and 76 per cent of the former district of Digby-Annapolis.
 It encompasses all of Digby County and consists of the Municipality of Clare, the Town of Digby, and the Municipality of the District of Digby.
 The riding is home to the province's only French-language university, Université Sainte-Anne at Church Point, and North America's oldest Acadian festival.
 Lobster and scallop catches in St. Mary's Bay and along the Fundy coast are critical to the economy.
