"LA Devotee" is a song by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco.
 It was released as the second promotional single from the band's fifth studio album, "Death of a Bachelor", on November 26, 2015 through Fueled by Ramen and DCD2.
 The song was written by Brendon Urie, White Sea and Jake Sinclair and was produced by Sinclair.
Vices & Virtues is the third studio album by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco, released on March 22, 2011 on Fueled by Ramen.
 Produced by John Feldmann and Butch Walker, the album was recorded as a duo by vocalist and multi-instrumentalist Brendon Urie and drummer Spencer Smith, following the departure of lead guitarist, backing vocalist and primary lyricist Ryan Ross and bassist/backing vocalist Jon Walker in July 2009.
 The album's artwork was conceptualized by touring bassist Dallon Weekes who was inducted as a full-time member of the band near the end of recording.
"Victorious" is a song by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco released as the second single from the band's fifth studio album, "Death of a Bachelor", on September 29, 2015 by Fueled by Ramen and DCD2.
 The song was written by Brendon Urie, Christopher J Baran, Mike Viola, White Sea, Jake Sinclair, Alex DeLeon, and Rivers Cuomo and was produced by Urie and Sinclair.
 A music video for the song was released on YouTube on November 13, 2015.
Professional Rapper is the debut studio album by American rapper Lil Dicky.
 It was released on July 31, 2015, by Commission Records, distributed by ADA.
 The album features guest appearances from American rappers Snoop Dogg, Rich Homie Quan, Fetty Wap and Jace, and musicians Brendon Urie and T-Pain, alongside narrations from American comedian Hannibal Buress, and Lil Dicky's parents.
Panic!
 at the Disco is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in 2004 and featuring the current lineup of lead vocalist Brendon Urie, accompanied on tour by bassist Dallon Weekes, lead guitarist Kenneth Harris, and drummer Dan Pawlovich.
 The group was originally formed by former members Spencer Smith and Ryan Ross.
 The band has gone through multiple line-up changes in their career spanning five albums.
 There have been six official members of Panic!
 at the Disco, six touring members and twenty-six session members.
Death of a Bachelor is the fifth studio album by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco, released January 15, 2016 on Fueled by Ramen and DCD2.
 It is the follow-up to the band's fourth studio album, "Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die!
" (2013), with the entire album written and recorded by lead vocalist/multi-instrumentalist Brendon Urie, among external writers.
 It is the band's first album to not feature drummer Spencer Smith and also follows bassist Dallon Weekes' departure from the official line-up, subsequently becoming a touring member once again.
"But It's Better If You Do" is a song by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco, released on May 16, 2006 as the third single from their debut album "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" (2005).
 Taking its title from a quote said by Natalie Portman's character in the 2004 film "Closer", the song was written by band members Ryan Ross, Brendon Urie and Spencer Smith, and is about being in and not enjoying the location of a strip club.
 "But It's Better If You Do" failed to recreate the success the previous single "I Write Sins Not Tragedies" had in the United States but found chart prominence in Europe and Oceania, peaking at number 10 in New Zealand, number 15 in Australia and number 23 in the UK.
 The accompanying music video for the song, directed by Shane Drake, features the band performing at a masquerade-style strip club.
"The Ballad of Mona Lisa" (commonly referred to as simply "Mona Lisa") is a song by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco, released February 1, 2011 as the first single from the group's third studio album, "Vices & Virtues" (2011).
 Vocalist Brendon Urie wrote the song to express personal struggles and convictions many years prior to its official production for "Vices & Virtues".
 The song impacted radio on February 15, 2011.
"New Perspective" is a song by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco, released on July 28, 2009 as a single promoting the film "Jennifer's Body".
 Vocalist Brendon Urie began writing the song two years prior to its recording regarding a lucid dream he had.
 The song was completed in the summer of 2009, and was co-written by producer John Feldmann.
 "New Perspective" was Panic!
 at the Disco's first single in aftermath of the departure of guitarist Ryan Ross and bassist Jon Walker, both of whom had no involvement in the track.
Panic!
 at the Disco is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in 2004 and featuring the current lineup of vocalist Brendon Urie, accompanied on tour by bassist Dallon Weekes, guitarist Kenneth Harris and drummer Dan Pawlovich.
 Founded by childhood friends Ryan Ross, Spencer Smith, Brent Wilson and Urie, Panic!
 at the Disco recorded its first demos while its members were in high school.
 Shortly after, the band recorded and released its debut studio album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" (2005).
 Popularized by the second single, "I Write Sins Not Tragedies", the album was certified double platinum in the US.
 In 2006, founding bassist Brent Wilson was fired from the band during an extensive world tour and subsequently replaced by Jon Walker.
