Impression management is a conscious or subconscious process in which people attempt to influence the perceptions of other people about a person, object or event.
 They do so by regulating and controlling information in social interaction.
 It was first conceptualized by Erving Goffman in 1959, and then was expanded upon in 1967.
 An example of impression management theory in play is in sports such as soccer.
 At an important game, a player would want to showcase themselves in the best light possible, because there are college recruiters watching.
 This person would have the flashiest pair of cleats and try and perform their best to show off their skills.
 Their main goal may be to impress the college recruiters in a way that maximizes their chances of being chosen for a college team rather than winning the game.
In everyday interactions, the body serves as a critical site of identity performance.
 In conveying who we are to other people, we use our bodies to project information about ourselves.
 This is done through movement, clothes, speech, and facial expressions.
 What we put forward is our best effort at what we want to say about who we are.
 Yet while we intend to convey one impression, our performance is not always interpreted as we might expect.
 Through learning to make sense of others’ responses to our behavior, we can assess how well we have conveyed what we intended.
 We can then alter our performance accordingly.
 This process of performance, interpretation, and adjustment is what Erving Goffman calls impression management.
 Impression management is a part of a larger process where people seek to define a situation through their behavior.
 People seek to define social situations by using contextual cues from the environment around them.
 Social norms emerge from situational definitions, as people learn to read cues from the environment and the people present to understand what is appropriate behavior.
The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life is a 1956 sociology book by Erving Goffman, in which Goffman uses the imagery of the theatre in order to portray the importance of human social interaction.
 Originally published in Scotland in 1956 and in the United States in 1959, it is Goffman’s first and most famous book, for which he received the American Sociological Association’s MacIver award in 1961.
Erving Goffman (1922–1982) was a Canadian sociologist
Ray Birdwhistell (September 28, 1918 – October 19, 1994) was an American anthropologist who founded kinesics as a field of inquiry and research.
 Birdwhistell coined the term "kinesics", meaning "facial expression, gestures, posture and gait, and visible arm and body movements".
 He estimated that "no more than 30 to 35 percent of the social meaning of a conversation or an interaction is carried by the words."
 Stated more broadly, he argued that "words are not the only containers of social knowledge."
 He proposed other technical terms, including kineme, and many others less frequently used today.
 Birdwhistell had at least as much impact on the study of language and social interaction generally as just nonverbal communication because he was interested in the study of communication more broadly than is often recognized.
 Birdwhistell understood body movements to be culturally patterned rather than universal.
 His students were required to read widely, sources not only in communication but also anthropology and linguistics.
 Collaborations with others, including initially Margaret Mead and Gregory Bateson, and later, Erving Goffman and Dell Hymes had huge influence on his work.
 For example, the book he is best known for, "Kinesics and Context", "would not have appeared if it had not been envisaged by Erving Goffman" and he explicitly stated "the paramount and sustaining influence upon my work has been that of anthropological linguistics", a tradition most directly represented at the University of Pennsylvania by Hymes.
Dramaturgy is a sociological perspective commonly used in microsociological accounts of social interaction in everyday life.
 The term was first adapted into sociology from the theatre by Erving Goffman, who developed most of the related terminology and ideas in his 1959 book, "The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life".
 Kenneth Burke, whom Goffman would later acknowledge as an influence, had earlier presented his notions of dramatism in 1945, which in turn derives from Shakespeare.
 However, the fundamental difference between Burke's and Goffman's view is that Burke believed that life was in fact theatre, whereas Goffman viewed theatre as a metaphor.
 If we imagine ourselves as directors observing what goes on in the theatre of everyday life, we are doing what Goffman called dramaturgical analysis, the study of social interaction in terms of theatrical performance.
Erving Goffman (11 June 1922 – 19 November 1982) was a Canadian-American sociologist and writer, considered by some "the most influential American sociologist of the twentieth century".
 In 2007 he was listed by "The Times Higher Education Guide" as the sixth most-cited author in the humanities and social sciences, behind Anthony Giddens, Pierre Bourdieu and Michel Foucault, and ahead of Jürgen Habermas.
Identity management theory (also frequently referred to as IMT) is an intercultural communication theory from the 1990s.
 It was developed by William R. Cupach and Tadasu Todd Imahori on the basis of Erving Goffman's "Interaction ritual: Essays on face-to-face behavior" (1967).
 Cupach and Imahori distinguish between intercultural communication (speakers from different cultures) and intracultural communication (speakers sharing the same culture).
Politeness theory accounts for the redressing of affronts to a person's 'face' by face-threatening acts.
 The concept of face was derived from Chinese into English in the 19th century.
 Erving Goffman would then go on to introduce the concept into academia through his theories of 'face' and 'facework'.
 Although politeness has been studied in a variety of cultures for many years, Penelope Brown and Stephen Levinson's politeness theory has become very influential.
 In 1987, Brown and Levinson proposed that politeness was a universal concept, which has created controversy within academia.
 Politeness is the expression of the speakers' intention to mitigate face threats carried by certain face threatening acts toward the listener.
 Another definition is "a battery of social skills whose goal is to ensure everyone feels affirmed in a social interaction".
 Therefore, being polite can be an attempt for the speaker to save their own face or the face of who he or she is talking to.
A total institution is a place of work and residence where a great number of similarly situated people, cut off from the wider community for a considerable time, together lead an enclosed, formally administered round of life.
 The concept is mostly associated with the work of sociologist Erving Goffman.
