Vern Yocum (April 15, 1909 - September 13, 1991) is best known as copyist and librarian for Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole, and Nelson Riddle.
 Many of the top artists of the mid-20th century relied on Vern Yocum’s Music Service, which was walking distance from the Capitol Records Tower.
 His client list included: Frankie Laine, Billy Eckstine, Ella Fitzgerald, Rosemary Clooney, Mel Tormé, Peggy Lee, Steve Lawrence & Eydie Gorme, Keely Smith, Sammy Davis Jr., Trini Lopez, Nancy Wilson, Leslie Uggams, Roy Clark, and Julie Andrews.
Cybill Lynne Shepherd (born February 18, 1950) is an American actress, singer and former model.
 Shepherd's better known roles include Jacy in "The Last Picture Show" (1971), Kelly in "The Heartbreak Kid" (1972), Betsy in "Taxi Driver" (1976), Maddie Hayes on "Moonlighting" (1985–1989), Cybill Sheridan on "Cybill" (1995–1998), Phyllis Kroll on "The L Word" (2007–2009), Madeleine Spencer on "Psych" (2008–2013), Cassie in the television film "The Client List" (2010) and Linette Montgomery on "The Client List" (2012–2013).
Danielle Fernandes Dominique Schuelein-Steel (born August 14, 1947) is an American novelist, currently the best selling author alive and the fourth bestselling fiction author of all time, with over 800 million copies sold.
Klotzman dominated the world of live personal appearances for several decades, promoting and producing concerts for the greatest Artists in Entertainment History.
 His client list includes T.I., Elvis Presley, Paul Anka, The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Frank Sinatra, The Eagles, Neil Diamond, Tom Jones, Liza Minnelli, The Jacksons, Madonna, Luther Vandross, Teddy Pendergrass, Alice Cooper, Earth, Wind & Fire, Diana Ross, Seals and Crofts, Stevie Wonder, Cream, Prince, The Who, Led Zeppelin, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Queen Latifah, Public Enemy and so many more.
 His client list is far too long to include in this summary.
 No one person has had a greater impact on the development of contemporary music concert promotion and exclusive entertainment event planning for facilities throughout North America as Klotzman.
 It was in the late fifties, at the age of 13 ½ that Klotzman began his journey into the business of Entertainment.
 Beginning as a DJ for Radio, record hops and even Bar Mitzvahs, Klotzman knew early on that this was going to be his chosen career.
 His determination, tenacity, and creativity soon catapulted him to the top of his field.
Christopher Essex (April 1945 – 13 September 2006) was an English Australian costumer and designer whose client list included Tina Turner, Phyllis Diller and Dionne Warwick, he was best known of his chic party dresses, ready-to-wear dresses and theatrical costumes/ Apart from being an Australian designer, he worked internationally with salon's in England and the United States.
Miles Bell (1946 – March 19, 2008) was a Nashville-based talent manager.
 Over his 30-year career, Bell represented a broad range of talents, from illusionists to boy bands. His client list included Little Richard, Jeff Foxworthy, Harry Blackstone, Jr., Cledus T. Judd, Don McLean, Janis Ian, Kool & the Gang, Mickey Gilley, Sandy Hackett, The Commodores, Menudo, Tenor Gregor Praecht, The Moffatts, Mr. T and many others.

Sociabl is an online platform that allows people to purchase experiences with celebrities, with a portion of funds go to charities.
 As of January 2016, Sociabl's claimed their client list included Richard Branson, Will.i.am and Chris Paul, which has since been disputed.
O. E. L. Graves (1897 - 1971) was an American artist and painter/sculptor based in Palm Springs, California during Hollywood's golden years.
 His client list included many of the rich and famous of his era, from movie stars (Clark Gable, Bob Hope, Bing Crosby, Janet Gaynor) to business magnates (Raymond Loewys, George R. Hearst Sr.) to shady criminal kingpins.
 His own personal life was just as full of high intrigue and secrecy as the famous clients he cultivated.
 As a result, his need to maintain a relatively low profile in his private life has relegated him to near obscurity in death as an artist.
Think and Grow Rich was written in 1937 by Napoleon Hill, promoted as a personal development and self-improvement book.
 Hill writes that he was inspired by a suggestion from business magnate and later-philanthropist Andrew Carnegie.
 While the book's title and much of the text concerns increased income, the author insists that the philosophy taught in the book can help people succeed in any line of work, to do and be anything they can imagine.
 First published during the Great Depression, at the time of Hill's death in 1970, "Think and Grow Rich" had sold more than 20 million copies, and by 2015 over 100 million copies had been sold worldwide.
 It remains the biggest seller of Napoleon Hill's books. "
BusinessWeek" magazine's Best-Seller List ranked it the sixth best-selling paperback business book 70 years after it was published.
 "Think and Grow Rich" is listed in John C. Maxwell's "A Lifetime "Must Read" Books List."
Dorothy Sarnoff (c. 1914 – December 20, 2008) was an American operatic soprano, musical theatre actress, and self-help guru.
 She had an active performing career from the late 1930s through the 1950s, during which time she sang in several operas with the New York City Opera and created several roles on Broadway, most notably Lady Thiang in the original 1951 cast of Rodgers and Hammerstein’s "The King and I".
 After her performing career ended she launched a second highly successful career as an image consultant to business executives, politicians, and other public figures.
 Sarnoff’s personal client list included many notable figures, including U.S. president Jimmy Carter, Israeli prime minister Menachem Begin, best-selling author Danielle Steel, and designer Paloma Picasso.
 She also wrote a number of self-help books.
