Blondi (1941 – 29 April 1945) was Adolf Hitler's German Shepherd, a gift as a puppy from Martin Bormann in 1941.
 Blondi stayed with Hitler even after his move into the "Führerbunker" located underneath the garden of the Reich Chancellery on 16 January 1945.
Martin Bormann (17 June 1900 – 2 May 1945) was a prominent official in Nazi Germany as head of the Nazi Party Chancellery.
 He gained immense power within the Third Reich by using his position as Adolf Hitler's private secretary to control the flow of information and access to Hitler.
Martin Adolf Bormann ((1930--)14 1930 in Grünwald – in Herdecke) was a German theologian laicized Roman Catholic priest, the eldest of the ten children of Martin Bormann and a godson of Adolf Hitler.
Adolf Hitler, as Führer and Reich Chancellor and Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of Nazi Germany, employed a personal staff, which represented different branches and offices throughout his political career.
 He maintained a group of aides-de-camp and adjutants, including Martin Bormann's younger brother Albert in the National Socialist Motor Corps (NSKK), Friedrich Hoßbach of the Wehrmacht, who was sacked for unfavourable conduct, and Fritz Darges of the "Schutzstaffel" (SS), who was also dismissed for inappropriate behaviour.
 Originally an SS adjutant, Otto Günsche was posted on the Eastern Front from August 1943 to February 1944, and in France until March 1944, until he was appointed as one of Hitler's personal adjutants.
Albert Bormann (2 September 19028 April 1989) was a German National Socialist Motor Corps (NSKK) officer, who rose to the rank of "Gruppenführer" ("Generalleutnant") during World War II.
 Bormann served as an adjutant to Adolf Hitler, and was the younger brother of Martin Bormann.
During the final weeks of the Third Reich and the war in Europe, many civilians, government officials and military personnel throughout Nazi Germany committed suicide.
 Aside from high-ranking Nazi officials like Adolf Hitler, Joseph Goebbels, Heinrich Himmler, Philipp Bouhler and Martin Bormann, many others chose " Selbstmord" (German: "Self-murder" ) rather than accept the defeat of Germany.
 Studies have shown that the suicides were influenced through Nazi propaganda (reaction to the suicide of Adolf Hitler), the tenets of the Nazi Party, and the anticipated reprisals following the Allied occupation of Nazi Germany.
 For example in April 1945, at least 1,000 people killed themselves and others within 72 hours as the Red Army neared the East German town of Demmin.
The Enabling Act (German: "Ermächtigungsgesetz ") was a 1933 Weimar Constitution amendment that gave the German Cabinet – in effect, Chancellor Adolf Hitler – the power to enact laws without the involvement of the Reichstag.
 It passed in both the Reichstag and Reichsrat on 24 March 1933, and was signed by President Paul von Hindenburg later that day.
 The act stated that it was to last four years unless renewed by the Reichstag, which occurred twice.
 The Enabling Act gave Hitler plenary powers.
 It followed on the heels of the Reichstag Fire Decree, which abolished most civil liberties and transferred state powers to the Reich government.
 The combined effect of the two laws was to transform Hitler's government into a legal dictatorship.
The Vorbunker (upper bunker or forward bunker) was an underground concrete structure originally intended to be a temporary air-raid shelter for Adolf Hitler and his guards and servants.
 It was located behind the large reception hall that was added onto the old Reich Chancellery, in Berlin, Germany, in 1936.
 The bunker was officially called the "Reich Chancellery Air-Raid Shelter" until 1943, when the complex was expanded with the addition of the "Führerbunker", located one level below.
 On 16 January 1945, Hitler moved into the "Führerbunker".
 He was joined by his senior staff, including Martin Bormann.
 Later, Eva Braun and Joseph Goebbels moved into the "Führerbunker" while Magda Goebbels and their six children took residence in the upper "Vorbunker".
 The Goebbels family lived in the "Vorbunker" until their deaths on 1 May 1945.
Adolf Hitler's religious beliefs have been a matter of debate; the wide consensus of historians consider him to have been irreligious and anti-Christian.
 In light of evidence such as his vocal rejection of the tenets of Christianity as a teenager, numerous private statements to confidants denouncing Christianity as a harmful superstition, and his strenuous efforts to reduce the influence and independence of Christianity in Germany after he came to power, Hitler's major academic biographers conclude that he was irreligious and an opponent of Christianity.
 Historian Laurence Rees found no evidence that "Hitler, in his personal life, ever expressed belief in the basic tenets of the Christian church".
 Hitler's remarks to confidants, as described in the Goebbels Diaries, the memoirs of Albert Speer, and transcripts of Hitler's private conversations recorded by Martin Bormann in "Hitler's Table Talk", are further evidence of his irreligious and anti-Christian beliefs; these sources record a number of private remarks in which Hitler ridicules Christian doctrine as absurd, contrary to scientific advancement, and socially destructive.
"Hitler's Table Talk" (German: "Tischgespräche im Führerhauptquartier") is the title given to a series of World War II monologues delivered by Adolf Hitler, which were transcribed from 1941 to 1944.
 Hitler's remarks were recorded by Heinrich Heim, Henry Picker, and Martin Bormann, and later published by different editors, under different titles, in three different languages.
