The following is a list of unproduced Chris Columbus projects in roughly chronological order.
 During his long career, American film director Chris Columbus has worked on a number of projects which never progressed beyond the pre-production stage under his direction.
 Some of these projects, are officially scrapped or fell in development hell.
Velvet Goldmine is a 1998 British-American drama film directed and co-written by Todd Haynes set in Britain during the glam rock days of the early 1970s; it tells the story of the fictional pop star Brian Slade.
 Sandy Powell received a BAFTA Award for Best Costume Design and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
 The film utilizes a non-linear structure to interweave the vignettes of the various characters.
Sandy Powell OBE (born 7 April 1960) is a British costume designer.
 She has won three Academy Awards for Best Costume Design for "Shakespeare in Love" (1998), "The Aviator" (2004), and "The Young Victoria" (2009), and has been nominated 12 times for the award.
 She has also received 13 BAFTA Award nominations, winning for "Velvet Goldmine" and "The Young Victoria".
 She won many other awards in costume design for the latter film.
 Powell is often associated with Martin Scorsese and Todd Haynes, having designed the costumes for six of Scorsese's films and four of Haynes'.
Edward Lachman, A.S.C. (born March 31, 1948) is an American cinematographer and director.
 Lachman is mostly associated with the American independent film movement, and has served as director of photography on films by Todd Haynes (including "Far From Heaven" in 2002, which earned Lachman an Academy Award nomination), Ulrich Seidl, Wim Wenders, Steven Soderbergh and Paul Schrader.
 His other work includes Werner Herzog's "La Soufrière" (1977), "Desperately Seeking Susan" (1985), Sofia Coppola's directorial debut, "The Virgin Suicides" (1999), Robert Altman's last picture "A Prairie Home Companion" (2006), and Todd Solondz's "Life During Wartime" (2009).
 He is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers.
Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story is a 1987 American short biographical film directed by Todd Haynes, co-written and co-produced by Haynes and Cynthia Schneider, and follows scenes from the final seventeen years of Karen Carpenter's life.
 The film was withdrawn from circulation in 1990 after Haynes lost a copyright infringement lawsuit filed by Karen's brother and musical collaborator, Richard Carpenter.
 The film's title is derived from The Carpenters' 1971 hit song, "Superstar".
Todd Haynes ( ; born January 2, 1961) is an American independent film director, screenwriter, and producer.
 He is considered a pioneer of the New Queer Cinema movement of filmmaking that emerged in the early 1990s.
 Haynes first gained public attention with his controversial short film "" (1987), which chronicles singer Karen Carpenter's tragic life and death, using Barbie dolls as actors.
 Haynes had not obtained proper licensing to use the Carpenters' music, prompting a lawsuit from Richard Carpenter, whom the film portrayed in an unflattering light, banning the film's distribution.
 "Superstar" became a cult classic.
Carter Benedict Burwell (born November 18, 1954) is an American composer of film scores.
 He has frequently collaborated with the Coen brothers, having scored 15 of their films.
 Burwell has scored three of Todd Haynes' films, receiving an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Score for Haynes' "Carol" (2015).
 Other notable films scores include the Spike Jonze films "Being John Malkovich" (1999), "Adaptation" (2002) and "Where the Wild Things Are" (2009), David O. Russell's "Three Kings" (1999), "Olive Kitteridge" (2014), and "Anomalisa" (2015).
"Carol" is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Todd Haynes.
 The screenplay, written by Phyllis Nagy, is based on Patricia Highsmith's 1952 romance novel "The Price of Salt".
 The film stars Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara as Carol Aird and Therese Belivet, two women from different classes and backgrounds embarking on a lesbian relationship in early 1950s New York City.
 Sarah Paulson, Kyle Chandler, and Jake Lacy feature in supporting roles.
 "Carol" premiered in May at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Queer Palm and Mara tied for the Best Actress award.
 It received a platform release in the United States, opening in four theaters on November 20, 2015 and going into wide release on January 15, 2016.
 Its $62,037 per theater average was the third-highest opening average of the year and the best opening weekend of Haynes' films.
 The film earned $40.3 million at worldwide box office on a production budget of $11.8 million.
Carol is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Todd Haynes.
 The screenplay, written by Phyllis Nagy, is based on the 1952 romance novel "The Price of Salt" (also known as "Carol") by Patricia Highsmith.
 The film stars Cate Blanchett, Rooney Mara, Sarah Paulson, Jake Lacy, and Kyle Chandler.
 Set in New York City during the early 1950s, "Carol" tells the story of a forbidden affair between an aspiring female photographer and an older woman going through a difficult divorce.
James Lyons (October 8, 1960 – April 12, 2007) was an American film editor, screenwriter and actor who frequently collaborated with Todd Haynes.
 He is probably best known for editing "The Virgin Suicides" and editing and co-writing "Velvet Goldmine".
 He also had a minor role in 1996 film "I Shot Andy Warhol" as Billy Name.
