The Historia abbatiae Condomensis, nunc episcopatus (History of the Abbey of Condom, now a Bishopric) is a chronicle of the history of Saint-Pierre de Condom, an abbey from the ninth century, rebuilt in 1040 and converted into the seat of the Diocese of Condom in 1317.
 It was written early in the fourteenth century by an anonymous monk of the abbey, drawing extensively on the abbey's cartulary and necrology.
 Its account of the abbey's origins is unreliable.
Clarembald was a medieval Benedictine monk and abbot-elect of St Augustine's Abbey in Canterbury, Kent.
Gilbert Foliot (c.
 1110 – 18 February 1187) was a medieval English monk and prelate, successively Abbot of Gloucester, Bishop of Hereford and Bishop of London.
 Born to an ecclesiastical family, he became a monk at Cluny Abbey in France at about the age of twenty.
 After holding two posts as prior in the Cluniac order he was appointed Abbot of Gloucester Abbey in 1139, a promotion influenced by his kinsman Miles of Gloucester.
 During his tenure as abbot he acquired additional land for the abbey, and may have helped to fabricate some charters—legal deeds attesting property ownership—to gain advantage in a dispute with the Archbishops of York.
 Although Foliot recognised Stephen as the King of England, he may have also sympathised with the Empress Matilda's claim to the throne.
 He joined Matilda's supporters after her forces captured Stephen, and continued to write letters in support of Matilda even after Stephen's release.
Simon de Tosny (Toni, Tonei, Toeni, Toeny, Toney) was a 12th-century Cistercian monk and prelate.
 Simon was a monk of Melrose Abbey, and served there until he moved to become Abbot of Coggeshall Abbey in Essex.
 He resigned this abbey in 1168, and returned to Melrose.
 In 1171, he was elected as Bishop of Moray, and was consecrated at St Andrews on 23 January 1172.
 His cathedral was at Birnie, Moray.
 He witnessed several charters and was present at the Council of Northampton in 1176.
 He is the first bishop named on the bishop-list in the "Moray Registrum".
 He died on 17 September 1184 and was buried in Birnie Kirk.
 Aside from the brief episcopate of Andrew (consecrated 1184, died 1185) he was succeeded as bishop by Richard de Lincoln.
The Guoqing Temple () is a Buddhist temple on Mount Tiantai, in Taizhou, Zhejiang Province, China.
 Originally built in 598 during the Sui Dynasty, and renovated during the reign of the Qing Yongzheng Emperor (r. 1722–1735), the temple is located roughly 220 km from the city of Hangzhou.
 It was the initial site for the creation of the Tiantai school of Mahayana Buddhism, founded by Zhiyi (538–597 AD).
 The temple covers an area of some 23,000 m2 and features 600 rooms in a total of 14 different halls, including the Grand Hall of Sakyamuni, the Hall of Five Hundred Arhats and the Hall of Monk Jigong.
 The exterior of the building features Chinese pagodas such as the Sui Pagoda, the Seven Buddha Pagoda, and the Memorial Pagoda of Monk Yi Xing (683–727 AD).
Saint Anselm Abbey, located in Goffstown, New Hampshire, United States, is a Benedictine abbey composed of men living under the Rule of Saint Benedict within the Catholic Church.
 The abbey was founded in 1889 under the patronage of Saint Anselm of Canterbury, a Benedictine monk of Bec and former archbishop of Canterbury in England.
 The monks are involved in the operation of Saint Anselm College.
 The abbey is a member of the American-Cassinese Congregation of the Benedictine Confederation.
Germanus (sometimes Germanus of Winchester, died circa 1013) was a medieval English abbot and Benedictine monk.
 He travelled to Rome in about 957 and became a monk at Fleury Abbey in France.
 Back in England by 964 he served as a monastic official before being named abbot of Winchcombe Abbey in about 970, a position he was removed from in 975.
 Germanus may have become abbot of Cholsey Abbey in 992.
The Abbey Church of Saint Foy St. in Conques, France, was a popular stop for pilgrims traveling the Way of St. James to Santiago de Compostela, in what is now Spain.
 The main draw for medieval pilgrims at Conques were the remains of St. Foy, a young woman martyred during the fourth century.
 The relics of St. Foy arrived in Conques through theft in 866.
 After unsuccessful attempts to acquire the relics of St. Vincent of Saragossa and then the relics of St. Vincent Pompejac in Agen, the abbey authorities set their sights on the relics of St. Foy at the ancient St. Faith's Church, Sélestat.
 The Conques abbey opened a priory next to the shrine in Sélestat.
 A monk from Conques posed as a loyal monk in Agen for nearly a decade in order to get close enough to the relics to steal them.
St Augustine's Abbey was a Benedictine monastery in Canterbury, Kent, England.
 The abbey was founded in 598 and functioned as a monastery until its dissolution in 1538 during the English Reformation.
 After the abbey's dissolution, it underwent dismantlement until 1848.
 Since 1848, part of the site has been used for educational purposes and the abbey ruins have been preserved for their historical value.
Säckingen Abbey is a former Roman Catholic abbey located in Bad Säckingen, Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
 The Abbey was founded in the 6th or 7th century by Fridolin of Säckingen, an Irish monk.
 While the Abbey had both monks and nuns, only the nuns' convent grew to be an important religious, economic and cultural institution for the entire upper Rhine.
