The tenth The Desert Sessions LP, titled Volume 10: I Heart Disco, was released in 2003, packaged along with "" in a gatefold 10" album format.
 "In My Head...Or Something" later appeared on the Queens of the Stone Age album Lullabies to Paralyze under the title "In My Head".
This is a compilation of the and The Desert Sessions releases.
 Queens of the Stone Age later performed "You Think I Ain't Worth a Dollar, But I Feel Like a Millionaire" on their "Songs for the Deaf" album, and "Rickshaw" has often been included in their live set.
 "Like a Drug" has been re-recorded and features on certain special editions of "Lullabies to Paralyze".
 "I'm Dead" was recorded by Kyuss/Queens of the Stone Age bassist Nick Oliveri in an acoustic arrangement and retitled "Day I Die" for the Mondo Generator album "A Drug Problem That Never Existed".
 This pair of sessions featured a wider range of musicians than previous releases, including Dwarves singer Blag Dahlia.
The seventh The Desert Sessions LP, titled Volume 7: Gypsy Marches, was released in 2001, packaged along with "" in a gatefold 10" album format.
 The song "Hanging Tree" was later released on the Queens of the Stone Age album Songs for the Deaf.
Volume 6: Black Anvil Ego is the sixth extended play (EP) by American desert rock collective The Desert Sessions.
 Recorded in March 1999 at Rancho De La Luna, it was released by Man's Ruin Records on July 21, 1999.
 The album features eleven credited musicians, including Josh Homme, Dave Catching and Gene Trautmann.
 It was later re-released with "" as "Volumes 5 & 6".
The ninth The Desert Sessions LP, "Volume 9: I See You Hearin' Me", was released in 2003, packaged along with "" in a gatefold 10" album format.
 "I Wanna Make It wit Chu" was later released on the Queens of the Stone Age album Era Vulgaris under the title "Make It wit Chu".
 "Covered in Punk's Blood" has also been played by the band at live shows as seen in the live album and video Over the Years and Through the Woods.
Volume 1: Instrumental Driving Music for Felons is the debut extended play (EP) by American desert rock collective The Desert Sessions.
 Recorded in August 1997 at Rancho De La Luna, it was released by Man's Ruin Records on November 18, 1997.
 The album features eight credited musicians, including Josh Homme, John McBain and Ben Shepherd.
 It was later re-released with "" in 1998 as "Volumes 1 & 2".
Volume 4: Hard Walls and Little Trips is the fourth extended play (EP) by American desert rock collective The Desert Sessions.
 Recorded in June 1998 at Monkey Studios, it was released by Man's Ruin Records on September 22, 1998.
 The album features twelve credited musicians, including Josh Homme, Nick Oliveri and Mario Lalli.
 It was later re-released with "" as "Volumes 3 & 4".
Volume 3: Set Co-ordinates for the White Dwarf!!!
 is the third extended play (EP) by American desert rock collective The Desert Sessions.
 Recorded in February 1995 and August and September 1997 at Rancho De La Luna, it was released by Man's Ruin Records on May 12, 1998.
 The album features eight credited musicians, including Josh Homme, Peter Stahl and Ben Shepherd.
 It was later re-released with "" as "Volumes 3 & 4".
Rekords Rekords is a record label formed by Josh Homme.
 It emerged in the aftermath of the downfall of Man's Ruin Records, the record label formerly putting out Homme's project The Desert Sessions.
 The Desert Sessions, a compilation of collaborative songs that is released in volumes, has been released under the Rekords Rekords label subsequent to the label's formation.
Volume 2: Status: Ships Commander Butchered is the second extended play (EP) by American desert rock collective The Desert Sessions.
 Recorded in August 1997 at Rancho De La Luna, it was released by Man's Ruin Records on February 10, 1998.
 The album features eight credited musicians, including Josh Homme, John McBain and Ben Shepherd.
 It was later re-released with "" in 1998 as "Volumes 1 & 2".
