PepsiCo, Inc. is an American multinational food, snack, and beverage corporation headquartered in Purchase, New York.
 PepsiCo has interests in the manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of grain-based snack foods, beverages, and other products.
 PepsiCo was formed in 1965 with the merger of the Pepsi-Cola Company and Frito-Lay, Inc.
 PepsiCo has since expanded from its namesake product Pepsi to a broader range of food and beverage brands, the largest of which included an acquisition of Tropicana Products in 1998 and the Quaker Oats Company in 2001, which added the Gatorade brand to its portfolio.
Rewrapped is a reality cooking television show hosted by Joey Fatone that premiered on April 21, 2014, on Food Network.
 Similar to short-form cooking reality shows, it features three chefs challenged to first recreate a classic snack food, then innovate a totally new dish using said snack food as the main ingredient.
 The show is a loose spinoff of the show "Unwrapped", whose host Marc Summers acts as "Head Judge" for each episode, alongside a representative of the company that produces the food of the day, and a third impartial judge involved in the food industry in some way (chef, critic, blogger, etc.).
Twisties are a type of cheese curl, corn-based snack food product, available mainly in Australia, and other Oceanian countries such as Papua New Guinea, New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji, the Southeast Asian countries Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore and Brunei, and the island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean.
 It was launched in 1950 by the General Foods Corporation.
 The brand name is owned by The Smith's Snackfood Company.
 While originally an Australian-owned company, Smith's was acquired in August 1998 by Frito-Lay, the second largest producer of snack foods in Australia, which in turn is owned by American multi-national PepsiCo.
 In Malaysia, Twisties is a product of Mondelēz International, after having been a part of Danone and later, Kraft Foods previously.
 In Thailand, the Twisties trademark is owned by Lay's, which like The Smith's Snackfood Company, is owned by PepsiCo.
 In New Zealand, Malta and Italy, Twisties are marketed under different names.
Snack Foods Limited is an Australian snack food company and was officially formed on 25 November 1999, and was owned by Arnott's Biscuits Holdings Pty Ltd.
, a subsidiary of the American Campbell Soup Company.
 Snack Foods Limited owns one of Australia's largest salted snack food companies, Snack Brands Australia.
 In April 2008, Campbell Arnott's sold Arnott’s Snackfoods to The Real McCoy Snackfood Co and the company is now known as Snack Brands Australia.
Mondelez International, Inc., styled Mondelēz ( ), is an American multinational confectionery, food, and beverage company based in Illinois which employs about 107,000 people around the world.
 It consists of the global snack and food brands of the former Kraft Foods Inc after the October 2012 spin-off of its North American grocery operations.
 The Mondelez name, adopted in 2012, was suggested by Kraft Foods employees and is derived from the words "mundus" (Latin for “world”) and "delez" (a proxy for the word "delicious").
Robert's American Gourmet Food was and is a snack food company located in the United States.
 Founded by businessman Robert Ehrlich in 1986, the company was best known for its snack food, Pirate's Booty, which is found in over 90% of United States supermarkets. Robert's American Gourmet targeted health-conscious shoppers with a range of snack foods.
Canyon Creek Food Company () is a food processing company based in Edmonton, Alberta that provides fresh soups and other prepared food products geared towards health conscious consumers.
 The company provides its fresh food product line to grocery retailers and a broad range of food service establishments such as restaurants and institutions throughout Canada.
Handi-Snacks are a snack food product line sold by Mondelez International.
 The common two-compartment Handi-Snack has a small spread compartment and a larger compartment for crackers; a red plastic spreader is included with crackers.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd (Korean: 스낵박스푸드홀딩스 ) is a Korean lunch snack food company.
 Its headquarters is in Mokdong-Ri Gyoha-Eup Paju Gyeonggi-do, Korea, and was established in 2004.
 It offers a number of snack food services to home party foods.
 The company offers a range of products including fruit lunch packs, salad, yogurt and sandwiches.
 Snack Box has about 25 employees as of January, 2006.
Deep Fried Peanuts are a snack food created by deep frying peanuts in an oil.
 The resulting product is a snack food that can be eaten in its entirety, both shell and nut.
 The deep-frying process does not change the flavor or texture of the nutmeats, but changes the texture and flavor of the shells -- especially if seasonings are used -- to make them more palatable.
