Percy Roberts was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a centre forward.
 Born in Wrexham, he played youth football with Oak Alyn Rovers and later joined his hometown club Wrexham.
 He signed for Oswestry Town in the close season of 1925, spending one season with the team before joining Football League Third Division North side Nelson in August 1926.
 Roberts made his debut for the Lancashire club away at Stoke on 11 September 1926, in place of Jimmy Hampson, who was unavailable through injury.
 Although he was reported by the local newspaper to have "bustled about with some purpose", Nelson were defeated 1–4 despite a goal from Scottish forward Buchanan Sharp.
Swansea City Association Football Club (Welsh: "Clwb Pêl-droed Dinas Abertawe" ) is a Welsh professional football club based in Swansea, Wales, that plays in the Premier League, the top tier of English football.
 Swansea City represent England when playing in European competitions, although they have represented Wales in the past.
 The club was founded in 1912 as Swansea Town and joined the Football League in 1921.
 The club changed their name in 1969, when they adopted the name Swansea City to reflect Swansea's new status as a city.
 Swansea have played their home matches at the Liberty Stadium since 2005, having previously played at the Vetch Field since the club was founded.
William Reuben "Billy" Tremelling (9 May 1905 — 1961) was an English professional footballer.
 He played as a forward at the beginning of his career, but was later played as a defender.
 He was the younger brother of fellow footballer Dan Tremelling, a goalkeeper who played for England.
Daniel Leon "Danny" Gabbidon (born 8 August 1979) is a Welsh professional footballer who last played for Welsh club Panteg as a defender.
 He has previously played for West Bromwich Albion, Cardiff City (two spells), West Ham United, Queens Park Rangers and Crystal Palace.
 He also plays for the Wales national team.
Dan Lewis was a Welsh professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s, and 1910s, playing at representative level for Wales, and Welsh League XIII, and at club level for Merthyr Tydfil, and York, as a prop , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Daniel James Hanford (born 6 March 1991) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for National League side Gateshead.
 He has previously played for Clitheroe, Hereford United, Carlisle United.
Neil John Taylor (born 7 February 1989) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a defender for Championship club Aston Villa and the Welsh national team.
 A former Manchester City trainee, he began his career with Wrexham in 2007 and moved to Swansea City for an initial £150,000 in 2010, going on to make 179 appearances for the Swans.
 He joined Aston Villa in January 2017 as part of a swap for Jordan Ayew.
Callum Luke Saunders (born 26 September 1995) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a forward for Notts County.
 His father Dean Saunders is a former professional footballer.
 He was born in Istanbul when his father was playing for the Turkish club Galatasaray.
Ibrahim Farah (born 24 January 1992) is a Welsh professional footballer who is playing for the semi-professional football club Carmarthen Town A.F.C. in the Welsh Premier League.
Paul Giles is a retired Welsh professional footballer.
 He is the younger brother of former Welsh international footballer David Giles.
 Giles started off his career at Cardiff City where he was on their books from the age of seven.
 He is one of only a few UK based footballers who have played in the top flight of Dutch football and up until recently was the only Welsh player along with Trevor Ford and Nick Deacy for whom both played for PSV Eindhoven to have played there.
 At this time in his career Giles played against upcoming footballers such as Ruud Gullit and Marco van Basten also the Dutch legend Johan Cruyff.
