Radama I "the Great" (1793–1828) was the first Malagasy sovereign to be recognized as King of Madagascar (1810-1828) by a European state.
 He came to power at the age of 18 following the death of his father, King Andrianampoinimerina.
 Under Radama's rule and at his invitation, the first Europeans entered his central highland Kingdom of Imerina and its capital at Antananarivo.
 Radama encouraged these London Missionary Society envoys to establish schools to teach tradecraft and literacy to nobles and potential military and civil service recruits; they also introduced Christianity and taught literacy using the translated Bible.
 A wide range of political and social reforms were enacted under his rule, including an end to the international slave trade, which had historically been a key source of wealth and armaments for the Merina monarchy.
 Through aggressive military campaigns he successfully united two-thirds of the island under his rule.
 Abuse of alcohol weakened his health and he died prematurely at age 35.
 He was succeeded by his highest-ranking wife, Ranavalona I.
The Battle of Anglesey Sound was fought in June or July 1098 on the Menai Strait ("Anglesey Sound"), separating the island of Anglesey from mainland Wales.
 The battle was fought between Magnus Barefoot, King of Norway, and the Anglo-Norman earls Hugh of Montgomery and Hugh d'Avranches, and took place as part of Magnus Barefoot's expedition into the Irish Sea, which sought to assert Norwegian rule over the Kingdom of the Isles.
King Magnus' Halt, sometimes referred to as Magnus' Grave, is the terminal railway station on the Downpatrick & County Down Railway's Southern Line, located in the town of Downpatrick in County Down, Northern Ireland.
 It takes its name from the nearby grave of Viking King Magnus Barefoot.
 The grave is a Downpatrick tourist attraction that was not easily accessible prior to the arrival of the railway.
 It features a platform with lampposts on the East side of the line, which looks onto a field containing the barrow of King Magnus and a runestone which was placed in March 2003 to mark the 900th anniversary of his death.
The Kingdom of the Isles comprised the Hebrides, the islands of the Firth of Clyde and the Isle of Man from the 9th to the 13th centuries AD.
 The islands were known to the Norse as the "Suðreyjar", or "Southern Isles" as distinct from the "Norðreyjar" or Northern Isles of Orkney and Shetland.
 The historical record is incomplete, and the kingdom was not a continuous entity throughout the entire period.
 The islands concerned are sometimes referred to as the Kingdom of Mann and the Isles, although only some of the later rulers claimed that title.
 At times the rulers were independent of external control, although for much of the period they had overlords in Norway, Ireland, England, Scotland or Orkney.
 At times there also appear to have been competing claims for all or parts of the territory.
 The islands involved have a total land area of over 8300 km2 and extend for more than 500 km from north to south.
The Norman invasion of Wales began shortly after the Norman conquest of England under William the Conqueror, who believed England to be his birthright.
 Initially (1067–1081), the invasion of Wales was not undertaken with the fervor and purpose of the invasion of England.
 However, a much stronger Norman invasion began in 1081 and by 1094 most of Wales was under the control of William's eldest son, King William II of England.
 The Welsh greatly disliked the "gratuitously cruel" Normans and by 1101 had regained control of the greater part of their country under the long reign of King Gruffudd ap Cynan, who had been imprisoned by the Normans for twelve years before his escape.
 Gruffudd had some indirect help from King Magnus III of Norway (Magnus Barefoot) who attacked the Normans briefly off the Isle of Anglesey in northwest Wales near Ynys Seiriol, killing Hugh of Montgomery, 2nd Earl of Shrewsbury and leaving the Normans depleted and demoralized.
 Magnus went on to take the Orkney Islands, the Hebrides, and the Isle of Man, islands north of Wales and west and north of Scotland and England, in 1098.
Magnus Barefoot Cinema Centre (Norwegian: "Magnus Barfot kinosenter") is a cinema multiplex with 5 screens owned by Bergen Cinema.
 It is named after the street that runs along the building (however, it is not the address of the complex), which in turned is named after the Norwegian king Magnus Barefoot.
 It is the main venue of Bergen International Film Festival.
The Battle of Stamford Bridge took place at the village of Stamford Bridge, East Riding of Yorkshire, in England on 25 September 1066, between an English army under King Harold Godwinson and an invading Norwegian force led by King Harald Hardrada and the English king's brother Tostig Godwinson.
 After a bloody battle, both Hardrada and Tostig along with most of the Norwegians were killed.
 Although Harold Godwinson repelled the Norwegian invaders, his army was defeated by the Normans at Hastings less than three weeks later.
 The battle has traditionally been presented as symbolising the end of the Viking Age, although major Scandinavian campaigns in Britain and Ireland occurred in the following decades, such as those of King Sweyn Estrithson of Denmark in 1069–1070 and King Magnus Barefoot of Norway in 1098 and 1102–1103.
The Kingdom of the Isles comprised the Hebrides, the islands of the Firth of Clyde and the Isle of Man from the 9th to the 13th centuries AD.
 The islands were known to the Norse as the "Suðreyjar", or "Southern Isles" as distinct from the "Norðreyjar" or Northern Isles of Orkney and Shetland.
 The historical record is incomplete and the kingdom was probably not a continuous entity throughout the entire period.
 The islands concerned are sometimes referred to as the "Kingdom of Mann and the Isles", although only some of the later rulers claimed that title.
 At times the rulers were independent of external control, although for much of the period they had overlords in Norway, Ireland, England, Scotland or Orkney.
 At times there also appear to have been competing claims for all or parts of the territory.
 The islands involved have a total land area of over 8300 km2 and extend for more than 500 km from north to south.
Olaf Magnusson (1099 – 22 December 1115) was king of Norway 1103–1115.
 He was the son of King Magnus Barefoot and Sigrid, daughter of Saxe of Vik.
Magnus Olafsson (Old Norse: "Magnús Óláfsson", Norwegian: "Magnus Olavsson"; 1073 – 24 August 1103), better known as Magnus Barefoot (Old Norse: "Magnús berfœttr", Norwegian: "Magnus Berrføtt"), was King of Norway (as Magnus III) from 1093 until his death in 1103.
 His reign was marked by aggressive military campaigns and conquest, particularly in the Norse-dominated parts of the British Isles and Ireland, where he extended his rule to the Kingdom of the Isles and Dublin.
