"Flashing Lights" is a song by American hip-hop artist Kanye West.
 It features Detroit R&B singer Dwele and contains background vocals from Australian singer Connie Mitchell.
 West co-wrote and co-produced the song with Eric Hudson and released it on November 22, 2007 as the fourth single for his third studio album, "Graduation".
 The single's cover art was designed by Japanese pop artist, Takashi Murakami.
 The single received acclaim from music critics and is cited as one of the best songs on "Graduation".
"Power" (often stylized as "POWER") is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, released as the lead single from his fifth studio album, "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" (2010).
 The song features additional vocals by soul singer Dwele and is co-produced by West and Symbolyc One.
 It is built around samples of "21st Century Schizoid Man" by King Crimson, "Afromerica" by Continent Number 6, and "It's Your Thing" by Cold Grits.
 After having recorded it in Hawaii, West reported that he spent 5000 hours composing "Power".
 In its lyrics, West comments about the United States and his critics.
 Its chorus features an abrasive vocal-riff.
"The People" is a song by American rapper Common, released as the second single of his seventh studio album "Finding Forever".
 It made its first appearance on Kanye West's "Can't Tell Me Nothing" mixtape.
 The song features production by West and contains background vocals provided by soul singer Dwele.
 The original version of the song had Common singing the hook by himself, but this was later replaced with Dwele singing the hook.
 It contains samples of "We Almost Lost Detroit" by Gil Scott-Heron as well as vocal samples of "Long Red" by Mountain (the latter of which was sampled on Wouldn't Get Far featuring West).
 This action was part of West's intention to pay tribute to J Dilla through the production style expressed within the album.
808s & Heartbreak is the fourth studio album by American rapper Kanye West.
 It was released on November 24, 2008, by Roc-A-Fella Records.
 West recorded the album during September and October 2008 at Glenwood Studios in Burbank, California and Avex Recording Studio in Honolulu, Hawaii, with the help of producers No I.D., Jeff Bhasker and others.
The College Dropout is the debut studio album by American rapper Kanye West.
 It was released on February 10, 2004, through Roc-A-Fella Records.
 It was recorded over a period of four years, beginning in 1999.
 Prior to the album's release, West had received praise for his production work for artists such as Jay-Z and Talib Kweli, but faced difficulty being accepted as a recording artist in his own right by figures in the music industry.
 Nonetheless intent on pursuing a solo career, it was several years before West finally received a record deal from Roc-A-Fella Records.
Watch the Throne is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Jay-Z and Kanye West, released on August 8, 2011, by Roc-A-Fella Records, Roc Nation, and Def Jam Recordings.
 Before the album, Jay-Z and West had collaborated on their respective singles and with West as a producer on Jay-Z's work.
 As longtime friends, they originally sought out to record a five-song EP together, but the project eventually evolved into a full-length album.
 Recording sessions took place at various locations and began in November 2010.
 Production on the album was led by West himself, alongside a variety of high-profile record producers including Mike Dean, Swizz Beatz, Sak Pase, Jeff Bhasker, The Neptunes and Q-Tip.
PRhyme is the debut studio album by American hip hop duo PRhyme, consisting of Royce da 5'9" and DJ Premier.
 The album was released on December 9, 2014, through their own record label PRhyme Records.
 The album features guest appearances from rappers Killer Mike, Jay Electronica, Common, Ab-Soul, Schoolboy Q, Slaughterhouse, Mac Miller and soul singer Dwele.
 "PRhyme" features production by DJ Premier, as well as samples from psychedelic soul composer and producer Adrian Younge.
 The album was supported by the single "Courtesy".
Hip Hop Since 1978 (HHS78) was a management and production company based in New York City.
 It was started by Gee Roberson and Kyambo "Hip-Hop" Joshua.
 HHS78 has been involved in the daily operations of Roc-A-Fella Records since the label's inception in the early '90s.
 HHS78 originally signed Kanye West to their production and management company in 1998, and negotiated his signing to Roc-A-Fella Records.
 Hip Hop Since 1978's first official project was West's 2004 album, "The College Dropout".
 In January 2007, they partnered with Bryant Entertainment.
 As a result, they managed the careers of Lil Wayne, Drake and Nicki Minaj (who were signed to Young Money/Cash Money Records).
 In January 2009, Kyambo Joshua and Columbia Records parted ways.
 Most recently, HHS78 has signed Young Jeezy onto their management firm.
 As of 2014, the agency no longer exists.
 That same year, Kyambo Joshua joined the A&R department at Def Jam Recordings (along with record producer No I.D.), while Gee Roberson has launched two of his own management agencies, The Blueprint Group and Maverick Management.
Graduation is the third studio album by American rapper Kanye West.
 It was released on September 11, 2007, through Roc-A-Fella Records.
 Recording sessions for the album took place during 2005 to 2007 at Chung King Studios, Sony Music Studios in New York City, at Chalice Studios and The Record Plant in Los Angeles.
 It was primarily produced by West himself, with contributions from DJ Toomp, as well as Mike Dean, Nottz, Brian "All Day" Miller, Eric Hudson, Warryn Campbell, Gee Roberson, Plain Pat and Jon Brion.
 It features guest contributions from artists, including Mos Def, Dwele, T-Pain, Lil Wayne, DJ Premier and Chris Martin of Coldplay.
 The album's cover artwork was designed by Japanese contemporary artist Takashi Murakami.
Late Registration is the second studio album by American rapper Kanye West.
 It was released on August 30, 2005, through Roc-A-Fella Records.
 It was recorded over the course of a year in sessions held across studios in New York City and Hollywood, with West collaborating with American record producer and composer Jon Brion.
 The album features guest contributions from Adam Levine, Lupe Fiasco, Jamie Foxx, Common, Jay-Z, Brandy, and Nas, among others.
 Its production was notably more lush and elaborate than West's 2004 debut album "The College Dropout", as he utilized intricate sampling methods and string orchestration with Brion.
 West's lyrics explore both personal and political themes, including poverty, drug trafficking, racism, healthcare, and the blood diamond trade.
