Youth Authority is the sixth studio album by American pop punk band Good Charlotte released on July 15, 2016 through MDDN and Kobalt Music Group.
 It was produced by John Feldmann with guest appearances from Kellin Quinn of Sleeping with Sirens, and Simon Neil of Biffy Clyro.
 The lead single, "Makeshift Love" was released on November 5, 2015.
 The second single, "40 oz.
 Dream", premiered on April 4, 2016 as part of the band's 20th anniversary celebration.
Marmaduke Duke are a conceptual rock duo from Ayrshire, Scotland, comprising Simon Neil of Biffy Clyro and JP Reid of Sucioperro.
 Within the band, the pair perform under the pseudonyms The Atmosphere and The Dragon respectively.
 According to Neil, the band, and its albums, are "based on a trilogy of unreleased manuscripts that a friend of ours brought to this country a few years ago.
 We're really just working to soundtrack those stories."
Biffy Clyro are a Scottish rock band that formed in Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire, composed of Simon Neil (guitar, lead vocals), James Johnston (bass, vocals) and Ben Johnston (drums, vocals).
 Currently signed to 14th Floor Records, they have released seven studio albums, four of which ("Puzzle", "Only Revolutions", "Opposites" and "Ellipsis)" reached the top five in the UK Albums Chart, with their sixth studio album, "Opposites" claiming their first UK number-one album.
 After their first three albums, the band expanded their following significantly in 2007 with the release of their fourth, "Puzzle", creating more mainstream songs with simpler rhythms and distancing themselves from the more unusual dissonant style that was present in their previous three albums.
 "Puzzle" peaked at number 2 on the official UK album charts on 16 June 2007.
 The album went Gold in the UK, selling over 100,000 units, and later in 2012 went Platinum in the UK, having sold over 300,000 copies.
This Is Spinal Tap (stylized as This Is Spın̈al Tap) is a 1984 American rock music mockumentary comedy film directed, co-written, scored by, and starring Rob Reiner, and co-starring Christopher Guest, Michael McKean and Harry Shearer.
 The film portrays the fictional British heavy metal band Spinal Tap.
 The film satirizes the wild personal behavior and musical pretensions of hard rock and heavy metal bands, as well as the hagiographic tendencies of rock documentaries of the time.
 The three main members of Spinal Tap—David St. Hubbins, Derek Smalls and Nigel Tufnel—are played by actors McKean, Shearer, and Guest, respectively.
 The three actors play their musical instruments and speak with mock English accents throughout the movie.
 Reiner appears as Marty Di Bergi, the maker of the documentary.
 Other actors in the movie are Tony Hendra as group manager Ian Faith, and June Chadwick as St. Hubbins' interfering girlfriend Jeanine.
 Actors Paul Shaffer, Fred Willard, Fran Drescher, Bruno Kirby, Howard Hesseman, Ed Begley, Jr., Patrick Macnee, Anjelica Huston, Vicki Blue, Dana Carvey, Billy Crystal and Linnea Quigley all play supporting roles or make cameo appearances in the movie.
Adventures of Power is an American feature film written and directed by Ari Gold, starring Ari Gold, Michael McKean, Jane Lynch, Shoshannah Stern, Chiu Chi Ling, and Adrian Grenier and featuring Steven Williams, Jimmy Jean-Louis, Annie Golden and Nick Kroll, with a cameo performance by Rush drummer Neil Peart.
 The soundtrack includes original songs by Ethan Gold and hits by Rush, Mr. Mister, Judas Priest, Phil Collins, Dazz Band, Loverboy, Bow Wow Wow and Woody Guthrie.
 The film premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and made its European debut at the 2008 Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.
 It was released theatrically in 2009 by Variance Films and on DVD/VOD by Phase 4 Films."
D.A.R.Y.L. is a 1985 American science fiction film written by David Ambrose, Allan Scott and Jeffrey Ellis.
 It was directed by Simon Wincer and stars Barret Oliver, Mary Beth Hurt, Michael McKean, Danny Corkill, and Josef Sommer.
 The original music score was composed by Marvin Hamlisch.
David Ivor St. Hubbins is a fictional character in the mockumentary film "This Is Spinal Tap" (1984).
 In the film, he is the lead singer and rhythm guitarist of the mock rock band Spinal Tap.
 David is played by actor Michael McKean, who improvised the role through the whole film.
 McKean writes in his introduction to "This Is Spinal Tap: The Official Guide", "When I am called upon to generate copy about the mostly fictional entity called Spinal Tap, I usually do so in the mostly fictional character of David St. Hubbins..."
"Many of Horror" is an alternative rock song written by Simon Neil of Scottish band Biffy Clyro for their fifth studio album "Only Revolutions".
 The song was released as the fourth single from the album on 18 January 2010.
 The song was recorded at Ocean Way Recording, Hollywood, California and mastered at Masterdisk.
 The lyrics of the song concern Neil's wife and family.
 Jacknife Lee, who previously remixed "Silhouettes" for the Biffy Clyro and Sucioperro side project Marmaduke Duke, recorded a remix for the song.
Simon Neil Stuart Andrews (14 August 1982 – 19 May 2014) was a British motorcycle racer.
 He competed in the British Superbike Championship for RAF Reserves aboard a Honda CBR1000RR.
 He died as a result of a crash when racing on a road-course in N. Ireland.
Lenny and the Squigtones is a fictional musical group headed by Michael McKean and David Lander, the two actors who played the characters Lenny and Squiggy on the television series "Laverne & Shirley".
 The group's eponymous debut album, Lenny & Squiggy Present Lenny and the Squigtones, was released on the Casablanca label in 1979.
 Recorded live at the Roxy in Hollywood, they perform parodies of 50's rock ballads ("Night After Night," "Creature Without a Head").
 In between, there's plenty of schtick and patter ("So's Your Old Testament," "Babyland").
 The album is now a collector’s item because of credited guitar work by future Spinal Tap member Nigel Tufnel (Christopher Guest).
 A photo on the inside cover also includes two band members, "Murph", the keyboard player from The Blues Brothers, and "Ming the Merciless," purported to be Kiss drummer Peter Criss without his famous "cat" costume and make-up, though Criss denies it was him.
 McKean has confirmed that the drummer in the photograph is actually Don Poncher.
