The 18th Military Police Brigade is a military police brigade of the United States Army based in Grafenwoehr, Germany, with subordinate battalions and companies stationed throughout Germany.
 It provides law enforcement and force protection duties to United States Army Europe.
The 220th Military Police Brigade is a military police brigade of the United States Army, headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland.
 It is an Active Component/Reserve Component formation of the U.S. Army Reserve.
The 95th Military Police Battalion was the largest, most geographically dispersed Military Police battalion in the United States Army.
 It was last located in Sembach, Germany, the unit fell under the command of the 18th Military Police Brigade.
The 49th Military Police Brigade is California’s only Army National Guard military police brigade and is based in Fairfield, California.
 The 49th’s primary role in California is to provide defense support to civilian authorities (DSCA) in the northern region of the state.
 As part of its federal mission, the 49th Military Police Brigade stands ready to deploy and respond to support missions around the world.
The 720th Military Police Battalion is a military police battalion of the United States Army based at Fort Hood, Texas.
 It is a subordinate unit under the Training and Readiness Authority of the 89th Military Police Brigade.
 Constituted 10 Jan. 1942 in the Army as the 720th Military Police Battalion, it was activated during the Second World War at Fort Meade, MD 20 Jan 1942.
 The battalion served during that time while stationed in Australia and New Guinea.
 From there it was relocated to Yokohama, Japan in 2 Sep 1945 until finally moved to Fort Hood, Texas on 21 Feb, 1955.
The 8th Military Police Brigade is a military police brigade of the United States Army based at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii.
 It is responsible for military police units in the Pacific Ocean region.
The 16th Military Police Brigade is a Military Police brigade of the United States Army headquartered at Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
 This military police unit was the only airborne-qualified military police brigade in the United States Army.
 It provides law enforcement and police duties to the Fort Bragg area, and for the XVIII Airborne Corps when deployed.
 As an airborne unit, it was authorized a beret flash and parachute wing trimming, and the shoulder sleeve insignia was authorized to be worn with an airborne tab.
 According to U.S. Army's Institute of Heraldry, the shoulder sleeve insignia "was amended to delete the airborne tab effective 16 October 2008" when jump status was terminated.
The 14th Military Police Brigade is a military police unit stationed at Fort Leonard Wood, in Missouri.
 The 14th Military Police Brigade provides the Army with Soldiers, DA Civilians, and leaders of character who provide the basic and advanced skills required to execute policing, detention, and security mobility support across the range of military operations.
The 759th Military Police Battalion is a military police battalion in the United States Army.
 It is currently stationed at Fort Carson, CO – "The Mountain Post".
 It is administratively controlled by the 43rd Sustainment Brigade at Fort Carson, and is a part of the 89th Military Police Brigade at Fort Hood, Texas.
The 709th Military Police Battalion is a United States Army Military Police unit currently located in Grafenwoehr in Germany.
 The unit falls under the command of the 18th Military Police Brigade, associated with 21st Theater Sustainment Command.
