The General in His Labyrinth (original Spanish title: "El general en su laberinto" ) is a novel by the Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel García Márquez.
 It is a fictionalized account of the last days of Simón Bolívar, liberator and leader of Gran Colombia.
 First published in 1989, the book traces Bolívar's final journey from Bogotá to the Caribbean coastline of Colombia in his attempt to leave South America for exile in Europe.
 In this dictator novel about a continental hero, "despair, sickness, and death inevitably win out over love, health, and life".
 Breaking with the traditional heroic portrayal of Bolívar "El Libertador" , García Márquez depicts a pathetic protagonist, a prematurely aged man who is physically ill and mentally exhausted.
 The story explores the labyrinth of Bolívar's life through the narrative of his memories.
Balasaheb Mahadu Sanap is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
He is a first term member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly.
 he is bjp 1st mayor and 1st vice mayor Nasik municipal corporation.
 He is present city president of bhartiy janta party.
 And he is also president committee of anusuchit jati and jamati of Maharashtra government.
 And vice president committee of mayors of Maharashtra municipal corporation.
James Skivring Smith, Jr. (1891–1950) was a Liberian politician who served as the 21st Vice President of Liberia from 1930 to 1944 under President Edwin Barclay.
 Prior to this, Smith served as superintendent of Grand Bassa County from 1924 to 1927.
 Smith was elected as vice president in a special election held in 1930 following the resignation of President Charles D. B. King and Vice President Allen Yancy after international accusations of government-backed slave labor at the Firestone rubber plantation in Liberia.
 Smith was the son of James Skivring Smith, who served as vice president and president of Liberia in the 19th century.
Jim Lentz is the chief executive officer for Toyota North America; president and chief operating officer of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. (TMA); and a senior managing officer of the parent company Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) which is located in Japan.
 In that role Lentz manages all of Toyota’s North American affiliate companies which include TMA, Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS), and Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing, North America, Inc. (TEMA), which includes responsibilities for Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada Inc. (TMMC), and oversight for Toyota Canada, Inc. (TCI).
 Lentz also serves as the chairman of the North American Executive Committee.
 This is composed of the top leaders from the affiliate companies.
 Most recently Lentz was the president and chief executive officer of TMS and senior vice president of TMA and served in a global advisory capacity as the managing officer for TMC.
 Before that he served as president and chief operating officer and executive vice president of TMS.
 Lentz previously held several executive positions including Toyota division group vice president and general manager where he oversaw all sales, logistics and marketing activities for Toyota and Scion regional sales offices and distributors.
 He also served as the group vice president of marketing for the Toyota division and vice president of Scion, and was responsible for the initial launch of a new line of vehicles.
 Lentz spent several years in the field as vice president and general manager of the Los Angeles region and before that general manager of the San Francisco region.
 Prior to his role as general manager Lentz was vice president of marketing services for CAT in Maryland.
 He has also held several other TMS positions, including field training manager, sales administration manager and truck sales team member.
 Lentz joined Toyota in 1982 as the merchandising manager for its Portland, Oregon region where he later became the distribution manager and field operations manager.
 He serves as chairman on the board of directors of The Global Automakers and is also a member of the executive advisory board for Daniels College of Business at the University of Denver (DU), his alma mater.
 He was named “Marketer of the Year” by Advertising Age in 2006, an Automotive News “All Star” in 2007 and honored at Industry Leader of the year.
In 1974, Republican President Richard Nixon was forced to resign following the Watergate Scandal.
 Vice President Gerald Ford ascended to the presidency, leaving the office of vice president vacant.
 Under the terms of the 25th Amendment, a vice presidential vacancy is filled when the president nominates a candidate who is confirmed by both houses of Congress.
 On August 20, 1974, Ford announced his nomination of former New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller to fill the vacancy.
 Ford also considered picking Tennessee Senator Howard Baker and former Republican National Committee Chairman George H.W. Bush.
 Rockefeller was generally considered to be a liberal Republican, and Ford decided that picking Rockefeller would help his candidacy gain support in the 1976 presidential election.
 The confirmation hearings for Rockefeller lasted for months, but Rockefeller was sworn in as the 41st Vice President of the United States on December 19, 1974.
 Due to the pressure on Ford by the party conservatives, Rockefeller was ultimately passed over for the 1976 ticket, and Ford instead chose Bob Dole as his running mate.
 Ford, however, regreted this move later.
The Vice President of Colombia is the first in the presidential line of succession, becoming the new President of Colombia upon leave of absence or death, resignation, or removal of the President, as designated by the Colombian Constitution of 1991 which also reinstated the vice president figure after almost a century of being abolished during the presidency of Rafael Núñez.
 The Vice President cannot assume Presidential functions on temporary absences of the President such as official trips abroad or vacations.
 In these cases, the President delegates functions to a cabinet member, usually the Minister of the Interior.
 Oscar Naranjo is the current Vice President.
Germán Vargas Lleras (born February 19, 1962) is a Colombian politician who recently served as the 25th Vice President of Colombia under President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón.
 A member of the Radical Change political party, he served four consecutive terms in the Senate, having been elected in 1994.
 German Vargas also served in the Cabinet as the Minister of Interior and then as the Minister of Housing, City and Territory.
 He was elected Vice President of Colombia in 2014, running alongside Juan Manuel Santos who was seeking re-election for a second term as President.
 On the 15th of March 2017, Vargas Lleras resigned as Vice President in order to be eligible to run for President in the 2018 Presidential elections.
Juan Francisco Antonio Hilarión Zea Díaz (born 23 November 1766 – 28 November 1822) was a Colombian journalist, botanist, diplomat, politician, and statesman who served as the 1st Vice President of Colombia under then President Simón Bolívar.
 He was also Ambassador of Colombia to the United Kingdom where he tried in vain to gain recognition for the nascent nation of Colombia.
José Francisco de San Martín y Matorras (25 February 1778 – 17 August 1850), known simply as José de San Martín (] ) or "El Libertador of Argentina, Chile and Peru", was an Argentine general and the prime leader of the southern part of South America's successful struggle for independence from the Spanish Empire who served as the Protector of Peru.
 Born in Yapeyú, Corrientes, in modern-day Argentina, he left his mother country at the early age of seven to study in Málaga, Spain.
Simón José Antonio de la Santísima Trinidad de Bolívar y Palacios (] ; 24 July 1783 – 17 December 1830), generally known as Simón Bolívar and also colloquially as "El Libertador", was a Venezuelan military and political leader who played a leading role in the establishment of Venezuela, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Panama as sovereign states, independent of Spanish rule.
