Joël Robuchon (] , born 7 April 1945 in Poitiers, France) is a French chef and restaurateur.
 He was titled "Chef of the Century" by the guide Gault Millau in 1989, and also awarded the Meilleur Ouvrier de France (France's Best Craftsman) in cuisine in 1976.
 He has published several cookbooks in French, two of which have been translated into English, has chaired the committee for the current edition of the "Larousse Gastronomique", and has hosted culinary television shows in France.
 He operates a dozen restaurants in Bangkok, Bordeaux, Hong Kong, Las Vegas, London, Macau, Monaco, Paris, Singapore, Taipei, and Tokyo, with a total of 28 "Michelin Guide" stars among them – the most of any chef in the world.
Mark Arbeit (born March 15, 1953) is an American photographer known for his celebrity portraiture, fashion and beauty.
 His work has appeared in (France) Vogue, Marie Claire, Cosmopolitan, Figaro Madame, (US) Vanity Fair, InStyle, People, Forbes, (Australia) Harper's Bazaar, Vogue
Marinus ("Rini") Wagtmans (born 26 December 1946 in Sint Willebrord) is a former Dutch professional road bicycle racer.
 He was the nephew of Wout Wagtmans, a former professional who had won the Tour de Romandie stage race in 1952.
 His father was a masseur while Tour de France stage winner Wim van Est was his neighbour.
 In 1968 Rini turned professional.
 The following year he finished third overall in the 1969 Vuelta a España.
 He rode four editions of the Tour de France and won three stages, one in 1970, one in 1971 and one in 1972.
 In the 1970 Tour de France he finished fifth overall.
 In 1971 Tour de France while riding for Molteni, he wore the maillot jaune for one day but teammate and team leader Eddy Merckx took the jersey the following day.
 He also won two stages in the 1970 Vuelta a España.
 Wagtmans was known as one of the best descenders in the peloton and earned him the nickname "witte bles" which is translated as "white blaze".
 Wagtmans ended his career early due to heart problems.
 Afterwards he was a cycling coach, a member for the Royal Dutch Cycling Union, and then a successful businessman.
 In 2005, Wagtmans became a ridder or Dutch knight in the Order of Orange-Nassau.
 In 2006, Wagtmans’ biography was published.
InStyle, published by IPC Media, was a monthly glossy magazine focusing on celebrities and their style.
 The British edition launched in 2001, following the success of the magazine in the US.
 The current editor is Trish Halpin, who commenced the position in September 2006.
 The circulation of "In Style" was currently more than 145,000 in 2013.
 In October 2016 the print version was cancelled and it became a web-only publication.
Avantages is a French-language monthly women's magazine published in Paris, France.
 It is one of the most read women's magazines in the country and is the French edition of the British magazine "Essentials".
InStyle is a monthly women’s fashion magazine published in the US by Time Inc. "InStyle" was founded in 1994.
Fortune de France (English: Fortunes of France ) is a sequence of 13 historical novels by French author Robert Merle, published between 1977 and 2003.
 The series is about 16th and 17th century France through the eyes of a fictitious Huguenot doctor-turned-spy Pierre de Siorac.
 It made Merle a household name in France, with the author repeatedly called the Alexandre Dumas of the 20th century.
 As of 2014, "Fortune de France" had sold over five million copies in France.
Carrie White is an American hairdresser, author, and spokesperson.
 She is known as the "First Lady of Hairdressing," who has styled Jennifer Jones, Betsy Bloomingdale, Elizabeth Taylor, Goldie Hawn, Camille Cosby, Ann-Margret, Elvis Presley, Sharon Tate, Brad Pitt, and Sandra Bullock, among others.
 She collaborated with Richard Avedon on shoots for "Vogue", and her work has appeared in "Harper's Bazaar", "InStyle", "Allure", "Vanity Fair", "Ladies' Home Journal", "Mademoiselle", and "Glamour".
 She is credited as technical advisor on Shampoo and, in 2011, she published her internationally bestselling autobiography, "Upper Cut: Highlights of My Hollywood Life".
New Voyages to North America is a book written by Louis Armand de Lom d’Arce, baron de Lahontan which chronicles the nine years Lahontan spent exploring New France as a soldier in the French Army.
 The book, composed of two volumes, was published in 1703, originally in French as Nouveaux Voyages de Mr. le Baron de Lahontan dans l’Amérique Septentrionale.
 An English edition was produced the same year.
 The book is considered to be the best 17th century work on New France for its detailed descriptions of the environment as well as North American native society.
 Lahontan’s work includes descriptions of the two winters he spent hunting with a group of the Algonquin people.
 Lahontan expresses his opinions of New France and the natives as well as European society through his dialogue between himself and a fictional native, Adario, based on the Huron chief Kondiaronk.
 Though fictional, this dialogue gives insight into his opinions of the native New France and Europe.
 Both volumes provide valuable knowledge and information on the lands of New France from the perspective of a soldier in the French army as well as an explorer who explored the landscape, native peoples and developing economic, social, and political ties between the native peoples and French explorers.
 The importance of the book is expressed by Gordon Sayre: “Lahontan takes a secular perspective throughout his writing which differentiates his works from those of the Jesuits that published during the same time he did”.
 This book is an exploration narrative that tells an explorer's stories but also serves as a historical source for examining the American Indians in the New France region and the connections between the explorers and native peoples.
Ormond is a novel by Maria Edgeworth published in June 1817.
 It tells the story of Harry Ormond, a hero who rises from poverty to wealth.
 Set both in Ireland and France, the novel uses different places to represent different paths that Ormond might take and different political ideologies.
 Ireland and France are shown as linked through their revolutionary fervor.
 In 1798, France had sent aid to the United Irishmen and this tie is hinted at through Ormond's travels.
 However, in the end Ormond chooses to serve in Britain's military, thus signalling Ireland's ties with England rather than its independence or its ties to France.
 The novel thematizes "obedience to tradition and culture", signifying these by allusions to Edmund Burke's "Reflections on the Revolution in France" (1790).
