Joseph S. Krupa, Sr. (July 6, 1933 – September 13, 2011) was a former American football defensive tackle who played nine seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League.
 Krupa was selected to the Pro Bowl after the 1963 season.
 He attended Purdue University.
 Krupa is a member of the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame.
The Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame, located in the Hawthorne Race Course, in Stickney/Cicero, near Chicago, Illinois, honors sports greats associated with the Chicago metropolitan area.
 It was founded in 1979 as a trailer owned by the Olympia Brewing Company parked at Soldier Field in Chicago.
 The Chicago Park District took over the exhibits in 1983.
 From 1988 the exhibits were displayed in Mike Ditka's restaurant until the restaurant closed in 1991.
 The Hall of Fame moved to the Maryville Academy in Des Plaines in 1996 and has operated under the guidance of Father John P. Smyth since that time.
 As of 2008, it was operating at Hawthorne.
The New Mexico Sports Hall of Fame is a sports hall of fame in the U.S. state of New Mexico.
 The hall's mission statement states its purpose is "To induct into the Hall of Fame those athletes, coaches, teams or any other individuals who have had significant careers, achieving high standards of athletic success and/or made contributions to sports, thereby bestowing fame and honor to the state of New Mexico.
 It was first founded in 1973 as the Albuquerque Sports Hall of Fame, and honored those from the Albuquerque region until expanding in 2005 to include other areas of the state.
 In 2014 the hall assumed its current name.
The Hawaii Sports Hall of Fame is a sports hall of fame and museum in the U.S. state of Hawaii.
 According to the hall's official website, it serves as the "state museum for sports history in the islands," and "is best described as an educational repository created to enshrine athletes, pioneers and contributors of Hawai'i's rich sports history."
 The organization was founded in 1997 and a selection committee meets once a year in December.
 The flagship exhibition for the hall is located in the Bishop Museum in Honolulu.
Clyde Emrich (born April 6, 1931 Chicago, Illinois) is a former Olympic weightlifter for the United States.
 He was also a long-time strength coach for the Chicago Bears, who in 2008 named their weight room after him.
 He is a member of the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame.
Thomas William Bettis (March 17, 1933 – February 28, 2015) was an All-American football linebacker, NFL player, and NFL coach.
 After starring at Purdue, Bettis was selected by the Green Bay Packers in the first round of the 1955 NFL Draft.
 He played nine seasons for the Packers, the Pittsburgh Steelers, and the Chicago Bears.
 After his playing career, Bettis went on to coach in the NFL for 30 years, including for the 1969–70 Super Bowl IV champions and the 1966–67 AFL champions, the Kansas City Chiefs.
 Bettis served as interim coach of the Chiefs in 1977 after the firing of Paul Wiggin.
 In seven games as head coach, Bettis compiled a 1–6 record, ending a 12-year stint as a coach of the Chiefs.
 He returned in 1988 to be the defensive backs coach of the Chiefs.
 He was inducted into both the Purdue University Athletic Hall of Fame and the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame.
Lemuel Joseph Barney (born September 8, 1945) is a former American football player.
 A native of Gulfport, Mississippi, he played college football at Jackson State from 1964 to 1966.
 He was drafted by the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL) and played for the Lions as a cornerback, return specialist, and punter from 1967 to 1977.
 He was selected as the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year in 1967, played in seven Pro Bowls, and was selected as a first-team All-NFL player in 1968 and 1969.
 He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1992.
 He has also been inducted into the Detroit Lions Hall of Fame, the Jackson State Sports Hall of Fame, the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame, and the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame.
Carmen Salvino (born November 23, 1933 in Chicago) is a retired professional ten-pin bowler, inventor, author, ambassador, and a founding member of the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA).
 Known as "PBA's Original Showman", Salvino has won 17 PBA Tour titles –- among them the 1962 PBA National Championship where he defeated fellow bowling legend Don Carter in the finals.
 He also won two PBA Senior Tour titles, including the 1984 Senior National Championship.
 The right-handed bowler was among the eight original inductees to the PBA Hall of Fame in 1975, and is also a member of the USBC Hall of Fame (inducted 1979), the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame (inducted 1985), the Illinois Sports Hall of Fame, and the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame.
Chet Coppock is an American radio broadcaster, television broadcaster, sports talk personality and author based in Chicago.
 He is preparing to publish his fourth book in Fall 2017.
 Coppock currently hosts the Chicago Blackhawks Heritage Series, and emcees corporate sponsorship events for the Blackhawks featuring former NHL stars such as Bobby Hull, Tony Esposito and Denis Savard.
 He is an occasional contributor to the "Rant and Rave" segment on FOX 32 Chicago (WFLD) with Lou Canellis.
 In 2013, Coppock was inducted into the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame and honored with the Jack Brickhouse Lifetime Achievement Award.
Casimir Joseph Banaszek (born December 24, 1945) is a former professional American football offensive lineman who played ten seasons with the San Francisco 49ers.
 He played his college football at Northwestern University, and has been named to the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame.
