Robert Lane Greene is an American journalist, best known for his work for "The Economist" and his book about the politics of language, "You Are What You Speak: Grammar Grouches, Language Laws, and the Politics of Identity", published by Delacorte Press in 2011.
 "Publishers Weekly" described the book as "drawing from such sources such as the Tower of Babel, the Balkan Wars and the Ebonics controversy, to explain how the claims people make about 'their' specific language are really about identity politics."
 He has written a regular column for "The New Republic" website.
 He has also written for "The New York Times", "Slate" and a number of other publications.
Jay Bennett (December 24, 1912 - June 27, 2009) was an American author and two-time winner of the Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America.
 Bennett won the Edgar for Best Juvenile novel in 1974 and 1975, for The Long Black Coat (Delacorte Press) and The Dangling Witness (Delacorte Press), respectively.
 He was the first author to win an Edgar in consecutive years.
 A third book, The Skeleton Man (Franklin Watts), was nominated in 1987.
 Bennett is best known among English teachers and young adults for these and other juvenile mysteries, like Deathman, Do Not Follow Me (Scholastic).
Scientology: The Now Religion is a non-fiction book on Scientology, written by George Malko.
 The book was the first full length analysis of the history surrounding the founding of the Church of Scientology, and L. Ron Hubbard.
 The author conducted interviews with members, and provides analysis about certain practices.
 The book was published in 1970 in Hardcover format by Delacorte Press, and then in a paperback edition in 1971, by Dell Publishing.
The Fever Code is a 2016 young adult dystopian science fiction novel written by American author James Dashner and published on September 27, 2016 by Delacorte Press.
 It is the second prequel book in "The Maze Runner" series and the fifth installment overall.
 The book is chronologically set in between the events of "The Kill Order" and immediately before "The Maze Runner" book.
est: Playing the Game the New Way is a non-fiction book by Carl Frederick, first published in 1976, by Delacorte Press, New York.
 The book describes in words the basic message of Werner Erhard's Erhard Seminars Training ("est") theatrical experience.
 Erhard/est sued in federal court in the United States to stop the book from publication, but the suit failed.
 The book takes a 'trainer's' approach to the est experience, in that it essentially duplicates the est training, citing examples and using jargon from the actual experience.
The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics is a set of two books combining the lyrics of songs by The Beatles with accompanying illustrations and photographs, many by leading artists of the period.
 Comments from The Beatles on the origins of the songs are also included.
 The book was edited by Alan Aldridge, who also provided many of the illustrations.
 The books were published in the UK by Macdonald Unit 75 (later Macdonald & Co) in 1969 and 1971, and in the US by Delacorte Press/Seymour Lawrence.
 The book was reprinted as one volume in 1999 by Black Dog & Leventhal, and in a signed limited edition in 2012.
 Some of the illustrations were fan art solicited by Aldridge.
The Kill Order is a 2012 young adult dystopian science fiction novel written by American author James Dashner and published on August 14, 2012 by Delacorte Press.
 It is the first prequel book in "The Maze Runner" series and the fourth installment overall.
 The book is set prior to the events of "The Fever Code" and 13 years before "The Maze Runner" book.
Starters is a novel by Lissa Price.
 The book was published on March 12, 2012 by Delacorte Press and has been published in German, Greek, Dutch, Italian, French, Portuguese, Turkish and Spanish.
 Price has announced a sequel to the book entitled "Enders", with screen rights to the series currently being shopped.
 Price stated that she came up with the idea for the novel after trying to receive a flu shot and was turned away due to a lack of available vaccines.
Betrayal is a novel by Danielle Steel, published by Delacorte Press in July 2012.
 The book is Steel's eighty-sixth novel, and (including non-fiction and children's books) her 104th book overall.
 It reached number 3 in the New York Times hardback fiction bestsellers chart.
 It is also available in audio book, read by Renee Raudman.
William O'Rourke (born 1945) is an American writer of both novels and volumes of nonfiction; he is the author of the novels "The Meekness of Isaac" (Thomas Y. Crowell, Co., 1974), "Idle Hands" (Delacorte Press, 1981), "Criminal Tendencies" (E. P. Dutton, 1987), and "Notts" (Marlowe & Co, 1996), as well as the nonfiction books, "The Harrisburg 7 and the New Catholic Left" (Thomas Y. Crowell, Co., 1972), "Signs of the Literary Times: Essays, Reviews, Profiles" (SUNY Press, 1993), and "On Having a Heart Attack: A Medical Memoir" (U of Notre Dame P, 2006).
 He is the editor of "On the Job: Fiction About Work by Contemporary American Writers" (Random House, 1977) and the co-editor of "Notre Dame Review: The First Ten Years" (U of Notre Dame P, 2009).
 His book, "Campaign America ‘96: The View From the Couch", first published in 1997 (Marlowe & Co.), was reissued in paperback with a new, updated epilogue in 2000.
 A sequel, "Campaign America 2000: The View From the Couch", was published in 2001 (PreviewPort Editions).
