Jiashan Senior High School (Chinese: 嘉善高级中学), formerly known as Jiashan County Junior High School, Jiashan County First Junior High School, and Jiashan Second High School, was founded in September, 1926.
 It is the earliest established high school in Jiashan County, and is a key high school in Zhejiang Province.
 In August, 2001, the school was relocated to a new site, 318 Jiashan People Ave., and was renamed Jiashan Senior High School.
Sacred Heart Catholic High School is a secondary school of the Ottawa Catholic School Board in Ottawa, Ontario Canada.
 It serves as a middle school and also as a high school, having classes from grades seven to twelve.
 The team name is the Sacred Heart Huskies with the colours white, red and black.
 Some of Sacred Heart's feeder schools include: Guardian Angels Catholic Elementary School, Holy Spirit Catholic Elementary School, St. Phillips Catholic Elementary School, St. Stephen's Catholic Elementary school, Sittsville Public School and Westwind Public School, among others.
 The school is run in the district of John Curry the local trustee of zone 1.
 Sacred Heart is the largest high school in Ontario according to student population.
Mercy Cross High School was a private, Roman Catholic high school in Biloxi, Mississippi, founded in 1981.
 It was the merger of two of Biloxi's most iconic high schools, Sacred Heart High School and Notre Dame High School.
 Sacred Heart was the all girls school while Notre Dame was the all boys school.
 Mercy Cross was the co-ed merger of the two.
 The name, Mercy Cross, was derived from the Sisters of Mercy and the Brothers of the Holy Cross who taught students at schools in the diocese for decades.
 Feeder schools included Nativity BVM Elementary, Our Lady of Fatima Elementary, Sacred Heart Elementary, and St. Alphonsus Elementary.
Robertson High School (RHS) is a public senior high school in Las Vegas, New Mexico.
 The school is part of the Las Vegas City Schools District in former East Las Vegas.
 The building dates from about 1945, when it was known as Las Vegas High School.
 The school was renamed Las Vegas Robertson High School in 1958, after the old Las Vegas High School burned down and a new building was constructed.
 W. J. Robertson had been the Superintendent of the Las Vegas City Schools since 1941 when he suffered a fatal heart attack on November 26, 1956 at the age of 55.
 Mr. Robertson, born in Kansas on November 3, 1901 also served as Principal at Las Vegas High School for many years prior.
 The colors of RHS are red and white, their mascot is the Cardinal.
 The enrollment currently stands at 607.
Sacred Heart High School is a co-educational private, Roman Catholic high school in Yonkers, New York.
 It is in the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.
 It is the only Catholic high school in Yonkers.
 It was founded in 1923 and named after the most holy Sacred Heart of Jesus.
 At the time of its founding, the Sacred Heart community was predominantly composed of Irish-American immigrants, which has had a large influence on the school's image and mascot.
 Sacred Heart is known as "The Fighting Irish".
Stuart Hall for Boys is a private Roman Catholic school located in San Francisco, California, and is part of the Schools of the Sacred Heart network.
 Founded in 1887 as an independent, Catholic school, Schools of the Sacred Heart San Francisco carry on the educational mission of the Religious of the Sacred Heart.
 It is associated with Stuart Hall High School, Convent of the Sacred Heart Elementary School and Convent of the Sacred Heart High School.
 The schools are fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, the California Association of Independent Schools and the Network of Sacred Heart Schools and receive no financial support from either the Roman Catholic Church or the Society of the Sacred Heart.
Murray High School is the only high school in the Murray City School District in Murray, Utah.
 Murray High School is one of the smallest high schools in the Salt Lake City metropolitan area with 1,465 students enrolled in the 2016-2017 school year.
 The school enrolls students in grades 10-12.
 The school's mascot is the Spartan, and the school colors are a orange and black.
 Murray High is a 5-A school in Utah's 6 Division high school sports leagues (1A being the smallest, and 6A being the largest).
 The Disney Channel reality show "" was shot on the Murray High campus in 2008, and "American Idol" season 7 runner-up David Archuleta attended the school.
 The school also offers the highest number of Salt Lake Community College Concurrent Enrollment classes in the state of Utah.
Stuart Hall High School is an all boys college-preparatory high school located in San Francisco's Pacific Heights district.
 Stuart Hall High School is a relatively new school, opening in the fall of 2000.
 Together, Stuart Hall High School, Convent of the Sacred Heart High School, Convent Elementary, and Stuart Hall for Boys, is part of an international network of schools known as the Schools of the Sacred Heart.
William R. Boone High School is a public high school in Orlando, Florida, United States.
 Built in 1952, the school is one of twenty high schools in the Orange County Public Schools system, created to accommodate the growing number of students at Orlando High School.
 The plan involved building two high schools, Orlando North and Orlando South, to take the place of Orlando High School and convert the old high school facilities into what is now Howard Middle School.
 The last principal of Orlando High School, William R. Boone, died of a heart condition before the two new schools were opened, so the school board dedicated one of the high schools in his memory, then christened Orlando North as Edgewater High School after its surrounding community.
Miami Senior High School is a public high school located at 2450 SW 1st Street in Miami, Florida, United States, and operated by Miami-Dade County Public Schools.
 Founded in 1903, it is the oldest high school in Miami-Dade County.
 The school building is famous for its architecture and is a historic landmark.
 Miami Senior High School has a rich alumni base, with many graduates of the high school going on to varied, prominent careers.
 The high school originally served the earliest settling families of Miami in the first half of the 20th century.
 By the late 1960s, with an increase in Miami's population, its student body grew at a fast pace.
