The Monte Carlo Resort and Casino is a megaresort hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States.
 The hotel, with a height of 360 ft , has 32 floors, featuring a 102000 sqft casino floor with 1,400 slot machines, 60 table games, and 15 poker tables.
 It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International.
 The hotel offers 2,992 guest rooms, including 259 luxury suites.
 It is being converted from late 2016 to 2018 into the Park MGM, with the upper floors converted into a boutique hotel, NoMad Las Vegas.
Stephen Alan Wynn ("né" Weinberg; born January 27, 1942) is an American real estate businessman and art collector.
 He is known for his involvement in the American luxury casino and hotel industry.
 Early in his career he oversaw the construction and operation of several notable Las Vegas and Atlantic City hotels, including the Golden Nugget, the Golden Nugget Atlantic City, The Mirage, Treasure Island, the Bellagio, and Beau Rivage in Mississippi, and he played a pivotal role in the resurgence and expansion of the Las Vegas Strip in the 1990s.
 In 2000, Wynn sold his company Mirage Resorts to MGM Grand Inc., resulting in the formation of MGM Mirage (now MGM Resorts International).
 Wynn afterwards took his company Wynn Resorts public in an initial public offering, and he remains Wynn Resorts' CEO and Chairman of the Board.
 He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Wynn is the finance chair of the Republican National Committee (RNC) since 2017.
MGM Resorts International is a global hospitality and entertainment company operating destination resorts in Las Vegas, Mississippi, New Jersey and Detroit, including Bellagio, MGM Grand, Mandalay Bay and The Mirage.
 The company recently opened MGM National Harbor in Maryland and is developing MGM Springfield in Massachusetts.
 It has a majority interest in MGM China Holdings Limited, which owns the MGM Macau resort and casino and is developing a gaming resort in Cotai.
 MGM Resorts owns 50 percent of CityCenter in Las Vegas, which features ARIA Resort & Casino.
 It has a majority controlling interest in MGM Growth Properties, a real estate investment trust.
Delano Las Vegas, (formerly known as THEhotel), is a 45-story 1,117 room luxury suite hotel.
 It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International.
 It is located within the Mandalay Bay complex on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 It was renovated and rebranded as the Delano Las Vegas on September 2, 2014, under a partnership between MGM and Morgans Hotel Group.
Slots-A-Fun Casino is a casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
 It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International.
 It is adjacent to Circus Circus Las Vegas.
New York-New York Hotel & Casino is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip at 3790 Las Vegas Boulevard South, in Paradise, Nevada.
 It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International.
Circus Circus Las Vegas is a hotel, 123928 sqft casino, and RV park located on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester, Nevada.
 It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International.
 Circus Circus features circus acts and carnival type games daily on the Midway.
MGM Growth Properties LLC is a real estate investment trust that invests in large-scale destination entertainment and leisure resorts.
 As of December 31, 2016, the company owned 11 properties operated by MGM Resorts International, comprising 27,233 hotel rooms.
 The company leases the properties to MGM Resorts International via NNN Leases for an annual payment of $745 million.
Corey Sanders has served as Chief Operating Officer of MGM Resorts International since June 2010.
 He oversees operations at the Company’s wholly owned properties, which in Nevada include Bellagio (resort), MGM Grand Las Vegas, Mandalay Bay, The Mirage, New York-New York Hotel and Casino, Monte Carlo Resort and Casino, Luxor Las Vegas, Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Circus Circus Las Vegas, Circus Circus Reno, Gold Strike Jean and Railroad Pass Casino.
 He also oversees Beau Rivage (Mississippi) in Biloxi and Gold Strike Tunica, both in Mississippi, as well as MGM Grand Detroit.
CityCenter (also known as CityCenter Las Vegas) is a 16797000 sqft mixed-use, urban complex on 76 acre located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 The project was started by MGM Resorts International; Dubai World became a joint partner during the project's construction phase.
 It is the largest privately funded construction project in the history of the United States.
 The project is connected by a people mover system to adjacent MGM properties Monte Carlo Las Vegas and Bellagio Las Vegas.
 As of 2015, the "CityCenter" branding has been largely retired, with the focus instead on the Aria brand of the development's centerpiece property in names such as the "Aria Express" (formerly "CityCenter Tram") and "Aria Art Collection" (formerly "CityCenter Art Collection").
