Bokuzen Hidari (左 卜全 , Hidari Bokuzen , 20 February 1894 - 26 May 1971) was a Japanese actor and comedian born in Kotesashi Village (now part of Tokorozawa), Iruma District, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.
 He appeared in such films as Akira Kurosawa's "Seven Samurai", "The Lower Depths" and "Ikiru".
 Hidari was famous among Japanese audiences for his portrayals of meek, downtrodden men, and although a teetotaller, was renowned for his convincing drunk scenes (see esp. "
Ikiru").
Shaheed K. Woods (born Shaheed Kamal Jihad Woods) is an American actor, comedian born and raised in Jersey City, New Jersey.
 He is best known for "A Gentleman", "Midnight Delight", "Life!
 Camera Action..." earning him accolades.
Marty Belafsky (born September 19, 1975) is an American actor/comedian born in Los Angeles, California.
 He began acting professionally at age 13 and was soon cast as Louis Plumb on the short-lived NBC series "Hull High".
 Shortly thereafter, Belafsky landed the role of Crutchy in the Disney musical film, "Newsies".
 He continued acting through his teens, making appearances in such television shows as "The Wonder Years", "Great Scott" and "Step By Step" and the film "Wrestling Ernest Hemingway".
 Belafsky also voiced Kent Swanson in the video game series "Dead Rising" released in 2006.
Helen Atkinson-Wood (born 14 March 1955) is an English actress and comedian born in Cheadle Hulme, Cheshire.
Roseann O'Donnell (born March 21, 1962) is an American comedian, actress, author, and television personality.
 She has been a magazine editor and continues to be a celebrity blogger, a lesbian rights activist, a television producer, and a collaborative partner in the LGBT family vacation company, R Family Vacations.
Chandra Lee Schwartz (born August 18, 1981) is an American theatre performer, who most recently played Glinda on the First National Tour of "Wicked" from Friday, 21 August 2009, through Sunday, 17 April 2011.
 She originally starred alongside Donna Vivino as Elphaba, who was later replaced by Jackie Burns.
 Schwartz recently reprised the role of Glinda in the Broadway production of "Wicked" beginning September 27, 2011.
 Her final performance was held on October 14, 2012 alongside former national tour co-star, Jackie Burns.
 She returned to the role of Glinda on the First National Tour, on July 29, 2014, with Emma Hunton as Elphaba.
 She closed the production, alongside Jennifer DiNoia as Elphaba, on March 15, 2015.
 Schwartz was recently cast as Annie in the upcoming world premiere of a musical adaptation of "Sleepless in Seattle".
Tim Bedore (born c. 1957) is an American comedian born in Chicago, IL.
 His parents moved to Stevens Point, Wisconsin when he was a child.
 He attended Pacelli High School (Wisconsin) in Stevens Point and the Appleton High School-West, where he graduated.
Seattle Sounders FC 2 (nicknamed S2) is an American soccer club based in Seattle, Washington that competes in the United Soccer League, the third tier of the United States Soccer Pyramid, as the reserve team of Seattle Sounders FC.
 The club was founded on October 14, 2014, and played its first match on March 21, 2015, at the Starfire Sports Complex in Tukwila.
 Seattle Sounders FC 2 is operated and managed by Seattle Sounders FC, while 20 percent of the club is fan-owned through the non-profit Sounders Community Trust.
 Sounders assistant coach Ezra Hendrickson was named the team's coach on November 13, 2014.
Yannis Pappas is a Greek-American comedian born and raised in Park Slope Brooklyn, New York.
 Both of his parents, Anna and Chris, practiced law.
 He is the youngest of three children.
 He has two older brothers, Peter and Nikos Pappas.
 His brother Peter is also a lawyer who worked for the Clinton and Obama administrations.
 Yannis attended college at the American University in Washington, D.C. where he studied American Studies and History.
 Pappas previously also worked in the social work field where he participated in 9/11 disaster relief for two and a half years and worked with the mentally ill and people dealing with homelessness for three years with Lutheran Social Services.
Barry Allen Ackerley (April 15, 1934 – March 21, 2011) was an American businessman.
 He was the former Chairman and CEO of the Ackerley Group media company.
 He was the owner of the Seattle SuperSonics basketball franchise from 1983 to 2001.
 Ackerley died on March 21, 2011, two days after suffering a stroke.
