The Damascus Declaration (Arabic: إعلان دمشق‎ ‎ ) was a statement of unity by Syrian opposition figures issued in October 2005.
 It criticized the Syrian government as "authoritarian, totalitarian and cliquish," and called for "peaceful, gradual," reform "founded on accord, and based on dialogue and recognition of the other."
The Communist Labour Party (Arabic: حزب العمل الشيوعي‎ ‎ "Hizb Al-'Amal Al-Shuyu'iy"; also translated as the "Party for Communist Action") is a Syrian communist party active in the 1980s and early 1990s.
 The party, a Marxist–Leninist splinter group from the Syrian Communist Party, was first formed in August 1976 as the "League for Communist Action," and was renamed to "Communist Labor Party" on 6 August 1981.
 The party, banned by the government of Syria since its establishment, was victim to a number of crackdowns, where 200 of its members were arrested in 1986 alone.
 21 members were sentenced by the Supreme State Security Court for "membership in a secret organization created to change the economic or social structure of the state".
 Amnesty International protested on behalf of the prisoners.
 The party continued to secretly distribute its publications–"ar-Raya al-Hamra'a" (""The Red Banner""), "ash-Shyu'i" (""The Communist""), "al-Brulitari" (""The Proletarian"")–until 1991.
 On 6 August 2003, the party announced its return to the political scene in a statement, followed by a new publication called "al-An" (""Now"").
The Hoover Moratorium was a public statement issued by U.S. President Herbert Hoover on June 20, 1931, which he hoped would ease the coming international economic crisis, as well as provide time for recovery.
 Hoover's proposition was to put a one-year moratorium on payments of World War I and other war debt, postponing the initial payments, as well as interest.
 Many were outraged by this idea.
 This statement was met with disapproval from France, as well as many US citizens.
 Despite this negative reaction, it went on to gain support from fifteen nations by July 6.
 The moratorium was approved by Congress in December.
The Declaration to the Seven was a document written by the British diplomat Sir Henry McMahon and released on June 16, 1918 in response to a memorandum issued anonymously by seven Syrian notables in Cairo who were members of the newly formed Party of Syrian Unity, established in the wake of the Balfour Declaration and the November 23, 1917 publication by the Bolsheviks of the secret May 1916 Sykes-Picot Agreement between Britain and France.
 The memorandum requested a "guarantee of the ultimate independence of Arabia".
 The Declaration stated the British policy that the future government of the regions of the Ottoman Empire occupied by Allies of World War I "should be based upon the principle of the consent of the governed".
A retraction is a public statement made to correct a previously made statement that was incorrect, invalid, or in error.
The Statement of 1000 was a statement by 1000 Syrian intellectuals in January 2001, during the Damascus Spring, following the earlier Statement of 99 made in September 2000.
 The Statement of 1000 was more detailed than the earlier statement, criticising the effective one-party rule of the Ba'ath Party and calling for multiparty democracy, with an independent judiciary and without discrimination against women.
A retraction is a public statement made about an earlier statement that withdraws, cancels, refutes, or reverses the original statement or ceases and desists from publishing the original statement.
 The retraction may be initiated by the editors of a journal, or by the author(s) of the papers (or their institution).
 Retractions may or may not be accompanied by the author's further explanation as to how the original statement came to be made and/or what subsequent events, discoveries, or experiences led to the subsequent retraction.
 They are also in some cases accompanied by apologies for previous error and/or expressions of gratitude to persons who disclosed the error to the author.
The Syrian Emergency Task Force (SETF) is a United States-based organization that advocates for the armed overthrow of the government of Syria.
 It first gained widespread public attention in the wake of the Elizabeth O'Bagy resume padding scandal; O'Bagy had served as a paid lobbyist for the group.
 The group's primary activity is advocating for U.S. military involvement in the Syrian Civil War through congressional office visits, media awareness campaigns, and organizing junkets for key U.S. foreign policy decisionmakers.
 According to SETF, it is also committed to supporting the overthrow of the government of Cuba; a statement co-signed by it and the Florida-based Cuban exile organization "Assembly of the Resistance" declared it would work for "the overthrow of the dictatorial regimes of Assad and Castro."
Mainstream Science on Intelligence was a public statement issued by a group of academic researchers in fields associated with intelligence testing that claimed to present those findings widely accepted in the expert community.
 It was originally published in the "Wall Street Journal" on December 13, 1994 as a response to what the authors viewed as the inaccurate and misleading reports made by the media regarding academic consensus on the results of intelligence research in the wake of the appearance of "The Bell Curve" by Richard Herrnstein and Charles Murray earlier the same year.
 It was drafted by professor of psychology Linda Gottfredson, sent to 131 researchers, and signed by 52 university professors specializing in intelligence and related fields, including around one third of the editorial board of the journal "Intelligence", in which it was subsequently reprinted in 1997.
 The 1997 editorial prefaced a special volume of "Intelligence" with contributions from a wide array of psychologists.
The Iraq Inquiry (also referred to as the Chilcot Inquiry after its chairman, Sir John Chilcot) was a British public inquiry into the nation's role in the Iraq War.
 The inquiry was announced in 2009 by Prime Minister Gordon Brown and published in 2016 with a public statement by Chilcot.
