Liam Lis is a fifteen year old pop singer/songwriter from New York City.
 He is signed to Lava / Republic Records.
Siegel+Gale is a branding firm founded in 1969 by Alan Siegel and Robert Gale.
 David Srere and Howard Belk act as Co-CEOs.
 Siegel+Gale is a part of Omnicom Group (NYSE-OMC).
 The firm is headquartered in New York City with offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, London, Dubai, and Shanghai.
 It serves a wide range of corporate, non-profit, and government clients.
 Its corporate tagline is “Simple is Smart.”
Spencer Bell (September 25, 1887 – August 18, 1935) was an American stage and film actor, best known for playing opposite Larry Semon in many of his silent comedy shorts from the late 1910s to 1928.
 Bell was one of the first African American comedic actors of the silent film era, and was the first to be signed to film contract.
 Over the course of his fifteen year film career, Bell appeared in more than seventy comedy shorts.
Michael Robert Gale (born May 25, 1951) is an American screenwriter, producer and film director.
 He famously co-wrote the science fiction film "Back to the Future" with writing partner Robert Zemeckis, and the screenplays for the film's two sequels.
 Gale also co-produced all three films, and served as associate producer on the subsequent animated TV series.
Reconstructing Amelia is the 2013 debut novel of American author Kimberly McCreight.
 It was first published in hardback in the United States on April 2, 2013, through Harper and received a paperback release on December 3 of the same year.
 An audiobook edition narrated by Khristine Hvam was released the following year through HarperCollins Audio and Blackstone Audio.
 McCreight did not write the book with a specific age group in mind and after completing the work commented to a friend that she "might have written an adult-YA crossover."
 The novel is told through three alternating points of view, that of fifteen year old Amelia Baron, her single mother, Kate, and an anonymous blog called gRaCeFULLY.
Sujangphaa was the king of the Ahom kingdom from 1407 CE to 1422 CE.
 He was the eldest of King Sudangphaa's three sons.
 After the death of his father at an early age, Sujangphaa ascended the throne in 1407 CE.
 Nothing of any importance was recorded in the chronicles of Ahom during his fifteen year long reign.
 He died in 1422 CE and was succeeded by his son, Suphakphaa.
Robert Gale is principal trombone with The Philadelphia Brass, the Opera Company of Philadelphia, the Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia and a member of the pit orchestra of the Walnut Street Theatre.
 He has been a member of the music faculties of Swarthmore College and Valley Forge Military Academy and is currently on the faculty of The College of New Jersey.
 He has performed with the St. Louis and Richmond Symphonies and has recorded extensively for many vocal artists, television and major motion pictures.
 After graduating from the University of Illinois Bob began fifteen years of touring with the swing bands of Glenn Miller, Les Elgart, Jimmy Dorsey, and Bob Crosby, and the back-up bands for Bob Hope, Johnny Mathis, Donna Summer, Vic Damone, The Temptations, Manhattan Transfer, Natalie Cole and numerous others.
The Constitutional Court of the Republic of Abkhazia was created in 2016.
 Judges are elected by the People's Assembly with a two-thirds majority for fifteen year terms and may not be re-elected.
 Candidates are nominated by the President and must have a law degree, at least fifteen years experience in a legal profession and must at least forty years old.
 A group of at least one third of all deputies may formally propose candidates to the President.
15 is the two disc "Fifteen Year Anniversary Collection" from Phatfish, released in 2008.
 It contains 32 songs from the collection of Phatfish albums and EPs spanning back to 1994.
 The most recent tracks are taken from 2007's "Guaranteed".
The Honda Deauville, also designated the NT650V and NT700V, is a mid-range touring motorcycle manufactured and marketed by Honda over a fifteen year production run (1998-2013) spanning three generations — and named after the French seaside resort.
