Synodontis woleuensis is a species of upside-down catfish native to Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.
 It was first described in 2008 by American zoologists John P. Friel and John P. Sullivan.
 The original holotypes were collected in the Woleu-Ntem Province, Gabon.
 The specific name ""woleuensis"" is derived from the Woleu River, where the specimens were originally collected.
John P. McConnell is the CEO of Worthington Industries and the son of philanthropist, Worthington Industries founder and Columbus Blue Jackets founder John H. McConnell.
 John P. McConnell began his career at Worthington in 1975 as a general laborer in a Louisville, Kentucky steel plant.
 He also worked as a sales representative for two of Worthington's divisions.
 McConnell served as corporate personnel director and has been instrumental in administering the company's highly recognized employee-based policies.
 He was appointed vice president and general manager of the company's largest steel facility in Columbus, Ohio in 1985.
The Montgomery County Sheriff's Office provides police protection for Montgomery County, Pennsylvania in conjunction with local and Pennsylvania State Police.
 Pennsylvania law calls for the Sheriff to be elected every four years.
 Sheriff John P. Durante died suddenly on February 10, 2010 and Chief Deputy Sheriff Alfred J. Ricci became the Acting Sheriff.
 On May 6, 2011, Eileen Whalon Behr, who had been appointed Sheriff by the Governor and confirmed by the Pennsylvania Senate, was sworn in to serve the balance of John P. Durante's term.
 Behr had previously served as Chief of Police in Whitemarsh Township.
 Behr was subsequently elected to a full four-year term on November 8, 2011.
John P. Scripps Newspapers was an American newspaper chain founded by John P. Scripps, a grandson of E.W. Scripps, in 1928, and headquartered in San Diego.
 Its newspapers were concentrated in the western United States.
 The E. W. Scripps Company bought John P. Scripps in 1986.
USS "John P. Kennedy", the former wooden sailing ship "Sea Nymph", was a supply ship of the US Navy.
 She was purchased at New York City in 1853 to participate in an expedition to the North Pacific Ocean to explore for commercial and naval purposes waters in the area of the Bering Straits and the China Seas, which were "frequented by American whale ships and trading vessels in their routes between the United States and China."
 The expedition, under Commander Cadwalader Ringgold, besides supply ship "John P. Kennedy", consisted of sloop-of-war "Vincennes" (flagship), brig "Porpoise" , schooner "Fenimore Cooper" , and bark "John Hancock" .
SS "John P. Gaines" was a Liberty ship built during World War II, and named for politician John P. Gaines.
USS "John P. Murtha" (LPD-26), is the 10th "San Antonio"-class amphibious transport dock ship of the United States Navy and is named in honor of Congressman John Murtha (1932–2010) of Pennsylvania.
 "John P. Murtha" is homeported at Naval Base San Diego.
The Cochran Grange, also known as John P. Cochran House, is a historic home located in Middletown, New Castle County, Delaware.
 It was built between 1842 and 1845, and consists of a two-story, five bay, main block with a two-story wing.
 The design is influenced by the Greek Revival, Italianate, and Georgian styles.
 The house features a two-story porch supported by Doric order columns and a flat roof surmounted by a square cupola.
 Cochran Grange was the home of John P. Cochran, 43rd Governor of Delaware (1875–1879).
The North Carolina gubernatorial election of 1980 was held on November 4, 1980.
 Despite North Carolina going to Ronald Reagan in the presidential race and the U.S. Senate race being won by a Republican (John P. East), popular Democratic Governor Jim Hunt won a second term in office in a landslide over I. Beverly Lake.
 Hunt thus became the first governor of the state elected to a consecutive four-year term, following an amendment to the North Carolina Constitution allowing such a run.
John Price Buchanan (October 24, 1847May 14, 1930) was an American politician and farmers' advocate.
 He served as Governor of Tennessee from 1891 to 1893, and was president of the Tennessee Farmers' Alliance and Laborers' Union in the late 1880s.
 Buchanan's lone term as governor was largely marred by the Coal Creek War, an armed uprising by coal miners aimed at ending the state's convict lease system.
