Peter Bardens (19 June 1944 – 22 January 2002) was an English keyboardist and a founder member of the British progressive rock group Camel.
 He played keyboards, sang, and wrote songs with Andrew Latimer.
 During his career, Bardens worked alongside Rod Stewart, Mick Fleetwood and Van Morrison, and recorded solo albums.
Peter Oxendale (b. 1951/1952(age –) ) is an English forensic musicologist and an expert witness on copyright infringement in music.
 He was involved as an expert in the notable Blurred Lines lawsuit.
 He was a keyboardist in the glam rock bands Sparks and Jet and musical director for Chris de Burgh.
 Oxendale also played keyboards on Ian Hunter's "Overnight Angels" album in 1977.
 He also played keyboards for 1980s pop group Dead Or Alive, and played live keyboards for Frankie Goes To Hollywood.
Anita Live!
 was a concert tour by American recording artist Anita Baker.
 After taking an eight-year hiatus from touring to spend more time with her family, in 2002 Baker decided to perform again.
 Baker performed seven dates in December, which eventually led to a two-year outing in North America, from 2003 to 2004.
"Giving You the Best That I Got" is a 1988 song by American R&B recording artist Anita Baker.
 The song appears on Baker's album of the same name, which was released in the fall of that year.
 The song was written by Baker, Skip Scarborough and Randy Holland.
The Compositions World Tour was a concert tour in 1990 by American recording artist Anita Baker in support of her "Platinum" selling album "Compositions".
 The tour was to kick-off in early May with four sold-out shows at the Sunrise Music Theatre in Miami, Florida.
 The dates where soon cancelled due to Baker becoming vocally ill the prior week before the scheduled shows.
 The tour resumed in late May with dates scheduled in North America and Europe.
 Baker performed four-consecutive shows in various cities in North America, which included Merrillville, Indiana and Miami, Florida.
Robbie Patton is an English singer-songwriter.
 His first major exposure came in 1979 when he was selected as the opening act for a Fleetwood Mac tour.
 Mac member Christine McVie would go on to produce Patton's second and third albums and played keyboards on them; Lindsey Buckingham played guitar on Patton's hit single, "Don't Give it Up", and Stevie Nicks sang on "Smiling Islands".
 Patton returned the favour by co-writing the hit "Hold Me", which appeared on Fleetwood Mac's 1982 album, "Mirage".
 Patton wrote songs for Jonathan Cain and Santana later in the 1980s.
Gordon Anthony Chambers (c. 1969) is an American singer-songwriter and record producer who has written songs for more than 75 recording artists including Angie Stone, Yolanda Adams, The Isley Brothers, Brandy, Trey Songz, Chaka Khan, Patti Labelle, Usher, Marc Anthony, Jamie Foxx, Aretha Franklin, Whitney Houston and Beyoncé Knowles.
 His number-1 hits as lyricist include Anita Baker's Grammy-winning hit "I Apologize", Brownstone's Grammy-nominated hit "If You Love Me", Angie Stone's "No More Rain (In This Cloud)", the Grammy-nominated theme of 1996's "Set It Off" "Missing You" (performed by Brandy, Tamia, Gladys Knight and Chaka Khan) and Yolanda Adams "Someone Watching Over Me".
 He is the winner of eight awards from the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), has four Dove Award nominations, and his songs have been nominated for three Grammy Awards. Anita Baker won a Grammy for "I Apologize", which Chambers wrote.
 His songs have been performed at the Essence Awards, American Music Awards, the Goodwill Games and the White House.
 His prestigious appearances, in addition to acclaimed European and Japanese tours,have included the Essence Music Festival, the Congressional Black Caucus, the Apollo Theater, Constitution Hall, B. B King's and the Kennedy Center.
Ian M. McElroy is a musician from Omaha, Nebraska, who played keyboards for Desaparecidos from 2001 to 2003 and was one of the founding members of the group.
 He played keyboards for Bright Eyes at one time and contributed to Criteria's album En Garde.
 Bright Eyes, Sorry About Dresden, Cursive, and Desaparecidos performed at a benefit concert for his brother Collin in 2001.
 McElroy's rap project, Rig.
 1, is signed to Team Love Records, and released "Above the Tree Line, West of the Periodic" in 2008.
 Ian is also the cousin of indie musician and fellow Desaparecidos member Conor Oberst.
Luis Edgardo Resto (born July 22, 1961) is an American musician, producer and keyboardist who has worked closely with rapper Eminem since his third major-label album "The Eminem Show".
 He is of Puerto Rican descent, with both of his parents from Puerto Rico, and was raised in Detroit (Garden City), Michigan.
 His career in recorded music began in the early 1980s in Detroit, with Michael Henderson and Was (Not Was).
 He continued playing keyboards and co-writing songs for a wide variety of artists (including many produced by Don Was), ranging from Anita Baker to Patti Smith to The Highwaymen to Vertical Horizon to Fuel, before beginning a prolific and lengthy collaboration with Eminem in 2001.
 He has played the keyboard for several Eminem-produced tracks and is credited for additional production on most Eminem-produced tracks on "Encore".
 Resto released his own solo LP titled "Combo De Momento", and was released under his own imprint Resto World Music on May 18, 2010.
 He co-wrote the Oscar-winning song, "Lose Yourself", featured in the movie "8 Mile" with Jeff Bass and Eminem.
M-102 is an east–west state trunkline highway in the US state of Michigan that runs along the northern boundary of Detroit following 8 Mile Road.
 The highway follows the Michigan Baseline, a part of the land survey of the state, and the roadway is also called Base Line Road in places.
 As a county road or city street, 8 Mile Road extends both east and west of the M-102 designation, which leaves 8 Mile on the eastern end to follow Vernier Road.
 The western terminus of M-102 is at the junction of 8 Mile Road and M-5 (Grand River Avenue) and the opposite end is at Vernier Road and Interstate 94 (I-94).
 The 8 Mile Road name extends west to Pontiac Trail near South Lyon with a discontinuous segment located west of US Highway 23 (US 23).
 The eastern end of 8 Mile Road is in Grosse Pointe Woods near I-94.
