The Shuttleworth Foundation was established in January 2001 by South African entrepreneur Mark Shuttleworth as an experiment with the purpose of providing funding for people engaged in social change.
 While there have been various iterations of the foundation, its structure and how it invests in social innovation, the current model employs a fellowship model where fellows are given funding commensurate with their experience to match a year's salary, allowing them to spend that year developing a particular idea.
Canonical Ltd. is a UK-based privately held computer software company founded and funded by South African entrepreneur Mark Shuttleworth to market commercial support and related services for Ubuntu and related projects.
 Canonical employs staff in more than 30 countries and maintains offices in London, Austin, Boston, Shanghai, Beijing, Taipei and the Isle of Man.
Thawte Consulting (pronounced "thought") is a certificate authority (CA) for X.509 certificates.
 Thawte was founded in 1995 by Mark Shuttleworth in South Africa.
 As of December 30, 2016, its parent company, Symantec Group is collectively the third largest public CA on the Internet with 17.2% market share.
STS-95 was a Space Shuttle mission launched from Kennedy Space Center, Florida on 29 October 1998, using the orbiter "Discovery".
 It was the 25th flight of "Discovery" and the 92nd mission flown since the start of the Space Shuttle program in April 1981.
 It was a highly publicized mission due to former Project Mercury astronaut and United States Senator John H. Glenn, Jr.'s return to space for his second space flight.
 At age 77, Glenn became the oldest person, to date, to go into space.
 This mission is also noted for inaugurating ATSC HDTV broadcasting in the U.S., with live coast-to-coast coverage of the launch.
 In another first, Spain's Pedro Duque became the first Spaniard in space.
The Beijing GNU/Linux User Group (BLUG) was founded in Beijing on November 19, 2002 and has since met at least monthly without exception.
 Awarded Best SFD 2007 event (1 of 3), Golden Bull 2008 by CSDN as a technology driving group and Best LUG of the Month by Linux Format early 2008.
 The Beijing GNU/Linux User Group has also been the host of many famous actors of our movement such as RMS, Ulrich Drepper, Mark Shuttleworth or Louis Suarez to name just a few.
Pedro Duque y Cornejo (1677–1757) was a Spanish Baroque painter and sculptor of the Sevillian school of sculpture, a disciple of his grandfather Pedro Roldán.
Inktank Storage is the lead development contributor and financial sponsor company behind the open source Ceph distributed file system.
 Inktank was founded by Sage Weil and initially funded by DreamHost and Mark Shuttleworth.
Ravi Naidoo is the recipient of the 2015 Sir Misha Black Medal for innovation in design education.
 He is the founder of Interactive Africa, a Cape Town based media and project management company responsible for the First African in Space mission with Mark Shuttleworth, and the marketing bid to host the 2010 Fifa World Cup.
Pedro Duque Duque (born 14 March 1963) is a Spanish astronaut and a veteran of two space missions.
Impi Linux was a South African Linux distribution which focused on the enterprise and government sector.
 The project name originally referred to Impi meaning group of warriors in the Zulu language.
 In September 2005, Mark Shuttleworth invested R10 million in return for 65% of Impi Linux.
