Kym Barrett (born 11 August 1965) is an Australian costume designer of Hollywood films.
 She is a regular collaborator with The Wachowskis and was the costume designer of their films "The Matrix", "The Matrix Reloaded", "The Matrix Revolutions", "Speed Racer", "Cloud Atlas" and "Jupiter Ascending".
Jessica Blank (born in New Haven, Connecticut), is an American actress, writer, and director who works in film, television, and theater.
 Blank grew up in New Haven and Washington, D.C., and attended Macalester College and the University of Minnesota.
 In 2001, she married the actor and playwright Erik Jensen.
 and they frequently collaborate professionally, primarily as writing partners for theater, film and television.
Pilgrim Hill is a 2013 Irish rural drama film.
 Writer and director Gerard Barrett won the Rising Star Award at the 10th Irish Film & Television Awards.
Daniel Ezralow is an Artistic Director, Choreographer, Writer and Performer.
 He is known for his powerful work in theater, film, opera, and television.
 His award-winning career, with a directorial approach both visceral and imaginative, his unique style of physical expression, freedom of spirit and articulate athletic vocabulary, has earned him a distinguished international reputation as a groundbreaking artist.
 He is the Artistic Director and Founder of Ezralow Dance, a movement based ensemble and the creative home for Ezralow's expansive and eclectic body of work.
 Ezralow Dance aims to collaborate with performers, composers, visual artists and filmmakers, transporting audiences to new dimensions, exploring and questioning the ideas of dancing and humanity.
Duncan Barrett is a writer and editor who specialises in biography and memoir.
 After publishing several books in collaboration with other authors, he published his first solo book, "Men of Letters", in 2014.
 Barrett also works as an actor and theatre director.
Paul Thompson O.C. (born May 4, 1940 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian playwright and theatre director.
 Best known for his term as artistic director of Theatre Passe Muraille in Toronto, Ontario from 1970 to 1982, Thompson was known for pioneering techniques of collective creation, in which actors, playwrights and directors would collaborate on the creation of a play through field research and acting improvisations.
 Plays on which Thompson was credited as a primary or collaborating writer during this era included "Doukhobors" (1970), "The Farm Show" (1972), "1837: The Farmers' Revolt" (1973, with Rick Salutin), "I Love You, Baby Blue" (1975), "Far As the Eye Can See" (1977, with Rudy Wiebe) and "Maggie and Pierre" (1980, with Linda Griffiths).
Philomena McDonagh (also known as Phylomena McDonagh) is an English actress and writer best known for her roles as art teacher June Summers in "Grange Hill" and Carol Nelson in ITV soap opera "Emmerdale".
 McDonagh acted in Phil Young's play, "Crystal Clear" at the Wyndham's Theatre in London, England with Anthony Allen and Diana Barrett in the cast.
 Phil Young was also director.
 She has also written films and for television, notably the film adaptation of "Far from the Madding Crowd".
V is a science fiction franchise created by American writer, producer and director Kenneth Johnson about a genocidal invading alien race known as the "Visitors" – reptilian humanoids disguised as human beings – trying to take over Earth, and the human reaction to this, including the Resistance group attempting to stop them, while others collaborate with the aliens for power and personal wealth.
