Archer is an American adult animated spy sitcom created by Adam Reed for the FX network.
 The series focuses on the life and exploits of Sterling Archer, the self-proclaimed '"world's greatest secret agent."
 The first four seasons focus on him working for the fictional spy agency ISIS, under his mother, Malory.
 Since then, they have become drug dealers, arms dealers, CIA agents, private investigators and most recently, post-World War II detectives with the first episode taking place in 1947.
 The series premiered on September 17, 2009.
 On June 21, 2016, FX renewed the series for an eighth, ninth, and tenth season, each to consist of eight episodes.
 The eighth season premiered on April 5, 2017, with the series moving to sister network FXX.
The 2004–05 NBA season was the Hawks' 56th season in the National Basketball Association, and 37th season in Atlanta.
 It was their first season under new head coach Mike Woodson.
 Despite the offseason acquisitions of All-Star forward Antoine Walker from the Dallas Mavericks, Al Harrington from the Indiana Pacers and re-signing free agent Kevin Willis, the Hawks were not expected to be any good heading into the season as they posted an awful 2–12 record in November.
 Along the way, the team acquired Tyronn Lue from the Houston Rockets.
Hawaii Five-0 is an American action police procedural television series, which premiered on Monday, September 20, 2010 on CBS.
 The series is a reboot of the original series, which aired on CBS from 1968 to 1980.
 Like the original, it follows an elite state police task force set up to fight crime in the state of Hawaii.
 The series is produced by K/O Paper Products and 101st Street Television in association with CBS Productions, originally an in-name-only unit of but folded into CBS Television Studios, which has produced the series since the beginning of season three.
 On March 25, 2016, CBS renewed the series for a seventh season, which premiered on September 23, 2016.
 On March 23, 2017, CBS renewed the series for an eighth season, which premiered on September 29, 2017.
The eighth season of the American comedy television series "Scrubs" premiered on ABC on January 6, 2009 and concluded on May 6, 2009 and consists of 19 episodes.
 The eighth season was the first to be shown on ABC after NBC dropped the series, ending its seven-year run on the network.
 ABC's pick-up of the show was followed by it commissioning nineteen episodes, which included an hour-long finale.
 For all of the season's run, it was expected that the eighth season would be the last, especially after the show's creator Bill Lawrence announced it.
 After rumors surfaced of a ninth season, it was understood that the eighth would be the last to star Zach Braff and much of the main cast.
 However, the show was later re-commissioned for another season, in which Braff and other cast members appeared for multiple episodes.
 The eighth season was the first to air in high definition.
Al Harrington is an NBA basketball player.
Season eight of "Stargate SG-1", an American-Canadian military science fiction television series, began airing on July 9, 2004 on the Sci Fi channel.
 The eighth season concluded on February 22, 2005, after 20 episodes on British Sky One, which overtook the Sci Fi Channel in mid-season.
 This was the first season of the show to have 20 episodes instead of 22, as well as the first to air concurrently with "Stargate SG-1" spinoff series "Stargate Atlantis" (the first season thereof).
 The series was originally developed by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner, while Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper served as executive producers.
 Season eight regular cast members include Richard Dean Anderson, Amanda Tapping, Christopher Judge, and Michael Shanks.
 The eighth season begins with the SG-1 team trying to revive Colonel Jack O'Neill (Richard Dean Anderson) after the events of the seventh season.
 At the end of the two-episode season opener, Colonel O'Neill is promoted to General and assumes command of Stargate Command (SGC), while Major Samantha Carter (Amanda Tapping) is promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and assumes command of SG-1.
 The season arc centers on the growing threat and seemingly final defeat of the Goa'uld and the Replicators, races who were introduced in the first and third season of the show, respectively.
The eighth season of "Criminal Minds" premiered on CBS on September 26, 2012.
 The series was officially renewed for an eighth season on March 14, 2012.
"Undercover Boss" is an American 2010 reality television series, based on the British series of the same name.
 The first episode of the first season premiered on February 7, 2010, after Super Bowl XLIV, and featured Bob O'Donnell, President and Chief Operating Officer of Waste Management, Inc.
 On March 9, 2010, CBS announced it had renewed "Undercover Boss" for a second season.
 On July 28, 2010, CBS announced four company executives had signed up for the second season of "Undercover Boss", the executives are from NASCAR, DirecTV, Chiquita Brands International and Great Wolf Lodge, Inc. The Choice Hotels CEO, Steve Joyce, was the first boss for the second season of the show on September 26, 2010.
 On March 27, 2011, CBS officially renewed "Undercover Boss" for a third season.
 On May 18, 2011, CBS then announced that it would be holding the show for a mid-season replacement to premiere Sunday January 15, 2012, with an undetermined amount of episodes.
 The third season premiered on January 15, 2012.
 The fourth season premiered on November 2, 2012.
 The fifth season premiered on September 27, 2013.
 The sixth season premiered on December 14, 2014.
 The eighth season premiered on December 21, 2016.
"The Middle" is a primetime American comedy series created by DeAnn Heline and Eileen Heisler for the ABC network.
 "The Middle" stars Patricia Heaton and Neil Flynn as Frankie and Mike Heck, a used-car saleswoman and the manager of a small mining firm respectively, who struggle to raise their children in the fictional middle-class town of Orson, Indiana.
 Their three children include the athletic but underachieving, slow-witted Axl (Charlie McDermott), cluelessly unpopular daughter Sue (Eden Sher), and frustrated, odd child-genius Brick (Atticus Shaffer).
 The Hecks find themselves embroiled in somewhat unusual events as they attempt to navigate their day-to-day lives.
 The series was met with a positive reception from television critics when it premiered on September 30, 2009, with a score of 70 on the aggregated reviews website Metacritic.
 On March 3, 2016, ABC renewed the series for an eighth season.
 On January 25, 2017, ABC renewed the series for a ninth and final season.
Al Harrington (born Tausau Ta'a on December 12, 1935) is an American television actor.
 He is best known for his role as "Det. Ben Kokua" on the CBS television series "Hawaii Five-O" and as Mamo Kahike on the 2010 reboot of Hawaii Five-0 playing the owner of a surf shop and a bus driver in the off season.
 He had previously appeared in five episodes of the series as other characters.
