Prick Up Your Ears is a play by Simon Bent, based on the life of playwright Joe Orton.
 Produced by Sonia Friedman it opened at the Comedy Theatre in London's West End on 30 September 2009 following previews from 17 September.
 It starred Chris New as Joe Orton and Matt Lucas as Orton's lover and murderer, Kenneth Halliwell.
Prick Up Your Ears is a 1987 British film, directed by Stephen Frears, about the playwright Joe Orton and his lover Kenneth Halliwell.
 The screenplay was written by Alan Bennett, based on the biography by John Lahr.
 The film stars Gary Oldman as Orton, Alfred Molina as Halliwell, Wallace Shawn as Lahr and Vanessa Redgrave as Peggy Ramsay.
What the Butler Saw is a farce written by the English playwright Joe Orton.
 It was premièred at the Queen's Theatre in London on 5 March 1969.
 It was Orton's final play and the second to be performed after his death, following "Funeral Games" in 1968.
Bernard-Marie Koltès (] ; 9 April 1948 – 15 April 1989) was a French playwright and theatre director best known for his plays "La Nuit juste avant les Forêts" ("The Night Just Before the Forests", 1976), "Sallinger" (1977) and "Dans la Solitude des Champs de Coton" ("In the Solitude of Cotton Fields", 1986).
Simon Bent is a British screenwriter and playwright, notable for work including BBC TV drama "" (2006), the screenplay for the feature film "Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry" (2000), and the Joe Orton biographical play "Prick Up Your Ears" based on John Lahr's book.
The Ruffian On the Stair is a play by British playwright Joe Orton which was first broadcast on BBC Radio in August 1964.
 It is an unsympathetic yet comedic one-act portrayal of working class England, as played out by a couple and a mysterious young man who toys with their lives.
 It was based on "The Boy Hairdresser", a novel by Orton and his lover Kenneth Halliwell.
 The title and play are based on a few lines from poet and dramatist William Ernest Henley: "Madam Life's a piece in bloom, / Death goes dogging everywhere: / She's the tenant of the room, / He's the ruffian on the stair."
 "Ruffian" is not as renowned as other works such as "Loot" and "What the Butler Saw", but it is still staged on occasion.
David Bradby (27 February 1942 – 17 January 2011) was a British drama and theatre academic with particular research interests in French theatre, Modernist / Postmodernist theatre, the role of the director and the Theatre of the Absurd.
 He wrote extensively on the theatre of Samuel Beckett, Roger Planchon, Jacques Lecoq, Arthur Adamov among many others.
 He also translated several works, principally by Michel Vinaver, Jacques Lecoq and Bernard-Marie Koltès.
Alan Schneider (December 12, 1917 – May 3, 1984) was an American theatre director responsible for more than 100 theatre productions.
 In 1984 he was honored with a Drama Desk Special Award for serving a wide range of playwrights.
 He directed the 1956 American premiere of Samuel Beckett's "Waiting for Godot", Edward Albee's "Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
" and "Tiny Alice"; the American première of Joe Orton's "Entertaining Mr Sloane", Harold Pinter's "The Birthday Party", as well as Pinter's "The Dumb Waiter", "The Collection", and a trilogy of Pinter's plays under the title "Other Places" (including "One for the Road", "Family Voices", and "A Kind of Alaska"); Bertolt Brecht's "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"; "You Know I Can't Hear You When the Water's Running"; and Michael Weller's "Moonchildren" and "Loose Ends".
Phase 3 Productions is a Pittsburgh-based theatre company.
 Established in 2008, the theatre's mission is to include "relevant social awareness in everything produced."
 The company has produced theatrical classics like August Strindberg's "Miss Julie", as well as contemporary plays like Aaron Carter's "Swamp Baby", Bernard-Marie Koltès's "Roberto Zucco", and musicals like "Godspell".
 Phase 3 has also held productions in a variety of spaces, such as the Brew House on the South Side and South Park Theatre in South Park Township.
 The company has also produced original one-act plays in conjunction with the Pittsburgh New Works Festival.
Tabataba suivi de pawana is the title of two short stories "Tabataba" followed by "Pawana"("")in one book written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
"Tabataba" was written by Bernard-Marie Koltès and Hector Poullet.
