Encore (stylized as ƎNCORE) is the fifth studio album by American rapper Eminem.
 It was released by Aftermath Entertainment, Shady Records, and Interscope Records.
 Its release was set for November 16, 2004, but was moved up to November 12 (coincidentally, exactly eight years to the day since his debut album, "Infinite", was released) after the album was leaked to the Internet.
 "Encore" sold 710,000 copies in its first three days, and went on to sell over 1.5 million copies in its first two weeks of release in the United States, certified quadruple-platinum that mid-December.
 Nine months after its release, worldwide sales of the album stood at 11 million copies.
 By December 2016, the album had sold over 5 million copies in the United States and more than 23 million copies worldwide.
Canadian singer Nelly Furtado has released six studio albums, twenty singles, one video album, one live album, two compilation albums, three extended plays, and twenty-three music videos.
 Furtado released her debut album "Whoa, Nelly!
" in 2000 and it became a commercial success selling 9 million copies worldwide.
 It has been certified multi Platinum in countries such as Canada, United States, Australia and New Zealand.
 The album spawned four singles including the successful top 10 hits; "I'm Like a Bird" and "Turn Off the Light".
 In 2003 she released her second album "Folklore", while the album did not match the success of her previous album in such markets as the US and Australia, it did however become a success in several European countries.
 "Folklore" has sold 3 million copies worldwide.
 The album produced two European top 10 hits; "Powerless (Say What You Want)" and "Força", while "Try" peaked inside the top 10 in Canada.
 Furtado's third album "Loose" (2006) became her best selling album of career with 12 million copies sold worldwide.
 It also reached number one on the album chart of nine countries and was certified multi Platinum in several countries such as Canada, UK, Australia, Germany, Switzerland, Austria and New Zeeland.
 The album spawned four successful number one singles; "Promiscuous", "Maneater", "Say It Right" and "All Good Things (Come to an End)".
 "Loose" was one of the best selling albums of 2006–2007 and is twenty-second best-selling album of the 2000s.
 She released her first Spanish language album "Mi Plan" in 2009 which became a success in Europe and on the Latin charts.
 The lead single "Manos al Aire" became a European top 10 hit and also topped the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart, making Furtado the first North American singer to reach number one on that chart with an original Spanish song.
 "Mi Plan" has been certified Platinum (Latin) in the US.
 In 2010 she released a remix album "Mi Plan Remixes" and her first greatest hits "The Best of Nelly Furtado".
 Furtado released her fifth album "The Spirit Indestructible" in 2012, followed by "The Ride" in 2017.
The MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist have been given out since the first annual MTV Video Music Awards in 1984.
 From then to 2006, the award was named Best New Artist in a Video.
 In 2007 its name was changed to Best New Artist, as the category underwent a format change to award the artist's body of work for the full year rather than a specific video.
 For the 2008 ceremony, though, while the award retained its 2007 name, it returned to the format of awarding a specific video rather than the artist's full body of work.
 The category was later renamed Artist to Watch through 2013 to 2015 while still keeping the format of an award going to a certain video.
The Button-Down Mind of Bob Newhart is a 1960 live album by comedian Bob Newhart.
 Recorded at the Tidelands Club in Houston, Texas, the debut album by Newhart was number one on the "Billboard" pop album chart and won Album of the Year at the 1961 Grammy Awards, where Newhart was named Best New Artist.
 It was the first comedy album to win Album of the Year and the only time a comedian had won Best New Artist.
The Foundation is the first major-label studio album by American country music band Zac Brown Band.
 It was released on November 18, 2008.
 Originally slated for release on the Home Grown label and Big Picture Records, the album is distributed by Atlantic Nashville in association with those two labels.
 The financing for the album was provided by Atlanta, GA entrepreneur Braden Copeland through his investment company Braden Copeland Ventures, LLC.
 On December 2, 2009, the album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Album.
 and also earned the band the Grammy Award for Best New Artist on January 31.
 The album also has been nominated for the 2010 Academy of Country Music Awards "Album of the Year" award.
 As of September 2015, the album has sold 3.4 million copies in the US.
Premio Lo Nuestro 2003 was the 15th anniversary of the awards.
 the show was hosted by Mexican presenters Marco Antonio Regil and Adal Ramones.
 Juanes, Thalía, Marc Anthony, Pilar Montenegro, Sin Bandera, Banda el Recodo and other Latin music greats gave electrifying performances.
 In the show, there was 36 awards winners with 135 nominations.
 In Pop genre, Awards was given for : Album of the Year, Best Male Artist, Best Female Artist, Best Group or duo, Best New Artist and Song of the Year.
 In Rock Genre : Best Rock Album and Best rock Performer of the Year.
 In Tropical genre : Best Tropical Album of the Year, Best Tropical Male Artist, Best Tropical Female Artist, Best Tropical Group or Duo of the Year, Best Tropical New Artist, Tropical Song of the Year, Best Merengue Performance, Best Salsa Performance and Best Traditional Performance.
 Juanes was the biggest winner of night, took home four awards Best Pop Male Artist, Best Music Video, Best Rock Performance, and Pop Song of the Year .
 In the Regional Mexican, Pilar Montenegro took three awards for Regional Mexican Song of the Year, Pop Song of the Year ("Quitame Ese Hombre"), and for Best Regional Mexican Female Artist.
 In the tropical genre, Celia Cruz took home with four great awards of the night for Best Salsa Performance, Best Tropical Female Artist, Best Tropical Song of the year and Tropical Album of the Year.
 At the night, the greatest performance was a medley of top Latin hits from the last 15 years, performed by the artists that made them famous, including Vikki Carr, Son by Four, Los Ilegales, La Mafia, Luis Enrique, Wilfrido Vargas and Olga Tañón.
 There was a great tribute to Celia Cruz by the world-famous salsa group "Fania All-Stars", of which Cruz was a member during the 1970s, reunited for an exclusive performance that rocked the house.
The highest-selling albums and EPs in the United States are ranked in the "Billboard" 200, published by "Billboard" magazine.
 The data are compiled by Nielsen Soundscan based on each album's weekly physical and digital sales.
 25 acts achieved number one albums during this year with artist such as Nelly and Shania Twain who had their albums debut at number one on the chart.
 Rapper Eminem's "The Eminem Show" is the best selling album of 2002 selling over approximately 7.6 million copies by the end of the year.
 It is also the longest running album of 2002 spending six non-consecutive weeks the chart and was known for its first full week of sales debut of 1.322 million copies which Nielsen SoundScan scanned as the sixth largest sales of all time in its first week.
 Its debut of 1.322 million copies has still not been matched by any album today since except for Taylor Swift's album "1989", which opened with first week sales of 1.279 million copies.
 The band Creed continued its eight week long run on the chart but is credited as the longest running album 2001.
 Jennifer Lopez earned her second number one album on the charts with "", which became the highest first week sales of a remix album at the time.
 R&B artist Ashanti earned her first number one album with her self-titled debut album "Ashanti", which opened up with first week sales of 503,000 copies in its first week alone.
 Puff Daddy earned his first number one album since "No Way Out" back in 1997.
 Rapper Jay-Z earned his fifth chart topper with "", which opened up with first week sales of 545,000 copies alone.
 Heavy metal band Disturbed earned its first number one album on the chart with "Believe", which opened up with first week sales of 284,000 copies alone.
 Country music singer Shania Twain's album "Up!
" opened up with a huge first week sales of 857,000 copies in its first week alone, giving her the recognition of the highest first week sales of her career and second highest of the year, only behind Eminem's "The Eminem Show" and at the time the fastest selling solo female album ever.
 Nelly's album "Nellyville" opened up with his highest first week sales of his career which logged on with huge sales of 714,000 copies in its first week alone, which beat his sales of his debut album "Country Grammar", which opened up with first week sales of 235,000 copies.
 Country singer Alan Jackson album "Drive" gave him his first number one album on the chart and opened up with first week sales of 211,000 copies alone.
SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile (上汽通用五菱汽车股份有限公司 and abbreviated as SGMW) is a joint venture between SAIC Motor, General Motors, and Liuzhou Wuling Motors Co Ltd. Based in Liuzhou, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, in southwestern China, it makes commercial and consumer vehicles sold in China under the Wuling and Baojun marques, respectively.
 A major mass-volume producer in the Chinese interior, in 2011 SGMW sold 1,286,000 vehicles in China, 1,445,000 in 2012, and aims to sell 2 million cars annually.
 Its offerings range in price from US$5,000 to US$10,000.
The Japan Record Award for Best New Artist (最優秀新人賞 ) is awarded annually.
 Until the 10th Japan Record Awards it was called New Artist Award, since 11th — Best New Artist Award.
 At present all nominees for the Best New Artist Award are awarded the New Artist Award.
"Every End of the Day" () is a song by South Korean singer-songwriter and actress IU.
 It was released as a CD single, titled "Spring of a Twenty Year Old" ().
 The single has a double A-side hit singles, "Peach" and "Every End of the Day" which was also released digitally, consists of three tracks in total, one of which was composed by IU.
 It is the singer's first Korean-language release since the full-length album, "Last Fantasy", that was released six months prior.
.
 The latter topped "Billboard" Korea K-Pop Hot 100 for four consecutive weeks, making it IU's second number-one hit on the chart after "You and I".
 The single has sold over 34,400 copies in South Korea as of 2013.
