Politics in the San Francisco Bay Area is widely regarded as one of the most liberal in the country.
 According to the California Secretary of State, the Democratic Party holds a voter registration advantage in every congressional district, state senate district, state assembly district, State Board of Equalization districts, all nine counties, and all but three of the 101 incorporated municipalities in the Bay Area.
 The Republican Party holds a voter registration advantage in one state assembly subdistrict (the portion of California's 4th State Assembly district in Solano county) and three cities, Atherton, Hillsborough, and Danville.
Rastriya Janashakti Party is a liberal political party in Nepal, led by former Prime Minister Surya Bahadur Thapa.
 Thapa had split away from the Rastriya Prajatantra Party in November 2004.
 The party is registered with the Election Commission of Nepal in March 2005.
Sikkim Janashakti Party (translation: Sikkim People's Power Party), was a political party in the Indian state of Sikkim.
 SJP was founded in 1997, when Tara Man Rai broke away from Sikkim Ekta Manch.
 Rai was the president of SJP.
 In January 1999 SJP merged with Indian National Congress.
Rastriya Janashakti Mahila Sangh (Nepali: राष्ट्रिय जनशक्ति महिला संघ ) is a women's organisation in Nepal, politically aligned with the Rastriya Janashakti Party.
The foreign relations of Finland are the responsibility of the President of Finland, who leads foreign policy in cooperation with the government.
 Implicitly the government is responsible for internal policy and decision making in the European Union.
 Within the government, preparative discussions are conducted in the government committee of foreign and security policy ("ulko- ja turvallisuuspoliittinen ministerivaliokunta"), which includes the Prime Minister and at least the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Minister of Defence, and at most four other ministers as necessary.
 The committee meets with the President as necessary.
 Laws concerning foreign relations are discussed in the parliamentary committee of foreign relations ("ulkoasiainvaliokunta, utrikesutskottet").
 The Ministry of Foreign Affairs implements the foreign policy.
iTV was a television station in Thailand owned by ITV Public Company Limited, a unit of Shin Corporation.
 Thailand's first UHF channel, the station was started in 1995 when the company was granted a 30-year concession by the Office of the Permanent Secretary to the Prime Minister's Office to operate a free-to-air television station in the Ultra High Frequency (UHF) spectrum at 510-790 MHz (from Channel 26 to 60).
 After a lengthy dispute over unpaid concession fees to the Prime Minister's Office, iTV was taken in 2007 over by the government's Public Relations Department and its name was changed to Thai Independent Television (TITV).
 Following a previously unannounced order of Thailand's Public Relations Department delivered the same day, the station closed down operations at the crack of dawn on January 15th, 2008.
 In accordance with the Public Broadcasting Service Act, the channel's frequency was assigned to the Thai Public Broadcasting Service, or Thai PBS.
Hari Bahadur Basnet is a Nepalese politician.
 He is the head of the Foreign Relations Department of the Rastriya Janashakti Party.
 Basnet holds a M.Sc.
 in Engineering.
Rastriya Janashakti Student Union is a students organisation in Nepal.
 It is the students wing of the Royalist Rashtriya Janashakti Party.
Gregory Weeks (born 1970) is a lecturer at the International Relations Department at Webster University in Vienna, Austria.
 He was the Head of the International Relations Department from 2005 until 2011.
 Weeks teaches and researches civil-military relations, genocide prevention, and twentieth century Austrian and German diplomatic and military history.
A Master of Science (Latin: "Magister Scientiae" ; abbreviated MS, M.S., MSc, M.Sc., MSci, M.Sci., ScM, Sc.M., SciM or Sci.M.)
 is a master's degree in the field of science awarded by universities in many countries, or a person holding such a degree.
 In contrast to the Master of Arts degree, the Master of Science degree is typically granted for studies in sciences, engineering, and medicine, and is usually for programs that are more focused on scientific and mathematical subjects; however, different universities have different conventions and may also offer the degree for fields typically considered within the humanities and social sciences.
 While it ultimately depends upon the specific program, earning a Master of Science degree typically includes writing a thesis.
