Land of Marvels is a historical novel by the author Barry Unsworth.
 It is set in Mesopotamia on the eve of the first world war.
Pascali's Island is a 1988 British drama film, based on the novel by Barry Unsworth.
 It was written and directed by James Dearden.
 It stars Ben Kingsley, Charles Dance and Helen Mirren.
 It was entered into the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
The Songs of Kings was a novel published in 2002 by Barry Unsworth that retells the story of "Iphigenia at Aulis" told by the Greek tragic poet Euripides.
The Ruby in Her navel is a historical novel by Barry Unsworth first published in 2006.
 It was long listed for the Booker Prize that year.
Losing Nelson is a 1999 novel by Barry Unsworth.
 Its protagonist is Charles Cleasby, who is obsessed with Lord Nelson, attempts to re-enact events of "Horatio"'s life to the point of feeling that he is the admiral, and who is writing a hagiographic biography.
 His typist, the down-to-earth Miss Lily, serves as his foil in her criticism of Nelson's ego and treatment of his wife.
 At the end, when Cleasby has journeyed to Naples to do research in the hope of exonerating his hero for his execution of Admiral Caracciolo and other Neapolitan Jacobins, he murders a child near the location of Nelson's betrayal, simultaneously imagining that he is killing the child Nelson and that the act forever merges him with Nelson.
Pascali's Island is a novel by Barry Unsworth, first published in 1980.
 The first United States publication of the book by Simon & Schuster was titled The Idol Hunter.
The Greeks Have a Word For It is the second novel by Booker Prize-winning author Barry Unsworth published by Hutchinson in 1967.
 It has since been republished by Weidenfeld & Nicolson in 1993 and W. W. Norton & Company in 2002.
 It has been praised for its 'utterly convincing characterizations'.
Morality Play is a semi-historical detective novel by Barry Unsworth.
 The book, published in 1995 by Hamish Hamilton was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize.
Sacred Hunger is a historical novel by Barry Unsworth first published in 1992.
 It shared the Booker Prize that year with Michael Ondaatje's "The English Patient".
The Reckoning, also known as Morality Play (and as El misterio de Wells in Spain), is a 2003 British-Spanish murder mystery drama film directed by Paul McGuigan and starring Paul Bettany, Willem Dafoe, Tom Hardy, Gina McKee, Brian Cox and Vincent Cassel.
 It was written by Mark Mills and based on the 1995 novel "Morality Play" by Barry Unsworth.
 Filming was done on location in Spain, Wales, and England.
