Hopeless Pictures is an American animated comedy series starring the voice of "Friends" actress Lisa Kudrow, "Seinfeld" guest actor Bob Balaban, and produced and broadcast by the IFC.
 The cartoon follows fictional film producer Mel Wax, voiced by Michael McKean, in a spoof of the Hollywood movie industry.
 Stylistically the show makes use of the audio from scripted telephone conversations combined with on-screen gags surrounding the cartoon characters speaking.
The Comeback is an American television comedy-drama series produced by HBO that stars actress Lisa Kudrow as sitcom actress Valerie Cherish in modern-day Los Angeles.
 It was created by Kudrow and Michael Patrick King, a former executive producer of "Sex and the City".
 Kudrow and King are also screenwriters and executive producers of the series, with King also serving as the director of some episodes.
 The series premiered on HBO on June 5, 2005 and aired for a single, 13-episode season before being canceled.
 The series was revived nine years later and an eight-episode second season aired on HBO beginning on November 9, 2014.
"Lard of the Dance" is the first episode of "The Simpsons"' tenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on August 23, 1998.
 Homer discovers he can make money by stealing and reselling grease, but eventually stops after negative encounters with Groundskeeper Willie and the Springfield Grease Company.
 Meanwhile, Lisa becomes jealous that a new student (voiced by Lisa Kudrow) is distracting all her friends by using her fashionable personality.
 The episode was written by Jane O'Brien and directed by Dominic Polcino.
Romy and Michele's High School Reunion is a 1997 American comedy film directed by David Mirkin and starring Lisa Kudrow, Mira Sorvino, Janeane Garofalo, Camryn Manheim and Alan Cumming.
 The plot revolves around two 28-year-old women who appear to have not achieved much success in life, and decide to invent fake careers to impress former classmates at their 10-year high school reunion.
 The characters are taken from the stage play "Ladies Room", which also featured Kudrow.
Laura Jane Silverman (born June 10, 1966) is an American actress and voice actress, and the older sister of comedian Sarah Silverman.
 She is best known for portraying a fictionalized version of herself alongside her sister in "" and "The Sarah Silverman Program".
 She also stars as Jane Benson on "The Comeback" with Lisa Kudrow and voiced Laura, the sarcastic receptionist on the animated comedy television series "Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist".
The Comeback is an American television comedy-drama series produced by HBO that stars actress Lisa Kudrow as sitcom actress Valerie Cherish in modern-day Los Angeles.
 It was created by Kudrow and Michael Patrick King, a former executive producer of "Sex and the City".
 Kudrow and King are also screenwriters and executive producers of the series, with King also serving as the director of some episodes.
 The series premiered on HBO on June 5, 2005 and aired for a single, 13-episode season before being canceled.
 The series was revived nine years later and an eight-episode second season started airing on HBO on November 9, 2014.
Phoebe Buffay-Hannigan is a fictional character, portrayed by Lisa Kudrow, one of the six main characters from the American sitcom "Friends".
 Created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, the show's creators, she appeared in each of the show's 236 episodes, from its premiere on September 24, 1994 to its finale on May 6, 2004.
 A masseuse and musician, notable for her offbeat and sometimes ditzy behavior.
 She was Monica's roommate before Rachel.
 She plays guitar and sings at Central Perk.
 During the show's ninth season, Phoebe is introduced to Mike Hannigan, played by actor Paul Rudd, by Joey, and the two begin a romantic relationship.
 The two later get engaged, then married.
"Web Therapy" is a web series of Lstudio.com mainly based on improvisation.
 Lisa Kudrow appears as the self-absorbed therapist Fiona Wallice who offers three-minute therapy sessions via webcam over the internet.
 Each webisode stars Kudrow video chatting with one or more guest stars.
Various characters appeared in the sitcom "Friends", which aired for ten seasons on NBC from 1994 to 2004.
 It featured six main cast members: Rachel Green (Jennifer Aniston), Phoebe Buffay (Lisa Kudrow), Joey Tribbiani (Matt LeBlanc), Chandler Bing (Matthew Perry), Ross Geller (David Schwimmer) and Monica Geller (Courteney Cox).
 Many celebrities guest starred on the series throughout its ten-year run.
El Americano: The Movie (also known as Americano) is a 2016 3D Mexican-American animated family film produced by Animex Producciones, Olmos Productions, and Phil Roman Entertainment, and is directed by Ricardo Arnaiz and ex-Disney animator, Mike Kunkel.
 The film features an ensemble voice cast of mostly Hispanic American and Mexican actors led by Rico Rodriguez, Edward James Olmos, Cheech Marin, Kate del Castillo, Paul Rodriguez, Gabriel Iglesias, Erik Estrada, and Lisa Kudrow.
