Centring, centre, centering, or center is a type of falsework: the temporary structure upon which the stones of an arch or vault are laid during construction.
 Until the keystone is inserted an arch has no strength and needs the centring to keep the voussoirs in their correct relative positions.
 A simple centering without a truss is called a common centering.
 The cross piece connecting centering frames are called a lag or bolst.
UGetMe was an interactive comedy/drama series centering on three best friends Joe, Kit and Carly and the radio station they run called "UGetMe".
 Written by Adrian Hewitt, Stuart Kenworthy and Steve Turner, directed by Otto Bathurst and Maddy Darrall and produced by Billy Macqueen and Maddy Darrall at Darrall Macqueen Ltd.
 Screened on CBBC and BBC One in 2003.
"Switched at Birth" is an American television drama series centering on Bay Kennish and Daphne Vasquez, who at the age of 15 learn that they were switched at birth.
 The wealthy Kennish family must struggle with the fact that their biological daughter is deaf from having meningitis as a child and must accept the character of working-class, recovering alcoholic Regina Vasquez, Daphne's single "mother."
 Bay and Daphne attempt to find out how their lives would have been if they hadn't been switched.
 The one-hour-long series premiered on June 6, 2011.
The "Tremors" franchise is a monster movie series centering on the vicious attacks of subterranean worm-like creatures known as Graboids.
 It began in 1990 with the successful release of "Tremors", which spawned four direct-to-video films; three sequels ("", "" and "") and a prequel ("").
Cendrine Wolf (born 1969 in Colmar) is a French children's writer, known for co-writing the "Oksa Pollock" series with Anne Plichota.
 In 2012 the two announced that they would be collaborating on a new series centering on the character of Susan Hopper.
React (sometimes stylized in all caps as REACT) is a media franchise used by the Fine Brothers consisting of several online series centering on a group of individuals reacting to viral videos, trends, video games, film trailers, or music videos.
 The franchise was launched with the YouTube debut of "Kids React" in October 2010, and then grew to encompass four more series uploaded on the Fine Brothers' primary YouTube channel, a separate YouTube channel with various reaction-related content, as well as a television series titled "React to That".
House of Cosbys is an American animated sitcom created by Justin Roiland for the film festival Channel 101.
 The series centers on Mitchell Reynolds (Jeff Davis), who builds a cloning machine to make duplicates of his favorite comedian, Bill Cosby.
 The show stars Davis, Roiland, and a rotating cast of performers, many of whom were participants at Channel 101.
 The series premiered January 30, 2005, and was the number one-rated program on the site for three months.
 Four episodes of the series were created, which debuted at Channel 101 screenings and were posted online thereafter.
 The series concluded on June 26, 2005 with an "unofficial" fifth installment.
Fort Worth Teen Scene!
 is an extensive compilation album series centering on the burgeoning teen garage rock music scene of Fort Worth, Texas between 1964 and 1967.
 The series, distributed through Norton Records, helped reveal relatively unknown recordings by groups originating from Fort Worth that were previously made available to only a handful of collectors.
 In total, three albums were released in relation to the series in 2004.
Butch Patterson: Private Dick is a Canadian serial comedy television series centering on the seedy exploits of a self-described premature ejaculating, alcoholic, kleptomaniac, sexually deviant private detective played by Canadian actor/comedian Greg Lawrence.
 The series had a three season run, airing on The Comedy Network.
 Although the show was not a critical or commercial success, it maintains a small cult following.
 After the series' initial run, reruns were featured on the now defunct CBC Country Canada.
 Since then, all three original seasons have been released on DVD.
Gungrave is a video game and anime series centering on characters created by Yasuhiro Nightow:
