Poti (Georgian: ფოთი ] ; Mingrelian: ფუთი; Laz: ჶაში/Faşi or ფაში/Paşi) is a port city in Georgia, located on the eastern Black Sea coast in the region of Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti in the west of the country.
 Built near the site of the ancient Greek colony of Phasis and deriving its name from the same, the city has become a major port city and industrial center since the early 20th century.
 It is also home to a main naval base and the headquarters of the Georgian navy.
 Adjacent to the Poti port area is the RAKIA owned Free Industrial Zone.
 Inaugurated in April 2008, it has registered a number of businesses, including those from Iranian businesspeople trying to evade sanctions against Iran.
Port Sudan (Arabic: بور سودان‎ ‎ "Būr Sūdān ") is a port city in eastern Sudan, and the capital of the state of Red Sea.
 s of 2007 , it has 489,725 residents.
 Located on the Red Sea, it is the Republic of Sudan's main port city.
The Port of Chittagong (Bengali: চট্টগ্রাম বন্দর ) is the busiest seaport on the coastline of the Bay of Bengal, and the second busiest in the overall region of countries dependent on the Bay of Bengal.
 According to Lloyd's, it ranked as the 76th busiest port in the world in 2016.
 Located in the Bangladeshi port city of Chittagong and on the banks of the Karnaphuli River, the port of Chittagong handles 90% of Bangladesh's export-import trade, and has been used by India, Nepal and Bhutan for transshipment.
The 1968 Men's National Tennis League (NTL) was the inaugural series of professional tennis tournaments founded by George McCall, among others: Rod Laver, Roy Emerson, Ken Rosewall, Andrés Gimeno, Pancho Gonzales and Fred Stolle.
George McCall Theal (11 April 1837, Saint John, New Brunswick – 17 April 1919, Wynberg, Cape Town), was the most prolific and influential South African historian, archivist and genealogist of the late nineteenth and early twentieth century.
Saint John (] ) is the port city of the Bay of Fundy in the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
 The port is Canada’s third largest port by tonnage with a cargo base that includes dry and liquid bulk, break bulk, containers, and cruise.
 In 2016, after a decades long decline, the city fell from being the most populous city in New Brunswick to the second most populous city in the province for the first time, with a population of 67,575 over an area of 315.82 sqkm .
 The Saint John metropolitan area covers a land area of 3,362.95 sqkm across the Caledonia Highlands, with a population (as of 2016) of 126,202.
 After the partitioning of the colony of Nova Scotia in 1784, the new colony of New Brunswick was thought to be named 'New Ireland' with the capital to be in Saint John before being vetoed by Britain's King George III.
 Saint John is the oldest incorporated city in Canada.
 During the reign of George III, the municipality was created by royal charter in 1785.
Oakland is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County, California, United States.
 A major West Coast port city, Oakland is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area, the third largest city overall in the San Francisco Bay Area, the eighth largest city in California, and the 45th largest city in the United States, with a population of 419,267 as of 2015 .
 It serves as a trade center for the San Francisco Bay Area; its Port of Oakland is the busiest port in the San Francisco Bay, the entirety of Northern California, and the fifth busiest in the United States of America.
 The city was incorporated in 1852.
George McCall Courts (February 16, 1888 – August 1, 1932) was born in the District of Columbia.
 He graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1907.
 He received the Medal of Honor for actions at the United States occupation of Veracruz, 1914.
August Frederik Beutler (c. 1728 in Dinkelsbühl – ?
 in Cape Town) was an ensign (sergeant 1747–49, ensign 1749–54) in the employ of the Dutch East India Company who headed an epic 1752 reconnaissance expedition lasting 8 months from 29 February to November, eastward from Cape Town as far as the present-day site of Butterworth.
 Beutler wrote a comprehensive account of his pioneering expedition which was first published in 1896 by the historian George McCall Theal and in 1922 by the Dutch historian Everhardus Cornelis Godée Molsbergen (1875–1940).
 The mandate of the expedition was to report on the tribes living along the route, the possibility of trade and on anything else that might be profitable to the Dutch East India Company.
General George A. McCall School is a public K–8 school in the Society Hill section of Center City, Philadelphia.
 The McCall School, located at 325 S. 7th Street, serves Society Hill, Chinatown, and Old City.
 The school, a part of the School District of Philadelphia, is named after George A. McCall.
