The Tables of the Law ("Das Gesetz") is a 1944 novella by German writer Thomas Mann.
 It is a dramatic retelling of the Biblical story of Moses contained in the Book of Exodus, although some of the laws which Moses proscribes for his followers are taken from Leviticus.
 It was the only story that Mann was ever commissioned to write, and he finished it in just eight weeks, beginning on January 18, 1943, and ending on March 13, 1943.
 Publisher Armin L. Robinson, believing the Ten Commandments to be the basis on which civilization was founded, wanted to make a movie detailing the Nazi's "desecration of the Mosaic Decalogue."
 Instead, he settled on a book, entitled "The Ten Commandments: Ten Short Novels of Hitler's War Against the Moral Code," with ten authors, one for each commandment.
 Mann's novella, which he was paid $1000 to write, was originally meant to be the introduction to the volume, but Robinson liked it so much that he decided to make it the first story, under the heading "Thou Shalt Have No Other God Before Me."
 It should also be noted that Mann considered his story to be greatly superior to that of his fellow contributors, and he considered the overall book a "failure".
Snow Falling on Cedars is a 1994 award-winning novel written by American writer David Guterson.
 Guterson, who was a teacher at the time, wrote the book in the early morning hours over a ten-year period.
 Because of the success of the novel, however, he quit his job and began to write full-time.
Snow Falling on Cedars is a film directed by Scott Hicks.
 It is based on David Guterson's award-winning novel of the same title.
 It was released in 1999 and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography.
Thomas Mann Prize ("German": Thomas-Mann-Preis) is a literary prize of Germany.
 In full the title is "Thomas Mann Prize of the city of Lübeck and the Bavarian Academy of Fine Arts".
 It is given in alternate years in Lübeck and in Munich.
 The award is the product of a merger of two prizes in 2010, the Thomas Mann Preis der Hansestadt Lübeck (Thomas Mann Prize Lübeck) and the Großen Literaturpreis (Great Literature Prize) of the Bavarian Academy of Fine Arts.
 The Thomas Mann Prize Lübeck was first awarded in 1975; the Great Literature Prize was first awarded in 1950.
The Holy Sinner (in German, "Der Erwählte") is a German novel written by Thomas Mann.
 Published in 1951, it is based on the medieval verse epic "Gregorius" written by the German Minnesinger Hartmann von Aue (c. 1165-1210).
 The book explores a subject that fascinated Thomas Mann to the end of his life – the origins of evil and evil's connection with magic.
 Here Mann uses a medieval legend about "the exceeding mercy of God and the birth of the blessed Pope Gregory" as he used the biblical account of Joseph as the basis for Joseph and His Brothers – illuminating with his post-modernist "irony" the nature and relevance of medieval philosophy to the modern world (said connexion being "illuminated" is, in fact, ironic – in the classical sense).
The German School of Budapest - Thomas Mann Gymnasium (commonly referred to as DSB) ("German: Deutsche Schule Budapest - Thomas Mann Gymnasium") is a private international school in Budapest, Hungary.
 It was founded in 1908, and then re-founded in 1990, to serve German families in Hungary.
 It now has a diverse student body with primarily children of the expatriate business and diplomatic communities.
 The school is part of the worldwide network of the German (German schools abroad).
 Considered to be one of the best schools of its kind, it was awarded a Certificate of Excellence by the Central Agency for German Schools Abroad in 2012.
David Guterson ( ; born May 4, 1956) is an American novelist, short story writer, poet, journalist, and essayist.
 He is best known as the author of the book "Snow Falling on Cedars".
The Mann family is a German Hanseatic family, members of the small ruling class of the city republic of Lübeck.
 The family's most famous member is Nobel Prize for Literature laureate Thomas Mann, who portrayed his own family and social class in the novel "Buddenbrooks".
 The family became part of the commercial elite of Lübeck from the late 18th century.
 In 1877, Thomas Mann's father Thomas Johann Heinrich Mann was elected Senator of Lübeck (corresponding to Minister of Finance in other German states).
The Thomas Mann House at 1550 San Remo Drive in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, California, was designed by the modernist architect JR Davidson for the exiled German writer Thomas Mann in 1941.
 Mann lived at the house between 1942 and 1952 before his emigration to Switzerland, where he spent the last three years of his life.
 The house was sold by Mann to an American lawyer and his wife, and remained in their family until its 2016 purchase by the German government.
 A restoration of the house is planned, and it is intended that the house will become an artist's residence, like the nearby Villa Aurora, the home of fellow German exile Lion Feuchtwanger.
Golo Mann (27 March 1909 – 7 April 1994), born Angelus Gottfried Thomas Mann, was a popular historian, essayist and writer.
 He was the third child of the novelist Thomas Mann and his wife Katia Mann.
