Embley Park, in Wellow (near Romsey, Hampshire) was the family home of Florence Nightingale from 1825 until her death in 1910.
 It is also where Florence Nightingale claimed she had received her divine calling from God.
 It is now the location of Hampshire Collegiate School, a co-educational independent school for 3 -18 year olds.
USS "Florence Nightingale" (AP-70) was a Maritime Commission type C3-M cargo ship built as Mormacsun for Moore-McCormack Lines.
 "Mormacsun" operated for Moore-McCormack from May 1941 until December 1941 when she came under the War Shipping Administration (WSA) for the duration of World War II.
 The ship operated with Moore-McCormack as the WSA agent, playing an important role in early supply of the Southwest Pacific, until transfer to the United States Navy September 1942 and commissioning as "Florence Nightingale" whereupon she became an "Elizabeth C. Stanton"-class transport ship.
 She was named for Florence Nightingale (1820–1910), the nursing pioneer, and is one of the few United States Navy ships named after a woman.
 The ship was returned to WSA in 1946 and then to Moore-McCormack operating as "Mormacsun" until sold to operate as "Japan Transport" and lastly as "Texas".
Nursing in the United Kingdom has a long history.
 The current form of nursing is often considered as beginning with Florence Nightingale who pioneered 'modern nursing'.
 Florence Nightingale initiated formal schools of nursing in the United Kingdom in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 The role and perception of nursing has dramatically changed from that of 'handmaiden' to the doctor to professionals in their own right.
 There are over 300,000 nurses in the United Kingdom and they work in a variety of settings; hospitals, health centres, nursing homes, hospices, communities, academia etc. with most nurses working for the National Health Service (NHS).
 Nurses work across all demographics and requirements of the public; Adults and Children and mental health.
 Nurses work in a range of specialties from the broad areas of medicine, surgery, theatres, investigative sciences such as imaging, neo-natal etc.
 Nurses also work in a large areas of sub-specialities such as respiratory, diabetes, neurology, infectious diseases, liver, research, cardiac etc.
 Nurses often work in multi-disciplinary teams but increasingly are found working independently.
Edith Helen Paull (  1903 –1975) was an Indian medical nurse from Uttar Pradesh associated with the Indian Red Cross Society.
 She did her nursing studies at Bedford College, London, with the assistance of a Florence Nightingale scholarship and started her career in 1928.
 She held the post of the nursing matron at many renowned medical institutions such as the Lady Hardinge Medical College Hospital, New Delhi, the Government Civil Hospital, Allahabad, Gokuldas Tejpal Hospital, Mumbai and Jehangir Hospital, Pune and presided the Trained Nurses Association of India for six years.
 A winner of the Florence Nightingale Medal in 1964, she was honoured by the Government of India in 1967, with the award of Padma Shri, the fourth-highest Indian civilian award for her contributions to the society.
Notes on Nursing: What it is and What it is Not is a book first published by Florence Nightingale in 1859.
 A 76-page volume with 3 page appendix published by Harrison of Pall Mall, it was intended to give hints on nursing to those entrusted with the health of others.
 Florence Nightingale stressed that it was not meant to be a comprehensive guide from which to teach one's self to be a nurse but to help in the practice of treating others.
Florence Nightingale was a 60-minute 2008 BBC One television drama on the early years of Florence Nightingale, from 1837 to the Royal Commission into the Crimean War.
 Nightingale was played by Laura Fraser, and her father by Michael Pennington.
 It was first broadcast on Sunday 1 June 2008.
The Florence Nightingale Foundation (FNF) is a charity organisation in the United Kingdom that provides scholarships to nurses, midwives and other health professionals while serving as a living memorial of the work of Florence Nightingale.
Florence Nightingale is a 1915 British silent historical film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Elisabeth Risdon, Fred Groves and A.V. Bramble.
 The film portrays the life of Florence Nightingale, particularly her innovations in nursing during the Crimean War (1854-56).
 The film was based on Edward Tyas Cook's biography of Nightingale.
Jerry Barrett (1824–1906) was an English painter of the Victorian era.
 His most notable work was the Crimean War depiction ""The Mission of Mercy: Nightingale receiving the wounded at Scutari"" (1858) which is in the National Portrait Gallery (London), paired with ""Queen Victoria's First Visit to her Wounded Soldiers"".
 There is documentation to suggest that Barrett traveled to the Crimea to obtain sketches for his pictures.
 "Queen Victoria's First Visit to Her Wounded Soldiers" was exhibited at the Royal Exhibition Gallery in Piccadilly in May, 1856, and engraved by Agnews.
 It was Thomas Agnew who purchased "The Mission of Mercy" from the artist in August 1857, and exhibited it at Leggatt and Hayward Gallery in Cornhill in the summer of 1858 at the height of the Indian Mutiny.
The Nightingale Pledge, named in honour of Florence Nightingale, is a modified version of the Hippocratic Oath.
 Lystra Gretter and a Committee for the Farrand Training School for Nurses in Detroit, Michigan, created the pledge in 1893.
 Gretter, inspired by the work of Nightingale, the founder of modern nursing, credited the pledge to the work of her committee, but was herself considered "the moving spirit behind the idea" for the pledge.
