Peter Mærsk Møller (22 September 1836 – 9 February 1927) was a sea captain who perhaps is best known as the father of Arnold Peter Møller, founder of the Maersk corporation, and grandfather of Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller, who made Maersk the largest container ship operator and supply vessel operator in the world.
¨Bramsløkke is a manor house on the island of Lolland in southeastern Denmark.
 The main building is from c. 1690 and was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places by the Danish Heritage Agency on 31 December 1959.
 The estate has been owned by the Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller since 1939.
 It covers 243.1 hectares.
The Center for Electron Nanoscopy (CEN) is a state-of-the-art center for electron microscopy at the Technical University of Denmark (DTU).
 Inaugurated in December 2007, the institute was funded by a donation of DKK100 million from the A.P. Møller and Chastine Mc-Kinney Møller Foundation.
 DTU CEN houses seven new electron microscopes built by FEI Company ranging from a standard scanning electron microscope to two highly specialized Titan transmission electron microscopes.
 The microscopes are available for use by both in-house and external users.
The A. P. Møller School (Danish: "A. P. Møller Skolen" ) is a Danish gymnasium in Schleswig (Danish: "Slesvig"), Southern Schleswig, Germany.
 Inaugurated in September 2008, it was a gift to the Danish minority of Southern Schleswig from the A. P. Møller Foundation.
 It is named after the Danish shipping magnate of the same name.
Arnold Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller (13 July 1913 – 16 April 2012) was a Danish shipping magnate.
 He was a longtime figure at A.P. Moller – Maersk Group, which was founded by his father.
Arnold Peter Møller, commonly known as A. P. Møller, (2 October 1876 Dragør – 12 June 1965 Copenhagen) was a Danish shipping magnate, businessman who was the founder of the A.P. Moller-Maersk Group in 1904.
MV Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller is the lead ship of Maersk's Triple E class of container vessels.
 At the time of its entry into service in 2013, it had the largest cargo capacity in TEU of any vessel, and was the longest container ship in service worldwide.
 Constructed for Maersk by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) of South Korea, it was launched in February 2013 and entered operational service in July 2013.
 It was named for Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller, the CEO of Maersk between 1965 and 1993.
 The ship is the first of a class of 20 identical vessels.
The Møller Centre is a dedicated, residential executive training and conference centre in Cambridge.
 It is located at Churchill College, one of the constituent colleges of the University of Cambridge.
 It was founded with a gift of approximately £10 million to Churchill College, donated by the A.P. Møller & Chastine Mc-Kinney Møller Foundation, a Danish institution, set up in 1953 by shipping magnate A.P. Møller.
 Its full title is The Maersk Mc-Kinney Møller Centre for Continuing Education, named after Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller, the son and successor of A.P. Møller.
Ane Mærsk Mc-Kinney Uggla (born 3 July 1948), often referred to as Ane Uggla, is a Swedish-Danish business executive and the youngest daughter of Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller.
 Since 2012 she has chaired the A.P. Møller Foundation which owns the controlling stake in the Maersk Group, the world's largest container-ship and supply-vessel operator.
 She is considered to be one of the most powerful women in Denmark.
Arnold Peder Møller more known as A.P. Møller (2 October 1876 in Dragør – 12 June 1965 in Copenhagen, buried at Hellerup Cemetery.
 He was the fifth son out of nine and had three sisters as well.
 His father was Sea Captain Peter Mærsk Møller.
 And he became the father of Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller.
