Khan Kluay (Thai: ก้านกล้วย) is a 2006 Thai 3D computer-animated Action adventure comedy family feature film set during Ayutthaya-era Siam about a Thai elephant who wanders away from his mother and eventually becomes the war elephant for King Naresuan.
 It is based on "Chao Praya Prab Hongsawadee" by Ariya Jintapanichkarn.
 It was officially released as Jumbo in India and The Blue Elephant in the United States.
 There is a sequel to this movie, known as "Khan Kluay 2".
 This movie is about Khan Kluay's two elephant children, another attack by the Hongsawadi (Burmese), and struggling whether to live with his wife or fight the Burmese.
Khan Kluay (voiced in English by Martin Short as an adult and Thomas Starkley as a calf) is a blue elephant.
 His back is curved like banana stalk.
 He was selected to be war elephant of Naresuan.
 His mother's name is Sang Da and his father's name is Phu Pha who died in the war.
Jason Francesco Schwartzman (born June 26, 1980) is an American actor, screenwriter and musician.
 He is known for his frequent collaborations with Wes Anderson, such as "Rushmore" (1998), "The Darjeeling Limited" (2007), "Fantastic Mr. Fox" (2009), "Moonrise Kingdom" (2012) and "The Grand Budapest Hotel" (2014).
 He also starred in other films, such as "Spun" (2003), "I Heart Huckabees" (2004), "Shopgirl" (2005), "Marie Antoinette" (2006), "Funny People" (2009), "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" (2010), and "Saving Mr. Banks" (2013).
There are more than 1,200 types of Thai traditional games.
 These games originated in the era of the Sukhothai Kingdom (1238-1438).
 Hundreds of years later, during the reign of Rama VI, the games grew popular again among Thai children.
 The original purpose of Thai traditional games was to form good relationships between adults and young people, and for entertainment, relaxation, and exercise.
 In that period, children's games were played with songs and rules to make them more entertaining.
 They are designed to allow players from a range of socioeconomic statuses, as most traditional Thai games utilized raw natural materials.
 For example, sand, mud balls, khan kluay (The stem of the banana tree) were components of games.
 This use of raw, widely available materials makes Thai traditional games easy to play.
The novel opens with Dr. Marina Singh reading a letter from Dr. Annick Swenson to Mr. Fox, Marina's boss and secret lover.
 Anders Eckman, her co-worker at the pharmaceutical company Vogel, has reportedly died at Dr. Swenson’s research site in the Amazonian rainforest.
 Dr. Eckman’s widow begs Marina to find out what happened, and Mr. Fox agrees to send her.
 Mr. Fox’s other motive is that Dr. Swenson has been given a blank check to conduct research into a new miracle drug, and refuses to inform him of her progress.
Khan Kluay (Thai: ก้านกล้วย ; rtgs: Kan Kluai ;  ] ) is a Thai computer-animated feature film set during Ayutthaya-era Siam about an elephant who wanders away from his mother and eventually becomes the war elephant for King Naresuan.
 It is based on "Chao Praya Prab Hongsawadee" by Ariya Jintapanichkarn.
 A PC game called Khankluay:The Adventure has also been released in Thailand.
Khan Kluay 2 is a three-dimensional animated movie from Thailand, directed by Taweelap Srivuthivong and released in 2009.
 It is the sequel to "Khan Kluay" and follows the further adventures of the war elephant of King Naresuan the Great.
 It is set during the war between Ayutthaya and Bago.
 Its theme is the need to protect family and country.
 The movie grossed 79 million baht.
Jumbo is a 2008 Bollywood animation film directed by Kompin Kemgumnird, produced by Percept Picture Company and features the voices of Akshay Kumar, Lara Dutta, Dimple Kapadia, Rajpal Yadav, Asrani, Gulshan Grover, and Yuvraj Singh.
It has Yashveer Bains as lead role of Jumbo.
 The film is an official remake/redubbing of the 2006 Thai film "Khan Kluay".
 The film was dubbed and released in Hindi and the creative direction on the Hindi film was by Mayur Puri.
 "Jumbo" released worldwide on Christmas Day 2008, but was met with poor critical reviews and turned out to be one of the biggest box office disasters of the year.
 In 2011 A direct to DVD sequel titled Jumbo 2: The Return of the Big Elephant was released.
Kantana Group Public Company Limited (Thai: บริษัท กันตนา กรุ๊ป จำกัด "bor-rí-sàt gan-dtà-năa gróop jam-gàt ") is a film and television production company based in Bangkok, Thailand.
 It is one of Thailand's oldest and largest film studios.
 The company's post-production facilities, including the joint-venture Oriental Post, are a major Asian hub for film processing and editing.
 The company is also known for its animation work, which includes the 2006 feature film "Khan Kluay".
Fantastic Mr. Fox is a 2009 American stop-motion animated comedy film based on Roald Dahl's children's novel of the same name.
 The film is about a fox who steals food each night from three mean and wealthy farmers.
 They are fed up with Mr. Fox's theft and try to kill him, so they dig their way into the foxes' home, but the animals are able to outwit the farmers and live underground.
