The Tengku Ampuan Jemaah Mosque or Bukit Jelutong Mosque is a Selangor's royal mosque located in Bukit Jelutong (Section U8) near Shah Alam, Malaysia.
 It is the second state mosque of Selangor after Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Mosque in Section 14.
 This royal mosque was named after the consort of the late Almarhum Sultan Sir Hisamuddin Alam Shah, late Almarhumah Tengku Ampuan Jemaah of Selangor.
 She was also the second Raja Permaisuri Agong (Queen) of Malaysia.
Europa Road is a major road in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 It begins near Trafalgar Cemetery and Trafalgar Road and connects the centre with the southern tip of the territory at Europa Point.
 Along its way the road passes The Rock Hotel, Gibraltar Botanic Gardens, and the Ibrahim-al-Ibrahim Mosque.
Keightley Way is a southwestern road and tunnel in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 It connects Rosia Road at Little Bay to the Ibrahim-al-Ibrahim Mosque and Nun's Well at Europa Point.
 Dug in 1960, it was the last surface tunnel to be built in Gibraltar.
 The tunnel was designed to take a two lane road and space for pedestrians, although it now only carries one lane of traffic southbound.
 It was named after General Sir Charles Keightley who was the Governor of Gibraltar at the time.
The Ibrahim-al-Ibrahim Mosque, also known as the King Fahd bin Abdulaziz al-Saud Mosque or the Mosque of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, is a mosque located at Europa Point in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, a peninsula connected to southern Spain.
 The mosque faces south towards the Strait of Gibraltar and Morocco several kilometres away.
Begumpur Mosque (also called Begumpur Big Mosque) is a mosque located in Madurai Road, Begampur in Dindigul, the capital of the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Constructed in the Mughal architectural style, the mosque was built by Haidar Ali.
 The mosque is named after Ameerunnisa Begum, the younger sister of Hyder, who is buried in the mosque during 1766.
The Abidin Mosque (Malay: "Masjid Abidin") is Terengganu's old state royal mosque built by Sultan Zainal Abidin II between 1793 and 1808.
 The mosque, which is also known as the White Mosque or the Big Mosque, is located in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia.
 The old Royal Mausoleum is situated near the mosque.
The Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Mosque (Malay: Masjid Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz) is the state mosque of Selangor, Malaysia.
 It is located in Shah Alam.
 It is the country's largest mosque and also the second largest mosque in Southeast Asia after Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia.
 Its most distinguishing feature is its large blue and silver dome.
 The mosque has four minarets, one erected at each of the corners.
Mardinli Mosque (Azerbaijani: "Mərdinli məscidi" ; sometimes transliterated as Merdinli Mosque) was an Azerbaijani mosque located in Shusha, Karabakh region of Azerbaijan about 350 km from capital Baku but is currently under control of Armenian forces since the occupation of Shusha on May 8, 1992.
 The mosque was located on intersection of Sadigjan and Garasherov streets of Mardinli neighborhood of Shusha.
 Mardinli neighbourhood is one of 8 upper and earlier neighbourhoods of Shusha.
 In total, there are 17 neighbourhoods.
 Mardinli Mosque was one of the 17th mosques functioning in Shusha by the end of the 19th century.
 Mardinli mosque was located in the World Heritage Site of Shusha State Historical and Architectural Reserve.
The Defterdar Mosque, or in long form the Defterdar Mahmut Efendi Mosque (Turkish: "Defterdar Camii, Defterdar Mahmut Efendi Camii" ), is a historical mosque located in Eyüp, Istanbul, Turkey.
 It was commissioned by Defterdar Nazlı Mahmut Efendi (c. 1500-1546) and built by architect Mimar Sinan in 1542 ("defterdar" was the head of the financial department in Ottoman Empire).
 Instead of a crescent, this mosque has "ink pot and pen" on top of its dome, representing the profession of the founder of the mosque.
 (since "defterdar" means chamberlain, literally it means defter:notebook + dar:suffix for "doer").
 The original pair was broken by a storm in 1997.
 Ten years later, on 30 May 2007, a new inkpot and a pen assembled on top of the dome of the mosque.
The An-Nur Kota Raya Mosque (Malay: "Masjid An-Nur Kota Raya") is a mosque in Plaza Kotaraya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.
 It is the only mosque in Malaysia which is located in a shopping complex.
 It is owned by Johor Corporation (J-Corp), the Johor state government's investment arm.
 While the mosque is not the only mosque in Malaysia that is fully air-conditioned, it is still a unique feature of the mosque.
 As it is located in a shopping complex, the mosque has the privilege of having a Kamdar below it.
