Dry Creek Airport (FAA LID: TS07) is a private airport located in Cypress, Texas, 7 mi northwest of the central business district of Houston, in Harris County, Texas, United States.
 It was originally constructed in 1969 by two neighbors, Cleo Bickford and John Kane.
 The original runway was 2,300 feet long, and is now 3580 feet long.
The Type C5 ship is a United States Maritime Administration (MARAD) designation for World War II breakbulk cargo and later a container ship for containerization shipments.
 The first type C5 class ship was a class of ships constructed and produced in the United States during World War II.
 The World War II C5 class ship was dry bulk cargo ship built by Bethlehem Steel in Sparrows Point, Maryland.
 Bethlehem Steel built 8 ship in this bulk cargo class and four orders were canceled.
 The C5 class ship has a DWT of 24,250 and was 560 feet long.
 The C5 was mainly used as iron ore carriers.
 The C5 was needed to replace other ships that sank during WW2.
 First in her class was the SS "Venore", USMC #1982, delivered on 20 July 1945.
 Type C5 class ship designed to fill the need to move iron ore from Santa Cruz, Chile, to Sparrows Point, Md., through the Panama Canal, a round-trip trip 8700 nautical miles.
The Sutliff Bridge is a bridge over the Cedar River at Sutliff, a Johnson County community near Lisbon, Iowa, United States.
 A Parker truss bridge, it was built in 1897 and 1898 at a cost of approximately $12,000.
 J.R. Sheely was the engineer for the original Sutliff Bridge.
 After a modern replacement was built over the Cedar in 1983, the bridge was slated for destruction, but it was ultimately saved, and on May 15, 1998, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Although the bridge remained a celebrated location for locals and for visitors from across Iowa, including a 5k foot race beloved as the “worst road race in America", it succumbed to massive floods in the second week of June 2008: while the river normally flowed many feet below the bottom of the bridge, the floods topped the bridge's deck, and one of the bridge's spans was washed away on June 13 as the surrounding countryside was inundated with vast amounts of water.
 It is estimated that restoring the bridge will cost $1.7 million.
 Most of this money would come from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), with the rest coming from donations and local governments; both FEMA and the Johnson County Board of Supervisors have agreed in principle to repair the bridge.
 The bridge reconstruction was supervised by VJ Engineering of Coralville, Iowa and construction was completed by Iowa Bridge and Culvert of Washington, Iowa.
 In October 2012 a ribbon cutting ceremony was held opening the bridge to public use for the first time in four years.
Cudjoe Kazoola Lewis (c. 1840 – 1935), or Cudjo Lewis, was the last known survivor of the Atlantic slave trade between Africa and the United States.
 Together with 115 other captives, he was brought illegally to the United States on board the ship "Clotilde" in 1860.
 They were landed in the backwaters near Mobile, Alabama and hidden from authorities.
 The ship was scuttled to evade discovery.
Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 9 is a historic lock and dam complex located at Madison Township and Washington Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania.
 It was built between 1935 and 1938 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, and includes the lock, dam, steel miter gates, and Operations Building.
 The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet, and has a lift of 22 feet.
 The dam measures approximately 60 feet high and 918 feet long.
 The Operations Building, or powerhouse, is a utilitarian two-story building in a vernacular early-20th century revival style.
 The lock and dam were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a part of an extensive system of locks and dams to improve navigation along the Allegheny River.
Valley Cottage, also known as Wallis House, is a historic home located at Georgetown, Kent County, Maryland, United States.
 It is a two-story gambrel roofed structure consisting of a 42 feet long 18th century portion with a 16 feet long extension built in 1954.
Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 5 is a historic lock and dam complex located at Gilpin Township and South Buffalo Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania.
 It was built between 1920 and 1927 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, and consists of the lock, dam, esplanade, and Operations Building.
 The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet, and has a lift of 11.6 feet.
 The dam measures approximately 22 feet high and 632 feet long.
 The Operations Building, or powerhouse, is a utilitarian two-story building in a vernacular Moderne style.
 The lock and dam were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a part of an extensive system of locks and dams to improve navigation along the Allegheny River.
Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 6 is a historic lock and dam complex located at Bethel Township and South Buffalo Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania.
 It was built between 1927 and 1928 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, and consists of the lock, dam, esplanade, Operations Building, and two locktenders' houses.
 The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet, and has a lift of 12.4 feet.
 The dam measures approximately 20 feet high and 992 feet long.
 The Operations Building, or powerhouse, is a utilitarian two-story building in a vernacular early-20th century revival style.
 The locktenders' houses are identical two-story, brick dwellings on concrete foundations.
 The lock and dam were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a part of an extensive system of locks and dams to improve navigation along the Allegheny River.
St. Nicholas Chapel, also known as the Santa Claus Church, is a historic Russian Orthodox church in Ekuk, Alaska, United States.
 The small, single story wood frame building was constructed in 1918 or 1919, replacing an earlier church.
 When originally built it was 16 feet wide and 21 feet long, but the chamber was subsequently lengthened, and is now 34 feet long.
 If it were not for its modest exterior religious symbols, it might be mistaken for a rural schoolhouse.
 The church and its graveyeard are located on a bluff which is subject to extensive erosion of the coast and, being just 185 feet from the shoreline, could be endangered in the next 50-100 years.
The Type P1 ship is a United States Maritime Administration (MARAD) designation for World War II passenger ships. P1 was used in World War II, Korean War and Vietnam War.
 Type P1 were the smallest of the P class ships, at 400 to 500 feet long.
 Two P1-S2-L2 ships were built for the Navy and used as attack transports (APA).
 Many P1 type ships were built on type C3-class ship hulls.
