Anthony Frank Scrivener QC (31 July 1935 – 27 March 2015) was a British barrister.
 His notable work included the defence of Tony Martin, the Norfolk farmer convicted in 2001 of the shooting and murder of a burglar, and in 2005, the defence of Saddam Hussein against mass murder charges.
Boggo Road Gaol (alternative and older spelling "Bogga") was a notorious and heritage-listed, Australian prison located on Annerley Road in Dutton Park, an inner southern suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
 The site is the only surviving intact gaol in Queensland that reflects penological principles of the 19th century.
 For many years it was Queensland's main prison.
 Today, the prison is open for the public to visit through guided historical tours run by Boggo Road Gaol Pty.
Kenta Matsudaira (松平 健太 , Matsudaira Kenta , born April 11, 1991) is a Japanese table tennis player.
 Winner of the 2006 World Junior Championships in singles, he was the world number one junior player in 2008.
 He is world-renowned for his tomahawk serve, which he has popularized throughout his career.
 The serve itself is rather unorthodox but still ample in efficiency, making it even more effective due to its unfamiliar nature.
 His serve has been one of the imperative factors in his illustrious junior career, alongside making him a top 50 player for many years.
 He also utilizes its reverse variation.
Viscount Mackintosh of Halifax, of Hethersett in the County of Norfolk, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1957 for the businessman and public servant Harold Mackintosh, 1st Baron Mackintosh of Halifax.
 He was the owner of the confectionery business of John Mackintosh & Sons Ltd and for many years Chairman of the National Savings Committee.
 Mackintosh had already been created a baronet, of Halifax in the County of York, in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 28 January 1935, and Baron Mackintosh of Halifax, of Hethersett in the County of Norfolk, in 1948, also in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 s of 2017 the titles are held by his grandson, the third Viscount, who succeeded his father in 1980.
Hervé Fischer (born 1941 in France), artist-philosopher and sociologist.
 He graduated from the École Normale Supérieure (Rue d'Ulm, Paris, 1964) and defended his Master's thesis on Spinoza's political philosophy with Raymond Aron and devoted his main research to the sociology of colour.
 For many years he taught the sociology of communication and culture at the Sorbonne, where he was promoted to master lecturer in 1981.
 At the same time, he developed a career as a multi-media artist and creator of "sociological art" (1971) and initiated many public participation projects with radio, television, and print media in many European and Latin American countries before coming to Quebec.
 He speaks fluently French, English, German and Spanish.
Dennis Pennington (May 18, 1776 – September 2, 1854) was a farmer and a stonemason who became known for his many years in public office as an early legislator in the Indiana Territory and in Indiana's General Assembly as a representative of Harrison County, Indiana.
 Pennington, a member of the Whig Party, became the first speaker of the Indiana territorial legislature's lower house in 1810, served as the territory's census enumerator in 1815, and represented Harrison County as one of its five delegates to the constitutional convention of 1816.
 Pennington was the first speaker of the Indiana Senate (1816 to 1818), and served in the state legislature for eighteen years, which included five years in the Indiana House of Representatives and thirteen years in the Indiana Senate.
 His major political contributions relate to his strong opposition to slavery.
 Pennington ran unsuccessfully for Indiana's Lieutenant Governor in 1825.
 In addition to his service in the state legislature, Penning was a Harrison County sheriff and a justice of the peace, a trustee of Indiana University, and a member of the Grand Lodge of Indiana.
 He also supervised construction of the limestone courthouse that served as Indiana's first state capitol building in Corydon, Indiana.
 The historic Old Capitol, the seat of state government from 1816 to 1825, is one of his most enduring legacies.
 Fondly remembered as "Old Uncle Dennis" or "Father Pennington," he was known for his common sense and strong character and became one of Harrison County's most influential citizens.
John Wesley Boyd, Jr. (born September 4, 1965) is a Baskerville, Virginia farmer, civil rights activist and the founder of the National Black Farmers Association (NBFA).
 He owns and operates a 300 acre farm where he grows soybean, corn and wheat and currently raises a hundred head of beef cattle.
 For 14 years Boyd was a chicken farmer in a Perdue Farms breeder program.
 He was also a tobacco farmer for many years.
Stalham railway station was a station in North Norfolk serving the settlement of Stalham.
 It was on the line between Melton Constable and Great Yarmouth.
 It is now closed, having been shut in 1959 when the line was closed.
 The station lay derelict and unused for many years after closure.
 However the station buildings were dismantled and rebuilt at the new Holt station on the North Norfolk Railway.
Juvénal Rugambarara is a former mayor of Bicumi in the now-defunct Kigali Rural province (Bicumbi now resides mostly in Rwamagana).
 He succeeded Laurent Semanza as mayor of the commune on 16 September 1993.
 He was involved in planning, incitement and arms distribution to the Interahamwe during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994.
 Soon afterward, he fled to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where he spent three years in hiding.
 However, when the First Congo War erupted in the DRC in 1997, he then fled to Uganda, assumed a pseudonym and became a tobacco farmer.
 He was arrested in 2003 by Interpol, and was sentenced to 11 years in prison by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda for his involvement in the genocide.
 He will serve his sentence in France.
Anthony Edward "Tony" Martin (born   1944) is a farmer from Norfolk, England, who shot a burglar dead in his home in August 1999.
 Martin was convicted of murder, later reduced to manslaughter on grounds of diminished responsibility, and served three years in prison, having been denied parole.
 He has since lived at a secret address.
