Albert Cricket Ground, also known as the Albert Reserve and previously as the Warehouseman's Cricket Ground, is a cricket ground in St Kilda, Victoria.
 It is operated by the Melbourne Cricket Club (MCC), and used as its primary home ground in the Victorian Premier Cricket competition.
The Collingwood Football Club, nicknamed the Magpies or less formally the Pies, is an Australian rules football club which plays in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 Formed in 1892, the club was named after the inner-Melbourne suburb and city of Collingwood, and was originally based at Victoria Park in Abbotsford; the club is now based in the nearby Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct in Melbourne, playing its home games at the Melbourne Cricket Ground and with its training and administrative base at Olympic Park Oval and the Holden Centre.
Emerald Hill Cricket Ground (also known as the Melbourne Cricket Club Ground and South Yarra Ground) was a cricket ground in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
 The ground held the second ever first-class match to be played in Australia when Victoria played Tasmania in March 1852.
 The match was won by Victoria by 61 runs.
 The last recorded match came on 5 January 1888 when Yarra Bend played GF Vernon's XI.
Ben McNiece (born 22 March 1992) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 He was recruited by Essendon as a category B rookie through the next generation academy in November 2016, qualifying by virtue of his mother being Indian.
 He had previously played for Essendon's VFL team for the prior two seasons.
 He made his AFL debut in the Anzac Day clash against Collingwood at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in round five of the 2017 season in an eighteen-point win.
The Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG), also known simply as "The G", is an Australian sports stadium located in Yarra Park, Melbourne, Victoria.
 Home to the Melbourne Cricket Club, it is the 10th-largest stadium in the world, the largest in Australia, the largest in the Southern Hemisphere, the largest cricket ground by capacity, and has the tallest light towers of any sporting venue.
 The MCG is within walking distance of the city centre and is served by the Richmond railway station, Richmond, and the Jolimont railway station, East Melbourne.
 It is part of the Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct.
The Queen's Birthday clash is an annual Australian rules football match between the Melbourne Football Club and Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) on the Queen's Birthday public holiday in Victoria (the second Monday in June).
The 1935 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Collingwood Football Club and South Melbourne Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 5 October 1935.
 It was the 39th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1935 VFL season.
 The match, attended by 54,154 spectators, was won by Collingwood by a margin of 20 points, marking that club's tenth premiership victory.
The Anzac Day clash is an annual Australian rules football match between Collingwood and Essendon, held on Anzac Day (25 April) at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG).
Australia and New Zealand both have Anzac Day Acts providing for the commemoration of Anzac Day in those countries.
 In New Zealand the current act is the Anzac Day Act 1966, and in Australia, the Anzac Day Act 1995.
This is a list of cricket grounds in Australia.
 The list includes all grounds that have been used for Test, One Day International, Twenty20 International, first-class, List A and domestic Twenty20 cricket matches.
 Grounds that have hosted men's international cricket games are listed in bold.
 The Sydney Cricket Ground has hosted the most first-class games in Australia, with 655 games as of the 2010–11 season.
 The Melbourne Cricket Ground has hosted the most List A games, with 228, and the Adelaide Oval and the WACA Ground have both hosted 16 Twenty20 games.
 The Melbourne Cricket Ground has hosted 884 games overall, an Australian record.
