Piola is a station on Line 2 of the Milan Metro.
 The station is located on the corner between Via Giovanni Pacini and Via Antonio Bazzini, just east of the Piazzale Gabrio Piola.
 The station serves Lambrate neighborhood and the district called "Città Studi" (study city), a big urban university area comprising Politecnico di Milano and the Milan University campuses.
KWXL-LP (98.7 FM) is a high school radio station broadcasting a variety format.
 Licensed to Tucson, Arizona, United States, the station serves the Tucson area.
 The station is currently owned by the Tucson Unified School District.
 KWXL-LP is Tucson's only high school radio station.
 It is also a news radio station for students who attend Pueblo High Magnet School.
 Students broadcasting over the radio station are enrolled in a "Writing/Reporting for Broadcasting" class with instructor Sarah Walson.
 Originally started by Douglas Potter, who retired in 2006.
 Listeners can also find FM 98.7, KWXL on iTunes.
KRBT (1340 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a sports format.
 Licensed to Eveleth, Minnesota, United States, the station serves the Iron Range area.
 The station is currently owned by Range Broadcasting, Inc., and features programming from the Red Zone Radio Network.
 Originally a stand alone music station with call letters WEVE, then a simulcast music station with WEVE-FM, the station changed it's call letters to KRBT for "Range's Best Talk" in June of 1998 and discontinued simulcast with WEVE-FM to become a talk station.
 The format change to sports/talk was made following the death of previous owner, Lew Latto, Iron Range Broadcasting, Inc.
 President on August, 24 2011 and subsequent sale to Red Rock Radio in March 2012, and has been retained by the new owner as of July 2017, Range Broadcasting, Inc.
WCMS-FM (94.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a New Country format.
 Licensed to Hatteras, North Carolina, USA, the station serves the Elizabeth City-Nags Head area.
 WCMS is an affiliate of MRN, PRN and the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Radio Network and carries the NASCAR Sprint Cup and Nationwide Series races.
 WCMS has used the name "Water Country" since it signed on in 2000.
 The original call letters were WWOC.
 The change to the WCMS call letters was granted on 7/28/2005.
 The station is currently owned by Max Media after a sale from Ray-D-O Biz LLC.
KQIP-LP (107.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Chico, California, United States, the station serves the Chico area.
 The station is currently owned by Calvary Chapel of Chico.
 KQIP 107.1 FM is a low power FM radio station in Chico, California however it also broadcasts online.
 The radio station airs Bible studies from several Calvary Chapel pastors, as well as a small selection of Christian music.
 The radio station also airs Pastor Sam Allen from Calvary Chapel Chico on The Calvary Road Radio Broadcast, a weekday radio program.
 Listen Live at: http://ccchico.com/KQIP
KLIK (1240 AM), branding as Newstalk 1240, is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format.
 Licensed to Jefferson City, Missouri, United States, the station serves the Columbia, Missouri area.
 The station is currently owned by Cumulus Media and features programing from ABC Radio and Westwood One.
 KLIK also operates a local news operation with sister station KFRU (1400 AM in Columbia, Missouri).
 From 1954 until September 8, 1999, KLIK was located at 950 AM, transmitting with a daytime power of 5000 watts and a nighttime power of 500 watts (directional) from a four tower array about 3.2 miles south of Jefferson City.
 Early owners of KLIK broadcast a varied format of news and talk programs including music programs of middle of the road, top 40, adult contemporary and country music as 95 KLIK.
 For many years, KLIK and KJFF as the two largest regional radio stations (the most powerful AM and FM station in the region) dominated radio listenership in cumulative market share in the Columbia-Jeff City Market of Central Missouri.
 In the 1970s and early 1980s KLIK was known as the Live 95 as its broadcasts were all programmed by live deejays, talk hosts and newscasters rather than by a satellite or automation system.
 KLIK once operated with an FM sister station in the 1970s and 1980s known was KJFF 106.9 FM a 100,000 watt semi-automated easy listening music station with a large regional coverage signal.
 In the early 1980s KLIK and KJFF-FM together were sold by the local Jefferson City operators to a regional group broadcaster, and newspaper publisher, Brill Media.
 In about 1982, KJFF-FM 106.9 FM became an adult contemporary music station, initially with a satellite delivered music format, and easy listening music was phased out along with the KJFF call letters which were replaced by the new FM call signs of KTXY.
 KLIK 950 AM transitioned over from AC/Contemporary music at about the same time to a 24-hour-a-day live country/western format known as 95 Country.
 KLIK carried a variety of programming and a mostly country music format until the late 1990s.
KVKI-FM (96.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary music format.
 Licensed to Shreveport, Louisiana, United States, the station serves the Shreveport area.
 The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
 Its studios are shared with its other five sister stations in West Shreveport (one mile west of Shreveport Regional Airport), and the transmitter is in Blanchard, Louisiana.
 The call letters were originally KBCL, and later became religious station KEPT, before the call letters were changed to KVKI to be similar to the call letters of the popular KVIL radio station in Dallas, Texas.
KKBN (93.5 FM) The Cabin a radio station since 1986 broadcasting a Country music format since March 2000.
 Licensed to Twain Harte, California, United States, the station serves the greater Mother Lode area comprising Tuolumne and Calaveras Counties with a combined population of approximately 110,000.
 The station is currently owned by Clarke Broadcasting Corporation.
KSKU (94.7 FM, "Hit Radio 94.7") is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio format.
 Licensed to Sterling, Kansas, United States, the station serves the Hutchinson, Kansas area.
 The station is currently owned by Ad Astra Per Aspera Broadcasting, Inc.
 The KSKU call letters have been moved to 5 different frequencies across the FM band in central Kansas since 1985.
 KSKU has previously broadcast on these frequencies in this order 102.1, 106.1(sister station KXKU now broadcasts on 106.1), and 97.1.
 As well as music, the station broadcasts several high school football and basketball games from area schools.
 KSKU is a member of the Jayhawk Radio Network and regularly broadcasts the Kansas Jayhawks football and men's basketball games.
WLMR (1450 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious format.
 Licensed to Chattanooga, Tennessee, USA, the station serves the Chattanooga area.
 The station is currently owned by Wilkins Communications Network, Inc. and features programming from USA Radio Network.
 In the early 1980s, the station was automated and played country music from studios in a strip mall on Brainerd Rd.
 It was also Chattanooga's first talk radio station when it held the WZRA call letters.
 WZRA was the first home of Jeff Styles, and also featured well known personalities such as Kelly McCoy and Robert T. Nash.
