Lonely Planet is a two character play written by Steven Dietz.
 The play tells the story of Jody and Carl, two gay men who live in an unnamed American city.
 The play was written during the midst of the AIDS epidemic, which is the central focus of the story, though ultimately the play sends the message that one should pay attention to the world around them and realize its problems rather than shun it.
 The play heavily references the Eugène Ionesco comedy "The Chairs".
Victims of Duty (French: Victimes du Devoir ) is a one-act play written in 1953 by French-Romanian playwright Eugène Ionesco.
 An early work, it has not received the notoriety of his other works.
 The play is in the Theatre of the Absurd style, of which Ionesco was a pioneer.
La Cantatrice Chauve — translated from French as The Bald Soprano or The Bald Prima Donna — is the first play written by Romanian-French playwright Eugène Ionesco.
The New Tenant (French: "Le Nouveau Locataire" ) is a play written by Eugène Ionesco in 1955.
 The central image is common to many Ionesco plays: something accumulates on stage and overwhelms the characters.
 In this case its furniture.
 The main characters are a gentleman, a caretaker, and two movers.
 The caretaker talks as the gentleman, the "new tenant" of the title, directs the two movers who continuously bring in furniture.
Eugène Ionesco (born Eugen Ionescu, ] ; 26 November 1909 – 28 March 1994) was a Romanian-French playwright who wrote mostly in French, and one of the foremost figures of the French Avant-garde theatre.
 Beyond ridiculing the most banal situations, Ionesco's plays depict the solitude and insignificance of human existence in a tangible way.
The Lesson (French: "La Leçon" ) is a one-act play by French-Romanian playwright Eugène Ionesco.
 It was first performed in 1951 in a production directed by Marcel Cuvelier (who also played the Professor).
 Since 1957 it has been in permanent showing at Paris' Théâtre de la Huchette, on an Ionesco double-bill with The Bald Soprano.
 The play is regarded as an important work in the "Theatre of the Absurd".
Exit the King (French: Le Roi se meurt ) is an absurdist drama by Eugène Ionesco that premiered in 1962.
 It is the third in Ionesco's "Berenger Cycle", preceded by "The Killer" (1958) and "Rhinocéros" (1959), and followed by "A Stroll in the Air" (1963).
The Killer (French: Tueur sans gages , sometimes translated "The Killer without Reason" or "The Killer without Cause") is a play written by Eugène Ionesco in 1958.
 It is the first of Ionesco's Berenger plays, the others being "Rhinocéros" (1959), "Exit the King" (1962), and "A Stroll in the Air" (1963).
Rebecca Lynn Forstadt (born December 16, 1953), also known as Reba West, is an American voice actress, best known for playing young female roles in various animated series.
 After studying theater at Orange Coast College, in Costa Mesa, California, Forstadt began her acting career by working at Knott's Berry Farm's Bird Cage Theater, performing melodramas, often as the damsel in distress character.
 Later, she went to Hollywood where she worked as a wardrobe mistress on such television shows as "The White Shadow" and "Hill Street Blues", as well as for the film "S.O.B.".
 She also spent several years doing live theater in the Los Angeles area.
 Most notably, she won some recognition for her portrayal of the character Josette in the world premiere of Eugène Ionesco's "Tales for People Under 3 Years of Age" at the Stages Theatre Center in 1982.
 She starred in several low-budget movies such as "Mugsy's Girls", with Ruth Gordon and Laura Branigan, and "Round Numbers" with Kate Mulgrew, Samantha Eggar, and Shani Wallis.
 She also appeared as a television actress in "Hill Street Blues", "St. Elsewhere", and "L.A. Law".
 Her voice acting breakthrough came when she landed the leading role of Lynn Minmei in the English version of "Robotech", the popular anime series of the 1980s.
 Since then, she has voiced hundreds of other anime characters like Nunnally Lamperouge in "Code Geass" and Tima from "Metropolis" and has branched into non-anime cartoons, live-action shows (such as "Masked Rider" and ""), commercials and radio work, and has performed background voices for movies such as "Antz", "Dr. Dolittle", and "The Santa Clause".
Donald Merriam Allen (Iowa, 1912 – San Francisco, August 29, 2004) was an influential editor, publisher, and translator of contemporary American literature.
 He is perhaps best known for his project "The New American Poetry 1945-1960" (1960), among the several important anthologies of contemporary American innovative writing he made available to the public.
 Allen began his working life as a Japanese translator within the US military, serving in WWII.
 After his military service, Allen became an editor at Grove Press, where he worked for sixteen years.
 He was one of the first translators of the Romanian-French Absurdist playwright Eugène Ionesco, and Allen's 1958 volume "Four Plays of Eugène Ionesco" helped to introduce the playwright to American audiences in the 1960s.
