String is a long flexible structure made from fibers twisted together into a single strand, or from multiple such strands which are in turn twisted together.
 String is used to tie, bind, or hang other objects.
 It is also used as a material to make things, such as textiles, and in arts and crafts.
 String is a simple tool, and its use by humans is known to have been developed tens of thousands of years ago.
 In Mesoamerica, for example, string was invented some 20,000 to 30,000 years ago, and was made by twisting plant fibers together.
 String may also be a component in other tools, and in devices as diverse as weapons, musical instruments, and toys.
Richard G. Klein (born April 11, 1941) is a Professor of Biology and Anthropology at Stanford University.
 He is the Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Professor in the School of Humanities and Sciences.
 He earned his PhD at the University of Chicago in 1966, and was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in April 2003.
 His research interests include paleoanthropology, Africa and Europe.
 His primary thesis is that modern humans evolved in East Africa some 100,000 years ago and, starting 50,000 years ago, began spreading throughout the non-African world, replacing archaic human populations over time.
 He is a critic of the idea that behavioral modernity arose gradually over the course of tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of years or millions of years, instead supporting the view that modern behavior arose suddenly in the Upper Paleolithic revolution around 50,000 or 40,000 years ago.
The most recent understanding of the evolution of insects is based on studies of the following branches of science: molecular biology, insect morphology, paleontology, insect taxonomy, evolution, embryology, bioinformatics and scientific computing.
 It is estimated that the class of insects originated on Earth about 480 million years ago, in the Ordovician, at about the same time terrestrial plants appeared.
 Insects evolved from a group of crustaceans.
 The first insects were land bound, but about 400 million years ago in the Devonian period one lineage of insects evolved flight, the first animals to do so.
 The oldest definitive insect fossil, "Rhyniognatha hirsti", is estimated to be  396 .
 Global climate conditions changed several times during the history of Earth, and along with it the diversity of insects.
 The Pterygotes (winged insects) underwent a major radiation in the Carboniferous (356 to 299 million years ago) while the Endopterygota (insects that go through different life stages with metamorphosis) underwent another major radiation in the Permian (299 to 252 million years ago).
The history of Native Americans in the United States began in ancient times tens of thousands of years ago with the settlement of the Americas by the Paleo-Indians.
 Anthropologists and archeologists have identified and studied a wide variety of cultures that existed during this era.
 Their subsequent contact with Europeans had a profound impact on their history.
The use of terms and images referring to Native Americans/First Nations as the name or mascot for a sports team is a topic of public controversy in the United States and in Canada, arising as part of the Native American/First Nations civil rights movements.
 Since the 1960s, there have been a number of protests and other actions by Native Americans and others targeting the more prominent use of such names and images by professional franchises such as the Cleveland Indians and the Washington Redskins.
 However, the greatest change has occurred in the trend by school and college teams that have retired Native American names and mascots at an increasing rate in recent decades.
 The analysis of a database in 2013 indicates that there are currently more than 2,000 secondary schools with mascots that reference Native American culture, compared to around 3,000 fifty years ago.
 Many of these changes have been voluntary as the issue has been discussed at a local level.
 Statewide laws or school board decisions mandating change have been passed in states with significant Native American populations.
 Other states have official policies that encourage change in accordance with principles of establishing a proper environment for education.
 However, there has also been resistance and backlash.
Cryptography, the use of codes and ciphers to protect secrets, began thousands of years ago.
 Until recent decades, it has been the story of what might be called classic cryptography — that is, of methods of encryption that use pen and paper, or perhaps simple mechanical aids.
 In the early 20th century, the invention of complex mechanical and electromechanical machines, such as the Enigma rotor machine, provided more sophisticated and efficient means of encryption; and the subsequent introduction of electronics and computing has allowed elaborate schemes of still greater complexity, most of which are entirely unsuited to pen and paper.
"The Human Revolution" is a term used by archaeologists, anthropologists and other specialists in human origins; it refers to the spectacular and relatively sudden – apparently revolutionary – emergence of language, consciousness and culture in our species.
 The term came into fashion following a conference on human origins held in the late 1980s, resulting in a 1989 edited volume entitled "The Human Revolution", edited by archaeologist Paul Mellars and palaeontologist Chris Stringer.
 In this early version, the rapid process of change was identified as the so-called 'Upper Palaeolithic Revolution' which occurred in Ice Age Europe around 40,000 years ago, resulting in the displacement of the local Neanderthals by anatomically modern "Homo sapiens", with their sophisticated ivory tools, carved figurines and cave paintings.
 More recently, archaeologists have come to realise that if we can speak of a 'human revolution' at all, it happened tens of thousands of years earlier, in sub-Saharan Africa rather than Europe.
 This means that the revolution was inseparable from the emergence of modern "Homo sapiens" in Africa between 150,000 and 200,000 years ago.
The phrase Catholic youth work covers a wide range of activities carried out with young people, usually in the name of the Catholic Church and with the intention of imparting the Catholic faith to them and inviting them to practice and live out the faith in their lives.
 Activities in the field range from small scale youth groups attached to parishes or Catholic schools, to large international gatherings, such as World Youth Day.
 It is a field which has evolved much over recent decades, especially in comparison to more formal methods of education or catechesis within the church.
 Nearly all dioceses and a great deal of parishes have some form of youth provision running, although a great deal of areas particularly in the developed world are finding youth work both more difficult and rare as the numbers of young people regularly practicing the Catholic faith continue to decline.
 In contrast, though, the new and exciting developments of recent decades and particularly the influence of the new movements within the Church are ensuring that youth work continues to be an active and fruitful field.
Available scientific evidence indicates that modern humans emerged from Africa over 100,000 years ago, yet did not arrive in the Americas until less than 20,000 years ago.
 Current understanding of the settlement of the Americas derives from advances in four interrelated disciplines: archaeology, Pleistocene geology, physical anthropology, and DNA analysis.
 While there is general agreement that the Americas were first settled from Asia, the pattern of migration, its timing, and the place(s) of origin in Asia of the peoples who migrated to the Americas remain unclear.
 In the 2000s, researchers sought to use familiar tools to validate or reject established theories, such as Clovis first.
 The archeological evidence suggests that the Paleo-Indians' first dispersal into the Americas occurred near the end of the last glacial period or, more specifically, what is known as the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM), around 16,500–13,000 years ago.
The date of the start of the history of the United States is a subject of debate among historians.
 Older textbooks start with the arrival of Christopher Columbus on October 12, 1492 and emphasize the European background of the colonization of the Americas, or they start around 1600 and emphasize the American frontier.
 In recent decades American schools and universities typically have shifted back in time to include more on the colonial period and much more on the prehistory of the Native Americans.
