Carlson Inlet ( ) is an ice-filled inlet, 100 mi long and 25 mi wide, lying between Fletcher Ice Rise and Fowler Ice Rise in the southwest part of the Ronne Ice Shelf.
 It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Ronald F. Carlson, U.S. Navy, pilot of R4D-8 and C-130 aircraft with Squadron VX-6, who made innumerable flights in support of International Geophysical Year and United States Antarctic Research Program field parties in the 1950s and 1960s.
 On December 14, 1961, he commanded a C-130 Hercules flight from McMurdo Station across the Ellsworth Mountains, during which he observed, photographed and roughly sketched this inlet.
Dayton is a town in York County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 1,965 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
 Dayton is one of the smallest towns in York County.
York County School of Technology, or "YCST", formerly known as York County Area Vocational-Technical School "Vo-Tech", is located at 2179 S. Queen St. in York, Pennsylvania.
 The school accepts students from 14 sending school districts within York County.
 York County School of Technology, the oldest on-going career and technical school in the United States, is a comprehensive career and technical school for students who want help to provide experience in a career field for their future.
 The career areas or programs, commonly called "shops", are divided into three academies: "Arts and Human Services", "Engineering and Construction."
, and "Manufacturing and Transportation."
 Each academy has 2 career pathways.
 The schools colors are green and white, and the mascot is the Spartan.
Ambassador Ronald F. Lehman, II (born March 25, 1946) is currently Director of the Center for Global Security Research at the United States Department of Energy's Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.
 He is also Chair of the Governing Board of International Science and Technology Center, an intergovernmental organization headquartered in Moscow and is a member of the Department of Defense Threat Reduction Advisory Committee.
The York County School Division or YCSD is a school division (school district) in York County, Virginia, United States.
 Currently the superintendent is Victor Shandor, Ed.D.
 The grading scale for all of the York County School Division is: A 90-100, B 80-89, C 70-79, D 64-79, and an F is a 63 and below.
 Grades that are .5 away from a new letter grade are rounded up (i.e. a 79.5 is marked as a "B").
Alfred is a town in York County, Maine, in the United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the town population was 3,019.
 Alfred is the county seat of York County and home to part of the Massabesic Experimental Forest.
 National Register of Historic Places has two listings in the town, the Alfred Historic District, with 48 houses, and the Alfred Shaker Historic District.
Heidelberg Township is a township in York County, Pennsylvania, United States.
 The township was erected in 1750 and encompassed the land grant known as "Digges' Choice" (a warrant granted to John Digges in 1727 by the province of Maryland, prior to the time the Mason-Dixon line fixed the final boundary between Maryland and Pennsylvania).
 The township consisted of 9,030 acres and extended as far west as the borough (town) of McSherrystown.
 The township included the borough (town) of Hanover until Hanover was made a borough in 1815.
 When Adams County was formed from western York County in 1800, the portion of Heidelberg Township that was included in York County was subsequently renamed Conewago Township.
 In 1860, the western half of Heidelberg Township (including the area around Hanover) was split off to form Penn Township.
Rear Admiral Ronald F. Marryott (February 18, 1934 – June 4, 2005) was the Superintendent of the United States Naval Academy from 1986 to 1988.
 He served as president and CEO of the George C. Marshall Foundation, and president and CEO of the Naval Academy Alumni Association from 1996 to 2000.
 He also was President of the Naval War College from 1985 to 1986.
Ronald F. Ferguson (born 1950) in Cleveland, Ohio is an economist who researches factors that affect educational achievement.
 Major themes in his work include the race-related achievement gap in the United States and how to improve schools and identify effective teachers.
Biddeford is a city in York County, Maine, United States.
 It is the principal commercial center of York County.
 The population was 21,277 at the 2010 census.
 Twin city of Saco, Biddeford includes the resort community of Biddeford Pool, Fortunes Rocks and Granite Point.
 The town is the site of the University of New England and the annual La Kermesse Franco-Americaine Festival.
 First visited by Europeans in 1616, it is the site of one of the earliest European settlements in the United States.
