Flipper is a 1996 adventure film remake of the 1963 film of the same name (which in turn begat a TV series that ran from 1964 to 1967), starring Paul Hogan and Elijah Wood.
 The movie is about a boy who has to spend the summer with his uncle, who lives on the Florida Gold Coast.
 Although he expects to have another boring summer, he encounters a dolphin whom he names Flipper and with whom he forms a friendship.
Ariyon Debo Bakare (born 1971) is an English-Nigerian actor.
 He has appeared in the BBC mini-series "A Respectable Trade" (1995), British soap opera "Family Affairs" from 2000 to 2001, and the BBC One daytime drama "Doctors" from 2001 to 2005.
 Prior to this, Bakare guested on British dramas "The Bill", "Casualty", and "Holby City".
 He has starred alongside Paul Bettany in Ross Kettle's film "After the Rain", and with Nia Long and Colin Firth in "The Secret Laughter of Women".
The 59th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), took place on March 30, 1987, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST.
 During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards (commonly referred to as Oscars) in 23 categories honoring films released in 1986.
 The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Samuel Goldwyn Jr. and directed by Marty Pasetta.
 Actors Chevy Chase, Paul Hogan, and Goldie Hawn co-hosted the show.
 Hawn hosted the gala for the second time, having previously been a co-host of the 48th ceremony held in 1976.
 Meanwhile, this was Chase and Hogan's first Oscars hosting stint.
 Eight days earlier, in a ceremony held at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California on March 22, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Catherine Hicks.
The Paul Hogan Show is a popular Australian comedy show which aired on Australian television from 1973 until 1984.
 It made a star of Paul Hogan, who later appeared in ""Crocodile" Dundee."
 Hogan's friend (and producer of "Crocodile Dundee") John Cornell also appeared in the show, playing Hogan's dim flatmate Strop.
 The show also aired on the New York Tri-State area television WWOR channel 9, in the early 1980s.
Groomed is a Canadian W Network makeover reality television series produced by Chocolate Box Entertainment that aired Mondays at 10:30 p.m. and Wednesdays at 9 p.m.
 It is hosted by butler Paul Hogan, who is famous for his appearances on the reality TV series "Joe Millionaire".
 Co-hosting with Hogan was Asha Daniere, a Toronto native, who added a female point of view.
Crocodile Dundee (stylized as "Crocodile" Dundee in the U.S.) is a 1986 Australian-American comedy film set in the Australian Outback and in New York City.
 It stars Paul Hogan as the weathered Mick Dundee.
 Hogan's future wife Linda Kozlowski portrayed Sue Charlton.
Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles (also known as Crocodile Dundee III) is a 2001 Australian-American comedy film, directed by Simon Wincer and starring Paul Hogan.
 It is the sequel to "Crocodile Dundee II" (1988) and the third film of the "Crocodile Dundee" series.
 Hogan and Linda Kozlowski reprise their roles as Michael "Crocodile" Dundee and Sue Charlton, respectively.
 The film was shot on location in Los Angeles and in Queensland.
 Actor Paul Hogan reported that the inspiration for the storyline came during a tour of Litomyšl, Czech Republic in 1993.
Bruce Montague (born 24 March 1939) is a British actor, best known for his role as Leonard Dunn in the television sitcom "Butterflies" he has also acted in over 300 television productions.
 In 2000, he guest-starred in the "Doctor Who" audio adventure "The Genocide Machine" and, in the following year, he starred alongside Paul McGann in the "Doctor Who" story "Sword of Orion".
 In 2015, he appeared as a guest role in "Hollyoaks" as Derek Clough.
Paul Hogan (born 30 August 1963 in Dudley) is an English darts player who competes for the British Darts Organisation.
 He is nicknamed "Crocodile Dundee" after the movie starring his namesake, the Australian actor Paul Hogan.
Hoges: The Paul Hogan Story is a two-part Australian miniseries based on Australian actor and comedian Paul Hogan which premiered on 12 February and concluded on 19 February 2017.
