Never Alone, also known as Kisima Inŋitchuŋa ("I am not alone"), is a puzzle-platformer adventure video game by Upper One Games based on the traditional Iñupiaq tale, "Kunuuksaayuka", which was first recorded by master storyteller Robert Nasruk Cleveland in his collection "Stories of the Black River People""."
 Swapping between an Iñupiaq girl named Nuna and her Arctic fox companion, the player completes puzzles in a story that spans eight chapters.
 The game was the result of a partnership between the Cook Inlet Tribal Council and E-Line Media.
 It is one of a growing number of video games produced by indigenous people.
Piz Nuna is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps, located northeast of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden.
 Its summit (3,124 m) is the tripoint between the valley of Val Nuna, Val Sampuoir and Val Laschadura.
The Nuna people, or Nunuma, are subgroup of the Gurunsi people in Southern Burkina Faso, estimated 150,000 population, and Ghana.
 The Nuna are known for their masks.
 The group speaks the Nuni language.
The Nuna 5 is the 2009 model of the Nuna series solar-powered racing car built by the Dutch Nuon Solar Team.
This is a list of disparaging city nicknames.
 These pejorative nicknames may be coined for a variety of reasons.
 Some may be a straightforward desire to slander or disparage the city, while others may be examples of self-deprecating humor.
 While residents of the cities may see such nicknames as offensive, they may also be reclaimed as positive, even affectionate terms.
 Still other nicknames may simultaneously serve to attack the city from the outside and as a point of pride for its residents, especially those criticizing local politics.
Nuna 2 is the name of a solar powered vehicle that in 2003 won the World solar challenge in Australia for the second time in a row, after the Nuna 1 victory in 2001.
This is a summary of the evolution of nicknames of the current Major League Baseball teams, and also of selected former major and minor league teams whose nicknames were influential, long-lasting, or both.
 The sources of the nicknames included club names, team colors, and city symbols.
 The nicknames have sometimes been dubbed by the media, other times through conscious marketing by the team, or sometimes a little of both.
Nuna 1 (or simply Nuna) was a car powered by solar-power, developed by students from the Delft University of Technology.
The Nuna 6 is the 2011 model solar-powered racing car in the Nuna series built by the Dutch Nuon Solar Team.
 Nuna 6 has been built by students who are part of the Nuon Solar Team at the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands.
 Nuna 6 weighs 145 kg, and is therefore lighter than the previous 5 cars.
Nuna International BV is a collection of baby accessories inspired by Dutch designers.
 It was founded in 2007 by a father of two who wanted a certain style of baby items but was unable to find them.
 He thus traveled to the Netherlands and organized a design team, who created the concept.
 Nuna products are currently sold in 47 countries.
