Dracula wallisii is a species of orchid belonging to the genus "Dracula".
 The species is found at altitudes of 1600 to in Cordillera Central, Colombia.
 It is a common species, with large flowers that are often highly variable in form.
The Anacardiaceae, commonly known as the cashew family or sumac family, are a family of flowering plants, including about 83 genera with about 860 known species.
 Members of the Anacardiaceae bear fruits that are drupes and in some cases produce urushiol, an irritant.
 The Anacardiaceae include numerous genera, several of which are economically important, notably cashew (in the type genus "Anacardium"), mango, poison ivy, sumac, smoke tree, marula, yellow mombin, and cuachalalate.
 The genus "Pistacia" (which includes the pistachio and mastic tree) is now included, but was previously placed in its own family, the Pistaciaceae.
Two similar species of the plant genus "Pistacia":
Akbesia is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, the Pistacia hawkmoth, Akbesia davidi, which is known from southern Turkey, northern Syria, northern Israel, western Jordan, south-eastern Turkey, north-eastern Iraq, south-eastern Georgia, northern Iran, eastern Afghanistan and Iranian Beluchistan.
 It may also occur across Azerbaijan, the Alborz Mountains of northern Iran, the Zagros Mountains of western and southern Iran, and northern Afghanistan.
 It often occurs in large numbers at certain sites in rocky, hilly areas supporting scattered trees and shrubs of "Quercus", "Olea", "Ceratonia" and "Pistacia".
Pistacia aethiopica is an African and Arabia coast peninsula species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.
 It is a dioecious evergreen shrub or tree of the pistacio genus, growing up to 20 m tall, adapted to the dry environment.
 It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Tanzania, Uganda, and Yemen.
Pistacia khinjuk is a species of plant in the "Pistacia" genus which grows in Iran, northern Iraq, southern Jordan and Turkey.
 The tree grows up to 10 metres.
The orchid genus Dracula, abbreviated as Drac in horticultural trade, consists of 118 species native to Mexico, Central America, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.
 The name "Dracula" literally means "little dragon", an allusion to the mythical Count Dracula, a lead character in numerous vampire novels and films.
 The name was applied to the orchid because of the blood-red color of several of the species, the strange aspect of the long spurs of the sepals.
Commiphora gileadensis, the Arabian balsam tree is a shrub species in the genus "Commiphora" growing in Saudi Arabia, Yemen, southern Oman, and in southeast Egypt where it may have been introduced.
 Other common names for the plant include balm of Gilead and Mecca myrrh, but this is due to historical confusion between several plants and the historically important expensive perfumes and drugs obtained from them.
 True balm of Gilead was very rare, and appears to have been produced from the unrelated tree "Pistacia lentiscus".
Pistacia chinensis (English: Chinese pistache ; ) is a small to medium-sized tree in the genus "Pistacia" in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae, native to central and western China.
 It is hardy, can withstand harsh conditions and poor quality soils, and grows up to 20 m.
 The leaves are deciduous, alternate, pinnate, 20–25 cm long, with 10 or 12 leaflets, the terminal leaflet usually absent.
 The flowers are produced in panicles 15–20 cm long at the ends of the branches; it is dioecious, with separate male and female plants.
 The fruit is a small red drupe, turning blue when ripe, containing a single seed.
 This species is planted as a street tree in temperate areas worldwide due to its attractive fruit and autumn foliage.
Pistacia is a genus of flowering plants in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae.
 It contains 10 to 20 species that are native to Africa and Eurasia from the Canary Islands, all of Africa, and southern Europe, warm and semidesert areas across Asia, and North America from Mexico to warm and semidesert United States, such as Texas or California.
