The Cal Poly Pomona College of Environmental Design (CENV) is a college part of the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona).
 The college houses over 1,600 students; making it one of largest environmental design programs in the United States.
 The college offers bachelor's degrees in five departments, as well as three master's degree programs.
 It is the only academic unit within the California State University system to be associated with a Pritzker Prize laureate (often referred to as "The Nobel Prize in Architecture").
The Cal Poly Pomona Broncos women's basketball team is the women's basketball team that represents California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, in Pomona, California.
 The school's team currently competes in the California Collegiate Athletic Association.
Julian Aeneas McPhee (February 7, 1896 – November 10, 1967) was the sixth university president of California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo (Cal Poly SLO) from 1933 to 1966 and the first president of California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona) from 1938 to 1966.
The Cal Poly Pomona Broncos or Cal Poly Broncos are the athletic sports teams for the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona).
 Cal Poly Pomona has 10 varsity sports teams and offers student participation in a wide range of sports including soccer, volleyball, track and field, basketball, softball, and baseball.
 Cal Poly Pomona participates at the NCAA's Division II (DII) level in the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA).
 The Broncos have 65 CCAA championships and 14 NCAA National Championships.
 Current and former Cal Poly athletes have won 7 Olympic medals (3 gold, 1 silver, and 3 bronze).
The 1981 Cal Poly Pomona Broncos football team represented California State Polytechnic University, Pomona during the 1981 NCAA Division II football season.
 Cal Poly Pomona competed in the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA).
Richard Ziser is a Nevada Real Estate Investor, Socially Conservative Political activist and U.S. Republican Politician.
 He was born June 7, 1953, in Pomona, CA., and has resided in Las Vegas Nevada since 1991.
 He graduated from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona) with a BS in Industrial Engineering, 1976; then subsequently from Simon Greenleaf University in Santa Ana, Ca.
 (now a campus of Trinity International University, with an MA in Christian Apologetics in 1989.
California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (CPP, Cal Poly Pomona, or Cal Poly) is a public polytechnic university located in Pomona, California, United States.
 It is one of two polytechnics in the California State University system.
The Cal Poly Pomona College of Engineering is the engineering college at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona or Cal Poly) located in Pomona, California, United States.
 Well known for its "learn by doing" philosophy, the college's motto is: ""making imagination real"".
 Cal Poly has one of the top engineering college among public schools in California and, with over 5,600 students (as of fall 2015), it is also the largest engineering college in Southern California, the second largest college of engineering in the California State University system, and the seventeenth largest engineering college in the United States.
 In the 2017 "U.S. News & World Report" the College of Engineering is ranked the 5th best undergraduate program among public universities (11th overall) in the West for Master's-granting universities, and "has one of the top ranked engineering programs, and graduates roughly 1 of every 14 engineers in the state of California."
The Ural Federal University named after the first President of Russia B. N. Yeltsin (Russian: Уральский федеральный университет имени первого Президента России Б.Н.
 Ельцина, "Uralʹskiĭ federalʹnyĭ universitet imeni pervogo Prezidenta Rossii B.N. Yelʹtsina", often shortened to UrFU, УрФУ ) (formed by a merger of the Ural State Technical University and Ural State University) is one of the leading educational institutions in the Ural region.
 Ural Federal University acts as a research and innovation center of the Ural region and has close cooperation with the Russian Academy of Sciences.
 Training of students is carried out in four main areas of knowledge and 108 academic majors.
 The links between the university and intermediate educational institutions are actively developed.
 The University also performs consistent work on establishing strategic partnership with employers for the sake of development of the regional economy: employers are involved in the educational environment as direct participants, large-scale enployers-sponsored and corporate education is carried out based on the client-centered approach, joint business projects in economic and social areas are realized.
International Polytechnic High School, commonly abbreviated merely as iPoly, is a public college preparatory demonstration high school (9-12) located on the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona) campus and operated by the Los Angeles County Office of Education (LACOE) in conjunction with the College of Education and Integrative Studies at the university.
 iPoly's curriculum is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges and is approved by the University of California and California State University.
 It maintains a unique affiliation with the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts (LACHSA), which is also run by LACOE.
 Since iPoly does not lie in a fixed school district, it draws students from throughout Los Angeles, San Bernardino, Orange and Riverside counties.
 The majority of students come from the Pomona and San Gabriel valleys.
 In 2009 and 2013, iPoly was honored as a California Distinguished School by the California Department of Education.
