Traveller Supplement 3: The Spinward Marches is a 1979 role-playing game supplement for "Traveller" published by Game Designers' Workshop.
Traveller Supplement 1: 1001 Characters is a 1978 role-playing game supplement for "Traveller" published by Game Designers' Workshop.
GURPS Traveller is a set of table-top role-playing game books by Steve Jackson Games, designed to allow game play in Traveller's Third Imperium science-fiction setting using the GURPS rule system.
 Traveller was originally published in 1977 by Game Designers' Workshop and was inducted into the Origins Adventure Gaming Hall of Fame in 1997.
"Traveller" is an Origins Award winning science fiction role-playing game published by Game Designers' Workshop in 1977.
 In the Third Age of the Imperium interstellar travel has become possible and Humaniti has met other starfaring races.
 2300 AD portrayed humans as technologically advanced, but having a level of civilization not very far above the present day.
 Later publishers introduced additional material along the Official Traveller Universe (OTU) timeline.
 In 2008, Mongoose Publishing reintroduced GDW's popular look and indexing feature separating publications into familiar Books, Supplements, and Adventures.
Traveller Supplement 4: Citizens of the Imperium is a 1979 role-playing game supplement for "Traveller" published by Game Designers' Workshop.
Traveller Supplement Adventure 1: The Kinunir is a 1979 role-playing game adventure for "Traveller" published by Game Designers' Workshop.
The Centuriate Assembly (Latin: "comitia centuriata") of the Roman Republic was one of the three voting assemblies in the Roman constitution.
 It was named the Centuriate Assembly as it originally divided Roman citizens into groups of one hundred men by classes.
 The Centuries originally reflected military status, but later reflected the wealth of their members.
 The Centuries gathered into the Centuriate Assembly for legislative, electoral, and judicial purposes.
 The majority of votes in any Century decided how that Century voted.
 Each Century received one vote, regardless of how many electors each Century held.
 Once a majority of Centuries voted in the same way on a given measure, the voting ended, and the matter was decided.
 Only the Centuriate Assembly could declare war or elect the highest-ranking Roman Magistrates: "'Consuls", "Praetors" and "Censors".
 The Centuriate Assembly could also pass a law that granted constitutional command authority, or "Imperium", to Consuls and Praetors (the "lex de imperio" or "Law on Imperium"), and Censorial powers to Censors (the "lex de potestate censoria" or "Law on Censorial Powers").
 In addition, the Centuriate Assembly served as the highest court of appeal in certain judicial cases (in particular, cases involving perduellio), and ratified the results of a Census.
Imperium Galactica is a 4X video game, developed by Digital Reality.
 The same company would later make its sequel, "Imperium Galactica II", in 1999.
 "Imperium Galactica" was published and distributed by GT Interactive in 1997.
 The soundtrack is the work of Tamás Kreiner. ""
, developed by the Hungarian-based Mithis Entertainment, was originally planned and designed as "Imperium Galactica 3" but in development renamed and refocussed to a real-time tactics game.
Traveller Supplement 2: Animal Encounters is a 1979 role-playing game supplement for "Traveller" published by Game Designers' Workshop.
MegaTraveller 1: The Zhodani Conspiracy is a 1990 space science fiction role-playing video game based on the "Traveller" series and was produced by Game Designers' Workshop licensee Paragon Software for Amiga, Atari ST and MS-DOS operating environments.
 The game is set within the "Official Traveller Universe" and features character creation and other aspects of game mechanics compatible with prior "Traveller" products.
 The player controls up to five ex-military adventurers whose objective is to save their civilization, the Imperium, from a conspiracy instigated by the Zhodani, a rival spacefaring race, and aided by the actions of a traitor named Konrad Kiefer.
 Gameplay features real-time planetary and space exploration, combat, trading, and interaction with various non-player characters in eight solar systems containing twenty-eight visitable planets.
