Queens of Clubs Trilogy: Diamond Edition is a remix album by singer-songwriter Nadia Ali.
 The "Diamond Edition" is the final installment in Ali's three-part compilation, "Queen of Clubs Trilogy: The Best of Nadia Ali Remixed".
 The album was released on December 20, 2010 by Smile in Bed Records.
Queens of Clubs Trilogy: Onyx Edition is the second installment in the "Queen of Clubs Trilogy: The Best of Nadia Ali Remixed", a compilation of remixes of tracks by singer-songwriter Nadia Ali.
 The album was released on October 28, 2010 by Smile in Bed Records.
Tufail Niazi (Urdu: طفیل نیازی‎ ) (1916 – 21 September 1990) was a Pakistani folk singer whose songs include "Saada Chirryan Da Chamba Ae," "Akhiyaan Lagiyaan Jawaab Na Daindian," "Layee Beqadran Naal Yaari, Tay Tut Gai Tarak Karkey" and "Mein Nai Jana Kheriyan De Naal."
 He used to perform regularly on Pakistan Television (PTV) and Radio Pakistan.
Manmohan is a 1936 Urdu/Hindi romantic tragedy film directed by Mehboob Khan.
 This was Khan’s third film for Sagar Movietone after "Al Hilal" (1935) and "Deccan Queen" (1936).
 The cinematographer was Faredoon Irani who, starting from Mehboob Khan’s "Al Hilal" (Judjement of Allah) (1935) went on to establish a long working relationship with him lasting till Khan’s last film Son of India (1962).
 The music was composed by Ashok Ghosh assisted by Anil Biswas.
 The story writer was Zia Sarhadi who also wrote the lyrics, screenplay and dialogue in addition to acting in the film.
 Though he had started his writing career on Khan's backing for "Deccan Queen" (1936), it was with "Manmohan" that he achieved success.
 The film was inspired by Devdas (1935), which was a big hit at the box office.
 Surendra was chosen as the singing star to rival K. L. Saigal from New Theatres Calcutta, whose songs from "Devdas" had mesmerised the nation.
 Though "Manmohan" was referred to as the "poor man's Devdas" it went on to do well and the songs became very popular.
 The film starred Bibbo, Surendra, Yakub, Kayam Ali, Bhudo Advani and Mehdi Raza.
Vishu Bhatnagar better known by his stage name Kumar Vishu is an Indian devotional playback singer whose songs have been featured primarily in Hindi devotional movies and television serials.
 He has sung more than 200 devotional albums with the leading singers of India and major records labels of India including T-Series, HMV, Venus, Sonotek & KVC music, Saregama and other record labels.
Imran Mahmudul, also known simply as Imran, is a Bangladeshi music composer and singer whose songs has been featured in different albums and movies.
 He was the first runner-up of "Channel i Sera Kontho - 2008".
 He also won Best Male Singer at the Meril Prothom Alo Awards for the song "Dil Dil Dil" from the 2016 film "Bossgiri".
'Queens of Clubs Trilogy: The Best of Nadia Ali Remixed' is a three-part compilation of remixed tracks by singer-songwriter Nadia Ali.
 The albums feature songs from her time as one-half of iiO and her subsequent solo career.
 The compilation celebrates Ali's decade-long career as a musician.
 The title of the trilogy was inspired by Ali's 'un-rivalled contributions to dance music and club culture'.
 The first installment, "Ruby Edition", was released on August 31, 2010 by Smile in Bed Records.
Baruch Levine (born December 28, 1977) is a Canadian-born American Orthodox Jewish composer and singer whose songs have become popular and classic throughout the Orthodox Jewish world.
 His slow, soulful, heartfelt tunes have gained wide popularity at Shabbat tables and "kumzits" gatherings.
 One of his most successful compositions is ""Vezakeini"" (Give Us Merit), derived from the ancient prayer recited at Shabbat candle lighting.
Rakesh Pandit (born 8 September 1967) is an Indian Singer whose songs have been featured mainly in Hindi Movies and sung over 100 Bollywood songs.
 He has released Indian pop albums and gave many live performances.
Kunal Ganjawala (born 14 April 1972) is a popular playback singer whose songs are mostly featured in Hindi and Kannada films.
 He has also sung in Marathi, Bengali and other official languages of India.
 Kunal began his career by singing jingles.
 He came to limelight in Hindi with the song "Bheege Honth Tere" from the film "Murder" in 2004.
 It was his first biggest hit.
 The song earned him Zee Cine Award as Best Playback Singer in 2005.
 He came to limelight in Kannada with the song "Neene Neene" from the film "Akash" in 2005.
