Premium Picture Productions is a former movie studio located in Beaverton, Oregon, which was active in the early 1920s.
 It was founded in 1921, with J.J. Fleming as president and Dr. G.E. Watts and three others as directors of the corporation, and it opened its production lot in 1922.
 The company went out of business in late 1925.
 The studio produced approximately fifteen silent films, including the following:
Vegas Movie Studio (previously Sony Vegas Movie Studio) is a consumer-based nonlinear video editing software designed for the PC.
 It is a scaled-down version of Vegas Pro.
 Movie Studio was formerly called "Sonic Foundry VideoFactory" and then "Sony Screenblast Movie Studio,".
 As of version 13, Vegas Movie Studio is now part of Magix GmbH after Sony had officially announced it had sold most of its creative software suit to the German-based company.
 On February 14, 2017, Magix announced a brand new version of Vegas Movie Studio, Vegas Movie Studio 14.0, which is the first stable release of Vegas Movie Studio since 2014 and Magix's first stable release since its acquisition from Sony.
Tinapa Studios (also known as Studio Tinapa) is a movie studio located in the Tinapa Resort, Calabar, Cross River State, Nigeria.
 It is the first movie studio in Nigeria.
The Benchwarmers is a 2006 American sports-comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan.
 It stars Rob Schneider, David Spade, and Jon Heder.
 It is produced by Revolution Studios and Happy Madison Productions and is distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Dead Grandma is a 10-episode comedy Web series created by Will Kindrick.
 It is written by Kindrick, Courtney Branning, Matt Heder and is produced by Mummy Space Island Productions.
 The series follows the life of a hapless young college student Andy (Matt Heder), whose grandma (Beverly Welsh) comes back from the dead to help him find love.
 The series is hosted by Jon Heder who begins each episode with a campy intro reminiscent of the openings of nostalgic shows such as Masterpiece Theater and The Wonderful World of Disney.
Jonathan Joseph "Jon" Heder ( ) (born October 26, 1977) is an American actor and producer.
 His feature film debut came in 2004 as the title character of the comedy film "Napoleon Dynamite".
 He has also acted in the films "The Benchwarmers", "School for Scoundrels", "Blades of Glory", "Mama's Boy", "When in Rome", and "Walt Before Mickey" as Roy Disney, and provided voice talents in the animated films "Monster House" and "Surf's Up", as well as the "Napoleon Dynamite" animated series.
Woke Up Dead is an American horror/comedy web series starring Jon Heder (best known for "Napoleon Dynamite") as a young man who awakes in a full bathtub after 'drowning' and has no heartbeat, prompting his friends to believe him to be a zombie.
 The show premiered on Sony Pictures Entertainment owned Crackle on October 5, 2009.
Napoleon Dynamite is a 2004 American comedy film produced by Jeremy Coon, Chris Wyatt, Sean C. Covel and Jory Weitz, written by Jared and Jerusha Hess and directed by Jared Hess.
 The film stars Jon Heder in the role of the title character, for which he was paid $1,000.
 After the film's runaway success, Heder re-negotiated his compensation and received a cut of the profits.
 The film was Jared Hess' first full-length feature and is partially adapted from his earlier short film, "Peluca".
 "Napoleon Dynamite" was acquired at the Sundance Film Festival by Fox Searchlight Pictures and Paramount Pictures, in association with MTV Films.
 It was filmed in and near Franklin County, Idaho in the summer of 2003.
 It debuted at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2004.
 The film's total worldwide gross revenue was $46,118,097.
 The film has since developed a cult following.
Sherry Lansing (born July 31, 1944) is an American former actress and film studio executive.
 She is a former CEO of Paramount Pictures, and when she was the president of production at 20th Century Fox, she was the first woman to head a Hollywood movie studio.
 In 1996, she became the first woman to be named Pioneer of the Year by the Foundation of the Motion Picture Pioneers, and she was the first female movie studio head to receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
 In 2005, she became the first female movie studio head to place hand and foot prints at the Grauman's Chinese Theater.
 In 2001, she was named one of the 30 most powerful women in America by "Ladies' Home Journal", and "The Hollywood Reporter" named her fourth on its Power 100 list in 2003.
Surf's Up is a 2007 American computer-animated mockumentary comedy film directed by Ash Brannon and Chris Buck.
 It features the voices of Shia LaBeouf, Jeff Bridges, Zooey Deschanel, James Woods, and Jon Heder among others.
 In production since 2002 at Sony Pictures Animation, it was the studio's second theatrical feature.
 The film premiered in the United States on June 8, 2007, and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 It is a parody of surfing documentaries, such as "The Endless Summer" and "Riding Giants", with parts of the plot parodying "North Shore".
 Real-life surfers Kelly Slater and Rob Machado have vignettes as their penguin surfer counterparts.
 To obtain the desired hand-held documentary feel, the film's animation team motion-captured a physical camera operator's moves.
