Ricci Riera, is an American record producer, DJ and songwriter from Los Angeles, California.
 He is best known for his production with notable hip hop artists such as Kendrick Lamar, Drake, Travis Scott, Schoolboy Q, and ASAP Rocky among others.
 Aside from his solo production, Riera was previously a member of the Grammy Nominated LA production duo THC.
 Riera scored his first Grammy nomination as a solo producer with "U Wit Me?"
 on the second best selling album of 2016, Views.
 Ricci most recently appeared twice on Kendrick Lamar's much anticipated 3rd studio album Damn.
 producing on songs "Element" co produced by James Blake and "God".
"Freedom" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé featuring American rapper Kendrick Lamar for her sixth studio album, "Lemonade" (2016).
 The song was written by Jonny Coffer, Beyoncé, Carla Marie Williams, Dean McIntosh and Kendrick Lamar; it contains samples of "Let Me Try", written by Frank Tirado, performed by Kaleidoscope; samples of "Collection Speech/Unidentified Lining Hymn", recorded by Alan Lomax in 1959, performed by Reverend R.C. Crenshaw; and samples of "Stewball", recorded by Alan Lomax and John Lomax, Sr. in 1947, performed by Prisoner "22" at Mississippi State Penitentiary at Parchman.
 Its production was handled by Beyoncé, Coffer and veteran hip hop record producer Just Blaze.
"Control" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Big Sean, featuring fellow American rappers Kendrick Lamar and Jay Electronica.
 The song was originally intended to be included on Big Sean's second studio album "Hall of Fame" (2013), but was ultimately removed from the final track-listing due to sample clearance issues.
 "Control" impacted American mainstream urban radio on August 14, 2013 as a promotional single for "Hall of Fame".
 The track contains samples such as "Where I'm From" (1997) by Jay-Z, "El Pueblo Unido Jamás Será Vencido" (1974) by Quilapayún and Sergio Ortega and an interpolation of "Get Bizy" (2011) by Terrace Martin, which also features fellow rappers Kendrick Lamar and Jay Electronica.
"Money Trees Deuce" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Jay Rock, released as the first single from his second studio album, "90059".
 The song, produced by Flippa and J Proof, is a follow-up to Kendrick Lamar's 2012 song, "Money Trees".
"Swimming Pools (Drank)" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kendrick Lamar.
 It was released on July 31, 2012 as the lead single (second overall) from his major-label debut studio album "good kid, m.A.A.d city" (2012), by Top Dawg, Aftermath and Interscope.
 The song was written by Lamar and Tyler "T-Minus" Williams, the latter of whom also produced the song.
 The song, mixed by Dr. Dre and Top Dawg's engineer Derek "MixedByAli" Ali, propelled Lamar to mainstream popularity.
 The song peaked at number 17 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, in its thirteenth week of charting, after gradually climbing up the chart.
 It debuted on the Hot 100 at number 100 and progressed from number 55 and 32 to its peak.
 "Swimming Pools (Drank)" also serves as Lamar's first entry on the UK Singles Chart, where it debuted at number 63.
Dacoury Natche (born March 10, 1983), professionally known as DJ Dahi, is an American DJ, songwriter and record producer from Inglewood, California.
 Dahi is perhaps best known for producing "Worst Behavior" by Canadian rapper Drake, as well as American rapper Kendrick Lamar's critically acclaimed album cut "Money Trees", which features Lamar's label-mate Jay Rock.
 Dahi has also produced several tracks for various artists such as Dr. Dre, Lily Allen, Freddie Gibbs, Dom Kennedy, Lupe Fiasco, Vince Staples, Mac Miller, Ty Dolla Sign, Pac Div, Travi$ Scott, Vic Mensa, Casey Veggies, Smoke DZA, Big Sean, Tinashe, Logic, and Big K.R.I.T., among others.
 Aside from his solo production career, Dahi is also a member of production team D.R.U.G.S., alongside Chordz 3D, Buddah Shampoo, Nate 3D, James Koo, Fuego and Ty Dolla Sign.
 He is currently working on an album with LOTB.
 The album is set to release early August.
Rich Gang is the first compilation album by Young Money and Cash Money as the supergroup Rich Gang.
 The album was released July 23, 2013, by Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records and Republic Records.
 The album contains contributions from several YMCMB members, including Birdman, Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj, Tyga, Mack Maine, Limp Bizkit, Bow Wow, Ace Hood, Jae Millz, Cory Gunz, Gudda Gudda, Caskey, Detail, Busta Rhymes and Mystikal.
 The compilation also features guest appearances from artists outside the labels, including Future, Meek Mill, French Montana, T.I., Yo Gotti, Flo Rida, Chris Brown, Rick Ross, The Game, Kendrick Lamar, and R. Kelly.
 The album was supported by the three singles "Tapout" which peaked at No. 45 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, along with the R. Kelly featured "We Been On" and "50 Plates" by Rick Ross.
 The album received generally mixed reviews from music critics and sold 40,000 copies in the US after three weeks of sale.
"Money Trees" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kendrick Lamar, taken from his major label debut studio album "Good Kid, M.A.A.D City" (2012).
 The song, which appears as the fifth track on the album, features a guest appearance from his Black Hippy cohort, fellow American rapper Jay Rock.
 The song, produced by DJ Dahi, entered the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart at number 19 due to high downloads, following the album's release.
 The song, mixed by Top Dawg engineer Derek "MixedByAli" Ali, features background vocals from American singer Anna Wise of Sonnymoon, as well as a sample from the Beach House song "Silver Soul," from their 2010 album "Teen Dream".
Chinese legend has it that the money tree (搖錢樹) is a kind of holy tree, which can bring money and fortune to the people, and that it is a symbol of affluence, nobility and auspiciousness.
 It can be traced back to primitive societies when the adoration of a holy tree was prevalent.
 Whilst Money trees may be derived from the Sun tree myth associated with paradise, the coins link paradise with a material bounty in this world.
 There also exists a holy tree named Chinese Hibiscus in Chinese mythology.
 According to the existing historical narratives, the concept of the "money tree" is derived at the latest from the Han Dynasty.
 Cast-bronze money trees are a conspicuous feature of Han tombs in Sichuan.
"These Walls" is a song by American rapper Kendrick Lamar.
 It was released on October 13, 2015, as the fifth and final single from his third album, "To Pimp a Butterfly" (2015).
 The track was written by Kendrick Lamar, Terrace Martin, Larrance Dopson, James Fauntleroy and Rose McKinney.
 It won Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 58th Grammy Awards.
