Chapmantown (originally called Chapman's Addition, Kenyan Oaks, and also Chapmanville) is an unincorporated community in Butte County, California.
 It lies at an elevation of 207 feet (63 m).
 It is a working class residential neighborhood.
 The neighborhood is named after Augustus Chapman an 1860 emigrant from Michigan to Chico.
 Mr. Chapman was owner of a hotel, general store and a large lumber mill with a retail store in Chico.
 Chapman designed a subdivision which developed rapidly and which is known to this day as Chapmantown (NPS 1982).
Allen Parkway is an arterial road west of Downtown Houston, Texas.
 It has a distance of approximately 2.3 miles (3.7 km), running from Interstate 45 west to Shepherd Drive, where it becomes Kirby Drive.
 Originally known as Buffalo Parkway, it was later named after John Kirby Allen and Augustus Chapman Allen, the founders of Houston.
Ben Pronsky (born November 15, 1978) is an American actor and voice actor.
 He is a direct descendant of Augustus Chapman Allen and John Kirby Allen, the founders of Houston, Texas.
 Ben studied regularly at the Larry Moss Studio and was founder and director of the Edgemar Film Festival in Santa Monica.
 He currently resides in Los Angeles, California.
 Ben has also done voice work for ADV Films and Bang Zoom!
 Entertainment; he is best known as the voice of Takashi Kamiyama from Cromartie, Harklight from Aldnoah Zero, Kurotabo from the , Mu Alexius from the , and Takehito Kumagami from Charlotte.
Augustus Chapman Allen (July 4, 1806 – January 11, 1864), along with his younger brother, John Kirby Allen, founded the City of Houston in the U.S. state of Texas.
 He was born on July 4, 1806, in Canaseraga Village, New York (the present day hamlet of Sullivan in the Town of Sullivan, New York), to Sarah (Chapman) and Roland Allen.
Allen's Landing is the birthplace of the city of Houston—the largest city in the U.S. state of Texas.
 In August 1836, just months after the Republic of Texas won its independence from Mexico, two brothers (and real estate developers) from New York—John Kirby Allen and Augustus Chapman Allen—purchased 6,642 acres (27 km²) in the area and settled there on the banks of Buffalo Bayou.
 Allen's Landing is located south of the University of Houston–Downtown Commerce Street Building, at the intersection of Commerce Street and Main Street.
Charlotte Baldwin Allen (July 14, 1805 – August 3, 1895) is known in Texan history as the "mother of Houston".
 She was the wife of Augustus Chapman Allen, who used her inheritance to finance the founding of this city.
The One Main Building, formerly the Merchants and Manufacturers Building (commonly referred to as the M&M Building), is a building on the campus of the University of Houston–Downtown.
 The building is recognized as part of the National Register of Historic Places, is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark, and considered a Contributing Building in Downtown Houston's Main Street/Market Square Historic District.
 The building was built above Allen's Landing—an area where Houston's founders John Kirby Allen and Augustus Chapman Allen originally settled.
When the city of Houston was founded in 1836 and incorporated in 1837, its founders—John Kirby Allen and Augustus Chapman Allen—divided it into political geographic districts called "wards".
 The ward system, a precursor to today's City Council districts, was a common political tool of the early 19th century, and is still used in some American cities.
 When the system was at its peak, the city had six wards, from the first to the sixth.
Swedish Inheritance Fund (Swedish: "Allmänna arvsfonden" ) is a Swedish State fund, established in 1928 when the Riksdag decided to abolish the right of inheritance for cousins and more distant relatives.
 When a person in Sweden dies without a written will and no living spouse or close family, his or her property is transferred to the fund; the fund also receives money from gifts and wills.
 The purpose of the fund is to support non-profit organizations and other voluntary associations to help improve conditions for children, young people and the disabled.
 The fund is administered by the Swedish Legal, Financial and Administrative Services Agency.
 Applications for grants from the fund, however, are reviewed and decided by the Swedish Inheritance Fund Commission, an agency that answers to the Ministry for Health and Social Affairs.
Market Square Park is a public park in Downtown Houston, Texas, United States.
 It is bounded by Travis, Milam, Congress and Preston streets.
 It has remained a geographic centerpiece of Downtown Houston since the arrival of the city's founders, John Kirby and Augustus Chapman Allen in 1836.
