"Man Next Door" (also known as "Quiet Place" or "I've Got to Get Away") is a song based on Garnet Mimms' 1964 American hit 'A Quiet Place' and originally recorded by John Holt with his group The Paragons in 1968.
"Quiet in Heaven"/"Song of Liberty" is a double A-side single, and is the only official release, by Faith No Man (stylised as Faith•No Man•), before the majority of their members quit and formed Faith No More.
 The songs have not appeared in any of the band's compilation albums and have not been performed live since Mike Morris left the band.
"Boris the Spider" is a song written by The Who's bass guitarist, John Entwistle.
 It appears as the second track of their 1966 album "A Quick One".
 This song is claimed to be Entwistle's first composition, and became a staple of live shows.
 This song, along with "My Wife", "Heaven and Hell" and "The Quiet One", were Entwistle's biggest songs to perform live.
 "The Quiet One" was written to replace this song and "My Wife", which Entwistle had become quite tired of singing.
 Though this song was popular, it was not released as a single in the US and the UK.
 In Japan, "Boris the Spider" was released as the B-side to "Whiskey Man" in 1967.
"For You" is a song written by Joe Burke and Al Dubin in 1930.
 Dubin wrote the songs for the Broadway show "42nd Street".
 The Glen Gray Orchestra recorded it with Kenny Sargent doing the vocals.
 Perry Como recorded it in November 1947, releasing the song in 1948.
 Dean Martin recorded it for an album in 1957.
 Timi Yuro also recorded the song.
 It was released on her LP "Timi Yuro" (Liberty LRP-3208 (mono) and Liberty LST-7208 (stereo)) in 1961.
Jefferson's Tree of Liberty is the tenth album by Jefferson Starship, released on September 2, 2008.
 It is the band's first studio album since 1999's "Windows of Heaven".
 The new album includes cover songs from Irish, American, English, and Latin-American traditions.
 The title is a reference to Thomas Jefferson's quotation, "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."
 The idea began in 2003 as "The Cuba Project", which was to include classic protest and folk songs recorded in Cuba.
 In 2008 the album was finally recorded but in California.
 About half of the songs planned for The Cuba Project were used on the final cut, with other songs coming from Jefferson Starship's previous repertoire and another project band member Paul Kantner had planned called "On the Threshold of Fire."
 The promotional tour for the album began in late June with shows at Larkspur, California followed by tours in the US and Europe before the album's release, and continued through December 2008 with a further tour in the US and a tour in Japan.
 On February 1, 2009, more tour dates and venues were announced by the band's manager Michael Gaiman, with additional plans to continue the tour through 2010 and bring it to Australia and South America.
 David Grisman joined the band for the April 2009 tour dates.
 The band's promotion for the album ended in June 2009 as the band changed their set-list to Jefferson Airplane's Woodstock Festival material and started touring with the "Heroes of Woodstock" through the end of October.
"Corcovado" (known in English as "Quiet Nights of Quiet Stars") is a bossa nova song written by Antônio Carlos Jobim in 1960.
 An English lyric was later written by Gene Lees.
 The Portuguese title refers to the Corcovado mountain in Rio de Janeiro.
 Andy Williams recorded the song with English lyrics, reaching #92 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #18 in the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart in 1965.
 Also receiving air-play, contemporaneously with Andy Williams' recording of "Quiet Nights," was Kitty Kallen's version.
 Her album, titled "Quiet Nights," was released by 20th Century-Fox Records in 1964.
"Kiss Me Quiet" is a song recorded by Canadian country singer Jess Moskaluke for her second extended play of the same name (2015).
 It was written by Kelly Archer, Corey Crowder, and Emily Shackelton and was produced by Crowder.
 "Kiss Me Quiet" was released August 28, 2015 as the EP's lead single.
 The song was Moskaluke's first solo top 10 on the Canada Country chart.
Faith No More, a San Francisco-based band, have recorded approximately 100 songs over the course of their career; this includes material from six studio albums, one live album, and numerous B-side tracks and out-takes.
 Faith No More were founded in 1981 as Sharp Young Men, and changed their name to Faith No Man before releasing the 1982 double A-side single "Quiet in Heaven" / "Song of Liberty".
 Upon assuming the name Faith No More, the band's first two full-length albums, "We Care a Lot" and "Introduce Yourself", were driven mostly by new vocalist Chuck Mosley and the "metallic guitar" of Jim Martin, blending elements of rap and heavy metal music.
 Mosley was later replaced by Mr. Bungle vocalist Mike Patton, who added lyrics to the already-written music for 1989's "The Real Thing".
 Their next studio album, "Angel Dust", moved away from the band's rap-influenced sound to experiment with different musical genres; a trend which became much more pronounced on the 1995 album "King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime".
"Backtrack" is a song recorded by British soul recording artist Rebecca Ferguson, taken as the lead single from the deluxe edition of her debut album "Heaven" (2012).
 The song was written by Ferguson and Jonny Lattimer, who produced the track with Tim Baxter as well.
 The song was released on 14 October 2012 in the United Kingdom, the day before the release of the deluxe edition of "Heaven".
 The single already features as a bonus track on the U.S. version of "Heaven".
 "Backtrack" contains elements of soul, jazz and pop.
 The single entered the UK Singles Chart at number 15, making it Ferguson's second top twenty hit.
"Take Me Home" is a song written by Kelly Archer, Jess Moskaluke, and Emily Shackelton and recorded by Moskaluke for her second extended play, "Kiss Me Quiet" (2015).
 The record was produced by Corey Crowder.
 "Take Me Home" was first released to digital retailers through MDM Recordings Inc. on August 28, 2015 alongside previous single, "Kiss Me Quiet", as a promotional single.
 The song was serviced to Canadian country radio on February 2, 2016 as the EP's second official single.
