Fire Study is a 2008 fantasy novel written by Maria V. Snyder.
 "Fire Study" is the third and final book in a three book series.
The Catawbans is a series of three books by Gary Freeze on the history and genealogy of Catawba County in North Carolina.
 Freeze, a professor at Catawba College in Salisbury, was commissioned by the county to write its official history, and his three book series is the result of over twenty years of work on the project.
 The series includes the following three books:
One For the Morning Glory is a fantasy novel by John Barnes, published 1996.
 It is a fairy tale where the characters know that they are in a fairy tale.
 The novel has a humorous tone similar to William Goldman's "The Princess Bride" — quite different from Barnes' usual science fiction.
 It forms the second part of a three book series whose first and third parts are not yet written.
The Coalwood Way (2000) is the second memoir in a series of three, by Homer Hickam, Jr. "The Coalwood Way" is a story of the Rocket Boys and Coalwood.
 Homer calls it an "equal," rather than a sequel because the story happens during the same timeframe as the first book.
 Today, it is one of the most often picked community/library reads in the United States.
 It is also studied in many school systems around the world.
 The Coalwood Way (2000) is followed by "Sky of Stone" (2002), and preceded by "October Sky" (1998).
October Sky (originally published as Rocket Boys) is the first memoir in a series of three, by Homer Hickam, Jr. It is a story of growing up in a mining town, and a boy's pursuit of amateur rocketry in a coal mining town.
 It won the W.D. Weatherford Award in 1998, the year of its release.
 Today, it is one of the most often picked community/library reads in the United States.
 It is also studied in many school systems around the world.
 "October Sky" was followed by "The Coalwood Way" (2000) and "Sky of Stone" (2002).
Barbara "Bobbie" Lucille Banda (c. 1947 – May 4, 2013) was an American Juaneño tribal elder, activist, and a member of the Juaneño Band of Mission Indians.
 Banda successfully championed efforts to introduction Native American curriculum, including Juaneño language courses, into the public school systems around San Juan Capistrano, California, during the 1970s.
 The curriculum is still taught in California public schools today.
Yoshiki Tonogai (外海良基 , Tonogai Yoshiki , born March 14) is a Japanese manga artist from Shiga, Japan.
 He is notable as the illustrator of one of the "Higurashi When They Cry" manga adaptations: "Himatsubushi-hen", or Time Killing Arc.
 He is also the artist and writer of "Doubt", which was completed in February 2009.
 He followed up the "Doubt" series with two spiritual sequels, "Judge" and "Secret", all connected by the recurring appearance of the iconic Rabbit mask from "Doubt".
 "Doubt" has been published in the US by Yen Press in its entirety in 2 volumes in April and July 2013, and the entire six book series of "Judge" and the three book series of "Secret" have been published by them as well.
 They have also been published in various countries in Europe.
The Sea Beggars is an incomplete book series by Paul Kearney.
 It began with "The Mark of Ran" (2004) and tells the story of Rol Cortishane.
 It is based almost entirely around ocean-based adventures.
 A second volume, "This Forsaken Earth" (original working title "The Stars We Sail By") was published in July 2006.
 The series was expected to be four books long and the third had nearly been completed when the series was unexpectedly dropped by Bantam in May 2007.
 After signing a new contract with Solaris, Paul announced this would now be a three book series and that the last book in the series was due to be published as an omnibus in Autumn 2012.
 However, due to the US publishers never releasing the rights for the final book, this remains unpublished.
The Mahabharata Quest: The Alexander Secret is the second novel by Indian author Christopher C. Doyle and was released on 9 October 2014 by Westland Publishers.
 The story follows Vijay and his friends as they embark on a quest to learn about Alexander the Great's secret mission in India while encountering bioterrorism.
 Following his first novel, "The Mahabharata Secret", Doyle was signed for a three book series by Westland.
 The author researched further on the "Mahabharata" and was also intrigued by Alexander's invasion of India and his sudden retreat.
 Doyle combined secrets from the epic and created the story, stating that he consulted Sanskrit scholars and science experts regarding the theories he put in the book.
 "The Mahabharata Quest: The Alexander Secret" was a commercial success and received positive critical reviews, which praised the storytelling and the theme.
The Great American Bathroom Book is the name of a three book series - Vol.
 1, Vol.
 2 and Vol.
 3, published in 1992, 1993 and 1994, respectively.
 The books were published by Compact Classics, a small US publishing house.
