Lorin Thompson, Lorin Hartwell Jr Thompson, (1911–1997), was a muralist, artist, and creator and illustrator of the character "Ranger Rick" for the National Wildlife Federation's children's magazine, Ranger Rick.
Albert Houston Carter Jr. (born May 20, 1952) is a former reporter and sports columnist for the "Houston Chronicle", "The Dallas Morning News" and other major daily newspapers in Texas and Oklahoma.
 His writing career spanned three decades.
 He was the recipient of numerous national and regional writing awards, including Oklahoma Sportswriter of the Year (1980) and Texas Sportswriter of the Year (1985).
 He has made frequent appearances on TV and radio sports shows and has had numerous articles published in sports magazines and books.
Charles Richards Gordon, known as Dick "Scoop" Gordon (January 15, 1911 – December 8, 2008), was an American sports journalist whose works were a regular feature in venerable sports magazines like "The Sporting News", "Sports Illustrated", and "Baseball Digest".
 After earning his nickname "Scoop" in 1930 by reporting for "The Daily Princetonian" that golfing legend Bobby Jones would be retiring from active competition, Gordon went on to a sports reporting career which ended in 2008.
Ejikeme Ikwunze, popularly called Mr Football, is an international figure in Nigeria's sporting community.
 He is a sports columnist and contributes articles to several international sports magazines as well as Nigerian Newspapers including the "National Ambassador", "Vanguard", "ThisDay" and the "Daily Champion".
 He also features as a sports commentator on several stations such as "Federal Radio Corporation of Nigeria", the "BCA Radio", "Abia Television" and "Pacesetter Radio".
Football World, later renamed "Athletic World", was an American magazine devoted to the coverage of inter-collegiate sports.
 Its masthead described it as "A Magazine With a Mission to Serve the College Man," a publication "devoted to Inter-collegiate Athletics and sports of Amateur standing only."
 It was founded in 1921 by J. D. Fetzer.
 The name of the magazine was later changed to "Athletic World" as the coverage extended to a broader range of sports, including women's swimming.
 Unlike other sports magazines of the era, which focused on promoting a healthy lifestyle, "Football World/Athletic World" celebrated the entertainment value of sports with a special emphasis on the personalities of famous athletes.
 The magazine was renamed "Outing" in December 1924, reflecting a change in its focus.
Ranger Rick, originally Ranger Rick's Nature Magazine, is a children’s nature magazine that is published by the United States National Wildlife Federation.
 The magazine offers feature articles and activities for children, ages 7 and up, in order to spark their interest in the outdoors and become more actively involved in the environment.
 The magazine's primary intention is to instill a passion for nature and promote activity outdoors.
 NWF also publishes two companion magazines, "Ranger Rick Jr.", which is aimed at ages 4–7, and "Ranger Rick Cub", which is aimed at kids 0–4 years old.)
El Gráfico is a classic monthly Argentine sports magazine.
 The magazine was originally published as a weekly newspaper in May 1919, and then turned to a sports magazine exclusively.
 It has been scheduled monthly from 2002.
 "El Gráfico" is one of the most regarded sports magazines not only in Argentina but in Latin America.
 The magazine was nicknamed "La Biblia del deporte" ("The Bible of sports") due to its chronicles, notable journalists and collaborators and its photography.
Wilson McLean (born 1937) is a Scottish illustrator and artist.
 He has illustrated primarily in the field of advertising, but has also provided cover art for music albums, sports magazines (including Sports Illustrated), a children's book, and other commercial endeavors.
World Soccer is an English language football magazine published by IPC Media.
 The magazine was established in 1960.
 It specialises in the international football scene.
 Its regular contributing writers include Brian Glanville, Sid Lowe and Tim Vickery.
 "World Soccer" is a member of the European Sports Magazines (ESM), an umbrella group of similar magazines printed in other languages.
 Other members include "A Bola", "Don Balón", "Kicker", "La Gazzetta dello Sport" and "Sport Express".
 The members of this group elect a European "Team of the Month" and a European "Team of the Year".
Marc André Laguerre (February 21, 1915 – January 18, 1979) was a journalist and magazine editor, best known as the managing editor of "Sports Illustrated" from 1960 to 1974, during which time he oversaw the growth in the magazine from a niche publication to become the industry leader in weekly sports magazines.
 It was under his leadership that the annual "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" was first published.
 When he retired in 1974, he had been managing editor of the magazine for 704 issues, then a record among magazines published by Time, Inc., SI's parent company.
