The White Rose is the third novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series, The Black Company.
 The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit, The Black Company, through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred year history.
Soldiers Live is the ninth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series, The Black Company.
 The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit, The Black Company, through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred year history.
Daniel Wretström (October 15, 1983-December 9, 2000) was a Swedish ultra-nationalist murdered in Salem, Sweden.
 He played in the white power rock band Vit Legion (White Legion).
The White Legion was a mercenary unit during the First Congo War (1996–97) employed on the side of Zaire President Mobutu Sese Seko.
 This group of several hundred men, mostly from former Yugoslavia, was given the task of defending the city of Kisangani and training Zairian troops.
 This effort was largely unsuccessful and in mid-March 1997 the mercenaries left the country.
The Black Company is a series of dark fantasy book written by American author Glen Cook.
 The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit, The Black Company, through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred-year history.
Tomaso Schiavo or Thomaso Schiavo di Lebano (Italian: "Tommaso Schiavo" ; "Thomas the Slav"; 1470) was a Venetian Dalmatian captain and mercenary commander that participated in the Ottoman–Venetian War (1463–79).
 He commanded a mercenary unit numbering 500 men largely recruited from Dalmatia.
 During the 1470 Ottoman siege of Venetian Negroponte the Venetians uncovered that he had sent envoys to the Ottomans; a deep conspiracy was unearthed and Schiavo's associates were arrested.
 His brother was tortured to death, giving up plans of an Ottoman attack.
 Schiavo, unknowing, was summoned by Erizzo and then killed.
The Dogs of War is a 1980 war film based upon the 1974 novel of the same name by Frederick Forsyth.
 Largely filmed in Belize, it was directed by John Irvin and starred Christopher Walken and Tom Berenger.
 In it a small mercenary unit of soldiers is privately hired to depose the president of a fictional African country so that a British tycoon can gain access to a platinum deposit.
Water Sleeps is the eighth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series, The Black Company.
 The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit, The Black Company, through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred year history.
Star Fox is a video game series created by Nintendo.
 The games follow an independent mercenary unit of anthropomorphic animals called Star Fox, led by chief protagonist Fox McCloud, and their adventures around the Lylat system.
 The original "Star Fox" (1993) was a forward-scrolling 3D rail shooter, though later titles added more directional freedom.
 The game's concept was inspired by a shrine to the fox deity Inari Ōkami, which Shigeru Miyamoto visited regularly.
 The shrine was accessible through a series of arches, influencing the gameplay.
Venom Snake (ヴェノム・スネーク , Venomu Sunēku ) , also known as Punished Snake (パニッシュド・スネーク , Panishudo Sunēku ) , is the protagonist in the 2015 video game "".
 He is the leader of the mercenary unit Diamond Dogs who returns to the battlefield after waking up from a nine-year coma in an incident that also resulted in the loss of his left arm and a piece of shrapnel embedded into the right side of his forehead.
 Initially introduced as recurring "Metal Gear" prequel protagonist and series antagonist Big Boss, hints of his true identity gradually emerge throughout the course of the story until it is ultimately revealed that he is actually a former combat medic who underwent facial reconstruction and subliminal brainwashing to serve as Big Boss's body double.
 The character is voiced by Akio Ōtsuka in the Japanese version and by Kiefer Sutherland in the English version.
