Janet Beer (b. 1 August 1956) is the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Liverpool.
 She took over from Howard Newby in February 2015, having previously been Vice-Chancellor at Oxford Brookes University and Pro-Vice Chancellor and Dean of Humanities, Law and Social Sciences at Manchester Metropolitan University.
Eric Sunderland, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (18 March 1930 – 24 March 2010) was a Welsh anthropologist and academic.
 He served as Principal and then Vice-Chancellor of the University College of North Wales from 1984 to 1995, and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Wales from 1989 to 1991.
 He had previously taught at the University of Durham, where he had risen to be Professor of Anthropology (1971 to 1984) and Pro Vice-Chancellor (1979 to 1984).
 In retirement, he held a number of royal appointments: he served as High Sheriff of Gwynedd for 1998/1999, and as Lord Lieutenant of Gwynedd from 2000 to 2006.
Professor Dato Dr. Mohd Noh Dalimin, BSc (Gadjah Mada University), MSc PhD (Lond), DIC (Imperial College), DSDK, PGDK, ASDK, is a Professor of Physics (Energy and Materials).
 He is the second Vice-Chancellor of Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia (UTHM) , from October, 2008 until October 2016 replacing Prof. Dato.
 Dr. Ismail Hj.
 Bakar.
 Prior to that, he was the Vice-Chancellor of University Malaysia Sabah (UMS) between 2005 and 2008, and a Deputy Vice-Chancellor between 1998 and 2005, in the same university.
Zameer Uddin Shah (born 15 August 1948) is a retired Indian Army general.
 He is an alumnus of St Joseph’s College, Nainital.
 He last served as the Deputy Chief of Army Staff (Planning & Systems), Indian Army.
 After retirement, he served for some time as an administrative member on the bench of the Armed Forces Tribunal.
 He is the Ex Vice-Chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University.
 He assumed the appointment of Vice-Chancellor, Aligarh Muslim University on 17 May 2012 and his term ended on 16th May 2017.
 The Vice- Chancellor, despite having spent more than 40 years in the Army, has had considerable experience in the fields of education, judiciary and diplomacy.
 He is the former Vice-Chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University who had promised AMU to make it the no. 1 university of the country by the end of his 5 year tenure.
 He lived up to his promise as AMU has been ranked as the no. 1 university of India by The Times Higher Education Ranking dated Sept 2017.
 He was highly speculated to be the vice president of India in 2017.
Universities UK is an advocacy organisation for universities in the United Kingdom.
 It began life as the Committee of Vice-Chancellors and Principals of the Universities of the United Kingdom (CVCP) in the nineteenth century when there were informal meetings involving vice-chancellors of a number of universities and principals of university colleges.
 The current president is Janet Beer, vice-chancellor of the University of Liverpool.
 The current Chief Executive is Alistair Jarvis, who took up this role in August 2017.
William Henry Bateson (1812, Liverpool, Lancashire – 1881 Cambridge, Cambridgeshire) was a British scholar and, from 1857 until 1881, Master of St John's College, Cambridge.
 In 1858 Bateson held the position of Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge.
 He was the father of the geneticist William Bateson and Margaret Bateson, and the grandfather of cyberneticist Gregory Bateson.
The Pontifical Gregorian University (Italian: "Pontificia Università Gregoriana" ; also known as the Gregoriana) is a pontifical university located in Rome, Italy.
 It was originally a part of the Roman College founded in 1551 by Saint Ignatius of Loyola, and included all grades of schooling.
 The university division of philosophy and theology of the Roman College was given Papal approval in 1556, making it the first university founded by the Society of Jesus (Jesuits).
 In 1584 the Roman College was given a grandiose new home by Pope Gregory XIII, after whom it was renamed.
 It was already making its mark not only in sacred but also in natural science.
Prof. V. N. Rajasekharan Pillai (; born 20 October 1949) is President of Mewar University, Chiittorgarh, Rajasthan, India.
 Concurrently he serves as the Honorary President of the Human Development Foundation India, a Civil Society Organisation in the National Capital Region, New Delhi.
 He was Executive Vice-President of the Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment, Govt of Kerala during the period 2011-2014.
 Simultaneously he held positions as the Principal Secretary, Science & Technology Dept of the Govt of Kerala, Chairman of the Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority and the Kerala Biotechnology Commission.
 Prior to that Prof. Pillai was the Vice-Chancellor of the Indira Gandhi National Open University ( IGNOU ), New Delhi ( 2006-2011) holding simultaneously the position of the Chairman, Distance Education Council, Govt of India.
 He served as Vice-Chairman & Chairman of the University Grants Commission, Govt of India, New Delhi during the period 2003-2006.
 He was the Executive Director of the National Assessment and Accreditaition Council ( NAAC), Govt of India, during the period 2000-2003.
 Prior to that Prof. V. N. Rajasekharan Pillai was the Vice-Chancellor of the Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam, Govt of Kerala and held additional charge of the Cochin University of Science and Technology (1996-2000).
 In 2000 he was on a Visiting Research Professor assignment in the University of Lausanne, Switzerland.
 From 1983 to 1986, Dr. Pillai worked in various academic and research executive positions in the Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam such as the Founder Professor and Director of the School of Chemical Sciences, Dean of Faculty of Science, Founder Director of the School of Professional Distance Education, Director, College Development Council and Controller of Examinations of the University.
 During the period 1977-1983, Dr. Pillai worked as a Post-Doctoral Research Fellow, on deputation from Calicut University, Kerala, in the Universities of Tubigen and Mainz, Germany.
 From 1971 to 1983, he worked in the Universities of Kerala and Calicut University as UGC/CSIR Junor and Senior Research Fellow, Assistant Professor and Associate Professor in the area of Chemical Sciences.
 Professor Rajasekharan Pillai is an Elected Fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences.
 Distinguished Fellow of the Kerala Academy of Sciences, and an Honorary Fellow of the Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers ( IETE), New Delhi.
 He was also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry and an Honorary Senior Fellow of the Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research, Banaglaore.
The University of Aberdeen is a public research university in Aberdeen, Scotland.
 It is an ancient university founded in 1495 when William Elphinstone, Bishop of Aberdeen, petitioned Pope Alexander VI on behalf of James IV, King of Scots to establish King's College, making it Scotland's third-oldest university and the fifth-oldest in the English-speaking world.
 The university as it is today was formed in 1860 by a merger between King's College and Marischal College, a second university founded in 1593 as a Protestant alternative to the former.
 Today, Aberdeen is consistently ranked among the top 200 universities in the world and is one of two universities in the city, the other being the Robert Gordon University.
Jagan Nath University, Jaipur, Village Rampura, Tehsil Chaksu, Jaipur (Rajasthan) is a private university founded in 2008 in Rajasthan.
 Prof. V. K. Agarwal is Vice-Chancellor of the University.
 Prof. Mahendra Tiwari is Head & Dean of the Department of Law.
 UGC has approved the University after submission of compliance.
