Randolph Apperson Hearst (December 2, 1915 – December 18, 2000) was the fourth and last surviving son of William Randolph Hearst and Millicent Hearst.
 His twin brother, David, died in 1986.
 Randolph is the father of Patty Hearst.
Phoebe Millicent Hearst Cooke (July 13, 1927 – November 18, 2012) was an American businesswoman and philanthropist.
 She served on the board of directors of the Hearst Corporation from 1962 to 1998.
 She was a granddaughter of William Randolph Hearst.
 Her twin brother was former Hearst Corporation chairman George Randolph Hearst, Jr., who died in June 2012.
Bryant Charles Gumbel (born September 29, 1948) is an American television journalist and sportscaster, best known for his 15 years as co-host of NBC's "Today".
 He is the younger brother of sportscaster Greg Gumbel.
 Since 1995, he has hosted HBO's acclaimed investigative series "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel", which has been rated as "flat out TV's best sports program" by the "Los Angeles Times".
 It won a Peabody Award in 2012.
Greg Gumbel (born May 3, 1946) is an American television sportscaster.
 He is best known for his various assignments on the CBS network (most notably, the National Football League and NCAA basketball).
 The older brother of news and sportscaster Bryant Gumbel, he became the first African-American (and Creole) announcer to call play-by-play of a major sports championship in the United States when he announced Super Bowl XXXV for the CBS network in 2001.
 He is of Creole ancestry.
 Gumbel is currently a play-by-play broadcaster for the "NFL on CBS" alongside Trent Green as well as the studio host for CBS' men's college basketball coverage.
William Randolph Hearst II (born 1942) is one of John Randolph Hearst's sons.
 Within the family, he is often referred to as Billy.
 He attended the University of San Francisco and married Jennifer Gooch; they had a son, Jason Hearst.
 William and Jennifer divorced, and Jennifer married Andrew Rowe, Jr.; she died in 2008.
William Randolph Hearst Jr. (January 27, 1908 – May 14, 1993) was an American businessman and newspaper publisher.
 He was the second son of the publisher William Randolph Hearst.
 He became editor-in-chief of Hearst Newspapers after the death of his father in 1951.
 He won a Pulitzer Prize for his interview with Soviet premier, Nikita Khrushchev, and associated commentaries in 1955.
John Randolph Hearst (1909–1958) was an American business executive and the third son of William Randolph Hearst.
Amanda Randolph Hearst (born January 5, 1984) is an American socialite, activist, fashion model, and heiress to the Hearst Corporation, William Randolph Hearst's media conglomerate.
 She is an associate market editor at "Marie Claire" and the founder of Friends of Finn, an organization dedicated to stopping the inhumane treatment of dogs in puppy mills.
 She also served as a co-chair of Riverkeeper's Junior Council.
William Randolph Hearst Memorial State Beach is located near the historic town of San Simeon along California State Route 1, in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.
 It is named for newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst (1863–1951), whose family is closely associated with the area.
Daniel E. Greene PSA, NA, AWS (born 1934) is an American artist who works in the media of pastels and oil painting.
 The Encyclopædia Britannica considers Mr. Greene the foremost pastelist in the United States.
 His paintings and pastels are in over 700 public and private collections in the United States and abroad.
 Highly regarded as a portrait artist, his subjects have included leaders of Government, Banking, Education and Industry.
 Some of his sitters include First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt, Ayn Rand, Astronaut Walter Schirra, William Randolph Hearst, “Wendy’s” founder Dave Thomas, Commentator Rush Limbaugh, Composer Alan Menken, Bryant Gumbel and Bob Schieffer of CBS TV.
 Governmental Portraits include Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman, Governor Paul Laxalt of Nevada, Governor Gerald Baliles of Virginia, Governor Benjamin Cayetano of Hawaii, and Governor Fob James of Alabama.
 Business sitters include the chairmen of the boards of Honeywell, Coca-Cola Company, Dupont Corporation, Endo Pharmaceuticals, American Express, The New York Stock Exchange and IBM.
 Mr. Greene has also painted the Deans, Presidents and Benefactors of Tufts, Duke, Columbia, North Carolina, West Point, Delaware, Penn State, New York, Princeton, Rutgers, Yale and Harvard Universities.
