Saint Thomas (Spanish: "Santo Tomás" ; Dutch: "Sint-Thomas" ; Danish: "Sankt Thomas" ) is one of the Virgin Islands in the Caribbean Sea and, together with St. John, Water Island and St. Croix, form a county and constituent district of the United States Virgin Islands (USVI), an unincorporated territory of the United States.
 Located on the island is the territorial capital and port of Charlotte Amalie.
 As of the 2010 census, the population of Saint Thomas was 51,634 about 48.5% of the US Virgin Islands total.
 The district has a land area of 32 sqmi .
John Martin Mack (b. in Württemberg, Germany, 13 April 1715; d. Saint Thomas, 9 June 1784) was a Moravian bishop.
 He came to the United States in 1735, and joined the Moravian colony in the province of Georgia.
 Thence he went to Pennsylvania, and assisted at the founding of Bethlehem.
 Soon afterward he was appointed missionary among the Indians, and labored with great success for twenty years in New York, Pennsylvania, and New England.
 Both in New York and New England the Moravians were accused of being spies of the French, and in consequence their missionaries were made to suffer.
 Mack was arrested and imprisoned at Milford, Connecticut, and banished from the province of New York.
 But such persecutions speedily came to an end when, in 1749, the parliament of Great Britain acknowledged the Moravians to be an ancient episcopal church, and invited them to settle in this country.
 Meanwhile Mack had founded Gnadenhütten, a nourishing Christian Indian settlement in the Lehigh Valley, Pennsylvania.
 At a later time he founded Nain, another Christian Indian town, near Bethlehem.
 He was in the full tide of successful work when he was unexpectedly called to the West Indies as superintendent of the missions in the Danish islands.
 Although it cost him a hard struggle to give up his labors among the aborigines and leave America, he accepted the call, and for twenty-two years devoted himself to the interests of the slaves in Saint Croix, Saint John, and Saint Thomas, where he resided.
 In 1770 he visited Bethlehem, where he was consecrated to the episcopacy on 18 Oct.
 On returning to the West Indies he continued his work, and in the midst of that war between England and France that grew out of the American Revolution he visited all the missions on the British islands, and twice narrowly escaped capture.
The Danish West Indies (Danish: "Dansk Vestindien" ) or Danish Antilles was a Danish colony in the Caribbean, consisting of the islands of Saint Thomas with 32 sqmi ; Saint John with 19 sqmi ; and Saint Croix with 84 sqmi .
 The Danish West India Guinea Company annexed the uninhabited island of Saint Thomas
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Thomas (Latin: "Dioecesis Sancti Thomae in Insulis Virgineis" ) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean.
 The diocese comprises the overseas dependency of the U.S. Virgin Islands, specifically the islands Saint Thomas, Saint Croix and Saint John.
 The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Washington.
 Bishops of Saint Thomas are members of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops and also enjoy observer status with the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The Scandinavian Collectors Club is a United States-based philatelic society dedicated to the collection and study of the postage stamps and postal history of the Scandinavia region, including the geographical regions of Åland, Aunus, the Danish West Indies, Denmark, the Faroes, Finland, Greenland, Iceland, Karelia, North Ingermanland, Norway, Slesvig, and Sweden.
East End is an administrative subdistrict of the island of Saint Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands.
 The largest community here is Red Hook, while smaller communities include Benner, Nazareth, Nadir, Frydendal, and Smith Bay.
 Some of the offshore islands here include Great Saint James Island, Little Saint James Island, Bovoni Cay, Patricia Cay, Cas Cay, Rotto Cay, Thatch Cay, Shark Island, and Dog Island.
 The East End subdistrict received 731 new residents between the 2000 U.S. Census and the 2010 U.S. Census, and has a 2010 population of 6,658.
 The East End region offers a more secluded character and less population density than subdistricts as Charlotte Amalie, Southside, and the Tutu subdistricts.
 This subdistrict is home to numerous of the islands’ largest resorts, in addition to many shopping areas and entertainment venues, as well as the Coral World Marine Park & Underwater Observatory in Coki Point, which is the most popular tourist attraction on Saint Thomas.
 East End is located about 7.4 miles east of the territorial capital of Charlotte Amalie, which is an approximately thirty-minute drive on the windy, small and narrow Saint Thomas roads.
 There are buses and taxis leaving from the East End.
 A typical fare for a taxi drive to the capital costs $20.
 The hotels on Saint Thomas are evenly divided between the two subdistricts of Charlotte Amalie, and the more expensive resort-style hotels by their own beachside in East End.
 The East End resorts are therefore generally more expensive than those found elsewhere on the island.
 Some of the famous beaches found here are Lindquist- and Sapphire Beaches, while others include Pineapple Beach (Renaissance Beach) and Vessup Beach amongst others.
Southside is a census subdistrict (CSD) on Saint Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands.
 The CSD is bordering Charlotte Amalie from Havensight in the west, Nordside- and the Tutu subdistricts to the north, and the East End subdistrict to the east.
 The 2010 U.S. Census showed a population of 5,411 people, which is a decrease of 56 people as compared to the 2000 U.S. Census of 5,467.
 Some of the communities here includes Havensight, Bellevue, Raphune, Hoffman, Bolongo and Bovoni.
 As the hotels and resorts in this region fronts the calmer Caribbean Sea as opposed to the Atlantic Ocean on the Northside, the sea and weather tend to stay calmer in this region as compared to the northern parts of Saint Thomas.
 The months of January and February are the coldest here, when night temperates can reach the 60s, while it’s more commonly with winter temperatures in the 70s and summer temperatures in the 80s in this region.
 Some of the popular beaches here includes Limetree Beach (Bluebeard’s Beach), Morningstar Beach, Frenchman’s Reef Beach, and Bolongo Bay Beach.
Hugo Josefsson is a Swedish philatelist who in 1986 won the Grand Prix National at the STOCKHOLMIA 86 international stamp exhibition.
 In 1990 he was awarded the Strandell Medal by the Scandinavian Collectors Club.
 He is a specialist in the nineteenth century stamps of Sweden.
The new seal of the United States Virgin Islands features the three-island design of the main islands of Saint Croix, Saint John and Saint Thomas, often seen throughout the territory.
 It reads "Government of the United States Virgin Islands".
 It replaces an earlier seal similar to the flag of the United States Virgin Islands, which was based on the central design of the Great Seal of the United States.
 The seal also contains the flag of the United States and also the flag of Denmark to symbolise its former status as a Danish colony before 1917.
 There's also, centered in the seal, a bananaquit, the island's national bird
The Scandinavia Philatelic Society was founded in the United Kingdom in 1952 as the Scandinavian Collectors Club, to promote the collection of Stamps, Postcards and Postal History of greater Scandinavia.
 That is Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden, Iceland, Greenland, Faroe Islands, Danish West Indies, Åland Islands and Spitsbergen.
