Talma was the stage name of Mary Ann Ford (1861 – July 13, 1944), a female magician who is best known for performing with her husband Servais Le Roy in the act "Le Roy, Talma & Bosco".
 Talma was born in England while her husband was Belgian.
 She became accomplished at performing sleight of hand and manipulation acts, especially coin manipulation, and she was often billed as "The Queen of Coins".
 As a performer, she adopted the name Mercedes Talma but was generally known just as Talma.
 Talma was taught magic by Le Roy and although being an assistant she was known for her own coins tricks including the "Out of the ear" trick and "Talma's travelling coin."
 Eventually she was known as "The Queen Of Coins."
Guadalupe Bracho Pérez-Gavilán, better known as Andrea Palma (16 April 1903 in Durango, Mexico – 6 October 1987 in Mexico City, Mexico) was a Mexican film stage and television actress.
 She was considered the first major female star of the Mexican cinema after her role in the Mexican film "La Mujer del Puerto" (1934).
Lauren Bacall ( , born Betty Joan Perske; September 16, 1924 – August 12, 2014) was an American actress and singer known for her distinctive voice and sultry looks.
 She was named the 20th greatest female star of Classic Hollywood cinema by the American Film Institute, and received an Academy Honorary Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 2009, "in recognition of her central place in the Golden Age of motion pictures."
Davesh Soneji is Associate Professor in the Department of South Asia Studies at the University of Pennsylvania.
 His research interests lie at the intersections of social and cultural history, religion, and anthropology.
 For the past two decades, he has produced research that focuses primarily on religion and the performing arts in South India, but also includes work on gender, class, caste, and colonialism.
 He is best known for his work on the social history of professional female artists in Tamil and Telugu-speaking South India and is author of Unfinished Gestures: Devadāsīs, Memory, and Modernity in South India (University of Chicago Press, 2012), which was awarded the 2013 Bernard S. Cohn Book Prize from The Association for Asian Studies (AAS).
 He is also editor of Bharatanāṭyam: A Reader (Oxford University Press, 2010; 2012) and co-editor, with Indira Viswanathan Peterson, of Performing Pasts: Reinventing the Arts in Modern South India (Oxford University Press, 2008).
 He is presently co-editing another volume entitled Dance and the Early South Indian Cinema (forthcoming).
 Prof. Soneji has recently held positions as Visiting Professor at the Central University of Hyderabad in India, as well as Le Centre d'Études de l'Inde et de l'Asie du Sud (CEIAS) in Paris.
 Prior to coming to the University of Pennsylvania, Prof. Soneji taught at McGill University in Montreal, Canada for over twelve years.
 Prof. Soneji is also the co-founder and director of The Mangala Initiative, a non-profit organization centred on social justice issues for hereditary performing artists in South India.
 He is currently working a new book on the social history of “classical” (Karṇāṭak) music and musical production in South India from the late eighteenth to the mid-twentieth centuries.
The Kleptones are a one-man English electronic music group fronted by music producer and DJ Eric Kleptone.
 They are best known for their Internet-exclusive mashup albums.
 Typically, Eric Kleptone mixes rock/R&B instrumentals with rap and hip-hop vocals in a style that is "fun... and often surprising".
 Both his name and the group's name are parodies of the famous guitarist, Eric Clapton, and a play on the fact that he is a "klepto of tones" (that is, he "steals" others' music).
For her work, Salvador has won the Philippines Most Promising Female Star at GMMSF in 2014 for "Be Careful With My Heart" and has since garnered a FAMAS Award, three PMPC Awards (one for Best New Artist, two for acting) and holds three singles in OPM Top 10.
 Her self-titled debut album reached no. 1 nationwide shortly after release and attained platinum record status.
 She has also lent her voice to Disney for Hong Kong Disneyland and "Disney in Concert".
Kim Betts (née Williams; born 25 December 1971) is an English Gymnast, bodybuilder and TV presenter best known as Lightning in the ITV show Gladiators, where she was the longest serving female star.
Katharine Houghton Hepburn (May 12, 1907 – June 29, 2003) was an American actress.
 Known for her fierce independence and spirited personality, Hepburn was a leading lady in Hollywood for more than 60 years.
 She appeared in a range of genres, from screwball comedy to literary drama, and she received four Academy Awards—a record for any performer—for Best Actress.
 In 1999, Hepburn was named by the American Film Institute as the greatest female star of Classic Hollywood Cinema.
Fredrica Löf, also known as Fredrique Löwen (née "Johanna Fredrika Löf"; Stockholm, October 1760 – Torsåker, Södermanland, 17 July 1813), was a Swedish stage actress.
 She was the first female star at the newly founded national stage Royal Dramatic Theater, which was founded the year of her debut.
Marie Baptiste née "Dumont", also known as Mademoiselle le Prévost (or Prevot) (born in Bordeaux, France - died after 1786), was a French actress and singer.
 She spent a large part of her career in Sweden, where she was the perhaps most significant female star of the French Theatre during the Age of Liberty.
