The Cuban League was one of the earliest and longest lasting professional baseball leagues outside of the United States, operating in Cuba from 1878 to 1961.
 The schedule usually operated during the winter months, so the league was sometimes known as the "Cuban Winter League."
 It was always a small league, generally 3 to 5 teams, and was centered in Havana, though it sometimes included teams from outlying cities such as Matanzas or Santa Clara.
 The league became racially integrated in 1900, and during the first half of the 20th century the Cuban League was a premier venue for black and white players to meet.
 Many great black Northern American players competed in Cuba alongside native black and white Cuban stars such as José Méndez, Cristóbal Torriente, Adolfo Luque, and Martín Dihigo.
 After 1947, the Cuban League entered into an agreement with Major League Baseball and was used for player development.
 Following the 1959 Cuban Revolution, however, tensions rose with the new Communist government, and in March 1961 the government decreed the abolition of professional baseball.
Cuba's National Art Schools (Escuelas Nacionales de Arte, now known as the Instituto Superior de Arte) are considered by historians to be among the most outstanding architectural achievements of the Cuban Revolution.
 These innovative, organic Catalan-vaulted brick and terra-cotta structures were built on the site of a former country club in the far western Havana suburb of Cubanacán, which used to be Havana's "Beverly Hills" and was then mainly reserved for Communist Party officials.
 The schools were conceived and founded by Fidel Castro and Che Guevara in 1961, and they reflect the utopian optimism and revolutionary exuberance of the early years of the Cuban Revolution.
 Over their years of active use, the schools served as the primary incubator for Cuba’s artists, musicians, actors and dancers.
Eulogio Cantillo (September 13, 1911, Cuba - September 9, 1978, Miami, Florida, U.S.) was a general in the pre-revolutionary Cuban army.
 General Cantillo served as Chief of the Joint Staff during the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista.
 Cantillo did not participate in the military coup that brought Batista to power.
 During the Cuban Revolution, he led Cuban soldiers in the fight against Fidel Castro's 26th of July Movement.
 After the Cuban Revolution, He was tried by the revolutionary tribunals and sentenced to 15 years in prison.
 He was released before serving his entire sentence sometime in the sixties, and went into exile in Miami where he died in 1978.
Rock Around the Blockade (RATB), is a Cuba solidarity organisation in Britain founded by members of the Revolutionary Communist Group (UK) in 1995.
 RATB sees the struggle to defend the Cuban Revolution as part of building a movement for socialism and communism in Britain.
 In this is appears to differ from the Cuba Solidarity Campaign which attempts to build a broad front, largely but not exclusively through the mainstream labour movement, in support of the Cuban Revolution through emphasising the defence of Cuba's right to sovereignty.
Brian Cuban is an American attorney, author, and activist.
 He is often interviewed authority on Male Eating Disorders and a lawyer and activist in the areas of First Amendment issues and hate speech.
 He is also the brother of Mark Cuban and resides in Dallas, Texas.
 He was born on January 11, 1961, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 He grew up in Pittsburgh and attended Mt. Lebanon High School.
 Cuban earned his undergraduate degree from Pennsylvania State University and his law degree from The University of Pittsburgh School of Law.
 He is licensed to practice law in Pennsylvania (inactive) and Texas, specializing in First Amendment issues.
 He runs a blog called "The Cuban Revolution" that he uses as a platform to discuss many First Amendment legal battles and news stories.
Cuban immigration to the United States, for the most part, occurred in two periods: the first series of immigration of Cuban Americans from Cuba to the United States resulted from establishment of Cuban cigar factories in Tampa and from attempts to overthrow Spanish colonial rule by the movement led by José Martí, the second from dissatisfaction with communist rule by Fidel Castro following the Cuban Revolution.
 Massive Cuban migration to Miami during the second series led to major demographic and cultural changes in Miami.
 There was also economic emigration, particularly during the Great Depression in the 1930s.
Ernesto "Che" Guevara (] June 14, 1928 – October 9, 1967) was an Argentine Marxist revolutionary, physician, author, guerrilla leader, diplomat and military theorist.
 A major figure of the Cuban Revolution, his stylized visage has become a ubiquitous countercultural symbol of rebellion and global insignia in popular culture.
Arthur Quinlan (15 January 1921 – 22 December 2012) was an Irish raconteur and print journalist with "The Irish Times".
 Known for his interviews with politicians, royalty and film stars in a career spanning more than 50 years, he was widely regarded as a very important figure in his field, and was both the first Irishman to get a jet across the Atlantic Ocean to New York in 1958 and the only western journalist to have interviewed Che Guevara.
 Considered a "master of executing international scoops", his work was sent across the world.
The Republic of Cuba (Spanish: República de Cuba) of 1902 to 1959, refers to the historical period in Cuba from 1902, when Cuba seceded from US rule in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War that took Cuba from Spanish rule in 1898, until the Cuban Revolution of 1959.
 Cuban independence from the United States was guaranteed in the Platt Amendment proposed to the United States Congress in 1901.
 It was officially a representative democracy though at times it became controlled by a military junta.
 The Cuban Revolution of 1959 massively changed Cuban society, creating a socialist state and ended US economic dominance in Cuba.
Coffee has been grown in Cuba since the mid-18th century.
 Boosted by French farmers fleeing the revolution in Haiti, coffee farms expanded from the western plains to the nearby mountain ranges.
 Coffee production in eastern Cuba significantly increased during the 19th and early 20th centuries.
 At its peak production, Cuba exported more than 20000 MT of coffee beans per year in the mid 1950s.
 After the Cuban Revolution and the nationalization of the coffee industry, coffee production slowly began to decline until it reached all time lows during the Great Recession.
 Once a major Cuban export, it now makes up an insignificant portion of Cuban trade.
 By the 21st century, 92 percent of the country's coffee was grown in area of the Sierra Maestra mountains.
 All Cuban coffee is exported by Cubaexport, which pays regulated prices to coffee growers and processors.
