"Hiding in the Light" is the fifth episode of the American documentary television series "".
 It premiered on April 6, 2014 on Fox and aired on April 7, 2014 on National Geographic Channel.
 The episode explores properties of light, cameras, the scientific method, and the composition of the universe.
 The episode includes a look at the contributions of the 10th century physicist Ibn al-Haytham, described as the "father of the modern scientific method".
In academic publishing, a scientific journal is a periodical publication intended to further the progress of science, usually by reporting new research.
 Articles in scientific journals are mostly written by active scientists such as students, researchers and professors instead of professional journalists.
 There are thousands of scientific journals in publication, and many more have been published at various points in the past (see list of scientific journals).
 Most journals are highly specialized, although some of the oldest journals such as "Nature" publish articles and scientific papers across a wide range of scientific fields.
 Scientific journals contain articles that have been peer reviewed, in an attempt to ensure that articles meet the journal's standards of quality, and scientific validity.
 Although scientific journals are superficially similar to professional magazines, they are actually quite different.
 Issues of a scientific journal are rarely read casually, as one would read a magazine.
 The publication of the results of research is an essential part of the scientific method.
 If they are describing experiments or calculations, they must supply enough details that an independent researcher could repeat the experiment or calculation to verify the results.
 Each such journal article becomes part of the permanent scientific record.
The scientific method is a body of techniques for investigating phenomena, acquiring new knowledge, or correcting and integrating previous knowledge.
 To be termed scientific, a method of inquiry is commonly based on empirical or measurable evidence subject to specific principles of reasoning.
 The Oxford Dictionaries Online defines the scientific method as "a method or procedure that has characterized natural science since the 17th century, consisting in systematic observation, measurement, and experiment, and the formulation, testing, and modification of hypotheses".
 Experiments need to be designed to test hypotheses.
 Experiments are an important tool of the scientific method.
This timeline of the history of scientific method shows an overview of the cultural inventions that have contributed to the development of the scientific method.
 For a detailed account, see History of the scientific method.
Some controversies exist over the relationship of scientific method to religion.
 For example, some dispute to what degree scientific method had its origins in Christian theism, or to what degree the scientific method as understood in the 21st century is compatible with religion.
Francis Bacon, 1st Viscount St Alban(s), KC (22 January 1561 – 9 April 1626) was an English philosopher, statesman, scientist, lawyer, jurist, author and pioneer of the scientific method.
 He served both as Attorney General and Lord Chancellor of England.
 Although his political career ended in disgrace, he remained extremely influential through his works, especially as philosophical advocate and practitioner of the scientific method during the scientific revolution.
Inductivism is the traditional model of scientific method attributed to Francis Bacon, who in 1620 vowed to subvert allegedly traditional thinking.
 In the Baconian model, one observes nature, proposes a modest law to generalize an observed pattern, confirms it by many observations, ventures a modestly broader law, and confirms that, too, by many more observations, while discarding disconfirmed laws.
 The laws grow ever broader but never much exceed careful, extensive observation.
 Thus freed from preconceptions, scientists gradually uncover nature's causal and material structure.
The history of scientific method considers changes in the methodology of scientific inquiry, as distinct from the history of science itself.
 The development of rules for scientific reasoning has not been straightforward; scientific method has been the subject of intense and recurring debate throughout the history of science, and eminent natural philosophers and scientists have argued for the primacy of one or another approach to establishing scientific knowledge.
 Despite the disagreements about approaches, scientific method has advanced in definite steps.
 Rationalist explanations of nature, including atomism, appeared both in ancient Greece in the thought of Leucippus and Democritus, and in ancient India, in the Nyaya, Vaisesika and Buddhist schools, while Charvaka materialism rejected inference as a source of knowledge in favour of an empiricism that was always subject to doubt.
 Aristotle pioneered scientific method in ancient Greece alongside his empirical biology and his work on logic, rejecting a purely deductive framework in favour of generalisations made from observations of nature.
Anecdotal evidence is evidence from anecdotes, i.e., evidence collected in a casual or informal manner and relying heavily or entirely on personal testimony.
 When compared to other types of evidence, anecdotal evidence is generally regarded as limited in value due to a number of potential weaknesses, but may be considered within the scope of scientific method as some anecdotal evidence can be both empirical and verifiable, e.g. in the use of case studies in medicine.
 Other anecdotal evidence, however, does not qualify as scientific evidence, because its nature prevents it from being investigated by the scientific method.
Thomas J. "Tom" Murphy, Jr. (born August 15, 1944) is a city management consultant and was a Democratic politician from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 He served in state government in two capacities, from 1979 to 1982 representing the 17th district, and from 1983 to 1993 representing the 20th district.
 From January 1994 until January 2006 he served as mayor of Pittsburgh.
 Murphy is currently the senior resident fellow for urban development at the Urban Land Institute.
