Ruyifang Station () is a station on Line 6 of the Guangzhou Metro.
 It is located under the Liwan District in Guangzhou City, Guandong Province, southern China.
 It started operation on 28December 2013.
Qingsheng Railway Station () is a station in located in Qingsheng Village (), Dongchong Town, Panyu District, Guangzhou City, Guandong Province, China.
 It is one of the stations on the Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link between Guangzhou South Railway Station in the Panyu District and Futian Railway Station in Shenzhen City.
 Also, an elevated station on Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro, The metro station will start operation when it is necessary in nearby areas.
The Nanning–Youyiguan Expressway (), commonly referred to as the "Nanyou Expressway" (), is a 225.06 km in the Chinese autonomous region of Guangxi that connects the city of Nanning, the capital of Guangxi, and Friendship Pass, known in Chinese as "Youyiguan", a border crossing between China and Vietnam.
 The Friendship Pass is located in the county-level city of Pingxiang, under the administration of the city of Chongzuo.
 At the border, the expressway connects with National Route 1A in Vietnam.
 The expressway is designated G7211, and opened on 28 December 2005.
Kaiping (開平), formerly romanized in Cantonese as Hoiping, is a county-level city in Guangdong Province, China.
 It is located west of the Pearl River Delta and administered as part of the prefecture-level city of Jiangmen.
 The surrounding area, especially Sze Yup (Cantonese romanization: 四邑), is the ancestral homeland of many overseas Chinese, particularly in the United States.
 Kaiping has a population of 699,242 as of 2010 and an area of 1,659 km² .
 The locals speak a variant of the Toishan (Hoisan) dialect.
The Hunan–Guangxi Railway or Xianggui Railway (), is a mostly electrified railroad in southern China that connects Hunan province and the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
 The shortform name of the line, Xianggui, is named after the Chinese short names of Hunan, "Xiang" and Guangxi, "Gui".
 The line runs 1013 km from Hengyang in Hunan to Friendship Pass on Guangxi's border with Vietnam.
 Major cities along route include Hengyang, Yongzhou, Guilin, Liuzhou, Nanning, Pingxiang, and Friendship Pass.
Đồng Đăng Railway Station (Vietnamese: "Ga Đồng Đăng" ) is a railway station in Vietnam.
 It serves the town of Đồng Đăng, in Lạng Sơn Province.
 It is the last station on the line before the Friendship Pass border crossing with Pingxiang, Guangxi in China.
 It is not possible for foreigners to board the International Train at the station.
Diaolous () are fortified multi-storey watchtowers in village countryside, generally made of reinforced concrete.
 These towers are located mainly in the Kaiping (開平) county of Jiangmen prefecture in Guangdong province, China.
 In 2007, UNESCO designated the "Kaiping Diaolou and Villages" (Chinese:开平碉楼与村落) a World Heritage Site, which covers four separate Kaiping village areas: Sanmenli (三门里), Zilicun (自力村), Jinjiangli (锦江里), and Majianglong village cluster (马降龙村落群).
Huaxia Art Centre is a comprehensive facility for art and culture located on the outshirts of the Overseas Chinese Town in the Nanshan District, Shenzhen City, Guandong Province, China.
Guandong（官垌）is a Chinese town located Northeastern Pubei, Qinzhou, Guangxi, which is famous for Guandong Fish.
Tonghe Station () is a metro station on Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro.
 The underground station is located at the intersection of Guangzhou Avenue () and Tongsha Road () in the Baiyun District of Guangzhou City, Guandong Province, China.
 It started operation on 30October 2010.
