Love and Poison is the official biography of the English alternative rock band Suede.
 The book, written by long-time band associate David Barnett, reveals the real stories behind singer Brett Anderson's battle with drugs, his relationship with Elastica's Justine Frischmann and the subsequent feud with Blur after she started stepping out with Damon Albarn.
Swervedriver are an English alternative rock band formed in Oxford in 1989 around core members Adam Franklin and Jimmy Hartridge.
 Between 1989 and 1998, the band released four studio albums and numerous EPs and singles despite a considerable flux of members, managers, and record labels.
 By 1993 the band’s lineup had settled with Franklin on vocals/guitar, Hartridge on guitar, Jez Hindmarsh on drums, and Steve George on bass.
 They had emerged with a heavier rock sound than their shoegaze contemporaries, and over the next five years it evolved to include elements of psychedelia, classic pop, and indie rock.
 In 2008, the band reunited for touring purposes.
 They released their first new single in fifteen years in September 2013, and their first full-length album in seventeen years in March 2015.
Love and Rockets were an English alternative rock band formed in 1985 by former Bauhaus members Daniel Ash (vocals, guitar and saxophone), David J (bass guitar and vocals) and Kevin Haskins (drums and synthesisers) after that group split in 1983.
 Ash and Haskins had recorded and performed in another band, Tones on Tail, between 1982 and 1984.
 Love and Rockets' fusion of underground rock music with elements of pop music provided an early catalyst for alternative rock.
 They released seven studio albums before breaking up in 1999 and reformed briefly in 2007 for a few live shows, before splitting again in 2009.
Männer haben kein Gehirn (Men don't have Brains) is a promotional audiobook by German punk rock band Die Ärzte.
 It is a sampler of the 2001 "Lese-Tour" ("reading tour") "Die Ärzte - Hören, Sehen, Sagen ... Nicht!
 - Die Lesetour" featuring Markus Karg, the author of the official biography "Ein überdimensionales Meerschwein frisst die Erde auf".
 The original promo CD was only released for official fan club members, however, the audio files can still be downloaded from the band's official homepage.
The Housemartins were an English Alternative rock band formed in Hull who were active in the 1980s.
 Many of the Housemartins' lyrics were a mixture of Marxist politics and Christianity, reflecting singer Paul Heaton's beliefs at the time (the back cover of "London 0 Hull 4" contained the message, "Take Jesus – Take Marx – Take Hope").
 The group's cover version of the Isley Brothers' "Caravan of Love" was a UK Number 1 single in December 1986.
Freeze the Atlantic are an English alternative rock band based in Farnborough, Hampshire.
 The band were formed in late 2008 by Guy Davis, Jon Pearce and Andy Gilmour following the hiatus of both Reuben and Hundred Reasons.
 The group's name is taken from a song by English alternative rock band Cable from their 1997 album, "When Animals Attack".
Muse are an English alternative rock band formed in Teignmouth, Devon by Matthew Bellamy (lead vocals, guitars, piano), Christopher Wolstenholme (bass, backing vocals) and Dominic Howard (drums, percussion).
 The band have released seven studio albums: "Showbiz" (1999), "Origin of Symmetry" (2001), "Absolution" (2003), "Black Holes and Revelations" (2006), "The Resistance" (2009), "The 2nd Law" (2012) and "Drones" (2015). "
Supermassive Black Hole", the first single from the band's fourth album "Black Holes and Revelations", is Muse's highest charting single, peaking at #4 on the UK Singles Chart and #6 on "Billboard"'s Hot Modern Rock Tracks.
 The band's fourth studio album, "Black Holes and Revelations", has been their highest-selling album, with over three and a half million copies sold worldwide.
Express is the second studio album by English alternative rock band Love and Rockets.
 It was released on 15 September 1986 on Beggars Banquet Records.
 An even greater departure from the band members' previous work as Bauhaus, the album's fusion of underground rock with pop stylings can be seen as an early example of alternative rock music, a genre that reached mainstream popularity in the early 1990s.
Biography is a greatest hits compilation album by Irish Celtic rock band Horslips.
 The first disc comprises each of the band's singles that were released in the UK.
 The second comprises the B-sides to each of those singles, some of which have never been released on CD before.
 The album was released on 1 November 2013, to coincide with the release of the book "Tall Tales: The Official Biography of Horslips".
Nothing but Thieves are an English alternative rock band formed in 2012 in Southend-on-Sea, Essex.
 They consist of lead vocalist and guitarist Conor Mason, guitarist Joe Langridge-Brown, guitarist and keyboardist Dominic Craik, bassist Philip Blake, and drummer James Price.
 In 2014, they signed to RCA Records.
 Their style of music has been compared to the likes of Foals, The Neighbourhood, and Civil Twilight, and they have been played on alternative, modern rock and active rock radio.
