Peychaud's Bitters is a bitters distributed by the Sazerac Company.
 It was originally created around 1830 by Antoine Amédée Peychaud, a Creole apothecary from the French colony of Saint-Domingue (now Haiti) who settled in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1795.
 It is a gentian-based bitters, comparable to Angostura bitters, but with a lighter body, sweeter taste, and more floral aroma.
 Peychaud's Bitters is the definitive component of the Sazerac cocktail.
Meinhard's Bitters was created and manufactured by Dr. Teodoro Meinhard, a German-born resident of Venezuela, and the founder of Meinhard & Company.
 The full and exact name of Meinhard's Bitters is subject to some historical and legal question, and certainly changed over time.
 This brand of bitters came into existence in 1866 in Upata, Venezuela and manufacture moved in 1870 to Ciudad Bolívar (then called Angostura) Venezuela.
 The recipe was also licensed to Von Glahn Bros. and distributed as Caroni bitters in North America by 1893.
A gunner is a cocktail served in more prominent clubs, bars, golf clubs, especially those popular with expats, in Hong Kong and other parts of the Far East and India formerly under British colonial rule.
 It consists of equal parts ginger beer (or lemonade) and ginger ale with a dash of Angostura bitters and sometimes a measure of lime cordial or lemon juice.
 It is regarded as a non-alcoholic drink, although Angostura bitters is 44.7% alcohol by volume.
 It is noted for its refreshing qualities, especially in warm weather.
Orange bitters is a form of bitters, a cocktail flavoring made from the peels of Seville oranges, cardamom, caraway seed, coriander and burnt sugar in an alcohol base.
 Orange bitters, which are not to be confused with standard Angostura bitters, are currently enjoying a resurgence among cocktail enthusiasts.
A champagne cocktail is an alcoholic drink made with sugar, Angostura bitters, Champagne, brandy and a maraschino cherry as a garnish.
 It is one of the IBA Official Cocktails.
Angostura bitters ( ) is a concentrated bitters, or botanically infused alcoholic mixture, made of water, 44.7% ethanol, gentian, herbs and spices, by House of Angostura in Trinidad and Tobago.
 It is typically used for flavouring beverages or (less often) food.
 The bitters were first produced in the town of Angostura (Ciudad Bolívar, Venezuela) (hence the name), but do not contain angostura bark.
 The bottle is easily recognisable by its distinctive oversized label.
The House of Angostura ( ), also known as Angostura Limited, is a Trinidad and Tobago company famous for the production of Angostura bitters, invented by the company's founder.
 The company is also a distiller and is the major producer of rum in Trinidad and Tobago.
 The company also has been used as a vehicle for international expansion by its parent company, CL Financial.
 As a result of these acquisitions, the company owns distillers in the United States, Canada, The Bahamas and Suriname.
A pisco sour is an alcoholic cocktail of Peruvian origin that is typical of the cuisines from Chile and Peru, considered also a South American classic.
 The drink's name comes from "pisco", which is its base liquor, and the cocktail term "sour", in reference to sour citrus juice and sweetener components.
 The Peruvian pisco sour uses Peruvian "pisco" as the base liquor and adds freshly squeezed lime juice, syrup, ice, egg white, and Angostura bitters.
 The Chilean version is similar, but uses Chilean "pisco" and pica lime, and excludes the bitters and egg white.
 Other variants of the cocktail include those created with fruits like pineapple or plants such as coca leaves.
Pink Gin or Pink Plymouth is a cocktail made fashionable in England in the mid-19th century, consisting of Plymouth gin and a dash of Angostura bitters, a dark red bitters that makes the whole drink pinkish.
 Lemon rind is also commonly used as a garnish, with the citrus oils subtly complementing the flavour.
Lemon, Lime and Bitters (LLB) is a mixed drink made with lemonade, lime cordial, and Angostura bitters.
 The lemonade is sometimes substituted with lemon squash instead.
