A public domain film is a film that was released to public domain by its author or because its copyright has expired.
Purchase Records is a small record label started in 2000 by Joe Ferry, Jim McElwaine, and Karl Kramer, to showcase the talents of the students and faculty at the Purchase College Conservatory of Music.
 Despite only having released five CDs, the label has already garnered three Grammy nominations for Best Contemporary Folk Album, 2000 ("Public Domain"); Best Classical Vocal Performance, 2001; and Best Classical Keyboard Performance, 2002.
 Student work featured in the first release, "Public Domain", includes "Mockingbird" by Regina Spektor and "House of the Rising Sun" by Roxy Perry, both of whom have gone on to solo careers.
Blind Hearts is a 1921 American silent drama film produced by Hobart Bosworth who stars along with Madge Bellamy and Raymond McKee.
 This film was made prior to Bosworth's next film "The Sea Lion", a film now in Public Domain and out on DVD.
 "Blind Hearts" survives in a copy in the Library of Congress.
The Public Domain is a 2015 Drama film set in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 The film follows characters whose lives were impacted by the collapse of the I-35W Mississippi River bridge on August 1, 2007.
 The story takes place seven years later.
 It is centered on a bar in a Polish neighborhood named "The Public Domain".
 The time is around the feast of Saint Casimir (March 4.)
The Latin Library is a website that collects public domain Latin texts.
 The texts have been drawn from different sources.
 Many were originally scanned and formatted from texts in the Public Domain.
 Others have been downloaded from various sites on the Internet (many of which have long since disappeared).
 Most of the recent texts have been submitted by contributors around the world.
 The texts are not intended for research purposes nor as substitutes for critical editions.
 There are no translations at the site.
The Lonely Villa is a 1909 American short silent crime drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 The film stars David Miles, Marion Leonard and Mary Pickford in one of her first film roles.
 It is based on the 1901 French play "Au Telephone" ("At the Telephone") by André de Lorde.
 A print of "The Lonely Villa" survives and is currently in the public domain.
The legality of recording by civilians refers to laws regarding the recording of other persons and property by means of still photography, videography, and audio recording in various locations.
 In many places, it is common for the recording of public property, persons within the public domain, and of private property visible or audible from the public domain to be legal.
 However, laws have been passed restricting such activity in order to protect the privacy of others.
 To make matters even more complicated, the laws governing still photography may be vastly different from the laws governing any type of motion picture photography.
'Neath Brooklyn Bridge is a 1942 film released by Monogram Pictures.
 The film is the eleventh installment in the "East Side Kids" series and one of the more dramatic films of the series, released at a time when they were making lighter, more humorous fare.
 The film is now in public domain and can be downloaded legally from numerous public domain sites.
The Niles Canyon ghost story is the Northern California variation on the vanishing hitchhiker archetype.
 There are many different variations of this story depending on whom you ask.
 All stories include a girl being involved in some sort of motorized vehicle accident on February 26 (year often changed).
 One variation of the story includes a girl being involved in a car crash on Niles Canyon road (off the 680 freeway in Sunol, California) on the way to her prom.
 The girl died on impact and to this day is said to haunt Niles Canyon road every February 26.
 The tale of the haunting goes that people traveling along Niles Canyon road (now Highway 84) on the night of February 26 will see a normal-looking high school-aged girl walking along the road in a prom dress (many people have said it is white).
 People traveling along the road (mostly those traveling alone) have said to have stopped and offered the girl a ride.
 She accepts the ride, giving the driver an address across the bridge (either Dumbarton or Bay Bridge depending on the storyteller).
 Once the driver gets to the beginning of the bridge, the girl will disappear.
 Sometimes people have gone to the address to find that a girl many years ago matching that description once lived there.
 Today, many people will travel along this treacherous pitch black road in the hopes of catching a glimpse of the Niles Canyon ghost.
Meet John Doe is a 1941 American comedy drama film directed and produced by Frank Capra, and starring Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck.
 The film is about a "grassroots" political campaign created unwittingly by a newspaper columnist with the involvement of a hired homeless man and pursued by the paper's wealthy owner.
 It became a box office hit and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Story.
 It was ranked #49 in AFI's 100 Years... 100 Cheers.
 In 1969, the film entered the public domain (in the USA) due to the claimants' failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after release.
 It was the first of two features Capra made for Warner Brothers, after he left Columbia Pictures.
 His second film for Warners was an adaptation of the Broadway play "Arsenic and Old Lace" and was filmed in 1941 but not released until 1944 because the producers of the play wouldn't allow the film to be shown until the production closed.
