"Good Night" (also known as "Good Night Simpsons") is the first of forty-eight Simpsons shorts that appeared on the variety show "The Tracey Ullman Show".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 19, 1987, during the third episode of "The Tracey Ullman Show" and marks the first appearance of the Simpson family — Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie — on television.
 After three seasons on Tracey Ullman, the shorts would be adapted into the animated show "The Simpsons".
 "Good Night" has since been aired on the show in the episode "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" (in its entirety), along with several other Ullman shorts, and is one of the few shorts to ever be released on DVD, being included in the Season 1 DVD set.
Cy-Kill is the name of several fictional characters from the Gobots, Robo Machines and Transformers toy line and fiction.
 Introduced as a toy in 1983, he is leader of the Renegade Gobot faction and the main antagonist of the animated series, where he was voiced by Bernard Erhard.
 He was the main villain of the "Challenge of the Gobots" animated series, who later appeared in the Gobots feature film.
 After the Gobots properties were purchased by Hasbro he made an appearance in a Transformers story.
 Hasbro has also used the name Cy-Kill for supporting characters in Transformers fiction.
Pat et Stanley (English: Pat and Stan , Italian: "Pat e Stan" , Dutch: "Pat en Stan" , Danish: "Nik og Jan" , Serbian: Петко и Станко/Petko i Stanko ) is a French/American animated show that appears as part of the children's television programme "TFou" on the French network TF1.
 The show is animated by Mac Guff and created by Pierre Coffin, who would later on co-direct "Despicable Me" at the same studio via Illumination Entertainment.
The Kingdom of Equestria, or simply, Equestria, is the primary setting for Hasbro's animated show, "", and its feature film "".
 Keeping in mind, that Equestria is not on planet Earth, instead of English, it is mentioned that they call their language, "Ponyish".
 However, because Latin-English text is seen several times throughout the show, it is assumed that this is just simply, English, under a different name.
 It is presumed to be a federal constitutional principality, led by the five princesses and one prince of Equestria and a neighboring nation, the Crystal Empire.
 The nation was founded when the three pony tribes, unicorns, pegasi, and earth ponies, came together to in harmony, to fight the Wendigos, and to stop an eternal blizzard.
The Battle of the Colline Gate, fought on the Kalends of November, 82 BC, was the final battle of the second civil war between Lucius Cornelius Sulla and the Marians.
 Sulla won and secured control of Rome and Italy.
 Appian is the only source who provides details about the battle.
 Much of the war was fought in northern Italy.
 The Lucanians, the Samnites and the Gauls fought alongside the Marians.
 Following defection of the Gauls to the forces of Sulla and the defeat of some of his forces by Lucullus (one of Sulla's lieutenants) near Placentia (Piacenza), Carbo, the leader of the Marians, fled to Africa.
 His lieutenants, Gaius Carrinas, Gaius Marcius Censorinus and Damasippus tried to force their way though a pass controlled by Sulla's men with all their forces and with the Samnites.
 This failed and they marched on Rome.
 Sulla sent his cavalry ahead to hinder their march and went to Rome with his army.
 He encamped at the Colline Gate.
 The enemy was already encamped nearby.
 In the ensuing battle Sulla won on the right wing, but the left wing was defeated and fled to the gates pursued by the enemy.
 The soldiers guarding the gate dropped the portcullis (a heavy grating which can be lowered to block the gate) when they saw the rush to the gate, killing many soldiers and many senators.
 The rest of the Sullans turned and fought the enemy.
 The battle continued through the night.
 Gaius Carrinas, a Marian commander, and Pontius Telesinus, the Samnite commander, were killed and their camp was seized.
 Eventually, the enemy fled.
 The death toll was estimated at 50,000.
 There were 8,000 prisoners.
 They were shot down by darts because they were mostly Samnites.
 Marcius, Carrinas and Marcus Lamponius, the Lucanian, fled.
 Marcius and Carrinas were captured and brought in the next day.
 Sulla killed them.
 He sent his lieutenant, Lucretius, to show their heads before the walls of Praeneste (Palestrina), where Gaius Marius the Younger was besieged.
 Velleius Paterculus wrote that Sulla ordered the head of Telesinus to be carried around the walls of Praeneste fixed on top of a spear.
 He did not mention Marcius and Carrinas.
My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic is a children's animated fantasy television series developed by Lauren Faust for Hasbro.
 The series is based on Hasbro's My Little Pony line of toys and animated works and is often referred by collectors as the fourth generation ("G4") of the franchise.
 The series premiered on October 10, 2010, on The Hub cable channel.
 Hasbro selected animator Lauren Faust as the creative director and executive producer for the show.
 Faust sought to challenge the established nature of the existing My Little Pony line, creating more in-depth characters and adventurous settings; she left the series during season 2, to be replaced by Meghan McCarthy as showrunner.
Cory Doran (born February 7, 1982) is a Canadian voice actor and director who is known as the voice of Jimmy, the star of the animated show, "Jimmy Two-Shoes".
 He also voices the character Mike in the series "Total Drama".
 He took over for Lou Attia as the voice of Fungus in the second season of the Cartoon Network/YTV animated television series, Numb Chucks.
 He also provided the voice of Bummer in Cartoon Network/Teletoon series "Stoked" and Dabio in the "PBS Kids" animated series "Wild Kratts".
Inhumanoids is the title of an animated series and the name of a Hasbro toy property that were both released in 1986.
 In the tradition of other Hasbro properties such as "Transformers" and "G.I. Joe," the show was produced by Sunbow Entertainment and Marvel Productions and animated in Japan by Toei Animation.
 "Inhumanoids" tells the story of the scientist-hero group, Earth Corps, as they battle a trio of subterranean monsters called the Inhumanoids with the aid of elemental beings, the Mutores.
Launched in 1984, Hasbro's Transformers toyline was promoted through both a comic book by Marvel Comics and an animated series produced by Sunbow Productions and Marvel Productions.
 Although the comic outlived the animated series by a number of years, the animated series is more widely recognised.
 With the original show's conclusion in 1987, original series exclusive to Japan were created which ran until 1990, and the franchise was later re-imagined with the fully CGI "Beast Wars" in the late 1990s.
 The 21st century saw a total reboot of the Transformers universe (first being Takara's produced "Car Robots", imported and called for Western release as ""), as Hasbro collaborated with Japanese Transformers producers Takara to create a new storyline with "" and its sequels, produced in Japan and then dubbed for English-speaking audience.
 In 2008, "Transformers Animated" saw Hasbro take control of the franchise once more through collaboration with Cartoon Network, bringing writing duties back to America, with animation being handled by Japanese studios.
 Hasbro also reacquired the distribution rights to the original series from Sunbow finally giving them the complete rights to the series based on their Generation 1 toy-line.
This is a list of guest stars who appeared on "Futurama", an animated comedy created by Matt Groening.
 Like Groening's other animated show, "The Simpsons", "Futurama" features a large number of celebrity guests contributing their voices to the show, whether as themselves or as fictional characters.
 This list does not include those celebrities whose voices were impersonated.
 Due to the futuristic setting of the show the majority of the guest stars playing themselves are actually playing their own disembodied heads in a jar.
