The Stony Brook University Track is the track/field at Stony Brook University serving as the home of the Stony Brook Seawolves men's and women's Track & Field Division I program.
 The Track and Field is located in the west campus and limited to the east by the Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium, to the west by Circle Road, to the south by Stony Brook Sports Complex and the recreational basketball and handball courts, and limited to the north by the intramural baseball and soccer fields.
Chuck Priore is the current head coach of the Stony Brook Seawolves football team, which represents Stony Brook University in the NCAA, and participates in the Colonial Athletic Association.
 Priore was hired prior to the 2006 season and he led the transition of Stony Brook into a full-scholarship FCS program from the 2006 season in which the team awarded an equivalent 27 scholarships.
 In 2007, the team played as an independent while adding scholarships and a tougher schedule.
 In 2008, Stony Brook joined the Big South Conference as a full-scholarship program.
 Priore led the Seawolves to three consecutive Big South championships (in 2009, 2010, 2011) and so far has compiled a 37-31 record.
 Under the leadership of Priore the Seawolves played their first ever FBS opponent, South Florida, in the 2010 season.
 In 2011, Stony Brook won their first outright Big South Championship and participated for the first time in the FCS playoffs, advancing to the Second Round.
Joe Nathan Field is a baseball field on the campus of Stony Brook University in Stony Brook, New York, United States.
 It is also referred to as the Stony Brook Baseball Field.
 The field is home to the team of the NCAA Division I America East Conference.
 It is located at the northern end of the school's athletics complex.
 The facility was known as Seawolves Field through the 2002 season, when its name was changed to University Field.
 In 2011, the stadium was rededicated for then-Minnesota Twins pitcher and Stony Brook alumnus Joe Nathan after Nathan's $500,000 gift made extensive renovations possible.
 As part of the renovations, a FieldTurf surface was installed.
The Stony Brook University School of Medicine is the medical school of Stony Brook University.
 The school is located in the Stony Brook University Hospital located at Stony Brook, NY.
The State University of New York at Stony Brook (also known as Stony Brook University or SUNY Stony Brook) is a public sea-grant and space-grant research university located in Stony Brook, New York in the United States.
 It is part of the State University of New York (SUNY) system.
Stony Brook Sports Complex is a multi-purpose complex located in Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY.
 The Complex houses the Stony Brook Arena on the west end, the Pritchard Gymnasium, a 25 yard long swimming Pool, an athletic performance center and many other athletic facilities within.
 Currently, the Stony Brook Seawolves basketball and volleyball programs home games are played in the Complex, specifically in the Pritchard Gymnasium.
 The Stony Brook Arena on the west end is currently undergoing $20 million renovation.
 During this renovation period, the Pritchard Gymnasium will be used to host the basketball and volleyball games.
Island Federal Credit Union Arena, formerly the Stony Brook University Arena, is 4,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Stony Brook, New York.
 It is the home of the Stony Brook Seawolves men's and women's basketball teams.
 Originally built in 1990, it underwent a $21.1 million renovation in 2012–14.
 Naming rights were sold to a regional credit union, Island Federal Credit Union.
 The 2012 America East Championship Game between Stony Brook and Vermont was played at the arena.
 It contains four scoreboards and two videoboards, plus four luxury suites with 16 seats each.
 It is also used for concerts, trade shows, conventions, graduations and other special events.
Pritchard Gymnasium is a 2,000-seat multi-purpose gymnasium located within the Stony Brook Sports Complex in Stony Brook, New York.
 The gym opened in 1969 and was the home of the Stony Brook University Patriots/Seawolves basketball and volleyball teams, as well as the venue for a multitude of concerts, including big names such as Janice Joplin with Big Brother and the Holding Company.
 The Island Federal Credit Union Arena completed its renovation project in 2014.
 It also served as the only home of the Seawolves prior to the IFCU Arena's opening in 1990.
 Pritcard gymnasium was renovated in the summer of 2008 and reopened in time for the 2009 Stony Brook Women's Volleyball season.
 The new gym features a refinished hardwood floor with a painting of Wolfie, a new large scoreboard, and retractable bleachers.
The State University of New York at Stony Brook is the largest residential campus in the SUNY system, with approximately 54.5% of its students living on campus.
 Housing at Stony Brook is issued and controlled by Stony Brook University Campus Residences, which provides 9,445 spaces in its 11 corridor style buildings, 17 suite style buildings, and 23 apartment style buildings to Undergraduate students, Graduate students, and student's families.
 The large majority of on-campus housing is provided to students on the university's west campus, but housing is available to those on east campus, and for Stony Brook Southampton students.
Stony Brook University Hospital, previously known as Stony Brook University Medical Center, is the university hospital of Stony Brook University located in the East Campus in Stony Brook, New York.
 It is the largest academic medical center on Long Island with 603 beds for patient care.
 The hospital houses the Stony Brook University School of Medicine.
 Long Island's only tertiary care and Level 1 Trauma Center, the hospital is ranked as the 20th best in New York and 21st in the New York metropolitan area by U.S. News and World Report
