The Brotherhood of the Cross and Star (BCS) is a religious organisation and was founded in 1956 by Leader Olumba Olumba Obu, in Calabar, Cross River State, Nigeria.
 It differs from mainstream Christianity in that it maintains that its founder, Olumba Olumba Obu, is the Holy Spirit personified, thus giving him the attributes of both God and Jesus Christ.
 BCS incorporates into Christian teaching ideas of reincarnation and traditional African religions.
 In the 1990s it was a millenarian religion.
Christianity is the dominant religion in Lesotho, with an approximately 90 percent of the population being Christian belonging to different denominations.
 The CIA Factbook estimates that Christians constitute about 80% of the nearly 2 million population of Lesotho.
 The non-Christian people primarily subscribe to traditional African religions, with an insignificant (< 0.2%) minor presence of Islam, Judaism and Asian religions.
Kongo or Kikongo is one of the Bantu languages and is spoken by the Kongo and Ndundu people living in the tropical forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo and Angola.
 It is a tonal language.
 It was spoken by many of those who were taken from the region and sold as slaves in the Americas.
 For this reason, while Kongo still is spoken in the above-mentioned countries, creolized forms of the language are found in ritual speech of Afro-American religions, especially in Brazil, Cuba, and Haiti.
 It is also one of the sources of the Gullah language and the Palenquero creole in Colombia.
 The vast majority of present-day speakers live in Africa.
 There are roughly seven million native speakers of Kongo, with perhaps two million more who use it as a second language.
Afro-American religions (also known as African diasporic religions or New World traditions) are a number of related religions that developed in the Americas in various nations of Latin America, the Caribbean, and the southern United States.
 They derive from traditional African religions of Africa with some influence from Christianity.
West Africa, also called Western Africa and the West of Africa, is the westernmost subregion of Africa.
 West Africa has been defined as including 18 countries: Benin, Burkina Faso, the island nation of Cape Verde, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, the island of Saint Helena, Senegal, Sierra Leone, São Tomé and Príncipe and Togo.
 The population of West Africa is estimated at about /1e6 round 0 million people as of .
 Islam is the predominant religion of 70% of the population, with smaller amounts practicing Christianity and Traditional African religions.
Traditional African religions have faced persecution from the proponents of different ideologies.
 Adherents of these religions have been forcefully converted to Islam and Christianity, demonized and marginalized.
 The atrocities include killings, waging war, destroying and sacred places, and other atrocious actions.
The traditional Berber religion is the ancient and native set of beliefs and deities adhered to by the Berber autochthones of North Africa.
 Many ancient Berber beliefs were developed locally whereas others were influenced over time through contact with other traditional African religions (such as the Ancient Egyptian religion), or borrowed during antiquity from the Punic religion, Judaism, Iberian mythology, and the Hellenistic religion.
 The most recent influence came from Islam and pre-Islamic Arab religion during the medieval period.
 Some of the ancient Berber beliefs still exist today subtly within the Berber popular culture and tradition.
Religion in Africa is multifaceted and has been a major influence on art, culture and philosophy.
 Today, the continent's various populations and individuals are mostly adherents of Christianity, Islam, and to a lesser extent several Traditional African religions.
 In Christian or Islamic communities, religious beliefs are also sometimes characterized with syncretism with the beliefs and practices of traditional religions.
Patrick N'Guema N'Dong (born 1957, in Royat, France) is a Franco-Gabonese journalist on Gabon's Africa N°1 radio station (link) (created in 1981), which is transmitted through French Africa and France.
 He is known for his two programs devoted to the occult sciences, parapsychology, and traditional African religions.
Traditional African religions have shared notable relationships with other religions, cultures, and traditions.
