The Wenceslas Bible (German: "Wenzelsbibel" ) or the Bible of Wenceslaus IV (Czech: "Bible Václava IV." )
 is a multi-volume illuminated biblical manuscript written in the German language.
 The manuscript was commissioned by the King Wenceslaus IV of Bohemia (that time also the King of the Romans) and made in Prague in the 1390s.
 The Wenceslas Bible is unique and very precious not only because of its text, which is one of the earliest German translations of the Bible, but also because of its splendid illuminations.
 This oldest German deluxe Bible manuscript remained uncompleted.
Bengali ( ), also known by its endonym Bangla ( ; বাংলা ] ), is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in the Indian Subcontinent.
 It is the national and official language of the People's Republic of Bangladesh, and the official language of some eastern and north-eastern states of the Republic of India, including West Bengal, Tripura, Assam (Barak Valley) and Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
 It is also one of the 22 scheduled languages of India.
 With 205 million speakers, Bengali is the seventh most spoken native language in the world by population.
 Dictionaries from the early 20th century attributed slightly more than half of the Bengali vocabulary to native words (i.e., naturally modified Sanskrit words, corrupted forms of Sanskrit words, and loanwords from non-Indo-European languages), about 30 percent to unmodified Sanskrit words, and the remainder to foreign words.
 Dominant in the last group was Persian, which was also the source of some grammatical forms.
 More recent studies suggest that the use of native and foreign words has been increasing, mainly because of the preference of Bengali speakers for the colloquial style.
 Today, Bengali is the primary language spoken in Bangladesh and the second most widely spoken language in India.
Friso is a legendary king of the Frisians who is said to have ruled around 300 BC.
 According to Martinus Hamconius in his 17th century chronicle "Frisia seu de viris rebusque illustribus", and also the 19th century Oera Linda Book, Friso was a leader of a group of Frisian colonists who had been settled in the Punjab for well over a millennium when they were discovered by Alexander the Great.
 Taking service with Alexander, Friso and the colonists eventually found their way back to their ancestral homeland of Frisia, where Friso founded a dynasty of kings.
The Red Book of Hergest (Welsh: Llyfr Coch Hergest , Jesus College, Oxford, MS 111) is a large vellum manuscript written shortly after 1382, which ranks as one of the most important medieval manuscripts written in the Welsh language.
 It preserves a collection of Welsh prose and poetry, notably the tales of the "Mabinogion" and Gogynfeirdd poetry.
 The manuscript derives its name from the colour of its leather binding and from its association with Hergest Court between the late 15th and early 17th century.
The culture of the Faroe Islands has its roots in the Nordic culture.
 The Faroe Islands were long isolated from the main cultural phases and movements that swept across parts of Europe.
 This means that they have maintained a great part of their traditional culture.
 The language spoken is Faroese.
 It is one of three insular Scandinavian languages descended from the Old Norse language spoken in Scandinavia in the Viking Age, the others being Icelandic and the extinct Norn, which is thought to have been mutually intelligible with Faroese.
 Until the 15th century, Faroese had a similar orthography to Icelandic and Norwegian, but after the Reformation in 1538, the ruling Danes outlawed its use in schools, churches and official documents.
 This maintained a rich spoken tradition, but for 300 years the language was not written down.
 This means that all poems and stories were handed down orally.
 These works were split into the following divisions: "sagnir" (historical), "ævintyr" (stories) and "kvæði" (ballads), often set to music and the mediaeval chain dance.
 These were eventually written down in the 19th century mostly by Danish scholars.
The Marquesado del Valle Codex is a manuscript written in the Nahuatl language on amate paper, by indigenous writers (tlacuilos) during second half of the 16th century.
 It contains 28 petitions by landowners from the Marquesado del Valle area of Mexico, located in today's states of Morelos, Puebla, Oaxaca, and Mexico, requesting return of their lands.
 The lands and sugar mills of this region were seized by explorer Hernán Cortés when he became the first marquess.
 The manuscript, which consists of Nahuatl language text, glyphs, and maps, provides detailed information about local land ownership, agriculture, leaders, and place names.
 It is held by the Archivo General de la Nación de México.
Romano-Greek (also referred to as Hellenoromani; ) is a nearly extinct mixed language (referred to as Para-Romani in Romani linguistics), spoken by the Romani people in Greece that arose from language contact between Romani speaking people and the Greek language.
 The language is expected to be a secret language spoken in Thessaly and Central Greece Administrative Unit.
 Typologically the language is structured on Greek with heavy lexical borrowing from Romani.
 Related variants of this language are Dortika.
 Dortika is a secret language spoken mainly in Athens by traveling builders from Eurytania Prefecture.
 In both cases, the languages are most likely not native to their speakers.
The Ch'olti' language is an extinct Mayan language which was spoken by the Manche Ch'ol people of eastern Guatemala and southern Belize.
 The post-colonial stage of the language is only known from a single manuscript written between 1685 and 1695 which was first studied by Daniel Garrison Brinton.
 Ch'olti' belongs to the Cho'lan branch of the Mayan languages and is closely related to Chontal and especially Ch'orti'.
 The Ch'olti' language has become of particular interest for the study of Mayan Hieroglyphs since it seems that most of the glyphic texts are written in an ancient variety of Ch'olti' called Classic Ch'olti'an or Classic Maya by epigraphers and which is thought to have been spoken as a prestige dialect throughout the Maya area in the Classic Era.
The Oera Linda Book is a manuscript written in a form of Old Frisian, purporting to cover historical, mythological, and religious themes of remote antiquity, from 2194 BCE to 803 CE.
 Among academics in Germanic philology, the document is widely considered to be a hoax or forgery.
The Ida'an (also Idahan) language is a Malayo-Polynesian language spoken by the Ida'an people of Sabah, Malaysia.
 The language has a long literary history, the first known writing in Idahan language was a manuscript dated 1408 A.D.
 The Jawi manuscript gives an account of an Ida'an man named Abdullah in Darvel Bay who embraced Islam and became one of the earliest known regions in Malaysia to embraced Islam.
