A parallel universe is a hypothetical self-contained reality co-existing with one's own.
 A specific group of parallel universes are called a "multiverse", although this term can also be used to describe the possible parallel universes that constitute reality.
 While the terms "parallel universe" and "alternative reality" are generally synonymous and can be used interchangeably in most cases, there is sometimes an additional connotation implied with the term "alternative reality" that implies that the reality is a variant of our own.
 The term "parallel universe" is more general, without any connotations implying a relationship, or lack of relationship, with our own universe.
 A universe where the very laws of nature are different – for example, one in which there are no Laws of Motion – would in general count as a parallel universe but not an alternative reality and a concept between both fantasy world and earth.
The Book of Dust is a forthcoming trilogy of fantasy novels by Philip Pullman.
 It is a companion trilogy to the "His Dark Materials" trilogy.
 The first book is set 10 years before "Northern Lights" and centres on Lyra Belacqua, one of the protagonists of the original trilogy.
 Alethiometers, dæmons and the Magisterium also return, alongside new characters, including a new hero.
"Subject 13" is the 15th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series "Fringe", and the 58th episode overall.
 Inspired by fan reaction to the show's previous flashback episode, "Peter", "Subject 13" occurs 25 years before the show's current timeline, in 1985 a few months after "Peter".
 The episode, with scenes set in both the prime and the parallel universe, explore Walter and Elizabeth Bishop's attempts to return Peter to the parallel universe using the Cortexiphan-induced abilities of young Olivia Dunham, while Walternate in the parallel universe struggles to deal with the kidnapping of his son.
His Dark Materials is an epic trilogy of fantasy novels by Philip Pullman consisting of "Northern Lights" (1995, published as "The Golden Compass" in North America), "The Subtle Knife" (1997), and "The Amber Spyglass" (2000).
 It follows the coming of age of two children, Lyra Belacqua and Will Parry, as they wander through a series of parallel universes.
 The three novels have won a number of awards, most notably the 2001 Whitbread Book of the Year prize, won by "The Amber Spyglass".
 "Northern Lights" won the Carnegie Medal for children's fiction in the UK in 1995.
 The trilogy took third place in the BBC's Big Read poll in 2003.
Northern Lights (known as The Golden Compass in North America and some other countries) is a young-adult fantasy novel by Philip Pullman, published by Scholastic UK in 1995.
 Set in a parallel universe, it features the journey of Lyra Belacqua to the Arctic in search of her missing friend, Roger Parslow, and her imprisoned uncle, Lord Asriel, who has been conducting experiments with a mysterious substance known as "Dust".
The Subtle Knife, the second book in the "His Dark Materials" series, is a young-adult fantasy novel written by Philip Pullman and published in 1997.
 The novel continues the adventures of Lyra Belacqua as she investigates the mysterious Dust phenomenon and searches for her father.
 Will Parry is introduced as a companion to Lyra, and together they explore the new realms to which they have both been introduced.
Lyra Belacqua , also known as Lyra Silvertongue, is the heroine of Philip Pullman's "His Dark Materials" trilogy.
 Lyra is a young girl who inhabits a universe parallel to our own.
 Brought up in the cloistered world of Jordan College, Oxford, she finds herself embroiled in a cosmic war between Lord Asriel on the one side, and the first angel to come into being, called The Authority, and his Regent, called Metatron, on the other.
Lyra's Oxford is a short book by Philip Pullman depicting an episode involving the heroine of "His Dark Materials", Pullman's best-selling trilogy.
 "Lyra's Oxford" is set when Lyra Belacqua is 15, two years after the end of the trilogy.
William Parry is one of the protagonists in Philip Pullman's trilogy "His Dark Materials", along with Lyra Belacqua.
 He first appears in the series at the start of the second novel, "The Subtle Knife", and continues through to the final book, "The Amber Spyglass".
 Introduced as a 12-year-old boy, he meets and befriends Lyra in the world of Cittàgazze and teams up with her in order to uncover the mysteries of Dust and the disappearance of his own father many years previously.
 He later takes possession of the Subtle Knife which he uses to aid Lord Asriel in his bid to destroy the Authority.
"Lyra" is a song written, produced, and performed by British recording artist Kate Bush, from the 2007 soundtrack album "The Golden Compass" from the film of the same name.
 It is used in the closing credits of the film.
 Bush was commissioned to write the song, with the request that it make reference to the lead character, Lyra Belacqua.
