Cody Votolato (born May 20, 1982) is a musician from Redmond, Washington, best known for being the guitarist in the post-hardcore band The Blood Brothers.
 He grew up in the eastside suburbs of Seattle.
 Cody attended Redmond High School with his bandmates in the late 1990s when the band originally formed, graduating Spring of 2000.
 His accomplished thrashy and discordant style, exhibited in early Blood Brothers albums and in Head Wound City, has evolved into a more melodic and experimental sound in recent years .
 Votolato's older brother Rocky Votolato is a folk musician and solo artist who played in the band Waxwing with his brother, as well as with Rudy Gajadhar, the older brother of The Blood Brothers' drummer Mark Gajadhar.
 Votolato also contributed artwork to The Blood Brothers' album "...Burn, Piano Island, Burn".
 On September 4, 2012, it was announced that Cody has joined Cold Cave as touring guitarist.
Los Debutantes is a 2003 Chilean film directed by Andres Waissbluth and starring Antonella Rios and Alejandro Trejo.
 It tells the story of two brothers from a small town, played by Nestor Castillana and Juan Pablo Miranda, who move to Santiago and visit a nightclub to celebrate the younger brother's 17th birthday.
 The older brother is subsequently offered a job by the club owner Don Pascual (played by Alejandro Trejo), and both brothers become friendly with Gracia, a dancer at the club who has dreams of becoming a singer (played by Antonella Rios).
 The story is told in Rashomon style from three different perspectives: firstly from the perspective of the younger brother, secondly from the perspective of the older brother, and finally from the perspective of Gracia.
 The film was the Chilean submission for the 76th Academy Awards in the category Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film which took place in 2004, but was not one of the five nominated films.
 It was also nominated for the Goya Awards.
 The film was released on DVD in the UK in 2005, and received a mildly critical review in Time Out.
John Michael McDonagh is a screenwriter and film director with British and Irish nationality.
 He wrote and directed "The Guard" (2011) and "Calvary" (2014), both films starring Brendan Gleeson, receiving a BAFTA Award nomination for the former.
 He was born in London in 1967.
 He is the older brother of playwright and filmmaker Martin McDonagh.
Carlos Hasselbaink (born December 13, 1968 in Paramaribo, Suriname) is a former Dutch football (soccer) player.
 He played as a striker for several Dutch clubs, including AZ Alkmaar, Telstar, VVV-Venlo, FC Utrecht and HFC Haarlem, before retiring in 2005.
 He is the older brother of former Chelsea and Middlesbrough striker Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink.
Christopher Kennedy Masterson (born January 22, 1980) is an American actor and disc jockey known best for his role as Francis on "Malcolm in the Middle".
 He is the younger brother of "That '70s Show" cast member Danny Masterson, older brother of "The Walking Dead" cast member Alanna Masterson, and older brother of "Last Man Standing" cast member Jordan Masterson.
Infante Carlos of Spain (29 March 178810 March 1855) was an Infante of Spain and the second surviving son of King Charles IV of Spain and of his wife, Maria Luisa of Parma.
 As Carlos V, he was the first of the Carlist claimants to the throne of Spain.
 He is often referred to simply as 'Don Carlos'.
 He was a reactionary who was angry with liberalism in Spain and the assaults on the Catholic Church.
 He claimed the throne of Spain after the death of his older brother King Ferdinand VII in 1833.
 His claim was contested by liberal forces loyal to the dead king's infant daughter.
 The result was the bloody First Carlist War (1833–40).
 Don Carlos had support from Basque provinces and much of Catalonia, but it was not enough, and he lost the war and never became king.
 His heirs continued the arch-conservative cause, fought two more "Carlist" wars and were active into the mid-20th century, but never obtained the throne.
Emil Leeb (17 June 1881 – 8 September 1969) was a Bavarian-German general who saw active service during both World Wars.
 His older brother, who became Field Marshal Wilhelm Ritter von Leeb, had the knightly rank of "Ritter" and the nobiliary particle of "von", not by birth, but thanks to the conferment of the Bavarian Military Order of Max Joseph and a patent of nobility.
 Hence, the older brother had “von” between his names, but the younger brother did not.
Józef Mackiewicz (April 1, 1902 – January 31, 1985) was a Polish writer, novelist and political commentator; best known for his documentary novels "Nie trzeba głośno mówić" (One Is Not Supposed to Speak Aloud), and "Droga donikąd" (The Road to Nowhere).
 He staunchly opposed communism, referring to himself as an "anticommunist by nationality".
 Mackiewicz died in exile.
 His older brother Stanisław Mackiewicz was also a writer.
Thomas Fane, 6th Earl of Westmorland {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (3 October 1681 – 4 June 1736), styled The Honourable Thomas Fane from 1691 to 1699, was a British peer and member of the House of Lords.
 He was the third son (second surviving son) of Vere Fane, 4th Earl of Westmorland and his wife Rachel Bence; as well as the younger brother of Vere Fane, and the older brother of John Fane, 7th Earl of Westmorland.
 As his older brother Vere died without issue in 1699, Thomas Fane inherited the Earldom of Westmorland, as well as his brother's further titles Baron Burghersh and Lord le Despencer.
Lucien Lazaridès (Athens, Greece, 30 December 1922 — Cannes, 19 July 2005) was a French professional road bicycle racer.
 Lazaridès was born with Greek nationality but became French in 1929.
 Lucien Lazaridès was an older brother of cyclist Apo Lazaridès.
 Lazaridès won the Dauphiné Libéré in 1949 and reached the podium of the Tour de France in 1951.
 Later in his career he won two Tour de France stages.
