Suicide Kings is a 1997 American mystery crime film based on Don Stanford's short story "The Hostage" and directed by Peter O'Fallon.
 It stars Christopher Walken, Denis Leary, Sean Patrick Flanery, Johnny Galecki, Jay Mohr, Jeremy Sisto and Henry Thomas.
 The film follows the group of criminals who kidnap a respected Mafia figure.
 It has a 34% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes and grossed $1.7 million in the US.
Herbert Brean (10 December 1907 – May 7, 1973) was an American journalist and crime fiction writer, best known for his recurring series characters William Deacon and Reynold Frame.
 He was a director and former executive vice president of the Mystery Writers of America, a group for which he also taught a class in mystery writing.
 Aside from his seven mystery crime novels, he also published non-fiction books and articles, and mystery magazine short stories.
 Alfred Hitchcock used "A Case of Identity" (1953), one of Brean's many articles for "Life", as the basis for Hitchcock's film "The Wrong Man" (1957).
Grief Street is a 1931 American Pre-Code mystery crime film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Barbara Kent and John Holland.
 It was produced and distributed by the Chesterfield Motion Pictures Corporation.
Morgan's Ferry is a 2001 American crime drama film starring Billy Zane, Henry Rollins, Kelly McGillis, Roscoe Lee Browne, Johnny Galecki, Muse Watson and directed by Sam Pillsbury.
Kingston: Confidential is an American mystery crime drama that aired on NBC for 13 episodes during the spring of 1977, following the success of a 1976 made-for-TV movie entitled "Kingston".
 The series was produced by R.B. Productions, Inc. and Groverton Productions, Inc. in association with Universal Television.
Mystic River is a 2003 American mystery crime drama film directed and scored by Clint Eastwood.
 It stars Sean Penn, Tim Robbins, Kevin Bacon, Laurence Fishburne, Marcia Gay Harden, and Laura Linney.
 The screenplay by Brian Helgeland was based on the novel "Mystic River" by Dennis Lehane.
 The film was produced by Robert Lorenz, Judie G. Hoyt and Eastwood.
 It is the first film on which Eastwood was credited as composer of the score.
The Renegades is an American mystery crime drama series about a street gang that becomes a special police undercover unit in order to avoid jail time.
 The show starred Patrick Swayze as "Bandit", the leader of the gang.
The Law & Harry McGraw is an American mystery crime drama series and a spin-off of "Murder, She Wrote" that aired on CBS from September 27, 1987 to February 10, 1988.
Penny is a fictional character on the American CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory", portrayed by actress Kaley Cuoco.
 She is the primary female character in the series, befriending her across-the-hall neighbors Leonard Hofstadter (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons), two physicists who work at the nearby California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
 Penny's lack of advanced education, but outgoing personality and common sense drastically contrast with the personalities of the primary male characters in the series, even though she is considered part of their group.
 She is the love interest of Leonard, with whom she maintains a brief romantic relationship during the third season, which is later resumed in the fifth season and culminates in an engagement at the end of the seventh season and a wedding at the start of season 9.
 Penny is the only main character of the show whose last name has not been revealed, although she has been occasionally referred to or addressed with the last name Hofstadter since her wedding.
The Mystery of the Yellow Room is a 1919 American crime drama film made by the Mayflower Photoplay Company and distributed through Realart Pictures Corporation.
 Emile Chautard was a French actor, director, and producer.
 Chautard was 55 years old when "The Mystery of the Yellow Room" was released in 1919.
 "The Mystery of the Yellow Room" (in French "Le mystère de la chambre jaune") was first a novel by Gaston Leroux.
 The novel was one of the first locked room mystery crime fiction novels.
 It was first published in France in the periodical "L'Illustration" from September 1907 to November 1907, then in its own right as a book in 1908.
