Richard Heinrich Ludwig Münch (10 January 1916 – 6 June 1987), better known as Richard Münch, was a German actor, best known for portraying Alfred Jodl in "Patton" (1970).
 He also portrayed General Erich Marcks in "The Longest Day" (1962).
Johannes "Macky" Steinhoff (15 September 1913 – 21 February 1994) was a German general, NATO official and Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II.
 He joined the West German government's Rearmament Office as a consultant on military aviation in 1952 and became one of the principal officials tasked with building the German Air Force during the Cold War.
 He became the German Military Representative to the NATO Military Committee in 1960, served as Acting Commander Allied Air Forces Central Europe in NATO 1965–1966, as Inspector of the Air Force 1966–1970 and as Chairman of the NATO Military Committee 1971–1974.
 In retirement, Steinhoff became a widely read author of books on German military aviation during the Second World War and the experiences of the German people at that time.
Donald Shebib (born 17 January 1938, Toronto), often called Don Shebib, is a Canadian film director, writer, producer and editor.
 A graduate of UCLA film school, Shebib gained prominence and critical acclaim in Canadian cinema for his seminal 1970 movie "Goin' Down the Road", which combined narrative storytelling with Canadian documentary tradition influenced by the British.
 The low-budget film crew travelled around Toronto in a station wagon, supported by funding from the newly-formed Canadian Film Development Corporation.
 The movie was screened in New York and hailed by Pauline Kael and Roger Ebert.
 Kael wrote that the movie showed up the ostensibly forced sincerity and perceived honesty of the films of John Cassavetes.
 Shebib is the father of Noah "40" Shebib.
 Goin' Down the Road was digitally remastered as one of the key films in the Canadian film canon and was honoured with a screening at the Art Gallery of Ontario.
 A sequel was shot in 2011, called "Goin' Down the Road Again," featuring some of the original cast members as well as a new generation of characters.
The M48 Patton is a main battle tank (MBT) that was designed in the United States.
 It was the third tank to be officially named after General George S. Patton, commander of the U.S. Third Army during World War II and one of the earliest American advocates for the use of tanks in battle.
 It was a further development of the M47 Patton tank.
 The M48 Patton was in U.S. service until replaced by the M60 and served as the U.S. Army and Marine Corps's primary battle tank in South Vietnam during the Vietnam War.
 It was widely used by U.S. Cold War allies, especially other NATO countries.
Ludwig August Theodor Beck (29 June 1880 – 21 July 1944) was a German general and Chief of the German General Staff during the early years of the Nazi regime in Germany before World War II.
 Ludwig Beck was never a member of the Nazi Party, though in the early 1930s he supported Adolf Hitler's forceful denunciation of the Versailles Treaty and belief in the need for Germany to rearm.
 Beck had grave misgivings regarding the Nazi demand that all German officers swear an oath of fealty to the person of Hitler in 1934, though he believed that Germany needed strong government and that Hitler could successfully provide this so long as he was influenced by traditional elements within the military rather than the SA and SS.
Dorian Gray (Italian: "Il dio chiamato Dorian") aka "The Sins of Dorian Gray" is a 1970 movie adaptation of Oscar Wilde's novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray" starring Helmut Berger.
 The Italian title translates as "A God Called Dorian".
Richard Münch (born 13 May 1945 in Niefern near Pforzheim, Germany) is a German sociologist and, as of 2013, professor emeritus at the University of Bamberg.
 His primary field is sociological theory, in particular the work of Talcott Parsons.
 In the 1980s, he was instrumental in popularizing Parsons in Germany and defended his functionalist "grand theory" of action against competing approaches, such as rational choice and Niklas Luhmann's systems theory, which had been gaining ground since the 1970s.
The Last Days of Patton is a 1986 made-for-television film sequel to the 1970 film "Patton", which portrays the last few months of the general's life.
 George C. Scott reprises the role of General George S. Patton, and Eva Marie Saint portrays Beatrice Patton, the general's wife.
 It was directed by Delbert Mann.
"From Denver to L.A." is a song sung by Elton John, appearing on the soundtrack of the 1970 movie, "The Games".
 The song was released as a single in the U.S. in July 1970, miscredited on the record label to "Elton Johns".
 The single was issued just as John's career was starting to take off, but was quickly withdrawn because both John and his then-current record company objected to its release.
 It is now an extremely rare collectors' item.
Wilhelm Emanuel Burgdorf (15 February 1895 – 2 May 1945) was a German general in the Wehrmacht during World War II, who served as a commander and staff officer in the German Army (Wehrmacht) (army).
 In October 1944, Burgdorf assumed the role of the Chief of the Army Personnel Office ("Heerespersonalamt") and Chief Adjutant to Adolf Hitler.
 In this capacity, he played a role in the forced suicide of Field Marshal Erwin Rommel.
 Burgdorf committed suicide in the "Führerbunker" on 2 May 1945 at the conclusion of the Battle of Berlin.
