James Anthony Sturgess (born 16 May 1981) is an English actor and singer-songwriter.
 His breakthrough role was appearing as Jude in the musical romance drama film "Across the Universe" (2007).
 In 2008, he played the male lead role of Ben Campbell in "21".
 In 2009, he played Gavin Kossef in the crime drama "Crossing Over", appearing with Harrison Ford, Ray Liotta and Ashley Judd.
 In 2010, Sturgess starred in the film, "The Way Back", directed by Peter Weir.
 Sturgess co-starred in the epic science fiction film "Cloud Atlas", which began filming in September 2011 and was released in October 2012.
A breakthrough role, also known as breakout role, is a term in the film industry to describe the performance of an actor or actress in a film or television show which contributed significantly to the development of their career and beginning of critical recognition.
 Such a moment in an actor's career may often occur some time after they begin acting as their roles become more substantial.
 Often a breakthrough role is a significant increase in importance in the actor's part in the film moving up from a minor character or extra to one of the leading cast, or a "high impact" role in a film which has mainstream success and results in the widespread recognition or popularity of the actor.
 Martin Shingler defines a breakthrough performance as one which "attracts the attention of film critics, or receives rave reviews and is subsequently nominated for a major film award."
Daniel John "Danny" Dyer (born 24 July 1977) is an English actor who has worked in television, film and theatre.
 Dyer's breakthrough role was as Moff in "Human Traffic", with other notable roles as Billy the Limpet in "Mean Machine", and as Tommy Johnson in "The Football Factory".
 Following the success of "The Football Factory", Dyer was often typecast in "hard-man" roles, although it was this image that allowed him to present "The Real Football Factories", its spin-off, "The Real Football Factories International" and "Danny Dyer's Deadliest Men".
 Dyer has also worked in theatre, having appeared in three plays written by Harold Pinter, with whom he had a close friendship.
Hugh John Mungo Grant (born 9 September 1960) is an English actor and film producer.
 Grant has received a Golden Globe, a BAFTA, and an Honorary César for his work.
 His films have earned more than US$2.4 billion from 25 theatrical releases worldwide.
 Grant first received attention after earning the Volpi Cup for his performance in James Ivory's "Maurice" (1987) but achieved international success after appearing in the Richard Curtis-scripted "Four Weddings and a Funeral" (1994).
 Grant used this breakthrough role as a frequent cinematic persona during the 1990s, delivering comic performances in films such as "Mickey Blue Eyes" (1999) and "Notting Hill" (1999).
 One of the best known figures in 1990s British popular culture, Grant was in a high-profile relationship with Elizabeth Hurley, which was the focus of much attention in the British and international media.
Thomas Stanley Holland (born 1 June 1996) is an English actor and dancer.
 His breakthrough role was Spider-Man in "" (2016), followed by "" (2017), as part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
 He previously appeared on stage in the title role of "Billy Elliot the Musical" in London's West End, and in the films "The Impossible" (2012) and "In the Heart of the Sea" (2015).
 Holland received the BAFTA Rising Star Award in 2017.
The New Adventures of Beans Baxter is an adventure/comedy television series that aired in 1987 and 1988 on the Fox television network.
 It was created by Savage Steve Holland, who also wrote and directed most of the 17 episodes that were actually produced and aired.
 The title character was acted out by Jonathan Ward, who won a "Best Young Actor Starring in a New Television Comedy Series" Young Artist Award for the role.
 The lead role of Beans Baxter was originally offered to David Spade, and he regretted turning it down, per advice of his agents.
Daniel Caltagirone (born 18 June 1972) is an English actor.
 Best known for his roles in "The Beach", "", and the Oscar-winning movie "The Pianist".
 His breakthrough role came in the television series "Lock Stock", where he played series lead Moon.
Baazigar (English: "Gambler" ) is a 1993 Indian crime thriller film directed by Abbas–Mustan starring Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol in the lead roles.
 It is a contemporary thriller about a young man who stops at nothing to get what he wants.
 This was Shah Rukh Khan's breakthrough role as the sole lead and Kajol's first commercial success.
 Actress Shilpa Shetty was supposed to debut with "Gaata Rahe Mera Dil", however, it remained unreleased and this became her debut movie.
 "Baazigar" was the first film in which Shah Rukh Khan played the role of an anti-hero and the first which earned Khan a Filmfare Award for Best Actor.
 Initially this movie was offered to Armaan Kohli and Salman Khan to play the lead role, but they all rejected it as the role had negative shades .
Matthew William Goode (born 3 April 1978) is an English actor.
 He made his screen debut in 2002 with ABC's TV movie feature "Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister".
 His breakthrough role was in romantic comedy "Chasing Liberty" (2004), for which he received a nomination at Teen Choice Awards.
 He then appeared in supporting roles in Woody Allen's "Match Point" (2005), the German-British romantic comedy "Imagine Me and You" (2006), the period drama "Copying Beethoven" (2006).
 He gained praise for his performance as an aspiring artist in Julian Jarrold's drama "Brideshead Revisited" (2008) and as Ozymandias in the American neo-noir-superhero film "Watchmen" (2009), based on DC Comics' limited series of the same name.
 He then starred in romantic comedy "Leap Year" (2010) and Australian drama "Burning Man" (2011), the latter earning him a nomination for Best Actor at the Film Critics Circle of Australia Awards.
Paul Reynolds (born 6 February 1970, Wanstead, London) is an English actor.
 He attended the Sylvia Young Theatre School.
 His breakthrough role in TV came playing Thatcherite Colin Mathews in the BAFTA Award-winning Channel 4 series "Press Gang".
 His career continued with the roles of Kevin in "the Ghostbusters of East Finchley" and Sammy Dobbs, the unscrupulous sports agent in Andy Hamilton's "Trevor's World of Sport".
