Royal Flash is a 1975 film based on George MacDonald Fraser's second Flashman novel, "Royal Flash".
 It stars Malcolm McDowell as Flashman.
 Additionally, Oliver Reed appeared in the role of Otto von Bismarck, Alan Bates as Rudi von Sternberg, and Florinda Bolkan played Lola Montez.
 Fraser wrote the screenplay and the film was directed by Richard Lester.
Sir Harry Paget Flashman is a fictional character created by Thomas Hughes (1822–1896) in a semi-autobiographical "Tom Brown's School Days" (1857) and later developed by George MacDonald Fraser (1925–2008).
 Harry Flashman appears in a series of 12 of Fraser's books, collectively known as "The Flashman Papers", with covers illustrated by Arthur Barbosa.
 Flashman was played by Malcolm McDowell in the Richard Lester 1975 film "Royal Flash".
Nicholas McGaughey is a Welsh television actor best known for playing the character of Brandon Monk in the Welsh soap "Pobol y Cwm".
 He has appeared on a number of top English television programmes such as "Casualty" in 1998.
 He also appeared as Praetorian Officer in the 2000 Hollywood blockbuster, "Gladiator", among actors such as Russell Crowe and Oliver Reed.
 He also appeared in "Sharpe's Gold" in 1995 from the TV series "Sharpe" starring Sean Bean.
Funny Bones is a 1995 British-American comedy-drama film from Hollywood Pictures.
 It was written, directed and produced by Peter Chelsom, co produced by Simon Fields, and co written by Peter Flannery.
 The music score was by John Altman, and the cinematography by Eduardo Serra.
 Set in Las Vegas and Blackpool, England, the film stars Oliver Platt, Jerry Lewis, Lee Evans, Leslie Caron, Richard Griffiths, Sadie Corre, Oliver Reed, George Carl, Freddie Davies and Ian McNeice.
Ivan Dragomiloff is a fictional character, the chairman of "The Assassination Bureau, Ltd" in the book of that name by Jack London.
 The character was played by actor Oliver Reed in the film of the same name.
Robert Oliver Reed (13 February 1938 – 2 May 1999) was an English actor known for his upper-middle class, macho image, hellraiser lifestyle, and "tough guy" roles.
 Notable films include "The Trap" (1966), "Oliver!
" (1968), "Women in Love" (1969), "Hannibal Brooks" (1969), "The Devils" (1971), "The Three Musketeers" (1973), "Tommy" (1975), "Lion of the Desert" (1981), "Castaway" (1986), "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" (1988) and "Funny Bones" (1995).
 For "Gladiator" (2000), his final film, Reed was posthumously nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role.
Royal Flash is a 1970 novel by George MacDonald Fraser.
 It is the second of the Flashman novels.
 It was made into the film "Royal Flash" in 1975 and remains the only Flashman novel to be filmed.
Robin Barton (born 5 November 1958) is a British art dealer dealing primarily with Banksy's.
 Barton studied photography and graphic design at the Exeter College of Art and Design and this was his first encounter with Russell Young.
 Moving to London in 1980 he began working as a freelance photographer for music and fashion publications "Sounds", "NME", "Blitz", "The Face" moving on to working regularly for pioneering "Independent Magazine" photographing amongst others Sir Alec Guinness, Oliver Reed, Johnny Depp, Lou Reed, Hugh Grant and Sir Peter Hall.
 Laterly he worked for other publications "Sunday Times", "Sunday Telegraph", "Elle", "Vogue", "Tatler" and "Blueprint".
Lion of the Desert is a 1981 Libyan historical action film starring Anthony Quinn as Libyan tribal leader Omar Mukhtar, a Bedouin leader fighting the "Regio Esercito" (Italian Royal Army) in the years leading up to World War II, and Oliver Reed as Italian General Rodolfo Graziani, who attempted to defeat Mukhtar.
 It was directed by Moustapha Akkad and funded by the government under Colonel Muammar Gaddafi.
 Released in May 1981, the film was liked by critics and audiences but performed poorly financially, bringing in just $1 million net worldwide.
 .
 The film was banned in Italy in 1982 and was only shown on pay TV in 2009.
The Duke of Hamilton was one of the oldest pubs in London, situated in Hampstead.
 It was a popular meeting place for actors Peter O'Toole, Oliver Reed and Richard Burton.
 Reed would be seen for long periods at the pub on a daily basis.
