Andrew Cecil "Scrappy" Moore, Jr. (September 25, 1902 – May 3, 1971) was an American football player and coach.
 He served as the head football coach at the University of Chattanooga, now the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, from 1931 to 1967, compiling a record of 171–148–13.
 He had the longest tenure and the most successful record of any coach at Chattanooga.
 Moore played football as a quarterback at the University of Georgia.
 Moore's nickname "Scrappy" is currently used as the name of the mascot of UTC.
 He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1980.
The Chattanooga Times Free Press is a daily broadsheet newspaper published in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and is distributed in the metropolitan Chattanooga region of southeastern Tennessee and northwestern Georgia.
 It is one of Tennessee's major newspapers and is owned by WEHCO Media, Inc., a diversified communications company with ownership in 14 daily newspapers, 11 weekly newspapers and 13 cable television companies in six states.
 The current president of the Chattanooga Times Free Press is Jeff DeLoach.
Chattanooga is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee, with a population of 176,588 in 2015.
 The fourth-largest Tennessee city, it is the seat of Hamilton County.
 Located in southeastern Tennessee in East Tennessee, on the Tennessee River, served by multiple railroads and Interstate highways, Chattanooga is a transit hub.
 Chattanooga lies 120 mi northwest of Atlanta, Georgia, 120 mi southwest of Knoxville, Tennessee, 135 mi southeast of Nashville, Tennessee, 120 mi northeast of Huntsville, Alabama, and 148 mi northeast of Birmingham, Alabama.
Chief Moccanooga was the former athletic mascot for the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, until 1996, when the university abandoned the mascot as potentially offensive at the request of the Chattanooga InterTribal Association.
 Chief Moccanooga was replaced with a mockingbird, the state bird of Tennessee, and the nickname for Chattanooga athletics was changed from 'Moccasins' to simply 'Mocs'.
Joel Cunningham was the fifteenth vice chancellor of the University of the South and the former president of Susquehanna University.
 He grew up in Oak Ridge, Tennessee and graduated summa cum laude from the University of Chattanooga in 1965 with majors in mathematics and psychology and completed his master's and doctoral degrees in mathematics from the University of Oregon.
 Cunningham is a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.
 He began his career in academe as a member of the faculty at the University of Kentucky, where he taught mathematics for five years.
 He made his first return to Tennessee, to his alma mater, in fact, when he was appointed dean of continuing education and mathematics faculty member at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, in 1974.
 He served a year as an American Council on Education Fellow with the Chancellor of the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, and the President of the University of Tennessee.
 He left Chattanooga in 1979 to become vice president for academic affairs, dean of the faculty, and professor of mathematics at Susquehanna University in Pennsylvania.
 In 1984 he was named president there where he remained until 2000, when he was elected vice chancellor by Sewanee's board of trustees and made his second Tennessee homecoming.
 He served in this position until 2010.
The Nashville Terminal Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. State of Tennessee.
 The Subdivision is broken up into 5 sections all in Nashville, Tennessee.
 The northern part of the Terminal is in Madison, Tennessee at milepost 000/0BA 174 on the southern end of the Ex-L&N Mainline Subdivision at Monfort.
 Disptach for the Mainline Sub is known as "LD" which is part of the Cincinnati Division.
 From here in Madison begins the double track that stays for another 22 miles south to Brentwood, Tennessee.
 At milepost 000/0BA/00H 176.6, the famous Johnny Cash "Amqui" location where the Ex-L&N Evansville, Indiana line, the Henderson Subdivision meets with the Terminal.
 Dispatch for the Henderson Sub is known as "SA" and operates on AAR58.
 There are two crossings near each other, Williams Ave and Nesbitt Lane at Amqui.
 From here the Terminal goes south about 2 miles to the Nashville National Cemetery to the first major location, known as Ekin, 000179, where there is a cross over track from number 1 to number 2 track (left to right track).
 There is also the first EDD (Defect Detector) at 000179.1.
 Few more miles southward, the next major location appears.
 At 000181.0, Maplewood is a major location for the Terminal.
 From here the regular Terminal goes south to swap crews at Kayne Ave, and the right side, Radnor Cutoff, detours the city and gives yard departures and arrivals direct access to and from Radnor yard to cities like Louisville and Chicago.
 The Cutoff runs from Maplewood to Shelby Park double track.
 From Shebly the track converges into one to pass the historic Shelby bridge, then it opens back to double track.
 From there, the cutoff hits the Intermediates at 0BA187.0 known as Chicken Pike.
 The Radnor Cutoff carries the L&N mainline classification of "0BA" but meets the main at the same milepost from the Terminal.
 At Chicken Pike, trains are staged to await arrival to Radnor yard.
 Once they get clearance, speed is decreased to 15, and at 0BA188.1 the EDD (Defect Detector) sounds for departures and arrivals.
 This location is known as North Radnor.
 The right track diverging from the #2 is known as A-1, it is for departure trains to Chattanooga and Atlanta.
 The left track which goes west from the #1 is known as A-2, and serves as a departure track to Memphis, and if the cutoff is out of service, all northbound departures.
 The interesting piece of Maplewood is the crossovers that are there to move trains from the Cutoff to the Main.
 Both lines remain double track for a while.
 The main runs south for 2 more miles until the Intermediate signals at 000183.0.
 Commonly trains will stop before Delmas Ave when Kayne Ave is at capacity and await dispatch permission before moving south.
 From here, the main continues south until the CR Cumberland River Swingbridge, where the main converges into a single track shortly to cross the bridge.
 At this point, trains had been running at track speed of around 40.
 From the drawbridge into town, speed is reduced to around 10.
 After the bridge is passed, the main returns to double track in downtown.
 On the #1 track about a half a mile south, another connecting track is present.
 This is the Wye track that connects the main with the Bruceton side, while rarely used for mainline trains, locals and river jobs use it.
 The location is known as 8th Avenue or 8th Avenue Wye.
 The main then runs down to Kayne Ave, the central hotbed of all Nashville thru traffic.
 The Memphis, Tennessee Ex-L&N Bruceton Subdivision meets with the Terminal.
 The Bruceton Sub begins at Church Street at 00N0.0.
 The line then runs single track until 00N0.7 "11th Avenue" where it turns into double track and also meets the aforementioned, Wye track.
 The Bruceton line then goes southwest a while to the next signals, at "Shops".
 Now speed has been increased.
 The line is still double track until "Sellars", where speed is increased to 40 and jurisdiction transferred to the SD Dispatcher.
 For a short time, 4 main tracks are present and an additional fifth track for switchers and yard movements.
 The tracks from left to right in Kayne Ave are as follows: 100, 99, 98, 12, 3.
 The Kayne Ave yard is also here in this area, which houses some frieght and some switcher engines.
 The tracks to the old shed are covered and removed.
 The Union Station is not an active station, but a historic hotel.
 Crew change usually occurs at the "walkway" which is under the Demombreun St bridge by the Kayne Ave Tower.
 This is also where the Ex-NC&StL Chattanooga Subdivision begins.
 Then tracks run south to Fogg St/South End where things get complicated.
 At milepost 000/0BA/00J187 the 98 track merges into the 12 track, making for 3 tracks now.
 There is a crossover from 99 to 12, also a crossover from 12 to 3.
 About 2/10ths of a mile down the 99 merges into the 12 track reducing the tracks back to the regular double.
 About 4/10ths of a mile down the line from Fogg St, 000187.4, Oak St, is a crossover track from #2 to #1 (the track names are no longer 3 and 12, but are back to regular names).
 When trains use this crossover northbound, such as Memphis bound trains from the A-2 line, they refer to it as "Long Lead".
 And now, the Terminal splits into two parts.
 The right side turns into a single track shortly, and will become the Chattanooga Subdivision, and the left side runs south to Brentwood.
 The right track runs single shortly until double track for a while.
 This begins part of the Chattanooga Sub or J-Line.
 The #2 meets with the A-2 connection track at 00J2.2 known as A-2.
 Speed is now increased to 40.
 Commonly northbounds will stage at 4th Ave on the #1 to await clearance.
 Now about a mile down the #1 meets the A-1 connection line.
 At 00J3.6 known as A-1.
 Further down the double track ends at Glencliff (00J4.9).
 Now it runs single for three miles until it hits Danley, which has the D Line connection track, which is an arrival track for incoming Radnor trains from the J Line.
 At Danley, the Terminal ends but the same dispatcher handles traffic, "SC".
 At Oak Street, our main terminal line goes south two miles to 000189.0 known as Criaghead or Vine Hill.
 There is a crossover here from #1 to #2 track.
 And there is also a connection/delivery track to the Nashville and Eastern Railroad which connects the Tennessee Central Railroad Museum to a major railroad.
 Trains sometimes stop on the #2 before Craighead if they are waiting to enter Radnor yard.
 Sometimes trains wait on the #1 at the Berry Road crossing if they await arrival to Kayne Ave. At this point, speed has been increased to 30 from 10.
 Moving south, the line hits Radnor Yard at 000192.
 The #2 track meets the E-Line arrival track which most Memphis trains and locals use.
 The B-Line which meets the #1 track is used for departures out of the C yard and local jobs.
 At Mayton, 000192.3, the B line meets the #1 track, and there is a crossover track from #2 to #1.
 Speed is now at 40.
 2 miles south, at 000194.0, South Radnor, the next intersection is present.
 This is where the Radnor A yard meets the main.
 There is a single departure/arrival track that meets the #2 track along with a crossover from #1 to #2 track.
 Commonly, the #2 track south of the signals is used to halt trains.
 This location is known as TVA, because of the power station that is adjacent.
 From here the Terminal runs about 2.5 miles south until we hit the southern tip.
 The tracks converge onto one single main, at 000/0BA196.6 known as Brentwood.
 Speed is increased to 50 and jurisdiction to the S.E. dispatcher.
 The right track is the main, S&NA North, while the left track is the Nashville Subdivision which runs to Columbia and exchanges freight with the TSRR.
 The Nashville Terminal Subdivision is one of the busiest locations on the CSX network, and one of the most important.
WUTC 88.1 is a public radio station in Chattanooga, Tennessee, in the United States.
 Since going on the air in 1979, it has been owned and operated by the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga and broadcasts from Cadek Hall on the UTC campus.
 The station is a member of National Public Radio, Public Radio International, and American Public Media, and broadcasts a variety of modern music, including alternative, rock and related genres.
 WUTC has a broadcast radius of approximately 100+ miles over four states (Tennessee, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama), except to the west, being limited by Monteagle Mountain.
 WUTC began streaming its broadcast online in July 2002.
 In May 2006, WUTC became the first Chattanooga radio station (public or commercial) to simulcast its broadcast in HD Radio format.
Scrappy is the mascot of the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga.
 He is a mockingbird, the state bird of Tennessee.
 Scrappy is named after the legendary, former Chattanooga football coach, A.C. "Scrappy" Moore.
WJOC "The TALK of Chattanooga (1490 AM, "AM 1490") is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk format.
 Licensed to Chattanooga, Tennessee, USA, the station serves the Chattanooga area.
 The station is currently owned by Sarah Margarett Fryar.
 The station was WDXB from 1948-1989.
 In the 1960s through the early 1980s it was one of Chattanooga's most popular Top-40 stations and featured popular personalities Chickamauga Charlie or "Chicky Poo", who later went to WGOW and Johnny Walker who later went to WKGN in Knoxville.
 In the 80's it aired multiple formats to try to stay relevant in the market which was already dominated by FM, everything from Country to Punk Rock, even Blues was heard on the station during this time.
 In 1989 the owners finally gave up and they sold to the station to Chattanooga Lookouts play by play announcer Larry Ward.
 Under Larry's direction the station became WJOC, Chattanooga's first all sports station.
 However the station was short lived and in 1993 WJOC was sold to its current owner and adopted its current Talk Radio/ Religious format.
 The studios are now located on Rossville Blvd, in Rossville, GA.
William Livingston Healy (born January 16, 1985) is an American football coach at Austin Peay State University in Clarksville, Tennessee.
 At the time of hire on December 23rd, 2015, he was the 2nd youngest football coach in Division 1 football.
 Healy, a native of Chattanooga, Tennessee, was an all-state quarterback at Boyd-Buchanan School.
 After signing a football scholarship at Air Force coming out of high school, he then transferred to The University of Richmond to play quarterback for Dave Clawson and Mike London.
 The Spiders went on to win the FCS National Championship in 2008, Healy's senior season, with the game being played in his hometown of Chattanooga, Tennessee.
 He then started his coaching career for coach Russ Huesman at The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga in 2009.
