The Diocese of Cork was established in the seventh century.
 The diocese of Cork was one of the twenty-four dioceses established at the Synod of Rathbreasail on an ancient bishopric founded by Saint Finbarr in the sixth-century.
 On 30 July 1326, Pope John XXII, on the petition of King Edward II of England, issued a papal bull for the union of the bishoprics of Cork and Cloyne, the union to take effect on the death of either bishop.
 The union should have taken effect on the death of Philip of Slane in 1327, however, bishops were still appointed to each separate bishopric.
 The union eventually took place with Jordan Purcell appointed bishop of the united see of Cork and Cloyne in 1429.
Philip (died June 1331 ) was the second eldest son of Prince Philip I of Taranto and Thamar Angelina Komnene.
 His older brother, Charles, died in 1315.
 On 19 April 1319, his father granted him the title of Despot of Romania, which actually corresponded to rule over a small part of Albania, but also to the Prince of Taranto's claim on the Despotate of Epirus to the south.
 In May 1321, Philip was engaged to Beatrice, daughter of Count Louis I of Clermont.
 She brought as her dowry the 40,000 "livres tournois", which Louis had agreed to pay Duke Odo IV of Burgundy in exchange for Odo's claim to the Principality of Achaea.
 Instead, Prince Philip had arranged to purchase Odo's rights for the same amount and marry his son to Louis's daughter.
 The engagement with Beatrice was canceled by 1329, when Philip married Violante (Yolanda), daughter of King James II of Aragon.
 In 1328, Philip's father decided to send a fleet to conquer the Despotate of Epirus.
 The fleet finally embarked in 1329.
 The younger Philip got as far as Nafpaktos, but on the eve of launching the land expedition, he died.
 Philip predeceased his father.
 Violante, his widow, died in 1353.
Philip le Despenser, 2nd Baron le Despenser (c.1365 in Nettlestead, Suffolk, England – 20 June 1424) was the son and heir of Philip le Despenser, 1st Baron le Despenser.
 Philip was aged 36 and more at the death of his father Philip Despencer in 1401, haviing been knighted in 1385.
Thomas of Brotherton, 1st Earl of Norfolk (1 June 1300 – 4 August 1338), was the fifth son of King Edward I (1272-1307), and the eldest child by his second wife Margaret of France, the daughter of Philip III of France.
 He was, therefore, a younger half-brother of King Edward II (1307-1327) and a full brother of Edmund, Earl of Kent.
 He occupied the office of Earl Marshal of England.
Hu Jinsi (胡進思) (d. April 28, 948) was a general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Wuyue, becoming powerful during the reign of its third king Qian Hongzuo (King Zhongxian).
 After Qian Hongzuo's death, Hu had frequent conflicts with Qian Hongzuo's brother and successor Qian Hongzong (King Zhongxun), such that he, fearing that Qian Hongzong would kill him, deposed Qian Hongzong in a coup and replaced him with his brother Qian Hongchu (King Zhongyi, later known as Qian Chu).
The "Lament of Edward II", "En tenps de iver me survynt damage" (sic), is traditionally credited to Edward II of England, and thought to have been written during his imprisonment shortly after he was deposed by his wife Isabella in January 1327.
 Not all readers are convinced of the royal attribution of its authorship.
 The poem, in fifteen stanzas, bears the heading "De Le Roi Edward, le Fiz Roi Edward, Le Chanson Qe Il Fist Mesmes" ("Of the King Edward, son of King Edward, the Song that He Made himself").
 It was a "chanson", and was likely to be sung to an existing tune.
 In each stanza two rhymes alternate, in approximately octosyllabic lines.
 The text survives in a manuscript on vellum at Longleat, bound into a volume titled "Tractatus varii Theologici saec.
 XIII et XIV" (76v and 77r), causing it to be overlooked; and in a manuscript in the Royal Library.
 It was identified by Paul Studer and first published by him with a short literary introduction and an English translation in 1921.
Aratus ( ; Greek: Ἄρατος ; 271–213 BC) was a statesman of the ancient Greek city-state of Sicyon and a leader of the Achaean League.
 He deposed the Sicyonian tyrant Nicocles in 251 BC.
 Aratus was an advocate of Greek unity and brought Sicyon into the Achaean League, which he led to its maximum extent.
 He was elected "strategos" many times and led the Achaeans against Macedonia, the Aetolians and the Spartans.
 After the Spartans defeated and nearly destroyed the cities of the Achaean League, he requested Antigonus III Doson of Macedonia to help fight against the Aetolians and Spartans.
 After Antigonus died in 221 BC, Aratus did not get along with the new king, Philip V of Macedon, who wanted to make the Achaean League subject to Macedonia.
 Polybius and Plutarch record that Philip had Aratus poisoned.
Sir Philip Le Despencer, Knt., of Goxhill, Lincolnshire was the son of Hugh Le Despencer, 1st Earl of Winchester and his wife, Lady Isabella Beauchamp, daughter of William de Beauchamp, 9th Earl of Warwick and Maud FitzJohn.
 He was born ca. 1290 in Stoke, Gloucester, England.
 He married Margaret de Goushill, daughter of Ralph De Gousille and his wife Hawise Fitzwarine.
 Philip was brother to Hugh Despenser, the Younger, a favorite of King Edward II.
Edward II (25 April 1284 – 21 September 1327), also called Edward of Caernarfon, was King of England from 1307 until he was deposed in January 1327.
 The fourth son of Edward I, Edward became the heir to the throne following the death of his older brother Alphonso.
 Beginning in 1300, Edward accompanied his father on campaigns to pacify Scotland, and in 1306 he was knighted in a grand ceremony at Westminster Abbey.
 Edward succeeded to the throne in 1307, following his father's death.
 In 1308, he married Isabella of France, the daughter of the powerful King Philip IV, as part of a long-running effort to resolve the tensions between the English and French crowns.
Tarabya I (Burmese: တရဖျားကြီး , ] ;1297–1339) was king of Sagaing from 1327 to 1335/36.
 He succeeded King Saw Yun, his maternal half-brother.
 In 1335/36, he was brought put under arrest by his own son Shwetaungtet.
 The deposed king managed to have Shwetaungtet killed in 1339 but he himself was killed by Chief Minister Nanda Pakyan.
