A drama school, stage school or theatre school is an undergraduate and/or graduate school or department at a college or university; or a free-standing institution (such as the Drama section at the Juilliard School); which specializes in the pre-professional training in drama and theatre arts, such as acting, design and technical theatre, arts administration, and related subjects.
 If the drama school is part of a degree-granting institution, undergraduates typically take a Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Fine Arts, or, occasionally, Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Design.
 Graduate students may take a Master of Arts, Master of Science, Master of Fine Arts, Doctor of Arts, Doctor of Fine Arts, or Doctor of Philosophy degree.
Leeroy New is a contemporary Filipino fine artist whose works overlap with theatre, film, fashion, and visual arts.
 He is a Visual Arts graduate of Philippine High School for the Arts and a graduate of the University of the Philippines College of Fine Arts.
 Currently, he is known as one of the designers alongside Kermit Tesoro for the muscle dress, a dress worn by Lady Gaga in her music video, Marry The Night.
Chris O'Dea is a documentary filmmaker with a focus on new media and global perspectives.
 He is a Master of Fine Arts graduate of the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television.
 He studied documentary filmmaking under Russian filmmaker Marina Goldovskaya and was a production technician for NBC Sports during their coverage of the Salt Lake City, Sydney, Torino, Beijing and Athens Olympic Games.
The Fine Arts Center of Greenville, SC (The "FAC") was established in August 1974 as the first specialized arts school in the state of South Carolina.
 Classes are available at the Center for students to study theatre, music, visual arts, dance, creative writing, and film and video production.
 The Fine Arts Center provides arts instruction to artistically talented students who desire an intense pre-professional program of study.
 Students spend a minimum of 110 minutes in either the morning or afternoon five days a week at the Fine Arts Center and spend the remainder of their time on academic work at an area high school.
 Around 300 students attend the Fine Arts Center each year, and more than 90% of graduates go on to higher education.
 The Fine Arts Center has recently moved from its former location at 1613 W. Washington St. to its new facility at 102 Pine Knoll Dr.
The Pacific Northwest College of Art (PNCA) is a private fine arts and design college in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 Established in 1909, the art school grants bachelor of fine arts degrees and graduate degrees including the master of fine arts (MFA) and master of arts (MA) degrees.
 It has an enrollment of about 500 students.
 PNCA actively participates in Portland's cultural life through a public program of exhibitions, lectures, and internationally recognized visual artists, designers, and creative thinkers.
 Dr. Donald Tuski serves as the school's president.
Vermont College of Fine Arts (VCFA) is a graduate-level fine arts institution in Montpelier, Vermont.
 VCFA is a national center for graduate fine arts education with a unique practice-based learning model, internationally renowned faculty, and a range of delivery models — including low residency, intensive conference retreats, and fully residential programs.
 VCFA educates emerging and established artists through the offering of six low residency Master of Fine Arts degrees in the following fields: Writing, Writing for Children & Young Adults, Visual Art, Music Composition, Graphic Design and Film; a residential Master of Fine Arts degree in Writing and Publishing; low residency Master of Arts in Teaching in Art and Design Education; and a low residency Master of Arts in Art and Design Education.
 Its faculty includes Pulitzer Prize finalists, National Book Award winners, Newbery Medal honorees, Guggenheim Fellowship and Fulbright Program fellows, and Ford Foundation grant recipients.
The School of Theatre and Dance is a department under the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences (CLASS) at the University of Houston.
 The School offers both Bachelor of Fine Arts and Master of Fine Arts programs, including a Bachelor of Fine Arts in acting, stage management, technical theatre, theatre education and a joint degree in both playwrighting and dramaturgy; all at the undergraduate level.
 Graduate programs are offered in: acting, theatre studies, theatrical design, technical direction, and theatre education.
 The current Director of the School of Theatre and Dance is Jim Johnson, a position he has held since 2013.
The UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television (UCLA TFT), is one of the 11 schools within the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) located in Los Angeles, California.
 Its creation was groundbreaking in that it was the first time a leading university had combined all three (theater, film and television) of these aspects into a single administration.
 The undergraduate program is often ranked among the world's top drama departments.
 The graduate programs are usually ranking within the top three nationally, according to the "U.S. News & World Report".
 Among the school's resources are the Geffen Playhouse and the UCLA Film & Television Archive, the world's largest university-based archive of its kind, celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2015.
 The Archive constitutes one of the largest collections of media materials in the United States — second only to the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. Its vaults hold more than 220,000 motion picture and television titles and 27 million feet of newsreel footage.
Mason Gross School of the Arts is the arts conservatory at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
 It is named for Mason W. Gross, the sixteenth president of Rutgers.
 Mason Gross offers the Bachelor of Fine Arts in Dance, Theater, Digital Filmmaking, and Visual Arts, Bachelor of Music, Master of Fine Arts in Theater and Visual Arts, Master of Education in Dance, Master of Music, Doctor of Musical Arts, Artist Diploma in Music, and MA and Ph.D. in composition, theory, and musicology.
 Mason Gross recently introduced a new program in the Visual Arts that offers a Bachelor of Design.
The Columbia University School of the Arts, also known simply as the School of the Arts or as SoA, is the graduate school of the university that offers programs in the fine arts.
 It offers the Master of Fine Arts (MFA) degrees in Film, Visual Arts, Theatre and Writing, as well as the Master of Arts (MA) degree in Film Studies.
 It works closely with the Arts Initiative at Columbia University (CUArts) and organizes the Columbia University Film Festival.
 Founded in 1948, the school is located in Morningside Heights, New York.
