The serialized Mighty Mouse story "The Great Space Chase" from "The New Adventures of Mighty Mouse and Heckle & Jeckle" Saturday morning series made it into a 1982 movie by Filmation.
Merlin The Magic Mouse is a 1967 Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Alex Lovy and distributed by Warner Bros. It features the first appearance of Merlin the Magic Mouse and Second Banana, both voiced by Daws Butler.
 The cartoon seems to use Hanna-Barbera sound effects.
Mighty Mouse: The New Adventures is a 1987 revival of the Mighty Mouse cartoon character.
 Produced by Bakshi-Hyde Ventures (a joint venture of animator Ralph Bakshi and producer John W. Hyde) and Terrytoons, it aired on CBS on Saturday mornings from fall 1987 through the 1988–89 season.
 It was briefly rerun on Saturday mornings on Fox Kids in November 1992.
Merlin the Magic Mouse is an animated cartoon character, an anthropomorphic mouse, who starred in five Looney Tunes shorts late in the series.
The Apple Mouse (formerly Apple Mighty Mouse) is a multi-control USB mouse manufactured by Mitsumi Electric and sold by Apple Inc. It was announced and sold for the first time on August 2, 2005, and a Bluetooth version was available from 2006 to 2009.
 Before the Mighty Mouse, Apple had sold only one-button mice with its computers, beginning with the Apple Lisa 22 years earlier.
 The Mighty Mouse supported two buttons, and a miniature trackball for scrolling.
Mighty Mouse Playhouse is an American television anthology series featuring animated short films starring Mighty Mouse.
 The series aired on CBS from 1955 to 1966.
 The series was credited with popularizing the Mighty Mouse character in popular culture far beyond what the original film shorts had done.
Mighty Mouse in Gypsy Life is a 1945 Mighty Mouse cartoon that was nominated for an Oscar in the 18th Annual Academy Awards and is produced by Paul Terry and directed by Connie Rasinski.
 This film was originally released theatrically by 20th Century Fox.
 In the cartoon, Mighty Mouse tries to save gypsies from bats.
 This is the only Mighty Mouse cartoon that was nominated for an Oscar and lost to a Tom and Jerry cartoon called "Quiet Please!
", released in 1946.
The Magic Mouse is a multi-touch mouse that was manufactured and sold by Apple, until being discontinued in 2015.
 It was first sold on October 20, 2009.
 The Magic Mouse is the first consumer mouse to have multi-touch capabilities.
 Taking after the iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, and multi-touch trackpads, the Magic Mouse allows the use of gestures such as swiping and scrolling across the top surface of the mouse to interact with desktop computers.
 It connects via Bluetooth and runs on two AA batteries.
 Apple includes two non-rechargeable batteries in the box.
 Like its predecessor, the Mighty Mouse, the Magic Mouse is capable of control-clicking without requiring the key combination.
Mighty Mouse is an American animated anthropomorphic, superhero mouse character created by the Terrytoons studio for 20th Century Fox.
 The character first appeared in 1942 (originally named Super Mouse) and subsequently in 80 theatrical films between 1942 and 1961.
 These films appeared on American television from 1955 through 1967, Saturday mornings on the CBS television network.
 The character was twice revived, by Filmation Studios in 1979 and in 1987 by animation director Ralph Bakshi, who had worked at the Terrytoons studio during his early career.
Terrytoons was a studio in New Rochelle, New York, that produced animated cartoons for theatrical release from 1930 - 1971.
 Terrytoons was founded by Paul Terry and operated out of the "K" Building in downtown New Rochelle.
 The studio created many cartoon characters including Heckle and Jeckle, Mighty Mouse, Gandy Goose, Sourpuss, Dinky Duck and Luno.
 The "New Terrytoons" period of the late 1950s through early 1970s produced such characters as Deputy Dawg, Hector Heathcote, Hashimoto, Sidney the Elephant, Possible Possum, James Hound, Astronut, Sad Cat and The Mighty Heroes.
 Adult animation pioneer Ralph Bakshi got his start as an animator, and eventually as a director, at Terrytoons.
 Terrytoons were originally released to theaters by 20th Century Fox.
 The Terrytoons library was later purchased by the CBS Corporation.
