Matthew James "Matt" Prior (born 26 February 1982) is a former English international cricketer who played for England in Test cricket and for Sussex in domestic cricket.
 He was a wicket-keeper, and his aggressive right-handed batting enabled him to open the innings in ODI matches, even when he made very limited appearance in shorter forms of the game.
 With an international Test debut score of 126, Prior became the first English wicket-keeper to hit a century in his debut match in early 2007.
 His glovework, however, was criticised.
 Despite a successful tour of Sri Lanka with the bat, Prior's keeping was less successful, and he was dropped from the team for the 2008 tour of New Zealand.
 He returned for the 2008 series against South Africa, and was retained into 2009, where he became the second-fastest England keeper to reach 1,000 Test runs, behind Les Ames.
 In his role as wicketkeeper, Prior has been described as 'a big talker behind the stumps' but has argued that this approach is different from the behaviour that saw him criticised during the 2007 tour by India; 'Ninety-five percent of the time, my chat is about geeing up our bowlers and the fielding unit.'
 He retired in June 2015 from all forms of professional cricket due to a recurring Achilles tendon injury.
The Nurtured Heart Approach (NHA) is a social emotional strategy that instills greatness and transforms negative behaviors into positive behaviors, increases interrelatedness and connectivity among family members, couples, teachers and students and builds “Inner Wealth” more commonly known as character strengths and virtues.
 The NHA was created and developed by Howard Glasser who was discouraged by the lack of positive results when applying the techniques he had learned in graduate school.
 Glasser intuitively created this approach by specifically attending to the energy in relationships noticing that more energy and attention went to negative behavior rather than to positive behavior.
 Howard Glasser continues to expound on his findings for the last two decades resulting in the first Global Summit with topics in research, policy, foster care, mental health organizations, workplace, education, diverse cultures and religious affiliation and with specific psychiatric disorders.
 The Nurtured Heart Approach to parenting (NHA; Glasser & Easley, 2008) is summarized and evaluated in terms of its alignment with current theoretical perspectives and empirical evidence in family studies and developmental science.
 Originally conceived and promoted as a behavior management approach for parents of difficult children (i.e., with behavior disorders), NHA is increasingly offered as a valuable strategy for parents of any children, despite a lack of published empirical support.
 Parents using NHA are trained to minimize attention to undesired behaviors, provide positive attention and praise for compliance with rules, help children be successful by scaffolding and shaping desired behavior, and establish a set of clear rules and consequences.
 Many elements of the approach have strong support in the theoretical and empirical literature; however, some of the assumptions are more questionable, such as that negative child behavior can always be attributed to unintentional positive reinforcement by parents responding with negative attention.
 On balance, NHA appears to promote effective and validated parenting practices, but its effectiveness now needs to be tested empirically (Hektner, J, Brennan, A, & Brotherson, S., 2013).

Today is the twenty-fourth studio album by American country music group The Statler Brothers.
 It was released in 1983 via Mercury Records.
 The album peaked at number 193 on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
 It is the first Statler album to feature Jimmy Fortune, who replaced Lew DeWitt as the group's new tenor singer due to the latter's failing health.
Mohammad Saleem (Urdu محمد سلیم) better known as Saleem Javed is a Pakistani pop singer born in Hyderabad, Pakistan.
 He emerged to fame in the 1980s, though, he was already known in some quarters before that, as a semi-classical singer due to his work in the classical industry.
 Saleem Javed practically started the trend of Re-Mixing old songs with new instrumentation and improvisation 23 years ago.
 He did the first ever re-mix in his first album "Listen to My Voice" launched in 1985 in Pakistan and the song was " Janam Aii Janam by Legendary Madom Noor Jehan ".
Life in a Tin Can is the Bee Gees' eleventh studio album (ninth worldwide), released in January 1973.
 The Bee Gees moved their base of operations from England to Los Angeles to record "Life in a Tin Can".
 However, it was unable to prevent a commercial decline with the album criticised for a lack of innovation.
 Despite its low sales and poor chart performance, "Life in a Tin Can" was awarded "Album of the Year" by "Record World" magazine.
 It was the first Bee Gees album to bear the RSO label in the US.
Daryl Dixon is a fictional character from AMC's horror drama series, "The Walking Dead".
 The character was created for the television series by writers Frank Darabont, Charles H. Eglee and Jack LoGiudice specifically for Norman Reedus; he had read the script for the show and wanted to be a part of it so badly, he begged to audition even for a day role.
 He was asked to come in and read lines.
 They picked Merle's lines, which is why the rumor still abounds that he read for the role of Merle, but Rooker already had the part.
 They liked his audition and gave him the role of Daryl.
 The character was introduced in the first season as a southerner, expert tracker, living in the shadow of his older brother, Merle.
 Despite his ill temper and volatility, he is tolerated by the core group of survivors due to his skills in hunting animals and fearless efficiency in killing walkers.
 This is particularly important in the early days of the apocalypse, when people with survival skills and the moxie to confront the undead are in short supply.
Special Kind of Something – The Best of Kavana is a compilation by British singer Kavana.
 The album was released on 23 July 2007 after renewed interest in the singer due to his appearance on the British talent show "Grease Is the Word".
 The album includes material from both "Kavana" and "Instict", as well as two B-sides and three previously unreleased tracks - "Gotta Have You", "Succeed (The Best You've Got)" and "Heart Like the Sun", a duet with Lulu.
 On his official Myspace page, Kavana himself has said he doesn't have many expectations of the album charting as it is being released with no promotion, but will be releasing an album of new material soon.
 The album failed to chart upon its release and has since become a rarity amongst fans.
Cosimo di Giovanni de' Medici (called 'the Elder' (Italian "il Vecchio") and posthumously "Father of the Nation" (Latin "pater patriae"); 27 September 1389 – 1 August 1464) was an Italian banker and politician, the first of the Medici political dynasty, "de facto" rulers of Florence during much of the Italian Renaissance.
 Despite his influence, his power was not absolute; Florence's legislative councils at times resisted his proposals, something which would not have been tolerated by the Visconti of Milan, for instance; throughout his life he was always "primus inter pares" ("first among equals").
 His power derived from his wealth as a banker, and he was a great patron of learning, the arts and architecture.
Spirit is the debut studio album by British singer-songwriter Leona Lewis, released by Syco Music in November 2007 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, followed by a worldwide release during early 2008.
 After winning the third series of reality singing contest "The X Factor" in December 2006, Lewis began recording the album in Sweden, the United Kingdom and United States, working with a variety of writers and producers.
 Critics praised the album for creating a contemporary album using such a variety of producers, and for showcasing Lewis's voice, though they criticised her "lack of personality".
 The release of the album marked Lewis as the first winner of a major television talent show in both the UK and US to be given a major global launch with a debut album.
Tryphosa Bates-Batcheller (April 14, 1876–1952), born Tryphosa Duncan Bates, was an American socialite, club woman and concert singer.
 She is often mentioned in the same context as Florence Foster Jenkins: both are apt to be criticised as people who were publicly tolerated and even celebrated as singers due to their wealth and social position, despite a lack of talent.
