Pinhead Gunpowder (also known by fans as the West Side Highway EP) is the second eponymously titled extended play by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.
 It was released on August 19, 2008, through Recess Records, the group's first release on Recess.
 "Pinhead Gunpowder" marked the band's first new release in over 5 years.
 The first pressings of the extended play were on green and blue vinyl.
 All of the tracks were rereleased on the 2009 compilation "Kick Over the Traces".
Recess Records is an independent record label founded in 1989 with the release of F.Y.P's "Extra Credit", an 11 song 7-inch record.
 Label founder Todd Congelliere (frontman for F.Y.P and Toys That Kill) originally created the label as a vehicle to release F.Y.P's material.
 Congelliere promoted "Extra Credit" by running classified ads in Berkeley based Maximum Rocknroll fanzine and going to skateboard contests.
 He quickly sold his initial pressing of 500 copies.
 In between touring the U.S., Europe, and Japan, Congelliere began releasing records for fellow punk rock and DIY bands, eventually having a roster of close to 20 artists on his label.
 Pinhead Gunpowder, fronted by Green Day frontman Billie Joe Armstrong, announced in April 2008 that a new 7" single from the band would be released on Recess Records in late May 2008.
Since 1991, some members of punk band Green Day have branched out past their "main band" and have started other projects with other musicians and have released full-length albums and several EPs.
 Notable related projects of Green Day include Billie Joe Armstrong's Pinhead Gunpowder (which also featured Green Day's other guitarist Jason White), The Frustrators in which Mike Dirnt plays bass, and The Network which many speculate has all three members of Green Day, although under stagenames.
Billie Joe Armstrong (born February 17, 1972) is an American musician, singer, songwriter and actor who is best known as the lead vocalist, primary songwriter, and guitarist of the punk rock band Green Day, which he co-founded with Mike Dirnt.
 He is also a guitarist and vocalist for the punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder and provides lead vocals for Green Day's side projects Foxboro Hot Tubs and The Network.
Jason White (born November 11, 1973) is an American musician, best known as the current touring guitarist for the American punk rock band Green Day.
 He has played as a touring member of Green Day since 1999.
 However, in 2012, he was promoted to being an official member of the band before demoting himself back to his touring guitarist role in 2016.
 He is also the guitarist/vocalist for the Californian punk band Pinhead Gunpowder, lead guitarist/lead vocalist for California, and co-founder of Adeline Records alongside Billie Joe Armstrong.
Carry the Banner is the third EP by the Berkeley, California-based punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.
 Originally released on 10" vinyl in December 1994 through Too Many Records, the EP was reissued on CD by Lookout Records shortly after as the initial vinyl pressing sold out quickly.
 It was the group's first release to feature Jason White on guitar/vocals, replacing Sarah Kirsch, who left the band in 1994 due to differences with Billie Joe Armstrong after his main band Green Day signed to major label Reprise Records.
Pinhead Gunpowder is an American punk rock band that formed in East Bay, California, in 1990.
 The band currently consists of Aaron Cometbus (drums, lyrics), Bill Schneider (bass), Billie Joe Armstrong (guitar, vocals) and Jason White (guitar, vocals).
 The band's name comes from a brand of "high octane" green tea served at the Arcata co-op and discovered by Aaron Cometbus during one of his many dumpster diving adventures.
Compulsive Disclosure is the second compilation album by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.
 It was released on October 21, 2003, through Lookout!
 Records.
 The album features songs from the group's eponymously titled 2000 EP, the "Dillinger Four / Pinhead Gunpowder" split EP, the "8 Chords, 328 Words" EP and also features re-recorded versions of the songs "2nd Street" and "At Your Funeral" (originally from "Dillinger Four / Pinhead Gunpowder").
 "Compulsive Disclosure" was re-released on CD and vinyl through Recess Records on February 12, 2010, with two unreleased tracks, "Salting Agents" and "El Lasso Grappo".
Kick Over the Traces is a compilation album by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.
 The album contains tracks from Pinhead Gunpowder releases since the band formed in 1990.
 The album was released through Recess Records on June 16, 2009.
 The Japanese edition features a second disc recorded live at 924 Gilman Street on February 10, 2008, and features different cover art.
William 'Bill' Schneider (born June 17) is an American musician.
 He has played bass in the punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder since 1990, as well as providing vocals and writing the lyrics to the song "Backyard Flames".
 He has also been in many other bands such as The Influents, Monsula and Uranium 9v, Sawhorse and The Skinflutes.
 Bill was worked as bass tech during the Nimrod era for Mike Dirnt, Green Day's and as guitar tech on their albums "Nimrod" and "Warning", American Idiot, 21st Century Breakdown, Uno Dos Tres, Revolution Radio and was their day to day manager from 2003-2012 for their "American Idiot" and 21st Century Breakdown tours through Uno Dos Tres.
 He also owned "Broken Guitars", a guitar shop in Oakland, California with Billie Joe Armstrong.
 Bill Still works on the sidelines with the band as well as in the studio.
