"By the Beautiful Sea" is a popular song published in 1914, with music written by Harry Carroll and lyrics written by Harold R. Atteridge.
 The sheet music was published by Shapiro, Bernstein & Co.
Robin Hood is an upcoming American action-adventure film directed by Otto Bathurst and written by Joby Harold, Peter Craig, and David James Kelly based on the tale of Robin Hood.
 The film stars Taron Egerton, Jamie Foxx, Eve Hewson, Ben Mendelsohn, Jamie Dornan, Tim Minchin, Björn Bengtsson, and Paul Anderson.
 It will be released by Lionsgate's Summit Entertainment in all IMAX theatres on September 21, 2018.
Beautiful Young Minds was a documentary first shown at the BRITDOC Festival on 26 July 2007 and first broadcast on BBC 2 on 14 October 2007.
 The documentary follows the selection process and training for the U.K. team to compete in the 2006 International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO), as well as the actual event in Slovenia.
 Many of the young mathematicians featured in the film had a form of autism, which the documentary links to mathematical ability.
 The team goes on to win numerous medals at the IMO, including four silver and one bronze.
 It was directed by Morgan Matthews, edited by Joby Gee and featured music by Sam Hooper.
 It was also screened at the Bath Film Festival in October 2007.
 The documentary inspired the 2014 film X+Y, which was also directed by Morgan Matthews, based on IMO participant Daniel Lightwing.
Samuel Sim is a film and television composer.
 He first gained recognition with his award winning score for the BBC drama series "Dunkirk".
 Since then he has written the music for a wide variety of film and television productions, most recently scoring the film "Awake" for The Weinstein Company and the BBC/HBO drama series "House of Saddam".
 His most recent acclaimed music is the soundtrack for Home Fires.
 Home Fires (Music from the Television Series) released May 6, 2016 by Sony Classical Records.
Joby Talbot (born 25 August 1971) is a British composer.
 He has written for a wide variety of purposes and an accordingly broad range of styles, including instrumental and vocal concert music, film and television scores, pop arrangements and works for dance.
 He is therefore known to sometimes disparate audiences for quite different works.
King Arthur: Legend of the Sword is a 2017 epic fantasy film directed by Guy Ritchie and written by Ritchie, Joby Harold and Lionel Wigram, inspired by Arthurian legends.
 The film stars Charlie Hunnam as the eponymous character, with Jude Law, Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey, Djimon Hounsou, Aidan Gillen and Eric Bana in supporting roles.
Awake is a 2007 American conspiracy thriller film written and directed by Joby Harold.
 It stars Hayden Christensen, Jessica Alba, Terrence Howard and Lena Olin.
 The film was released in the United States and Canada on November 30, 2007.
Gidget Goes to Rome is a 1963 Columbia Pictures Eastmancolor feature film starring Cindy Carol as the archetypal high school teen surfer girl originally created by Sandra Dee in the 1959 film "Gidget".
 The film is the third of three Gidget films directed by Paul Wendkos and expands upon Gidget's romance with boyfriend Moondoggie.
 The screenplay was written by Ruth Brooks Flippen based on characters created by Frederick Kohner.
 Veterans of previous Gidget films making appearances include James Darren as "Moondoggie", Joby Baker, and Jean "Jeff" Donnell as Gidget's mom, Mrs. Lawrence.
 The film has been released to VHS and DVD.
"Here" is a popular song, with music written by Harold Grant and lyrics by Dorcas Cochran, published in 1954.
 (Most sources show music and lyrics by both, but Cochran was a lyricist and Grant a composer.)
 The melody was adapted from the operatic aria, ""Caro nome,"" from the opera "Rigoletto" by Giuseppe Verdi.
Blog Wars is a 2006 documentary film about the rise of political blogging and its influence on the 2006 midterm Connecticut senate election.
 Original musical score is composed by Samuel Sim.
