The Bachelor of Veterinary Science (BVSc or BVSC; Latin Baccalaureus Veterinariae Scientiae),"Bachelor of Veterinary Medicine" (BVetMed), or "Bachelor of Veterinary Medicine and Surgery" ("BVM&S" or "BVMS") is a degree for studies in veterinary medicine in the United Kingdom and some other countries.
 These degrees qualify one to practice as a veterinarian in the US if the degree is conferred from an American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA) accredited school and the candidate passes the North American Veterinary Licensing Examination (NAVLE), just as any other US and Canada graduate.
 They are the UK's equivalent to DVM/VMD degrees; the main equalizer being licensure in the US.
The Bionic Vet is a BBC documentary television series following the work of veterinarian Noel Fitzpatrick at his veterinary practice in Surrey.
 Fitzpatrick and his team of over 100 vets, nurses and support staff find new methods and techniques to help pets within more unique problems that would often leave euthanasia as the only option.
Bondi Vet is an Australian factual television series.
 It follows the lives of veterinary surgeon Chris Brown at the Bondi Junction Veterinary Hospital (near Bondi Beach), and emergency veterinarian Lisa Chimes at the Small Animal Specialist Hospital (SASH), in the Sydney suburb of North Ryde.
A veterinary physician, is usually called a vet, which is shortened from veterinarian (American English, Australian English) or veterinary surgeon (British English), which is a professional who practices veterinary medicine by treating diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.
William Dick (1793 – 1866) was a Scottish veterinarian and founder of the Dick Vet School in Edinburgh, the first veterinary college in Scotland.
 He is responsible for major advances in the field of veterinary science and the profession as a whole.
Jakob Gustav Berdel (born 28 February 1872 in Neckarbischofsheim, died 13 February 1949 in Frankfurt) was a German veterinarian, who served as municipal chief veterinarian ("städtischer Obertierarzt") in Frankfurt and managing director of the slaughterhouse in Frankfurt Municipality, at the time one of the largest and most modern in Europe.
 He was licensed as a veterinarian in 1898 and obtained a doctorate in veterinary medicine (Dr.med.vet.)
 from the Berlin Veterinary College in 1920.
 During the First World War, he was also a military veterinarian (captain of the Reserve) of the Reserve Field Artillery Regiment No. 21 staff.
 He received the honorary title "Oberveterinärrat" (senior veterinary councillor).
 He was also involved with several veterinary societies.
 He was a member of the Senckenberg Nature Research Society.
Suzanne Saueressig (February 4, 1924 – February 8, 2013) was the first practicing female veterinarian in Missouri.
 Saueressig was the Humane Society of St. Louis' Chief of Staff for 55 years.
 She was born in Nuremberg, Germany and graduated from the University of Munich Veterinary College, class of 1953.
 She was the only female in her class.
 She came to St. Louis, MO and was hired as a veterinarian for the Humane Society.
 She insisted on raising the standards at her clinic- ensuring surgical instruments were sanitized properly, increasing cleanliness standards for the animals, and insisting on modern x-ray equipment.
 She was named their Chief of Staff ten years later in 1965.
 She is accredited with playing a major role in the St. Louis Humane Society’s success.
 It is one of the largest operating practices in the Midwest today.
 She campaigned for spaying and neutering animals and had a column in the local newspaper to help educate and improve the local community.
 In 1972, she claimed the award of “Woman Veterinarian of the Year” by the national organization American Veterinary Medical Association.
Veterinary education is the tertiary education of veterinarians. To become a veterinarian, one must first complete a veterinary degree (DVM, VMD, BVS, BVSc, BVMS, BVM, cand.med.vet).
Cand.med.vet (Candidatus/candidata (male/female) medicinae veterinariae) or "candidate of veterinary medicine" is an academic degree awarded in Scandinavian countries following a 5,5 to 6 year veterinary medical school education.
 It is equivalent with the same kind of degrees given in other countries, like: DVM, VDM, BVSc, BVM&S etc., which also opens for authorization as a veterinarian.
A veterinary specialist is a veterinarian who specializes in a clinical field of veterinary medicine.
