Big Painting No. 6 (sometimes Big Painting or Big Painting VI) is a 1965 oil and Magna on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein.
 Measuring 235 cm × 330 cm (92.5 in × 129 in), it is part of the "Brushstrokes" series of artworks that includes several paintings and sculptures whose subject is the actions made with a house-painter's brush.
 It set a record auction price for a painting by a living American artist when it sold for $60,000 in 1970.
 The painting is in the Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen collection.
Brushstrokes in Flight is a 1984 sculpture by Roy Lichtenstein, installed at the John Glenn Columbus International Airport in Columbus, Ohio.
 It is part of the "Brushstrokes" series of artworks that includes several paintings and sculptures whose subject is the actions made with a house-painter's brush.
The following is a list of the prominent names in U. S. Marine Corps lore—the people who make up what the Marines call "Knowledge".
 Names in this list are notable for actions made as a Marine; individuals whose notability is unrelated to service in uniform can be found at List of United States Marines.
King Gwanghae (光海君, 광해군) was an outstanding administrator and great diplomat, he was largely unsupported by many politicians, scholars, and aristocrats because he was not the first-born and he was born of a concubine.
 Greater Northerners tried to stomp out those opinions, suppressing Lesser Northerners and killing Prince Imhae (臨海君, 임해군), the oldest son of Seonjo, and Grand Prince Yeongchang (永昌大君, 영창대군), the queen's son.
 It was not Gwanghae's plan to keep his throne; and in fact, he actually tried to bring minor factions into the government, but was blocked by opposition from members of the Greater Northerners, such as Jeong In-hong and Yi Icheom.
 The actions made Gwanghae even more unpopular among wealthy aristocrats, and they finally began plotting against him.
Collaborative partnerships are agreements and actions made by consenting organizations to share resources to accomplish a mutual goal.
 Collaborative partnerships rely on participation by at least two parties who agree to share resources, such as finances, knowledge, and people.
 Organizations in a collaborative partnership share common goals.
 The essence of collaborative partnership is for all parties to mutually benefit from working together.
Elisabeth Joan "Lisa" Croll, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (21 September 1944 – 3 October 2007) was a New Zealand anthropologist.
 She is known as the first anthropologist to visit Chinese villages in a period when political actions made access into the country for foreigners difficult.
 Croll published books on the subject and held several short-term fellowships at various educational institutions.
 She also worked for United Nations agencies and international non-government organisations.
"Shouting "fire" in a crowded theater" is a popular metaphor for speech or actions made for the principal purpose of creating unnecessary panic.
 The phrase is a paraphrasing of Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.'s opinion in the United States Supreme Court case "Schenck v. United States" in 1919, which held that the defendant's speech in opposition to the draft during World War I was not protected free speech under the First Amendment of the United States Constitution.
R v Cheshire [1991] 1 WLR 844 is an English criminal law case establishing the role of the jury in finding liability for death, where subsequent medical negligence occurs following the original injury.
 The Court of Appeal found that the jury did not have to weigh up different causes of death, and need only be satisfied that the defendant's actions made a "significant contribution" to the victim's death.
Education for Liberation of Siam (Thai: กลุ่มการศึกษาเพื่อความเป็นไท ) is a group of high school students who demand to reform Thai education system which the core members are from "the Thailand Educational Revolution Alliance".
 It was established on 2 December 2013 by Netiwit Chotiphatphisal, whom also is the first secretary of the group.
 There has been a fan page on Facebook called “The Education for Liberation of Siam” to be the intermediate for disseminating any information concerning misconducts and questionable actions made by politicians or figures of authorities that have an effect on the Thai educational community.
 before Coup d'état in Thailand, in January this group set the event anti-coup in front of army camp Recently there was a small event, coined “Presenting flowers to show appreciation towards the military officers for not commititting Coup d'état” .
Kaikhosro II Jaqeli (Georgian: ქაიხოსრო II ჯაყელი ; b. 1522 – d. 1573), of the House of Jaqeli, son of Qvarqvare III, was prince of Samtskhe (styled with the hereditary title of atabeg), ruling nominally in 1545–1573.
 Invested as a puppet ruler by the Ottomans in 1545, Kaikhosro II's further tenure over Samtskhe continued as a hard one, and it was marked by incessant Iranian–Ottoman rivalry, as well as uneasy relations with neighboring Georgian polities, and internecine feuds.
 He quickly ended up with the western part of his principality being assimilated by the Ottomans and formed into a "paşalık", while the eastern part came under Iranian suzerainty.
 Continued Ottoman actions made him eventually seek direct assistance in 1570 from his suzerain, king Tahmasp I (r. 1524–1576) at the Iranian royal court, where he died three years later as well.
