"Get Free" is a song by the garage rock band The Vines from their debut album "Highly Evolved".
 The song was released in mid 2002, and remains the Vines' highest charting single (#7 Billboard Modern Rock, #24 UK Singles Chart).
 The song was written by Vines' frontman Craig Nicholls.
 It was covered by "Weird Al" Yankovic in his polka medley "Angry White Boy Polka" from his 2003 album "Poodle Hat".
 It was featured in the pilot episodes of "Fastlane" and "Shameless", as well as the 2006 movie "School for Scoundrels".
 The song can be heard in several video games including the introduction video for "Topspin", the Nintendo DS version of "Band Hero" and as a playable track on "Rock Band 3" and "".
 "Get Free" along with "Ride" appeared in the documentary "Warren Miller's Impact".
"Highly Evolved" is the opening track and first Australian single from The Vines' debut album of the same name (see "Highly Evolved").
 The song was written by the group's lead guitarist and vocalist, Craig Nicholls.
 It was issued as a single via Capitol Records, in April 2002, ahead of the album, which appeared in August.
Norman Blake and Tony Rice 2 is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and bluegrass guitarist Tony Rice, released in 1990.
 It is their second album together.
 They previously released "Blake & Rice" in 1987.
"Outtathaway" (also stylised as "Outthaway!")
 is the third single by Australian alternative rockers, the Vines, from their debut album, "Highly Evolved" (July 2002).
 It was released in Australia as a radio edit single via Engine Room Music/EMI on 18 November 2002, which peaked at No. 38 on the ARIA Singles Chart.
 It is the Vines' highest charting single and was written by the group's lead singer and guitarist, Craig Nicholls.
 The song was used in the feature film, "Bruce Almighty" (May 2003), but was not included on the official movie soundtrack album.
Ryan Griffiths (born 14 February 1978) is an Australian musician.
 From March 2002 to December 2011 he was a member of garage rock band, The Vines.
 Craig Nicholls, who founded the group, realised while touring for the promotion of their debut album, "Highly Evolved" (July 2002), that they needed an additional guitarist.
 So Nicholls asked his longtime friend and schoolmate Griffiths to join.
 As a member of The Vines he appeared on four of their studio albums, "Winning Days" (March 2004), "Vision Valley" (April 2006), "Melodia" (July 2008) and "Future Primitive" (June 2011).
 During his tenure Griffiths provided guitars (acoustic, rhythm or lead), keyboards, percussion and backing vocals before leaving, along with their drummer, Hamish Rosser, in December 2011.
"Winning Days" was the third and final single from the album of the same name by the Vines.
 It came out in May 2004, the same week as the Annandale Hotel incident took place in Sydney, in which Craig Nicholls, the song's writer and the group's lead singer-guitarist, assaulted a photographer, and charges were pressed.
Norman Blake and Red Rector is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and mandolin player Red Rector, released in 1976.
"Ride" was the second official single from The Vines' second album, "Winning Days".
 Although it wasn't a big chart success, "Ride" is one of the band's best known songs because it was featured in a number of advertisements, including commercials for Apple's iPod, Nissan, "American Chopper", "NASCAR Hot Pass", "WKCF", The WB, and .
 Written by Craig Nicholls.
The Vines are an Australian rock band formed in 1994 in Sydney.
 Their sound has been described as a musical hybrid of 1960s garage rock and 1990s alternative rock.
 The band's current line-up consists of vocalist and guitarist Craig Nicholls, bass guitarist Tim John and drummer Lachlan West.
Blake & Rice is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and bluegrass guitarist Tony Rice, released on February 14, 1992.
 It is their first album together.
 They would team up again for "Norman Blake and Tony Rice 2" that same year.
