David Humphreys Miller (June 8, 1918 – August 21, 1992) was an American artist, author, and film advisor who specialized in the culture of the northern Plains Indians.
 He was most notable for painting his 72 portraits of the survivors of the Battle of the Little Bighorn.
 In addition to his portraiture, he was also featured as a technical advisor on Native American culture for the films "Cheyenne Autumn", "How the West was Won", and the TV show "Daniel Boone".
 Miller also wrote several books on Indian history.
 In 1948, he arranged the last meeting of the Bighorn survivors at the dedication of the Crazy Horse Memorial.
P. V. R. K. Prasad (August 21, 1940 – August 21, 2017) was a former Indian Administrative Service officer from Andhra Pradesh.
 He held several important posts in the center and state including Information advisor to former Indian prime minister P. V. Narasimha Rao, and executive officer of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams.
 He brought a lot of reforms in the management of Tirumala temple to make it more people friendly.
 He continued to be an advisor of this temple even after retiring as an executive officer.
 He wrote several books about his experience working in with P. V. Narasimha Rao and working as an executive officer of Tirumala temple.
One Love Revolution is the seventh album by Pillar.
 The album released on August 18, 2015, at LifeWay, and everywhere else on August 21, 2015.
Tatiana Troyanos (September 12, 1938 – August 21, 1993) was an American mezzo-soprano of Greek and German descent, remembered as "one of the defining singers of her generation" ("Boston Globe").
 Her voice, "a paradoxical voice—larger than life yet intensely human, brilliant yet warm, lyric yet dramatic"—"was the kind you recognize after one bar, and never forget," wrote Cori Ellison in "Opera News".
 Troyanos' performances "covered the full range of operatic history" ("New York Times") in an international career of three decades which also produced a variety of memorable operatic recordings, among them "Carmen" (co-starring Plácido Domingo and conducted by Georg Solti), cited by "Classicalite" almost four decades later as "the finest of all "Carmen"s." After ten years based at the Hamburg State Opera, Troyanos became widely known for her work with the Metropolitan Opera beginning in 1976, with over 270 performances (several dozen of them broadcast or televised) spanning twenty-two major roles.
 "She was extraordinarily intense, beautiful, and stylish in roles as diverse as Eboli, Santuzza, Geschwitz, Venus, Kundry, Jocasta, Carmen, and Giulietta, in addition to her great 'trouser' roles," said the Met's longtime Music Director, James Levine.
 The Met's live telecasts of her "signature" trouser roles, Octavian in "Der Rosenkavalier" and the Composer in "Ariadne auf Naxos", have been preserved on DVD, along with her portrayals of Eboli (in "Don Carlo"), Santuzza (in "Cavalleria rusticana"), Venus (in "Tannhäuser"), and Didon (in "Les Troyens").
Joseph "Joe" Kotys (October 31, 1925 – August 21, 2012) was an American artistic gymnast.
 He won a team gold medal and three individual medals at the 1955 Pan American Games.
 At the 1948 Summer Olympics, he placed seventh with the team and had his best individual result of 23rd place on pommel horse.
The 2009 FIG World Cup circuit in Rhythmic Gymnastics includes six category A events and two category B events.
 With stopovers in Europe only, the competitions took place in March 6 – 8 in Budapest (HUN), April 4 – 5 in Saint Petersburg (RUS), April 16 – 19 in Portimão (POR), April 25 – 26 in Maribor (SLO), April 30 – May 2 in Pesaro (ITA), May 8 – 10 in Corbeil-Essonnes (FRA), August 15 – 17 in Kiev (UKR) and August 21 – 23 in Minsk (BLR).
 Two events were open only to individual athletes (Maribor and Corbeil-Essonnes), while six were open to both individual athletes and groups.
 In all of the events, all-around competitions served as qualifications for the finals by apparatus.
 The world ranking points collected by the competitors at their best four World Cup events added up to a total, and the top scorers in each event were crowned winners of the overall series at the final event in Minsk, Belarus.
Scorpio (♏) ( "Skorpios"; ) is the eighth astrological sign in the Zodiac.
 It spans the 210–240th degree of the zodiac, between 207.25 and 234.75 degree of celestial longitude.
 Under the tropical zodiac, the sun transits this area on average from October 23 to November 21, and under the sidereal zodiac, the sun currently transits the constellation of Scorpius from approximately November 16 to December 15.
 Depending on which zodiac system one uses, an individual born under the influence of Scorpio may be called a "Scorpio" or a "Scorpion".
 The symbol of the scorpion is based on Scorpius, a giant scorpion sent by Gaia to kill Orion.
Bryan Joseph Bayda {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'CSsR', '4': "} (born August 21, 1961 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is the bishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Saskatoon.
 Bayda was born in Saskatoon on August 21, 1961.
 Upon completing high school at St. Vladimir’s College Minor Seminary in Roblin, Manitoba, he pursued studies at the University of St. Michael’s College in Toronto, where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts in philosophy in 1982 and a Master of Divinity in 1987.
 Further studies included a Bachelor of Education from the University of Manitoba in 1990 and a Diploma in Eastern Christian theology from the Sheptytsky Institute in Ottawa in 1997.
 Pope Benedict XVI appointed Bayda as the Catholic Ukrainian Eparchial Bishop of Saskatoon on May 2, 2008.
Helen Flanders Dunbar (May 14, 1902 – August 21, 1959) — later known as H. Flanders Dunbar — is an important early figure in U.S. psychosomatic medicine and psychobiology, as well as being an important advocate of physicians and clergy co-operating in their efforts to care for the sick.
 She viewed the patient as a combination of the psych and some, body and soul.
 Both needed to be treated in order to treat a patient efficiently.
 Dunbar received degrees in mathematics, psychology, theology, philosophy, and medicine.
 Dunbar founded the American Psychosomatic Society in 1942 and was the first editor of its journal.
 In addition to running several other committees committed to treating the whole patient, Dunbar wrote and distributed information for public health, involving child development and advocating for mental health care after World War II.
Charles Philip Snyder (June 9, 1847 – August 21, 1915) was a lawyer and Democratic politician from West Virginia.
 He was born on June 9, 1847 in Charleston, West Virginia in Kanawha County, which was then in Virginia.
 He served as a United States Representative in the 48th, 49th, and 50th United States Congresses.
 He died August 21, 1915.
 His son and namesake was United States Navy Admiral Charles P. Snyder.
