The Penguins of Madagascar is an American CGI animated television series that had aired on Nickelodeon.
 It stars nine characters from the DreamWorks Animation animated film "Madagascar": The penguins Skipper (Tom McGrath), Rico (John DiMaggio), Kowalski (Jeff Bennett), and Private (James Patrick Stuart); the lemurs King Julien (Danny Jacobs), Maurice (Kevin Michael Richardson), and Mort (Andy Richter); and Mason (Conrad Vernon) and Phil the chimpanzees.
 Characters new to the series include Marlene the otter (Nicole Sullivan) and a zookeeper named Alice (Mary Scheer).
 It is the first Nicktoon produced with DreamWorks Animation.
 The series was executive produced by Bob Schooley and Mark McCorkle, who were the creators of Disney Channel's "Kim Possible".
How to Train Your Dragon franchise (also referred to as simply HTTYD) from DreamWorks Animation consists of two feature films "How to Train Your Dragon" (2010) and "How to Train Your Dragon 2" (2014), with a third and final planned for a 2019 release.
 The franchise is loosely based on the British book series by Cressida Cowell.
 The franchise also consists of four short films: "Legend of the Boneknapper Dragon" (2010), "Book of Dragons" (2011), "Gift of the Night Fury" (2011) and "Dawn of the Dragon Racers" (2014).
 A television series following the events of the first film, "", began airing on Cartoon Network in September 2012.
 Its second season was renamed "Dragons: Defenders of Berk".
 Set several years later, and as a more immediate prequel to the second film, a new television series, titled "Dragons: Race to the Edge", aired on Netflix in June 2015.
 The second season of the show was added to Netflix in January 2016 and a third season in June 2016.
 A fourth season aired on Netflix in February 2017 and a fifth season in August 2017.
Book of Dragons is a computer-animated/2D-animated short film based on the "How to Train Your Dragon" franchise.
 It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Steve Hickner.
 The short was released on November 15, 2011, on DVD and Blu-ray, along with "Gift of the Night Fury", another short film based on the "Dragons".
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens.
 It was released on November 15, 2011, on DVD and Blu-ray, along with another original animated short film "Book of Dragons".
John Paesano is a film composer who won an Annie Award for "Dragons: Riders of Berk".
 He is also known for composing the film "The Maze Runner", its sequel, "", "Daredevil" and "The Defenders".
Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas is a 2003 American animated film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by DreamWorks Pictures , using traditional animation with some computer animation.
 It was directed by Patrick Gilmore and Tim Johnson, and written by John Logan.
Shrek the Third is a 2007 American computer-animated fantasy comedy film and the third installment in the "Shrek" franchise, produced by DreamWorks Animation.
 It is the sequel to 2004's "Shrek 2", and is the first in the series to be distributed by Paramount Pictures , which acquired DreamWorks Pictures, the former parent of DreamWorks Animation, in 2006.
 Chris Miller and Raman Hui directed and co-directed the film, respectively, with the former also co-writing the screenplay with Jeffrey Price, Peter S. Seaman, and Aron Warner.
 In addition to Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Rupert Everett, Julie Andrews, and John Cleese, who reprise their roles from "Shrek 2", the film also features Justin Timberlake in the role of Arthur Pendragon and Eric Idle as Merlin.
 Harry Gregson-Williams composed the original music for the film.
 The story takes place eight months after the marriage of Shrek and Fiona in the first film.
 Reluctantly reigning over the kingdom of Far, Far Away, Shrek sets out to find the next heir to the throne—Fiona's cousin Artie, while Prince Charming is plotting to overthrow Shrek and become king.
"DreamWorks Dragons" is an American television series airing on Cartoon Network (for the first two seasons) and Netflix (after the second season) based on the 2010 film "How to Train Your Dragon".
 The series serves as a bridge between the first film and its 2014 sequel.
 A one-hour preview consisting of two episodes aired on August 7, 2012, with the official premiere of the series on September 4, 2012.
 s of 25, 2017, episodes of "DreamWorks Dragons " have been released.
Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is a 2002 American animated western-drama film, produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by DreamWorks Pictures.
 The film was written by John Fusco and directed by Kelly Asbury and Lorna Cook in her directional debut, was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
 In contrast to the way animals are portrayed in an anthropomorphic style in other animated features, Spirit and his fellow horses communicate with each other through sounds and body language.
 Spirit's thoughts are narrated by his voice actor Matt Damon, but otherwise, he has no dialogue.
 "Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron" was released in theaters on May 24, 2002, and earned $122.6 million on a $80 million budget.
DreamWorks Dragons is an American computer-animated television series based on the 2010 film "How to Train Your Dragon".
 The series serves as a bridge between the first film and its 2014 sequel.
