Our Stories Films is an American film studio founded on July 13, 2006 by Robert L. Johnson producing "comedic, family-friendly feature films for African American and urban audiences".
 It began as a joint venture between RLJ Companies and The Weinstein Company.
 On August 31, 2006, it was announced that Tracey Edmonds was named president and chief operating officer of Our Stories Films, making her the first African American to head a film studio.
Robert Louis "Bob" Johnson (born April 8, 1946) is an African American entrepreneur, media magnate, executive, philanthropist and investor.
 He is the co-founder of BET, which was sold to Viacom in 2001.
 He also founded RLJ Companies, a holding company that invests in various business sectors.
 Johnson is the former majority owner of the Charlotte Bobcats.
 He became the first black American billionaire.
 Johnson's companies have counted among the most prominent African-American businesses in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries.
The RLJ Companies is an American asset management firm owned by entrepreneur Robert Louis Johnson.
 After selling Black Entertainment Television in 2001, Johnson’s first company, he created RLJ Companies in Bethesda, Maryland.
 The company’s network includes hotel real estate investment, private equity, financial services, asset management, insurance services, car dealerships, sports and entertainment, and video lottery terminal (VLT) gaming.
 The company is headquartered in Bethesda and has additional offices in Charlotte, North Carolina; Little Rock, Arkansas; Los Angeles, California; San Juan, Puerto Rico and Monrovia, Liberia.
Texaco Inc. v. Dagher, 547 U.S. 1 (2006), was a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States involving the application of U.S. antitrust law to a joint venture between oil companies to market gasoline to gas stations.
 The Court ruled unanimously that the joint venture's unified price for the two companies' brands of gasoline was not a price-fixing scheme between competitors in violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act.
 The Court instead considered the joint venture a single entity that made pricing decisions, in which the oil companies participated as cooperative investors.
Joint venture brokers are people who connect business joint venture partners together for profit making projects.
 The joint venture brokers will earn a pre-negotiated percentage of the profits earned from the joint venture that they helped put together.
The Pacific Birds Habitat Joint Venture (PBHJV), previously Pacific Coast Joint Venture is a partnership established in 1991 between governments, organizations, and conservation groups along the Pacific Coast of the United States and Canada, established to protect and enhance wetlands important to migratory birds, within the framework of the North American Waterfowl Management Plan (NAWMP).
 Participants include the provincial government of British Columbia in Canada, and the state governments of Alaska, California, Hawaii, Oregon and Washington in the United States.
 The venture's scope covers an area from San Francisco Bay to Alaska, west of the Coast Mountains, and it was the first joint venture of the NAWMP to have an international scope.
The Canadian Intermountain Joint Venture (CIJV) is a partnership of "government agencies, Aboriginal groups, nongovernmental organizations, industry, universities and landowners" for the implementation of the North American Waterfowl Management Plan in the inter-mountain areas of south and central British Columbia in Canada, and the south-western mountain region of Alberta.
 Its region of operation includes "all the mountain national parks", with boundaries delineated by the border with the United States to the south, the eastern crest of the Rocky Mountains to the east, the crest of the Coast Mountains to the west, and the boreal forest to the north.
 It is adjacent to the Intermountain West Joint Venture to the south, the Pacific Coast Joint Venture to the west, and the Prairie Habitat Joint Venture to the east.
The Tiwest Joint Venture was a joint venture between Tronox Western Australia Pty Ltd and subsidiaries of Exxaro Australia Sands Pty Ltd.
 The Tiwest Joint Venture was a mining and processing company, established in 1988, to extract ilmenite, rutile, leucoxene and zircon from a mineral sands deposit at Cooljarloo, 14 km north of Cataby, Western Australia.
 As of June 2012, the joint venture was formally dissolved, when Tronox acquired the mineral-sands-related divisions of Exxaro outright.

The MAN AUTO-Uzbekistan Company is an joint venture between the German MAN Nutzfahrzeuge AG and the Uzbek OJSC UzAvtosanoat.
 The joint venture was founded in August 2009.
 Subsequently, the employees at the plant were trained by the MAN staff to ensure a proper assembly of the vehicles and to increase the theoretical knowledge of the workforce.
 The consolidation of the contractual joint venture took place on 4 September 2009 at the Oqsaroy Residence in Tashkent.
 Agents of the parties were on the Uzbek side the President Islam Abdugʻaniyevich Karimov and the chairman of the UzAvtosanoat Mr. Ulugbek Rozukulov.
 The German side was represented only by the CEO Håkan Samuelsson.
Jim Henson Pictures is an American film studio, owned by The Jim Henson Company and operated by Brian and Lisa Henson.
 It was founded on July 21, 1995, as a joint venture between Jim Henson Productions and Sony Pictures Entertainment.
 However, the company's films suffered from poor box office performances, which led to Sony breaking from the joint venture after the release of "The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland"; further films were released under the name of The Jim Henson Company, although they were credited under their former name on "Good Boy!
" in 2003.
