Nova TV was a 24-hour music channel in Iceland.
 The channel launched in late 2007, playing non-stop music videos back-to-back.
 The channel first launched on Iceland's first purpose-built 3G mobile operator Nova.
 The channel is operated by 365 Corporation.
 The channel was available through digital television, exclusive to Nova mobile users and online at nova.is.
 The channel played a broad range of music genres from both local and international artists.
 The channel ceased operating in early 2014 and was replaced by new music channel Bravó.
Sun Music (Tamil: சன் மியூசிக் originally known as SCV, Sumangali Cable Vision) is a 24-hour music channel led by the well-known Sun TV Network of India.
 The channel features Tamil music from Kollywood.
 Most of the shows in Sun Music requires call-in audience participation, where the callers speak to a video jockey and request songs that may be dedicated to their loved ones.
The Middle East Broadcasting Center (branded as MBC or MBC Group) is the first private free-to-air satellite broadcasting company in the Arab World.
 It was launched in London in 1991 and later moved to its headquarters in Dubai in 2002.
 MBC Group provides multiple channels of information, interaction and entertainment.
 MBC Group includes 11 television channels: MBC1 (general family entertainment via terrestrial), MBC2 and MBC MAX (24-hour movies), MBC3 (children’s entertainment), MBC4 (entertainment for new Arab women via terrestrial), MBC Action (action series and movies via terrestrial), MBC Persia (24-hour movie channel dubbed in Persian), MBC Bollywood (24-hour Bollywood movies dubbed in Arabic), Al Arabiya (the 24-hour Arabic language news channel); Wanasah (24-hour Arabic music channel), MBC Malayalam (the 24-hour Malayalam entertainment channel), and MBC Drama coinciding with the Group’s 20th anniversary, and offers 24/7 Arabic Drama.
 The Group also includes two radio stations: MBC FM (Gulf music), and Panorama FM (contemporary Arabic hit music); as well as O3 productions, a specialized documentary production unit.
Myx ( ) is a Filipino pay TV channel based in Quezon City.
 The channel is targeted to youth audiences with music video as its primary content.
 It was introduced on free-to air television through the now-defunct television network Studio 23 in 2000.
 Some of the programs of Myx was shown on Studio 23 during early morning, afternoon and late evening blocks.
 In 2002, Myx was launched as a stand-alone 24-hour music channel on cable.
 On February 28, 2007, an American counterpart was created to cater the Asian-American community in United States.
 It was intended as the replacement of MTV Philippines.
 Myx is notable for showing the lyrics as the music video plays which was adapted from video karaoke, a popular past-time in Asia.
 Since 2006, Myx has given the annual Myx Music Awards to the most influential personalities in the Philippine music industry.
 MYX compiles Philippines music data in the form of MYX Hit Chart and MYX Daily Top 10.
Music Channel Romania, also known as MusicChannel or 1Music, is a Romanian music television channel, opened on November 1, 2010 and owned by "Media House".
 On January 1, 2010 the company also opened "Music Channel Hungary".
 Music Channel came to prominence as the first Romanian TV station to host Live streaming on the internet.
 The TV station is known for hosting the yearly Romanian Music Awards Unlikely to MTV Romania and Kiss TV, the station is more genre-broadcasting, dividing its airplay into the four most prominent music gengres — pop, rock, urban and dance, much in the likes of UTV.
 Noteworthy, Music Channel is known for also airing Latin pop, adult contemporary, J-pop and K-pop among other genres that don't receive significant airplay from other music stations.
 Compared by many to VH1, the TV station conceived many Top-Tens and Top-100s and starting late-November they start playing Christmas music.
TMF (abbreviation of The Music Factory) was a 24-hour music channel operated by Viacom International Media Networks in the Netherlands.
 The channel was previously in every standard TV package, but it is ceased operating on 1 September 2011.
 The channels operations were based in Amsterdam.
 The channel was previously known as TMF6 and TMF9 respectively.
Tarang Music is a 24-hour music channel owned by Odisha Television Ltd of India.
 The channel features Odia music from Ollywood and music videos from Odisha.
 Most of the shows in Tarang Music require call-in audience participation, where the callers speak to a video jockey and request songs that may be dedicated to their loved ones.
Play TV is a former music channel of Pakistan owned by Business Recorder Group.
 Play TV was 24-hour music and lifestyle channel.
 It played videos of Pakistani as well as International Artists.
 The channel changed its format to complete entertainment channel by the name of Play Max but soon revamped to Play Entertainment and now airs local and foreign entertainment content.
Raj Musix Kannada is a 24-hour music channel presented by Chennai-based Raj Television Network in Karnataka.
 This is the third Music channel for Karnataka.
 The channel went on air on March 6 2009.
 Raj TV has tied up with MQ Networks Pvt. Ltd., a professionally managed multi media company for exclusively handling the Raj Music Karnataka operations in Karnataka.
 The channel became inactive and dull after a few months.
 However the channel was re-launched by the network on 14 February 2011.
 The channel was renamed as Raj Music Karnataka from Raj Musix Kannada along with the change in logo.
Arman Davletarov (born August 13, 1970, Tamar-Utkul, Orenburg region) is the general director of the Russian national music channel Muz-TV, the director of the annual national television award in the field of popular music "Muz-TV Award".
