Maximilian Büsser is a Swiss entrepreneur and founder of the avant-garde boutique watch brand MB&F (2005–present).
 Prior to MB&F he was the CEO of Harry Winston, Inc. Rare Timepieces (1998 - 2005) and a senior manager at Jaeger-LeCoultre (1991 - 1998).
 Büsser has lived in Dubai since 2014.
Keith Brackpool (born 1957) is a British-American investor and business executive presently engaged as chairman of West Coast United States operations for Stronach Group, a thoroughbred horse-racing company.
 After starting his career as an investment banker and CEO for Albert Fisher's North American operations, he co-founded the water resource company Cadiz Inc. in 1983, holding a number of executive positions including CEO, and is currently chairman of the board.
 In 1989 he started the company 1334 Partners LP., which owns the Manhattan Country Club in Manhattan Beach and other properties.
Hardy Brothers is a specialty retailer and private company of fine jewellery, timepieces and decorative arts in Australia.
 Its historic products are now highly collectible and are held in state and national collections.
 It is the only Australian jewellery business to hold a Royal Warrant and since 1980 has produced the Melbourne Cup.
Nelsonic Industries was an electronics manufacturing and development company that operated from Long Island City, Queens, New York City in the early 1980s and throughout the 1990s when it was acquired by the watch-manufacturer, M.Z. Berger.
 Nelsonic produced numerous toy-themed wrist-watches during their existence, often targeting younger audiences with likenesses of characters from popular franchises such as Barbie, the Ghostbusters, and Mario.
 Nelsonic became notable during the early mid-1980s for being the first electronics company in the United States to produce game-watches (multi-purpose electronic devices capable of functioning as both a time-piece and as a typically electronic game).
 For a period subsequent to its purchase by M.Z. Berger, Nelsonic operated as a subsidiary division of its parent company and game-watches were produced that bore the Nelsonic mark.
 This practice ended as M.Z. Berger shifted focus to more traditional and higher-end timepieces.
 Today the original Nelsonic Game Watch line has entered the secondary market and individual Game Watches have become highly sought-after collectibles that often fetch high prices on eBay and other online auction websites.
Advance Financial is a family owned non-banked consumer financial services company based in Nashville, Tennessee employing over 700 employees and has been named to the Inc.com 5000 list of the fastest-growing private companies in the country for the fifth year in a row.
 The company was founded in 1996.
 Advance Financial is an active member in several trade organizations including Community Financial Services Association of America, Financial Service Centers of America where the founders, Mike & Tina Hodges serve on the board of directors and Online Lenders Alliance.
 Tina Hodges has been awarded with a Gold in the Female CEO of the Year category by CEO World Awards®.
The Petzval objective or Petzval lens, is the first photographic portrait objective lens (160mm focal length) in the history of photography; It was developed by the German-Hungarian mathematics professor Josef Maximilian Petzval in 1840 in Vienna, with technical advice provided by , the Voigtländer company went on to build the first Petzval lens in 1840 on behalf of Petzval, and whereupon it became known throughout Europe.
 Later, the optical instruments maker Carl Dietzler in Vienna also produced the Petzval lens.
LC Singh is the Vice Chairman and CEO of Nihilent Technologies Ltd.
, a global integrated change management company headquartered at Pune, India.
 Singh founded Nihilent in the year 2000.
 Singh is an alumnus of the Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University) ,Varanasi] and Harvard Business School, and has contributed significantly towards building the Indian IT brand worldwide.
 Singh performed key roles at Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).
 At the time of leaving the company, he was the Senior Vice President, in charge of operations for UK, South Africa and the Middle East.
 He briefly worked with Zensar Technologies as President and CEO.
 He is the author of Nihilent's patented change management framework MC³ and 14Signals (a patented framework on Customer Loyalty Evaluation).
 He is an internationally internationally recognized thought leader on design & systems thinking, and is an invited speaker at global conferences on Design Thinking, Change Management, and Digital Disruption.
 Singh is a Fellow of The Institute of Management Consultants of India (IMCI) and Computer Society of India (CSI).
 He scripted and produced the movie Banaras, A mystic love story.
 He continues to be a student of ontology and epistemology
Maximilian Josef Riedel (born in Vienna, Austria on September 13, 1977) is an Austrian glassmaker and businessman.
 He is the 11th-generation CEO and President of Riedel (glass manufacturer), a glassware manufacturer established in 1756 and best known for its production of grape variety-specific glassware designed to enhance types of wines based on specific properties of individual grape varieties.
 Riedel is best known for designing the world’s first variety-specific stemless wine glasses (the Riedel “O” Series) in 2004, expanding the company to international markets and developing double-decanting technology, which achieves hours of decanting in a matter of minutes.
Die Freie Bühne, (German: "Free Stage") was a subscription-based theatre club founded in Berlin in 1889 by 10 writers and theatre critics supervised by Otto Brahm for the purpose of staging new, naturalistic plays that were either censored, not commercially viable, or not otherwise commonly produced.
 The 10 founding members were: Otto Brahm, Maximilian Harden, Theodor Wolff, Julius Hart and Heinrich Hart, Paul Schlenther, Julius Elias, Julius Stettenheim, Paul Jonas and Samuel Fischer.
 Inspired in part by André Antoine's Théâtre-Libre in Paris, Brahm's company gave private performances to subscribers only.
 Performances were held on Sunday afternoons.
 The "Freie Bühne" opened with a production of Ibsen's "Ghosts" (1881), in September 1889.
 Later productions included works by writers such as Gerhardt Hauptmann, Arno Holz, Émile Zola, August Strindberg, as well as dramatic adaptations of Tolstoy.
 The "Freie Bühne" closed in 1894, mostly due to the fact that larger, commercial theaters in Berlin had by then begun to embrace the new theatrical styles that the "Freie Bühne" had championed.
 Together with the Théâtre-Libre in Paris and the Independent Theatre Society in London, the "Freie Bühne" inspired a number of smaller, subscription-based theatres, known collectively as the Independent Theatre Movement.
Invicta Watch Group is an American watch company.
 The company trades on the name "Invicta Watch Company" and is marketed by Clay Greenwood of Utah.
 Invicta was a company founded in 1837 by Raphael Picard in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland.
 The Picard family had owned and operated the company which produced Swiss mechanical timepieces until the quartz movement revolution of the early 1970s.
