South Phoenix is a region of Phoenix, Arizona, with the boundaries of the Gila River Indian Community to the south and west, 48th Street or Interstate-10 (Phoenix/Tempe and Phoenix/Chandler borders) to the east, and the Salt River to the north.
 This area includes Phoenix's following Urban Villages: South Mountain Village (aka South Mountain District) along with Laveen Village and Ahwatukee Village.
 The area is sometimes simply referred to as "the Southside" by its residents.
 Major arterial east-west streets include Broadway Road, Southern Avenue, Baseline Road, Dobbins Road, Elliott Road, Warner Road, Chandler Boulevard, and Pecos Road, most of which connect South Phoenix with the suburbs of Tempe and Chandler.
 Major arterial south-north streets include 24th Street, 16th Street, 7th Street, Central Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 19th Avenue connecting South Mountain Village to Central and North Phoenix; 27th Avenue, 35th Avenue, 43rd Avenue, 51st Avenue, 59th Avenue, 67th Avenue, and 75th Avenue connecting Laveen to west Phoenix; and 32nd Street, 40th Street, and 48th Street connecting South Mountain Village to east Phoenix and Tempe.
The Nashville Terminal Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. State of Tennessee.
 The Subdivision is broken up into 5 sections all in Nashville, Tennessee.
 The northern part of the Terminal is in Madison, Tennessee at milepost 000/0BA 174 on the southern end of the Ex-L&N Mainline Subdivision at Monfort.
 Disptach for the Mainline Sub is known as "LD" which is part of the Cincinnati Division.
 From here in Madison begins the double track that stays for another 22 miles south to Brentwood, Tennessee.
 At milepost 000/0BA/00H 176.6, the famous Johnny Cash "Amqui" location where the Ex-L&N Evansville, Indiana line, the Henderson Subdivision meets with the Terminal.
 Dispatch for the Henderson Sub is known as "SA" and operates on AAR58.
 There are two crossings near each other, Williams Ave and Nesbitt Lane at Amqui.
 From here the Terminal goes south about 2 miles to the Nashville National Cemetery to the first major location, known as Ekin, 000179, where there is a cross over track from number 1 to number 2 track (left to right track).
 There is also the first EDD (Defect Detector) at 000179.1.
 Few more miles southward, the next major location appears.
 At 000181.0, Maplewood is a major location for the Terminal.
 From here the regular Terminal goes south to swap crews at Kayne Ave, and the right side, Radnor Cutoff, detours the city and gives yard departures and arrivals direct access to and from Radnor yard to cities like Louisville and Chicago.
 The Cutoff runs from Maplewood to Shelby Park double track.
 From Shebly the track converges into one to pass the historic Shelby bridge, then it opens back to double track.
 From there, the cutoff hits the Intermediates at 0BA187.0 known as Chicken Pike.
 The Radnor Cutoff carries the L&N mainline classification of "0BA" but meets the main at the same milepost from the Terminal.
 At Chicken Pike, trains are staged to await arrival to Radnor yard.
 Once they get clearance, speed is decreased to 15, and at 0BA188.1 the EDD (Defect Detector) sounds for departures and arrivals.
 This location is known as North Radnor.
 The right track diverging from the #2 is known as A-1, it is for departure trains to Chattanooga and Atlanta.
 The left track which goes west from the #1 is known as A-2, and serves as a departure track to Memphis, and if the cutoff is out of service, all northbound departures.
 The interesting piece of Maplewood is the crossovers that are there to move trains from the Cutoff to the Main.
 Both lines remain double track for a while.
 The main runs south for 2 more miles until the Intermediate signals at 000183.0.
 Commonly trains will stop before Delmas Ave when Kayne Ave is at capacity and await dispatch permission before moving south.
 From here, the main continues south until the CR Cumberland River Swingbridge, where the main converges into a single track shortly to cross the bridge.
 At this point, trains had been running at track speed of around 40.
 From the drawbridge into town, speed is reduced to around 10.
 After the bridge is passed, the main returns to double track in downtown.
 On the #1 track about a half a mile south, another connecting track is present.
 This is the Wye track that connects the main with the Bruceton side, while rarely used for mainline trains, locals and river jobs use it.
 The location is known as 8th Avenue or 8th Avenue Wye.
 The main then runs down to Kayne Ave, the central hotbed of all Nashville thru traffic.
 The Memphis, Tennessee Ex-L&N Bruceton Subdivision meets with the Terminal.
 The Bruceton Sub begins at Church Street at 00N0.0.
 The line then runs single track until 00N0.7 "11th Avenue" where it turns into double track and also meets the aforementioned, Wye track.
 The Bruceton line then goes southwest a while to the next signals, at "Shops".
 Now speed has been increased.
 The line is still double track until "Sellars", where speed is increased to 40 and jurisdiction transferred to the SD Dispatcher.
 For a short time, 4 main tracks are present and an additional fifth track for switchers and yard movements.
 The tracks from left to right in Kayne Ave are as follows: 100, 99, 98, 12, 3.
 The Kayne Ave yard is also here in this area, which houses some frieght and some switcher engines.
 The tracks to the old shed are covered and removed.
 The Union Station is not an active station, but a historic hotel.
 Crew change usually occurs at the "walkway" which is under the Demombreun St bridge by the Kayne Ave Tower.
 This is also where the Ex-NC&StL Chattanooga Subdivision begins.
 Then tracks run south to Fogg St/South End where things get complicated.
 At milepost 000/0BA/00J187 the 98 track merges into the 12 track, making for 3 tracks now.
 There is a crossover from 99 to 12, also a crossover from 12 to 3.
 About 2/10ths of a mile down the 99 merges into the 12 track reducing the tracks back to the regular double.
 About 4/10ths of a mile down the line from Fogg St, 000187.4, Oak St, is a crossover track from #2 to #1 (the track names are no longer 3 and 12, but are back to regular names).
 When trains use this crossover northbound, such as Memphis bound trains from the A-2 line, they refer to it as "Long Lead".
 And now, the Terminal splits into two parts.
 The right side turns into a single track shortly, and will become the Chattanooga Subdivision, and the left side runs south to Brentwood.
 The right track runs single shortly until double track for a while.
 This begins part of the Chattanooga Sub or J-Line.
 The #2 meets with the A-2 connection track at 00J2.2 known as A-2.
 Speed is now increased to 40.
 Commonly northbounds will stage at 4th Ave on the #1 to await clearance.
 Now about a mile down the #1 meets the A-1 connection line.
 At 00J3.6 known as A-1.
 Further down the double track ends at Glencliff (00J4.9).
 Now it runs single for three miles until it hits Danley, which has the D Line connection track, which is an arrival track for incoming Radnor trains from the J Line.
 At Danley, the Terminal ends but the same dispatcher handles traffic, "SC".
 At Oak Street, our main terminal line goes south two miles to 000189.0 known as Criaghead or Vine Hill.
 There is a crossover here from #1 to #2 track.
 And there is also a connection/delivery track to the Nashville and Eastern Railroad which connects the Tennessee Central Railroad Museum to a major railroad.
 Trains sometimes stop on the #2 before Craighead if they are waiting to enter Radnor yard.
 Sometimes trains wait on the #1 at the Berry Road crossing if they await arrival to Kayne Ave. At this point, speed has been increased to 30 from 10.
 Moving south, the line hits Radnor Yard at 000192.
 The #2 track meets the E-Line arrival track which most Memphis trains and locals use.
 The B-Line which meets the #1 track is used for departures out of the C yard and local jobs.
 At Mayton, 000192.3, the B line meets the #1 track, and there is a crossover track from #2 to #1.
 Speed is now at 40.
 2 miles south, at 000194.0, South Radnor, the next intersection is present.
 This is where the Radnor A yard meets the main.
 There is a single departure/arrival track that meets the #2 track along with a crossover from #1 to #2 track.
 Commonly, the #2 track south of the signals is used to halt trains.
 This location is known as TVA, because of the power station that is adjacent.
 From here the Terminal runs about 2.5 miles south until we hit the southern tip.
 The tracks converge onto one single main, at 000/0BA196.6 known as Brentwood.
 Speed is increased to 50 and jurisdiction to the S.E. dispatcher.
 The right track is the main, S&NA North, while the left track is the Nashville Subdivision which runs to Columbia and exchanges freight with the TSRR.
 The Nashville Terminal Subdivision is one of the busiest locations on the CSX network, and one of the most important.
Doppler, also known as Amazon Tower I, and Rufus 2.0 Block 14, is a 524 ft office building in Seattle, Washington that houses the corporate headquarters of Amazon.com.
 It is part of the three-tower campus that Amazon is developing in the Denny Triangle neighborhood, located at the intersection of Westlake Avenue and 7th Avenue near the Westlake Center and McGraw Square.
 The tower houses 3,800 employees.
 The tower's name, Doppler, refers to the internal codename of the Amazon Echo voice-controlled speaker that launched in 2014.
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is an inner suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
 Located north of the Hillhurst and West Hillhurst communities, the boundaries of the district are 16th Avenue N (Trans-Canada Highway)to the north; 14th Street W to the east; Lane north of 7th Avenue N to 19th Street W and 8th Avenue N to the south; and Crowchild Trail, 12th Avenue N, Juniper Road, and 22nd Street W to the west.
 Lions Park C-Train station is located within the community.
 The community is built on an escarpment and is popular for its views of downtown to the south and the Rocky Mountains to the west.
The Metropolitan Tower, owned by Metropolitan Properties of Chicago, is a skyscraper located at 310 S. Michigan Avenue in Chicago's East Chicago Landmark Historic Michigan Boulevard District in the Loop community area in Cook County, Illinois, United States and has been renovated as a condominium complex with 242 units.
 Residences range in size from 1200 sqft to 4000 sqft .
 Penthouses feature 360 degree city views and private elevators.
 Prices run from $300,000 for a 762 sqft one-bedroom unit to $1.365 million for a 1932 sqft three-bedroom.
 The Metropolitan Tower is also home for a branch of Chase Bank.
Moline Downtown Commercial Historic District is a historic district located in Moline, Illinois, United States.
 Centered on 5th Avenue, it is roughly bounded by 12th Street to 18th Street, 4th Avenue to 7th Avenue.
 The distinct covers 33 acres and includes 114 buildings.
 One hundred of the buildings contribute to the significance of the district because they retain their historic and architectural integrity and reflect the character of the historic downtown.
The High Springs Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on October 31, 1991) located in High Springs, Florida.
 It encompasses approximately 750 acre , bounded by Northwest 14th Street, Northwest 6th Avenue, Southeast 7th Street and Southwest 5th Avenue.
 It contains 218 historic buildings.
Greenwich Avenue, formerly Greenwich Lane, is a southeast-northwest avenue located in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
 It extends from the intersection of 6th Avenue and 8th Street at its southeast end to its northwestern end at 8th Avenue between 14th Street and 13th Street.
 It is sometimes confused with Greenwich Street.
 Construction of West Village Park, bounded by Greenwich Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 12th Street, began in 2016.
Virginia Dare Dresses, Incorporated operated a chain of retail stores in New York City.
 Based at 462 7th Avenue (Manhattan), the company became a casualty of the Great Depression.
 In March 1933 it went into receivership, with a court-appointed receiver being named.
 In October 1934 the business emerged from financial difficulty and leased 10000 sqft of space in the Penn Terminal Building at 370 7th Avenue.
 Philip Wise, another women's wear chain, and Wheelan Studios, rented property in the same building.
 The re-emergent organization was known as Virginia Dare Stores, Inc.
 It is important for having survived in a turbulent economic time in United States history.
Lindy's is a deli and restaurant with two locations in Manhattan, New York City, at 825 7th Avenue (at 53rd Street) and 401 7th Avenue (at 32nd Street).
 Lindy's is best known for its original incarnation which opened in 1921 on Broadway.
 It is currently owned by the Riese Organization.
