Joe Cocker – Classics, Volume 4 is a greatest hits compilation for Joe Cocker, released in 1987 by A&M Records as part of A&M's classics series of greatest hits albums for artists on its label.
 This compilation is label-exclusive; therefore, it only contains Joe Cocker's hits on the A&M label.
James Douglas Vallance, CM (born May 31, 1952) is a Canadian musician, songwriter, arranger and producer based out of Vancouver, British Columbia.
 He is best known as the songwriting partner of Canadian international recording artist Bryan Adams.
 He began his professional career as the original drummer and principal songwriter for the Canadian rock group Prism under the pseudonym "Rodney Higgs."
 In addition to Adams, Vallance has written songs for many famous international artists such as Bonnie Raitt, Aerosmith, Carly Simon, Rod Stewart, Roger Daltrey, Tina Turner, Alice Cooper, Ozzy Osbourne, Kiss, Scorpions, Anne Murray, and Joe Cocker.
 His most recognizable songs are "Spaceship Superstar" (Prism), "Cuts Like a Knife" (Bryan Adams), "Heaven" (Bryan Adams), "Summer of '69" (Bryan Adams), "Now and Forever (You and Me)" (Anne Murray) and "Edge of a Dream" (Joe Cocker.)
 He also co-wrote "Tears Are Not Enough" for Northern Lights for Africa, an ensemble of Canadian recording artists in support of the 1985 African famine relief.
 He has won the Canadian music industry Juno award for Composer of the Year four times (a record.)
 Vallance is a Member of the Order of Canada.
Live in L.A. is a selection of the best live recordings of concerts performed by Joe Cocker in 1972 with The Chris Stainton Band.
 It includes several live versions of Cocker's classics such as "High Time We Went" and "Hitchcock Railway", as well as new tracks like "Love the One You're With" and "Didn't You Know You've Got to Cry Sometime", "Early in the Mornin'" and "What Kind of Man are You".
 The electricity of live performance, which is the very essence of Joe Cocker, is captured on this album, providing a natural companion to his previous live classic "Mad Dogs and Englishmen".
Space Captain – Joe Cocker Live in Concert is a live compilation album from Joe Cocker released in 1976 in several European countries by Cube Records.
 The album features a selection of songs recorded during Cocker's concerts in USA with Mad Dogs and Englishmen in 1970 and with The Chris Stainton Band in 1972.
 All the songs had been previously released on the "Mad Dogs & Englishmen" and "Live in L.A." albums.
Joe Cocker is the third studio album by Joe Cocker, released in 1972 in Europe as Something to Say on Cube Records, and in the USA as "Joe Cocker" on A&M Records.
 It contains the hit single "High Time We Went", that was released in the summer of 1971.
 "Joe Cocker" signalled Cocker's change of direction into a more jazzy, blues style.
 The album reached no. 30 in the US album charts.
 However, although it received a positive response from the press, it made no impression on the British and European charts.
Joe Cocker!
 is Joe Cocker's second studio album, released in November 1969.
 Following the template of his first LP, this album features numerous covers of songs originally performed by Bob Dylan ("Dear Landlord"), The Beatles ("She Came in Through the Bathroom Window" and "Something" - both released almost simultaneously with original versions; "Let It Be" was also recorded and released as a B-side), Leonard Cohen ("Bird on the Wire"), and future touring partner Leon Russell ("Delta Lady").
 Cocker also co-wrote one song, "That's Your Business Now", Chris Stainton, who was also his writing partner in later years.
Robert Henry "Bobby" Keys (December 18, 1943 – December 2, 2014) was an American saxophonist who performed with other musicians as a member of several horn sections of the 1970s.
 He appears on albums by the Rolling Stones, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Harry Nilsson, Delaney & Bonnie and Friends, George Harrison, John Lennon, Eric Clapton, Joe Cocker and other prominent musicians.
 Keys played on hundreds of recordings and was a touring musician from 1956 until his death in 2014.
"Woman to Woman" is a song written by Joe Cocker and Chris Stainton.
 It was released on Cocker's 1972 album "Joe Cocker" (December 1972) and reached the top in the singles chart of Spain.
Joe Cocker Live is a live album by Joe Cocker, released in 1990 (see 1990 in music).
 It was recorded live 5 October 1989 at Memorial Auditorium in Lowell, Massachusetts with the exception of the last two tracks which were recorded in the studio.
 The album was re-released in 2011 under the title "Joe Cocker's Greatest Hits Live".
James Price (born 1945, Fort Worth, Texas, United States) was, together with Bobby Keys and Jim Horn, one of the most in demand horn session players of the 1970s.
 He toured extensively with The Rolling Stones from 1970 until 1973, including their 1972 American Tour, and appears on the albums, "Sticky Fingers", "Exile on Main St." and "Goats Head Soup".
 From September 1968 to February 1969, Price played with New Buffalo Springfield.
 He also toured and recorded with Delaney, Bonnie and Friends, Joe Cocker's "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" and Eric Clapton.
