Let There Be Love is Joni James debut album, recorded in 1953 and released by MGM Records at the end of the year.
 It was released in a four-disc 10-inch 78-rpm record box, in both a two-disc 7-inch 45-rpm extended-play foldout album and a four-disc 45-rpm regular-play box and on a 10-inch 33⅓-rpm album.
 The serial number, 222, coincidentally included James's lucky number, "22," which appeared in many of her record serial numbers all over the world.
 The album is the first to present its songs as a book in music, opening with "Let There Be Love" and closing with "I'll Be Seeing You", with the songs telling a story start to finish.
 The memorable cover was done at M-G-M Pictures Studios in Culver City by artist Russ Gale.
 From the album a single of "Let There Be Love" and "You're Nearer" was shipped to radio stations.
 Then, by public demand, a single of "You're My Everything" and "You're Nearer" was released.
 This album offered Joni's second recording of "Let There Be Love," which had been released in an earlier version in 1952 as her first single on Sharp Records in Chicago, then going to M-G-M Records for further distribution.
 Both recordings were arranged and conducted by Lew Douglas.
 "Let There Be Love" went to the top of the album charts and was the sixth-best-selling album of 1953.
 In 1956 the album was reissued as a 12-inch L.P. and in three single EPs; there was no EP set including the entire album.
 For this release, four Joni James singles were added, but one of them had never been released.
 That was "I Need You Now," which was to have followed the hit "My Love, My Love" but was canceled when Eddie Fisher came out with a version recorded several weeks after Joni's.
 M-G-M had expected Joni's original version to go straight to #1.
 For the new album the first four songs and second four songs were switched to get "You're My Everything" in the outside groove of the L.P. to facilitate disc jockey play.
 So, for 50 years, the story the album tells has been garbled.
 In 1961 the album got new cover art, a new serial number (E3931), and an electronically simulated stereo release.
 Released again on compact disk with yet more bonus tracks, the album is in its fifth decade as a best seller.
 Joni James hopes for yet another release which will restore the original song order.
 Significantly, for her last M-G-M album, "Bossa Nova Style", Joni included new recordings of several songs from "Let There Be Love", including a new single of "You're Nearer."
 That album was arranged by Lew Douglas's protégé Chuck Sagle.
 This information comes from Wayne Brasler, longtime President of the Joni James International Fan Club and the writer of the album notes for all Joni James' CD releases.
Song to a Seagull (also known as Joni Mitchell) is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell.
 Produced by David Crosby, the album was recorded in 1967 at Sunset Sound and released in March 1968 by record label Reprise.
"Both Sides, Now" is a song by Joni Mitchell, and one of her best-known songs.
 First recorded by Judy Collins in 1967, it subsequently appeared on Mitchell's 1969 album "Clouds".
 She re-recorded the song in a lusher, orchestrated version for her 2000 album "Both Sides Now"; this version was subsequently featured on the soundtrack to the 2003 film "Love Actually" and was performed by Sara Bareilles during the 89th Academy Awards' "In Memoriam" homage.
Letters is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb, released in 1972 by Reprise Records.
Letters was a more sedate, piano-oriented album than its predecessors, and soaked in the influence of Webb's peer and eventual close friend Joni Mitchell.
 "I was tremendously influenced by Joni Mitchell," he admitted to Peter Doggett of Record Collector in 1994.
 "She was a good friend, and I was fortunate enough to be around her when she was working on For the Roses and Court and Spark.
 We were just part of each other's lives for a while.
 I definitely envied that part of her work -- the idea that this is just a conversation you're listening in on.
 It can still be poetry, but not self-conscious or forced poetry.
 I got extremely under her spell as a writer -- I still am.
 I used to go to the studio and listen to her record, sit quietly in the back of the control room.
 After the Beatles, Joni was the next big blip on my radar screen, in terms of, 'Hey, pay attention: this girl is doing something a little bit different.'"
 Mitchell's longtime engineer Henry Lewy also did some engineering work for Letters as well.
Steady On is the 1989 debut album by American singer-songwriter Shawn Colvin.
 In addition to launching Colvin's career the album won the award for Best Contemporary Folk Album at the 33rd Grammy Awards in February 1991. "
Allmusic" calls the album, "a must have for anyone who loves acoustic music created in the grand tradition of Joni Mitchell and James Taylor."
 Notable guest appearances include Suzanne Vega and Bruce Hornsby.
Dreamland is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell, released in 2004 by Rhino.
 The songs for the album were selected by the singer herself.
 The booklet contains an essay by Cameron Crowe on Mitchell's career and several paintings by Joni Mitchell.
 s of 2007 , the album has sold 78,000 copies in the US.
"Looking Through Patient Eyes" is a song by American hip hop/R&B group P.M. Dawn.
 It was released in March 1993 as the second single from their album "The Bliss Album…?
 (Vibrations of Love and Anger and the Ponderance of Life and Existence)".
 The song, written by P.M. Dawn's Attrell Cordes, features backing vocals by Cathy Dennis and samples "Father Figure" by George Michael.
 The line "Joni help me, I think I'm falling" is a reference to Canadian singer Joni Mitchell's song "Help Me"; she is also referenced in the group's previous single "Set Adrift on Memory Bliss."
Gary Burden is an American artist specializing in the field of album covers.
 He is considered as one of the pioneers of the concept of album cover art.
 In the 1960s and 1970s he designed covers for many rock stars, such as Mama Cass, Crosby Stills Nash and Young, Joni Mitchell, The Doors, The Eagles and Jackson Browne.
 He created album covers for Neil Young for 35 years.
 His works were nominated four times for the Grammy Awards.
 and in 2010, he won the 52nd Grammy Awards for Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Packaging for the Neil Young "The Archives Vol.
 1 1963–1972".
 The titles of creative director, art director and designer are mutually shared amongst Gary Burden, Jenice Heo and Neil Young who collaborated throughout the design process.
Drawn to All Things: The Songs of Joni Mitchell is a 2006 studio album by Ian Shaw, recorded in tribute to Joni Mitchell.
 This was Shaw's first album for Linn Records.
Both Sides Now is a concept album by Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell released in 2000.
 It is her seventeenth studio album.
 The album won two Grammy awards in 2001 for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album and Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s) for the song "Both Sides, Now".
