Annie Jacobsen is an American investigative journalist, author and 2016 Pulitzer Prize finalist in history.
 She was a contributing editor to the "Los Angeles Times Magazine" from 2009 until 2012.
 Jacobsen writes about war, weapons, security and secrets.
 Jacobsen is best known as the author of the 2011 nonfiction book "", which "The New York Times" called "cauldron-stirring."
James Stanger is a writer, technologist, security consultant, and open source advocate.
 He currently works at CompTIA, where he helps develop its certifications.
 He has worked closely in the open source movement with Jon "maddog" Hall, John H Terpstra, as well as with the Linux Professional Institute (LPI).
 He is best known as the author and editor of Information Technology books and manuals, and for creating Information Technology certifications.
 He was a contributing author of O'Reilly Media's "LPI Linux Certification in a Nutshell, 2nd Edition", and lead author of Eselvier Press's "How to Cheat at Securing Linux", and many others.
 He has also participated in the writing of the 3rd edition of O'Reilly's "LPI Linux Certification in a Nutshell".
L.K. Samuels (born December 7, 1951), also known as Lawrence Samuels, is an American author, classical liberal, and libertarian activist.
 He is best known as the editor and contributing author of "Facets of Liberty: A Libertarian Primer" and "In Defense of Chaos: The Chaology of Politics, Economics and Human Action."
 He coined the phrase "social chaology", which refers to the studies of complex, holistic, and self-organizing nature of society in relationship to the linear, predatory and "planned chaos" predispositions of government.
David France is an American investigative reporter, non-fiction author and filmmaker.
 He is a contributing editor for "New York" magazine, former "Newsweek" senior editor and published in magazines such as "The New Yorker", "The New York Times Magazine" and "GQ".
 France, who is gay, is best known for his investigative journalism on LGBT topics.
John W. Kindt, MBA, J.D., LL.M., SJD, is a gambling critic and a Professor of Business and Legal Policy at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
 Since 1990, Professor Kindt has probably been best known as one of the most well-published academics in issues relating to gambling.
 He has served as a senior editor, contributing author, and intermittent co-author of the "United States International Gambling Report" and "United States International Gaming Report" (also known as "U.S. Int’l Gambling Report").
 Kindt's academic research and publications contributed to the enactment of the 1996 U.S. National Gambling Impact Study Commission, the U.S. Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006, and various other Federal and state statutes.
Anna Lappé is an author and educator, known for her work as an expert on food systems and as a sustainable food advocate.
 The co-author or author of three books and the contributing author to over ten others, Anna's work has been widely translated internationally and featured in "The New York Times", "Gourmet", "O, The Oprah Magazine", "Domino", "Food & Wine", "Body+Soul", "Natural Health", "Utne Reader", and "Vibe", among other outlets.
 With her mother Frances Moore Lappé, Anna co-founded the Cambridge-based Small Planet Institute, an international network for research and popular education about the root causes of hunger and poverty.
 The Lappés are also co-founders of the Small Planet Fund, which has raised nearly $1 million for democratic social movements worldwide, two of which have won the Nobel Peace Prize since the Fund's founding in 2002.
 Anna's research on sustainable agriculture has taken her from Brooklyn to South Korea, China, Bangladesh, India, Poland, France, Italy, Mali, Kenya, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Brazil, Mexico, Canada, and beyond.
Bill Muter (born June 8, 1984) is an American tuba player, educator, author and composer from South Florida.
 Muter is arguably best known for his music technique book titled "A Practical Approach: Brass Pedagogy Book."
 In the month of its release, A Practical Approach was one of the bestselling books on Apple's iBookstore Music Book Charts, topping the Beatles Songbook and the popular Real Book.
 A Practical Approach has also been fully translated into Japanese.
 In 2012, Muter toured to all 47 prefectures in Japan promoting his book in association with Blast!
, Kyodo Tokyo and BrassTribe Magazine.
 Along with "A Practical Approach", Muter is also a contributing author of pedagogy materials to the International Tuba-Euphonium Association and has presented as a clinician and soloist at the ITEA Midwest Conference.
 Muter's works have also gained notoriety in Brass Musician Magazine and The New Times.
Todd Klick is an American author, screenwriter, director and producer based in Los Angeles.
 His book, "Something Startling Happens: The 120 Story Beats Every Writer Needs To Know" became a #1 bestseller on Amazon.com for Screenwriting and Writing Skills.
 It is also a bestseller for his publisher, Michael Wiese Publications.
 Klick is also the author of the eBook "The Screenwriter's Fairy: The Universal Story Within All Movie Stories (a very brief fable)", which has also been #1 on Amazon for Screenwriting., and is a contributing author for the #1 bestselling Tarcher-Penguin book, "Now Write!
 Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror: Speculative Genre Exercises from Today’s Best Writers and Teachers".
 Klick leads seminars at screenwriting conferences and symposiums and is a contributor to The Huffington Post and MovieMaker Magazine.
Dan Scalco is an entrepreneur and author from Fair Haven, New Jersey.
 He is best known as a contributing author for "Inc.
 Magazine", "Huffington Post", and "Entrepreneur", as well as the founder and CEO of Digitalux, a digital marketing agency.
Blurt is a music print magazine and online outlet originally based in Silver Spring, MD.
 The magazine was originally known as "Harp Magazine" for over 10 years, also based in Silver Spring, and was considered one of the best music magazines of the decade in the early 2000s.
 After "Harp" folded in March 2008 (at the behest of its parent company, which also owned JazzTimes, it declared bankruptcy), "Blurt" was founded by "Harp" owner Scott Crawford.
 Some of the main writers and editors for "Harp" also started "Blurt" with Crawford, including managing editor Fred Mills (of Asheville, NC, and also a contributing editor to "Stereophile", "Magnet" and other music industry publications and alternative weeklies), senior editor Randy Harward (also an editor for the Salt Lake City weekly paper), and senior editor Andy Tennille (a journalist and photographer, currently the photographer for Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers).
