The New Paul and Virginia, or Positivism on an Island is a satirical dystopian novel written by William Hurrell Mallock, and first published in 1878.
 It belongs to the wave of utopian and dystopian literature that characterized the later nineteenth century in both Great Britain and the United States.
Article 5 is a 2012 young adult dystopian novel by Kristen Simmons.
 The book was published in January 2012 by Tor Teen and is the first installment in a trilogy.
 The novel tells the story of Ember Miller and Chase Jennings, two teenagers who are on the run from the government in a post-War dystopian America.
 It was followed by two sequels titled Breaking Point and Three.
Chan Koonchung (born 1952) is a Chinese science-fiction writer who has previously lived in Hong Kong, Taiwan, and the United States.
 He currently lives in Beijing.
 He is the founder of Green Power (綠色力量), Green Garden Organic Farm (綠田園有機農場) and the Hong Kong Film Directors Association (香港電影導演會) among other organizations, and is currently on the international board of directors of Greenpeace.
 Previously, he worked as a reporter for the Hong Kong tabloid, The Star.
 In 1976 he co-founded City Magazine (號外) with Qiu Shiwen and Deng Xiaoyu and Hu Junyi.
 In the 1990s he worked as an overseas publisher for the mainland literary journal Dushu (读书）, published by the China Publishing Group (中国出版集团) and Life, Reading, and Innovation Bookstore (生活读书新知三联书店).
 In 1991 he played the role of Professor Liu Yuebai in Yan Hao and Xu Ke's adaptation of Ah Cheng's 1984 novel, The Chess Master.
 His dystopian novel "The Fat Years" (2009) was published in English by Doubleday in 2011.
Fever is a 2013 young-adult dystopian novel written by Lauren DeStefano.
 It was published on February 12.
 2012, by Simon & Schuster Book's For Young Readers.
 It takes place in a dystopian future where scientists have created a generation of perfect humans, who suffer from no illnesses or disorders.
 However, an unforeseen virus derived from the cure plagues the children and the grandchildren of the perfection generation and kills females at age 20 and males at age 25.
 This leads to a dramatic crisis in the population with the young dying and the perfect generation reaching old age, and a race to create a cure.
 It is the second book of "The Chemical Garden Trilogy".
 The first book, "Wither", was released in March 2011.
 The third and final book, "Sever", was released in December 2013.
The Scarlet Empire is a dystopian novel written by David MacLean Parry, a political satire first published in 1906.
 The book was one item in the major wave of utopian and dystopian literature that characterized the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
The dystopian novel "The Guardians" (German title: "Die Wächter") is a piece of work by the English author John Christopher.
 He portrays the fate of Rob Randalls, a boy living in a two-class society.
Love in the Fog of the Future.
 The story of a romance in the year 4560 (Russian: Любовь в тумане будущего.
 История одного романа в 4560 году) is a dystopian novel and the only known book by the Russian writer Andrei Marsov, published in either 1923 or 1924.
 It is set in the distant future and has been compared to "We" by Yevgeny Zamyatin, which is also a dystopian love story and was written just a few years earlier in 1921 (though published in 1924).
Nineteen Eighty-Four, often published as 1984, is a dystopian novel published in 1949 by English author George Orwell.
The Wanting Seed is a dystopian novel by the English author Anthony Burgess, written in 1962.
Masha, or the Fourth Reich is a dystopian novel by Lithuanian/Ukrainian author Jaroslav Melnik.
 Published in 2013 in Lithuanian (as ‘Maša, arba Postfašizmas’) by the largest publishing house company group in the Baltic states Alma littera, it was shortlisted for the Book of the Year Awards.
 18 reviews have been published about this novel.
 Critics call this thriller ‘a shocking book that can be a bestseller in Western countries’.
 ‘In this book the author fulfilled Hitler's dream’.
 In 2016 the novel was published in Ukraine and became a bestseller (BBC Book of the Year Award shortlist) .
