Cross Island Parkway, also known as the 100th Infantry Division Parkway, is a parkway on Long Island, New York.
 The parkway is a part of the Belt Parkway system that runs along the perimeter of the boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn in New York City.
 The Cross Island Parkway runs 10.6 mi from the Whitestone Expressway (Interstate 678 or I-678) in Whitestone past the Throgs Neck Bridge, along and across the border of Queens and Nassau County to meet up with the Southern State Parkway.
 The road is designated as New York State Route 907A (NY 907A), an unsigned reference route.
The Heckscher State Parkway (formerly known as the Heckscher Spur) is an 8.24 mi parkway on Long Island, New York, in the United States.
 The parkway, located entirely within the Suffolk County town of Islip, begins at the south end of the Sagtikos State Parkway in West Islip, from where it continues west as the Southern State Parkway.
 It proceeds east as a six-lane parkway through Brentwood and Central Islip, loosely paralleling New York State Route 27 (NY 27).
 At Islip Terrace, the Heckscher Parkway turns southward, crossing NY 27 before ending at the toll barrier for Heckscher State Park in Great River.
 The parkway comprises the eastern portion of New York State Route 908M (NY 908M), an unsigned reference route, with the Southern State Parkway occupying the western section.
 In order to avoid confusion, the highway is signed as an extension of the Southern State Parkway west of the NY 27 interchange (exit 44).
The Meadowbrook State Parkway (also known as the Meadowbrook, the Meadowbrook Parkway or the MSP) is a 12.52 mi parkway in Nassau County, New York, in the United States.
 Its southern terminus is at a full cloverleaf interchange with the Bay and Ocean parkways in Jones Beach State Park.
 The parkway heads north, crossing South Oyster Bay and intersecting Loop Parkway before crossing onto the mainland and connecting to the Southern State Parkway in North Merrick.
 It continues north to the village of Carle Place, where the Meadowbrook Parkway ends at exit 31A of the Northern State Parkway.
 The Meadowbrook Parkway is designated New York State Route 908E (NY 908E), an unsigned reference route.
 Most of the road is limited to non-commercial traffic, like most parkways in the state of New York; however, the portion south of Merrick Road is open to commercial traffic.
The Merritt Parkway (also known locally as "The Merritt") is a historic limited-access parkway in Fairfield County, Connecticut, the first of its kind.
 Designed for Connecticut's Gold Coast, the parkway is known for its scenic layout, its uniquely styled signage, and the architecturally elaborate overpasses along the route.
 It is designated as a National Scenic Byway and is also listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Signed as part of Route 15, it runs from the New York state line in Greenwich, where it serves as the continuation of the Hutchinson River Parkway, to the Housatonic River in Stratford, where the Wilbur Cross Parkway begins.
 Facing bitter opposition, the project took six years to build in three different sections, with the Connecticut Department of Transportation constantly requiring additional funding due to the area's high property value.
 The parkway was named for U.S. Congressman Schuyler Merritt.
 On May 19, 2010, the Merritt Parkway was named one of America's Most Endangered Historic Places.
The Sunken Meadow State Parkway (also known as the Sunken Meadow) is a 6.19 mi long parkway in Suffolk County, Long Island, New York.
 Located entirely within the town of Smithtown, the parkway begins at a cloverleaf interchange with the Northern State Parkway (exits 44–45) and the northern terminus of the Sagtikos State Parkway.
 The parkway, which continues north, is a northern spur of the Sagtikos, which opened in September 1952.
 The northern end of the parkway is at the toll barrier in exit SM5 in the Kings Park section of Smithtown.
 From there, the road continues north through Sunken Meadow State Park to a roundabout at the Long Island Sound.
 The parkway comprises the northern half of New York State Route 908K (NY 908K, an unsigned reference route), with the Sagtikos State Parkway forming the southern portion.
 Commercial vehicles are, like on most parkways, prohibited from using the Sunken Meadow, except for a portion north of NY 25A in Kings Park.
The Southern State Parkway (also known as the Southern State or Southern Parkway) is a 25.53 mi limited-access highway on Long Island, New York, in the United States.
 The parkway begins at an interchange with the Belt and Cross Island parkways in Elmont, in Nassau County, and travels east to an interchange with the Sagtikos State Parkway in West Islip, Suffolk County, where it becomes the Heckscher State Parkway.
 The Southern State Parkway comprises the western portion of unsigned New York State Route 908M (NY 908M), with the Heckscher Parkway occupying the eastern section.
The Sagtikos State Parkway, also known as the Sagtikos or Sagtikos Parkway, known colloquially as "the Sag" is a 5.14 mi north–south limited-access parkway in Suffolk County on Long Island, New York, in the United States.
 It begins at an interchange with the Southern and Heckscher state parkways in the hamlet of West Islip and goes north to a large cloverleaf interchange with the Northern State Parkway in the town of Smithtown, where the Sagtikos ends and the road becomes the Sunken Meadow State Parkway.
 The parkway comprises the southern half of New York State Route 908K (NY 908K), an unsigned reference route, with the Sunken Meadow State Parkway forming the northern portion.
 Commercial vehicles are prohibited from using the Sagtikos State Parkway, a restriction that applies to most parkways in the state.
The Bronx and Pelham Parkway (usually referred to simply as Pelham Parkway) is a 2.25-mile (3.62 km) long parkway in the borough of the Bronx in New York City.
 Despite the parkway moniker, Pelham Parkway is a local street, with two main roadways (one in each direction), and two service roads.
 Like other parkways in New York City, commercial traffic is disallowed, and is redirected to the service roads.
 Pelham Parkway runs from the Bronx River Parkway (at a mutual junction with U.S. Route 1 or US 1 within Bronx Park) out to Pelham Bay Park, hence the name, as it connects the two parks.
 A bikeway runs alongside.
 At the eastern end, it intersects with Interstate 95 (I-95, named the New England Thruway at this point).
 Though the parkway ends here, the road itself continues as Shore Road.
 At its west end, it continues as East Fordham Road, then West Fordham Road (after passing Jerome Avenue) and in Manhattan as West 207th Street.
 The residential neighborhood that surrounds the parkway is known by the same name.
The Northern State Parkway (also known as the Northern State or Northern Parkway) is a 28.88 mi limited-access state parkway on Long Island in the U.S. state of New York.
 The western terminus is at the Queens–Nassau County line, where the parkway continues westward into New York City as the Grand Central Parkway.
 The eastern terminus is at New York State Route 347 (NY 347) and NY 454 in Hauppauge.
 The parkway is designated New York State Route 908G (NY 908G), an unsigned reference route.
 As its name implies, the parkway services communities along the northern half of the island.
State Route 6 (SR 6) is a 72.1 mi state highway that travels northwest-to-southeast in the U.S. state of Georgia.
 It is known as Jimmy Lee Smith Parkway, Jimmy Campbell Parkway, Nathan Dean Parkway, and Wendy Bagwell Parkway in Paulding County; C.H. James Parkway in Cobb County; Thornton Road in Douglas County; and Camp Creek Parkway and honorarily as Tuskegee Airmen Parkway in Fulton and Clayton counties.
 It begins at the Alabama state line, where it is concurrent with US 278.
 Here, US 278 enters Alabama, concurrent with the unsigned state highway SR 74.
 Its eastern terminus is at an interchange with Interstate 85 (I-85) west of the Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport.
