The American Mercury was an American magazine published from 1924 to 1981.
 It was founded as the brainchild of H. L. Mencken and drama critic George Jean Nathan.
 The magazine featured writing by some of the most important writers in the United States through the 1920s and 1930s.
 After a change in ownership in the 1940s, the magazine attracted conservative writers.
 A second change in ownership a decade later turned the magazine into a virulently anti-Semitic publication.
 It was published monthly in New York City.
 The magazine went out of business in 1981, having spent the last 25 years of its existence in decline and controversy.
"Billboard" Year-End charts are a cumulative measure of a single or album's performance in the United States, based upon the "Billboard" magazine charts during any given chart year.
 "Billboard's" "chart year" runs from the first Billboard "week" of December to the final week in November, but because the Billboard week is dated in advance of publication, the last calendar week for which sales are counted is usually the third week in November.
 This altered calendar allows for "Billboard" to calculate year-end charts and release them in time for its final print issue in the last week of December.
 Prior to incorporating chart data from Nielsen SoundScan (from 1991), year-end charts were calculated by an inverse-point system based solely on a title's performance (for example a single appearing on the "Billboard" Hot 100 would be given one point for a week spent at position 100, two points for a week spent at position ninety-nine, and so forth, up to 100 points for each week spent at number one).
 Other factors including the total weeks a song spent on the chart and at its peak position were calculated into its year-end total.
 The same method was used for albums based on the "Billboard" 200, and songs appearing on the other charts (e.g. Hot Country Singles).
The "St Vincent"-class battleships were a group of three dreadnought battleships built for the Royal Navy in the first decade of the 20th century.
 The sister ships spent their entire careers assigned to the Home and Grand Fleets. Aside from participating in the Battle of Jutland in May 1916 and the inconclusive Action of 19 August several months later, their service during the First World War generally consisted of routine patrols and training in the North Sea.
 "Vanguard" was destroyed in 1917 by a magazine explosion with the near total loss of her crew.
 The remaining pair were obsolete by the end of the war in 1918, and spent their remaining time either in reserve or as training ships before being sold for scrap in the early 1920s.
Michael "Mike" Babcock Jr. (born April 29, 1963) is a Canadian professional ice hockey head coach, currently serving as head coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He previously spent 10 seasons as head coach of the Detroit Red Wings, winning the Stanley Cup with them in 2008 and helping them to the Stanley Cup Playoffs every year during his tenure.
 He holds the record as the coach with the most wins in Red Wings history, surpassing that of Jack Adams.
 He has also served as head coach of the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, whom he helped to the 2003 Stanley Cup Finals.
Psycho Circus World Tour was a Kiss concert tour in 1998–2000.
 It was the first concert tour in history to have 3-D visual effects.
 The Smashing Pumpkins opened at the Dodger Stadium show only, in costume as The Beatles for the Halloween night performance.
 The Dodger Stadium show was streamed live on the internet as well as a radio broadcast.
 Two songs, "Psycho Circus" and "Shout It Out Loud", were screened live on Fox television as part of the "Kiss Live: The Ultimate Halloween Party" special.
 The vast majority of songs in the setlist were played on the previous Alive/Worldwide concert dates, leading to some frustration from fans expecting the return of classic songs not played on the previous tour.
 Peter Criss was quoted in Metal Edge magazine at the time as wanting to add "Parasite" to the setlist.
 The tour was initially hyped as having circus-style acts as pre-show entertainment.
 This ultimately happened only at the first concert at Dodger Stadium.
 Peter Criss later said that it didn't work out because the circus performers wanted equal billing and that some had even wanted to use KISS' backstage dressing room.
 "2,000 Man" was played to bring in the new Millennium at the 1999/2000 New Year's Eve show at Vancouver, advertised at the time as being recorded for Alive IV.
 The Vancouver show was also notable as being the first time the original members had played non-original band era material live in concert – "I Love It Loud", "Lick It Up" and "Heaven's on Fire" were added to the setlist and subsequently played on the Farewell Tour.
 "Forever" was listed on concert setlists at the Vancouver show but was not played.
 It was thought at the time it may have been intended as a Paul Stanley solo version prior to "Black Diamond".
 One notable show on the tour was the March 12 Bremen, Germany, show.
 After the opening song, Paul Stanley announced that the local fire marshall had banned Kiss from using any pyrotechnics during the show.
 They used a translator on stage to let the crowd understand exactly what Stanley was saying.
 At the end of the performance, the band ignited all of the pyrotechnics at once; as a result, they were banned from performing in Bremen.
 Ticket sales for this tour were notably slower than the previous Reunion Tour, with many of the smaller market shows underselling and a second North American leg for the summer of 1999 cancelled all together, the band ultimatly decided on embarking on a Farewell tour in the new millennium.
Stanley Bing is the pen name of Gil Schwartz (born May 20, 1951 in New York, NY), a business humorist and novelist.
 He has written a column for "Fortune" magazine for more than twenty years, after having spent a decade at "Esquire".
 He is the author of thirteen books including "What Would Machiavelli Do?"
 and "The Curriculum", a satirical textbook for a business school that also offers lessons on the Web.
 Schwartz is the senior executive vice president of corporate communications and Chief Communications Officer for CBS.
Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum (lit.
 "My Brother is a Hoodlum") is a Filipino drama series developed for TV5 created by Deo J. Fajardo.
 It stars JC de Vera and Jasmine Curtis-Smith.
 It is a remake of the original movie where Robin Padilla played the role of Ben, a hoodlum, and Vina Morales, as Bing.
 The movie was first released in 1991, then a sequel entitled "Miss na Miss Kita: Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum 2" was made the following year.
 It is produced by Vic Del Rosario Jr., and Manuel V. Pangilinan and it also marks as the first primetime series produced by Viva Television for TV5 after a decade.
Germaine Dulac (] ; born Charlotte Elisabeth Germaine Saisset-Schneider; 17 November 1882 – 20 July 1942) was a French filmmaker, film theorist, journalist and critic.
 She was born in Amiens and moved to Paris in early childhood.
 A few years after her marriage she embarked on a journalistic career in a feminist magazine, and later became interested in film.
 With the help of her husband and friend she founded a film company and directed a few commercial works before slowly moving into Impressionist and Surrealist territory.
 She is best known today for her Impressionist film, "La Souriante Madame Beudet" ("The Smiling Madam Beudet", 1922/23), and her Surrealist experiment, "La Coquille et le Clergyman" ("The Seashell and the Clergyman", 1928).
 Her career as filmmaker suffered after the introduction of sound film and she spent the last decade of her life working on newsreels for Pathé and Gaumont.
Freebie and the Bean is a 1974 American action-comedy film about two off-beat police detectives who wreak havoc in San Francisco attempting to bring down a local organized crime boss.
 The picture, a precursor to the buddy cop film genre popularized a decade later, stars James Caan, Alan Arkin, Loretta Swit and Valerie Harper.
 Harper was nominated for the Golden Globe for New Star of the Year for playing the Hispanic wife of Alan Arkin.
 The film was directed by Richard Rush.
 An article in Rolling Stone magazine alleged that Stanley Kubrick called "Freebie and the Bean" the best film of 1974.
 Arkin and Caan would not appear in another movie together until the 2008 film adaptation of "Get Smart".
Benjamin Franklin Reinhart (1829 – May 3, 1885) was an American painter born near Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, known for his genre, historical, and portrait paintings. From 1847 to 1850 he studied at the National Academy of Design in New York, spending his summers in Hayesville, Ohio.
 He studied art abroad in Rome, Paris and Düsseldorf for three years (1850 to 1853), traveling throughout the American midwest upon his return producing historical paintings and portraits.
 From 1859 to 1861 he worked in New Orleans, Louisiana, and then spent his time in London, England, during the American Civil War where he became known for his genre and religious paintings.
 In the late 1860s he returned to the United States where he lived in Kentucky, spending the following decade living in New York City where he held several exhibits at The National Academy.
 He died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1885.
 Reinhart was also the uncle of artist Charles Stanley Reinhart.
