His Own Home Town is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Larry Evans.
 The film stars Charles Ray, Katherine MacDonald, Charles K. French, Otto Hoffman, Andrew Arbuckle, and Karl Formes.
 The film was released on May 27, 1918, by Paramount Pictures.
Lee Corner is an historic part of Old Town Alexandria, Virginia, at the intersection of North Washington and Oronoco Street.
 The corner is named after the Lee family, who once owned almost every property on the intersection.
 After the American Revolution, Alexandria, already known as "Washington's Home Town", also became known as the "Home Town of the Lees".
Pedro Maquiling Trinidad, Jr. (born October 6, 1943), also known as Pete was the class valedictorian of Tigao Elementary 1954.
 He was sent to Sacred Heart Seminary in Manila, Philippines at the age of 10 in 1954 to join the congregation.
 There he finished high school and took up college courses.
 He finished AB-English Language at the age of 21 in 1965.
 After earning a degree he went back to his home town and ran for the position of Sangguniang Bayan (SB member).
 He was fortunate to be elected as one of the SB members of Cortes.
 However, he faced conflicts with other politicians.
 In the late 1965, he went back to Manila.
 There he decided to study again and took up AB-Philosophy in Ateneo de Manila University and graduated in 1967.
 He returned to his home town after graduation and worked in the Local Government of Cortes as the Municipal Planning Development Coordinator.
 In May 25, 1985, he was married to Edna J. Esplana.
 He had three children, namely, Peter Neil, Mario Gemmo, and Lady Marie.
 His 25 years of work in Cortes was not the end of his service to his home town.
 In June 2005, he ran in the government and was elected as the Municipal Mayor of Cortes.
 As a current mayor, he is active in marine conservation.
 He held talks inside and outside the country regarding marine life and implemented strict rules to protect the rich marine diodiversity in Cortes.
Dionisii Donchev (Bulgarian: Дионисий Дончев ) (born April 9, 1935) is one of the prominent Bulgarian fine artists.
 Honorary citizen of his home town of Pleven, Bulgaria, where he still lives and works.
 He graduated from the National Academy of Arts in Sofia in professor Ilia Petrov's class.
 He took active part in the creation of the famous epic art project in his home town of Pleven - 'Parorama' in 1977.
 He has accumulated more than half a century of experience in the creation of portraits, landscapes, compositions, nudes and still life.
 His favorite medium is oil on canvas.
 His artwork has enjoyed presence in galleries and private collections in Bulgaria and abroad.
Sadie Macdonald (3 July 1886 – 12 May 1966) was a New Zealand nurse and community leader.
 She was born in Gulgong, New South Wales, Australia on 3 July 1886.
The Municipality of Erskineville was a local government area of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
 The municipality was proclaimed as the "Municipal District of Macdonald Town" on 23 May 1872 and, with an area of 0.8 square kilometres, was one of the smallest local government areas in Sydney and included the modern suburb of Erskineville, part of Eveleigh and the locality of Macdonaldtown.
 The council was amalgamated, along with most of its neighbours, with the City of Sydney to the north with the passing of the "Local Government (Areas) Act 1948".
 From 1968 to 1982 and from 1989 to 2004, the area was part of the South Sydney councils, with the former Town Hall serving as its council chambers.
Home Town Hero is the debut studio album by American rock band Home Town Hero.
 The band attracted the attention of Maverick Records during the Van's Warped Tour, and heavily promoted by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 Their single "Questions" received significant airplay in major American radio markets.
 "Questions" was also included in videogame soundtrack for "Legends of Wrestling II".
"Job History" is part of a short story series, "" by Annie Proulx.
 It takes place in then author's home town of Cora, Wyoming.
 then story follows then life of then main character Leeland Lee and his unsuccessful attempts to find a successful career.
 then occasional mention of then radio news report throughout then story relates to Leelands struggles and disappointment.
 His lack of education and unavailability of jobs in his home town makes life very difficult for him so he moves various times to seek occupation.
 His determination is commendable but in then end his efforts are futile as he lives his life in discontent.
Bring Me a Letter from My Old Home Town is a World War I era ballad song released in 1918.
 A.G. Delamater wrote the lyrics.
 Will R. Anderson composed the music.
 The song was published by M. Witmark & Sons in New York, New York.
 On the cover is a group of "greater Vitagraph players" sitting around a table, writing letters.
 Behind them is a service flag with a red border and one blue star.
 It was written for both voice and piano.
 The song opens with a wounded soldier laying on a cot.
 He tells a nurse that the only thing that will cure his homesickness is hearing from his "old home town".
 The chorus is as follows:
Frankie MacDonald (born April 24, 1984) is a Canadian amateur weatherman from the Whitney Pier area of Sydney, Nova Scotia.
 MacDonald, who is autistic, is known for his boisterous online weather forecasts.
 He posts the videos to his YouTube channel (dogsandwolves), where they have received more than 10 million views.
 He also maintains a Twitter account and blog.
 Weather reports MacDonald has produced include warnings for his home province of Nova Scotia, a snowstorm in Winnipeg, heavy rainfall in Vancouver, a storm in Minnesota, New York, Australia, and Bermuda during Hurricane Gonzalo of 2014.
 He also accurately predicted that an earthquake of above magnitude 7 would occur in New Zealand in November 2016.
