Marco d'Almeida is a Mozambique-born Portuguese actor born on April 27, 1975.
 He was the male star in "Beauty and the Paparazzo", the highest-grossing Portuguese film in 2010.
Funny Face is a 1957 American musical romantic comedy film directed by Stanley Donen and written by Leonard Gershe, containing assorted songs by George and Ira Gershwin.
 Although having the same title as the 1927 Broadway musical "Funny Face" by the Gershwin brothers, and featuring the same male star (Fred Astaire), the plot is totally different and only four of the songs from the stage musical are included.
 Alongside Astaire, the film stars Audrey Hepburn and Kay Thompson.
Ahmed Zaki Metwally Badawi (Arabic:احمد زكي متولى بدوى‎ ) (November 18, 1949 – March 27, 2005) was a leading Egyptian film star.
 He was characterized by his talent, skill and ability in impersonating.
 He was also famous for his on-screen intensity, often genuinely hitting co-stars during scenes of violence.
 He is widely regarded as the greatest and most talented male star in the history of Arabian cinema.
Hikoboshi (彦星 , Male Star ) is the Japanese name for the star Altair, also known as Natsuhikoboshi (夏彦星 , Summer Male Star ) or Kengyūsei (牽牛星 , Cow Herder Star ) in Japanese.
The Soap Opera Digest Award for Hottest Male Star has been given every year since the ninth Soap Opera Digest Award in 1993 until 1999.
Mandingo Massacre is a pornographic film series, directed by Jules Jordan and featuring Mandingo as the solitary male star.
Moonstruck is a 1987 American romantic comedy film directed by Norman Jewison and written by John Patrick Shanley.
 It is about a widowed 37-year-old Italian-American woman (Cher) who falls in love with her fiancé's (Danny Aiello) estranged, hot-tempered younger brother (Nicolas Cage).
 Vincent Gardenia and Olympia Dukakis play supporting roles.
Charlie O'Connell (May 7, 1935 – February 9, 2015) was a New York City roller derby skater, considered the premier male star of his sport.
 He was inducted into the Roller Derby Hall of Fame in 1967, after his first retirement.
Mfundo Morrison (born September 5, 1974 in Rome, Georgia) is an American actor, voice over artist and filmmaker.
 He portrayed Quartermaine family member Justus Ward on the multi Emmy award winning hit show "General Hospital".
 He had a reoccurring role on the multi award winning "Closer" playing FBI Agent Wayne Horlacher.
 He has starred in multiple films and theatre productions to critical acclaim.
 Morrison was voted "General Hospital"s sexiest male star, Ebony magazine hottest bachelor.
 He is also an Emmy nominated voice over artist.
 He started his own production company and has several projects in development, he also creates content for all media.
A Star Is Born is a 1976 American musical drama film telling the story of a young woman, played by Barbra Streisand, who enters show business, and meets and falls in love with an established male star, played by Kris Kristofferson, only to find her career ascending while his goes into decline.
 It is a remake of two earlier versions – the 1937 version was a drama starring Janet Gaynor and Fredric March, and the 1954 version was a musical starring Judy Garland and James Mason.
 It will be remade for a third time in 2018 starring Stefani Germanotta and Bradley Cooper.
