The Keo Commercial Historic District encompasses a cluster of commercial and industrial buildings that make up the economic center of the small city of Keo, Arkansas.
 The district includes a two-block section of Main Street, anchored at its southern end by the Cobb Cotton Gin complex, and on the north by Arkansas Highway 232, where it extends a short way in both directions.
 The community grew around the Cotten Belt Railroad line, which Main Street was laid out just west of.
 The cotton gin complex has its origins in 1906, as a means for local farmers to process their cotton and send it on to market via the railroad.
Strid is a Norwegian black metal band that was originally known as "Malfeitor" from 1991 to 1992.
 After releasing two demos - "Malfeitor" (in 1991) and "Pandemonium" (in 1992), they changed their name to "Battle" and there were some line up changes at the time.
 In the year of 1992 the band released the "End of Life" demo.
 The demo contains only one song which is around 11 minutes.
 The line up at the time of recording the demo was: Storm - on bass and vocals, Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm - on guitars and Jardar - on drums.
 The guitars were written by Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm (1974 - 2014).
 In 1993 the band changed the name to "Strid" which means "Battle" in Norwegian.
 That same year, Strid re-released their "End of Life" demo under their new name, through the German label "Malicious Records".
 After releasing the "End of life" demo, Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm left the band and was replaced by Ravn Harjar.
 Through the years between 1993 and 1995, the band writes and records the self-titled EP which was released through Malicious Records and contains only two songs - "Det hviskes blant sorte vinder" which means "It Is Whispered Amid the Black Winds" in Norwegian and "Nattevandring" which means "Nightwandering" in Norwegian.
 The music style and sound of this demo is more ambient/atmospheric black metal oriented.
 Mainly because of this release, the band is commonly recognised as the creators of depressive black metal along with some other bands from the second wave of black metal music.
 At this time the band line up contains: Ravn Harjar - on guitars, Storm - on bass and vocals and Jardar - on drums.
 After the releasing of the self-titled EP, there was no any official releases by the band.
 There are also bootleg releases that came out through the years like the CD from 2005 by Ars Mysteriorum and LP, each featuring both "End of Life" and the self - titled EP tracks.
 In the year of 2001 the original former member of "Malfeitor/Battle/Strid", bass player and vocalist - Storm committed suicide.
 In the year of 2007, the Greek label Kyrck Productions & Armour re-released all the previous material released by the band from the past which contains all "Malfeitor/Battle/Strid" material.
 Somewhere between 2009 and 2010 there was a reunion of the band with old members including Vicotnik (Dødheimsgard, ex-Aphrodisiac, ex-Ved Buens Ende, ex-Manes, ex-Code, ex-Naer Mataron, ex-Endwarfment).
 Another member that was part of the reunion was Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm - the main composer of the "End of Life" track.
 In 2014 Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm died.
 At this time the band line up contains Ravn Harjar - on guitars and vocals, Vicotnik - on bass and Sigmund (ex-Inflabitan, ex-Dødheimsgard) - on guitars.
 In January 2015, Ravn Harjar wrote a statement on the official Strid Facebook page that in the autumn of the year 2015 the band will start recording their first full-length album which will be titled "Endetid".
 That means "End of times" in Norwegian.
The Battle of Nablus took place, together with the Battle of Sharon during the set piece Battle of Megiddo between 19 and 25 September 1918 in the last months of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of the First World War.
 Fighting took place in the Judean Hills where the British Empire's XX Corps attacked the Ottoman Empire's Yildirim Army Group's Seventh Army defending their line in front of Nablus.
 This battle was also fought on the right flank in the Jordan Valley, where Chaytor's Force attacked and captured the Jordan River crossings, before attacking the Fourth Army at Es Salt and Amman capturing many thousands of prisoners and extensive territory.
 The Battle of Nablus began half a day after the main Battle of Sharon, which was fought on the Mediterranean section of the front line where the XXI Corps attacked the Eighth Army defending the line in front of Tulkarm and Tabsor and the Desert Mounted Corps which rode north to capture the Esdrealon Plain.
 Together these two battles, known as the Battle of Megiddo, began the Final Offensive of the war in the Sinai and Palestine campaign.
Kwai Hing () is an area of Kwai Chung Town, Hong Kong.
 The mainly residential area extends to North Kwai Chung in the north and east, Kwai Fong in the south, and Kwai Chung Estate to the west.
 It is part of the reclamation of Gin Drinkers Bay in 1960s.
 It is administrated by Kwai Tsing District Council.
 It is named after Kwai Hing Estate, a public housing estate in Kwai Chung.
Gin Drinkers Bay () or Gin Drinker's Bay, also known as Lap Sap Wan (), was a bay in Kwai Chung, Hong Kong.
In naval warfare, the line of battle is a tactic in which a naval fleet of ships forms a line end to end.
 Its first use is disputed, variously claimed for dates ranging from 1502 to 1652, with line-of-battle tactics in widespread use by 1675.
Kwai Fong () is an area of Kwai Chung Town, Kwai Tsing District, Hong Kong.
 The mainly residential area extends to Kwai Hing (葵興) in the north, Lai King in the south, Tsing Yi Bridge to the west, and Tai Lin Pai Industrial Area to the east.
 It is part of the reclamation of Gin Drinkers Bay in 1960s.
Kwai Chung Incineration Plant () was one of four incineration plants in Hong Kong.
 The plant was built on a 1.4 ha of reclaimed land along Gin Drinkers Bay, Kwai Chung, near Pillar Island and the Rambler Channel.
The Battle of Red Cliffs, otherwise known as the Battle of Chibi, was a decisive battle fought at the end of the Han dynasty, about twelve years prior to the beginning of the Three Kingdoms period in Chinese history.
 It was fought in the winter of AD 208/9 between the allied forces of the southern warlords Liu Bei and Sun Quan and the numerically superior forces of the northern warlord Cao Cao.
 Liu Bei and Sun Quan successfully frustrated Cao Cao's effort to conquer the land south of the Yangtze River and reunite the territory of the Eastern Han dynasty.
 The allied victory at Red Cliffs ensured the survival of Liu Bei and Sun Quan, gave them control of the Yangtze , and provided a line of defence that was the basis for the later creation of the two southern states of Shu Han and Eastern Wu.
 The battle has been called the largest naval battle in history in terms of numbers involved.
The Gin Drinkers Line () or Gin Drinkers' Line was a British military defensive line against the Japanese invasion of Hong Kong during the Battle of Hong Kong in December 1941, part of the Pacific War.
