S. T. Adityan (27 May 1904 – 1981) was an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu belonging to Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party.
 A native of Kayamozhi, he was born in Perumalpuram in Tirunelveli district.
 He studied in England and was a lawyer by profession.
 He married Govindammal in 1933, who was the daughter of a very wealthy businessmen in Singapore, and with that wealth he managed to establish the Sun Paper Mills after returning to India.
 He began his life as a newspaper artist.
 He was imprisoned for four months in 1941 during Independence movement.
 He also participated actively in temple entry movement.
 He served as a director of Sun Paper Mill Ltd from 1961.
 He was lawyer by profession and served as an Advocate in Supreme Court of India.
 He served as the member of Central Legislative assembly between 1945-1947.
 He also served as a member of Tamil Nadu legislative assembly between 1952-1957.
 He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Indian National Congress candidate from Tiruchendur constituency in 1952 election.
 He was one of the two elected members from that constituency, the other being V. Arumugam (Indian politician) from Kisan Mazdoor Praja Party.
 He also served as a member of Tamil Nadu legislative council between 1958–1964 and 1967-1971.
The Australian Labor Party (New South Wales Branch), also known as NSW Labor, is the New South Wales branch of the Australian Labor Party.
 The parliamentary leader is elected from and by the members of the party caucus, comprising all party members in the Legislative Assembly and Legislative Council.
 The party factions have a strong influence on the election of the leader.
 The leader's position is dependent on the continuing support of the caucus (and party factions) and the leader may be deposed by failing to win a vote of confidence of parliamentary members.
 By convention, the premier sits in the Legislative Assembly, and is the leader of the party controlling a majority in that house.
 The party leader also typically is a member of the Assembly, though this is not a strict party constitutional requirement.
 Barrie Unsworth, for example, was elected party leader while a member of the Legislative Council.
 He then transferred to the Assembly by winning a seat at a by-election.
Speaker of the Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly is the presiding officer of the Legislative Assembly of Chhattisgarh, the main law-making body for the Indian state of Chhattisgarh.
 He is elected by the members of the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
 The speaker is always a member of the Legislative Assembly.
The Executive Council of Alberta, or more commonly the Cabinet of Alberta, is the Province of Alberta's equivalent to the Cabinet of Canada.
 The government of the province of Alberta is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy with a unicameral legislature—the Legislative Assembly, which consists of 87 members elected first past the post (FPTP) from single-member constituencies.
 The premier is normally a member of the Legislative Assembly, and usually draws the members of Cabinet from among the members of the Legislative Assembly.
 The legislative powers in the province however, lie with the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
 Its government resembles that of the other Canadian provinces.
 The capital of the province is Edmonton, where the Alberta Legislative Building is located.
 Government is conducted after the Westminster model.
D. Ramasamy is an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.
 He joined the congress under the then mass leader K. Kamaraj.
 He rose to power steadily being the Vellakovil Panchayat board president for a period of 10 yrs and then the union chairman for 15 yrs and member of Legislative Assembly 5 times.
 When the Congress split in Tamil Nadu he joined the NCO under K. Kamaraj.
 After Kamaraj's sudden demise he, along with G. Moopanar, pulled the party together and merged it with Indira Congress.
 But in spite of this he was denied an electoral seat in 1980.
 So he contested as an Independent candidate.
 This was when Dr. MGR (then chief minister) invited him to his party.
 So he joined AIADMK and won the elections in 1980 and 1984.
 In 1989 he was one of the 28 MLA's of ADMK (JL) He was one who pulled the now chief minister of Tamil Nadu J. Jayalalitha out of the Assembly when the DMK members assaulted the opposition parties.
 In 1991 he was again elected from Vellakovil constituency and became the Minister for Rural Industries.
 But due to widespread Anti-incumbency wave he lost the election.
 In 2001 he was again denied an electoral seat from AIADMk so he contested as an independent candidate but lost the election as ADMK members were pumping in money for votes.
 But he still garnered a lead of 13000 votes in Vellakovil union but whereas the votes in Mulanur union pulled him down and he lost by 1500 votes.
 He was the only minister of the ADMK government 1991-1996 not to have been arrested under any corruption charges.
 He is a very straightforward man who is against corruption.
 He founded his own party and more than 35000 people enrolled in his party.
 He then again joined ADMK in 2010 and is now retired from active politics.
 Most political readers suggest his downfall was mainly due to him being straightforward and not bending.
 He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Indian National Congress candidate from Vellakoil constituency in 1977 election, and as an Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate in 1980, 1984 and 1991 elections and as an Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (Jayalalitha) candidate in 1989 election.
Ho Teng Iat () (born 1950 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China) is a Macau entrepreneur and was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau.
 She is the daughter of Ho Tin (), the founder of Sociedade Industrial Ho Tin S.A.R.L, and she acts as the managing director and CEO of her father's company.
 She is also the vice-president of Industrial Association of Macao.
The Appointed Member of the Legislative Assembly is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau who is appointed by the Chief Executive (and Governor during the colonial era).
 They are not affiliated to any political party and do not represent any constituency but they are generally loyal to the Chief Executive.
 There are currently seven Appointed Members in the Legislative Assembly.
There have been 87 women in the Victorian Legislative Assembly since its establishment in 1856.
 Women have had the right to vote in Victoria, Australia since 1908 and the right to stand as a candidate for the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 1923.
 As at November 2015, there were 33 women in the 88 member Legislative Assembly, 22 Labor Party members, seven Liberal Party members, two National Party members, one Greens, and one Independent.
Ho Iat Seng (; born 12 June 1957 in Macau) is a member of Legislative Assembly of Macau.
 He is also a member of the 9th, 10th, 11th & 12th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, and a Member of the Chief Executive of Macau from 2004 to 2009.
Ho Ion Sang (; born 2 September 1961 in Macau) is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau.
 He ran for Legislative Assembly in the 2009 legislative election.
 He is a member of Union for Promoting Progress a pan-establishment party in Macau.
