Étude Op. 25, No. 4 in A minor is a technical study composed by Frédéric Chopin.
 It is marked "Agitato" at the head.
 The technique explored in this piece is the performance of off-beat staccato chords set against a regular on-beat bass.
 This is an example of syncopation.
 The left hand leaps intervals of up to a tenth (octave plus a third) between the bass and the lowest note of the following chord (and back): this requires a very strong left hand 5th finger.
 Very often, the performer is required to hold the uppermost note of the right hand in legato while continuing to play the rest of the chord in that hand (and in the left hand) as staccato: this requires a very strong right hand 5th finger.
 The ending is marked "Lento" and "pianissimo" and the chords are all on beat in stark contrast with the rest of the piece.
Proper right and proper left are conceptual terms used to unambiguously convey relative direction when describing an image or other object.
 The "proper right" hand of a figure is the hand that would be regarded by that figure as its right hand.
 In a frontal representation, that appears on the left as the viewer sees it, creating the potential for ambiguity if the hand is just described as the "right hand".
In the retention of vision vanish, the magician places a coin or small object between the fingers and the thumb of the right hand.
 The left hand is palm up with the palm slightly tilted towards the audience.
 The right approaches and displays the object on the left palm for a second or so, held on opposite sides of a diameter.
 Then the right hand moves away empty as the fingers of the left hand close over the object.
 After a brief pause the left hand is shown empty and the coin has disappeared.
 In some versions the right hand can also be seen empty, leaving no clue as to where the coin went.
The right hand of God ("Dextera Domini" "right hand of the Lord" in Latin) or God's right hand may refer to the Bible and common speech as a metaphor for the omnipotence of God and as a motif in art.
The Right Hand of the Grand Master (Georgian: დიდოსტატის კონსტანტინეს მარჯვენა , "The Right Hand of the Grand Master Constantine"), also published as The Hand of the Great Master is a historical novel by 20th century Georgian writer Konstantine Gamsakhurdia, who first published it in 1939 in a literary magazine "Mnatobi".
 Subtitled "knightly novel" by the author, the book received much critical acclaim in Georgia and in Soviet Union as a whole, selling 700,000 copies of 12 publications of its Russian-translated version in the author's lifetime alone.
 A two-episode feature film "The Right Hand of the Grand Master" based on the novel and directed by Vakhtang Tabliashvili and Devi Abashidze was premiered in 1969.
Twister is a game of physical skill, produced by Milton Bradley Company and Winning Moves, that has been inducted into the American National Toy Hall of Fame.
 It is played on a large plastic mat that is spread on the floor or ground.
 The mat has six rows of large colored circles on it with a different color in each row: red, yellow, green, and blue.
 A spinner is attached to a square board and is used to determine where the player has to put their hand or foot.
 The spinner is divided into four labeled sections: left foot, right foot, left hand, and right hand.
 Each of those four sections is divided into the four colors (red, yellow, green, and blue).
 After spinning, the combination is called (for example: "right hand yellow") and players must move their matching hand or foot to a circle of the correct color.
Samuel Flores Borrego (a.k.a. Metro 3) (6 August 1972 – 2 September 2011) was a Mexican drug lord and high-ranking lieutenant of the Gulf Cartel.
 He was a former state judicial policeman who protected the ex-leader of the Gulf cartel, Osiel Cárdenas Guillén.
 Upon his arrest, Flores Borrego became the right-hand man of Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez, the former leader of the criminal organization.
The infighting in the Gulf Cartel refers to a series of confrontations between the Metros and the Rojos, two factions within Gulf Cartel that engaged in a power struggle directly after the death of the drug lord Samuel Flores Borrego in September 2011.
 The infighting has lasted through 2013, although the Metros have gained the advantage and regained control of the major cities controlled by the cartel when it was essentially one organization.
"Right Hand Man" is a song written by Gary Scruggs, and recorded by American country music artist Eddy Raven.
 It was released in November 1986 as the second single and title track from the album "Right Hand Man".
 The song reached #3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Merengue ( , ] ) is a style of Dominican music and dance.
 Partners hold each other in a closed position.
 The leader holds the follower's waist with the leader's right hand, while holding the follower's right hand with the leader's left hand at the follower's eye level.
 Partners bend their knees slightly left and right, thus making the hips move left and right.
 The hips of the leader and follower move in the same direction throughout the song.
 Partners may walk sideways or circle each other, in small steps.
 They can switch to an open position and do separate turns without letting go each other's hands or releasing one hand.
 During these turns they may twist and tie their handhold into intricate pretzels.
 Other choreographies are possible.
