Feline viral rhinotracheitis (FVR) is an upper respiratory or pulmonary infection of cats caused by "feline herpesvirus 1", of the family "Herpesviridae".
 It is also commonly referred to as feline influenza, feline coryza, and feline pneumonia but, as these terms describe other very distinct collections of respiratory symptoms, they are misnomers for the condition.
 Viral respiratory diseases in cats can be serious, especially in catteries and kennels. Causing one-half of the respiratory diseases in cats, FVR is the most important of these diseases and is found worldwide.
 The other important cause of feline respiratory disease is "feline calicivirus".
Feline lower urinary tract disease (FLUTD) is a broad term that is used to cover a number of conditions associated with the feline lower urinary tract.
 It may present as any of a variety of problems such as, inflammation of the bladder (cystitis) or urethra, formation of urinary crystals/stones in the bladder (crystalluria/urolithiasis), and partial or total obstruction of the urethra.
 The latter condition is also known as plugged-penis syndrome.
 Complete urethral obstruction is fatal if left untreated.
Diabetes mellitus is a disease in which the beta cells of the endocrine pancreas either stop producing insulin or can no longer produce it in enough quantity for the body's needs.
 The condition is commonly divided into two types, depending on the origin of the condition: Type 1 diabetes, sometimes called "juvenile diabetes", is caused by destruction of the beta cells of the pancreas.
 The condition is also referred to as insulin-dependent diabetes, meaning exogenous insulin injections must replace the insulin the pancreas is no longer capable of producing for the body's needs.
 Dogs can have insulin-dependent, or Type 1, diabetes; research finds no Type 2 diabetes in dogs.
 Because of this, there is no possibility the permanently damaged pancreatic beta cells could re-activate to engender a remission as may be possible with some feline diabetes cases, where the primary type of diabetes is Type 2.
 There is another less common form of diabetes, diabetes insipidus, which is a condition of insufficient antidiuretic hormone or resistance to it.
In Hinduism, Budhi Pallien (pronounced BOO-dee PAL-ee-en) is a fearsome goddess of forests and jungles, who roams northern India, particularly Assam, in the form of a tiger.
 This wise goddess can change shape, from human to feline form and often travels with a companion tiger as she protects animals, with which she communicates.
Feline Tooth Resorption (TR) is a syndrome in cats characterized by resorption of the tooth by odontoclasts, cells similar to osteoclasts. TR has also been called "feline odontoclastic resorption lesion" (FORL), neck lesion, cervical neck lesion, cervical line erosion, feline subgingival resorptive lesion, feline caries, or feline cavity.
 It is one of the most common diseases of domestic cats, affecting up to two-thirds.
 TRs have been seen more recently in the history of feline medicine due to the advancing ages of cats, but 800-year-old cat skeletons have shown evidence of this disease.
 Purebred cats, especially Siamese and Persians, may be more susceptible.
The Van cat (Turkish: "Van kedisi" ; Armenian: Վանա կատու "Vana katou" , Western Armenian: "Vana gadou"; Kurdish: "pisîka Wanê"‎ ) is a distinctive landrace of domestic cat, found in the Lake Van region of eastern Turkey.
 It is relatively large, has a chalky white coat, sometimes with ruddy coloration on the head and hindquarters, and has blue or amber eyes or is odd-eyed (having one eye of each colour).
 The variety has been referred to as "the swimming cat", and observed to swim in Lake Van.
An odd-eyed cat is a cat with one blue eye and one eye either green, yellow, or brown.
 This is a feline form of complete heterochromia, a condition that occurs in some other animals.
 The condition most commonly affects white-colored cats, but may be found in a cat of any color, provided that it possesses the white spotting gene.
Feline cystitis is associated with feline urological syndrome, feline lower urinary tract disease, and feline idiopathic cystitis.
 Feline cystitis means "inflammation of the bladder".
 The term "idiopathic" translates to unknown cause.
 This is because the direct cause of feline cystitis is unknown; however, certain behaviors have been known to aid the illness once it has been initiated.
 It can affect both males and females of any breed of cat.
 It is more commonly found in females cats; however, when males do exhibit cystitis, it is usually more dangerous.
Feline infectious peritonitis (FIP) is a fatal, incurable disease that affects cats.
 It is caused by feline infectious peritonitis virus (FIPV), which is a mutation of feline enteric coronavirus (FECV) – (Feline coronavirus FCoV).
 Experts do not agree on the specifics of genetic changes that produce the FIPV.
 The mutated virus has the ability to invade and grow in certain white blood cells, namely macrophages.
 The immune system's response causes an intense inflammatory reaction in the containing tissues.
 This disease is generally fatal.
 However, its incidence rate is roughly 1 in 5,000 for households with one or two cats.
 A nasally administered vaccine for FIP is available but controversial, and it is not proven to be highly effective.
 An experimental polyprenyl immunostimulant is being manufactured by Sass and Sass and tested by Dr. Al Legendre, who described survival over 1 year in three cats diagnosed with FIP and treated with the medicine.
 In one case study, a female cat diagnosed with dry FIP has survived 26 months from the date of definitive diagnosis.
Feline panleukopenia virus (FPV), also known as feline infectious enteritis, feline parvoviral enteritis, feline distemper, feline ataxia, or cat plague, is a viral infection affecting cats, both domesticated and wild feline species.
 It is caused by feline parvovirus, a close relative of both type 2 canine parvovirus and mink enteritis.
 Once contracted, it is highly contagious and can be fatal to the affected cat.
 The name panleukopenia comes from the low white blood cell count (leucocytes) exhibited by affected animals.
