Beet is the second full-length album by Chicago, Illinois rock band Eleventh Dream Day and their first on a major label, Atlantic Records.
Demons are a punk rock/garage punk band from Sweden.
 The band includes quotation marks in their name to differentiate themselves from other bands with a similar name.
 Their music has been described as "punk 'n' roll", but the band claims it should only be described as high-energy rock.
 Their musical style relies heavily on the energy derived from punk rock.
 Influences include 1960s garage rock bands such as The Sonics, The Standells and Shadows of Knight, The Velvet Underground, The Stooges and New York Dolls; and punk rock bands such as The Damned, The Heartbreakers and The Saints; and early hardcore punk bands such as Black Flag, Bad Brains and Dead Kennedys.
 "Demons" has often been compared to contemporary groups like New Bomb Turks, The Hellacopters and Electric Frankenstein.
The Eleventh House was an important jazz fusion group of the 1970s, led by the guitarist Larry Coryell.
 The band was formed in 1973 and disbanded in 1976.
 The Eleventh House, alongside bands such as The Mahavishnu Orchestra, Weather Report and Return to Forever, is considered as one of the pioneering jazz rock bands of the mid-1970s.
 Charter members of the Band beside Larry Coryell were Randy Brecker trumpet, Mike Mandel (keyboards), Danny Trifan (bass) and Alphonse Mouzon on drums.
Haitian rock, or rock kreyòl, started as rock n roll in Haiti in the early 1960s.
 It was played by rock bands called "yeye" bands.
 The name "yeye" derives from the Beatles lyrical verse, "yeah, yeah, yeah", which took off in the United States and was listened to by upper class Haitian families who had access to the radio.
 Young Haitians formed small electric guitar-based bands.
 These "yeye" rock bands were short-lived, as the addition of "compas" to their repertoires resulted in a sound was called mini-jazz, or "mini-djaz" in creole.
Love and Radiation is the fourth studio album from Christian rock band All Star United.
 It was released in 2006 after a four-year hiatus from the studio.
 During this break, band leader Ian Eskelin released his second solo album titled "Save the Humans" in 2004.
 (Eskelin had previously released a solo album, "Supersonic Dream Day" mononymously as Ian in 1995 before the founding of All Star United.)
Prairie School Freakout is the second (and first full-length) album by Chicago-based band Eleventh Dream Day, originally released on Amoeba Records in 1988.
 According to the original liner notes, the album "was recorded on a hot pollution alert day during July [1987] in Louisville, Kentucky, and was made at a place called Artist Recording Service.
 We recorded 15 songs between 11:00 pm and 5:00 am, half of the time spent trying to fix the wild buzz coming out of Rick's amp.
 We finally gave up and decided to make amp buzz the theme of the record."
 The album was re-released and expanded in 2003 by Thrill Jockey.
Douglas McCombs (born in 1962 in Peoria, Illinois) plays bass and guitar with the instrumental rock band Tortoise and leads the instrumental band Brokeback.
 He is also the longtime bassist for the rock band Eleventh Dream Day.
 In 1997, he formed Pullman with Bundy K. Brown, Chris Brokaw, and Curtis Harvey, with whom he released two albums.
Phil Ek is an American record producer, engineer and mixer.
 Ek began his career in Seattle, Washington, in the early 1990s recording live sound in clubs.
 He then moved into studio recording, recording small projects and demos for local bands.
 Around this time, Ek was frequently working with influential producer Jack Endino.
 Producing Built to Spill's second album, "There's Nothing Wrong with Love", proved to be Ek's mainstream breakthrough, the album has since ranked in the Top Ten of Spin Magazine's top indie records of all time.
 Phil Ek has worked with such indie rock bands as Band of Horses, Fleet Foxes, Modest Mouse, The Shins, Built to Spill, 764-HERO, Big Business and Mudhoney.
G.a.s. Drummers was a melodic hardcore band formed in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain at the end of 1997 by three teenagers who stood out from their other students due to their colourful hair dies and their taste in the california punk rock bands such as Bad Religion, Operation Ivy, NOFX, Lagwagon, The Descendents etc.
 Original members from other small local bands Dani Llamas (guitar and vocals), Pakomoto (Bass and vocals) and Rafa Camison (Drums) started playing together and composing their own music and after one year of sending demos around the country they got put as the opening act for Swedish Punk Rock band Randy on their Spanish tour.
 A tour that took the band through the whole country helping a lot of Spanish kids discover that there were actually Spanish bands capable of sounding as good as some of their favorite American bands.
 This lead immediately the band to sign to a young record label called Slide Chorus Records a young emerging record label from Madrid which would start releasing albums for other Spanish Punk Rock bands.
 This first release titled Proud To Be Nothing hit the streets at the end of 1999 and was presented on their first European tour which covered Spain, Great Britain, France and the Netherlands amongst Spanish punk rock legend[P.P.M.
Eleventh Dream Day is an American alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois, United States.
