A student competition is any student event where an individual or a team compete for a prize where skill is the main predictor of the winner.
 There can be a competition between students or teams of students within a classroom or across different schools and across geographical regions.
 Student competitions help bring about a student’s best effort by inspiring creativity and challenging the student to utilize their skills.
 Teachers incorporate student competitions as part of their curriculum to encourage students to stay on task and bring forward their best work by significantly increasing the ‘Payoff for the Student’ by providing:
Rugby union in England is one of the leading professional and recreational team sports.
 In 1871 the Rugby Football Union, the governing body for rugby union in England, was formed by 21 rugby clubs, and the first international match, which involved England, was played in Scotland.
 The English national team compete annually in the Six Nations Championship, and are former world champions after winning the 2003 Rugby World Cup.
 The top domestic men's club competition is the Aviva Premiership, and English clubs also compete in international competitions such as the European Rugby Champions Cup.
 The top domestic women's competition is the Premier 15s.
Lai Shiu Wing (, 1917–26 July 1988) was a former professional footballer.
 He was a member of China national team.
 He was the head coach of Hong Kong national football team.
Netball is promoted in Malaysia at the Sport Carnival for All (KESUMA).
 In 1998, 113 districts held netball competitions.
 That year, there were 1,718 registered netball teams in the country.
 In 2001, netball was sufficiently popular in South East Asia for it to be included in the 21st Southeast Asian Games in Kuala Lumpur.
 Malaysia had a national team compete in the fifth Asian Netball Championships in Colombo in 2001.
 Malaysia also competed in the 7th Asian Youth Netball Championship in India in 2010.
 Petronas, the national oil company, has been a major sponsor of netball in the country.
 This type of sponsorship was encouraged by the government as part of the Rakan Sukan programme.
Manfred Oettl Reyes (born October 23, 1993 in Germany) is an alpine skier born in Germany to a Peruvian mother who has competed on behalf of Peru since 2010.
 He has competed since 2009 in a variety of alpine skiing events, including the slalom, giant slalom, downhill, and super combined, at a number of junior international competitions.
 As of February, 2010, his best finish in any of these competitions was 32nd, at a downhill event in Italy.
 His club is the Association Peruana de Ski.
 Oettl Reyes was selected at the age of 16 to be one of three members of Peru's delegation to the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada, the first Peruvian team to participate in the Winter Olympics.
 His older sister Ornella Oettl Reyes, also an alpine skier, was selected for the team as well.
 He is scheduled to compete in both the slalom and giant slalom competitions there, although he was not expected to be in serious competition for a medal.
 His participation on behalf of Peru was questioned by some , as he was not only born in Germany but lives there and is only half-Peruvian.
 He and his sister were last minute additions to the Olympic roster.
 They both met the minimum time qualifications for participation, but that participation was questioned as neither had taken part in a World Championship prior to the Olympics.
 In response to this criticism, the Peruvian Olympic Committee explained that they were in the process of receiving their Peruvian passports when the last World Championships took place, and so could not yet compete on behalf of Peru.
 The controversy also prompted some commenters to question why the Peruvian government has not done more to identify and develop athletes within the country.
 However, the practice of smaller countries sending athletes who are technically citizens of those countries but who reside elsewhere to participate in international competitions is not uncommon.
 Despite the controversy, the pair asked Peruvians to embrace them and their participation on behalf of Peru at the Olympics.
The Georgia Southern Equestrian Team (GSUET) is a club sport available to students at Georgia Southern University.
 The club develops an understanding in equestrian activities and horsemanship and unites collegiate horse owners, riders, and anyone interested in horses.
 It introduces members to equine activities in the community.
 Team members who join the Intercollegiate Horse Show Association (IHSA) compete with other IHSA team in horse shows hosted by different barns in the southeast.
 Individuals and the team compete in Zone 5, Region 3 of the IHSA.
 Each member takes two lessons a week.
 The Georgia Southern Equestrian Team students are taught grooming, feeding, and health care skills.
 All riding disciplines are presented and the facility provides well-trained horses for the riders.
 The GSUET is funded mostly by its members' team fees.
 However, each year the team is also allotted a budget from Georgia Southern's CRI (Campus Recreation and Intramurals).
 Many of the saddles and other tack used by the team are purchased through CRI.
 Team members pay for their own riding lessons, riding attire, show clothes, and entry fees for shows.
Ajax København is a handball club based in northern Copenhagen, Denmark, consisting of both a women's and a men's team.
 As of the 2017-18 season, the women's team compete in Primo Tours Ligaen, the highest women's league in Denmark, whereas the men's team compete in the 1st Division.
 Ajax København play their home matches in Bavnehøj-Hallen.
Raheny United Football Club (Irish: "Cumann Peile Ráth Éanna Aontaithe" ) is an Irish association football club based in Raheny, Dublin.
 Raheny United was founded in 1994 following the amalgamation of Raheny Boys and Dunseedy United.
 In 2016-17 their senior men's team compete in the Premier B division of the Athletic Union League.
 An over–35s team compete in the Amateur Football League.
 They also have 21 schoolboy teams competing in both the Dublin & District Schoolboy League and the North Dublin Schoolboys/Girls League.
 The club however is perhaps best known for its senior women's team who in 2011–12 became founder members of the Women's National League.
 They were league champions in both 2012–13 and 2013–14 and also competed in both the 2013–14 and the 2014–15 UEFA Women's Champions League.
 In 2015 Raheny United's senior women's team merged with Shelbourne Ladies F.C..
 This effectively saw Shelbourne take Raheny United's place in the WNL.The club currently cater for four senior teams, twenty schoolboy teams, and host their own youth academy every Saturday morning, making them one of the larger junior soccer clubs in Ireland.
The A'z are a Bay Area music group that have developed a music style mixing rap, hip hop, rock, and other sounds and tracks.
 All members of the group have the government issued name "Alex", and thus took on the name "The A'z" because of their first initial.
 The A'z members use professional or artistic name's, which are "A.E", "ICE", and "Speedy".
 Formerly known as the group 4 Deep, they surfaced on the Bay Area rap scene back in 1997 and quickly became the first hyphy trio to be aired on Bay Area radio stations.
 As a result of their surging young fan base they became recognized as "The Beatles of the Bay."
 In the Summer of 2006 the A'z formed the label "Wing Team", by which all their productions, recording, and legal matters are formed.
 The Wing Team Studios and Label Headquarters are located in the Penthouse of the Broadway Building in heart of downtown Oakland, California.
Melbourne University Soccer Club is an Australian amateur soccer club based in Melbourne, Victoria.
 It is the association football club affiliated with the University of Melbourne.
 It is Melbourne's largest senior association football club, fielding 13 men's teams and 5 women's teams, competing in various leagues in the state of Victoria.
 The clubs highest Men's team competes in State League 3, and highest Women's team compete in State League 1, competitions affiliated with Football Federation Australia.
 It is also the only club in Victoria to have two State League teams, also competing in Men's State League 5.
 The club also send representative teams to competitions including World Elite University Football Tournament, Australian University Games, Southern University Games, Varsity Challenge to represent the University of Melbourne.
