Bennington was one of the camping places for Indians that came through the Bear Lake valley each year on their hunting and fishing trips.
 They camped there until the 1930s, asking for food from the residents.
 An emigrant massacre happened at the mouth of four Mile Canyon.
 The emigrants head camp of the main road for better feed and plentiful water.
 A band of Shoshone led by "Paughatello" killed all the members of the company except for one 15-year-old boy, who hid in a wash and made his way back to another company.
 He went on to Oregon or California with the team.
 The battle spanned over 40 acres along the creek.
 Seven wagons, 20 people, 33 horses and 14 head of livestock were involved.
 Wagon parts, bones, cap and ball pistols, swords and other relics could be found decades later.
 The first town site of Bennington was located on block West on highway 30 at the Cemetery and Wright Roads, where the old Amos Wright log cabin still stands.
 The first settlers, Jared Bullock, and Jonathan Hoopes, came in the fall of 1864 and settled on the south side of Bennington Creek.
 Then Evan M. Greene, Hyrum Hoopes and Edmond Homer came.
 Six families spent the winter in 1864.
In 1865 and 1866 more people were called to settle .
 In 1866 the community was officially named after a town in Vermont where Brigham Young once lived.
 In 1873 the town had a meeting, and the present town site was chosen.
 A church, school, store/post office and new homes were eventually built.
 Evan Green was the first Presiding Elder serving from 1864 to 1865, followed by Dudley Merrell, who presided until 1870, then Alonzo became the first Bishop.
 Church was held in a vacant house until one could be built.
 The first living white baby born Feb. 18, 1866 was Winnifred Rebecca Wright daughter of Amos R. Wright.
 The first death was Admanza Greene who died of pneumonia at age 10.
 Jared Bullock's wife died of childbirth.
 She was buried at the end of the haystack and then moved to the present cemetery later.
 Deep snow, cold weather and primitive living conditions made living here hard.
 A traveling band and a dancing academy taught by John Dunn was organized to help people get through the long winter mounts.
 In 1934 there was a terrible drought.
 At that time each home and building at the new town site had their own well.
 They all dried up except the one at the school so people carried water from there.
 The WPA helped with a new water system and during 1934-35 the men of the community dug ditches and laid the pipe to their homes.
 They had a big celebration at its completion in August 1936.
 Today Bennington is a thriving town with many new homes and a big church.
The Complexo do Alemão massacre (] ) was the result of an ongoing conflict between drug dealers and the police in the borough of the same name in Rio de Janeiro, which consisted of a group of large "favelas" in the northern region of the city.
 The massacre happened on June 27, 2007, when a large Military and Civil Police operation killed 19 people and injured several others.
 The Order of Attorneys of Brazil issued a report claiming that at least eleven of the people killed had no relations with drug trafficking whatsoever.
 Until the end of the XV Pan-American Games a large siege was formed by the police in the region—to secure the safety of the international event, some people claim.
 While it eventually got attached the demotic sobriquet "Gaza strip", a report published by the federal government revealed that there were executions at the operation.
The Bodo League massacre (Hangul: 보도연맹 학살사건 ; Hanja: 保導聯盟虐殺事件 ) was a massacre and war crime against communists and suspected sympathizers (many of whom were civilians who had no connection with communism or communists) that occurred in the summer of 1950 during the Korean War.
 Estimates of the death toll vary.
 It has been estimated that the number of victims killed is between 100,000 and 200,000.
 The number of Bodo League members killed in Ulsan, Cheongdo County and Kimhae alone, where the number of confirmed victims was almost exactly 4,934, was almost exactly 30 to 70 percent of the press alliance members massacred and more than 100 people to more than 1,000 people were killed in each county unit respectively.
 The massacre was wrongly blamed on the communists.
 For four decades the South Korean government concealed this massacre.
 Survivors were forbidden by the government from revealing it, under suspicion of being communist sympathizers.
 Public revelation carried with it the threat of torture and death.
 During the 1990s and onwards, several corpses were excavated from mass graves, resulting in public awareness of the massacre.
The Paramythia executions, also known as the Paramythia massacre (19–29 September 1943) was a combined Nazi and Cham Albanian war crime perpetrated by members of the 1st Mountain Division and the Muslim Cham militia in the town of Paramythia and its surrounding region, during the Axis occupation of Greece.
 201 Greek villagers were murdered and 19 municipalities in the region of Paramythia were destroyed.
 The years after the war, a series a war crime trials condemned these actions, however not a single defendant was ever arrested and brought to trial.
 At the Hostages Trial in Nuremberg (1948) the American judges reached the decision that the executions of Paramythia were "plain murders".
The Gawkadal massacre was named after the Gawkadal bridge in Srinagar, Kashmir, where, on 21 January 1990, the Indian paramilitary troops of the Central Reserve Police Force opened fire on a group of Kashmiri protesters in what has been described by some authors as "the worst massacre in Kashmiri history" along with the Bijbehara Massacre in 1993.
 At least 50 people were killed (according to survivors, the actual death toll may have been as high as 280) The massacre happened just a day after the Government of India appointed Jagmohan as the Governor for a second time in a bid to control the mass protests by Kashmiris.
The Ganghwa Island incident or the Japanese Battle of Ganghwa (Korean: 운요호 사건 [雲揚號事件] "Unyo-ho sageon" meaning ""Un'yō" incident"; Japanese: 事件 "Kōkatō jiken"), was a purposely armed clash between the Joseon Dynasty of Korea and Japan which occurred in the vicinity of Ganghwa Island on September 20, 1875.
 it is a form of gunboat diplomacy and this incident occurred intentionally for the purpose of invading Joseon.
The Suai Church massacre happened on 6 September 1999, in Suai, Cova Lima District in southwestern East Timor, two days after the results of the independence referendum were announced.
1991 Kokkadichcholai massacre refers to the massacres of minority Sri Lankan Tamil civilians in the village Kokkadichcholai near the eastern province town of Batticaloa.
 The massacre happened on June 12, 1991, in which 152 civilians were killed.
 The Sri Lankan government instituted presidential commission to investigate the massacre.
 The commission found the commanding officer negligent in controlling his troops and recommended that he be removed from office.
 The commission also identified 19 members of the Sri Lankan military as responsible for mass murder.
 In a military tribunal that followed the presidential commission in the capital city of Colombo, all the 19 charged soldiers were later acquitted.
The Ganghwa massacre (Korean: 강화 양민학살 사건 , Hanja: 江華良民虐殺事件) was a massacre conducted by the South Korean forces, South Korean Police forces and pro-South Korean militiamen, between 6 and 9 January 1951, of 212 to 1,300 unarmed civilians in the Ganghwa county of the Incheon metropolitan city in South Korea.
 The victims were collaborators with the Korean People's Army during North Korean rule.
 Before this massacre, 140 people were executed in Ganghwa in what is known as the Bodo League massacre in 1950.
The Vukovar massacre, also known as the Vukovar hospital massacre or the Ovčara massacre, was the killing of Croatian prisoners of war and civilians by Serb paramilitaries and the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) at the Ovčara farm southeast of Vukovar on 20 November 1991, during the Croatian War of Independence.
 The massacre occurred shortly after Vukovar's capture by the JNA, Croatian Serb Territorial Defence (TO), and paramilitaries from neighbouring Serbia.
 It was the largest massacre of the war and the worst war crime in Europe since World War II up until that point.
