John Clemens "Jack" Ryan (born October 6, 1959) is a former investment banker and American politician who was a candidate in the 2004 U.S. Senate race in Illinois.
 In 2000, he retired as an active partner at Goldman Sachs to teach at Hales Franciscan High School, a private, 4-year Roman Catholic high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood of Chicago.
Hales Franciscan High School (known simply as Hales) is a private 4-year Roman Catholic high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
 It is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago.
Walton High School was a public 4–year high school located in the Kingsbridge neighborhood of the Bronx borough in New York.
 Originally an all-girl institution, Walton became co–educational in 1977.
 Walton, Bayside High School, Samuel J. Tilden High School, Abraham Lincoln High School, John Adams High School, Andrew Jackson High School, and Grover Cleveland High School were all built during the Great Depression from one set of blueprints, to save money.
Jonathan Alder High School is an NCA accredited public high school located in Plain City, Ohio.
 It is the only high school in the Jonathan Alder Local School District.
 The school, as well as the district, are named after Jonathan Alder, the first white settler in Madison County.
Jean Baptiste Point DuSable High School was a public 4–year high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
 DuSable was operated by the Chicago Public Schools district.
 The school was named after Chicago's first permanent non-native settler, Jean Baptiste Point Du Sable.
 Constructed between 1931–34, DuSable opened in February 1935.
 Since 2005, The school building serves as home to two smaller schools; the Bronzeville Scholastic Institute and the Daniel Hale Williams Preparatory School of Medicine.
 Both of the schools use the DuSable name in an athletics context.
 The DuSable Leadership Academy was housed at the location until it closed after the 2015–16 school year.
 The school building was designated a Chicago Landmark on May 1, 2013.
Chicago Military Academy-Bronzeville is a public 4-year military high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood located on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, in a building known as the Eighth Regiment Armory.
 The Academy includes a mandatory Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) instructional component in addition to a four-year college preparatory curriculum.
Wendell Phillips Academy High School is a public 4–year high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
 Phillips is part of the Chicago Public Schools district and is managed by the Academy for Urban School Leadership.
 It is named for the noted American abolitionist Wendell Phillips.
 It was the first predominantly African-American high school in Chicago.
 The school opened in 1904.
 In 2010, Phillips became a "turnaround" school in an effort to lower the school's one–year dropout rate of 66.8 percent.
 The school received the Spotlight on Technology award from the Chicago Public Schools leadership technology summit in 2013.
 The school's attendance boundary includes areas of the South Side, Chinatown, and portions of the Chicago Loop.
Austin High School (now known as Austin College and Career Academy High School) is a public 4–year high school located at 231 North Pine Avenue in the Austin neighborhood on the west side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
 Operated by the Chicago Public Schools, Austin opened in 1876 and was named in honor of Henry W. Austin, a Chicago real estate developer In 2004, the online newsletter "Chicago-Catalyst.
org" called it the yellow brick fortress.
 Austin Polytech shared its campus with two smaller schools; Austin Business & Entrepreneurship Academy High and V.O.I.S.E. Academy High School.
 After the 2015–2016 school year, the small schools converted into one school and was renamed Austin College and Career Academy High School.
Merkel High School is a public high school located in Merkel, Texas, United States and classified as a 3A school by the UIL.
 It is part of the Merkel Independent School District.
 The high school serves approximately 330 students from areas on the Northwestern part of Taylor County.
 Generally students from the area come from either Merkel, Tye, or Trent.
 A small portion of southwestern Jones County lies within the district also.
 The district and the school are both named after the Baylor Merkel, the first settler in the area.
 In 2016, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Cleveland School of the Arts is a public high school located in the St.Clair neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio.
 It is a magnet school and part of the Cleveland Metropolitan School District.
 Opened in 1981, Cleveland School of the Arts is a public high school located in the St. Clair neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio; it is a magnet school, part of the Cleveland Metropolitan School District.
 Cleveland School of the Arts consists of two locations: the Lower Campus, located at 2501 East 61st Street, is for students from kindergarten through 5th grade, and the Upper Campus is for students from 6th through 12th grades.
