Katarina Asplund (1690-1758), was a Finnish pietist.
 She was a leading figure within the pietism movement in Österbotten and known as a visionary.
 Because of her visionary activity, she was often in conflict with the authorities on charges of blasphemy.
Brand Content Management (BCM) is a concept that creates a standard process an organization can use to create, store, and distribute brand-related marketing materials and information.
 Organizations such as AT&T, Coca-Cola, Starbucks, Apple, and Harley-Davidson all participate in marketing development and distribution of their marketing concepts.
 Each of these organizations have created a process to store and control their brand image and marketing concepts.
 Brand-related marketing advertisements contain copyrighted and trademarked information.
 These organization produce hundreds of thousands of marketing pieces (content) each year, some examples of these assets are lifestyle photography, brochures, literature, and logos. Marketing organizations develop these assets for mass distribution through many channels and segments.
 These can become viral, video, print, image, digital/electronic, or broadcast.
 These types of organizations generally use a customer relationship management (CRM) application that allows organizations greater control over the creative development, distribution, fulfillment and management of all brand-related content.
Ioanna-Maria Gertsou was born on January 20, 1979 in Athens Greece and she is visually impaired due to retinopathy of prematurity.
 She is mostly known as representative of the guide dog movement, through "Lara Guide-Dog School Hellas" a non - profit organisation that she co-founded in 2008.
 She is an activist, promoting human diversity, guide dog access, physical and electronic accessibility and animal rights.
 She is also a scientist with superior studies in experimental psychology and cognitive science.
 From 2006 to 2012, she worked as a researcher in the Human/computer Interaction Laboratory, located at the Foundation of Research and Technology Hellas (F.O.R.T.H.) which is considered to be a major scientific center worldwide.
 In 2008, during a visit at F.O.R.T.H the President of the Hellenic Republic, Karolos Papoulias was moved by her presentation and did something extraordinary: he bowed and kissed her hand to show his respect.
 Ioanna-Maria is one among the very few visually impaired / disabled researchers around the world and the only one, employed in Greece.
 Additionally, she is considered to be a rare case of a person who is blind since birth to exhibit visual synaesthesia.
 That is why, she is being asked to contribute to experiments, studies and projects regarding perception and the crossing of the senses.
 Every year, she is invited and participates in numerous conferences, arising matters varying from psychological research to guide dogs and contemporary issues as youth unemployment., Her knoweledge in psychology is often shared on newspapers and blogs.
 She was the first person to enter with her guide dog (and a dog in general), into the Hellenic Parliament and the European Parliament.
 In 2009, she protested through the web because her guide dog was denied in two reustaurants.
 She wrote a letter which went viral and caused great awareness.
 Following this incident, one year later a Spanish tourist named Antonia Pons Losada was not permitted into the new Acropolis Museum with her guide dog.
 As a result of local and international outcry regarding issues of guide dog access in Greece on August 2010, Ioanna contributed to the voting of the first national law, related to guide dogs.
 As soon as the law was approved by the Hellenic Parliament, she took her guide dog "May" and a Television crew for a visit to the Acropolis Museum.
 Today on the Museum's website we are informed that "guide and assistance dogs, are welcome".
 According to the law 3868/2010, guide, assistance and therapy dogs are allowed practically everywhere in Greece.
 The law was recently reviewed, including guide/assistance/therapy dogs who are still in training and claryfing that they can enter into transportation means, without a muzzle.
 While transforming Greece into a role model for guide dog access, she joined the board of directors of the European Guide Dog Federation to defend the rights and access of guide dog teams, throughout the European Union.
 In 2013 at the European Parliament, she and former MEP Jorgo Chatzimarkakis were the main rapporteurs for the voting of an E.U. direction, aiming to promote e-accessibility on governmental websites.
 The direction was approved in 2014.
 Ioanna-Maria, was two times a political candidate.
 One in the 2009 Hellenic National Elections with the Ecogreens Party and one in the 2014 European Elections with the "Greek European Citizens Party".
 She was a paracycling athlete.
 Always accompanied by her two guide dogs "Lara" and "May", she had appeared on several documentaries, TV shows, movies and public events., The references are mainly in Greek.
Hohn Air Base is a military air base in Germany.
 It is home to the "Lufttransportgeschwader" 63 (LTG 63 for short, Air Transport Wing 63 in English) of the German Air Force ("Luftwaffe").
 Since May 1968 the Transall C-160 is operated from the base.
 During 2013 Air Transport Wing 63 will disband and subsequently the air base will be given up by the German Air Force.
 The LTG63 is in charge until 2020 (today's plan)
The Fliegerfaust (lit.
 "pilot fist" or "plane fist"), also known as the "Luftfaust" (lit.
 "air fist"), was a prototype unguided, man-portable, German multi-barreled ground-to-air rocket launcher, designed to destroy enemy ground attack planes.
Antic Cafe (アンティック-珈琲店- , Antikku Kafe , nicknamed An Cafe) is a Japanese pop rock band formed in 2003 and signed to Sony Music Japan.
 Their visual image is oshare kei, and they describe their music as "Harajuku Dance Rock".
 The group has released five full-length albums, one compilation album, and four EPs.
 On September 1, 2009, the band announced that after their live show on January 4, 2010 at the Nippon Budokan, they would suspend activities and put the group on hiatus, however they stated they will not disband.
 On April 1, 2012, after two-year break, the team announced the resumption of activity.
Bang and Whimper 2017 - The Farewell Tour is a concert tour by the Finnish gothic rock band HIM.
 Originally formed in 1991, the band announced their plans to disband on 5 March 2017 following a farewell tour, which kicked off on 14 June 2017 in Barcelona, Spain, and will continue until 31 December 2017.
 The tour will run through Europe and North America, including two festival appearances in Finland, where HIM headlined the Tuska Open Air Metal Festival in Helsinki and Miljoona Rock in Tuuri.
 For the North American leg, HIM will be joined by special guests 3Teeth and CKY.
 The tour will concluded on New Year's Eve 2017 as a part of the band's annual Helldone Festival, with Jimsonweed acting as support.
Fist of Fury 1991 (新精武門1991) is a 1991 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Cho Chung-sing, and starring Stephen Chow in the lead role.
 Aside from a few parodied scenes, the film bears no other similarities to the Bruce Lee film, "Fist of Fury", except in title only.
 A sequel, "Fist of Fury 1991 II", was released the following year.
Tess Asplund, born 1974, is a Swedish activist who gained attention following her protest against neo-Nazis in Borlänge, Sweden.
 David Lagerlof is the photographer of the viral image of Asplund, which shows her facing uniformed members of the Swedish Nordic Resistance Movement with her fist in the air.
 She is originally from Colombia and describes herself as Afro-Swedish.
 About the incident, Asplund is quoted as having said “If this picture of me can get more people to dare to show resistance, then it’s all good...the people must unite and show that it is not okay that racism is becoming normalised and that fascists are running around on our streets.”
Tess Amber Adler (born February 11, 1990), commonly known as Tess Taylor, is an American reality television personality and model known for her show "Pretty Wild" with her adopted sisters Gabby and Alexis Neiers.
 She became "Playboy"' s Cyber Girl of the Year in 2010, modelling for "Playboy" under the name Tess Taylor Arlington.
