Once in a Lifetime: The Best of Talking Heads is a compilation album by Talking Heads.
 A single disc version of "", it was released outside of the US and UK in place of that album.
The Best of Talking Heads is a 2004 greatest hits album by Talking Heads, released by Sire/Rhino/Warner Bros., and contains in all 18 tracks, from the beginning to the end of Talking Heads' history.
 It was released the same day (August 17, 2004) as the expanded reissue of "The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads".
 The album charted at number 87 on the ARIA Charts and charted at number 96 on the Ultratop Charts in Belgium.
Charlton Christopher Frantz (born May 8, 1951) is an American musician and record producer.
 He was the drummer for both Talking Heads and the Tom Tom Club, which he co-founded with wife and Talking Heads bassist Tina Weymouth.
"Road to Nowhere" is a rock song written by David Byrne for the 1985 Talking Heads album "Little Creatures."
 It also appeared on "Best of Talking Heads", "", the "Once in a Lifetime" box set and the "Brick" box set.
 The song was released as a single in 1985 and reached number 25 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks and number 6 in the British, German and South African singles charts.
 It also made number 8 on the Dutch Top 40.
Talking Heads: 77 is the debut album by the American rock band Talking Heads, released in September 1977.
 The single "Psycho Killer" reached No. 92 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart.
 In 2003, the album was ranked No. 290 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list.
Talking Heads (Africa) was introduced in Cape Town in 2008 as part of the Infecting the City public art festival.
 Talking Heads has four core components that form the project.
 These include: developing a platform for conversation and exchange with and between experts; creating a network of African thought leaders; shooting mini-documentaries that define these leaders and their contributions; developing the tools to make this model work in cities all over the African continent.
"A Cream Cracker Under The Settee" is a dramatic monologue written by Alan Bennett in 1987 for television, as part of his "Talking Heads" series for the BBC.
 The series became very popular, moving onto BBC Radio, international theatre, becoming one of the best-selling audio book releases of all time and included as part of both the A-level and GCSE English syllabus.
 It was the sixth and final episode of the first series of "Talking Heads".
More Songs About Buildings and Food is the second studio album by the American rock band Talking Heads, released in July 1978.
 The album was the first of three Talking Heads LPs produced by collaborator Brian Eno.
 It saw the group move musically toward a danceable style, crossing singer David Byrne's unusual delivery with new emphasis on the rhythm section (made up of bassist Tina Weymouth and drummer Chris Frantz).
"Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On)" is the opening track of the Talking Heads 1980 album "Remain in Light".
 The track has a prominent bassline and sets the funk tone of the album.
 A live rendition of the song was included, with a long bass intro, on the 2004 re-issue of the live album "The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads".
No Talking, Just Head is an album released in 1996 by The Heads, a band composed of Jerry Harrison, Tina Weymouth, and Chris Frantz of Talking Heads, joined by a variety of guest singers.
 Its name may be seen as an allusion to the fact that Talking Heads' former vocalist, David Byrne, is the only member not involved.
