Pepper Sound Studios was an early syndicator of radio station jingles and began sometime in 1957.
 It began as a record company created by businessman John Pepper and songwriter Floyd Huddleston.
 Huddleston based the company on the model of Capitol Records and even brought in Johnny Mercer as a consultant.
 Composers Al Rinker and Willard Robison were hired, until the record end was eventually phased out, and by 1964, Pepper Studios exclusively become a Jingle Commercial company.
 Their first jingle was for John Pepper's company Everdry Deodorant, followed by Burke Hall Paint and hundreds of others.
 William Tanner was a salesman for the company and quickly weaseled his way into becoming one of the owners of the company, and Pepper and Tanner worked Floyd Huddleston out.
 The company became known as Pepper-Tanner about 1967.
 In 1972, Bill Tanner worked John Pepper out the same way he had Huddleston, and the name was changed once again to The William B. Tanner Company, or simply Tanner for short.
Hercules, Inc., was a chemical and munitions manufacturing company based in Wilmington, Delaware, which was formed as the Hercules Powder Company.
 Hercules Powder Company was formed in 1882 by DuPont and Laflin & Rand Powder Company to finance construction of a dynamite plant on land adjacent to San Francisco Bay owned by DuPont subsidiary California Powder Works.
 This created the company town of Hercules, California.
 Hercules Inc. was a manufacturer of chemicals and munitions based in Wilmington, Delaware.
 The company was established in 1912 by T.W. Bacchus as the Hercules Powder Company.
 The Hercules Powder Company was one of the companies created from the break up of the E.I. du Pont de Nemours "powder trust" in 1911 as ruled by a U.S. Supreme Court decision.
 In its early years as a separate company, it continued to produce explosives and dynamite."
 Hercules was spun off from DuPont as a result of U.S. federal government actions in the field of antitrusts. Hercules, Inc., operated under this name until 2008, when it was merged into Ashland Inc.
The New England Emigrant Aid Company (originally the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Company) was a transportation company in Boston, Massachusetts, created to transport immigrants to the Kansas Territory to shift the balance of power so that Kansas would enter the United States as a free state, rather than a slave state.
 Created by Eli Thayer in the wake of the Kansas-Nebraska Act, which allowed the population of Kansas Territory to choose whether slavery would be legal, the Company is noted less for its direct impact than for the psychological impact it had on proslavery and antislavery elements.
 Thayer's prediction that the Company would eventually be able to send 20,000 immigrants a year never came to fruition, but it spurred Border Ruffians from nearby Missouri, where slavery was legal, to move to Kansas to ensure its admission to the Union as a slave state.
 That, in turn, further galvanized Free-Staters and enemies of Slave Power.
Cove Energy plc, also known as Cove, was a London-headquartered oil & gas exploration company with assets in East Africa.
 The company was created in June 2009 out of a £1 million cash-shell listed on the London Stock Exchange.
 In 2012, following a massive gas discovery offshore Mozambique, Royal Dutch Shell plc and PTT Exploration and Production (PTTEP), a subsidiary of Thailand's national oil company PTT Public Company Limited, engaged in a prominent bidding war to acquire Cove.
 Ultimately, the company was sold in August 2012 for £1.2 billion to PTTEP.
 The value created for Cove's shareholders over that three-year period was in excess of £1 billion, making it one of the most successful oil & gas exploration stories of the last decennia.
The Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company was the first company to manufacture and sell gasoline powered farm tractors.
 Based in Waterloo, Iowa, the company was created by John Froelich and a group of Iowa businessmen in 1893, and was originally named the Waterloo Gasoline Traction Engine Company.
 In 1892, Froelich had invented the first practical gasoline-powered tractor, and the new company was given the opportunity to manufacture and sell the tractor Froelich designed.
 Unfortunately, the tractor was not successful commercially, and of the four tractors built by the company only two were purchased, and these were later returned to the company by unsatisfied customers.
 In 1895, the company was sold to John W. Miller and renamed the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company.
 Miller decided to stop producing tractors and instead focus on building plain gasoline engines.
The South Sea Company (officially The Governor and Company of the merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, and for the encouragement of fishing) was a British joint-stock company founded in 1711, created as a public-private partnership to consolidate and reduce the cost of national debt.
 The company was also granted a monopoly to trade with South America, hence its name.
 At the time it was created, Britain was involved in the War of the Spanish Succession and Spain controlled South America.
 There was no realistic prospect that trade would take place and the company never realised any significant profit from its monopoly.
 Company stock rose greatly in value as it expanded its operations dealing in government debt, peaking in 1720 before collapsing to little above its original flotation price; the economic bubble became known as the South Sea Bubble.
Liquid Assets Paint & Pigment Company is an artist supply company based in Buenos Aires, Argentina that manufactures acrylic paints and pigments created with real currency, such as Euro, US Dollar, Argentine Peso, and Romanian Leu.
 The Company's slogan "The Price of Art" refers to the company's assertion that its products allow fine artists to quantify the precise and actual value of a work of art created using Liquid Assets products.
 The company was started in 2007 by a group of Buenos Aires based professional artists and presently operates a manufacturing plant in Buenos Aires, as well as a retail store in the Palermo Soho neighborhood.
 In September 2010, Liquid Assets opened a temporary pop up store in New York City's Tribeca neighborhood in conjunction with the Swervewolf Experience marketing and design firm.
 Although artists have used valuable commodities such as gold leaf to create works of art for centuries, such as gilding, Liquid Assets Paint & Pigment Company is the world's only known manufacturer of artist paint and pigment created with actual currency.
Devon General was the principal bus operator in south Devon from 1919.
 The name was first used by the Devon General Omnibus and Touring Company which was created in 1919.
 In 1922 it was purchased by the National Electric Construction Company which merged with British Electric Traction in 1931.
 Nationalisation in 1969 resulted in 1971 with the company being merged into Western National.
 In 1983 a new Devon General Limited was created which became the first operating subsidiary of the National Bus Company to be privatised in 1986 when it became the first company of Transit Holdings.
 It was sold to the Stagecoach Group in 1996 and renamed Stagecoach Devon in 2003.
American Laser Games was a company based in Albuquerque, New Mexico that created numerous light gun laserdisc video games featuring live action full motion video.
 The company was founded in the late 1980s by Robert Grebe, who had originally created a system to train police officers under the company name ICAT (Institute for Combat Arms and Tactics) and later adapted the technology for arcade games.
 Its first hit game was "Mad Dog McCree", a light gun shooter set in the American Old West.
 By mid-1995 they were recognized as the leading company in the medium of laserdisc-based arcade games.
 Almost all arcade games released by the company were light gun shooters and a number of them also had an Old West theme.
The Alaska Pacific Steamship Company was a short-lived freight and passenger shipping line that operated on the West Coast of North America between 1906 and 1912.
 The company was created by E.E. Caine, who used the steamships "Buckman" and "Watson" on the route between Seattle, Tacoma, and San Francisco.
 The following year, Caine's partners in the company took over management of the Alaska Coast Company, which operated the steamships "Jeanie" and "Portland".
 In 1909, Alaska Pacific acquired the twin-propeller steamships "Admiral Farragut" and "Admiral Sampson" from the American Mail Steamship Company on the East Coast.
 In 1912, Alaska Pacific acquired the remaining Admiral-class steamships "Admiral Dewey" and "Admiral Schley" from American Mail.
 Before the end of the year, the company's directors decided to merge Alaska Pacific with Alaska Coast Company to form the new Pacific-Alaska Navigation Company.
