Danilo Nicolás Suárez García (born November 17, 1994 ) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Miramar Misiones in the Uruguayan Primera División, on loan from River Plate.
Matías Vecino Falero (born 24 August 1991) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Internazionale and Uruguayan national team.
Diego Alexander Luz Pizarro (born 3 July 1990) is an Uruguayan professional football (soccer) player.
 He played for Club Sportivo Miramar Misiones, Club Atlético Rentistas, Central Español Fútbol Club and Huracán del Paso de la Arena.
 Known for playmaking skills, range of passing and crossing ability, bending free-kicks with both legs and head goals.
 In 2017 he plays for Huracán Buceo.
Diego Sebastián Vicente Pereyra (born July 19, 1998) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for River Plate in the Uruguayan Primera División.
Carlos Eduardo Cabezas Jurado (born November 14, 1980) is a Spanish professional basketball player for Real Betis Energía Plus of the Liga ACB.
 He is the nephew of the former Uruguayan professional footballer Hugo Cabezas, who played in Spain in the late 70s.
 His father (Hugo's brother), and his grandfather, are also former Uruguayan professional basketball players.
 He is a 1.87 m (6 ft 1 ¾ in) tall point guard.
Facundo Vigo González (born May 22, 1999) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for River Plate in the Uruguayan Primera División.
Christian Ariel Serrón Acosta (born November 17, 1994 ) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Rampla Juniors in the Uruguayan Segunda División, on loan from River Plate.
Jonathan Blanes Núñez (born March 10, 1987 in Paysandú) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for River Plate in the Uruguayan Primera División.
Alex Silva Quiroga (born 15 June 1993) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a right back and right winger for Uruguayan club Peñarol in the Primera División.
Jonathan Matías Urretaviscaya da Luz (born 19 March 1990), commonly known as Urreta, is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Mexican club C.F. Pachuca as a right winger.
