John Butler, 15th Earl of Ormonde and 8th Earl of Ossory ("de jure") was born before 1744 and died on 24 June 1766.
 He was the son of Thomas Butler of Garryricken and Lady Margaret Burke who was the daughter of William Burke, 7th Earl of Clanricarde.
 Upon the death of Charles Butler (14th Earl of Ormonde), his only surviving sister, Lady Elizabeth Butler inherited her brother's estate in 1760.
 Lady Elizabeth was the daughter of Thomas Butler, 6th Earl of Ossory.
 John Butler succeeded his cousin as Earl of Ormonde, but he did not assume the honours.
 He married Bridget Stacey in 1763 but had no children; she remarried Allen Walter.
William John Butler (1818–1894) was an English churchman, Dean of Lincoln from 1885 until his death.
 He was previously Vicar of the Church of St Peter and St Paul, Wantage from 1847 to 1881, where he founded the Community of St Mary the Virgin.
St. Mary's School, Pune, India, was founded in 1866 to cater to the education of the daughters of officers of the British Indian Army who were posted to Pune.
 From 1866 to 1977, the school was run by the Sisters of the Community of St Mary the Virgin, an Anglican order based in Wantage, England.
Tilbury and Chadwell St Mary Excellence Cluster was a cooperative group of schools brought together under the government's Excellence in Cities initiative.
 The purpose of the cluster was to raise standards of attainment for all children in cluster schools and to support the new Gateway school.
 The original schools were Chadwell St Mary Primary School, Corringham Primary School, Grays Convent, Hassenbrook School, Herringham Primary School, Jack Lobley Primary School, Landsdowne Primary School, St Chad's Comprehensive School, Torrell's Comprehensive School, Tilbury Manor Infant School, Tilbury Manor Junior School, Tilbury St Mary's RC Primary School and Woodside Primary School.
 Schools outside of Chadwell St Mary or Tilbury were included either to add capacity or because a large number of their children came from the area.
 Jack Lobley school was closed in 2003 but the building was used for a while to house a cluster Inclusion Centre.
 St Chad's and Torrell's were also closed and reopened as one fresh start school; The Gateway Community College, which has since become The Gateway Academy but continues to have problems.
 Standards and attendance are still significantly below average.
 Excellence Clusters were originally given additional funding to development provisions over a four "strands": learning mentors, learning support units, gifted and talented and a tailored strand decided by each cluster which is in this case is school improvement.
Jasper Douglas Pyne (1847 – 14 November 1888) was an Irish nationalist politician from County Waterford who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1885 until his unexplained death.
 Pyne was the fourth child of the Reverend William Masters Pyne and his wife Marian.
 Rev W M Pyne came from Ballyvolane near Cork but he was the Rector of St Mary's Church in Oxted, Surrey from 1828 to 1869, a remarkable tenure of 41 years.
 The Pyne family lived in the Rectory (now called Oxted Place) until the Rev W M Pyne inherited Ballyvolane House on his father's death.
The Community of St Mary the Virgin (CSMV) is an Anglican religious order based at Wantage in Oxfordshire, England.
 It was founded in 1848 by the vicar of Wantage, the Reverend William John Butler and is one of the oldest surviving religious communities in the Church of England.
The 1838 Nova Scotia Census shows James Franey and Patrick Franey enumerated in Sherbrooke Settlement, Lunenburg Co.
 They are listed as the second and third household respectively.
 The first head of household listed in Sherbrooke is John Butler who was the father of Mary Butler, wife of the above Patrick Franey.
 Nearby Butler Lake was named after John Butler.
 The fourth head of household listed is John Connell, husband of James Franey's daughter Ann.
 The fifth head of household listed is William Tobin, husband of James Franey's daughter Margaret.
 The Franey name was also given to nearby Franey Lake, Franey Brook, and Franey Hill.
 The Franey family originated in New Ross, County Wexford, Ireland, arriving in Nova Scotia supposedly around 1824 when Patrick was a boy aged ten years.
 Patrick had two other sisters - Margaret who married Patrick Donnellan in Newfoundland before being one of the original settlers in Dalhousie Settlement in 1817, and Mary who married Charles McClintock in 1835.
 Donnellan Stillwater in East Dalhousie and McClintock Brook on the Dalhousie Road are named for those two families.
 Donnellan Brook on the Bay of Fundy is named after Patrick and Eleanor's son John Donnellan who married Anne Ogilvie.
 By the taking of the 1911 census, the Franeys had all left Franey Corner.
 Patrick Franey had eleven children.
 Of his sons, Martin's family were living in East Dalhousie, John's family was living in Weston, David and Albert were in Kentville, James, Ned, and Will were living in Aylesford, and Robert had moved to Washington State.
The Rev. Wm James Reid House is a historic frame vernacular home, located in Fort Meade, Florida and was built between 1899-1914.
 It was built over another structure sometime in the late 1880s, ( as the lot appears in an 1880s survey).
 The property which compromises of Orange Ave and Oak St were part of the Jack Robeson addition, which the house sits on today.
 One of the last two surviving carriage stones, in Polk County, was located in front of the home for more than 100 years.
 It was originally owned by Reverend William James Reid (1858–1931) and Stella C. Reid (1869–1954) from Hanceville, AL.
 Mr. Wm James Reid was a minister for the "North Alabama Conference Methodist Church South."
 The home was later owned by his son Claude 'Cauntess' Reid (1894–1976), who lived in the house until his death in 1976.
 After Claude's death, the home was left in the possession of his sister Carrie B. Reid (1898–2001).
 The home was left vacant for many years and was then sold to the Harpe Family sometime around 1985.
Reverend William David Rudland (1839–1912) was a Christian Evangelist from Cambridge, England, and pioneering member of the China Inland Mission.
 Described as a man of intense purpose, Reverend Rudland brought simplicity, humility, and a focus on realism to those he met.
 Rising above a difficult beginning, he pragmatically tackled obstacles keeping his focus on stretching his hand out in friendship to the Chinese people.
 His organization, supervision, and a firm belief in native ministry built a single church in Taizhou, Zhejiang,China, into thirty-one outstations and baptized almost two thousand converts in twenty-eight years.
 He translated the New Testament and most of the Old Testament into a Romanized Taizhou dialect.
 He supervised the printing and oversaw distribution for several thousand documents in the local dialect.
 Reverend Rudland brought new technology to the press room which improved quality and quantity.
 He served as printing supervisor for the other mission districts as well.
 The British & Foreign Bible Society appointed him Honorary Governor for Life in 1911.
 Reverend William Rudland was the last surviving adult member of the Lammermuir Party before his death in 1912.
John Butler, Earl of Gowran (1643–1677) was a British peer.
 he was the seventh son of James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde and his wife, Elizabeth.
 Known prior to his elevation to the peerage as Lord John Butler, he was created Earl of Gowran in 1676.
