Arundel Castle Cricket Ground is a cricket ground in Arundel, West Sussex, England, nearby to Arundel Castle.
 It has been in use since 1952.
 The ground was first used by the Sussex 1st XI in 1972 for limited-over matches and in 1990 for County Championship matches.
 As of the end of the 2015 English cricket season, Arundel Castle has hosted 32 first-class matches, 20 List A matches, and 5 T20 matches.
 In the 2016 season the ground is scheduled to host one County Championship match and one T20 match.
Arundel Castle is a restored medieval castle.
RMS "Arundel Castle" was a British ocean liner and Royal Mail Ship which entered service in 1921 for the Union-Castle Line.
 A previous vessel of the same name was built in 1864 by Donald Currie & Co. (a predecessor to Union-Castle) and sold in 1883, whereupon it was renamed "Chittagong".
 Originally laid down as the "Amroth Castle" in 1915, building was delayed by the First World War.
 She was eventually launched on 11 September 1919.
Hugh d'Aubigny, 5th Earl of Arundel (died 7 May 1243) was the last in the Aubigny male line to hold the Arundel Castle.
Clun Castle is a ruined castle in the small town of Clun, Shropshire.
 Clun Castle was established by the Norman lord Robert de Say after the Norman invasion of England and went on to become an important Marcher lord castle in the 12th century, with an extensive castle-guard system.
 Owned for many years by the Fitzalan family, Clun played a key part in protecting the region from Welsh attack until it was gradually abandoned as a property in favour of the more luxurious Arundel Castle.
 The Fitzalans converted Clun Castle into a hunting lodge in the 14th century, complete with pleasure gardens, but by the 16th century the castle was largely ruined.
 Slighted in 1646 after the English Civil War Clun remained in poor condition until renovation work in the 1890s.
The Fitzalan Chapel is located within the eastern end of the church building constructed on the western grounds of Arundel Castle.
 This church building is one of the very few church buildings that is currently divided into two worship areas, one Catholic and one Anglican, with the western side of the church building occupied by the Anglican church of St Nicholas.
 The Catholic chapel, now the private mausoleum of the Dukes of Norfolk, is a Grade I listed building.
Sport in Sussex forms an important part of the culture of Sussex.
 With a centuries-long tradition of sport, Sussex has played a key role in the early development of both cricket and stoolball.
 Cricket is recognised as having been formed in the Weald and Sussex CCC is England's oldest county cricket club.
 Slindon Cricket Club dominated the sport for a while in the 18th century.
 The cricket ground at Arundel Castle traditionally plays host to a Duchess of Norfolk's XI which plays the national test sides touring England.
 The sport of stoolball is also associated with Sussex, which has a claim to be where the sport originated and certainly where its revival took place in the early 20th century.
 Sussex is represented in the Football League by Brighton & Hove Albion and Crawley Town.
 Brighton has been a League member since 1920, whereas Crawley was promoted to the League in 2011.
 Sussex has had its own football association, since 1882 and its own football league, which has since expanded into Surrey, since 1920.
 In horse racing, Sussex is home to Goodwood, Fontwell Park, Brighton and Plumpton.
 The All England Jumping Course show jumping facility at Hickstead is situated 8 mi north of Brighton and Hove.
The GB Theatre Company is a British touring company that specialises in outdoor productions of Shakespeare.
 Founded in 2010 by Gillian Roca and Barrie Palmer.
 The first productions in 2010 were "As You Like It" directed by Neil Sheppeck and "Merry Wives of Windsor" directed by Jenny Stephens.
 The productions were played in rep and starred Gabriel Thomson, Matt Milburn, Stacey Roca and Alexander Delamere.
 The tour took in Dublin's Trinity College, Ramme Gaard in Norway, Prague Castle, Norwich Cathedral, Kentwell Hall and Arundel Castle.
The Duke of Norfolk is the premier Duke in the peerage of England, and also, as Earl of Arundel, the premier Earl.
 The Duke of Norfolk is, moreover, the Earl Marshal and hereditary Marshal of England.
 The seat of the Duke of Norfolk is Arundel Castle in Sussex, although the title refers to the county of Norfolk.
 The current Duke of Norfolk is Edward Fitzalan-Howard, 18th Duke of Norfolk.
 The dukes have historically been Catholic, a state of affairs known as recusancy in England.
Arundel Castle is a restored and remodelled medieval castle in Arundel, West Sussex, England.
 It was established by Roger de Montgomery on Christmas Day 1067.
 Roger became the first to hold the earldom of Arundel by the graces of William the Conqueror.
 The castle was damaged in the English Civil War and then restored in the 18th and 19th centuries.
