Henri Christophe (] ; 6 October 1767 – 8 October 1820; used the anglicized version of Henry Christopher) was a former slave of Bambara ethnicity, and perhaps of Ibo descent, and key leader in the Haitian Revolution, which succeeded in gaining independence from France in 1804.
 In 1805 he took part under Jean-Jacques Dessalines in the capturing of Santo Domingo (now Dominican Republic), against French forces who acquired the colony from Spain in the Treaty of Basel.
The State of Haiti (French: État d'Haïti, Haitian: Leta an Ayiti) was the name of the state in northern Haiti.
 It was created on October 17, 1806 following the overthrow of the Empire of Haiti following the assassination of Emperor Jacques I.
 The northern State of Haiti was ruled by Henri Christophe originally as "Provisional Chief of the Haitian Government" from October 17, 1806 until February 17, 1807 when he became "President of the State of Haiti".
 The 1807 constitution for the State of Haiti made the post of president a position for life with the president having the power to appoint his successor.
 On March 28, 1811 President Henri was proclaimed King Henry I, thereby dissolving the State of Haiti and creating the Kingdom of Haiti.
The Citadelle Laferrière or, Citadelle Henry Christophe, or simply the Citadelle (English: Citadel ), is a large mountaintop fortress in Nord, Haiti, located on top of the mountain Bonnet a L’Eveque, approximately 17 mi south of the city of Cap-Haïtien, 10 mi southwest of the Three Bays Protected Area, and 5 mi uphill from the town of Milot.
 It is one of the largest fortresses in the Americas and was designated by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) as a World Heritage Site in 1982—along with the nearby Sans-Souci Palace.
 The mountaintop fortress has itself become an icon of Haiti.
 The Citadel was built by Henri Christophe, a key leader during the Haitian slave rebellion (1791–1804), after Haiti gained independence from France at the beginning of the 19th century.
Jean-Baptiste Sans-Souci was a leader of rebel slaves during the Haitian Revolution.
 He was assassinated by rival black rebel leader, Henri Christophe, in 1803, shortly before Haiti won its independence.
 Sans-Souci is notable as one of the most effective military leaders during the revolution, particularly against French forces led by Charles Leclerc in 1802 and 1803.
Henri Christophe: A Chronicle in Seven Scenes (1949) is the first play by Derek Walcott, written when he was 19 years old.
 It is about the self-declared King Henri Christophe of Haiti, a former slave who became a general under Toussaint Louverture in the Haitian Revolution.
 Later, he ruled the northern part of the nation from 1807 to 1820, first as president and from 1811 as king.
 At the time the South was governed by the president Alexandre Pétion, a "gens de couleur" (free man of color; in Haiti, such people were generally of French and African descent).
The Haitian Revolution (French: "Révolution haïtienne" ] ) was a successful anti-slavery and anti-colonial insurrection by self-liberated slaves against French colonial rule in Saint-Domingue, now the sovereign nation of Haiti.
 It began in 1791 and ended in 1804 with the former colony's independence.
 It was the only slave uprising that led to the founding of a state, which was both free from slavery, and ruled by non-whites and former captives.
 With the recent increase in Haitian Revolutionary Studies, it is now widely seen as a defining moment in the history of racism in the Atlantic World.
The Northern Kingdom of Haiti (French: Royaume d'Haïti, Haitian Creole: Ini an Ayiti) was the state established by Henri Christophe on 28 March 1811 when he was self-proclaimed as King Henri I after having previously ruled as president.
 This was Haiti's second attempt at monarchical rule, as Jean-Jacques Dessalines had previously ruled over the Empire of Haiti.
 Following the assassination of Emperor Jacques, the country was split.
 Henri ruled over the north of the country as President of the State of Haiti and Alexandre Pétion, a free person of color, ruled as President of the Republic of Haiti in the south.
Pompée Valentin Vastey (1781 - 1820), or Pompée Valentin, Baron de Vastey, was a Haitian writer, educator, and politician.
 Vastey was what people at the time called a "mulatto," because he was born to a white French father and a black Haitian mother.
 He served as secretary to King Henri Christophe and tutor to Christophe's son, Victor Henri.
 Vastey also claimed to have fought in Toussaint’s army and is said to have been the second cousin of the French novelist and playwright Alexandre Dumas (Daut 56; see also, Griggs 181).
 Vastey is best known for his essays on the history and contemporary circumstances of Haiti.
Slavery in Ethiopia existed for centuries.
 The practice formed an integral part of Ethiopian society, from its earliest days through to the 20th century.
 Slaves were traditionally drawn from the Nilotic groups inhabiting Ethiopia's southern hinterland.
 War captives were another source of slaves, though the perception, treatment and duties of these prisoners was markedly different.
 Slaves were also sold abroad as part of the Arab slave trade, serving as concubines, bodyguards, servants and treasurers.
 In response to pressure by Western Allies of World War II, Ethiopia officially abolished slavery and involuntary servitude after having regained its independence in 1942.
 On 26 August 1942, Haile Selassie issued a proclamation outlawing slavery.
François-Ferdinand Henri Christophe (1794 October 7, 1805) was the eldest son and first child of Field General Henri Christophe, future King of Haiti, and his wife, Marie-Louise Coidavid.
 Because he was both born and died before his father's ascension as King, in 1811, he was never Prince Royal of Haiti, nor was he ever heir apparent to the throne.
