Speedland: The Premium Best Re Tracks is a greatest hits package by Japanese female pop group, Speed, released on August 5, 2009.
 It features several brand new recordings of their past hits completely reworked and rearranged.
 Their debut single, "Body & Soul" and "White Love" are some of the songs tentatively being included on the album.
 It is released in a regular single disc edition and a CD+DVD edition.
 First pressings of the album include a cellphone strap and a poster.
Jay Park (Korean name: Park Jae-beom, Hangul: 박재범, Hanja: 朴載範; born April 25, 1987) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, dancer, record producer, model, choreographer, entrepreneur and actor.
 He is a member of the Seattle-based b-boy crew, Art of Movement (AOM), and founder and Co-CEO of the independent hip hop record label AOMG & his New Global Label H1GHR MUSIC.
 He also signed with the record label Roc Nation, becoming the first Asian-American to do so.
 As Park grew up as a b-boy and dancer, he has become known for these skills, as well as his charismatic performances and stage presence.
 Park was described as a "born entertainer" by Korean pop singer Patti Kim, and "The New York Times" quoted the president of digital music distributor DFSB Kollective describing Park as "not just an artist, but also his own PR agent, fan club president, and TV network."
 Park also branched out into entrepreneurship where he became the founder and CEO of the AOMG, a Korean independent record label specializing in hip hop.
"Charlotte" is a single by Bournemouth-based alternative rock band Air Traffic.
 Taken from the band's debut studio album "Fractured Life", the track was released through Tiny Consumer, a record label division of EMI.
 "Charlotte" was first released as part of the band's debut single, a double a-side with "Just Abuse Me", on July 17, 2006.
 The single was released as the fifth in a series of black and white vinyls by Label Fandango - the independent record label of live music promotion company Club Fandango - which was the band's record label at the time.
Epitaph Records is a Hollywood-based independent record label owned by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz.
 The label was originally "just a logo and a P.O. box" created in the 1980s for the purpose of selling Bad Religion records, but has evolved into a large independent record label.
 Gurewitz took the name from a King Crimson song of the same name.
 Throughout the 1980s and 1990s most of the bands on Epitaph were punk and pop punk groups, while there are many post-hardcore and bands signed to the label as well.
 A large portion of the record label, known as Hellcat Records, is owned by Tim Armstrong, frontman of the punk rock band Rancid.
 Several sister-labels also exist, such as ANTI-, Burning Heart Records, Fat Possum Records, Hellcat Records and Heart & Skull Records that have signed other types of bands.
 The label has recently been added to the Forza Horizon franchise as a radio station.
"White Love" is the second collaboration single by labelmates K.Will, Sistar and Boyfriend, released under the name Starship Planet (Starship Entertainment).
 This digital single project is a way of thanking the fans who have cheered on Starship.
 The special digital single was released digitally on November 29, 2012.
General Admission is the second studio album by American rapper Machine Gun Kelly.
 It was released on October 16, 2015, by his indie record label EST 19XX, distributed by Bad Boy and Interscope Records.
 The album was supported by two singles: "Till I Die" and "A Little More" featuring Victoria Monet.
"Melt!"
 is a song by English post-punk band Siouxsie and the Banshees.
 It was released in 1982 by record label Polydor as a double A-sided single with the song "Il est né, le divin Enfant" and is the second and final single from the band's fifth studio album, "A Kiss in the Dreamhouse" ("Il est né, le divin Enfant" does not appear on that album).
"White Love" is a single by Japanese girl group Speed.
 It was released on October 15, 1997.
 It was number-one on the "Oricon" Weekly Singles Chart.
 It was the 10th best-selling single in Japan in 1997, with 1.164 million copies sold and it has sold a total of 1.845 million copies.
Starship Entertainment () is a South Korean record label established in 2008 by Kim Shi Dae.
 Formerly home to girl group Sistar, it currently manages artists such as K.Will, Soyou, Boyfriend, Mad Clown, Junggigo, Jooyoung, Monsta X, Yoo Seung-woo, Brother Su, Cosmic Girls, #Gun, Mind U, Duetto and Jeong Se-woon.
 In November 2013, it became an independent subsidiary label of LOEN Entertainment.
Morning Dove White is the only album from club-oriented Scottish alternative dance act One Dove.
 The album was released in 1993.
 The songs "Breakdown", "Fallen", "(The Transient) Truth", "White Love", and "Why Don't You Take Me" were released as singles or 12" singles before the album came out and were very popular, building anticipation for the album which was delayed because of label politics.
