Tales of Old Grand Daddy is the only album released by the Marcus Hook Roll Band, in Australia in 1973.
 The album is noted for being the recording debut of future AC/DC founders Angus Young and Malcolm Young.
The Diam Piece is the fifth studio album by American rapper Diamond D.
 The album was released on September 30, 2014, by Dymond Mine Records.
 The album features guest appearances from Pharoahe Monch, Talib Kweli, Elzhi, Skyzoo, Fat Joe, Chi Ali, Freddie Foxxx, Pete Rock, The Pharcyde, Scram Jones, Rapsody, Boog Brown, Stacy Epps, Black Rob, Kurupt, Tha Alkaholiks, Hi-Tek, A.G., Chino XL, The Alchemist, Evidence, Grand Daddy I.U., Kev Brown, Masta Ace, Guilty Simpson and Ras Kass.
Wagah (Urdu: ‎ , Punjabi: ) is a village situated in Lahore District, Punjab, Pakistan and serves as a goods transit terminal and a railway station between Pakistan and India, and lies on the old Grand Trunk Road between Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan and Amritsar, India.
 The border is located 24 km from Lahore and 32 km from Amritsar.
 It is also 3 km from the bordering village of Attari.
Professor @ Large is the fourth album by Large Professor released on June 26, 2012 under the label Fat Beats.
 Guest appearances by Action Bronson, Cormega, Roc Marciano, Mic Geronimo, Busta Rhymes, Grand Daddy I.U., Tragedy Khadafi, Lil' Fame of M.O.P, & Saigon.
The Bitch Is Back is the second and final album released by rapper Roxanne Shanté.
 It was released on October 5, 1992, on Cold Chillin' Records sub-label Livin' Large, was distributed by Tommy Boy/Warner Bros.
 Records, and featured production by Kool G Rap, Grand Daddy IU, Large Professor, Mister Cee, Trackmasters, and Grandmaster Flash.
Smooth Assassin is the debut album by Grand Daddy I.U., which was released on October 16, 1990, on Cold Chillin' Records.
 The entire album was produced by Biz Markie, with Cutmaster Cool V serving as both the co-producer and mixer of the album.
Lead Pipe is the second album by Grand Daddy I.U., which was released on June 21, 1994, on Cold Chillin' through Epic Records.
 The entire album (with the exception of "Blast a New Asshole") was produced by Grand Daddy I.U. and Kay Cee.
Tennessee State Route 368 is a Tennessee designated state route in Grand Junction, Tennessee.
 It is approximately 1.7 miles long.
 It begins as a fork in the road from Tennessee State Route 18 and travels nearly due south, intercepting Old Grand Junction Road and Summit Street.
 From this point it runs slightly parallel to the rarely used Mississippi Central Railroad and Tippah Street.
 It intercepts Tennessee State Route 57 as a T-junction in downtown Grand Junction, Tennessee and stops there.
Grand Daddy I.U. is an American emcee who was born in Queens, New York, active during the golden age of hip-hop.
 He states his nom de plume is similar to the pronunciation of his first name, "Ayyub" ("ah-yoob").
The Iron Wolf (Lithuanian: "Geležinis Vilkas" ) is a mythical character from a medieval legend of the founding of Vilnius, the capital city of the old Grand Duchy of Lithuania and modern Republic of Lithuania.
 First found in the Lithuanian Chronicles, the legend shares certain similarities with the Capitoline Wolf and possibly reflected Lithuanian desire to showcase their legendary origins from the Roman Empire (see the Palemonids).
 The legend became popular during the era of Romantic nationalism.
 Today Iron Wolf is one of the symbols of Vilnius and is used by sports teams, Lithuanian military, scouting organizations, and others.
