The Staffordshire helmet is an Anglo-Saxon helmet discovered in 2009 as part of the Staffordshire Hoard.
 It is part of the largest discovery of contemporary gold and silver metalwork in Britain, comprising nearly 4,000 pieces.
 Following those found at Benty Grange, Sutton Hoo, Coppergate, Wollaston, and Shorwell, it is only the sixth known Anglo-Saxon helmet.
Head Impact Telemetry (HIT) System technology was developed by Simbex (Lebanon, NH) with support from the National Institutes of Health (NIH; R44HD40743 and R01HD048638) to measure and record "in vivo" head impact exposure (i.e. frequency, location, and kinematics of head impact).
 Since 2003, the core technology, which includes an array of non-orthogonal accelerometers, data acquisition, RF telemetry hardware, and post-processing software, has been used in a variety of sport and military applications to investigate the relationship between head kinematics and brain injury.
 This research has enabled and contributed to improved helmet design and testing methods, changes to sporting rules and regulations, and novel approaches to improve player safety.
 Additionally, HIT System technology is the essential feature of Riddell’s Sideline Response System (SRS) - a real-time monitoring tool used by American football teams to manage an athlete’s head impact exposure.
English riding is a form of horse riding seen throughout the world.
 There are many variations, but all feature a flat English saddle without the deep seat, high cantle or saddle horn seen on a Western saddle nor the knee pads seen on an Australian Stock Saddle.
 Saddles within the various English disciplines are all designed to allow the horse the freedom to move in the optimal manner for a given task, ranging from classical dressage to horse racing.
 English bridles also vary in style based on discipline, but most feature some type of cavesson noseband as well as closed reins, buckled together at the ends, that prevents them from dropping on the ground if a rider becomes unseated.
 Clothing for riders in competition is usually based on traditional needs from which a specific style of riding developed, but most standards require, as a minimum, boots; breeches or jodhpurs; a shirt with some form of tie or stock; a hat, cap, or equestrian helmet; and a jacket.
The Hoosier Helmet Trophy is the name of the rivalry trophy between the Butler Bulldogs and the Valparaiso Crusaders.
 Both schools are members of the Pioneer Football League.
 Butler and Valparaiso first played in 1927, and have played each other in football every year since 1951.
 The two teams have met 75 times on the football field, with Butler currently holding a 50–25 edge in the all time series.
 In 2006, at the suggestion of Butler head coach Jeff Voris, the Hoosier Helmet Trophy was created to commemorate and intensify the long-standing rivalry between the two schools.
The Shorwell helmet is an Anglo-Saxon spangenhelm type helmet found near Shorwell on the Isle of Wight in 2006.
 Together with those from Benty Grange, Sutton Hoo, Coppergate, Wollaston, and Staffordshire, it is one of only six known Anglo-Saxon helmets.
The Coppergate Helmet (also known as the York Helmet) is an eighth-century Anglo-Saxon helmet found in York.
 It is remarkably well preserved and, together with the Benty Grange, Pioneer, Shorwell, Sutton Hoo, and Staffordshire helmets, is one of only six Anglo-Saxon helmets discovered to date.
The Benty Grange helmet is an archaeological artefact excavated by Thomas Bateman on 3 May 1848 from an Anglo-Saxon tumulus (or "barrow") at the Benty Grange Farm in the civil parish of Monyash in the English county of Derbyshire.
The Helmet is an informal term for a highland mass within southern Oceanus Procellarum on the near side of the Moon.
 The astronauts of Apollo 16 used the term to refer to the feature during the mission.
 The name derives from the roughly semicircular shape of the border of the feature, resembling a helmet.
 The feature is topographically higher and of a higher albedo than the surrounding mare lava plain.
Maurice Fernez (30 August 1885 - 31 January 1952, Alfortville, Paris, France) was a French inventor and pioneer in the field of underwater breathing apparatus, respirators and gas masks.
 He was pivotal in the transition of diving from the tethered diving helmet and suit of the nineteenth century to the free diving with self-contained equipment of the twentieth century.
 All Fernez invented apparatus were surface-supplied but his inventions, especially his mouthpiece equipped with a one-way valve, inspired the scuba diving pioneer Yves le Prieur.
 He was also a talented businessman who created a company to manufacture and sell the breathing apparatus he invented, and expanded its range of products to include gas masks, respirators and filters.
The Pioneer Helmet (also known as Wollaston Helmet or Northamptonshire Helmet) is a 7th-century Anglo-Saxon boar-crested helm found by archaeologists from Northamptonshire Archaeology at a quarry site operated by Pioneer Aggregates.
 This helmet is very similar in its basic design to the Coppergate Helmet, although it is much larger, and was likely to have had two cheek plates (of which only one remained) and a nasal (which was bent inwards at the time of deposition to render the piece unwearable).
 A simple iron boar crest adorns the top of this helmet associating it with the Benty Grange helmet and the Guilden Morden boar from the same period, and descriptions in the poem Beowulf.
 The helmet accompanied the burial of a young male, possibly laid on a bed with a pattern welded sword, small knife, hanging bowl, three iron buckles and a copper alloy clothes hook.
