The New Year Parade is a 2008 drama film filmed and directed by Tom Quinn with lighting and audio work by Mark Doyle.
 The film won the Grand Jury Prize for Best Narrative at the 2008 Slamdance Film Festival and the award for Best Acting Ensemble at the 2008 Ashland Independent Film Festival.
 At the 2008 BendFilm Festival, Quinn won the award for Best Director, while Jennifer Welsh won the award for Best Supporting Actress.
 The film was nominated for an IFP Gotham Award in 2008 for "Best Film Not At A Theater Near You" while Quinn and co-Producer Steve Beal were nominated for a 2010 Independent Spirit Award in the John Cassavetes Award section for their work on the film.
In the Company of Men is a 1997 Canadian/American black comedy written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Aaron Eckhart, Matt Malloy, and Stacy Edwards.
 The film, which was adapted from a play written by LaBute, and served as his feature film debut, won him the Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
 It is usually given to the director (or directors) and producer (or producers).
 The "first feature" designation is applied to the director not the producer(s).
 Therefore, producers have been nominated multiple times.
Some Girl(s) is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Daisy von Scherler Mayer and written by Neil LaBute.
 It is based on the play of the same name, also written by LaBute.
 The film stars Adam Brody, Kristen Bell, Zoe Kazan, Mía Maestro, Jennifer Morrison and Emily Watson.
 The film was released on June 26, 2013, by Leeden Media.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography is one of the annual awards given by Independent Spirit Awards, a non-profit organization dedicated to independent film and independent filmmakers.
Wash Westmoreland, also called Wash West, (born 4 March 1966) is an independent film director who has worked in television, documentaries, and independent films.
 His 2006 release, "Quinceañera", had a double Sundance win (Audience Award and Grand Jury Prize), and it also picked up the Humanitas Prize and the John Cassavetes Spirit Award.
 In 2008, Westmoreland produced an MTV film "Pedro" about AIDS activist Pedro Zamora that was introduced on MTV by U.S. President Bill Clinton.
 Working with his partner Richard Glatzer, he directed "The Last of Robin Hood" in 2012 starring Kevin Kline, Susan Sarandon, and Dakota Fanning that was released in August 2014 by Goldwyn.
 The duo's next film "Still Alice", based on Lisa Genova's NYT bestselling book, starred Julianne Moore, Kristen Stewart, and Alec Baldwin.
 It premiered at Toronto International Film Festival in 2014 and was immediately picked up for distribution by Sony Picture Classics.
 It went on to win many awards, especially for leading actress Julianne Moore, who won the SAG Award, the Independent Spirit Award, the BAFTA and the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Neil N. LaBute (born March 19, 1963) is an American film director, screenwriter, playwright and actor.
 He is best-known for a play that he wrote and later turned into a film, "In the Company of Men" (1997), which won awards from the Sundance Film Festival, the Independent Spirit Awards, and the New York Film Critics Circle.
 He wrote and directed the films "Possession" (2002) (based on the A.S. Byatt novel), "The Shape of Things" (2003) (based on his play of the same name), "The Wicker Man" (2006), "Some Velvet Morning" (2013), and "Dirty Weekend" (2015).
 He directed the films "Nurse Betty" (2000), "Lakeview Terrace" (2008), and "Death at a Funeral" (2010).
 LaBute created the TV series "Billy & Billie", writing and directing all of the episodes and is also creator of "Van Helsing".
 He also directed several episodes for shows such as "Hell on Wheels" and "Billions".
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
 Alan Arkin, Christopher Plummer, Jared Leto, and J. K. Simmons are the only actors to have won both this award and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor the same year.
The Shape of Things is a 2001 play by American author and film director Neil LaBute and a 2003 American romantic drama film.
 It premièred at the Almeida Theatre, London in 2001 with Paul Rudd as Adam, Rachel Weisz as Evelyn, Gretchen Mol as Jenny, and Fred Weller as Phillip.
 The play was directed by LaBute himself.
 According to the author's instructions, it is to be performed without an interval or a curtain call.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Editing is one of the annual awards given by Independent Spirit Awards, a non-profit organization dedicated to independent film and independent filmmakers.
