The Society of the Governor and Assistants, London, of the New Plantation in Ulster, within the Realm of Ireland, commonly called the Irish Society or The Honourable The Irish Society, is a consortium of livery companies of the City of London set up in 1613 to colonise County Londonderry during the Plantation of Ulster.
 It was incorporated by royal charter of James I and consists of "six and twenty honest and discreet citizens of London" nominated by the livery companies.
 In its first decades it rebuilt the city of Derry and town of Coleraine, and for centuries it owned property and fishing rights near both towns.
 Some of the society's profits were used to develop the economy and infrastructure of the area, while some was returned to the London investors, and some used for charitable work.
Camp Meeker is an unincorporated community, Sonoma County, United States, located on the Bohemian Highway, between Occidental and Monte Rio.
 It has approximately 350 homes on properties ranging from a couple thousand square feet to many acres, some flat and sunny, some on steep narrow gauge railroad type one-way streets.
 The population hovers around 425.
The Preserve at Sharp Mountain (also called The Sharp Mountain Preserve) is a nature-based community located near Jasper, Georgia in Pickens County.
 It is one of three mountain communities in Pickens County, and the only one dedicated to maintaining its natural amenities.
 There are 12 mi of paved roads running through the community, but the population density is intentionally low (approximately 300 lots over 1600 acre ranging in size from a minimum of 3 acre to a maximum of 37 acres.)
 The Preserve at Sharp Mountain was named the "Best Community for Outdoor Lovers" by Pinnacle Living magazine, Unlike many planned communities, the Preserve at Sharp Mountain does not have swimming pools and tennis courts with club houses or golf courses.
 Instead, the Preserve at Sharp Mountain offers many acres of green space, hiking and nature trails, a nature pavilion, waterfalls, a bird sanctuary, a butterfly garden and various nature parks.
 The community is gated to restrict use of its 12 mi of privately owned roads to those living in the community.
 The Preserve at Sharp Mountain was developed by Four Seasons originally, which later became Naterra Land.
 Naterra's stated goal in all of its projects is "to better connect people with nature."
 Naterra Land sold out all of its inventory in the Preserve, and control of the community is now governed by a Property Owners' Association (POA).
 In 2011, the Preserve Association switched from being an HOA (Home Owners' Association) to being a POA (Property Owners' Association), each being viewed differently under Georgia law.
 In 2008 the Preserve became a recognized member of the national Firewise communities program and is one of the 13 in Georgia.
Spring Hill Nurseries is a mail-order garden center based in Tipp City, Ohio.
 Founded in 1849, Spring Hill Nurseries is one of the oldest gardening companies in the United States.
 The company specializes in garden plants, garden designs, perennials, shrubs, ground covers and gardening supplies.
 Spring Hill distributes catalogs nationwide and maintains a substantial presence online.
 One of the largest companies in the gardening industry, Spring Hill Nurseries’ headquarters features many acres of greenhouses and trial gardens.
Letchworth Village was a residential institution located in Rockland County, New York, in the hamlet of Thiells built for the physically and mentally disabled of all ages, from the newborn to the elderly.
 Opened in 1911, Letchworth Village at its peak consisted of over 130 buildings spread out over many acres of land.
 It was named for William Pryor Letchworth, who espoused reform in the treatment and care of the insane, epileptics, and poor children.
Charles Henry Hackley (January 3, 1837 – January 10, 1905), son of Joseph H. Hackley and Salina Fuller Hackley, was born in Michigan City, Indiana, on January 3, 1837.
 He was an important figure in the history of Muskegon, Michigan.
 With his father he arrived in Muskegon in 1856 from Indiana to work on the creation of the early Michigan roadways.
 Later he became the owner of many acres of cutting grounds throughout Michigan.
 Later on (with business partner Thomas Hume) he opened the Hackley-Hume Lumber Mill on Muskegon Lake in 1854.
 After many successful years the mill of operation, the mill closed in 1894, after most of Michigan's Lower Peninsula had been effectively deforested.
 While many lumber mill owners moved their operations to the Pacific Northwest, Hackley remained in Muskegon and focused on urban revitalization of that city.
Bermuda Hundred was the first incorporated town in the English colony of Virginia.
 It was founded by Sir Thomas Dale in 1613, six years after Jamestown.
 At the southwestern edge of the confluence of the Appomattox and James Rivers opposite City Point, annexed to Hopewell, Virginia in 1923, Bermuda Hundred was a port town for many years.
 The terminology "Bermuda Hundred" also included a large area adjacent to the town.
 In the colonial era, "hundreds" were large developments of many acres, arising from the English term to define an area which would support one hundred homesteads.
 The port at the town of Bermuda Hundred was intended to serve other "hundreds" in addition to Bermuda Hundred.
Under the surface at the bottom of the lake there is ice age water.
 The Honourable The Irish Society have leased the fishing rights to the local Strathfoyle Community Association as many local residents use the area for angling and walking.
 Enagh Lough is an outstanding area of natural beauty, with vivid wildlife including red squirrels and Pipistrelle bats, both of which are fast becoming scarce in Northern Ireland.
 Also situated on the lough is Green Island, also known as Templetown Island or Enagh Crannog, which is accessible by wading.
The Governor of Londonderry and Culmore was a British military appointment.
 The Governor was the officer who commanded the garrison and fortifications of the city of Derry and of Culmore fort.
 The Governor was paid by The Honourable The Irish Society.
The 2011 Souris River flood was greater than the hundred-year flooding event for the Souris.
 The US Army Corps of Engineers estimated the flood to have a recurrence interval between 200 and 500 years.
 The Souris River is a tributary of the Assiniboine River, which it meets near Treesbank, Manitoba.
 The Assiniboine meets the Red River of the North in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
 The flooding has affected Saskatchewan and North Dakota, and overtopped levees in Minot, North Dakota causing the evacuation of about 11,000 residents.
 The flooding in Minot was worse than the 1969 flood and 1881 flood.
 Many other towns along the river were affected and many acres of farmland were inundated.
