A raw bar is a small restaurant or a bar within a restaurant where live raw shellfish are shucked and served.
 Raw bars typically offer a variety of raw and cooked seafood and shellfish that is served cold.
 Seafood-based dishes may also be proferred, and additional, non-seafood foods may also be part of the fare.
 Raw bars may offer alcoholic beverages such as oyster shooters, as well as wine and sake that is paired with various foods.
 Additional accompaniments may include condiments, sauces and foods such as lemon and lime.
 Several restaurants in the United States offer raw bars, some of which are seasonal.
Beurre Maître d'Hôtel, also referred to as Maître d'Hôtel butter, is a type of compound butter (French: "Beurre composé") of French origin, prepared with butter, parsley, lemon juice, salt and pepper.
 It is a savory butter that is used on meats such as steak (including the chateaubriand sauce for chateaubriand steak), fish, vegetables and other foods.
 It may be used in place of a sauce, and can significantly enhance a dish's flavor.
 Some variations with a sweet flavor exist.
 It is usually served cold as sliced disks on foods, and is sometimes served as a side condiment.
Pub cheese is a type of soft cheese spread and dip prepared using cheese as a primary ingredient.
 It is typically served with crackers or vegetables, whereby the cheese is spread onto these foods, or the foods may be dipped in it.
 It is also used as a topping on sandwiches, such as hamburgers.
 Pub cheese is a traditional bar snack in the United States.
W. Geoff Beattie is a Canadian business executive.
 He received his law degree from the University of Western Ontario in 1984 and served as a partner in the Toronto law firm Torys LLP before joining The Woodbridge Company, where he served as president from 1998 through December 2012.
 The Woodbridge Company Limited is a privately held investment holding company for the of Canada and the majority shareholder of Thomson Reuters, where Beattie served as deputy chairman from 2000 through May 2013 and director from 1998 through May 2013.
 He has served as chief executive officer of Generation Capital since September 2013, and he has served as chairman of Relay Ventures since June 2013.
 He also serves as a member of the board of directors of Royal Bank of Canada (where he serves as the chairman of the Risk Committee) and Maple Leaf Foods Inc.
 In addition to his public company board memberships, Beattie is a trustee of the University Health Network in Toronto.
Elio Leoni Sceti is an Italian businessman and an investor in early-stage technologies.
 He is chairman of [LSG Holdings] and is a non-executive board member of beverage and brewing multinational Anheuser-Busch InBev and of Nomad Foods.
 Between May 2013 and June 2015 he served as the CEO of frozen food company, Iglo Group.
 Following the purchase of Iglo Group by Nomad Foods in May 2015, Leoni Sceti became a director of the business.
Dick W. Emuchay (5 August 1919 – 8 May 2011), also referred to as "D. W. Emuchay", was a Nigerian medical doctor and administrator.
 He served as the first chairman of the Public Service Commission of the East Central State.
 In 1981, Samuel Onunaka Mbakwe, Governor of Imo State, appointed Emuchay as the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman Governing Council of the newly created Imo State University, later Abia State University He served in that position until 1985.
 He is reputed to have set up the first privately run rural hospital, when in 1961 he set up a 180-bed cottage hospital in his home town of Azumini, in Ukwa East, Abia State
University was a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's Green Line; The station was located at 1200 E. 63rd Street in the Woodlawn neighborhood of Chicago.
 University opened on April 23, 1893.
 From December 12, 1982, until January 9, 1994, University served as the terminal of the Jackson Park Branch.
 The station closed on January 9, 1994, when the entire Green Line closed for a renovation and rehabilitation project.
 University did not reopen with the rest of the Green Line on May 12, 1996.
 University was scheduled to be replaced by a new terminal at Dorchester.
 Instead the line was cut back to its current terminal at Cottage Grove.
 The University station was demolished in September 1997 when the City of Chicago demolished the rest of the Jackson Park branch east of Cottage Grove.
A-ration is a term used in the United States armed forces for a meal provided to troops which is prepared using fresh, refrigerated, or frozen foods.
 The use of fresh, refrigerated or frozen foods distinguish 'A' rations from 'B' rations, which use canned or preserved ingredients to enable them to be served without adequate refrigeration or freezer facilities.
 'A' ration meals may be served in dining facilities ("DFAC"), prepared in the field by the use of field kitchens, or prepared at a fixed facility and transported to field locations in containers.
Potato pancakes, latkes or boxties are shallow-fried pancakes of grated or ground potato, flour and egg, often flavored with grated garlic or onion and seasoning.
 They may be topped with a variety of condiments, ranging from the savory (such as sour cream or cottage cheese), to the sweet (such as apple sauce or sugar), or they may be served plain.
 The dish is sometimes made from mashed potatoes to make pancake-shaped croquettes.
Romesco (] ) is a nut and red pepper-based sauce that originated from Tarragona, Catalonia, in Northeastern Spain.
 The fishermen in this area made this sauce to be eaten with fish.
 It is typically made from any mixture of roasted or raw almonds, pine nuts, and/or hazelnuts, roasted garlic, olive or sunflower oil, bitxo peppers (similar to New Mexico chiles) and/or nyora peppers (a sun dried, small, round variety of red bell pepper).
 Flour or ground stale bread may be used as a thickener or to provide texture.
 Other common ingredients include roasted tomatoes, red wine vinegar and onions. Leaves of fennel or mint may be added, particularly if served with fish or escargot.
 It is very often served with seafood, but can also be served with a wide variety of other foods, including poultry and some red meats like lamb and vegetables.
 During the springtime, salsa romesco is served as an accompanying dip for calçots, a spring onion typical to Catalonia, during traditional springtime calçot barbecues called "calçotades".
 During calçotades, calçots are roasted over an open fire until their outer layer is charred.
 The charred layer is then removed and the tender part of the onion may be dipped into the romesco.
