"School Boy Crush" is a song from Average White Band's 1975 album, "Cut the Cake".
 The song is not to be confused with "Schoolboy Crush", which was recorded by American pop singer Bobby Helms, and also UK rocker Cliff Richard as the B-side to his hit "Move It".
Dena Thompson (born 1960) is a former confidence trickster and bigamist.
 She habitually met men through lonely hearts columns and stole their money.
 She is currently in prison for murdering former BT Manager Julian Webb.
 She was acquitted of the attempted murder of a second man, Robert Thompson, and is also suspected of murdering an ex-boyfriend.
 She was sentenced to 16 years in prison at the age of 43.
 She was also convicted of stealing from and defrauding her former lovers.
 Following her conviction Detective Chief Inspector Martyn Underhill, stated: "This woman is every man's nightmare, the most dangerous woman I have ever met.
 For a decade, she has targeted men sexually, financially and physically.
 The men of Britain can sleep safe tonight knowing she has been taken off the streets."
 A judge described her as:
"Halftime" is the 1992 debut single by American rapper Nas, released under his original moniker of Nasty Nas.
 It was originally recorded for the "Zebrahead" soundtrack album, released October 13, 1992, on Ruffhouse Records.
 "Halftime" was produced by Large Professor and features samples from "Schoolboy Crush" by Average White Band, "Soul Traveling" by Gary Byrd, and "Dead End" by Japanese Hair.
 The song was later included on Nas' influential 1994 debut album, "Illmatic".
Schoolboy Crush (2004) is a controversial gay pornographic film directed by Bryan Kocis (under the industry name "Bryan Phillips"), released on Cobra Video, and cast with Brent Everett and Sean Paul Lockhart under the stage name "Brent Corrigan".
 Corrigan being underage at the time of filming led to legal actions against Phillips and the withdrawal of the film "Schoolboy Crush" from the Cobra Video film catalog.
Randy Roth is a convicted murderer and thief from Washington.
 He was convicted of the 1991 murder of his fourth wife, Cynthia Baumgartner Roth.
 He was suspected but never tried for murdering his second wife, Janis Roth, in 1981.
 In both deaths he was the only witness, he claimed the activity that led to the death was the idea of his deceased wife, and the bodies were cremated as quickly as could be arranged.
 He was also convicted of stealing in the form of defrauding insurers and the Social Security Administration and was sentenced to one year for theft and 50 years for first degree murder in 1992.
 At least two true crime books are based on Roth's crimes, "A Rose for Her Grave" by Ann Rule and "Fatal Charm" by Carlton Smith.
Kenneth Foster, Jr. (born October 22, 1976) is a prisoner formerly on death row in Texas, convicted under the law of parties.
 He was convicted of murdering Michael LaHood in August 1996.
 His conviction and execution were contested because he was convicted under the Texas Law of Parties, not for physically committing the crime.
Louise Peete (September 20, 1880 – April 11, 1947) was a convicted American murderer.
 Peete was first convicted of murdering wealthy mining engineer Jacob C. Denton in 1920 and was sentenced to life in prison.
 She was paroled in April 1939.
 In May 1945, she was convicted of murdering her employer, Margaret Logan, and sentenced to death.
 She was executed in April 1947 making her the second, and one of only four women, to be executed in the California gas chamber.
"Move It" is a song written by Ian Samwell and recorded by Cliff Richard and the Drifters (the UK band that would evolve into The Shadows).
 Originally intended as the B-side to "Schoolboy Crush", it was released as Richard's debut single on 29 August 1958 and became his first hit record, reaching no.2 on the UK singles chart.
 It is credited with being one of the first authentic rock and roll songs produced outside the United States.
Isaac Bledsoe Desha (January 1, 1802 – August 13, 1828) was a 19th-century American tanner who was convicted of murdering one man in Kentucky, and confessed to murdering another in Texas.
 He was notable as the son of the Kentucky Governor, Joseph Desha.
 Shortly after his father's election as governor in 1824, Desha was accused of robbing and killing a man named Francis Baker, who was passing through Kentucky.
 Circumstantial evidence implicated Desha, who denied the crime.
Edward William Pritchard (6 December 1825 – 28 July 1865) was an English doctor who was convicted of murdering his wife and mother-in-law by poisoning them.
 He was also suspected of murdering a servant girl, but was never tried for this crime.
