Francesca Caccini (18 September 1587 – after 1641) was an Italian composer, singer, lutenist, poet, and music teacher of the early Baroque era.
 She was also known by the nickname "La Cecchina", originally given to her by the Florentines and probably a diminutive of "Francesca".
 She was the daughter of Giulio Caccini.
 Her only surviving stage work, "La liberazione di Ruggiero", is widely considered the oldest opera by a woman composer.
Niki Francesca (born 22 October 1989 in the United Kingdom ) is the lead singer of Anonymous, a punk rock band from Andorra.
 Francesca moved to Andorra with his British mother and Andorran father as a young child.
 His band Anonymous represented Andorra in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, placing 12th in the semi-final.
 In 2008, he performed in front of 28 million spectators as the opening act for the "Melodi Grand Prix" Scandinavia music contest and also took part in the "Starbuck's worldwide red project for aids in Africa" in 2009.
La liberazione di Ruggiero dall'isola d'Alcina ("En."
 "The Liberation of Ruggiero from the island of Alcina") is a comic opera in four scenes by Francesca Caccini, first performed 3 February 1625 at the Villa di Poggio Imperiale in Florence, with a libretto by Ferdinando Saracinelli, based on Ludovico Ariosto's "Orlando Furioso".
 It is the first opera written by a woman, and was long considered to be the first Italian opera to be performed outside of Italy.
 It was performed to celebrate a visit from Prince Władysław of Poland during Carnival 1625, and it had a revival in Warsaw in 1628.
 The work was commissioned by Regent Archduchess Maria Maddalena of Austria, wife of Cosimo II de' Medici, for whom Caccini worked.
 "Ruggiero" was printed under the protection of Maria Magdalena in 1625, only five years after the first printed opera in Italy.
 It is the only opera by Francesca Caccini to survive.
Sam Stone is a British author of gothic, horror, fantasy, science fiction and more recently a playwright for film and stage.
 She is the commissioning editor of Telos Publishing imprint Telos Moonrise.
 Stone's debut novel "Gabriele Caccini" (authored as Paigan Stone) won the silver award for best horror novel 2007 with "ForeWord" in the USA.
 She was shortlisted for the August Derleth Award for Best Novel in the British Fantasy Awards for her second novel, "Futile Flame".
 This book was also a finalist in "ForeWord"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Book of the Year Awards in 2009 and the third book in the series, "Demon Dance", was also a finalist for the 2010 Foreword magazine Awards and won the August Derleth Award for Best Novel in the British Fantasy Awards 2011.
 This made her the first female writer to win the Award since Tanith Lee did so in 1980.
 However, after the awards were announced, there was controversy over the voting and so Stone publicly returned the Award, not wishing to be associated with something which might have been awarded erroneously.
 The BFS then declared that the voting was valid, but then in a later statement announced that the Best Novel would be declared a 'No Award' for that year.
 Stone was not consulted in this decision.
 She also won the Best Short Story Award in the British Fantasy Awards in the same year.
Settimia Caccini (6 October 1591 – ca. 1638, Italy) was a well-known Italian singer and composer during the 1600s being one of the first women to have a successful career in music.
 Caccini was highly regarded for her artistic and technical work with music.
 Settimia comes from a family of well-known composers and singers, with her father being Giulio Caccini one of the more famed composers of this time known for helping to establish monodic music.
 This type of music opposed traditional music then, by having expressive melodies and evocative chords.
 As well as her father being into music she also had an older sister who was a famous composer of the time.
 Although she is not as well known as her sister, Francesca Caccini, mostly due to the fact Settimia never published any of her own music composed pieces of music.
 Instead she was known much more for her talent as a singer, who sang for nobility across Italy.
 It is thought that she did compose her own music but instead of publishing and releasing it to be performed instead she kept it for herself for her to perform in private.
 One of her pieces eventually did get published once she had passed.
 Coming from a family full of talent her works are not as well known as her sister's compositions but nonetheless she was able to lead herself to her own fame and success.
Die Hard with a Vengeance is a 1995 American action film and the third in the "Die Hard" film series.
 It was co-produced and directed by John McTiernan (who directed "Die Hard"), written by Jonathan Hensleigh, and stars Bruce Willis as New York City Police Department Lieutenant John McClane, Samuel L. Jackson as McClane's reluctant partner Zeus Carver, and Jeremy Irons as Simon Gruber.
 It was released on May 19, 1995, five years after "Die Hard 2", becoming the highest-grossing film at the worldwide box-office that year, but received mixed reviews.
 It was followed by "Live Free or Die Hard" and "A Good Day to Die Hard" in 2007 and 2013, respectively.
The murder of Francesca Bimpson occurred on 2 December 2008 in the Everton district of Liverpool.
 Shortly after midnight, the Bimpson family's home was set on fire in what investigators determined to be arson.
 Francesca's mother, father, brother, and two sisters were able to escape from the burning home, but three-year-old Francesca was trapped in a bedroom and later rescued by firefighters.
 She died in a hospital on 23 December.
Giulio Romolo Caccini (also Giulio Romano) (8 October 1551 – buried 10 December 1618), was an Italian composer, teacher, singer, instrumentalist and writer of the very late Renaissance and early Baroque eras.
 He was one of the founders of the genre of opera, and one of the most influential creators of the new Baroque style.
 He was also the father of the composer Francesca Caccini.
Loretta Di Franco is an American operatic soprano who is chiefly known for her more than 900 performances at the Metropolitan Opera from 1961-1995.
 Originally a member of the Met's opera chorus, she eventually was promoted to singing small comprimario roles beginning with one of the pages in Wagner's "Tannhäuser" and the peasant girl in "The Marriage of Figaro" in 1961.
 She went on to win the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions in 1965 which led to her first substantial role, Chloe in "The Queen of Spades".
 She continued to appear annually at the Met for the next 30 years, performing both leading and supporting roles.
 Some of the parts she performed at the Met included Annina in "La traviata", both the Aunt and Barena in Janáček's "Jenůfa", Barbarina and Marcellina in "The Marriage of Figaro", Berta in "The Barber of Seville", Countess Ceprano in "Rigoletto", the Dew Fairy and the Sandman in "Hansel and Gretel", Feklusa in "Káťa Kabanová", the First Lady in "The Magic Flute", the Flower Seller in Britten's "Death in Venice", Frasquita in "Carmen", Gerhilde in "Die Walküre", Giannetta in "L'elisir d'amore", Helen in "Mourning Becomes Electra", Ines in "Il trovatore", Jouvenot in "Adriana Lecouvreur", Kate Pinkerton in "Madama Butterfly", Laura in "Luisa Miller", Lauretta in "Gianni Schichi", Lisa in "La sonnambula", Marianne in "Der Rosenkavalier", Marthe in "Faust", Musetta in "La bohème", Oscar in "Un ballo in maschera", Samaritana in "Francesca da Rimini", Woglinde in both "Das Rheingold" and "Götterdämmerung", Xenia in "Boris Godunov", Zerlina in "Don Giovanni", and title role in "Lucia di Lammermoor".
 In 1991 she created the role of the Woman with Child in the world premiere of John Corigliano's "The Ghosts of Versailles".
The 2009 Florida Gators softball team represented the University of Florida softball program for the 2009 NCAA softball season.
 The Gators compiled an overall record of 63-5 and completed its SEC regular season with a record of 26-1.
 They finished second in the nation after losing to the Washington Huskies in the WCWS Championship Series.
 The 2009 team broke the SEC single-season home runs record (86) and several school records including grand slams in a season (12), total shutouts (39), and consecutive shutouts (11).
 Aja Paculba set the single season stolen base record (27), Francesca Enea broke the career home run record (41), and the Florida pitching staff threw three no-hitters in the regular season (Stephanie Brombacher vs. Coastal Carolina and Stacey Nelson vs. Ole Miss and Arkansas).
 Stacey Nelson was named the Lowe's Senior CLASS Award winner and the SEC Pitcher of the year for the second straight year, and five Gators were given Louisville Slugger/NFCA All-American honors.
 Stacey Nelson was named to the first team (pitcher), and Stephanie Brombacher (pitcher), Francesca Enea (outfielder), Kelsey Bruder (outfielder), and Aja Paculba (second baseman) were named to the second team.
