Carlos Vieco Ortiz (March 4, 1900 - September 13, 1979) was an award winning musician and composer from Medellín, Colombia.
 The open air theater on Nutibara Hill in Medellín is named after him.
Maravillas de Colombia S.A is a Colombian manufacturer of fireworks located in the city of Bucaramanga.
 The company traces its roots to 1899 when Leopoldo Nuñez Ortiz began making fireworks in Bogota.
 The company is known for its "Chispitas Mariposa" brand of sparklers.
 At the height of its activity in 1994, Maravillas de Colombia had 500 employees before major Colombian cities such as Bogota, Cali, and Barranquilla started regulating the production, use and sale of pyrotechnics.
Nutibara Hill (Spanish: "Cerro Nutibara" ) is a rocky hill formation located in the Colombian city of Medellin, in the geographic center of the Aburrá Valley and on the west bank of the Medellín River.
 It is one of the few ecosystems that is conserved in Medellín and is considered one of the city's seven "guardian" hills.
 The hill has a sculpture park, the open-air Carlos Vieco Auditorium, and the "Pueblito Paisa" a reproduction of the traditional Colombian township, amongst other sights.
 The hill is 80 meters tall and has an area of 333,300 m².
 It is named after the indigenous Chief Nutibara.
Carlos Cure Cure (born 1944) is the Ambassador of Colombia to Venezuela.
 A civil engineer, Cure has also served as chairman of Bavaria, S.A., the biggest brewery of Colombia and second largest in South America before its merger, and Avianca, S.A., the national flag carrier of Colombia.
Carlos Serrano (born August 29, 1963 in Bogotá, Colombia) is a recorder and early woodwinds player.
 He completed high school studies at Colegio San Carlos in Bogotá.
 After studying recorder at Oberlin Conservatory in Ohio and Mannes College of Music in New York with Philip Levin, and with Pedro Memelsdorff in Italy, he graduated from the Early Music Institute at Indiana University as pupil of Eva Legene and Michael McCraw.
 In 1988 he founded the early music ensemble Musica Ficta (Colombia), with which he has specialized in the performance of Latin-American and Spanish renaissance and baroque music.
 With this ensemble he has performed in nearly 30 countries in Europe, the Americas, the Far and Middle East.
 He has recorded for the labels Jade (France), Arion (France), Centaur (USA) and Arts Music (Germany).
 He taught music at Pontificia Universidad Javeriana in Bogotá.
Emilia Ortiz Pérez (Tepic, 1917 – Tepic, November 24, 2012) was a Mexican painter, cartoonist, caricaturist, and poet, best known for her watercolors.
 Her father, Abraham D. Ortiz, had arrived at Tepic originally from Oaxaca where he married Elvira Perez and engaged in haberdashery and the hardware trade.
 She studied painting at the Academy of San Carlos in Mexico City.
 Her drawings and paintings were exhibited in 1940.
 An author as well, her prizewinning book, "De mis soledades vengo", was published in 1986.
 The Museo Emilia Ortiz in Lerdo houses Ortiz's photography and art, as well as local art.
Bucaramanga is the capital city of the department of Santander, Colombia.
 Bucaramanga has the fifth largest economy by GDP in Colombia, has the lowest unemployment rate and has the ninth largest population in the country, with 521,857 people.
 Bucaramanga has over 160 parks scattered throughout the city and has been given the nickname "La Ciudad de Los Parques" ("The City of Parks") and "La Ciudad Bonita de Colombia" ("Colombia's Beautiful City").
Carlos Enrique Rodado Noriega (born 20 September 1943) is a Colombian engineer and politician currently serving as Ambassador of Colombia to Argentina.
 He served as the 28th and 9th Minister of Mines and Energy of Colombia, first in the administration of President Julio César Turbay Ayala and again in the administration of President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón.
 Rodado, a civil engineer and economist, has also served as Ambassador of Colombia to Spain, President of Ecopetrol, Member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia, and as the 58th Governor of Atlántico.
José Juvenal Velandia, a.k.a. Iván Ríos, a.k.a. Manuel Jesús Muñoz Ortiz, (19 December 1961 – 3 March 2008), born in San Francisco, Putumayo, Colombia, was the Head of the Central Bloc of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC-EP) and the youngest member of this guerrilla's Central High Command.
José Mauricio Rodríguez Múnera (born 5 March 1958) was Ambassador of Colombia to the United Kingdom.
 He also served concurrently as Non-Resident Ambassador to Ireland.
 He completed secondary education at Colegio San Carlos in Bogotá, Colombia.
 He is the founder and former director of "Portafolio", Colombia’s most prominent economic and finance newspaper, and has been a journalist for Caracol Radio, "El Tiempo" and "El Espectador", among others.
 He has also worked as Dean of the Colegio de Estudios Superiores de Administración, his "alma mater" from 2007 to 2009, and was with Dow Chemical from 1981 to 1993, where he occupied several directive positions in Colombia, Venezuela, the United States, Switzerland and Italy.
