The Westcott Theater is a 700-person multi-purpose, cinema-style concert venue at 524 Westcott St in the Westcott neighborhood of Syracuse, New York, United States.
 Although it books acts of many different genres, the venue has been steadily increasing its amount of electronic music acts since 2011.
 Formerly known as the Westcott Cinema, it was re-purposed and re-opened in Oct. 18, 2007 to serve as a local concert venue for the Westcott Nation as well as attract much of the Syracuse University and the State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry concert going college crowd.
IF Performance Hall is an indoor concert venue in Ankara, founded on 2004.
 The venue hosted many concert and entertainment parties, therefore become one of the most popular venues in Turkey.
 Fahir Öğünç, radio host of Modern Sabahlar was the owner of the venue til late 2000s.
 The venue is currently owned by "Gönül Adamları" group as in 2015.
The Fillmore Auditorium (often known as The Fillmore Denver) is a concert venue located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood in Denver, Colorado.
 Since opening in 1907, the venue has hosted numerous functions both private and public.
 It holds the title of the largest indoor venue for general admission seating in Colorado.
 The venue also holds an exclusive dual Minors with Adults Liquor License in Colorado for a private venue; it allows minors and consumers over 21 to stand together, rather than having to be separated by their ages.
 In 2006, local newspaper "Westword" awarded the venue the "Best Place to Run into a Hippie turned Yuppie".
 The venue also houses an office for the Bill Graham Foundation, a non-profit organization that provides music grants.
Express Live!
 (originally the PromoWest Pavilion) is a multi-purpose concert venue located in the Arena District of Columbus, Ohio.
 Opening in 2001, the venues operates year-round with indoor and outdoor facilities: the Indoor Music Hall and Outdoor Amphitheater.
 The venue was modeled after the House of Blues and described as the "Newport Music Hall on steroids".
 It features state-of-the-art lighting, acoustical systems and a reversible stage.
 In 2001, the venue was nominated for a Pollstar Awards for "Best New Major Concert Venue".
   is a '"festival opera" in three acts, with music by Bedřich Smetana.
 The libretto was originally written in German by Josef Wenzig, and was then translated into Czech by Ervin Špindler.
 In Czech historical myth, Libuše, the title character, prophesied the founding of Prague.
 The opera was composed in 1871–72 for the coronation of Franz Josef as Czech king.
 This did not happen and Smetana saved "Libuše" for the opening of the National Theatre in Prague, which took place nine years later on 11 June 1881.
 After the destruction of the National Theatre in a fire, the same opera opened the reconstructed theatre in 1883.
 The first US performance was reported to have occurred March 1986, in a concert version at Carnegie Hall with Eve Queler and the Opera Orchestra of New York.
The Gürzenich Orchestra Cologne (Gürzenich Orchester Köln) is a German symphony orchestra based in Cologne ("Köln").
 On some recordings, the orchestra goes under the name "Gürzenich-Orchester Kölner Philharmoniker".
 Its name comes from its past principal concert venue, the Gürzenich concert hall in Cologne.
 Currently, its primary concert venue is the "Kölner Philharmonie" (Cologne Philharmonic Hall).
Jannus Live (originally known as Jannus Landing) is an outdoor music venue in St. Petersburg, Florida.
 Located in the Downtown St. Petersburg Historic District, the courtyard venue has hosted numerous concerts for local and mainstream artists.
 The venue was founded in 1984 by Bob Barnes & Bill Pendergast & Gene Bryant and was named after pilot, Tony Jannus.
 In 2009, the venue was renovated and opened later in March 2010 under a new owner Jeff Knight "Jannus Live" and management.
 The venue is cited for hosting the most concerts in the Bay Area.
 In 2010, the venue was awarded "Best Small Concert Venue" and "Best Back in the Saddle" from the Creative Loafing Best of Bay Awards.
De Materie ("Matter") is a four-part vocal and orchestral work by Dutch composer Louis Andriessen, written over the period 1984 to 1988.
 Robert Wilson directed the first staging of the work on 1 June 1989 at the Muziektheater, Amsterdam, with James Doing, Wendy Hill, Beppie Blankert and Marjon Brandsma as the soloists at the premiere.
 In the US, Part II of the work, "Hadewijch", was performed at the Tanglewood Festival in 1994.
 The complete work received its first US performance in 2004 at Lincoln Center, New York City.
 "Hadewijch" received its UK premiere at the 1993 Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival.
 The UK premiere of the full work was at the Meltdown Festival in 1994.
Koengen is an outdoor concert venue in the city centre of Bergen, Norway.
 The concert venue has a capacity of approximately 23,500 people.
Recher Theatre was a concert venue in Towson, Maryland.
 It was located at 512 York Road in the building previously operated as the Towson Theatre, a one-screen movie theater.
 The Towson Theatre was designed by architect John Ahlers of the George Norbury MacKenzie III architectual firm.
 It cost $100,000 to build and opened on March 1, 1928.
 After the theatre closed it was sold to the Recher family in the 1950s.
 The Rechers converted it into an upscale billiard parlor.
 The building was later transformed into The Recher Theater, a concert venue, which opened in 1999.
