Dreaming of Julia ("Cuba Libre") is a 2003 film directed by Juan Gerard.
 The debut film by the director, the story is based on Gerard's childhood life in Cuba.
 The film was released as Cuban Blood in the US.
Camp Cuba Libre was a rallying point for American forces during the Spanish–American War.
 Established near Jacksonville, Florida, in May 1898, it was constructed after forces assembling in Tampa became too crowded, and was the rallying point for Maj. General Fitzhugh Lee's Seventh Corps.
Liquorice Stick ( ) or alternatively spelled Licorice Stick, also known as a "Regaliz," is a highball (cocktail) made of cola, anisette or absinthe, and black licorice as a garnish.
 It originated in Terceira Island, Azores, Portugal where it was called a "pauzinho de alcaçuz" as an alternative to the rum and cola drink called a "cuba libre".
 In Spain it is called a "palito de orozuz".
 It was introduced into the U.S. through the Portuguese communities in Massachusetts and Rhode Island.
Viva Cuba Libre: Rap is War is a 2014 feature-length documentary that tracks one of the most controversial hip hop groups in Latin America, as they face arrest and violent retribution for their politicized music.
Matthew Levin is an American celebrity chef based in Philadelphia.
 He was the executive chef at Lacroix in the famed Rittenhouse Hotel until December 9, 2008.
 From 2010 to July 24, 2011, he was the chef at Adsum, a Queen Village bistro where he gained notoriety for dishes including Tastykake sliders and his Four Loco dinner.
 In March 2012, along with Cuba Libre owners Barry Gutin and Larry Cohen, he will take over as chef and co-owner of Square Peg, at the former location of Marathon Grill at 10th and Walnut St.
Celts and Cobras is the second and final studio album from the Scottish Neo-Rockabilly group The Shakin' Pyramids (billed on the album cover as "Shakin' Pyramids"), released in 1982 by Cuba Libre, a subsidiary of Virgin Records.
 "Just a Memory" and "Pharaoh's Chant" were released as singles from the album.
 It was not as warmly received as the group's debut album, "Skin 'Em Up", and they disbanded shortly after its release.
A Cuba Libre is a cocktail made of cola, lime and rum.
The Cuba Libre ( ; ] , "Free Cuba") is a caffeinated alcoholic cocktail made of cola, lime, and dark or light rum.
 This cocktail is often referred to as a Rum and Coke in the United States, Canada, the UK, Ireland, India, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand where the lime juice may or may not be included.
"Cuba Libre" ("Free Cuba") is a song by Gloria Estefan, released as the third single from her eighth studio album, "Gloria!
".
On 6 August 2016, 14 youths were killed in a fire at the Cuba Libre bar in Rouen, France.
