"Thank You" is the third single by heavy metal band Hellyeah from their debut album "Hellyeah".
 The song is a tribute to all of the band's recently departed family members: Vinnie Paul's brother Dimebag Darrell, Tom Maxwell's mother, and Chad Gray's grandmother.
 The song reached #37 on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Kim Peterson (known to fans as "The Kimmer") is a U.S. television and radio journalist.
 He currently hosts a news/information talk-show on Atlanta's WYAY NewsRadio 106.7 from Noon to 3 P.M. EST.
 The Show consists of Peterson as Host, Pete Davis as Co-Host/Sports Anchor/Producer, Chad "The Hangman" Potier as Associate Producer/Call Screener and Show Engineer Jon Michael "Jon-Boy" Drain.
 From 1992 through 2006, he hosted a radio talk show on WGST-AM in Atlanta, Georgia.
 Formerly a United States Marine, he served in the Vietnam War.
 Before becoming a radio host, Peterson was a television anchor in Chicago and New Orleans.
 He was a write-in candidate for the 1992 Presidential election, receiving 2 votes.
 He was on rival news-talk station WSB before he came to WGST.
 After his firing from WSB Peterson would refer to his former employer as "WSOB" and "WBS" (and sometimes "We Suck and Blither").
Hellyeah is an American heavy metal supergroup, consisting of Mudvayne vocalist Chad Gray, former Nothingface guitarist Tom Maxwell, bass player Kyle Sanders, guitarist Christian Brady and former Pantera and Damageplan drummer Vinnie Paul.
 The idea to form a supergroup originated in 2000 on the Tattoo the Earth tour, although plans were constantly put on hold due to scheduling conflicts.
 The summer of 2006 allowed the band to take the project seriously and record its first album.
 Recorded at Chasin' Jason studio in Dimebag Darrell's backyard, a self-titled album was completed in roughly one month.
 Released on April 10, 2007, the album entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 9, selling 45,000 copies.
 AllMusic reviewer William Ruhlmann stated the album is "a competent example of its genre" awarding the album three and a half stars.
The Beast Is Back is the seventh album by a newly reformed Blue Cheer, 13 years after their previous album, "Oh!
 Pleasant Hope" (1971).
 It contains re-recorded versions of some of the band's most popular songs from their late-1960s heyday as well as new material.
 The album features founding members Dickie Peterson and Paul Whaley.
 Original guitarist Leigh Stephens did not participate in the reunion.
Chad Gray (born October 16, 1971), is the lead vocalist for the groove metal supergroup Hellyeah and former lead vocalist for American heavy metal band Mudvayne.
"Miracle" is a song by the band Nonpoint, released as the first single from their sixth studio album, "Miracle".
 The song was released to alternative and active rock radio stations on February 15, 2010.
 It was also made available for download on iTunes and other online music retailers on March 30.
 It features Chad Gray of Mudvayne fame contributing vocals during the song's chorus.
Miracle is the sixth studio album by American hard rock/metal band Nonpoint.
 The album's title track serves as its first single.
 This is the only Nonpoint album to feature guitarist Zach Broderick, who joined the band in late 2008 following the departure of original member Andrew Goldman.
 The album was recorded in Racine, WI and was produced by Mudvayne singer Chad Gray and guitarist Greg Tribbett.
Paul Whaley (born January 14, 1946) is an American drummer best known as the drummer for rock band Blue Cheer.
 He was the son of country music singer Paul Whaley Sr.
 He grew up in the towns of Vallejo and Winters California.
 He played drums with a Davis, California band called the Oxford Circle.
 Whaley is credited on the Oxford Circle album "Live at the Avalon 1966".
 When he left the Oxford Circle to join Blue Cheer in 1967, the former band dissolved.
 He was the longest-standing member in Blue Cheer other than founder Dickie Peterson in the band when it broke up in late 2009, following Peterson's death at age 63.
Oh!
 Pleasant Hope is the sixth, and last, album by Blue Cheer until 1983's "The Beast Is Back".
 It features less psychedelia and hard rock and includes more folk rock elements.
 This is an unusual Blue Cheer album in that Dickie Peterson only sings lead on three songs.
 Another unusual aspect is that the song "I'm the Light" features extensive use of the sitar and synthesizer, although on the previous album "The Original Human Being" the song "Babaji (Twilight Raga)" also featured extensive use of the aforementioned instruments.
By the People, for the People is a compilation album by American heavy metal band Mudvayne.
 It was released on November 27, 2007 by Epic Records.
 The album features a track listing chosen entirely by the band's fans, with the band determining which version appears on the record (e.g. live, demo, acoustic), as well as two new songs, "Dull Boy" and a cover of The Police's song "King of Pain" (both produced by Dave Fortman).
 If the album was pre-ordered through the Sony Music Store, it was packaged with a free lithograph of the lyrics to "Dull Boy", signed and numbered by Mudvayne vocalist Chad Gray.
 If it was ordered after the disc was released, the lithograph was shipped approximately three weeks later and was neither signed nor numbered.
