Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky (Russian: Эфраим Маркович Склянский ) (August 12 [O.S. July 31] 1892 - August 27, 1925) was a Soviet statesman.
 He joined the Bolsheviks during his years as a student in the medical faculty of Kiev University, from which he graduated in 1916; he was immediately drafted into the army, where he served as a doctor and became prominent in the clandestine military organizations of the Bolsheviks.
 At the time of the October Revolution he was a member of the Military Revolutionary Committee of the Petrograd Soviet; on meeting him in November, Leon Trotsky was so impressed with his "great creative "élan" combined with concentrated attention to detail" that he appointed him his deputy on the Revolutionary Military Council, where he served with distinction during the Russian Civil War (1918-1920) and helped improve the fighting condition of the Red Army—Trotsky called him the Carnot of the Russian Revolution.
 In 1924 his position as Trotsky's deputy was taken over by Grigory Zinoviev's ally Mikhail Frunze.
 Instead, he was made chairman of the Mossukno state textile trust, and the following May he left on a tour of Germany, France, and the United States to acquire technical information.
 On August 27, 1925 he died in a boating accident on Long Lake (New York) along with , the first head of Amtorg Trading Corporation.
 The high-ranking Soviet defector Boris Bazhanov was convinced that Sklyansky had been drowned on Stalin's orders, and the alleged accident had been organized by and Genrikh Yagoda.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev, ( ; Russian: Михаи́л Серге́евич Горбачёв ; ] ; born 2 March 1931) is a former Soviet statesman.
 He was the eighth and last leader of the Soviet Union, having been General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1985 until 1991.
 He was the country's head of state from 1988 until 1991 (titled as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 1988 to 1989, as Chairman of the from 1989 to 1990, and as Soviet Union]] from 1990 to 1991).
Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny (Russian: Никола́й Ви́кторович Подго́рный ; ] , Ukrainian: Микола Вікторович Підгорний ; 18 February [O.S. 5 February] 1903 – 11 January 1983) was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War.
 He served as First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine from 1957 to 1963 and as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 1965 to 1977.
 He was replaced as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet in 1977 by General Secretary Leonid Brezhnev.
 That same year he lost his seat in the Political Bureau (Politburo) and was forced to resign from active politics.
David Jonathan Waksberg, born December 14, 1956 in New York City, was a leading activist in the Soviet Jewry Movement during the 1980s and early 1990s.
 In the 1970s he became involved in the Student Struggle for Soviet Jewry.
 In the early 1980s he moved to California and began working for the Bay Area Council for Soviet Jews, first as Assistant Director, and later as Executive Director.
 He initiated public and political activities on behalf of Soviet Jewry, supervised research and monitoring of their welfare and coordinated financial, medical and legal aid to Refuseniks and Prisoners of Conscience trapped in the Soviet Union.
 He organized numerous protest demonstrations and vigils to raise public awareness of the plight of Jews in the USSR.
 In 1985 Waksberg became National Vice-President of BACSJ's umbrella organization, the Union of Councils for Soviet Jews.
 Waksberg frequently visited Jewish communities the Soviet Union and the Former Soviet states and coordinated briefings of the American travelers interested in visiting those communities.
 In 1990 Waksberg took on the role of Director of the Center for Jewish Renewal, newly established by UCSJ.
 The mission of the CJR was to promote the renewal and development of Jewish life in the USSR and the emigration rights, human rights and resettlement needs of Jews in the Former Soviet Union.
 The CJR established a network of human rights and emigration bureaus in major cities of the former Soviet Union.
 In mid-1990s Waksberg was a member of Bay Area Council's Board of Directors and served as Director of Development and Communication of the UCSJ.
 Since 2007 Waksberg serves as Executive Director of the Bureau of Jewish Education of San Francisco.
The Feliks Dzerzhinskiy (Russian: Феликс Дзержинский ) is a "Valerian Kuybyshev"-class (92-016, OL400) Soviet/Russian river cruise ship, cruising in the Volga basin.
 The ship was built by Slovenské Lodenice at their shipyard in Komárno, Czechoslovakia, and entered service in 1978.
 She was named after the Soviet statesman Felix Dzerzhinsky alias Iron Felix.
 At 3,935 tonnes, "Feliks Dzerzhinskiy" is one of the world's biggest river cruise ships.
 Her sister ships are "Valerian Kuybyshev", "Mikhail Frunze", "Fyodor Shalyapin", "Sergey Kuchkin", "Mstislav Rostropovich", "Aleksandr Suvorov", "Semyon Budyonnyy" and "Georgiy Zhukov".
 "Feliks Dzerzhinskiy" is currently operated by "Vodohod", a Russian river cruise line.
 Her home port is currently Nizhny Novgorod.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko (Russian: Андре́й Па́влович Кириле́нко ; ] ; 8 September [O.S. 26 August] 1906 – 12 May 1990) was a Soviet statesman from the start to the end of the Cold War.
 In 1906, Kirilenko was born at Alexeyevka in Belgorod Oblast to a Ukrainian working-class family.
 He graduated in the 1920s from a local vocational school, and again in the mid-to-late 1930s from the Rybinsk Aviation Technology Institute.
 He became a member of the All-Union Communist Party (bolsheviks) in 1930.
 As many like him, Kirilenko climbed up the Soviet hierarchy through the "industrial ladder"; by the 1960s, he was Vice-Chairman of the Bureau of the Central Committee of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR).
 After Nikita Khrushchev's forced resignation, Kirilenko became Leonid Brezhnev's "chief lieutenant" within the Central Committee.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan ; 25 November 1895 – 21 October 1978) was an Old Bolshevik and Soviet statesman during the mandates of Lenin, Stalin, Khrushchev, and Brezhnev.
 He was the only Soviet politician who managed to remain at the highest levels of power within the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, as that power oscillated between the Central Committee and the Politburo, from the latter days of Lenin's rule, throughout the eras of Stalin and Khrushchev, until his peaceful retirement after the first months of Brezhnev's rule.
MS "Excelsior Neptune" (originally, the "Feliks Dzerzhinskiy") was an ocean liner owned by the Soviet Union's Black Sea Shipping Company.
 She was built in 1958 by VEB Mathias-Thesen Werft, Wismar, East Germany, as one of the Mikhail Kalinin series of ships.
 It was named after Felix Dzerzhinsky, a Soviet statesman and founder of the Soviet secret police (Cheka).
Sergo Anastasi Mikoyan (Armenian: Սերգո Անաստասի Միկոյան ; Russian: Сергo Анаста́сович Микоян ; June 5, 1929 – March 7, 2010) was one of the Soviet Union's leading historians who specialized on the foreign policies of the Soviet Union and the United States in Latin America.
 He was the son of Anastas Mikoyan, an Old Bolshevik and high level Soviet statesman and adviser to Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov (Russian: Михаи́л Андре́евич Су́слов ; 21 November [O.S. 8 November] 1902 25 January 1982) was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War.
 He served as Second Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1965, and as unofficial Chief Ideologue of the Party until his death in 1982.
 Suslov was responsible for party democracy and the power separation within the Communist Party.
 His hardline attitude toward change made him one of the foremost anti-reformist Soviet leaders.
