In New York City, a desk appearance ticket (DAT) is an order to appear in the New York City Criminal Court for an arraignment.
 A person who receives a DAT has been arrested.
 The DAT is simply one of two alternative means by which a person who is arrested appears for arraignment, or first appearance.
 A person who receives a DAT is permitted to appear in court on their own on the date indicated on the DAT document.
 A person who does not receive a DAT is processed through the arrest to arraignment system and is supposed to have their arraignment within 24 hours.
 From the point that the case is arraigned, a DAT case is like any other criminal case.
 DATs are usually only issued for misdemeanors in which there is little chance that the defendant will flee the jurisdiction; currently, DATs may be issued for violation, misdemeanors, and "E" felonies.
 If a person fails to return to court on the date indicated on the DAT, the Court will issue an arrest warrant.
Music Box is a 1989 American crime drama film that tells the story of a Hungarian-American immigrant who is accused of having been a war criminal.
 The plot revolves around his daughter, an attorney, who defends him, and her struggle to uncover the truth.
Případy 1.
 oddělení ("Cases of the 1st Department" in English) is a Czech crime television series.
 The series is based on real criminal cases investigated by Czech Police.
 People involved in screenwrighting of the series include Jan Malinda (journalist MF Dnes) a Josef Mareš (chief investigator oat the real 1st department).
 The series was selected the best Czech crime television series in last decade.
 Main characters are based on real life investigators and other people.
 The cases reflect some of the most famous real criminal cases of the modern Czech Republic.
Real Life with Jane Pauley was a newsmagazine television program aired in the United States by NBC from 1990 to 1991.
 "Real Life with Jane Pauley" seemed to be presented as an answer to both critics and members of the general public to the frequently-repeated viewpoint that "television news never seems to show anything positive".
 "Real Life" focused on positive, human interest-type stories and occasional celebrity profiles.
 Jane Pauley also presented less uplifting but still-lightweight features as well, such as a feature focusing on how less than 20% of the people who owned VCRs at the time actually knew how to program them.
 Boyd Matson was also featured as a correspondent; his reports featured stories on out of the way places.
Negative checking is a process by which producers of film, television and radio programs will attempt to ensure that the names of fictional characters cannot be confused with real life people.
 For instance, during the making of the series "Inspector Morse", the producers of the show checked with local police authorities to check that the names of characters used in the program could not be confused with individuals in any real life cases.
 The primary reason for this practice is to prevent any possible legal action for libel which could result.
"RIRURA RIRUHA [リルラ リルハ]" (also known as "Real Life Real Heart") is the third single by Japanese pop singer Kaela Kimura, and the first from her album "Circle".
 Released March 30, 2005, it peaked at number three on the Japan Oricon singles chart, Kimura's highest charting single to date.
 By the end of 2005, Real Life Real Heart had sold 117,299 copies.
Durham v. United States, 214 F.2d 862 (D.C. Cir.
 1954), is a criminal case articulating what became known as the Durham rule for juries to find a defendant is not guilty by reason of insanity, that "an accused is not criminally responsible if his unlawful act was the product of mental disease or mental defect".
 It was to enable psychiatrists to "inform the jury of the character of [the defendant's mental disease" so that a jury could be "guided by wider horizons of knowledge concerning mental life"; so that juries could make determinations based on expert testimony about the disease.
 It was patterned on "State v. Pike".
 It was adopted by only two states, for a short time, but has and continues to be influential on debate over legal insanity.
 The decision was criticized for leaving a jury with no standard to judge impairment of reason or control, did not define mental disease, and left the jury dependent on expert testimony.
Theodor Szehinskyj (born February 14, 1924) is an alleged World War II war criminal.
 He was born in Mallnow, Poland.
 He was a member of an SS Totenkopf Battalion and is accused of having been a guard in three concentration camps in Germany, Poland and Ukraine.
 Szehinskyj emigrated to the United States after the war, but was named as a war criminal by the United States Department of Justice in 2000, subsequently had his citizenship revoked, and is facing attempts to deport him from the country.
 He is on the Simon Wiesenthal Center's list of most wanted Nazi war criminals.
0-41* is a 91-minute account of real people, real lives and real experiences, set in a real place.
 Directed by "Senna Hegde", this full-length Indian docudrama features dramatized re-enactments of actual events and offers an in-depth and honest look at the rural way of life in India.
 The film has no actors.
 It is filmed in a neorealist/documentary style with actual people playing characters with the same names and occupations as in real life, thus blurring the boundaries between drama and reality.
 Aided by the flourishing landscapes of Kanhangad, with Arai river roaring in the background, this film is a beautiful representation of the everyday life of a group of people who spend their evenings playing Volleyball, entering a world far removed from the bustle of life.
 The film showcases their life, their aspirations and fears, and their point of view on the rest of the world.
 Volleyball becomes the crucial part of this film as it acts as the thread holding the film together.
Real Life is an American webcomic drawn and authored by Greg Dean, begun on November 15, 1999.
 The comic is loosely based around the lives of fictionalized versions of Dean and his friends, including verbatim conversations, as well as fictional aspects including time travel and mecha combat.
 Characters regularly break the fourth wall.
 "Real Life" focuses on humor related to video games and science fiction, and references internet memes.
