Añatuya is a city in the province of Santiago del Estero, Argentina.
 It has 30.000 inhabitants as per the 2001 census , and is the head town of the General Taboada Department.
 It lies on the southeast of the province, east of the Salado River, and about 150 km from the provincial capital Santiago del Estero.
Gerardo Zamora (born January 6, 1964) is an Argentine politician from Santiago del Estero Province.
 Governor of Santiago del Estero since 2005, he is a member of the centrist Radical Civic Union (UCR).
Sixto Doroteo Palavecino (March 31, 1915, Barrancas, Salavina, Santiago del Estero Province, Argentina – April 24, 2009, Santiago del Estero, same province) was a poet, musician and singer of Argentine folk music, who started playing the violin when he was 10 years old.
The Governor of Santiago del Estero is a citizen of the Santiago del Estero Province, in Argentina, holding the office of governor for the corresponding period.
 The governor is elected alongside a vice-governor.
 Currently the governor of Salta is Claudia Ledesma Abdala.
Santiago del Estero (] , Spanish for "Saint-James-Upon-The-Lagoon") is the capital of Santiago del Estero Province in northern Argentina.
 It has a population of 244,733 inhabitants, (2001 census ) making it the twelfth largest city in the country, with a surface area of 2,116 km².
 It lies on the Dulce River and on National Route 9, at a distance of 1,042 km north-northwest from Buenos Aires.
 Estimated to be 455 years old, Santiago del Estero was the first city founded by Spanish settlers in the territory that is now Argentina.
 As such, it is nicknamed "Madre de Ciudades" (Mother of Cities).
 Similarly, it has been officially declared the "mother of cities and cradle of folklore."
Quimilí is a town in Santiago del Estero Province, Argentina.
 The capital city of the Moreno Department, it lies about 200 km east of the provincial capital city, Santiago del Estero, and 70 km west of the border with Chaco Province, to which it is connected by National Route 89.
Ana María Corradi de Beltrán (born 25 April 1962 in La Banda, Santiago del Estero) is an Argentine politician.
 Elected for the Viable Santiago Movement, she sits in the Argentine Senate representing Santiago del Estero Province in the majority block of the Front for Victory.
Árraga is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 It is the head district of the Silípica Department to the southwest of the province of Santiago del Estero.
 It is located 32 km from the provincial capital city of Santiago del Estero (capital), south along National Route 9.
The National University of Santiago del Estero (Spanish: "Universidad Nacional de Santiago del Estero" ) is an Argentine national university located in the capital of Santiago del Estero Province.
 Its 1973 establishment gathered the existing Tucumán University school of agronomy (1949) and the Córdoba University forestry institute (1958), as well as new schools created for the purpose.
Vicecomodoro Ángel de la Paz Aragonés Airport (Spanish: "Aeropuerto de Santiago del Estero – Ángel de la Paz Aragonés" ) (IATA: SDE, ICAO: SANE) is located 6 km north-northwest of the center of Santiago del Estero, a city in the Santiago del Estero Province of Argentina.
 The airport covers an area of 526 hectares (1299 acres) and is operated by "Aeropuertos Argentina 2000 S.A."
