Moore-Mann House is a historic home located at Columbia, South Carolina.
 It built about 1903, and is a 2 1/2-story, irregular plan, Queen Anne style frame dwelling.
 It features a one-story verandah, bay windows, decorative shingles and an arched entrance.
 It was designed by W. B. Smith Whaley, Co., a prominent Columbia architectural and engineering firm, whose owner also built the W. B. Smith Whaley House.
Miller House is a mansion on the Embassy Row section of Massachusetts Avenue in Washington, D.C..
 It was designed by Paul J. Pelz, the architect of the Library of Congress, in the Northern Renaissance style, and built in 1900-01 for Commander Frederick Augustus Miller (1842–1909).
 Because Miller had been a U.S. Navy officer during the U.S. Civil War the house includes a number of maritime motifs, including the statue of a ship's cat on the ledge facing Massachusetts Avenue.
The William Burnett House was a historic farmhouse located near the city of Washington Court House in Fayette County, Ohio, United States.
 Constructed in the nineteenth century, it was once a masterpiece of multiple architectural styles, and it was designated a historic site because of its architectural distinction.
Frank Augustus Allen (January 29, 1835 – May 22, 1916) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the Mayor of Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Frank Augustus Miller (June 30, 1858 – June 17, 1935) was the owner and chief developer of the Mission Inn in Riverside, California, United States, where Frank Augustus Miller Middle School was named after him.
 He was also a civic leader and one of Riverside's strongest promoters.
An orphan work is a copyrighted work whose owner is impossible to identify or contact.
 This inability to request permission from the copyright owner often means orphan works cannot be used in new works nor digitized, except when fair use exceptions apply.
 Until recently, public libraries could not digitally distribute orphaned books without risking being fined up to $150,000 if the owner of the copyright were to come forward.
 This problem was addressed in the 2011 case "Authors Guild et al. v. Google".
He was the chief developer of IFM during World War II.
 One of Wocke's major work was the development of the Junkers Ju 287 wing design since autumn 1942.
 Wocke was sent to Moscow in 1946 together with Brunolf Baade and projected the EF131 to EF150 there.
 In 1954 Wocke returned to the German Democratic Republic, moving to West Germany shortly afterwards and joining Hamburger Flugzeugbau (HFB) as their chief designer.
 In Hamburg, Wocke completed work on the HFB-320 business jet, whose wings were forward swept, a design Wocke transferred from the Junkers Ju287 in the early 1960s.
Cornelius Vanderbilt "C. V." Wood (December 17, 1920 – March 14, 1992) was an American developer of amusement parks and planned communities.
 He is most noted as the chief developer of Disneyland.
Jardim Catarina is a district of São Gonçalo in Rio de Janeiro that belongs to the third district of the city called Monjolos.
 This district is named after the large amount of tree (water mill) in the region.
 This district was created by state decree 641 of 15 December 1938 and designated as the 3rd District in 1063 by state law of 28 January 1944.
 this district had been explored long limestone for cement production by the National Company of Portland cement in Guaxindiba.
 Jardim Catarina is considered the largest subdivision and neighborhood of Latin America, despite having a strip of land smaller than other neighborhoods located in Sao Goncalo, received this title due to large amount of 12x30m plots.
 The neighborhood is situated at sea level and its total area is larger than the municipality from Curitiba.
 The origin goes back to the Jardin Catherine old Orangery Farm, whose owner was Mr. Julio Pedroso Lima who bought on June 26, 1903 Bank of the Republic of Brazil S / A.
 This ranch house next door had a large chapel, fifteen houses for settlers on the farm, the mill and Rural School (for children of settlers on the farm).
 After the death of its owner in 1925, was donated to the school hall.
 Since 1947, Julio Pedroso Lima Junior, son of the owner of Finance sold a few plots of land to Bishop John Matta, in the town now called Santa Luzia that donated a portion of land for construction of a chapel and elsewhere to increase the area of the school grounds.
 The houses built on the farm were donated to the residents (settlers and squatters).
 In 1932, the farm is now run by his nephew Americo Lima.
 Was subdivided by his grandson Antonio de Lima Barros Filho.
 Its shares gave rise to existing neighborhoods Orangery, Santa Luzia and Boa Vista Jardim Catarina.
Major General Frank Augustus Keating (February 4, 1895 – April 28, 1973) was a career officer of the United States Army who commanded the 102nd Infantry Division during World War II, was Governor of the U.S. Zone of Germany, and was Chief U.S. Military Advisor to Korea.
