Rev. Robert Wilkinson Castle Jr. (August 29, 1929 – October 27, 2012) was an American Episcopal priest, social activist, and actor.
 Castle was the subject of the 1992 documentary film "Cousin Bobby", which was directed by his cousin, film director Jonathan Demme.
 His involvement in Demme's documentary led to an unlikely career as an actor in more than a dozen films over the next two decades, including roles in "Philadelphia", "The Addiction", "Beloved", and "Rachel Getting Married".
Ciné Institute is a film school in Jacmel, Haiti, which grew out of the Jacmel Film Festival in 2008.
 It is the first and only film school in Haiti founded by David Belle.
 The college offers a free two-year tuition made possible by private donors.
 The school encourages professionals, filmmakers, business people and artists from other mediums to come visit and perform workshops (called "master classes") within its weekly schedule; time slots that are pre-reserved in its curriculum.
 Some notable attendees include, Paul Haggis, Jonathan Demme, Ben Stiller, Susan Sarandon and Edwidge Danticat.
Neil Young Journeys is a 2011 American concert documentary film produced and directed by Jonathan Demme, featuring Neil Young and produced for Sony Pictures Classics.
 It is, along with "" (2006) and "Neil Young Trunk Show" (2009), part of a Neil Young trilogy being created by Demme.
Moth Wranglers was a musical collaboration formed in 1998 by Chris Xefos (Drop Quarters, ex-King Missile), and LD Beghtol (Flare, The Magnetic Fields).
 The duo took their name from the credits for Jonathan Demme's 1991 thriller "Silence of the Lambs."
 In their decade-long involvement, the pair created two albums and a number of other one-off recordings and live performances, mostly working separately in different studios.
 Guest musicians figure prominently on moth wranglers' recordings ("Never Mind the Context" (Magnetic, 2001), "Never Better" (Magnetic, 2004), and "Never Again" (digital release, 2010), including Victor Krummenacher and Jonathan Segel of Camper Van Beethoven), Ken Stringfellow of The Posies, Stephin Merritt of The Magnetic Fields, Doug Hilsinger and other noted rock/pop musicians of an experimental bent as well as multi-instrumentalist/mentalist/author Daniel Handler.
 The moth wranglers' song “Dear Santa (Don’t Come to My House)” — featuring Kendall Jane Meade — was used in the 2008 Irish feature film “How About You”, directed by Anthony Byrne and starring Vanessa Redgrave, Joss Akland and Hayley Atwell.
 moth wranglers disbanded in 2010.
Skip Lievsay is an American supervising sound editor, re-recording mixer and sound designer for film and television, Lievsay has worked with filmmakers and directors including the Coen brothers, Martin Scorsese, Spike Lee, Jonathan Demme and Robert Altman.
Ricki and the Flash is a 2015 American comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Demme and written by Diablo Cody, about a woman who leaves her family to become a rock star and later gets a chance to make amends.
 The film stars Meryl Streep, Mamie Gummer, Kevin Kline, Sebastian Stan, Rick Springfield, Audra McDonald, and Ben Platt.
 The film marks Streep and Kline's third collaboration after "Sophie's Choice" (1982) and "A Prairie Home Companion" (2006).
 It was Demme's final dramatic film before his death in April 2017.
The New England Festival of Ibero American Cinema is a film festival that takes place annually in the cities of Providence, Rhode Island, and New Haven, Connecticut, in the United States.
 It is the largest Latin American cinema festival in the region of New England.
 Held in early fall in Providence and New Haven, the festival aims to become the premier showcase for new works from Latin American and Ibero American filmmakers.
 The festival comprises competitive sections for feature films, documentaries and short films.
 A group of non-competitive showcase sections, including and Panorama are also an important part of the festival.
 Panels, Art Exhibits and Discussions are the focus of the festival which every year invites and hosts Spanish and Latin American filmmakers to interact with Providence and New England audiences.
Cousin Bobby is a 1992 American documentary film directed by Jonathan Demme.
 The film focuses on Demme's cousin, Robert W. Castle, an Episcopalian minister in Harlem, New York.
 It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
A Decade Under the Influence is a 2003 American documentary film, directed by Ted Demme and Richard LaGravenese.
 It was produced by Independent Film Channel.
 It is about the "turning point" in American cinema in the 1970s: New Hollywood.
 This was the final film Ted directed (his uncle Jonathan Demme died a decade later).
Subway Stories: Tales from the Underground is a film made in 1997 and produced by Home Box Office for television.
 It began as a contest among New Yorkers who submitted stories about their experiences within the New York City Subway.
 HBO picked ten of the stories and cast mostly well-known or accomplished actors (such as Denis Leary, Bonnie Hunt, Rosie Perez and Bill Irwin), and ten well-respected directors (such as Jonathan Demme, Ted Demme, Abel Ferrara, Craig McKay, Julie Dash, and Bob Balaban).
