The 2016 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game that was played on February 14, 2016.
 It was the 65th NBA All-Star Game.
 The Western Conference won 196–173 over the Eastern Conference, and Russell Westbrook was named the NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player (MVP).
 It was held at Air Canada Centre in Toronto, home of the Toronto Raptors.
 The Raptors were awarded the All-Star Game in an announcement on September 30, 2013.
 This was the first time that the game was held outside the United States.
 TSN and Sportsnet televised the game nationally in Canada, while TNT and TBS televised the game nationally in the United States.
 This was also the 18th and final All-Star Game in which Kobe Bryant participated, as a result of his retirement after the 2015–16 season.
The 1967 NBA All-Star Game was the 17th All-Star Game played January 10, 1967, at the Cow Palace in San Francisco, California.
 The coaches were Red Auerbach, Boston Celtics (Eastern Conference) and Fred Schaus, Los Angeles Lakers (Western Conference).
 The Western Conference All-Stars defeated the Eastern Conference All-Stars, 135-120.
 The game featured the ejection of Red Auerbach, (who retired at the end of the previous season) head coach of the Eastern Conference, who became the only coach to be ejected in an All-Star Game.
The 1951 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game played on March 2, 1951, at Boston Garden in Boston, Massachusetts, home of the Boston Celtics.
 The game was the first edition of the National Basketball Association (NBA) All-Star Game and was played during the 1950–51 NBA season.
 The idea of holding an All-Star Game was conceived during a meeting between NBA President Maurice Podoloff, NBA publicity director Haskell Cohen and Boston Celtics owner Walter A. Brown.
 At that time, the basketball world had just been stunned by the college basketball point-shaving scandal.
 In order to regain public attention to the league, Cohen suggested the league to host an exhibition game featuring the league's best players, similar to the Major League Baseball's All-Star Game.
 Although most people, including Podoloff, were pessimistic about the idea, Brown remained confident that it would be a success.
 He even offered to host the game and to cover all the expenses or potential losses incurred from the game.
 The Eastern All-Stars team defeated the Western All-Stars team 111–94.
 Boston Celtics' Ed Macauley was named as the first NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award.
 The game became a success, drawing an attendance of 10,094, much higher than that season's average attendance of 3,500.
The 2012 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on February 26, 2012 at 7:30 p.m. EST at the Amway Center in Orlando, Florida, home of the Orlando Magic.
 This game was the 61st edition of the National Basketball Association (NBA) All-Star Game and was played during the 2011–12 NBA season.
 The Orlando Magic were awarded the All-Star Game in an announcement by commissioner David Stern on May 4, 2010.
 This was also the second time that Orlando has hosted the All-Star Game; the city had previously hosted the event in 1992 in the Orlando Arena, the Magic's previous home arena.
 This game also marked the first time an Eastern Conference city hosted an All-Star game since Atlanta in 2003.
 Despite the 2011 NBA lockout, which reduced the regular season to sixty-six games on a condensed schedule, the All-Star Game took place as scheduled.
 The Western Conference team defeated the Eastern Conference team 152–149.
The 1998 NBA All-Star Game was the 48th edition of the North American National Basketball Association All-Star Game.
 The event was held at Madison Square Garden in New York City.
 The East won the game 135–114.
 This game was the All-Star Game debut of Kobe Bryant, the youngest all-star in NBA history at 19 years of age, and rookie Tim Duncan.
 Bryant had a team-high 18 points.
 Michael Jordan earned MVP honors, scoring 23 points, grabbing 6 rebounds, and dishing out 8 assists despite having the flu.
 This was Jordan's third MVP award.The Game featured four all-stars from the Los Angeles Lakers.
 The Western Conference was coached by George Karl from the Seattle SuperSonics and the Eastern Conference was coached by Larry Bird of the Indiana Pacers.
 This marks the only All-Star game to feature both Kobe Bryant, who was the youngest player in NBA history to be in the all-star game and Michael Jordan in which Jordan was with the Chicago Bulls.
 Jordan came out of retirement one final time in 2001 and played two more seasons (and selected to the All-Star team both years) for the Washington Wizards.
 Grant Hill and Michael Jordan shot the best field goal percentages this game when comparing players who shot ten or more shots.
 Grant Hill was 7/11 from the field and he knocked down a three (.636%).
 Michael Jordan was 10/18 from the field and he also knocked down one three (.556%).
The 2011–12 Miami Heat season is the franchise's 24th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 They came into the season as the defending Eastern Conference champions, the second season playing with the "Big Three" of Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, and Chris Bosh, and the fourth season under head coach Erik Spoelstra.
 Prior to the beginning of the season, they looked to bounce back from their disappointing finish to the previous year where they lost to the Dallas Mavericks in the NBA Finals.
 Following the 2011 NBA lockout the Heat played only 66 games this season.
 They won their division for the 9th time and appeared in the Eastern Conference Finals for the 5th time.
 For the second year in a row, Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, and Chris Bosh were all selected to the NBA All-Star Game, tying the record for the most Heat players in an All-Star game in franchise history.
The 1999–2000 NBA season was the Pacers' 24th season in the National Basketball Association, and 33rd season as a franchise.
 It was their first season playing at the Conseco Fieldhouse.
 The Pacers finished first place in the Central Division with a 56–26 record, highlighted by a franchise-best 25-game winning streak at home, which was worthy of the Eastern Conference first seed in the playoffs, guaranteed home-court advantage throughout the Eastern Conference playoffs for the first time in franchise history, and an all-time franchise best win-loss record.
 Jalen Rose led the team with 18.2 points per game, and was named Most Improved Player of the Year.
 Reggie Miller and Dale Davis were both selected for the 2000 NBA All-Star Game in Oakland.
The 1999–2000 NBA season was the 53rd season of the National Basketball Association in New York City.
 During the offseason, the Knicks re-signed free agent John Wallace.
 In his second year with the Knicks, Latrell Sprewell became a starter after playing off the bench last season and averaged 18.6 points per game.
 After advancing to the NBA Finals as the #8 seed last year, the Knicks finished second in the Atlantic Division with a 50–32 record, good enough for their first 50-win season since 1997.
 Allan Houston and head coach Jeff Van Gundy represented the Eastern Conference during the 2000 NBA All-Star Game.
 In the first round of the playoffs, the Knicks swept the Toronto Raptors in three straight games.
 In the semifinals, they faced the Miami Heat for the fourth consecutive year.
 They would defeat the 2nd-seeded Heat in a tough hard fought seven game series, but would lose in six games to the Indiana Pacers in the Eastern Conference Finals.
The 1999–2000 NBA season was the Bucks' 32nd season in the National Basketball Association.
 During the offseason, the Bucks acquired Danny Manning and former Bucks star Dale Ellis from the Orlando Magic, who acquired Manning from the Phoenix Suns, and Ellis from the Seattle SuperSonics, while signing free agent Darvin Ham.
 With Sam Cassell playing a full season after dealing with injuries, the Bucks played above .500 in the first half of the season.
 However, they struggled in February posting a 3–9 record as Ellis was traded to the Charlotte Hornets.
 With less than a month to go, the Bucks playoff chances appeared bleak as they had a 32–37 record in late March.
 However, down the stretch, they won 10 of their final 13 games to sneak into the playoffs as the #8 seed in the Eastern Conference, finishing fifth in the Central Division with a 42–40 record.
 Ray Allen and Glenn Robinson were both selected for the 2000 NBA All-Star Game.
The 2010 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game between players selected from the National Basketball Association (NBA)'s Western Conference and the Eastern Conference that was played on February 14, 2010 at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas United States.
 This game was the 59th edition of the NBA All-Star Game and was played during the 2009–10 NBA season.
 This was the second time that the Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan area had hosted the All-Star Game; the area had previously hosted the event in 1986.
 Dallas was awarded the All-Star Game in an announcement by commissioner David Stern on October 30, 2008.
