Timothy Radcliffe, OP (born 1 August 1947 in London) is a Roman Catholic priest and Dominican friar of the English Province, and former Master of the Order of Preachers from 1992 to 2001.
 He is the only member of the English Province of the Dominicans to have held the office since the Order's foundation in 1216.
 He is currently the Director of the Las Casas Institute of Blackfriars, Oxford which focuses on the promotion of Social Justice and Human Rights.
Stonyhurst College is Roman Catholic and has had a significant place in English Catholic history for many centuries (including more chequered moments such as the Popish Plot and Gunpowder Plot conspiracies).
 In 1803 the Society of Jesus was re-established in Britain at Stonyhurst and the school became the headquarters of the English Province.
 Until the 1920s Jesuit priests were trained on site in what is today the preparatory school.
 The school continues to place Catholicism and Jesuit philosophy at its core.
 The present chaplain is Father John Twist, SJ.
Grimsby Minster is a minster and parish church located in Grimsby, North East Lincolnshire, England.
 Dedicated to St James, the church belongs to the Church of England and is within the Diocese of Lincoln.
St James' School is a coeducational independent day and boarding school located in Grimsby, North East Lincolnshire, England.
 It comprises a Preparatory School, Senior School and Sixth Form.
 The school is associated with the Church of England Grimsby Minster, dedicated to St James, and incorporates education for the Minster's choristers.
The Siege of Fort Nashwaak occurred during King William's War when New England forces from Boston attacked the capital of Acadia, Fort Nashwaak, at present-day Fredericton, New Brunswick.
 The siege was in retaliation for the French and Indian Siege of Pemaquid (1696) at present day Bristol, Maine.
 In the English Province of Massachusetts Bay.
 Colonel John Hathorne and Major Benjamin Church were the leaders of the New England force of 400 men.
 The siege lasted two days, between October 18–20, 1696, and formed part of a larger expedition by Church against a number of other Acadian communities.
Colonel Daniel Coxe, Jr. (1673–1739), son of Dr. Daniel Coxe, went to his father's North American lands.
 He lived in the American colonies from 1702 to 1716 and after returning to England published an account in 1722 of his travels and a description of the area encompassed by his father's claim, entitled "A Description of the English Province of Carolana, by the Spaniards called Florida, And by the French La Louisiane".
Godefridus Dellius (baptized 28 October 1654, Cothen – 1738) was a clergyman of the Dutch Reformed Church active in and around Albany, New York during the late 17th century, and perhaps the early 18th century.
 He came to the New World as a missionary to the Mohawk people in what was by then the English Province of New York (the former New Netherland).
The Raid on Chignecto occurred during King William's War when New England forces from Boston attacked the Isthmus of Chignecto, Acadia in present-day Nova Scotia.
 The raid was in retaliation for the French and Indian Siege of Pemaquid (1696) at present day Bristol, Maine.
 In the English Province of Massachusetts Bay.
 Colonel Benjamin Church was the leader of the New England force of 400 men.
 The raid lasted nine days, between September 20–29, 1696, and formed part of a larger expedition by Church against a number of other Acadian communities.
The Shire of York (Yorkshire), was the first large governmental unit organized in the English Province of New York soon after English control of the area was established in 1664.
Cambridge Blackfriars is a priory in Cambridgeshire, England.
 It was established in 1238, dissolved in 1538 and re-established in 1938.
 Today it continues to operate as a Dominican priory and the novitiate house of the English Province of the Order of Preachers.
