Slash's Blues Ball was an American blues rock band that formed in Los Angeles, California in 1996.
 The band, which comprised lead guitarist Slash, lead vocalist Teddy "Big Bag Zig Zag" Andreadis, bassist Johnny Griparic, drummer Alvino Bennet, rhythm guitarist Bobby Schneck and saxophonist Dave McLaurin, toured as a cover band for two years following the departure of Slash from American hard rock band Guns N' Roses.
 The band did not release any albums.
Five Horse Johnson is an American blues rock band from Toledo, Ohio, formed in 1995.
 They have toured with such popular groups as Clutch and Halfway to Gone.
 The band combines hard rock, blues and other influences into a blend of stoner rock/blues music they call their own.
 Their second to latest album "The Mystery Spot" featured many special guests including drummer Jean-Paul Gaster from Clutch; on a related note they have played a worldwide tour with Clutch and Dub Trio.
Live at Carnegie Hall is the ninth album (and third live album) by American blues rock band Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble, released by Epic Records in July 1997.
 The album consists of live selections from their sold-out October 4, 1984 benefit concert at Carnegie Hall for the T.J. Martell Foundation.
 Backed by a ten-piece big band for the second half of the event, Vaughan had celebrated his thirtieth birthday the night before, and called the concert his "best birthday ever, forever".
 The band's double-set performance, which included several blues and R&B standards, was highly successful, receiving mostly positive reviews from music critics.
The Muggs is an American blues rock band from Detroit, Michigan.
 Formed in February 2000 by guitarist Danny Methric, bassist Tony DeNardo and drummer Matt Rost.
 They were ranked in December 2008 on the "100 Hot Unsigned Band" list by "Music Connection".
 They won several awards including the Best Blues Artist and the Best Rock Band for 2007.
The Electric Flag was an American blues rock soul group, led by guitarist Mike Bloomfield, keyboardist Barry Goldberg and drummer Buddy Miles, and featuring other musicians such as vocalist Nick Gravenites and bassist Harvey Brooks.
 Bloomfield formed the Electric Flag in 1967, following his stint with the Butterfield Blues Band.
 The band reached its peak with the 1968 release, "A Long Time Comin'", a fusion of rock, jazz, and R&B styles that charted well in the "Billboard" Pop Albums chart.
 Their initial recording was a soundtrack for "The Trip", a movie about an LSD experience by Peter Fonda, written by Jack Nicholson and directed by Roger Corman.
Double Trouble is an American blues rock band from Austin, Texas, formed by guitarist/singer Stevie Ray Vaughan in 1978.
 The group was active throughout the 1980s and responsible for reviving the blues, inspiring many later blues and rock musicians.
 Formed in Austin, Texas, by 1985 the group consisted of Vaughan, Chris Layton (drums), Tommy Shannon (bass), and eventually Reese Wynans (keyboards).
 While with Vaughan the band was billed Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble.
 Rooted in blues and rock music, the group worked in many genres ranging from ballads to soul, often incorporating jazz and other elements.
The following list details musicians who have been, and still are, members of the American blues rock band Canned Heat.
 Since the band formed in 1965, 43 different members have passed through the band.
 The band's current lineup includes bassist Larry "The Mole" Taylor who first joined the band in 1967, drummer Adolfo "Fito" de la Parra who has been with the group since 1967, guitarist Harvey "The Snake" Mandel who first joined the band in 1969 and vocalist Dale Spalding who joined the band in 2008.
Frank Lee Beard (born June 11, 1949) is the drummer in the American rock band ZZ Top.
 Beard was formerly with the bands The Cellar Dwellers, who originally were a three-piece band, The Hustlers, The Warlocks, and American Blues before starting to play and record with Billy Gibbons and Dusty Hill as ZZ Top.
Chris Robinson Brotherhood is an American blues rock band formed in 2011 by Black Crowes singer Chris Robinson while The Black Crowes were on hiatus.
 The band has released four studio albums: "Big Moon Ritual", "The Magic Door", "Phosphorescent Harvest", and "Any Way You Love, We Know How You Feel".
 The band consists of Robinson, guitarist Neal Casal, keyboardist Adam MacDougall, bassist Jeff Hill (who replaced original bassist Mark Dutton in 2016), and drummer Tony Leone (who replaced original drummer George Sluppick in January 2015).
Mabel Greer's Toyshop are an English progressive rock (initially as psychedelic rock) band formed in London, active from 1966 to 1968 that was the precursor to the rock band Yes.
 Their music was marked by a combination of psychedelic, American blues and classically influenced arrangements with poetic lyrics.
 Members included Chris Squire, Peter Banks, Tony Kaye, Bill Bruford, and Jon Anderson.
 The band reformed in 2014 with original members, singer and guitarist Clive Bayley and drummer Robert Hagger, along with Hugo Barré, Tony Kaye, and Billy Sherwood.
