Sea of Death (Portuguese: Mar Morto) is a Brazilian Modernist novel written by Jorge Amado.
 Amado wrote the novel in response to his first arrest for "being a communist".
 The novel follows the lives of poor fishermen around Bahia, and their relationship with the Afro-Brazilian religion Candomblé, especially the sea goddess Iemanjá.
 The novel's style and themes include many traits that characterize Amado's later work.
Blue Denim was a successful Broadway play by writer James Leo Herlihy, the author of the novels "All Fall Down" (1960) and "Midnight Cowboy" (1965).
 It starred Carol Lynley, Warren Berlinger and newcomer Burt Brinckerhoff in the lead male role.
 Opening on February 27, 1958, the play ran for 166 performances at the Playhouse Theatre.
All Fall Down is a 1962 American drama film, adapted from the novel "All Fall Down" (1960) by James Leo Herlihy, the author of "Midnight Cowboy" (1965).
 It was directed by John Frankenheimer and produced by John Houseman.
 The screenplay was adapted from the novel by playwright William Inge and the film starred Eva Marie Saint and Warren Beatty.
 Upon its release, the film was a minor box-office hit.
 Together with her performance in Frankenheimer's "The Manchurian Candidate" (1962), Angela Lansbury (who played a destructively manipulative mother in both films) won the year's National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actress.
 The film was entered in the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
The Violent Land (Portuguese: Terras do Sem Fim) is a Brazilian Modernist novel written by Jorge Amado in 1943 and published in English in 1945.
 It describes the battles to develop cacao plantations in the forests of the Bahia state of Brazil.
 Amado wrote that "No other of my books. . . is as dear to me as "The Violent Land", in it lie my roots; it is from the blood from which I was created; it contains the gunfire that resounded during my early infancy", and suggested that the novel belongs to a distinct Brazilian "literature of cacao".
 By 1965, the book had been adapted as a film, as well as for the stage, television and radio.
Jubiabá (] ) is a Brazilian modernist novel written by Jorge Amado in 1935.
 It earned Amado an international reputation, being hailed by Albert Camus as “a magnificent and haunting” book.
Ilhéus/Bahia-Jorge Amado Airport (IATA: IOS, ICAO: SBIL) , is the airport serving Ilhéus, Brazil.
 Since March 12, 2002 it is named after the writer Jorge Amado de Faria (1912–2001), who was born in the nearby city of Itabuna.
The Discovery of America by the Turks (Portuguese: A Descoberta da América pelos Turcos) is a Brazilian Modernist novel.
 It was written by Jorge Amado in 1994 but not published in English until 2012.
 Amado tells how, in 1991, he was approached by an organization in Italy to write a story to celebrate the fifth centennial of the discovery of the American continent.
 This would be published in a book, together with stories by Norman Mailer and Carlos Fuentes, which would be handed out to passengers flying between Italy and Central, North and South America in 1992, the year of the fifth centennial.
 Amado submitted The Discovery of America by the Turks but the Italian book was never published, leaving Amado free to publish the 77-page story as a separate volume.
The Season of the Witch is a novel by James Leo Herlihy.
 The story is written in the form of a journal that spans three months in the life of teenage runaway Gloria Glyczwych during the autumn of 1969.
Elsimar Metzker Coutinho (Pojuca, May 18, 1930) is a Brazilian scientist of Luso-Austrian descent, professor, gynecologist and television personality, and character named as "Prince of Itapoan", in the books of Jorge Amado which references the Coutinho family's land in Itapoan where Amado himself lived.
Zélia Gattai Amado de Faria (July 2, 1916 – May 17, 2008) was a Brazilian photographer, memoirist, novelist and author of children's literature, as well as a member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters.
 She was married to internationally famous writer Jorge Amado from 1945 until his death in 2001.
