El Chapulín Colorado (English: "The Red Grasshopper" or as Captain Hopper in the English version of "El Chavo: Animated Series") is a Mexican television comedy series that ran from 1972 to 1981 and parodied superhero shows.
 It was created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños (Chespirito), who also played the main character.
 It was first aired by Canal de las Estrellas in 1970 in Mexico, and then was aired across Latin America and Spain until 1981, alongside "El Chavo", which shared the same cast of actors.
 Both shows have endured in re-runs and have won back some of their popularity in several countries such as Colombia, where it has aired in competition with "The Simpsons" (which has a character based on him), or Peru.
 The name translates literally in English as "The Red Grasshopper" (the word "chapulín" is of Nahuatl origin and applies to a Mexican species of grasshopper, while "colorado" refers to having conspicuous red colouration.
 The word can also mean ruddy, reddish, red-coloured or crimson, blushing for instances would be said to cause the cheeks to be "colorados", and the skin would be "colorada" when you get a sunburn).
 The main character uses a conspicuous red uniform.
 It is also known in Brazil as "Chapolin", "Vermelhinho" ("Little Red One") and "Polegar Vermelho" ("Red Thumb") in allusion to the famous fairy tale character Tom Thumb.
Child of All Nations is the second book in Pramoedya Ananta Toer's epic quartet called "Buru Quartet", first published by Hasta Mitra in 1980.
 "Child of All Nations" continues the story of the lives of the main character, Minke, and his mother in law, Nyai Ontosoroh.
 By describing the lives of these two people who live in the Dutch controlled islands of Java, Pramoedya is able to discuss many aspects of life in a colonized nation.
 "Child of All Nations" explores the social hierarchy in a colonized nation by giving glimpses of how the oppressed colonized peoples, such as the Javanese farmers, are required to be submissive to their occupiers, the Dutch.
 That wealthy, educated Javanese like Minke and Nyai were still considered inferior to the Dutch due to their Native birth status and frequently simply the color of their skin.
 The main theme of the novel is, as the title suggests, that the world is becoming more integrated as revealed in the life of the main character Minke, the self-proclaimed “child of all nations” .
 Minke speaks French, Dutch, Malay, and both high and low Javanese.
 He writes for a newspaper published in Dutch and has to come to terms with being a 'native' in a European controlled world.
 His worldview is jaded by the fact that he is wealthy and educated, and therefore closer to the Dutch than other Javanese; however, Minke comes to realize the ethical implications of the injustices being done to his people.
 His life is caught between two worlds, which the novel follows as he tries to understand who he really is, his role in the Dutch-occupied society, and his duty to his people.
Tom Swift is the main character of five series of American juvenile science fiction and adventure novels that emphasize science, invention and technology.
 First published in 1910, the series total more than 100 volumes.
 The character was created by Edward Stratemeyer, the founder of the Stratemeyer Syndicate, a book-packaging firm.
 Tom's adventures have been written by various ghostwriters, beginning with Howard Garis.
 Most of the books are credited to the collective pseudonym "Victor Appleton".
 The 33 volumes of the second series use the pseudonym Victor Appleton II for the author.
 For this series, and some of the later series, the main character is "Tom Swift, Jr." New titles have been published as recently as 2007.
 Most of the various series emphasized Tom's inventions.
 The books generally describe the effects of science and technology as wholly beneficial, and the role of the inventor in society as admirable and heroic.
Justin Bradley (born September 8, 1985) is a Canadian actor.
 He was born in Montreal, Quebec.
 He started his career at the age of six, modelling on various department store advertisements.
 Bradley also appeared in commercials for McDonald's, Danone and Canadian Tire as a child.
 Best known for voice overs, he did the voice over of the main character in the children's animation, "Arthur" (in which he voiced the main character in 2001), voiced Tommy in the Cinelume dub of the Italian animated TV series "Tommy and Oscar", supplied the voice of Manny Escobar in "Fred's Head" and played the voice of Charley Bones (a.k.a. Zapman) in the children's animation, "Mona the Vampire".
 He also played a recurring character in the short-lived CW drama "The Beautiful Life".
Gunston Street is a weekly comic strip that is written and illustrated by Basil Zaviski.
 The main character Phil, is based on Basil's father Phillip Zaviski, who served with Basil in the same National Guard Unit for over 7 years.
 Although the main character is based on his father, the strips are that of Basil Zaviski's experiences.
 The heavy leaning storyline of the main character "Phil" tends to focus on the life and times of your average Army National Guardsman and their daily struggles with deployments, family and combat.
Kenneth Lewis Roberts (December 8, 1885 – July 21, 1957) was an American author of historical novels. Roberts worked first as a journalist, becoming nationally known for his work with the "Saturday Evening Post" from 1919 to 1928, and then as a popular novelist.
 Born in Kennebunk, Maine, Roberts specialized in Regionalist historical fiction.
 He often wrote about his native state and its terrain, also depicting other upper New England states and scenes.
 For example, the main characters of "Arundel" and "Rabble in Arms" are from Kennebunkport (then called Arundel), the main character of "Northwest Passage" is depicted as being from Kittery, Maine with friends in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and the main character in "Oliver Wiswell" is from Milton, Massachusetts.
Lucas "Snapper" Carr is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
 The character, whose fictional nickname is almost always used by other characters in favor of his given name, was created by Gardner Fox (writer) and Mike Sekowsky (penciller), and made his first appearance in "The Brave and the Bold" in February 1960.
 From 1960 to 1969, Snapper Carr appeared as a supporting character to the Justice League of America, a superhero team.
 The character occasionally appeared in comics featuring the Justice League from 1969 to 1989, when the "Invasion!
" limited-series comic book gave him superpowers.
 He was associated with a new superhero team, The Blasters, in various comics until 1993, when he lost his powers and became a main character in the "Hourman" comic book.
 After the cancellation of "Hourman" in April 2001, he became a main character in the "Young Justice" comic book beginning in December 2001.
 "Young Justice" was cancelled in May 2003, and he became associated with the governmental organization Checkmate, a role revealed when the character played a small but important role in the 2007-2008 limited series comic book "52 Aftermath: The Four Horsemen".
 The character made major appearances in "Final Crisis: Resist" in December 2008 and "Justice League of America 80-Page Giant" in November 2009.
FBI Special Agent Fox William Mulder is a fictional character in the Fox science fiction-supernatural television series "The X-Files", played by David Duchovny.
 Mulder's peers consider his (often correct) theories on extraterrestrial activity as spooky and far-fetched.
 He also has a photographic memory and is partially colorblind.
 With his FBI partner Dana Scully, he works in the X-Files office, which is concerned with cases with particularly mysterious or possibly paranormal circumstances that were left unsolved and shelved by the FBI.
 Mulder was a main character for the first seven seasons, but was limited to a recurring character for the following two seasons.
 He returns as a main character for the tenth season.
Princess Merida of DunBroch (Scottish Gaelic: Mèrida) is the main character from the 2012 Disney Pixar film "Brave".
 Merida was added to the Disney Princess line-up as the 11th Princess and the first Pixar character to receive the honor on May 11, 2013.
 Merida is also the main character of the games "Brave" and "".
 Merida also is a playable character in the "Disney Infinity" Franchise, first appearing in "Disney Infinity 2.0."
Chloe Sullivan is a fictional character in the television series "Smallville", which is based on the Superman and Superboy comics published by DC Comics.
 Portrayed by series regular Allison Mack, the character was created exclusively for "Smallville" by series developers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar.
 Other than main character Clark Kent, Chloe is the only main character to last the duration of the show, though Mack only signed on for five episodes in the tenth and final season.
 The character has also appeared in various literature based on "Smallville", an internet series, and was then later adapted back into the original Superman comics which inspired "Smallville".
