Heckscher Park is a local park and national historic district in Huntington, Suffolk County, New York.
 It is bounded by Madison Street, Sabbath Day Path, Main Street, and Prime Avenue.
 The park is roughly triangular-shaped with a large pond on northwest corner, and contains the Heckscher Museum of Art established by industrialist August Heckscher, as well as the Chapin Rainbow Theater.
 It hosts annual art festivals, tulip festivals, concerts, renaissance fairs, and the Huntington Summer Arts Festival.
 Heckscher Park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
City Market in Raleigh is a market located in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States.
 It was founded in October, 1914.
 It became known as a historic place when Raleigh City Council secured a grant from the North Carolina Division of Archives & History to study the architectural resources surrounding Moore Square, in 1980.
 It is one of the major tourist attractions in Raleigh.
 In early May, 2008, the market was the location of an art project unveiling by the Visual Art Exchange.
 The market hosts a monthly festival, called "First Friday", on the first Friday of every month.
Railroad Square Art Park is an arts, culture and entertainment district of Tallahassee, Florida, located off Railroad Avenue (just south of the Amtrak station and FAMU), filled with a variety of metal art sculptures and stores selling artwork and collectibles.
 Railroad Square is mainly known for its small locally owned shops and working artist studios, and its alternative art scene.
 It is also known as home to the second location of Tallahassee's long-serving local business staple Black Dog Cafe.
 On the first Friday of every month, Railroad Square is home to a free gallery hop known as First Friday from 6pm-9pm, where a diverse group of upwards of 5000-7000+ Tallahasseeans of all ages come to meet their friends and experience art.
The Heckscher Museum of Art is located in scenic Heckscher Park, in Huntington, New York, within walking distance of downtown shops and award-winning restaurants.
 The Museum provides a dynamic schedule of changing exhibitions on American art.
 Additionally, public programs for adults, families, and children, include "First Friday" concert series, gallery talks, festivals and workshops.
Whit Friday, meaning White Friday, is the name given to the first Friday after Pentecost or Whitsun (White Sunday).
NBA Friday is a weekly presentation of National Basketball Association games on ESPN.
 Formerly known as "NBA Friday Coast to Coast" during doubleheader nights, the program starts the first Friday of the NBA season, and typically runs uninterrupted throughout the entire season.
 In 2006, "NBA Friday" was preempted from March 10 to March 31, due to ESPN deciding against counter programming the NCAA Tournament.
 Nearly all "NBA Friday" telecasts consist of a doubleheader, with one game typically from the east coast at 8:00 p.m and the west coast at 10:30 p.m.
"First Friday" is a name for various public events in some cities (particularly in the United States) that occur on the first Friday of every month.
Gallery5 is an arts center, museum, gallery, venue, and community space in Richmond, VA.
 It is located at 200 West Marshall Street in Richmond, VA, in the historic Jackson Ward neighborhood.
 Gallery5 is housed in the original building of Steamer Company Number 5, which is the oldest firehouse in Virginia, dating back to 1867.
 This historic building has seen many incarnations; in addition to the original fire station the building has also served as a police station, a Fire and Police Museum, and a hot dog emporium.
 The gallery is a cornerstone participant in Richmond's monthly First Friday Art Walk, which takes place on the first Friday of every month and draws artists and art-enthusiasts in throngs to Downtown Richmond.
Howard G. (Peter) Sloane (born December, 1950) is an American philanthropist and the Chairman and CEO of The Heckscher Foundation for Children, a New York-based private foundation established in 1921 by German-born industrialist, financier, and philanthropist August Heckscher.
The Heritage Acres Farm Museum is an open-air museum in southern Alberta, Canada.
 In particular it showcases antique machinery and vintage cars.
 Buildings from surrounding communities have been moved to the historic site and restored to various years within the twentieth century including a historic prairie grain elevator and many different forms of farm machinery and equipment from the 1900s to 1960s.
 As well the "Crystal Village" a miniature village of various buildings made completely from telephone insulators made by a local rancher.
 Heritage Acres Farm Museumhosts annual events including a garage sale in May, Chuckwagon cookoff and horse show in June, Annual show with many farming demonstrations August long weekend, candlelight church service first Friday in December and a Breakfast with Santa the first Saturday in December.
