Oasis were an English rock band formed in Manchester in 1991.
 Originally composed of vocalist Liam Gallagher, guitarists Noel Gallagher and Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, bassist Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan and drummer Tony McCarroll, the band released their debut album "Definitely Maybe" in 1994, the material for which was entirely written by Noel Gallagher.
 The album topped the UK Albums Chart, and was supported by the release of "Supersonic", "Shakermaker", "Live Forever" and "Cigarettes & Alcohol" as singles. Later in the year, the band released the standalone single "Whatever", which reached number 3 in the UK Singles Chart.
Oasis were an English rock band formed in Manchester in 1991.
 Developed from an earlier group, the Rain, the band originally consisted of Liam Gallagher (vocals and tambourine), Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs (guitar), Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan (bass guitar), and Tony McCarroll (drums, percussion).
 They were later joined by Liam's older brother Noel Gallagher (lead guitar and vocals) as a fifth member, becoming the band's settled line-up until April 1995.
Definitely Maybe is the debut studio album by English rock band Oasis, released on 29 August 1994 by Creation Records.
 It was an immediate commercial and critical success in the UK, having followed on the heels of singles "Supersonic", "Shakermaker" and "Live Forever".
 It is their only full album to feature original drummer Tony McCarroll.
(What's the Story) Morning Glory?
 is the second studio album by English rock band Oasis, released on 2 October 1995 by Creation Records.
 It was produced by Owen Morris and the group's guitarist Noel Gallagher.
 The structure and arrangement style of the album were a significant departure from the group's previous record "Definitely Maybe".
 Gallagher's compositions were more focused in balladry and placed more emphasis on huge choruses, with the string arrangements and more varied instrumentation on the record contrasting with the rawness of the group's debut album. "
(What's the Story) Morning Glory?"
 was the group's first album with drummer Alan White, who replaced Tony McCarroll.
Oasis are a britpop band formed in Manchester by Liam Gallagher (vocals), Paul Arthurs (guitar), Paul McGuigan (bass) and Tony McCarroll (drums), who were soon joined by Liam's older brother Noel Gallagher (guitar, vocals).
Oasis were an English rock band from Manchester.
 Formed in 1991, the group originally featured Gallagher brothers Liam (lead vocals) and Noel (guitar, vocals), as well as guitarist and keyboardist Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, bassist Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan and drummer Tony McCarroll.
 After signing to Creation Records in 1993, the band released their debut album "Definitely Maybe" in 1994, which topped the UK Albums Chart and went on to sell over 15 million copies worldwide.
 In April 1995, after the recording and release of the single "Some Might Say", McCarroll was fired from Oasis.
 He was replaced by Alan White, who performed on the band's second album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?
", released in 1995.
 McGuigan briefly left the band during a tour in September 1995 and was temporarily replaced by Scott McLeod, although he returned a few weeks later.
 The band's third album "Be Here Now" was released in 1997, following the previous two releases by topping the UK Albums Chart.
Alan Victor White (born 26 May 1972 in Lewisham, South London) is an English rock drummer, best known as being the drummer of the English rock band Oasis from 1995 to 2004.
 Before Oasis, he was the drummer of Starclub from 1991 to 1994.
 He is the longest serving drummer in the band's history, performing on four studio albums, two compilation albums and one live album during his tenure.
 He joined the band in May 1995 after the band's original drummer Tony McCarroll was removed from the band.
 He was recommended to Noel Gallagher by Gallagher's friend Paul Weller.
 Notably, Alan's brother Steve has been longtime drummer for Weller.
 White left Oasis in early 2004 in somewhat unclear circumstances.
 He was replaced by Zak Starkey, drummer of The Who and son of The Beatles' drummer Ringo Starr.
Definitely Maybe Tour was a world concert tour by English band Oasis in support of their hugely successful debut album "Definitely Maybe".
 The tour, which spanned the UK, Europe, Japan, the US and Canada, included 143 shows over a period of several months in 1994 and 1995 amidst 10 different tour legs.
 The tour started on 6 February 1994 with a short concert at Gleneagles, Scotland, and ended on 22 April 1995 at the Sheffield Arena, which featured an acoustic debut of the future hit Don't Look Back in Anger and was also the last concert to feature original drummer Tony McCarroll.
Anthony "Tony" McCarroll (born 4 June 1971) is an English drummer and one of the founder members of the English rock band Oasis, as their drummer from 1991 to April 1995.
 He played the drums on their debut album, "Definitely Maybe", and on "Some Might Say", Oasis' first number-one single, from the album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?
", before he left the band.
The discography of the English rock band Oasis consists of seven studio albums, one live album, five compilation albums, six video albums, one extended play, twenty-nine singles, nineteen promotional singles and thirty-six music videos.
 The band have sold an estimated 70 million records worldwide and been cited by "Guinness World Records" as the most successful act in the United Kingdom between the years 1995 and 2005.
 Oasis was formed in 1991 by vocalist Liam Gallagher, guitarist Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, bassist Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan and drummer Tony McCarroll – they were later joined by guitarist and songwriter Noel Gallagher.
 The band signed to Creation Records in May 1993 and released their debut single "Supersonic" the following year; it peaked at number 31 in the United Kingdom.
 Follow-up singles "Shakermaker" and "Live Forever" became UK top 15 hits, with the latter also attaining success in the United States. "
Definitely Maybe", the band's debut studio album, topped the UK Albums Chart and went on to be certified seven times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
