Thursday Night Showcase appears every Thursday with the biggest games in college basketball in primetime during the regular season on ESPN and ESPN2.
 The official name is "Thursday Night Showcase presented by T. Rowe Price".
 The games include, on ESPN, an ACC battle at 7pm ET with Mike Patrick doing play- by- play and Len Elmore as color commentator.
 ESPN's 9pm ET game features the Big Ten with Dave O'Brien and Stephen Bardo on the call.
 On ESPN2, a Big East game, shown at 7 p.m. or 9 p.m., is called by Dave Pasch and Doris Burke.
 In the other slot, ESPN2 offers a game from the West Coast Conference with Dave Flemming and either Sean Farnham or Miles Simon calling that game.
 The studio host is Karl Ravech along with analysis from Dan Dakich.
 They deliver the half time report, post game report and live in-game updates.
 The gang also appears on "College GameNight" later that night.
Barry Chappell's Fine Art Showcase is a television show that sells signed original art, lithographs, silkscreens, etchings, sculptures and handmade glass from around the world.
 The show is part of Art and Coin TV's Thursday night line-up.
 It airs throughout the United States and Canada on DirectTV Channel 223 and online at www.ArtAndCoinTV.com.
Thursday Night In San Francisco is a Blues album by Albert King, recorded live in 1968 at the Fillmore Auditorium.
 This album, together with "Wednesday Night in San Francisco", contains leftovers recorded live on the same dates as "Live Wire/Blues Power".
 "Thursday Night In San Francisco", released in 1990, contains material recorded on June 27, 1968.
16th and Mission Thursday Night, more commonly known as 16th & Mission or simply "The Corner", is a weekly underground poetry and music performance event, that takes place in the late evening to midnight, at the street corner outside the entrance to the 16th Street and Mission BART Station in San Francisco.
 16th and Mission Thursday Night was conceived by a group of local poets, musicians and New College of California students known as the Collaborative Arts Insurgency (CAI) in July 2003 as the "open mic without the mic."
Lindenstraße (literally "Lime Street") is a German television drama series, broadcast by Das Erste.
 The first episode aired on 8 December 1985 and since then new episodes have aired weekly.
 Its current timeslot on Das Erste is Sundays at 18:50.
 The events of the Sunday episode usually take place on the Thursday before the show, based on the TV station's original plan of airing the episodes Thursday night.
 Prior of the start of the show, the timeslot was switched to Sunday evening but the Thursday remained the day the events usually take place as the show shall feature the daily life routine of the protagonists on a working day.
 Exceptions are the so-called holiday episodes that take place on Sunday, such as for Christmas and Easter and also on important election days (especially the election to the German Bundestag).
Thursday Night Baseball (formally known as MLB Network Showcase) is the title of a presentation of Major League Baseball on cable and satellite channel MLB Network (self-produced by MLB Network), that premiered on April 9, 2009.
 Longtime NBC Sports broadcaster Bob Costas is one of the play-by-play voices of the broadcasts.
 Matt Vasgersian also does play-by-play on some games.
 Jim Kaat, John Smoltz, and Tom Verducci provide color commentary.
 The network produces 26 non-exclusive live games a year during baseball season.
 Since one or both teams' local TV rights holders also carry the games, the MLB Network feed is subject to local blackouts.
 In that event, the cities in the blacked-out markets will instead see a simulcast of another scheduled game via one team's local TV rights holder.
Wednesday Night Hoops appears every Wednesday with the biggest college basketball game in the Atlantic Coast Conference in primetime during the regular season on ESPN and ESPN2 As well as the Pac-12 Conference.
 The official name is "Wednesday Night Hoops presented by Reese's Peanut Butter Cups".
 "Wednesday Night Hoops" is similar to "Thursday Night Showcase", "Super Tuesday" and "Big Monday", but unlike the others, "Wednesday Night Hoops" only has one game on ESPN due to an NBA game as part of "NBA Wednesday" immediately following the game, although on occasion the NBA Wednesday game will be preempted as there will be a "Wednesday Night Hoops" doubleheader.
Super Tuesday appears on ESPN and ESPN2 every Tuesday in prime time with the biggest regular-season games in college basketball.
 The show is similar to "Big Monday", "Thursday Night Showcase" and "Wednesday Night Hoops".
Roy of Hollywood (real name Roy Tuckman) has produced, engineered and hosted the "Something's Happening" show on Pacifica Radio station KPFK-FM in Los Angeles since 1977.
 His show runs from 12 midnight to 6:00 a.m., Monday night/Tuesday mornings through Thursday night/Friday mornings.
 Monday is "environment/anything goes" night.
 Tuesday is "health/alternative medicine" night, mainly featuring Gary Null.
 Wednesday is politics night.
 Thursday is "spirituality/mysticism" night, often featuring Alan Watts, Jack Gariss, Colin Wilson, and J. Krishnamurti.
High School Showcase, known under its corporate sponsored name as the "GEICO High School Showcase", is a presentation of high school football and high school basketball on ESPN, ESPN2 and ESPNU.
 Since debuting in 2005, it primarily airs on Friday at 8pm ET on ESPNU, following "ESPNU Recruiting Insider", but will occasionally air at various times and days on ESPN and ESPN2.
 The Friday Night Showcase game is called by Jason Benetti and ESPN Recruiting Coordinator Craig Haubert.
 Various commentators call other games throughout the week, although Mike Hall and Tom Luginbill anchor the halftime report and in-game updates.
 The series was previously "Old Spice Red Zone High School Showcase"; the series also has previously had Honda as a presenting sponsor.
