X-Men: First Class (stylized onscreen as X: First Class) is a 2011 American superhero film, based on the X-Men characters appearing in Marvel Comics.
 It is the fifth installment in the "X-Men" film series.
 It is both a prequel and a soft reboot of the franchise, the film was directed by Matthew Vaughn and produced by Bryan Singer.
 The story is set primarily in 1962 during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and focuses on the relationship between Professor Charles Xavier (James McAvoy) and Erik Lehnsherr / Magneto (Michael Fassbender), and the origin of their groups—the X-Men and the Brotherhood of Mutants, respectively, as they deal with the Hellfire Club led by Sebastian Shaw (Kevin Bacon), who is bent on world domination.
 The film co-stars Rose Byrne, January Jones and Oliver Platt.
 The film also introduces new actors to the series including Nicholas Hoult and Jennifer Lawrence who, like McAvoy and Fassbender, reimagine popular characters from the franchise (Beast and Mystique) that have already been established in previous films, namely the original trilogy.
Superman Returns is a 2006 American superhero film directed and produced by Bryan Singer.
 It is based on the DC Comics character Superman and serves as an homage sequel to the motion pictures "Superman" (1978) and "Superman II" (1980), while ignoring the events of "Superman III" (1983) and "" (1987).
 The film stars Brandon Routh as Clark Kent/Superman, Kate Bosworth as Lois Lane, Kevin Spacey as Lex Luthor, with James Marsden, Frank Langella, and Parker Posey.
 The film tells the story of the title character returning to Earth after a five-year absence.
 He finds that his love interest Lois Lane has moved on with her life, and that his archenemy Lex Luthor is plotting a scheme that will destroy Superman and the world.
Daredevil is a 2003 American superhero film written and directed by Mark Steven Johnson.
 Based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, the film stars Ben Affleck as Matt Murdock, a blind lawyer who fights for justice in the courtroom and on the streets of New York as the masked vigilante Daredevil.
 Jennifer Garner plays his love interest Elektra Natchios; Colin Farrell plays the merciless assassin Bullseye; David Keith plays Jack "The Devil" Murdock, a washed up fighter and Matt's father; and Michael Clarke Duncan plays Wilson Fisk, also known as the crime lord Kingpin.
X-Men is a 2000 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 The film, directed by Bryan Singer and written by David Hayter, features an ensemble cast that includes Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen, Halle Berry, Famke Janssen, James Marsden, Bruce Davison, Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, Ray Park, Tyler Mane, and Anna Paquin.
 It depicts a world in which a small proportion of people are mutants, whose possession of superhuman powers makes them distrusted by normal humans.
 The film focuses on the mutants Wolverine and Rogue as they are brought into a conflict between two groups that have radically different approaches to bringing about the acceptance of mutant-kind: Professor Xavier's X-Men, and the Brotherhood of Mutants, led by Magneto.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a 2014 American superhero film based on the fictional X-Men characters that appear in Marvel Comics.
 Directed by Bryan Singer, it is the seventh installment of the "X-Men" film series and acts as a sequel to both 2006's "" and 2011's "".
 The story, inspired by the 1981 "Uncanny X-Men" storyline "Days of Future Past" by Chris Claremont and John Byrne, focuses on two time periods, with Wolverine traveling back in time to 1973 to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants.
 The film features an ensemble cast, including Hugh Jackman, James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Jennifer Lawrence, Halle Berry, Anna Paquin, Ellen Page, Peter Dinklage, Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart.
 Simon Kinberg wrote the screenplay from a story conceived by Jane Goldman, himself, and Matthew Vaughn.
Hellboy is a 2004 American supernatural superhero film directed by Guillermo del Toro and starring Ron Perlman, loosely based on the Dark Horse Comics graphic novel "" by Mike Mignola.
 In the film, a demonic beast-turned superhero known as Hellboy, secretly works to keep the world safe from paranormal threats with his team, the Bureau of Paranormal Research and Defense.
X-Men is an American superhero film series based on the fictional superhero team of the same name, who originally appeared in a series of comic books created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby and published by Marvel Comics.
 20th Century Fox obtained the film rights to the characters in 1994, and after numerous drafts, Bryan Singer was hired to direct "X-Men" (2000) and its sequel, "X2" (2003), while Brett Ratner directed "" (2006).
X-Men: Apocalypse is a 2016 American superhero film based on the fictional X-Men characters that appear in Marvel Comics.
 It is the ninth installment in the "X-Men" film series and a sequel to "".
 Directed by Bryan Singer, with a screenplay by Simon Kinberg from a story conceived by Singer, Kinberg, Michael Dougherty and Dan Harris, the film stars James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Jennifer Lawrence, Oscar Isaac, Nicholas Hoult, Rose Byrne, Tye Sheridan, Sophie Turner, Olivia Munn and Lucas Till.
 The ancient mutant En Sabah Nur awakens in 1983 and plans to wipe out modern civilization and take over the world, leading the X-Men to try to stop him and defeat his team of renegade mutants.
X2 (often promoted as X2: X-Men United and internationally as X-Men 2) is a 2003 American superhero film based on the X-Men superhero team appearing in Marvel Comics.
 It is the sequel to 2000's "X-Men", and the second installment in the "X-Men" film series.
 The film was directed by Bryan Singer, written by Michael Dougherty, Dan Harris, and David Hayter, and features an ensemble cast including Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen, Halle Berry, Famke Janssen, James Marsden, Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, Brian Cox, Alan Cumming, Bruce Davison, Shawn Ashmore, Aaron Stanford, Kelly Hu, and Anna Paquin.
 The plot, inspired by the graphic novel "", pits the X-Men and their enemies, the Brotherhood, against the genocidal Colonel William Stryker (Brian Cox).
 He leads an assault on Professor Xavier's school to build his own version of Xavier's mutant-tracking computer Cerebro, in order to destroy every mutant on Earth and to save the human race from them.
Justice League: War is a direct-to-video animated superhero film featuring the DC Comics superhero team the Justice League, and an adaptation of the story "Justice League: Origin" by Geoff Johns and Jim Lee, the first story in DC's 2011 DC Universe relaunch.
 It was directed by Jay Oliva, scripted by Heath Corson.
 It is the first movie from the DC Universe Animated Original Movies series that is part of a new shared continuity, the DC Animated Movie Universe.
 The film was released for downloading on January 21, 2014<ref name="http://www.com"> </ref> and was released on Blu-ray and DVD formats on February 4, 2014.
 It had its world premiere at the Paley Center for Media on the same day.
<ref name="http://www.bleedingcool.com"> </ref> On August 11, 2015, Warner Home Video re-released the film on a combo pack, which includes a DVD and Blu-Ray copy, a digital copy, and the graphic novel it's based on.
