The Black Unicorn is the second novel in the Magic Kingdom of Landover series by Terry Brooks, and the follow-up to "Magic Kingdom for Sale -- SOLD!
".
 Published in 1987, the book revolves around the evil wizard Meeks attempting to wrest control of the kingdom from Ben Holiday, the High Lord, and the appearance of a mythical black unicorn in the kingdom.
Celebrate the Magic was a nighttime show at the Magic Kingdom park of Walt Disney World, that premiered on November 13, 2012.
 It replaced "The Magic, the Memories and You" display, a similar show that ran at the Magic Kingdom and Disneyland from January 2011 to September 4, 2012.
Harry Lapidus Stalmaster, known as Hal Stalmaster (born March 29, 1940), is an American former actor, known for his lead role in the 1957 Walt Disney film of the American Revolution "Johnny Tremain", based on the 1943 Esther Forbes novel of the same name.
Wishes: A Magical Gathering of Disney Dreams was a fireworks show at the Magic Kingdom theme park of Walt Disney World.
 The show debuted at the park on October 9, 2003, and was developed by Walt Disney Creative Entertainment, under the direction of VP Parades & Spectaculars, Steve Davison, who was assigned to create a replacement for the 32-year-old "Fantasy in the Sky" fireworks.
 Several variations of the show at Walt Disney World include "Happy HalloWishes" during "Mickey's Not-So-Scary Halloween Party", "Holiday Wishes" during "Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party", and "Magic, Music and Mayhem" during the 2007 event "Disney's Pirate and Princess Party".
 The version at Disneyland Park in Disneyland Paris premiered on July 16, 2005 and had its final show on August 25, 2007.
 The show at the Magic Kingdom was sponsored by Pandora Jewelry.
 On February 9, 2017 it was announced by the Disney Parks Blog that "Wishes" would conclude its 13 year run at the Magic Kingdom.
 The show was presented for the last time on May 11, 2017 at the Magic Kingdom Park and was replaced by "Happily Ever After" on May 12, 2017.
The Magic Kingdom Resort Area includes five resorts located along the shores of the Seven Seas Lagoon and Bay Lake, near the Magic Kingdom at the Walt Disney World Resort.
 The area began with the opening of Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Polynesian Resort and Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground.
 The Walt Disney World Monorail System connects Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort and Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa to the Transportation and Ticket Center and the Magic Kingdom.
Johnny Tremain is a 1943 children's fiction historical novel by Esther Forbes set in Boston prior to and during the outbreak of the American Revolution.
 Intended for teen-aged readers, the novel's themes include apprenticeship, courtship, sacrifice, human rights, and the growing tension between Patriots and Loyalists as conflict nears.
 Events described in the novel include the Boston Tea Party, the British blockade of the Port of Boston, the midnight ride of Paul Revere, and the Battles of Lexington and Concord.
Johnny Tremain is a 1957 film made by Walt Disney Productions, based on the 1944 Newbery Medal-winning children's novel of the same name by Esther Forbes, retelling the story of the years in Boston, Massachusetts prior to the outbreak of the American Revolution.
 The movie was directed by Robert Stevenson.
 It was made for television, but first released to theatres.
 Walt Disney understood the new technology of color television and filmed his Walt Disney anthology television series in color.
 But the show, known as "Disneyland" at that time, was broadcast in black and white.
 After its theater run in 1957, the film was shown in its entirety on television in two episodes (in color, then known as "The Wonderful World of Disney"), rather than as a complete film on a single evening, on November 21 and 28, 1958.
Once Upon a Time is a nighttime spectacular at Tokyo Disneyland and Magic Kingdom.
 Similar to "Celebrate the Magic" and "Disney Dreams!
", the Tokyo show premiered on May 29, 2014, and utilizes fireworks, lasers, fire, projection mapping, and searchlights during the 19-minute presentation.
 The Magic Kingdom version is shorter and excludes the use of fire and lasers.
Hancock's Wharf was a dock on the waterfront of Boston, Massachusetts in the 1700s, owned by John Hancock, and previously his uncle, Thomas Hancock.
 Hancock's Wharf began from near the foot of Fleet Street and the junction of Fish and Ship Streets.
 Both of the latter streets are now roughly the present-day Commercial Street.
 This wharf figures prominently in the early setting of "Johnny Tremain", a Newbery Award-winning novel by Esther Forbes.
The Seven Seas Lagoon is a man-made lake at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, near Orlando.
 Located south of the Magic Kingdom theme park, the Seven Seas Lagoon serves as a natural buffer between the Magic Kingdom and its parking lot and connects with the adjacent Bay Lake.
 The lake reaches a depth of 14 feet.
 The lagoon is used mainly for recreational boating, as well as by the resort's three Disney Transport ferryboats that transport guests between the Magic Kingdom and the Transportation and Ticket Center.
