Sexual Life is a 2005 comedy-drama, independent film written and directed by Ken Kwapis, who would go on to chronicle modern romantic life in the better-known "He's Just Not That Into You" in 2009.
 Produced by Ken Aguado and distributed by Showtime Independent Films.
 Cast members include Azura Skye, Carla Gallo, Anne Heche, Elizabeth Banks, Tom Everett Scott, and Steven Weber.
Sesame Street Presents: Follow That Bird (commonly shortened to Follow That Bird) is a 1985 American musical road-comedy film, directed by Ken Kwapis, starring many "Sesame Street" characters (both puppets and live actors).
 This was the first of two "Sesame Street" feature films, followed in 1999 by "The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland".
 The film was produced by Sesame Workshop and Warner Bros., and filmed at the Toronto International Studios, and on location in the Greater Toronto Area.
Heroic bloodshed is a genre of Hong Kong action cinema revolving around stylized action sequences and dramatic themes such as brotherhood, duty, honour, redemption and violence.
 The term "heroic bloodshed" was coined by editor Rick Baker in the magazine "Eastern Heroes" in the late 1980s, specifically referring to the styles of directors John Woo and Ringo Lam.
 Baker defined the genre as "a Hong Kong action film that features a lot of gun play and gangsters rather than kung fu.
 Lots of blood.
 Lots of action."
 Woo's film "A Better Tomorrow" is said to have popularized the genre.
 Woo has also been a major influence in its continued popularity and evolution in his later works, namely "Hard Boiled", "A Better Tomorrow 2", and "The Killer".
John Ira Bailey, A.S.C. (born August 10, 1942) is an American cinematographer and film director best known for his collaborations with directors Paul Schrader, Lawrence Kasdan, Michael Apted, and Ken Kwapis.
 In August 2017, Bailey was elected President of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for a four-year term.
Blackjack, also known as John Woo’s Blackjack is a 1998 TV action film or more specifically a backdoor pilot (of a proposed TV series shot like a film so that it can be used as a one off if it doesn't get picked up) directed by John Woo.
 Dolph Lundgren stars as a former US Marshal turned detective and bodyguard who has a phobia of the colour white, that needs to stop an assassin.
Dunston Checks In is a 1996 American family comedy film starring Eric Lloyd, Graham Sack, Jason Alexander, Faye Dunaway, Rupert Everett, Paul Reubens, Glenn Shadix, and introducing Sam the Orangutan as Dunston.
 It was written by John Hopkins and Bruce Graham and directed by Ken Kwapis.
John Woo's 7 Brothers is a 2006 five-issue comic book limited series published under the Director's Cut imprint of Virgin Comics.
 The series was produced by John Woo, written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Jeevan Kang.
 In 2007, the series was followed by a sequel, "John Woo's 7 Brothers II", written by Ben Raab and Deric Hughes, with art by Edison George.
Run, Tiger, Run is a 1984 Hong Kong comedy film written by Raymond Wong and directed by John Woo.
 The film marks the first collaboration of directors John Woo and Tsui Hark.
License to Wed is a 2007 American romantic comedy film starring Robin Williams, Mandy Moore and John Krasinski, and directed by Ken Kwapis.
 The film was released in theaters on July 3, 2007.
Big Miracle is a 2012 British-American drama film directed by Ken Kwapis, and stars Drew Barrymore and John Krasinski.
 The film is based on Tom Rose's 1989 book "Freeing the Whales", which covers Operation Breakthrough, the 1988 international effort to rescue gray whales trapped in ice near Point Barrow, Alaska.
