Counter-Strike (also known as Half-Life: Counter-Strike) is a first-person shooter video game developed by Valve Corporation.
 It was initially developed and released as a "Half-Life" modification by Minh "Gooseman" Le and Jess Cliffe in 1999, before Le and Cliffe were hired and the game's intellectual property acquired.
 "Counter-Strike" was released by Valve on the Microsoft Windows platform in 2000.
 The game spawned a franchise, and is the first installment in the "Counter-Strike" series.
 Several remakes and Ports of "Counter-Strike" have been released on the Xbox console, as well as OS X and Linux.
 It is sometimes referred to as Counter-Strike 1.6 to distinguish it from other titles of the series, 1.6 being the final major software update the game received.
Fez (stylized as FEZ) is an indie puzzle-platform video game developed by Polytron Corporation and published by Trapdoor.
 The player-character Gomez receives a fez that reveals his two-dimensional (2D) world to be one of four sides of a three-dimensional (3D) world.
 The player rotates between these four 2D views to realign platforms and solve the game's puzzles.
 The object of the game is to collect cubes and cube fragments to restore order to the universe.
Portal 2 is a 2011 first-person puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation.
 It is the sequel to "Portal" (2007) and was released on April 19, 2011, for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
 The retail versions of the game are distributed by Electronic Arts while online distribution of the Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X and Linux versions is handled by Valve's content delivery service Steam.
 "Portal 2" was announced on March 5, 2010, following a week-long alternate reality game based on new patches to the original game.
 Before the game's release on Steam, the company released the Potato Sack, a second multi-week alternate reality game, involving 13 independently developed titles which culminated in a distributed computing spoof to release "Portal 2" several hours early.
Aperture Tag: The Paint Gun Testing Initiative is a 2014 first-person puzzle-platform video game developed by the Aperture Tag Team.
 Originally made as a modification of the Valve Corporation's "Portal" series, it was officially approved for sale by Valve and released on the software distribution platform Steam on July 15, 2014.
 The game lacks the iconic portal gun of the series and instead utilizes a newly created paint gun that fires two kinds of gel with different properties.
 The game features new characters and voice acting, along with twenty-seven levels and a co-op mode that also includes a level editor.
Half-Life 2: Lost Coast is an additional level for the 2004 first-person shooter video game "Half-Life 2".
 Developed by Valve Corporation, it was released on October 27, 2005, through the Steam content delivery service as a free download to owners of the Microsoft Windows version of "Half-Life 2".
 "Lost Coast" serves as a technology demonstration, specifically showcasing the high-dynamic-range rendering implemented in the Source engine.
 The level was designed with a variety of appropriate environments to emphasize these effects.
 In addition, "Lost Coast" was the first video game developed by Valve to allow developers to explain various elements of design as the player progresses through the level.
Portal is a puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation.
 It was released in a bundle package called "The Orange Box" for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in 2007.
 The game has since been ported to other systems, including OS X, Linux, and Android.
Team Fortress 2 (TF2) is a team-based multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Valve Corporation.
 It is the sequel to the 1996 mod "Team Fortress" for "Quake" and its 1999 remake, "Team Fortress Classic".
 It was released as part of the video game bundle "The Orange Box" in October 2007 for Microsoft Windows and the Xbox 360.
 A PlayStation 3 version followed in December 2007.
 The game was released for Windows as a standalone entry in April 2008, and was updated to support OS X in June 2010 and Linux in February 2013.
 It is distributed online through Valve's digital retailer Steam, with retail distribution being handled by Electronic Arts.
Portal is a series of first-person puzzle-platform video games developed by Valve Corporation.
 Set in the "Half-Life" universe, the two main games in the series, "Portal" (2007) and "Portal 2" (2011), center on a woman, Chell, forced to undergo a series of tests within the Aperture Science Enrichment Center by a malicious artificial intelligence computer, GLaDOS, that controls the facility.
 Each test involves using the "Aperture Science Handheld Portal Device" - the "portal gun" - that creates a human-sized wormhole-like connection between nearly any two flat surfaces.
 The player-character or objects in the game world may move through portals, their momentum conserved.
 This allows complex "flinging" maneuvers to be used to cross wide gaps or perform other feats to reach the exit for each test chamber.
 A number of other mechanics, such as lasers, light bridges, tractor funnels, and turrets, exist to aid or hinder the player's goal to reach the exit.
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a third-person action-adventure puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Ubisoft.
 First revealed in March 2003, it was released across Game Boy Advance, PlayStation 2, GameCube, Xbox and Microsoft Windows in November 2003.
 "The Sands of Time" is a reboot of the "Prince of Persia" series, created by Jordan Mechner.
 Mechner served as creative consultant, designer, and scenario writer for "The Sands of Time".
The Lost Vikings is a puzzle-platform video game developed by Silicon & Synapse (now Blizzard Entertainment) and published by Interplay.
 It was originally released for the Super NES in 1992, then subsequently released for the Amiga, Amiga CD32, MS-DOS, and Mega Drive/Genesis systems the next year; the Mega Drive/Genesis version contains five stages not present in any other version of the game.
 Blizzard re-released the game for the Game Boy Advance in 2003.
 In 2014, the game was added to Battle.net as a free download emulated through DOSBox.
