The Lobor concentration camp or Loborgrad camp (Croatian: "Koncentracioni logor Lobor" ) was a concentration camp established in Lobor, Independent State of Croatia (modern-day Croatia) in the deserted palace of Keglevich family.
 It was established on 9 August 1941, mostly for Serb and Jewish children and women.
 The camp was established and operated by Ustaše, with 16 of its guards being members of the local Volksdeutsche community.
 Its inmates were subjected to systematic torture, robbery and murder of "undisciplined" individuals.
 All younger female inmates of the Lobor camp were subjected to rapes.
 More than 2,000 people were inmates of this camp, at least 200 died in it.
 All survived children and women were transported to Auschwitz concentration camp in August 1942 where they all were killed.
Breslau-Dürrgoy concentration camp or KZ Dürrgoy was a short-lived Nazi German concentration camp set up in the southern part of Wrocław (German: "Breslau" ), then in Germany, before World War II on the grounds of the old fertilizer factory "Silesia".
 It was located in what, since 1945, has become known as the Tarnogaj neighbourhood of Wrocław (German: "Dürrgoy" ), at the Strehlener Chaussee or Strzeliński Street (today ul.
 Bardzka), opposite the cemetery of the Holy Ghost.
 The camp, intended for the opponents of Nazism, was established at a place of the former POW camp for French prisoners of World War I, converted and utilized by the fertilizer factory.
 The new camp was founded on the initiative of the commander of SA in Silesia, "SA-Obergruppenführer" Edmund Heines, on 12 March 1933, and liquidated on 10 August 1933 with all prisoners transported to a larger concentration camp at Osnabrück.
The Bardufoss concentration camp is located in Northern Norway in the municipality of Målselv.
 During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, the Nazi authorities established a "concentration camp in the town of Bardufoss," as an annex to the Grini concentration camp.
 It opened in March 1944 to alleviate overflowing in other camps, particularly Grini and the Falstad concentration camp.
 Situated in a cold climate, it was notorious for its hard work regime, sparse rations, and inadequate shelter.
 It is estimated that some 800 prisoners passed through the camp, and when liberated about 550 were incarcerated.
Herzogenbusch concentration camp (Dutch: "Kamp Vught" , ] , German: "Konzentrationslager Herzogenbusch" ] ) was a Nazi concentration camp located in Vught near the city of 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands.
 Herzogenbusch was, with Natzweiler-Struthof in occupied France, the only concentration camp run directly by the SS in western Europe outside of Germany.
 The camp was first used in 1943 and held 31,000 prisoners.
 749 prisoners died in the camp, and the others were transferred to other camps shortly before the camp was liberated by the Allied Forces in 1944.
 After the war the camp was used as a prison for Germans and Dutch collaborators.
 Today there is a visitors' center with exhibitions and a national monument remembering the camp and its victims.
 The camp is now a museum.
Erich Zoddel (August 9, 1913 – November 30, 1945) was a prisoner functionary at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.
 In 1941, Zoddel was sentenced to a year in prison for theft before being transferred to Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 1942.
 He worked as a forced laborer in the Heinkel factory in Oranienburg until October 1943.
 In November 1943, after a brief stay at Buchenwald concentration camp, he was taken to Mittelbau-Dora concentration camp.
 On 27 March 1944, Zoddel and 1,000 other prisoners from Mittelbau-Dora arrived at Bergen-Belsen.
 By January 1945, Zoddel had risen in the ranks to a camp division.
 Two days after the liberation of Bergen-Belsen by the British army on 15 April 1945, Zoddel killed a female detainee, a crime for which he was sentenced to death by a British military court in Celle on 31 August 1945.
 On 17 November 1945, Zoddel was sentenced to life imprisonment in a second trial for his actions at Bergen-Belsen.
 His execution was carried out later that month in Wolfenbüttel.
Ohrdruf concentration camp was a Nazi forced labor and concentration camp located near Ohrdruf, south of Gotha, in Thuringia, Germany.
 It was part of the Buchenwald concentration camp network and the first Nazi concentration camp liberated by U.S. troops.
Eintrachthütte concentration camp (in German: Arbeitslager Eintrachtshütte) was formerly a labour subcamp of the German concentration camp Auschwitz, opened in Zgoda district of Świętochłowice (Schwientochlowitz), Poland, in 1943, in operation until January 1945.
 The Eintrachthütte labour camp operated from 26 May 1943 to January 1945 as a subcamp of Auschwitz-Birkenau with commanders SS-Hauptscharführer Josef Remmele (from the creation to July 1944) and SS-Hauptscharführer Wilhelm Gehring (from 18 July 1944 to the end of camp operation on 23 January 1945).
 Both were brutal in relations to the prisoners, involved in tortures, and personally involved in executions carried out at the camp.
Dr. Johann Gruber (October 20, 1889 - April 7, 1944), also known as "Papa Gruber" and "The Saint of Gusen", was an Austrian Roman Catholic priest who was imprisoned in the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp from 1940 until his death in April 1944.
 In the concentration camp, Gruber helped many others survive by raising funds from outside the camp and bribing the SS men and kapos in order to organise the delivery of food to starving inmates.
Wilhelm Heckmann (born 26 June 1897 in Wellinghofen, Germany; died 10 March 1995 in Wuppertal, Germany) was a German concert and easy listening musician.
 From 1937 to 1945 he was imprisoned in the Nazi concentration camps in Dachau and Mauthausen.
 Heckmann founded the first prisoner band in Mauthausen, and was also instrumental in the founding of the large prisoner orchestra there.
The Esterwegen concentration camp near Esterwegen was an early Nazi concentration camp within a series of camps first established in the Emsland district of Germany.
 It was established in the summer of 1933 as a concentration camp for 2000 so-called political "Schutzhäftlinge" (protective custody prisoners) and was for a time the second largest concentration camp after Dachau.
 The camp was closed in summer of 1936.
 Until 1945 the camp was used as a prison camp.
 Political prisoners and so called "Nacht und Nebel"-prisoners were also held here.
 Then Esterwegen served as a British internment camp, as a prison, and, until 2000, as a depot for the German Army.
