The proposed Citizenship Reform Act of 2005 ( ) was a bill which, if enacted into law, would have amended the Immigration and Nationality Act to limit automatic citizenship at birth to apply only to a child born in the United States who: (1) was born in wedlock to parents either of whom was then a U.S. citizen or national or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence who maintained such residence; or (2) was born out of wedlock to a mother who was then a U.S. citizen or national or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence who maintained such residence.
"Love child" is a euphemism for a child born out of wedlock.
 See Legitimacy (family law).
Legitimacy, in traditional Western common law, is the status of a child born to parents who are legally married to each other, and of a child conceived before the parents obtain a legal divorce.
 Conversely, "illegitimacy " (or "bastardy") has been the status of a child born outside marriage.
Siku Njema is a popular Swahili novel written by the renowned Kenyan author, Ken Walibora.
 The novel was published in 1996 and saw Walibora become an instant household name in Swahili fiction.
 Written in the first person, the book deals with the life of a young man, Msanifu Kombo who is born in Tanga, Tanzania and who faces family hardships with his single mother, who is a talented singer of taarab.
 Being a child born out of wedlock does not make life easier for him as he is chided by his schoolmates in a culture that frowns upon illegitimate children.
Due to the immaturity of the human nervous system at the time of birth, children grow continually throughout their childhood years.
 Many factors contribute to the ability and the rate that children develop their motor skills.
 Uncontrollable factors include: genetic or inherited traits and children with learning disorders.
 A child born to short and overweight parents is much less likely to be an athlete than a child born to two athletically built parents.
 Controllable factors include: the environment/society and culture they are born to.
 A child born in the city is much less likely to have the same opportunities to explore, hike, or trek the outdoors than one born in the rural area.
 For a child to successfully develop motor skills, he or she must receive many opportunities to physically explore the surroundings.
Fraser v Children's Court, Pretoria North and Others is a 1997 judgment of the Constitutional Court of South Africa which held that, in certain circumstances, the consent of the father is required before a child born out of wedlock may be adopted.
 In a unanimous decision, the court held that the provisions of the Child Care Act, 1983, which required only the mother's consent, were unconstitutional, but suspended its order for two years so that Parliament could amend the law accordingly.
Nguyen v. INS, 533 U.S. 53 (2001) , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court upheld the validity of laws relating to U.S. citizenship at birth for children born outside the United States, out of wedlock, to an American parent.
 The Court declined to overturn a more restrictive citizenship requirement applying to a foreign-born child of an American father and a non-American mother who was not married to the father, as opposed to a child born to an American mother under similar circumstances.
Kiki Preston, née Alice Gwynne (1898 - December 23, 1946) was an American socialite, a member of the Happy Valley set, and the alleged mother of a child born out of wedlock with Prince George, Duke of Kent, fourth son of King George V.
 Known for her drug addiction, which earned her the soubriquet "the girl with the silver syringe", she was a fixture of the Paris and New York high social circles, and a relation to the powerful Vanderbilt and Whitney families.
 Her life was marred by several tragic losses and her own mental problems, which eventually led to her suicide at 48.
Stanley v. Illinois, 405 U.S. 645 (1972) , was a landmark United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that the fathers of children born out of wedlock had a fundamental right to their children.
 Until the ruling, when the mother of a child born out of wedlock was unable to care for the child, through death or other circumstances, the child was made a ward of the state and either placed in an orphanage or foster care or given up for adoption.
Miller v. Albright, 523 U.S. 420 (1998) , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court upheld the validity of laws relating to U.S. citizenship at birth for children born outside the United States, out of wedlock, to an American parent.
 The Court declined to overturn a more restrictive citizenship requirement applying to an illegitimate foreign-born child of an American father, as opposed to a child born to an American mother under similar circumstances.
