Tammy Kitzmiller, et al. v. Dover Area School District, et al. (400 F. Supp.
 2d 707, Docket No. 4cv2688) was the first direct challenge brought in the United States federal courts testing a public school district policy that required the teaching of intelligent design.
 In October 2004, the Dover Area School District of York County, Pennsylvania, changed its biology teaching curriculum to require that intelligent design be presented as an alternative to evolution theory, and that "Of Pandas and People", a textbook advocating intelligent design, was to be used as a reference book.
 The prominence of this textbook during the trial was such that the case is sometimes referred to as the Dover Panda Trial, a name which recalls the popular name of the Scopes Monkey Trial in Tennessee, 80 years earlier.
 The plaintiffs successfully argued that intelligent design is a form of creationism, and that the school board policy violated the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
 The judge's decision sparked considerable response from both supporters and critics.
The intelligent design movement is a neo-creationist religious campaign for broad social, academic and political change to promote and support the pseudoscientific idea of intelligent design (ID), which asserts that "certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection."
 Its chief activities are a campaign to promote public awareness of this concept, the lobbying of policymakers to include its teaching in high school science classes, and legal action, either to defend such teaching or to remove barriers otherwise preventing it.
 The movement arose out of the previous Christian fundamentalist and evangelistic creation science movement in the United States, and is driven by a small group of proponents.
 The overall goal of the intelligent design movement is to overthrow materialism and atheism.
 Its proponents believe that society has suffered "devastating" cultural consequences from adopting materialism and that science is the cause of the decay into materialism because it seeks only natural explanations, and is therefore atheistic.
 They believe that the scientific theory of evolution implies that humans have no spiritual nature, no moral purpose, and no intrinsic meaning.
 They seek to "reverse the stifling dominance of the materialist worldview" represented by the theory of evolution in favor of "a science consonant with Christian and theistic convictions."
Signature in the Cell: DNA and the Evidence for Intelligent Design is a 2009 book about intelligent design by philosopher and intelligent design advocate Stephen C. Meyer.
 The book was well received by some within the conservative, intelligent design and evangelical communities, but several other reviewers were critical and wrote that Meyer's claims are incorrect.
The Santorum Amendment was a failed proposed amendment to the 2001 education funding bill (which became known as the No Child Left Behind Act), proposed by Republican Rick Santorum (then a United States Senator for Pennsylvania), which promoted the teaching of intelligent design while questioning the academic standing of evolution in US public schools.
 In response, a coalition of 96 scientific and educational organizations wrote a letter to the conference committee, urging that the amendment be stricken from the final bill, arguing that evolution is, in the scientific fields, regarded as fact and that the amendment creates the misperception that evolution is not fully accepted in the scientific community, and thus weakens science curricula.
 The words of the amendment survive in modified form in the Bill's Conference Report and do not carry the weight of law.
 As one of the Discovery Institute intelligent design campaigns it became a cornerstone in the intelligent design movement's "Teach the Controversy" campaign.
Michael J. Behe ( ; born January 18, 1952) is an American biochemist, author, and intelligent design (ID) advocate.
 He serves as professor of biochemistry at Lehigh University in Pennsylvania and as a senior fellow of the Discovery Institute's Center for Science and Culture.
 Behe is best known for his argument for his stance on irreducible complexity (IC), which argues that some biochemical structures are too complex to be explained by known evolutionary mechanisms and are therefore probably the result of intelligent design.
 Behe has testified in several court cases related to intelligent design, including the court case "Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District" that resulted in a ruling that intelligent design was not science and was religious in nature.
Creationism's Trojan Horse: The Wedge of Intelligent Design is a 2004 book by Barbara Forrest and Paul R. Gross on the origins of intelligent design, specifically the Discovery Institute's Center for the Renewal of Science and Culture and its wedge strategy.
 The authors are highly critical of what they refer to as intelligent design creationism, and document the intelligent design movement's fundamentalist Christian origins and funding.
The Intelligent Design network, inc. (commonly IDnet or Intelligent Design Network) is a nonprofit organization formed in Kansas to promote the pseudoscientific principle of intelligent design.
 It is based in Shawnee Mission, Kansas.
 The Intelligent Design Network was founded by John Calvert, a corporate finance lawyer with a bachelor's degree in geology, and nutritionist William S. Harris.
 Its self-described mission is "to promote evidence-based science education with regard to the origin of the universe and of life and its diversity" and "to enhance public awareness of the evidence of intelligent design and living systems."
Specified complexity is a concept proposed by William Dembski and used by him and others to promote the pseudoscientific arguments of intelligent design.
 According to Dembski, the concept can formalize a property that singles out patterns that are both "specified" and "complex", in specific senses defined by Dembski.
 Dembski states that specified complexity is a reliable marker of design by an intelligent agent—a central tenet to intelligent design, which Dembski argues for in opposition to modern evolutionary theory.
 The concept of specified complexity is widely regarded as mathematically unsound and has not been the basis for further independent work in information theory, in the theory of complex systems, or in biology.
 Proponents of intelligent design use specified complexity as one of their two main arguments, alongside irreducible complexity.
Judgment Day: Intelligent Design on Trial is an award-winning NOVA documentary on the case of "Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District"—which concentrated on the question of whether or not intelligent design could be viewed as science and taught in school science class.
 It first aired on PBS stations nationwide, on November 13, 2007, with many reruns, and features interviews with the judge, witnesses, and lawyers as well as re-enacted scenes using the official transcript of the trial.
The relationship between intelligent design and science has been a contentious one.
 Intelligent design (ID) is presented by its proponents as science and claims to offer an alternative to evolution.
 The Discovery Institute, a politically conservative think tank and the leading proponents of intelligent design, launched a campaign entitled "Teach the Controversy" which claims that a controversy exists within the scientific community over evolution.
 The scientific community, however, states that there is no controversy and rejects intelligent design as creationism due to ID proponents' lack of peer-reviewed research and the scientifically undefined quality of observable intelligence.
