Adnan Sami Khan is an Indian singer, musician, music composer, pianist and actor.
 He performs Indian and western music, specially for Hindi movies.
 His most notable instrument is the piano.
 He is noted for playing Indian classical music on the piano created through the Santoor.
 A review in US-based "Keyboard" magazine described him as the fastest keyboard player in the world and called him the keyboard discovery of the nineties.
 He can play over 35 musical instruments.
Jim Couza was an American hammered dulcimer player born in New Bedford, Massachusetts, April 27, 1945 and resident in England since 1982; he died in 2009.
 In addition to the hammered dulcimer, Couza also played Appalachian dulcimer and guitar.
 He made several recordings, both solo and with the D'Uberville Ramblers.
 He also worked with Björk on the album Post, and with Peter Gabriel on OVO (Couza is featured on a track called "The Time Of The Turning (reprise) / Weavers Reel").
 He also worked with Celtic singer songwriter Jim Fox, performing at many venues and festivals around the UK.
 Couza suffered a number of health problems in recent years resulting in amputation of both his legs.
 He died on 2 August 2009.
Evan Carawan is an American hammered dulcimer player from Knoxville, Tennessee.
 He is the son of folk musicians Candie and Guy Carawan.
 Evan Carawan learned to play hammered dulcimer from his father, who was a pioneer in reviving American interest in the instrument.
 Carawan typically plays in old-time music, Irish, and new-age styles.
Joemy Wilson is a hammered dulcimer player from New Haven, Connecticut.
 Her first instruments were the piano and violin.
 She also took voice lessons in high school.
 She started playing Appalachian dulcimer while attending Barnard College, and started playing hammered dulcimer in 1979.
The Khim (Khmer: ឃឹម "Khum";Thai: ขิม, ];) is a stringed musical instrument that is from Persia, called Hammered Dulcimer or Cimbalon.
 This Khim was introduced to Cambodia, Laos and Thailand from China, where a similar (though, since the late 20th century, usually larger) instrument is called "yangqin".
 This instrument is also known as Santur in India.
 It is played with two flexible bamboo sticks with soft leather at the tips to produce a soft tone.
 This instrument can be played by either sitting down on the floor with the khim on the floor, or by sitting on a chair or standing while the Khim is on a stand.
 The khim produces a bright and expressive sound when played.
 It is made of wood, with brass strings that are laid across the instrument.
 The Australian-born musician and vocal artist Lisa Gerrard specialises in the use of a khim hammered dulcimer, featuring its music on several albums and performing with the instrument live on tour.
Brenda J. Hunter is an American musician and composer best known as a hammered dulcimer player.
 She also plays Irish fiddle, Celtic harp, and classical piano, with the latter influence evident in her particular style on the dulcimer and harp.
 She won the National Championship in 1995 at the Walnut Valley Festival in Winfield, Kansas, receiving as her prize a Masterworks hammered dulcimer built by Russell Cook.
 She has also played a Rick Thum instrument, and currently uses a Nick Blanton Compact model on stage.
 She performs and teaches nationally on hammered dulcimer, also performs on solo Celtic harp, plays fiddle and hammered dulcimer with Celtic trio Banshee in the Kitchen, and was previously with Celtic duo Briar Rose.
Beth Quist, a multi-instrumentalist, vocalist, and composer, began playing piano at age 2.
 She has a 4-octave soprano voice, and plays piano, keyboards, santour (hammered dulcimer), dumbek, guitar, flute, and various other instruments.
The hammered dulcimer is a percussion instrument and stringed instrument with the strings typically stretched over a trapezoidal sounding board.
 The hammered dulcimer is set before the musician, who may sit cross legged on the floor or on a stool at a wooden stand on legs.
 The player holds a small spoon shaped mallet hammer in each hand to strike the strings ("cf." Appalachian dulcimer).
 The Graeco-Roman "dulcimer" (sweet song) derives from the Latin "dulcis" (sweet) and the Greek "melos" (song).
 The dulcimer, in which the strings are beaten with small hammers, originated from the psaltery, in which the strings are plucked.
Erwilian is an award-winning American musical group featuring acoustic instrumentation, led by soprano recorder, violin, and hammered dulcimer.
 The group blends elements from celtic, world, and folk music into an original cross-genre style classified as New Age.
 Since its formation in 2000, the group has featured various multi-instrumentalists in its lineup.
 Current members and primary instruments include founders Scott Melton (guitar) and Jordan Buetow (recorders), Bethel Melton (hammered dulcimer), Malcolm Lee (bass), Matt Garcia (harp), John Hintze (percussion), and Keely Rendle (violin).
Robin Petrie is an American santour and hammered dulcimer player.
 Petrie has been performing popular and seldom-heard hammered dulcimer music since 1980.
 She is heard regularly on National Public Radio.
 Though focusing initially on British Isles and French music, her current work includes music from many cultures around the globe.
