University of the Littoral Opal Coast ("Université du Littoral Côte d'Opale"), also known as ULCO, is a French university, based in Boulogne, Calais, Dunkirk (Dunkerque) and Saint Omer.
 The head office is in Dunkirk (Dunkerque in French).
 It reports to the Academy of Lille and is a member of the European Doctoral College Lille-Nord-Pas de Calais.
The Battle of Boulogne was the defence of the port of Boulogne-sur-Mer by French, British and Belgian troops, during the Battle of France in 1940.
 The battle was fought at the same time as the Siege of Calais, just before Operation Dynamo, the evacuation of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) through Dunkirk.
 After the Franco-British counter-attack at the Battle of Arras (21 May) German units were held ready to resist a resumption of the attack on 22 May, despite the protests of General Heinz Guderian, the commander of XIX Corps, who wanted to rush north up the Channel coast to capture Boulogne, Calais and Dunkirk.
 An attack by part of the XIX Corps was not authorised until 12:40 p.m. on 22 May, by when the Allied troops at Boulogne had been reinforced from England by most of the 20th Guards Brigade.
The Siege of Calais (1940) was a battle for the port and town of Calais during the Battle of France in 1940.
 The siege was fought at the same time as the Battle of Boulogne, just before Operation Dynamo, the evacuation of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) through Dunkirk.
 After the Franco-British counter-attack at the Battle of Arras (21 May) German units were held ready to resist a resumption of the attack on 22 May, despite the protests of General Heinz Guderian, the commander of the XIX "Armee Korps", who wanted to rush north up the Channel coast to capture Boulogne, Calais and Dunkirk.
 An attack by part of the XIX "Armee Korps" was not authorised until 12:40 p.m. on the night of 21/22 May.
The Boulogne–Calais railway is an electrified double track railway running between the ports of Boulogne-sur-Mer and Calais in France.
 An extension of the Longueau–Boulogne railway it meets the Lille–Fontinettes railway and Coudekerque-Branche–Fontinettes railway to Dunkirk at Gare des Fontinettes in Calais.
The Pale of Calais (French: "le Calaisis" ) was a historical region in modern-day France that was controlled by the monarchs of England following the Battle of Crécy in 1346 and the subsequent siege.
 "Pale" is an archaic English term for "area, jurisdiction".
 The capture by the English is the subject of Auguste Rodin's 1889 sculpture "The Burghers of Calais".
 In 1558, the expanding Kingdom of France took the Pale of Calais in the aftermath of the Siege of Calais.
The Coudekerque-Branche–Fontinettes railway runs along the English Channel and North Sea coast of France from a junction near Gare de Coudekerque-Branche in Dunkirk to a junction near Gare des Fontinettes in Calais.
 It is 41.159 km long and unelectrified single track for much of its length, except for the first 10 km from Dunkirk which is double track electrified with 25kV 50 Hz.
 Line speeds are from 80 km/h to 120 km/h .
Boulogne-sur-Mer (] , Latin: "Gesoriacum" or "Bononia", Dutch: "Bonen" ), often called Boulogne ( ), is a city in Northern France.
 It is a sub-prefecture of the department of Pas-de-Calais.
 Boulogne lies on the Côte d'Opale, a tourist coast on the English Channel, and is the most-visited location in its region after the Lille conurbation.
 Boulogne is its department's second-largest city after Calais, and the 60th largest in France.
 It is also the country's largest fishing port, specialising in herring.
Poissonnière is a station on Line 7 of the Paris Métro.
 The station was opened on 5 November 1910.
 It is near the junction between the streets of Rue La Fayette and the Rue du Faubourg Poissonnière, after which it is named and along which fishmongers (French: "poissonnières") brought fish from Boulogne and other harbours on the Channel coast to the market at Les Halles in chasse-marées.
 The route from the coast generally followed that of a Roman Road and entered nineteenth century Paris at the Porte des Poissonniers.
Rush Medical College is the medical school of Rush University, located in the Illinois Medical District, just 2 miles west of the Loop in Chicago.
 Offering a full-time Doctor of Medicine program, the school was chartered in 1837, and today is affiliated primarily with Rush University Medical Center, nearby John H. Stroger, Jr.
 Hospital of Cook County, and NorthShore University HealthSystem – Skokie Hospital (formerly known as Rush North Shore Medical Center).
 In 2017, Rush Medical College was ranked 59th among research institutions in the U.S. by "U.S. News & World Report" .
Operation Undergo was the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division's operation to take the fortified French port of Calais in September 1944.
 A subsidiary operation was executed to silence and capture the heavy batteries at Cap Gris Nez, which threatened the sea approaches to Boulogne.
 The operation was part of the Allied effort to capture the Channel ports, following the breakout from Normandy.
