The episodes for the anime series "GetBackers" were produced by Studio Deen and based on the manga series of the same name written by Yuya Aoki and illustrated by Rando Ayamine.
 The series premiered on Tokyo Broadcasting System in Japan on October 5, 2002 and ran for forty-nine episodes until September 20, 2003 under direction of Kazuhiro Furuhashi and Keitaro Motonaga.
 The plot follows the "GetBackers", a group that retrieves anything that was lost.
 The team is primary composed by Ban Mido, a man born with the illusionary technique "Evil Eye", and Ginji Amano the former leader of a gang called "The VOLTS", a powerful group in the dangerous territory called the Limitless Fortress in Shinjuku.
Keitarō Urashima (浦島 景太郎 , Urashima Keitarō ) is a fictional character and the protagonist from Ken Akamatsu's manga and anime "Love Hina".
 He is voiced by Yūji Ueda (Japanese) and Derek Stephen Prince (English).
 His name is inspired by Keitarō Arima as well as the mythological character Urashima Tarō
The Dream of Gerontius, Op. 38, is a work for voices and orchestra in two parts composed by Sir Edward Elgar in 1900, to text from the poem by John Henry Newman.
 It relates the journey of a pious man's soul from his deathbed to his judgment before God and settling into Purgatory.
 Elgar disapproved of the use of the term "oratorio" for the work, though his wishes are not always followed.
 The piece is widely regarded as Elgar's finest choral work, and some consider it his masterpiece.
Arima Haruzumi (有馬 晴純, 1483 – March 19, 1566) was a Japanese feudal lord in the Sengoku era.
 Initially known as Arima Sadazumi, he held the title of "Shuri-dayu" and a position in the "shobanshu", the private guard of the Shogun.
 His tenure as lord had the Arima at the height of their power, controlling trade in the strategically important Shimabara Peninsula, near modern-day Nagasaki.
 Ashikaga Yoshiharu, the 12th Ashikaga shogun, recognizing his strategic importance and strength, allowed him to take a character from his name and call himself "Haruzumi."
Naru Narusegawa (成瀬川 なる , Narusegawa Naru ) is a fictional character in the "Love Hina" series by Ken Akamatsu and one of the central characters in the franchise.
 Known for her fiery temper and tendency to use physical violence to punish central character Keitaro Urashima, she is the first female introduced in the series who is trying to pass the University of Tokyo entrance exams.
 Her studies along with her developing relationship with Keitaro is one of the focal points in the series.
 Her Japanese voice actress is Yui Horie and her English voice actor is Dorothy Elias-Fahn.
Prefectural Earth Defense Force (県立地球防衛軍 , Kenritsu Chikyū Bōei Gun ) is a manga series by Kōichirō Yasunaga which ran in Shōnen Sunday Super beginning in 1983.
 The manga was written as a parody gag manga inspired by the tokusatsu series "Ultra Seven".
 An anime OVA based on the manga was released in 1986.
 The anime was released on DVD in North America by ADV Films on April 18, 2006.
William Henry "Billy" Reed (29 July 18752 July 1942) was an English violinist, teacher, minor composer, conductor and biographer of Sir Edward Elgar.
 He was leader of the London Symphony Orchestra for 23 years (1912–1935), but is best known for his long personal friendship with Elgar (1910–1934) and his book "Elgar As I Knew Him" (1936), in which he goes into great detail about the genesis of the Violin Concerto in B minor.
 The book also provides a large number of Elgar's sketches for his unfinished Third Symphony, which proved invaluable sixty years later when Anthony Payne elaborated and essentially completed the work, although Reed wrote that in his view the symphony could not be completed.
Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka (あかね色に染まる坂 , lit.
 "The Hill Dyed Rose Madder") , also known in short as "Akasaka", is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Feng and first released for the PC as a DVD on July 27, 2007.
 A version without adult content was released under the title "Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka: Parallel" on July 31, 2008 by GN Software for the PlayStation 2.
 A port of this version of the game was released for the PlayStation Portable on December 17, 2009 under the title "Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka: Portable".
 The gameplay in "Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka" follows a plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the six female main characters.
 Two light novels were produced in December 2007 and February 2008 written by different authors, and an Internet radio show began in April 2008.
 A manga adaptation began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's seinen magazine "Comp Ace" on June 26, 2008 illustrated by Homare Sakazuki.
 An anime adaptation produced by TNK and directed by Keitaro Motonaga aired in Japan between October and December 2008.
Shamo (軍鶏 ) is a Japanese action manga series written by Izo Hashimoto and illustrated by Akio Tanaka.
 It was started to be serialized in "Weekly Manga Action" in 1998 and moved to "Evening" in 2004.
 It was discontinued in 2007 due to creative differences but returned in 2011 and ended in 2015.
 It tells a story of a boy who killed his parents and turned himself into a cold-blooded martial artist.
 The manga inspired a Hong Kong film adaptation that was released in 2007.
Love Hina (ラブ ひな , Rabu Hina ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ken Akamatsu.
 It was adapted into a 24 episode anime series by Xebec, which aired in Japan on TV Tokyo from April 19, 2000 to September 27, 2000.
 The opening theme was "Sakura Saku" (サクラサク ) and the closing theme was "Kimi Sae Ireba" (君さえいれば ) .
 Both songs were written by Ritsuko Okazaki and performed by Megumi Hayashibara.
 The two themes were released as a CD single, which debuted on the Oricon charts at Number 7.
 A 25th episode was later created and released as a DVD bonus.
 The series and bonus episode were directed by Yoshiaki Iwasaki, written by Shō Aikawa and featured character designs by Makoto Uno.
 After the series finished, Christmas and Spring specials followed, and finally a 3 part original video animation (OVA) series called "Love Hina Again".
 The series follows the daily life of Keitaro Urashima, the manager of an all-girls dorm, as he attempts to pass the Tokyo University entrance exams and to find the girl he promised to enter Tokyo U with when he was a child.
