The 90th Spengler Cup was an ice hockey competition being held in Davos, Switzerland between 26 and 31 December 2016.
 All matches were played at HC Davos's home known as Vaillant Arena.
 Six competing teams were split into two groups of three (in the round-robin series).
 The two groups, named Torriani and Cattini, are named after legendary Swiss hockey players Richard 'Bibi' Torriani and the Cattini brothers, Hans and Ferdinand.
The 89th Spengler Cup was an ice hockey competition held in Davos, Switzerland between 26 and 31 December 2015.
 All matches were played at HC Davos's home known as Vaillant Arena.
 Six competing teams were split into two groups of three (in the round-robin series).
 The two groups, named Torriani and Cattini, are named after legendary Swiss hockey players Richard 'Bibi' Torriani and the Cattini brothers, Hans and Ferdinand.
Vaillant Arena (Eisstadion Davos) is an arena in Davos, Switzerland.
 It is primarily used for ice hockey and is the home arena of HC Davos.
 It holds 7,080 people, of which 3,280 are seated.
 Every year the Spengler Cup is played in this arena.
The Storhamar Dragons are a Norwegian ice hockey club based in Hamar.
 They are members of the highest Norwegian ice hockey league, Eliteserien (known as GET-ligaen for sponsorship reasons).
 Their home arena has been Hamar OL-Amfi since 1992.
 Ice hockey in Hamar was first played in 1955 by boys who had been inspired by the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo.
 This became the basis of Storhamar Ishockey, which was founded in 1957 as a department of the sports club Storhamar IL.
 Since 1998, they have been marketing themselves as the Storhamar Dragons.
 As of 2010, they have completed thirty seasons in the Eliteserien, winning 670 regular season games and seven league titles.
Hockey Club Davos is a professional Swiss ice hockey club based in Davos, Switzerland.
 Davos plays in the National League (NL).
 The team is usually a strong force in the league and often bolster their roster with Swiss national team players and players who once played for National Hockey League teams.
 HC Davos also has hosted the annual Spengler Cup tournament, an invitational competition, since 1923.
Stadio del Ghiaccio Gianmario Scola is an indoor sporting arena in Canazei, Italy.
 The capacity of the arena is 3,500 spectators.
 It is the home arena of the Sportiva Hockey Club Fassa ice hockey team of the Serie A ice hockey league.
 The arena also hosted games during the 1994 World Ice Hockey Championships along with the Forum di Assago in Milan and the PalaOnda in Bolzano.
The Victoria Hockey Club of Montreal, Quebec, Canada was an early men's amateur ice hockey club.
 Its date of origin is ascribed to either 1874, 1877 or 1881, making it either the first or second organized ice hockey club after McGill University.
 The club played at its own rink, the Victoria Skating Rink in Montreal.
 The club was winners of the Stanley Cup in 1895 and held it except for a period in 1896 until 1899.
 The club remained amateur, splitting from the ranks of teams turned professional in 1908.
 The amateur hockey club was the first winner of the Allan Cup and continued in play until 1939 after its 65th season.
 The club often also fielded junior and intermediate teams.
Fife Flyers Ice Hockey Club is the oldest professional ice hockey club in the UK, established in 1938.
 The Flyers play their home games at Fife Ice Arena in Kirkcaldy which has a capacity of just Over 3000 (seated and standing).
 The arena is home to not only Fife Flyers, who play in the Elite Ice Hockey League but also to Kirkcaldy Junior Ice Hockey Club.
 Traditionally many of the Flyers' players have come up through the junior ranks to play at a professional level.
The Spengler Cup is an annual invitational ice hockey tournament held in Davos, Switzerland.
 First held in 1923, the Spengler Cup is often cited as the oldest invitational ice hockey tournament in the world.
 The event is hosted by the Swiss team HC Davos and played each year in Davos, Switzerland, between Christmas (December 25) and New Year's Day.
 Currently, all games are held at Vaillant Arena.
The 1992 Spengler Cup was held in Davos, Switzerland, between December 26, 1992, and December 31, 1992.
 All matches were played at HC Davos's home arena, Eisstadion Davos.
 The final was won 6-5 by Team Canada over Färjestad BK.
