RBD: La Familia (English: "RBD: The Family") is the first soundtrack album by Mexican pop band RBD.
 The soundtrack was made to promote the group's 2007 sitcom "".
 It was released exclusively by the Mexican television network SKY on March 14, 2007.
 The compilation included the newly recorded track "Quiero Poder," which was co-written by RBD band member Dulce María, two acoustic songs, one live track and 6 songs from the group's previous albums.
 The DVD-side of the soundtrack also included a behind-the-scenes documentary of the recording of "Quiero Poder."
Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds: Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to Quentin Tarantino's motion picture "Inglourious Basterds".
 It was originally released on August 18, 2009.
 The soundtrack uses a variety of music genres, including spaghetti western soundtrack excerpts, R&B and a David Bowie song from the 1982 remake of "Cat People."
 "The Man with the Big Sombrero", a song from the 1943 screwball comedy "Hi Diddle Diddle", was rerecorded in French for the movie.
 This is the first soundtrack for a Quentin Tarantino film not to feature dialogue excerpts.
 The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, but lost to the "Slumdog Millionaire" soundtrack.
A soundtrack album is any album that incorporates music directly recorded from the soundtrack of a particular feature film or television show.
 The first such album to be commercially released was Walt Disney's "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", the soundtrack to the film of the same name, in 1938.
 The first soundtrack album of a film's orchestral score was that for Alexander Korda's 1942 film "Jungle Book", composed by Miklós Rózsa.
 However, this album added the voice of Sabu, the film's star, narrating the story in character as Mowgli.
The discography of Adam Hicks, an American singer-songwriter, consists of one upcoming studio album, one soundtrack album, one singles, three promotional singles, five featured singles, six music videos and two album appearances.
 His first appearance was as a featured artist with Daniel Curtis Lee in two songs for the soundtrack of "Zeke & Luther".
 His first soundtrack, "Lemonade Mouth", peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" 200.
Who's That Girl: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the first soundtrack album by American singer and songwriter Madonna.
 It was released on July 21, 1987 by Sire Records to promote the film of the same name.
 It also contains songs by her label mates Scritti Politti, Duncan Faure, Club Nouveau, Coati Mundi and Michael Davidson.
 The soundtrack is credited as a Madonna album, despite her only performing four of the nine tracks on the album.
 After the commercial success of her film "Desperately Seeking Susan" (1985), Madonna wanted to act in another comedy film titled "Slammer", about a woman named Nikki Finn who was falsely accused of homicide.
 However, due to the critical and commercial failure of her adventure film "Shanghai Surprise" (1986), Warner Bros. were initially reluctant to green light the project, but later agreed, after Madonna convinced them and also because they wanted to cash in on Madonna's success with soundtracks.
The Final Comedown is a soundtrack album for the film "The Final Comedown" (1972) by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label.
 It was the first soundtrack album released on Blue Note.
Flash Gordon is the ninth studio album and the first soundtrack album by the British rock band Queen, released on 8 December 1980 by EMI Records in the UK and in February 1981 by Elektra Records in the US.
 It was one of two film soundtracks that they produced along with "Highlander".
 It is the soundtrack to the science fiction film "Flash Gordon", and features lyrics on only two tracks.
 "Flash's Theme" was the only single to be released from the album under the title "Flash".
 The album reached #10 on the UK charts and #23 in the US.
 The album was reissued worldwide on 27 June 2011 (excluding the US and Canada, where it was released on 27 September 2011) as part of the band's 40th anniversary.
 The reissue adds an EP of related tracks.
Guardians of the Galaxy: Awesome Mix Vol.
 1 (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the soundtrack album for the Marvel Studios film of the same name.
 Featuring the songs present on Peter Quill's mixtape in the film, the album was released by Hollywood Records on July 29, 2014.
 A separate film score album, Guardians of the Galaxy (Original Score), composed by Tyler Bates, was also released by Hollywood Records on the same date, along with a deluxe version featuring both albums.
 The soundtrack album reached number one on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, becoming the first soundtrack album in history consisting entirely of previously released songs to top the chart.
American entertainer Cher has released 25 studio albums, nine compilation albums, three soundtrack albums, and one live album.
 In 1964 Cher signed a recording contract with Imperial Records, a label owned by Liberty Records.
 After the success of her first major single, Bob Dylan's "All I Really Want to Do" she and her then-husband Sonny Bono worked on her first album "All I Really Want to Do" released in 1965.
 The album peaked at number sixteen on the "Billboard" 200 and at number seven on the UK Albums Chart.
 After the massive success of "I Got You Babe" the record label encouraged her to record the second album, "The Sonny Side of Chér" (1966).
 The record peaked within the top 30 in several countries. "
Chér" (1966) and "With Love, Chér" (1967) were less successful on the music charts. "
Backstage" and her first official compilation album "Cher's Golden Greats" (1968) her last efforts with Imperial were critically and commercially unsuccessful.
 In 1969 Cher signed with Atco Records and released two albums: the critical acclaimed "3614 Jackson Highway" and her first soundtrack album "Chastity" for the film of the same name; both of them were a commercial failure.
Revolution Summer is a soundtrack album by Jonathan Richman, released by the Vapor Records label in 2007.
 The music was composed for the film "Revolution Summer", directed by Miles Matthew Montalbano.
 The album is Richman's first soundtrack album, although he did contribute three songs to "There's Something About Mary" as well as appearing in the film, along with drummer Tommy Larkins, who also plays on this release.
 It is entirely instrumental, another first for Richman.
