Florida City is a city in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States and is the southernmost municipality in the South Florida metropolitan area.
 Florida City is primarily a Miami suburb and a major agricultural area.
Florida's Turnpike, designated as State Road 91 (SR 91) and the Ronald Reagan Turnpike, is a toll road in Florida, maintained by Florida's Turnpike Enterprise (FTE).
 Spanning approximately 309 mi along a north–south axis, the turnpike is in two sections.
 The SR 91 mainline runs roughly 265 mi , from its southern terminus at an interchange with Interstate 95 (I-95) in Miami Gardens to an interchange with I-75 in Wildwood at its northern terminus.
 The Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike (abbreviated HEFT and designated as SR 821) continues from the southern end of the mainline for another 48 mi to US Highway 1 (US 1) in Florida City.
John Constantine Williams, Sr. (died 1892) was the cofounder of St. Petersburg, Florida.
 Williams Park is named for him.
Williams Park is a park located in St. Petersburg, Florida.
 It is the city's first park and encompasses an entire city block between 4th and 3rd Streets North and between 2nd and 1st Avenues North.
 Founded in 1888 and originally named "City Park," it was changed to Williams Park in honor of the founder of St. Petersburg, John Constantine Williams Sr..
State Road 366 (SR 366) is a short east–west route in Tallahassee between US 27 and SR 20.
 It is primarily known as Pensacola Street throughout its path, due to its generally westward course toward the Florida city of Pensacola, although an eastbound section is known as St. Augustine Road, heading toward St. Augustine.
State Road 9336 (SR 9336), also known in parts as the Ingraham Highway, Tower Road and West Palm Drive, is an 8.75 mi two- to four-lane road in Miami-Dade County, in the U.S. state of Florida.
 The route is the only signed four-digit state road in Florida.
 The route connects US 1, and the Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike by proxy, in Florida City with the Everglades National Park, acting as the park's primary mode of entry.
 The road continues on from its western terminus at the national park's entrance as Main Park Road for another 39.3 mi , providing access to many of the park's facilities and the ghost town of Flamingo, in Monroe County, at its western end.
Flamingo is the southernmost headquarters of Everglades National Park, in Monroe County, Florida, United States, located at the end of the 99-mile (159-km) Wilderness Waterway known as the Ten Thousand Islands, and the southern end of the only road (running 39.3 mi ) through the park from Florida City.
 It began as a small coastal settlement on the eastern end of Cape Sable on the southern tip of the Florida peninsula, facing Florida Bay.
 The actual town of Flamingo was located approximately 4 1/2 miles west of the current Flamingo campground area.
 All that remains of the former town are a few remnants of building foundations, but it is considered a ghost town.
State Road 997 (SR 997), also known as Krome Avenue and West 177th Avenue is a 36.7 mi north–south state highway in western Miami-Dade County, Florida.
 It runs from U.S. Route 1 just south of Florida City north across U.S. Route 41 to U.S. Route 27 near Countyline Dragway (formerly Opa-locka West Airport), just south of the Broward County line.
 Its main use is as a bypass around the western side of Miami, linking the routes that run southwest, west and northwest from that city.
 The road passes through newer suburbs in the southern third of its length, while the northern two thirds of the highway traverse the eastern edge of the Everglades.
The Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike (HEFT), designated as State Road 821 (SR 821) and the Ronald Reagan Turnpike, is the southern extension of Florida's Turnpike, a toll road in Florida operated by Florida's Turnpike Enterprise (FTE).
 Spanning approximately 48 mi along a north-south axis, it supplements the 265 mi "mainline" (designated as SR 91) to form the complete 309 mi turnpike.
 The extension begins at its southern terminus at US Highway 1 (US 1) in Florida City, and transitions into the SR 91 mainline in Miramar at its northern end.
 Despite their designations as different state roads, the mainline and the extension are continuous in their exit numbering.
The Conch Republic is a micronation declared as a tongue-in-cheek secession of the city of Key West, Florida, from the United States on April 23, 1982.
 It has been maintained as a tourism booster for the city since.
 Since then, the term "Conch Republic" has been expanded to refer to "all of the Florida Keys, or, that geographic apportionment of land that falls within the legally defined boundaries of Monroe County, Florida, northward to 'Skeeter's Last Chance Saloon' in Florida City, Dade County, Florida, with Key West as the nation's capital and all territories north of Key West being referred to as 'The Northern Territories'.
