Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on clay or dirt surfaced oval tracks in Australia.
 The seasons tend to be from September to April.
 There are a large number of tracks available Australia wide, with some of the most popular ones being Perth Motorplex, Bunbury Speedway, Speedway City, Premier Speedway Warrnambool (Sungold Stadium) and Sydney Speedway (trading as Valvoline Raceway).
 The richest and best known Speedway series in Australia is the World Series Sprintcars.
 The series was conceived by Adelaide based sedan driver and promoter John Hughes in 1986 as an Australian version of the famous World of Outlaws (WoO) series run in the United States since 1978.
 The most recent season was the 2014–15 World Series Sprintcars season.
Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on clay or dirt surfaced oval tracks.
 It began in the United States before World War I and became widespread during the 1920s and 1930s.
 Two different types of race cars dominated—open wheel racers in the Northeast and West and stock cars in the South.
 While open wheel race cars are purpose-built racing vehicles, stock cars (also known as fendered cars) can be either purpose-built race cars or street vehicles that have been modified to varying degrees.
Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack is a one mile long clay oval motor racetrack on the Illinois State Fairgrounds in Springfield, the state capital.
 Constructed in the late 19th century and reconstructed in 1927, the "Springfield Mile" as it is known has hosted competitive auto racing since 1910, making it one of the oldest speedways in the United States.
 It is the oldest track to continually host national championship dirt track racing, holding its first national championship race in 1934 under the American Automobile Association banner.
 The Illinois State Fair mile currently hosts the Allen Crowe Memorial 100 ARCA stock car race, USAC Silver Crown championship dirt cars, UMP Late Models and Modifieds and the A.M.A. Grand National Championship.
 It is the home of five world records for automobile racing making it one of the fastest dirt tracks in the world.
Kings Park Speedway is an auto racing facility located north-east of Regina and north-west of Pilot Butte, Saskatchewan, Canada, operated by the Regina Auto Racing Club.
 The facility features a 1/3 mile high-banked paved oval with longer straights and tight turns, paper clip style track.
 It is primarily used for stock car racing.
 Originally a dirt oval, it was paved in 1970 and re-paved in 2007.
 In 2010 it hosted 40th Anniversary events of Kickin Asphalt such has Pro Trucks, Baby Grand racing series, Legends of Alberta, Western Canada Super Late Model Racing Series & Evolution Mini Cup Car series, and numerous provincial racing divisions.
 In 2016 it held regular races in the Street Stock, Bomber and Mini stock classes.
 2015 special events included Drifting, trailer racing, and wheelies.
The Australian Street Stock Championship is a Dirt track racing championship held each year to determine the Australian national champion.
 The championship is held over a single meeting (usually on consecutive nights) and has run annually since the 1989/90 season and is awarded to a different state of Australia each year by the national controlling body, the Australian Saloon Car Federation (ASCF).
Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on oval tracks throughout the United Kingdom.
 Dirt ovals outnumber all other types of tracks combined.
 Tracks are also used for the motorcycle sport Speedway and other Track racing events.
Tralee Speedway was a Dirt track racing venue located in Jerrabomberra on the New South Wales side of the ACT/NSW border near Canberra, the capital city of Australia.
 The speedway was home to several drivers who went on to become Australian national and state champions.
 Tralee (for a time also known as Fraser Park Raceway and later the Pepsi Power Dome) was a 410 m dirt surfaced oval raceway.
Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on oval tracks throughout the United Kingdom.
 If the number of tracks is any indication of popularity, dirt track racing is the most popular auto racing sport in Britain, as dirt ovals outnumber all other types of tracks combined.
 Tracks are also used for the motorcycle sport of Speedway and other motorcycle track racing events.
Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on oval tracks in South Africa.
 Dirt track racing classes are, as elsewhere, similar to those raced at the tar (asphalt) oval track racing venues.
 The dirt track classes include Hot Rods, 1600 Modified Saloons, Modified Non-contact Saloons, V8 American Saloons, and Midgets.
Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on oval tracks in South Africa.
 Dirt track racing classes are, as elsewhere, similar to those raced at the tar (asphalt) oval track racing venues.
 The dirt track classes include Hot Rods, 1600 Modified Saloons, Modified Non-contact Saloons, V8 American Saloons, and Midgets.
