Charles Everett Lively (1887–1962) was a private detective affiliated with the Baldwin-Felts Detective Agency.
 He played an active role in the Coal Wars in Appalachia, and is chiefly remembered as one of the assassins of Police Chief Sid Hatfield.
William Sidney "Sid" Hatfield (May 15, 1891 or 1893 – August 1, 1921), was Police Chief of Matewan, West Virginia during the Battle of Matewan, a shootout that followed a series of evictions carried out by detectives from the Baldwin-Felts Detective Agency.
Harold W. Houston (10 March 1872 - 17 January 1947) was a labor lawyer who represented union miners during the Paint Creek–Cabin Creek strike of 1912, and defended the UMWA leaders accused of treason in the aftermath of the Battle of Blair Mountain.
 He also led the legal defense of Sid Hatfield and other defendants who participated in the 1920 Matewan Massacre against members of the Baldwin-Felts Detective Agency.
The Battle of Matewan (also known as the Matewan Massacre) was a shootout in the town of Matewan in Mingo County and the Pocahontas Coalfield mining district, in southern West Virginia.
 It occurred on May 19, 1920 between local coal miners and the Baldwin–Felts Detective Agency.
The Battle of Blair Mountain was the largest labor uprising in United States history and one of the largest, best-organized, and most well-armed uprisings since the American Civil War.
 For five days in late August and early September 1921, in Logan County, West Virginia, some 10,000 armed coal miners confronted 3,000 lawmen and strikebreakers, called the Logan Defenders, who were backed by coal mine operators during an attempt by the miners to unionize the southwestern West Virginia coalfields.
 The battle ended after approximately one million rounds were fired, and the United States Army intervened by presidential order.
Matewan Historic District, located in Matewan, West Virginia, was the scene of the Battle of Matewan on May 19, 1920, during a coal miners' strike.
 It led to the Battle of Blair Mountain, the largest insurrection ever associated with the labor movement in the United States.
Terror of the Tug is a play written by Jean Battlo and based on events in the life of Police Chief Sid Hatfield just after the Matewan Massacre, a notable event in the history of West Virginia and its Pocahontas Coalfield, and the history of mining labor relations in the United States.
The Benwood Mine Disaster was a coal mine explosion that occurred on Monday, April 28, 1924, at the Benwood Mine of the former Wheeling Steel Corporation steel mill located in the city of Benwood in Marshall County, West Virginia.
 The explosion claimed the lives of 119 coal miners.
 There were no survivors.
 It is the third worst coal mining disaster in the state of West Virginia after the Monongah Mine disaster of December 6, 1907 that claimed the lives of 361 miners and the Eccles Mine Disaster of April 28, 1914 that claimed the lives of 183 miners.
The United Mine Workers of America (UMW or UMWA) is a North American labor union best known for representing coal miners.
 Today, the Union also represents health care workers, truck drivers, manufacturing workers and public employees in the United States and Canada.
 Although its main focus has always been on workers and their rights, the UMW of today also advocates for better roads, schools, and universal health care.
 By 2014, coal mining had largely shifted to open pit mines in Wyoming, and there were only 60,000 active coal miners.
 The UMW was left with 35,000 members, of whom 20,000 were coal miners, chiefly in underground mines in Kentucky and West Virginia.
 However it was responsible for pensions and medical benefits for 40,000 retired miners, and for 50,000 spouses and dependents.
The West Virginia coal wars (1912–21), also known as the mine wars, arose out of a dispute between coal companies and miners.
 The first workers strike, in West Virginia, was the Cabin Creek and Paint Creek strike of 1912-1913.
 With help from Mary "Mother" Jones, an important figure in unionizing the mine workers, the miners demanded better pay, better work conditions, the right to trade where they pleased (ending the practice of forcing miners to buy from company-owned stores), and recognition of the United Mine Workers (UMW).
 The mining companies, however, refused to meet the demands of the workers and instead hired Baldwin-Felts Agents, equipped with high-powered rifles, to guard the mines, but more important to be strikebreakers.
 After the Agents arrived, the miners either moved out or were evicted from the houses they had been renting from the coal companies, moving into coal camps that were being supported by the Union.
 Approximately 35,000 people lived in these coal camps.
 It wasn't until a month after the strike began that it became hostile with the arrival of the Baldwin-Felts Agents who provoked the miners.
 The union began supplying miners with weapons: 6 machine guns, 1,000 high-powered rifles, and 50,000 rounds of ammunition.
