Anna Maria Walker (née Patton) (c. 1778–1852) and her husband Colonel George Warren Walker (1778–1843) were Scottish botanists in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) who made extensive collections of plants between 1830 and 1838.
 Several species of ferns and orchids were named after them by Sir William Jackson Hooker with whom they corresponded.
 They also corresponded with and collaborated with other botanists in the region such as Robert Wight.
 Anna Maria was also an excellent botanical artist who illustrated many species of orchids. Plant species named after them include "Vanilla walkeriae", "Liparis walkeriae" and "Thrixspermum walkeri".
Vanilla, the vanilla orchids, forms a flowering plant genus of about 110 species in the orchid family (Orchidaceae).
 The most widely known member is the flat-leaved vanilla ("V. planifolia"), native to Mexico, from which commercial vanilla flavoring is derived.
 It is the only orchid widely used for industrial purposes in flavoring such products as foods, beverages and cosmetics, and is recognized as the most popular aroma and flavor.
 The key constituent imparting its popular characteristics is the phenolic aldehyde, vanillin.
Eriocaulon is a genus of about 400 species commonly known as pipeworts, of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the family Eriocaulaceae.
 The genus is widely distributed, with the centers of diversity for the group occurring in tropical regions, particularly southern Asia and the Americas.
 A few species extend to temperate regions, with ca. 10 species in the United States, mostly in the southern states from California to Florida, and only two species in Canada; China has 35 species, also mostly southern.
 Only one species ("E. aquaticum") occurs in Europe, where it is confined to the Atlantic Ocean coasts of Scotland and Ireland; this species also occurs in eastern North America and is thought to be a relatively recent natural colonist in Europe.
 In the Americas, "Eriocaulon" is the only genus in its family that occurs north of Florida.
 They tend to be associated with wet soils, many growing in shallow water, in wetlands, or in wet savannas like flatwoods.
 In wet soils, their abundance appears to be related to water levels, fire frequency, and competition from other plants such as grasses.
 Experiments have shown that they are weak competitors compared to many other wetland plant species.
 Some species can persist as buried seeds during unfavorable conditions.
 The scientific name is derived from Ancient Greek εριον, "erion", meaning 'wool', and καυλός, "caulos", meaning 'stalk'.
Arthropodium minus, the small vanilla lily, is a species of herbaceous perennial plants native to the Southern Hemisphere.
 Valued as bush tucker as the roots are edible raw.
Botany, also called plant science(s), plant biology or phytology, is the science of plant life and a branch of biology.
 A botanist or plant scientist is a scientist who specialises in this field.
 The term "botany" comes from the Ancient Greek word βοτάνη ("botanē") meaning "pasture", "grass", or "fodder"; βοτάνη is in turn derived from βόσκειν ("boskein"), "to feed" or "to graze".
 Traditionally, botany has also included the study of fungi and algae by mycologists and phycologists respectively, with the study of these three groups of organisms remaining within the sphere of interest of the International Botanical Congress.
 Nowadays, botanists (in the strict sense) study approximately 410,000 species of land plants of which some 391,000 species are vascular plants (including ca 369,000 species of flowering plants), and ca 20,000 are bryophytes.
Arthropodium milleflorum (pale vanilla lily) is a species of herbaceous perennial plants native to Australia.
 It occurs in various habitats including alpine areas and grows to between 0.3 and 1.3 metres high and 0.3 metres wide.
 The fleshy tubers were eaten by Aborigines.
 The plant has a strong vanilla fragrance, especially noticeable on warm days.
Selenicereus grandiflorus is a cactus species originating from the Antilles, Mexico and Central America.
 The species is commonly referred to as queen of the night, night-blooming cereus (though these two terms are also used for other species), large-flowered cactus, sweet-scented cactus or vanilla cactus.
 The true species is extremely rare in cultivation.
 Most of the plants under this name belong to other species or hybrids.
 It is often confused with the species of "Epiphyllum".
Cuphea is a genus containing about 260 species of annual and perennial flowering plants native to warm temperate to tropical regions of the Americas.
 The species range from low-growing herbaceous plants to semi-woody shrubs up to 2 m tall.
 Commonly they are known as cupheas, or, in the case of some species, as cigar plants.
 The generic name is derived from the Greek word κυφος ("kyphos"), meaning "bent," "curved," or "humped."
Jatropha is a genus of flowering plants in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae.
 The name is derived from the Greek words ἰατρός ("iatros"), meaning "physician", and τροφή ("trophe"), meaning "nutrition", hence the common name physic nut.
 Another common name is nettlespurge.
 It contains approximately 170 species of succulent plants, shrubs and trees (some are deciduous, like "Jatropha curcas").
 Most of these are native to the Americas, with 66 species found in the Old World.
 Plants produce separate male and female flowers.
 As with many members of the family Euphorbiaceae, "Jatropha" contains compounds that are highly toxic.
 Jatropha species have traditionally been used in basketmaking, tanning and dye production.
 In the 2000s, one species, "Jatropha curcas", generated interest as an oil crop for biodiesel production.
Vanilla is a flavoring derived from orchids of the genus "Vanilla", primarily from the Mexican species, flat-leaved vanilla ("V. planifolia").
 The word "vanilla", derived from "vainilla" , the diminutive of the Spanish word "vaina" ("vaina" itself meaning sheath or pod), is translated simply as "little pod".
 Pre-Columbian Mesoamerican people cultivated the vine of the vanilla orchid, called "tlilxochitl" by the Aztecs.
 Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés is credited with introducing both vanilla and chocolate to Europe in the 1520s.
