Nikolaos "Nikos" Anastopoulos (Greek: Νικόλαος "Νίκος" Αναστόπουλος ) is a Greek former football player, one of the most prolific strikers in the Greek league during the 1980s and widely regarded as one of the best strikers in the history of Greek football.
 With 29 goals he is the all-time top scorer for the Greek national football team.
 He is considered as one of the greatest players in Olympiacos history, where he scored 159 goals in 291 official games for the Greek powerhouse and won the Bronze Boot as the third scorer in Europe in the 1982–83 season.
 Since retiring as a player he has become a football manager, currently coaching Aris F.C..
Cecil Gooding (May 1883 – January 5, 1904) was an American football player.
 Gooding attended Ann Arbor High School where he played football.
 He enrolled as an engineering student at the University of Michigan in the fall of 1901.
 He played on Michigan's All-Freshman football team in 1901 and became a backup at the guard position for the 1902 Michigan Wolverines football team.
 As a junior, he was the starting right guard in all 12 games for the 1903 Michigan Wolverines football team that compiled a record of 11-0-1 and outscored its opponents 565-6.
 The 1903 Michigan team has been recognized as national champions by the National Championship Foundation.
 He contracted typhoid fever following a Thanksgiving Day game against the University of Minnesota in late November 1903.
 It was believed that he contracted the illness from drinking the water while in Chicago for the game.
 He died five weeks later.
 He was the first Michigan Wolverines football player to die while attending the school.
 Following his death, "The Michigan Alumnus" wrote: "He had striven conscientiously to perfect himself in the game and earned the respect of coaches, players and spectators.
 He was a reliable, hard-working guard who never under any circumstances played anything but a sportsmanlike game.
 He was a "man" off the field and on."
 He was buried at York Charter Township, Washtenaw County, Michigan.
Nike Total 90 is a brand of Nike sportswear and equipment first introduced in 2000, designed to be used for association football.
 The range consists mainly of shoes, shirts, and shorts, but also includes socks, shin guards, equipment bags, drink bottles, goalkeeper gloves, and balls.
 The Nike Total 90 range has now been replaced with Nike Hypervenom.
Craig Peter Johnston (born 25 June 1960) is a South African-born Australian former footballer.
 He played in the English Football League between 1977 and 1988, winning five league titles with Liverpool.
 After retiring, he designed and created the prototype for Adidas' Predator football boot, worn by many footballers and rugby players.
 He was eligible for the Australian and South African national teams, but only ever made an appearance for the England U-21 youth team.
Nike Tiempo is a football boot/trainer or AstroTurf shoe aimed mostly in modern times at central defenders and goalkeepers such as Jerome Boateng and Hugo Lloris.
The "Nike Hypervenom" is a football boot that is manufactured by Nike.
 This type of boot is said to be for traction and agility, designed for deceptive players.
 Therefore, it is endorsed/worn by players, notably forwards, such as Marcus Rashford, Kylian Mbappé, Robert Lewandowski, Gonzalo Higuaín, Mauro Icardi, Harry Kane, Edinson Cavani, Riyad Mahrez, Romelu Lukaku, Cian Brennan Aubameyang and Thiago.
Adam Jake Taggart (born 2 June 1993) is an Australian football (soccer) player who is currently signed to Perth Glory and who has played for the Australia national team.
 Taggart is a striker and is a former holder of the Nike A-League Golden Boot award, scoring 16 goals in 25 appearances for the Jets during the 2013–14 A-League season.
Aung Thu (Burmese: အောင်သူ ; born 22 May 1996) is a footballer from Myanmar, and a striker for the Myanmar U-19 national football team and Yadanarbon FC.
 He was born in Pyinmana, Mandalay.
 In 2009, he joined the Myanmar Football Academy in Mandalay.
 He had played for U-16 and has begun playing for the Myanmar national football team.
 Aung Thu first appeared in national under 16 team that took part in 2011 AFF U-16 Youth Championship.
 He scored a goal against Qatar in 2014 AFC U-19 Championship in Myanmar which the team eventually lost in the extra time.
 He is fond of Messi.
 His performance helped the U-19 Myanmar National Team advance to the FIFA U-20 World Cup for the first time in Myanmar football history.
 This was the first time that a Myanmar football team taking part in a world level tournament after Myanmar had qualified for the football tournament in the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany.
 He also won the most valuable player award of the year in early 2015 January.
 He scored a leading goal for Myanmar against New Zealand in the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
 He scored his first international goal for Myanmar National Football team against Laos 3-1 in 2018 World Cup qualification(AFC).
Edmond Dosti (born 5 February 1966) is a retired Albanian footballer.
 He previously played as a striker for Partizani Tirana in Albania and also Olimpija Ljubljana in Slovenia.
 He was the Albanian Superliga top goalscorer for the 1992–1993 season with 21 goals, he won this golden boot whilst he was at Partizani Tirana.
 He was also a member of the Albania national football team from 1991 to 1995.
 In total he made four appearances for Albania national football team, all of them were as substitutes.
 Currently he lives in Graz city of Austria and he is manager of "Bar Austria" in Tirana with his brother Vladimir Dosti a football players manager.
The Mercurial Vapor is a football boot manufactured by Nike.
 The boot is known for being lightweight.
 Because of this, the boot is endorsed by many players for whom speed is part of their game, notably wingers or strikers, such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Franck Ribéry, Luiz Adriano, Zlatan Ibrahimović, Didier Drogba, Jesús Navas, Luka Modrić, Arturo Vidal, Douglas Costa, Xherdan Shaqiri, Raheem Sterling, Stephan El Shaarawy, Eden Hazard, Alexis Sánchez, Carlos Bacca and Philippe Coutinho, among others.
