Volhv Veleslav (Cyrillic: Волхв Велеслав) (born Ilya Cherkasov (Cyrillic: Илья Черкасов), October 8, 1973), also known as Влх.
 Велеслав (Vlh.
 Veleslav)] and V.L.S.L.V., is a Russian Rodnover priest.
 He is also an author, artist, poet, teacher and lecturer.
 Veleslav is the founder of Rodolubie (Rodoljub) and the Veles Circle.
 His early works form the basis of the Slavic neopaganism movement and its reconstruction.
 Veleslav is the author of several books on Russian and Slavic traditions, including "The Doctrine/Teachings of the Magi: The White Book" (2007, 2nd ed.
 2010); "The Black Book of Mary" (2008); "Living Vedas of Russ: Revelations of Native Gods" (2008); the "Book of Veles's Tales" (2005), and "The Book of the Great Navi" (2011), amongst many others.
 He has also contributed to the first magazine for Rodnovers, "Родноверие".
Sir James Marriott (29 October 1730 – 21 March 1803) was a prominent British judge, politician and scholar of the late eighteenth century who is best known for his service at the High Court of Admiralty, the highest court in Britain dealing with naval and maritime affairs.
 Although he presided over a number of important naval cases, his contribution to legal history lies principally in the publication of "Formulare instrumentarum", a text on admiralty law that had a significant influence on American law in particular.
 For the rest of his career, Marriott was a shameless pursuer of political favour, siding with several factions both before and during his service as Member of Parliament for Sudbury between 1780 and 1784 and 1796 and 1802.
 He was less successful in other areas of his life: he served as a Fellow and subsequently Master at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, but quarrelled with his colleagues and rarely attended the College.
 He also produced a number of legal pamphlets and poems, which his biography in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography describes as "slender literary accomplishments".
James Madison Nabrit III (June 11, 1932 – March 22, 2013) was an African American civil rights attorney who won several important decisions before the U.S. Supreme Court.
 He was also a long-time attorney for the NAACP's Legal Defense Fund.
The Remaining Documents of Talaat Pasha (Turkish: "Talat Paşa'nın Evrak-ı Metrukesi" ), also known in Turkey as The Abandoned Documents of Talaat Pasha and Talaat Pasha's Black Book, is the title of a 2008 book by the Turkish journalist Murat Bardakçı.
 It reproduces in modern Turkish script a selection of documents from the WWI period by Mehmed Talaat Pasha, the Ottoman Empire's Grand Vizier and Minister of Interior, that deal with the relocations of both Muslim Turks and Armenians and the expropriation of abandoned Armenian and Greek property.
 Its full English title is "The Remaining Documents of Talaat Pasha: Documents and Important Correspondence Found in the Private Archives of Sadrazam Talaat Pasha about the Armenian Deportations".
Common law (also known as judicial precedent or judge-made law or case law) is the body of law developed by judges, courts, and similar tribunals.
 The defining characteristic of “common law” is that it arises as precedent.
 In cases where the parties disagree on what the law is, a common law court looks to past precedential decisions of relevant courts, and synthesizes the principles of those past cases as applicable to the current facts.
 If a similar dispute has been resolved in the past, the court is usually bound to follow the reasoning used in the prior decision (a principle known as "stare decisis").
 If, however, the court finds that the current dispute is fundamentally distinct from all previous cases (called a "matter of first impression"), and legislative statutes are either silent or ambiguous on the question, judges have the authority and duty to resolve the issue (one party or the other has to win, and on disagreements of law, judges make that decision).
 The court states an opinion that gives reasons for the decision, and those reasons agglomerate with past decisions as precedent to bind future judges and litigants.
 Common law, as the body of law made by judges, stands in contrast to and on equal footing with statutes which are adopted through the legislative process, and regulations which are promulgated by the executive branch (the interactions are explained later in this article). "
Stare decisis", the principle that cases should be decided according to consistent principled rules so that similar facts will yield similar results, lies at the heart of all common law systems.
The Black Book of the Admiralty is a compilation of English admiralty law created over the course of several English monarchs' reigns, including the most important decisions of the High Court of Admiralty.
 Its starting point is the Rolls of Oléron, which were promulgated in c. 1160 by Eleanor of Aquitaine, although the "Black Book" is undoubtedly later.
 The book itself states that the High Court of Admiralty was established during the reign of Edward I (1272–1307), although more recent scholarship places the establishment at c. 1360 during the reign of Edward III.
 Apart from the Rolls of Oléron, the earliest statute referred to is the "Liber memorandorum" (1338), of which a separate manuscript copy is available in the archives of the City of London.
Australian Communist Party v The Commonwealth (1951) 83 CLR 1, also known as the Communist Party Case, was a legal case in the High Court of Australia described as "undoubtedly one of the High Court's most important decisions."
Unaussprechlichen Kulten (also known as Nameless Cults or the Black Book) is a fictional book of arcane literature in the Cthulhu Mythos.
 The book first appeared in Robert E. Howard's short stories "The Children of the Night" (1931) and "The Black Stone" (1931) as "Nameless Cults".
 Like the "Necronomicon", it was later mentioned in several stories by H. P. Lovecraft.
Black Book, also known as Black Book Market Research, is a Tampa, Florida technology and services market research and opinion research company.
 The company provides competitive intelligence, market research, opinion mining and related consulting services for brand, product and service awareness tracking.
 The company also provides private polling services for media outlets, including U.S. News & World Report and the The Wall Street Journal.
The National Industrial Court of Nigeria also known as NIC is a court empowered to adjudicate trade disputes, labour practices, matters related to the Factories Act, Trade Disputes Act, Trade Unions Act, Workmen’s Compensations Act and appeals from the Industrial Arbitration Panel.
 Most matters adjudicated by the court are exclusive to the court and its decisions are subject only to appeal when certain conditions are met.
 NIC's power as a court of first and last resort has it share of critics who believe it deprives litigants the ability to appeal its decisions and an overreaching jurisdiction into potential criminal matters such as sexual harassment, discrimination and child labour.
