Angels & Devils is the fourth studio album by American rock band Fuel.
 Released on August 7, 2007, it was their first studio effort since 2003's "Natural Selection" and was the last Fuel album to feature original songwriter/guitarist, Carl Bell and bassist Jeff Abercrombie.
 No musician on this album is still with the band.
 It was also Fuel's only studio album to feature new vocalist Toryn Green, and their final album for Epic Records.
 With a new singer, the album also introduced a new Fuel logo.
"Soul to Preach To" is the first single released from Fuel's album "Puppet Strings".
 It is also the first single released featuring original lead singer Brett Scallions since Fuel's 2003 studio album "Natural Selection".
Puppet Strings is the fifth studio album by American rock band Fuel.
 Released March 4, 2014, it is their first studio effort since 2003's "Natural Selection" to feature original lead singer Brett Scallions and the first Fuel album not to feature original songwriter/guitarist, Carl Bell and bassist Jeff Abercrombie.
 Additionally, no one who participated in the recording of Fuel's previous album "Angels & Devils" participated in the recording of "Puppet Strings".
"Yeah!"
 is the first song released from Fuel's album "Puppet Strings".
 It is also the first song released featuring original lead singer Brett Scallions since Fuel's 2003 studio album "Natural Selection".
Circus Diablo is an American rock band, formed in early 2006 by Billy Morrison (vocals), Billy Duffy (lead guitar) and Ricky Warwick (rhythm guitar).
 Fuel frontman Brett Scallions and Velvet Revolver drummer Matt Sorum subsequently joined the band on bass and drums, respectively.
 To date, Circus Diablo have released one studio album, entitled "Circus Diablo".
Brett Allen Scallions (born December 21, 1971) is an American musician.
 He is the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist, and lyricist of post-grunge band Fuel.
Mind Control is the fourth album by American post-grunge band Tantric and was released on August 4, 2009.
 It is the band's second album under Silent Majority Group and was produced by Brett Hestla, marking Tantric's departure from mainstay producer Toby Wright.
 "Mind Control" retains the band's 2008 lineup with the exception of drummer Kevin Miller who was replaced by Richie Monica.
The Best of Fuel is a compilation album by American hard rock band Fuel.
 It contains songs from their first three full-length albums, "Sunburn", "Something Like Human", and "Natural Selection".
 All of the said albums featured vocalist Brett Scallions who departed from the group only a few months after the compilation's release.
 "The Best of Fuel" consists solely of the band's released singles, with the exception of "Million Miles" from "Natural Selection" (it features "Quarter" from the same album instead).
Ciaran Gribbin (born 1976) is a Northern Irish singer-songwriter, guitarist and producer who hails from Castledawson, Northern Ireland.
"Celebration" is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Madonna for her third greatest hits album of the same name (2009).
 It was written and produced by Madonna, Paul Oakenfold and Ian Green, with additional writing from Ciaran Gribbin.
 The song was released digitally on July 31, 2009 by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 Madonna collaborated with Oakenfold to develop a number of songs.
 Amongst all the songs developed by them, two were chosen for the greatest hits album with "Celebration" being released as the first single from it.
 It is a dance-oriented song with influences of Madonna's singles from the 1980s and 1990s, and consisting of a speak-sing format bridge.
 The lyrics of the song invites one to come and join a party.
