Leather Launderette is the sixteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, recorded together with fellow musician Rod Clements.
 The album was released in March 1989.
 Jansch had health problems during the recording, and in 1987, after being rushed to hospital, he quit drinking alcohol.
 Colin Harper says in his Bert Jansch biography, "Dazzling Stranger", "There can be no doubt that Bert's creativity, reliability, energy, commitment and quality of performance were all rescued dramatically by the decision to quit boozing".
Thirteen Down is the thirteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1980.
 The album, credited as "The Bert Jansch Conundrum", originally appeared with at least three different sleeves, in the UK, US and Australia.
 There were also, on some or all of these packagings, dubious writing credits for "If I Had A Lover" and "Sweet Mother Earth", adaptations of a Swedish and Brazilian song respectively.
Nicola is the fifth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1967.
 An orchestrated version of "Train Song" was attempted during the "Nicola" sessions but, while fondly remembered by arranger David Palmer, did not make the finished product.
 Neither did two further outtakes "In This Game" and "Dissatisfied Blues" (both of which he performed live during the city hall tour of early 1967) although they later appeared on "Box Of Love - The Bert Jansch Sampler Vol.
 2" (1972), issued on Transatlantic shortly after Bert had left the label.
 They have also been resurrected on the new reissue of "Nicola".
Bert Jansch is the debut album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch.
 The album was recorded on a reel-to-reel tape recorder at engineer Bill Leader's house and sold to Transatlantic Records for £100.
 Transatlantic released the album, which went on to sell 150,000 copies.
 The album was included in Robert Dimery's "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die".
Folk, Blues and Beyond is the second studio album by British musician Davey Graham, originally released in 1965.
 It has been considered Graham's most groundbreaking and consistent work and a defining record of the 20th century.
 It has also been a primary influence on some of the most popular musicians in Britain ranging from Bert Jansch to Jimmy Page and Eric Clapton.
Lucky Thirteen is the first release by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch in America, compiled from his first two UK albums "Bert Jansch" and "It Don't Bother Me".
 It was released by Vanguard in 1966.
Bill Leader (born 1929) is an English recording engineer and record producer.
 He is particularly associated with the British folk music revival of the 1960s and 1970s, producing records by Paddy Tunney, Davey Graham, Bert Jansch, John Renbourn, Frank Harte and many others.
The River Sessions is a live album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 2004.
 The CD contains a track-by-track commentary (state to be done by Bert Jansch).
 It's a recording of a solo Bert Jansch concert, from City Hall in Glasgow, on November 18, 1974.
 In 1973, Bert Jansch left Pentangle and the band split.
 He returned to a solo career and released in a group setting "L.A. Turnaround" in September 1974.
 Eight of the fourteen tracks on this live album come from that LP.
 This is the unique recording available on CD of a live solo rendition of the tracks.
Dazzling Stranger: The Bert Jansch Anthology is a compilation album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in August 2000.
 It is the first Bert Jansch compilation featuring material recorded for and owned by more than one label.
 Sanctuary / Castle licensed from several rightsholders to make this the most definitive Jansch compilation available.
Les Cousins was a folk and blues club in the basement of a restaurant in Greek Street, in the Soho district of London, England.
 It had its heyday during the British folk music revival of the mid-1960s and was notable as a venue in which musicians of that period met and learnt from each other.
 As such, it was influential in the careers of, for example, Jackson C. Frank, Al Stewart, Marc Brierley, Davey Graham, Bert Jansch, John Renbourn, Sandy Denny, John Martyn, Alexis Korner, The Strawbs, Roy Harper, The Young Tradition and Paul Simon.
 Several albums were recorded there.
