A Tesla Valve, called by Tesla a Valvular Conduit, is a fixed-geometry passive Check valve.
 It allows a fluid to flow preferentially in one direction, without moving parts.
 The device is named after Nikola Tesla, who was awarded a patent in 1920 for its invention.
 The patent application describes the invention as follows: The interior of the conduit is provided with enlargements, recesses, projections, baffles, or buckets which, while offering virtually no resistance to the passage of the fluid in one direction, other than surface friction, constitute an almost impassable barrier to its flow in the opposite [direction].
 Tesla illustrates this with the drawing in Figure 1, showing one possible construction with a series of eleven flow-control segments, although any other number of such segments could be used as desired to increase or decrease the flow regulation effect.
" Midnight Memories" is the third studio album by British-Irish boy band One Direction, released on 25 November 2013 by Columbia Records, Syco Music and Sony Music.
 The album was described as having a "slightly rockier tone" than their previous efforts.
 It has become the fastest-selling album in Amazon UK's history, breaking the record set by One Direction's previous release, "Take Me Home" (2012).
 The album debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200, making One Direction the first group in history to debut at number one in the US with their first three albums.
 The album was preceded by the release of the singles "Best Song Ever" and "Story of My Life".
One Direction: This Is Us is a 2013 British-American 3-D documentary concert film centering on British-Irish group One Direction.
 It opened in the United Kingdom on 29 August 2013, followed a day later in the United States.
 The movie shows many clips and songs of One Direction.
Only One Direction is an international production and theatre show about English-Irish boyband One Direction.
 The band has performed to hundreds of thousands worldwide.
 In October 2015, Only One Direction - The One Direction Story opened in London's West End.
Take Me Home is the second studio album by British-Irish group One Direction, released on 9 November 2012 by Syco Music and Columbia Records.
 As a follow-up to One Direction's internationally successful debut album "Up All Night" (2011), "Take Me Home" was written in groups and has an average of just under five songwriters per track.
 Largely recorded and composed in Sweden during 2012, Savan Kotecha, Rami Yacoub and Carl Falk, who composed One Direction's hits, "What Makes You Beautiful" and "One Thing", spent six months in Stockholm developing songs for the album, and were able to shape melodies around the members' tones.
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction, released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom, followed by a worldwide release during 2012.
 Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest "The X Factor" in December 2010, One Direction began recording the album in Sweden, UK and the United States, working with a variety of writers and producers.
 The album is predominantly a pop music album which orientates into pop rock, dance-pop, teen pop and power pop.
 The album's lyrical content regards being young, relationships, heartbreak and empowerment.
 Staged in support of the album, One Direction performed the album's songs live on televised shows, at awards ceremonies, and during their worldwide Up All Night Tour.
One thing that characterizes Euboea and especially Chalkida is the phenomenon of "trela nera".
 (i.e. Crazy Waters).
 This phenomenon is a rare phenomenon that occurs in the Strait of Euripus under the bridge opening, where the flow of ocean waters changes.
 That is, when the water flowing one direction and then in the exact opposite direction.
 This change happens approximately every 6 hours.This phenomenon reaches its climax under the old sliding bridge where the speed of the water takes the maximum speed of 9 miles per hour.
 It is said that this speed of the water, a shark will struggle to swim in the opposite direction.
 This phenomenon is as follows: the waters move in the one direction for 6 hours, then for 8 minutes waters are stable and then they flow in the opposite direction for other 6 hours, then other 8 minutes the water is stable, and so on.
 It is this strange phenomenon that has given the city of Xalkida the nickname of "Crazy waters".
Louis William Tomlinson (born Louis Troy Austin; 24 December 1991) is an English singer and songwriter.
 He is known as a member of the boy band One Direction.
 Tomlinson began his career as an actor, appearing in ITV drama film "If I Had You" and the BBC drama "Waterloo Road".
 In 2010, he became a member of One Direction after being eliminated as a solo artist on the British music competition series "The X Factor".
 Tomlinson is one of the main songwriters of One Direction's repertoire.
 Following the band's hiatus, Tomlinson released the singles "Just Hold On" and "Back to You".
 The latter will be included in his debut studio album, which will be released in 2017 by Epic Records.
Liam James Payne (born 29 August 1993) is an English singer and songwriter.
 He rose to fame as a member of the boy band One Direction.
 Payne made his debut as a singer when he auditioned for the British television series "The X Factor" in 2008.
 After being eliminated as a solo performer, he auditioned again in 2010 and was put into a group with four other contestants to form One Direction.
 One Direction has released five commercially successful albums, performed on four worldwide tours, and won multiple awards.
One Direction: Where We Are – The Concert Film, also known as One Direction: Where We Are - Live from San Siro Stadium is the second concert film by English-Irish boy band One Direction and the sequel to "".
 The film takes place during the 28 and 29 June 2014 shows of the band's Where We Are Tour at San Siro Stadium in Milan, Italy.
 It contains a 15-minute interview with the band with exclusive behind-the-scenes footage.
