Dave Peacock (born May 26, 1968) is the former President of the Anheuser-Busch InBev subsidiary, Anheuser-Busch.
 He succeeded August Busch IV in 2008 after the acquisition of Anheuser-Busch was completed by InBev on November 18, 2008.
 He earned his undergraduate degree in Journalism (Advertising) from the William Allen White School of Journalism and Mass Communications at the University of Kansas in 1990 and an MBA from the Olin Business School at Washington University in St. Louis.
 He stepped down in 2012.
Brauerei Diebels is a firm based in Issum on the Lower Rhine that manufactures various beer products and belongs to the Anheuser-Busch Inbev Group in Brussels.
 The formerly independent family firm was taken over in 2001 by the Belgian Interbrew Group which merged with the Brazilian AmBev to form the Anheuser-Busch InBev brewing group.
Bourbon whiskey is a type of American whiskey, a barrel-aged distilled spirit made primarily from corn.
 The name is derived from the French Bourbon dynasty, although it is unclear precisely what inspired the whiskey's name (contenders include Bourbon County in Kentucky and Bourbon Street in New Orleans).
 Bourbon has been distilled since the 18th century.
 The use of the term "bourbon" for the whiskey has been traced to the 1820s, and the term began to be used consistently in Kentucky in the 1870s.
 While bourbon may be made anywhere in the United States, it is strongly associated with the American South, and with Kentucky in particular.
 As of 2014, the distillers' wholesale market revenue for bourbon sold within the U.S. is about $2.7 billion, and bourbon makes up about two-thirds of the $1.6 billion of U.S. exports of distilled spirits.
Interbrew was a large Belgium-based brewing company which owned many internationally known beers, as well as some smaller local beers.
 In 2004, Interbrew merged with Brazilian brewer AmBev to form InBev, which at the time became the largest brewer in the world by volume, with a 13% global market share.
 In 2008, InBev further merged with American brewer Anheuser-Busch to form Anheuser-Busch InBev (abbreviated AB InBev).
 Interbrew is now a division of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV since the latter acquired SABMiller in October 2016.
Cougar bourbon whiskey, formerly called Sam Cougar's, is a brand of bourbon whiskey produced in Lawrenceburg, Indiana.
 It is an export-only brand owned by Foster's Group (a division of SABMiller) that is bottled and sold in Australia and New Zealand, where it is a popular bourbon whiskey.
 It is sold at 37% alc.
/vol.
Willett Pot Still Reserve Bourbon is brand of a bourbon whiskey produced in Bardstown, Kentucky by the Willett Distillery.
 It is a Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey brand introduced in 2008 and bottled at 47% abv, with 8–10 year aging.
 It is sold in glass 750 ml and 1.75 liter bottles.
 The company is identified on the product label as the Willett Distilling Company, which was the original name of the company until its name was changed in 1984 to Kentucky Bourbon Distillers, Ltd. (KBD).
 In October 2012, the company announced that it would return to using the Willett name as its primary business name.
 Recent bottlings are identified on the labels as a small batch bourbon, whereas it was originally released as a single barrel bourbon.
InBev was a brewing company that resulted from the merger between Belgium-based company Interbrew and Brazilian brewer AmBev which took place in 2004.
 It existed independently until the acquisition of Anheuser-Busch in 2008, that formed Anheuser-Busch InBev (abbreviated AB InBev).
 InBev had operations in over 30 countries and sales in over 130 countries.
 In 2006, it had a market capitalization of €30.6 billion and net profit of €3.2 billion on sales of €13.3 billion.
South African Breweries (officially The South African Breweries Limited, informally SAB) is a major brewing and bottling company headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa and was a wholly owned subsidiary of SABMiller until its interests were sold to Anheuser-Busch InBev on 10 October 2016.
 South African Breweries is now a direct subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV.
SABMiller plc was a multinational brewing and beverage company headquartered in Woking, England on the outskirts of London until 10 October 2016 when it was acquired by Anheuser-Busch InBev.
 Prior to that date, it was the world's second-largest brewer measured by revenues (after Anheuser-Busch InBev) and was also a major bottler of Coca-Cola.
 Its brands included Fosters, Miller, and Pilsner Urquell.
 It operated in 80 countries worldwide and in 2009 sold around 21 billion litres of beverages.
 Since 10 October 2016, SABMiller has been a business division of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV, a Brazilian-Belgian corporation with headquarters in Leuven.
Heaven Hill Distilleries, Inc. is an American, private family-owned and operated distillery company headquartered in Bardstown, Kentucky that produces and markets the Heaven Hill brand of Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey and a variety of other distilled spirits.
 Its current distillery facility, called the Heaven Hill Bernheim distillery, is in Louisville, Kentucky.
 It is the seventh-largest alcohol supplier in the United States, the second-largest holder of bourbon whiskey inventory in the world, the largest independent family-owned and operated producer and marketer of distilled spirits in the United States, and the only large family-owned distillery company headquartered in Kentucky (not counting the Brown-Forman Corporation, which is publicly traded but more than two-thirds family-controlled, or the Sazerac Company, which is family-owned but headquartered in Louisiana).
