Love Streams is the eighth studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker, released on April 8, 2016 on 4AD and Paper Bag Records.
 The album was recorded throughout 2014 and 2015 at Greenhouse Studios in Reykjavík, Iceland, where parts of Hecker's last two albums "Virgins" (2013) and "Ravedeath, 1972" (2011) were recorded.
Radio Amor is the second studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker, released on March 25, 2003 on Mille Plateaux, and re-released on Alien8 Recordings on January 23, 2007.
Tim Hecker is an electronic musician and sound artist based in Los Angeles, United States and Montreal, Canada.
 Hecker previously recorded under the moniker Jetone, but has become known internationally for ambient recordings released under his own name, such as "Harmony in Ultraviolet" (2006) and "Ravedeath, 1972" (2011).
 He has released eight albums and a number of EPs in addition to collaborations with artists such as Ben Frost, Daniel Lopatin, and Aidan Baker.
 His latest album "Love Streams" was released on his new label 4AD on 8 April 2016.
Harmony in Ultraviolet is the fourth studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker, released on October 16, 2006 on Kranky.
An Imaginary Country is the fifth studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker, released on March 10, 2009 by Kranky.
 The album is available on either CD or 2×LP.
Mirages is the third studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker, released on September 21, 2004 on Alien8 Recordings.
 It is described on the Alien8 website as “an ambient-death-metal classic in waiting.”
 The album is composed primarily of heavily distorted and processed guitar.
 Relatively free of beats, this album moves rhythmically along in a glitch fashion, acquiring rhythm through pulsating or droning bass and some sounds resembling digital malfunction.
 In addition to sharing similar moods and tones, the tracks bleed into each other, making this a nearly seamless composition.
 The distortion guitar and feedback elements with delicate underlying melodies may call to mind the textural rock compositions of shoegaze.
Ravedeath, 1972 is the sixth studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker, released on February 14, 2011 by Kranky.
 Musically sparse, the album was recorded primarily in Frikirkjan Church, Reykjavík, with contributions from Ben Frost.
 The album's central theme is of the degradation of music itself.
 Critical response was largely warm, with many reviewers acknowledging the album as Hecker's finest.
Virgins is the seventh studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker, released on October 14, 2013 by Kranky and Paper Bag Records.
 The album features contributions from Kara-Lis Coverdale.
Haunt Me, Haunt Me Do It Again is the debut studio album by Canadian electronic musician Tim Hecker, released on November 20, 2001, on Substractif, a sub-label of Alien8 Recordings.
 The album mixes the digital signal processing of glitch with post-rock structures and melodies.
 The sounds used for this album, as well as most of Tim Hecker’s other works, originate from a guitar, piano, and laptop.
 The title of the song “The Work of Art in the Age of Cultural Overproduction” is a reference to Walter Benjamin's essay, "The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction".
Music Maker Relief Foundation is an American non-profit, based in Hillsborough, North Carolina.
 Music Maker Relief Foundation was founded in 1994 by Tim and Denise Duffy to "help the true pioneers and forgotten heroes of Southern music gain recognition and meet their day-to-day needs.
 Music Maker presents these musical traditions to the world so American culture will flourish and be preserved for future generations."
