MC Miker G & DJ Sven were a hip hop duo from the Netherlands.
 The duo consisted of Lucien Witteveen and Sven van Veen (DJ Sven).
 The 1980s saw the two launch "Holiday Rap" to international success.
 The song is a remixed version of Madonna's hit "Holiday" with additional rapping and an interpolation of the chorus of Cliff Richard's "Summer Holiday", remixed by Ben Liebrand.
Holiday at the Dew Drop Inn is the third and final book in the series by Eve Garnett which began with the award-winning "The Family from One End Street" in 1937, and continued with the long-delayed "Further Adventures of the Family from One End Street" (published in 1956).
 It describes Kate Ruggles' summer holiday at the Dew Drop Inn in the fictional village of Upper Cassington.
 It is stated in More Adventures of the Family From One End Street that the village is in Kent.
 It was first published by Heinemann in 1962, and first appeared in Puffin Books in 1966.
"Summer Holiday" is a song recorded by Cliff Richard and The Shadows, written by rhythm guitarist Bruce Welch and drummer Brian Bennett.
 It is taken from the film of the same name, and was released as the second single from the film in February 1963.
 It went to number one in the UK Singles Chart for a total of three weeks, as had the first single from the film, "The Next Time".
 After "Summer Holiday" had spent two weeks at number one, The Shadows' instrumental "Foot Tapper" - also from the same film - took over the top spot for one week, before "Summer Holiday" returned to the top spot for one further week.
 The track is one of Richard's best known titles and it remains a staple of his live shows.
 It was one of six hits Richard performed at his spontaneous gig at the 1996 Wimbledon Championships when rain stopped the tennis.
Summer Holiday, is an album by Cliff Richard and The Shadows.
 It is the soundtrack to the film of the same name.
 The album topped the UK Albums Chart for 14 weeks.
 Three singles from the album were released, beginning with the double A-side single, "The Next Time" and "Bachelor Boy", followed by "Summer Holiday" and lastly "Foot Tapper" (by the Shadows).
 All three topped the UK Singles Chart.
Summer vacation (also called summer holiday or summer break) is a school holiday in summer between school years and the longest break in the school year.
 Students and instructors are off school typically between 6 and 14 weeks, depending on the country and district.
 In the United States, summer break is approximately 2.5 months, with students typically getting out of school between late May and mid-June and starting the new school year between mid-August and early September.
 In Republic of Ireland, Italy, Greece, Lithuania, Latvia, Lebanon, Romania and Russia, the summer break is normally three months, compared to six to eight weeks in Australia, Britain, Canada, India, and Germany.
Sceale Bay (formerly Yanera) (pronounced "Scale Bay") is a small town 32 km south of Streaky Bay on the Eyre Peninsula of South Australia.
 With a permanent population of only 28, the town's numbers increase by threefold over the summer holiday period.
 The town is primarily an isolated holiday destination, with nothing in the way of commerce or industry occurring in its bounds.
 At the 2006 census , Sceale Bay had a population of 389.
Heißer Sommer, aka Hot Summer (USA), is a 1968 East German musical film.
 A 2001 video release promotes the film as "The East German Grease" although perhaps it is closer in concept to the 1963 British movie, "Summer Holiday" which starred Cliff Richard.
Madge Ryan (8 January 1919 – 9 January 1994) was an Australian actress, known for her stage roles in the United Kingdom, including London productions of "Entertaining Mr Sloane" (1964), "Philadelphia, Here I Come" (1967), and "Medea" (1993).
 She also starred in the Broadway production of "Summer of the Seventeenth Doll" (1958).
 Her film appearances included "Summer Holiday" (1963), "A Clockwork Orange" (1971), "Frenzy" (1972), and "Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe?
" (1978).
Holiday Hotel (French title:L'Hôtel de la plage) is a 1978 French comedy film directed and written by Michel Lang.
 The film stars Sophie Barjac and Myriam Boyer on a summer holiday in Brittany.
In the entertainment industry, a summer hit is a song that is released and peaks in its popularity during summer and often later quickly fades away.
 In some years, a single pop song will gain widespread international popularity during the summer holiday season, becoming that summer's definitive summer hit in many countries.
 Many of the best-known summer hits emerge from outside the British and American pop music industries.
