Unearthed is a 2007 horror film, directed by Matthew Leutwyler ("Dead & Breakfast") and starring Emmanuelle Vaugier ("Saw II") and Luke Goss.
 This monster movie opened on November 9, 2007 as one of the "8 Films to Die For" in the After Dark Films Horrorfest.
Bone Dry is an American drama film released in 2008.
 It was directed, produced by Emmy award winner Brett A. Hart & written by Jeff O'Brien & Brett A. Hart.
 The film starred Luke Goss and Lance Henriksen.
 Bone Dry is now available on Netflix, video on demand & DVD.
Interview with a Hitman is a 2012 British action film written and directed by Perry Bhandal.
 The film tells the story of Viktor (Luke Goss), a professional Romanian hitman who agrees to tell his story to a disgraced film director desperate to discover a unique story that will help him rebuild his career.
 It was produced by Kirlian Pictures & Scanner Rhodes with the assistance of Northern Film & Media.
 The film stars Luke Goss, Caroline Tillette, Stephen Marcus, Danny Midwinter and Elliot Greene.
Inside is a 2013 American horror film written and directed by Daryn Tufts, and starring Luke Goss, Paul Rae, Isaac Singleton, and Derek Phillips.
Annihilation Earth is a 2009 science fiction television film for Syfy, directed by Nick Lyon, written by Rafael Jordan, and starring Luke Goss, Marina Sirtis, and Colin Salmon.
 It follows the attempts by an energy scientist to determine the causes of a deadly explosion at a particle collider and mitigate its aftereffects.
 It premiered on December 12, 2009.
 According to the IMDB review, the film was criticised for its tragic ending, where humanity went into extinction thanks to the two main characters of the film, David and Paxton.
The Night Crew is an American action thriller film directed by Christian Sesma and co-written by Paul Sloan and Sesma.
 The film stars Danny Trejo, Luke Goss, Bokeem Woodbine and Chasty Ballesteros.
Luke Damon Goss (born 29 September 1968) is an English actor and former drummer in late 1980s band Bros.
 He has appeared in numerous films including "Blade II" (2002) as Jared Nomak, "One Night with the King" (2006) as King Xerxes, "" (2008) as Prince Nuada, "Tekken" (2010) as Steve Fox and "Interview with a Hitman" (2012) as Viktor.
Witchville is a 2010 made-for-television fantasy-adventure film based on witchcraft in a medieval feudal time period, written by John Werner and Amy Krell, and directed by Pearry Reginald Teo.
 The film was released and distributed by Syfy Network and it stars Luke Goss, Sarah Douglas, MyAnna Buring and Eragon star, Ed Speleers.
 The film premiered on 22 May 2010 in the USA via Syfy Channel.
War Pigs is a 2015 American action war film directed by Ryan Little, and starring Luke Goss, Dolph Lundgren, Chuck Liddell, and Mickey Rourke.
Seven Below (US title Seven Below Zero) is a 2012 horror-thriller American film directed by Kevin Carraway starring Val Kilmer, Ving Rhames and Luke Goss in lead roles.
 Despite its similar name, it is not a sequel to the film "Seven".
