The Hyundai Sonata (Korean: 현대 쏘나타 ) is a mid-size car produced by the South Korean manufacturer Hyundai since 1985.
 The first generation Sonata was introduced in 1985, which was a facelifted Stellar with an engine upgrade, and was withdrawn from the market in two years due to poor customer reactions.
 While the original was only sold in South Korea, with limited exports to Canada and New Zealand, the second generation of 1988 was widely exported.
The Palomar Testbed Interferometer (PTI) was a near infrared, long-baseline stellar interferometer located at Palomar Observatory in north San Diego County, California, United States.
 It was built by Caltech and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and was intended to serve as a testbed for developing interferometric techniques to be used at the Keck Interferometer.
 It began operations in 1995 and achieved routine operations in 1998, producing more than 50 refereed papers in a variety of scientific journals covering topics from high precision astrometry to stellar masses, stellar diameters and shapes.
 PTI concluded operations in 2008 and has since been dismantled.
The Hyundai Stellar (Hangul: ) was a mid-size rear-wheel drive automobile produced by the Hyundai Motor Company to succeed the soon to be replaced Ford Cortina that Hyundai were building under licence.
 The Stellar was launched in July 1983.
 The Stellar was designed by Giorgetto Giugiaro, but the chassis from the Cortina Mk V was kept.
The Hyundai Assan Otomotiv San ve Tic.
 A.Ş.
 is an automotive company based in Kozyatagi, Istanbul, Turkey, established at the end of 1994, as a joint venture between the Hyundai Motor Company of South Korea and the Kibar Holding of Turkey.
 It is operating a manufacturing plant located in İzmit, Turkey that was opened in September 1997 and produces Hyundai automobiles and commercial vehicles.
VW Cephei (VW Cep) is an eclipsing contact binary of W Ursae Majoris-type located roughly at 90.6 light years from the Sun, whose two component stars share a common outer layer.
 Because the two components share their outer layers as the components of W Ursae Majoris do, they have the same stellar classification, and are classified as yellow G-type main sequence dwarfs.
 The components take 0.2783 days (roughly 6.7 hours) to revolve around common barycentre.
 Orbital period variations would suggest the presence of one more additional perturbing objects of likely low-mass stellar nature.
The Infrared Optical Telescope Array (IOTA) was a stellar interferometer array.
 IOTA began with an agreement in 1988 among five Institutions, the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, Harvard University, the University of Massachusetts Amherst, the University of Wyoming, and MIT/Lincoln Laboratory, to build a two-telescope stellar interferometer for the purpose of making fundamental astrophysical observations, and also as a prototype instrument on which they could perfect techniques which could later lead to the development of a larger, more powerful array.
 On site construction went on for all 1993 and 1994, with first fringes in December 1993.
 It is located at Fred Lawrence Whipple Observatory.
Gallery Hyundai was founded in 1970, initially located in Insadong, South Korea.
 The founder and president of the gallery, Park Myung-ja introduced modern and contemporary art to the Korean public.
 Many exhibitions were held throughout the past four decades, including paintings by Lee Ufan, Kim Tschangyeul, Kim Whanki, Lee Joongseob, Chung Sanghwa and Park Su-geun.
 Also video artist, Paik Nam June held multiple solo exhibitions at Gallery Hyundai, and in 1990, Paik performed a shamanic ritual called "A pas de Loup de Séoul à Budapest" in the back courtyard of Gallery Hyundai to commemorate Joseph Bueys' death.
 Starting from 1987, Gallery Hyundai started to participate in international art fairs such as Art Chicago (1987-1992, 1996), FIAC (1995, 1996, 1999), Art Basel (1997-2002, 2004), Frieze Masters London (2014) and Frieze New York(2012-2015).
 Gallery Hyundai moved its location to Sagan-dong (Samcheong-ro) in 1975.
 2015 marks Gallery Hyundai's 45th anniversary since its opening.
Hyundai Hysco, or HYSCO is a steel company of Hyundai Motor Group, established in 1975, and headquartered in Ulsan, South Korea.
 They are a manufacturer of automotive steel sheet products and various steel pipes.
 Its corporate office is located in Seoul, and it also operates in Ulsan in South Korea with global operations worldwide.
 Currently, Hyundai Hysco operates a steel pipe facility in Korea, eleven overseas processing centers, and three overseas offices internationally.
The Hyundai Kia R&D Museum was opened in 2007.
 It is located in Hyundai Kia R&D center, Hwaseong Gyeonggi, South Korea.
 It displays significant cars from Hyundai Motors and Kia Motors.
 It has 20 cars on display and 190 cars in storage due to the space reasons.
 It displays some remarkable cars such as Hyundai Pony, Hyundai Stellar, Kia Bongo, Kia Sephia, Kia Elan, Hyundai Porter and Hyundai Accent.
 Hyundai Motors is still looking for its previous models, such as Ford Cortina, which was Hyundai's first production car.
 Hyundai is planning to make Hyundai Motor Museum which is scheduled to open in 2016.
 The museum will be constructed by Hyundai Construction.
The Hyundai Terracan is a mid-size SUV produced by the South Korean manufacturer Hyundai from 2001 to 2007.
 It was based on the Hyundai Highland concept and featured a chassis derived from the second generation Mitsubishi Pajero.
 It was powered by one of two engines: a 2.9 litre inline-four Hyundai J engine, or a 3.5 litre V6 Hyundai Sigma engine.
 The car's name derives from Tarascan, a Mesoamerican empire state was located in west central Mexico.
 The Terracan was replaced by the Hyundai Veracruz.
