Karl Brill was an American football player.
 He played at the tackle position for the Harvard Crimson football team in 1904 and 1905 and was selected as a first-team All-American in 1905.
 As a sophomore in December 1905, Brill announced that he would not continue playing football.
 He said, "I came to Harvard to get a degree as a mining engineer.
 For the last two years 'Varsity football has played havoc with my studies.
 Already I have been forced to drop work in my freshman and sophomore years.
 If I play football again it means that I shall fail to get my degree in four years, and I cannot afford a fifth.
 It's either play football and fail to get a degree or abandon the gridiron and get a degree."
 In addition to the toll the game had taken on his studies, Bill denounced football on moral grounds, stating that the human body was not mean to withstand the strain that football demands and adding, "I don't believe the game is right.
 I dislike it on moral grounds.
 It is a mere gladiatorial combat.
 It is brutal throughout."
Chris Rubio is American trainer of long snappers in American football.
 He works with high school long snappers and evaluates them for college football programs.
 His Rubio’s Long Snapping camp is the longest running in the nation.
 Over the past 12 years, Rubio has helped over 500 long snappers play football in college and the NFL.
 Rubio partners with Chris Sailer, who provides a similar service for placekickers and punters with Chris Sailer Kicking.
 The two were teammates in college with the UCLA Bruins.
Joseph Cale Gundy (born April 10, 1972) is a former American football quarterback who played for the Oklahoma Sooners from 1990 to 1993.
 While at Oklahoma he was a member of Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity.
 After coaching running backs for 16 years at Oklahoma Gundy was promoted to Assistant Head Coach and moved to Inside Receivers for the 2015 season.
 His brother, Mike, is the head football coach at Oklahoma State University.
Indoor soccer, or arena soccer (known internationally as indoor football, minifootball, fast football, floorball or showball), is a game derived from association football adapted for play in a walled indoor arena.
 Indoor soccer, as it is most often known in the United States and Canada, was originally developed in these two countries as a way to play football during the winter months, when snow would make outdoor play difficult.
 In those countries, areas such as hockey rinks or basketball courts are adapted for indoor soccer play.
 In other countries the game is played in either indoor or outdoor arenas surrounded by walls, and is referred to by different names (such as "fast football" (futbol rapido) in Mexico, "showbol" in South America, and "indoor football" (futbol indoor) in Spain).
Frank John Mahoney Jr. (October 25, 1901 – November 21, 1961) was an American football back who played five seasons with the Chicago Cardinals of the National Football League.
 He played college football at Creighton University and attended the Omaha High School of Commerce in Omaha, Nebraska.
 He was a member of the Chicago Cardinals team that were NFL champions in 1925.
 He also played baseball, basketball and participated in track and field.
 Mahoney played for the Chicago Bruins of the American Basketball League.
 He had received an offer to play baseball for the Pittsburgh Pirates but opted to play football for the Chicago Cardinals.
Robert Bruce "Bob" Adams (born August 15, 1946) is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League (NFL) and a spokesperson for the Church of Scientology International.
 He attended El Camino High School during the 1960s, and was encouraged by a coach at the College of San Mateo to play football.
 He played for a single season at the college, during 1966, while participating in other sports at the school including track-and-field and basketball.
 A former coach of the College of San Mateo, Doug Scovil, recruited Adams to the College of the Pacific, where he received a full scholarship to play football there.
 By 1968, he was captain of the team's offense at the school.
Wesley Theodore "Moose" Englehorn (January 21, 1890 – September 3, 1993) was an American football player and coach.
 Born in Helena, Montana, Englehorn first gained fame as a football player for Spokane High School.
 While he was a junior in high school, he was reportedly recruited by Princeton University to come east to play football for the school.
 A newspaper account in 1907 reported: "It is expected that Wesley Englehorn, the giant left tackle of the high school team, will also enter the Eastern college.
 If this materializes the Spokane high school will be weakened next year by the loss of two of its greatest players.
 ... Englehorn is also a strong basket ball player and track athlete."
 Englehorn did not enroll at Princeton and instead played for two years on the All Star Pacific Northwest football and basketball teams.
 He began his collegiate career at Washington State College.
 After playing one year of football at Washington State, Englehorn enrolled at Dartmouth College, where he played two years at the tackle position.
 He was elected team captain for the 1913 season, but he was declared ineligible under "the so-called three-year rule" because of his year at Washington State.
 Though ineligible to play, Englehorn served as the team's assistant coach in 1913 and was elected class president.
 He was selected as a first-team All-American in 1912.
 He graduated from Dartmouth in 1914 and worked as a football coach for several years thereafter.
 From 1914 to 1916, he was the football coach at Case School of Applied Science in Cleveland, Ohio.
 In 1917, he was hired as the line coach and first assistant football coach at Colgate University.
 In 1920, he was an assistant coach under Frank Cavanaugh at Boston College.
 In 1921, he was hired as the head football coach at Amherst College.
 In January 1922, Englehorn announced his retirement from coaching.
 Shortly before his death at age 103, Englehorn said, "It's the football I remember best ... the teammates .
.
 the teamwork."
 Prior to his death in 1993, he was living at Stapeley Hall, a home for the elderly in the Germantown section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was the oldest living All-American football player.
Mike Gundy (born August 12, 1967) is an American football coach and former player.
 He is currently the head football coach at Oklahoma State University.
 Gundy played college football at Oklahoma State, where he played quarterback from 1986 to 1989.
 He became Oklahoma State's coach on January 3, 2005.
 In 2007, he received national media attention for his heated criticism of a newspaper article on one of his players.
Ben Terrence Coates (born August 16, 1969) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League and former CIAA football coach and former NFL tight ends coach.
 Coates didn't play football until his senior year at Greenwood High School, and was a multi-sport player at Livingstone College located in Salisbury, North Carolina.
 As a gridiron player at Livingstone, he broke nearly all meaningful records at the school, but due to his split-sport performances, against weak competition, for a non-notable school, he received little notice outside of the CIAA.
 While a college student, he joined Phi Beta Sigma fraternity through the Upsilon Chapter at Livingstone College.
Mariam Stepanyan (born 22 September 1989) is an Armenian professional footballer.
 She currently plays for Armenia women's national football team.
 Before to start play football she was a player of Armenian National woman's Team of Handball.
 She starts to play football since 2007 in FC Banants.
 Twice Armenian league champion with FC Banants.
 After FC Banants twice was Armenian champion with Yerevan FC G.M and got best defenders title of the season.
