L’Étranger (The Outsider [UK], or The Stranger [US]) is a 1942 novel by French author Albert Camus.
 Its theme and outlook are often cited as examples of Camus' philosophy of the absurd and existentialism, though Camus personally rejected the latter label.
August Mencken Sr. (1854–1899) was the father of writer H. L. Mencken.
 August Mencken founded the "Aug.
 Mencken & Bro."
 cigar factory in 1873 with a starting capital of $44 ($23 of his own money, $21 of his brother's).
 A member of Baltimore's German American community, August was recalled by his son as a high-tariff Republican who ran a nonunion factory and viewed the eight-hour day as ""a project of foreign nihilists to undermine and wreck the American Republic"".
 H. L. also recalled that his father downed a generous tumbler of rye whiskey before every meal, including breakfast.
"The Guest" (French: "L'Hôte" ) is a short story by the French writer Albert Camus.
 It was first published in 1957 as part of a collection entitled "Exile and the Kingdom" ("L'exil et le royaume").
 The French title "L'Hôte" translates into both "the guest" and "the host" which ties back to the relationship between the main characters of the story.
 Camus employs this short tale to reflect upon issues raised by the political situation in French North Africa.
 In particular, he explores the problem of refusing to take sides in the colonial conflict in Algeria, something that mirrors Camus' own non-aligned stance which he had set out in his Nobel Prize acceptance speech.
Herbert Lottman (August 16, 1927, Brooklyn - August 27, 2014, Paris) was an American author who specialized in writing biographies on French subjects.
 An influential biographer, he published 17 biographies, 15 of which were related to French culture, commerce, or politics; including works on Albert Camus, Colette, Gustave Flaubert, Henri Philippe Pétain, Jules Verne, and the Rothschild banking family of France.
 He wrote that, just before dying, Albert Camus was pledged to marry.
 Camus's estate tried to block his book, partly because of this controversial statement.
"The Artist at Work" ("Jonas, ou l'artiste au travail") is a short story by the French writer Albert Camus from "Exile and the Kingdom" ("L'Exil et le royaume").
 It has been described as "a satirical commentary on Camus’ personal experience among
The Rebel (French: "L'Homme révolté" ) is a 1951 book-length essay by Albert Camus, which treats both the metaphysical and the historical development of rebellion and revolution in societies, especially Western Europe.
 Camus relates writers and artists as diverse as Epicurus and Lucretius, Marquis de Sade, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Friedrich Nietzsche, Max Stirner, André Breton, and others in an integrated, historical portrait of man in revolt.
 Examining both rebellion and revolt, which may be seen as the same phenomenon in personal and social frames, Camus examines several 'countercultural' figures and movements from the history of Western thought and art, noting the importance of each in the overall development of revolutionary thought and philosophy.
"Reflections on the Guillotine" is an extended essay written in 1957 by Albert Camus.
 In the essay Camus takes an uncompromising position for the abolition of the death penalty.
 Camus's view is similar to that of Cesare Beccaria and the Marquis de Sade, the latter having also argued that murder premeditated and carried out by the state was the worst kind.
 Camus states that he does not base his argument on sympathy for the convicted but on logical grounds and on proven statistics.
 Camus also argues that capital punishment is an easy option for the government where remedy and reform may be possible.
Marcel J. Mélançon is a Canadian philosopher and scientist.
 He was born in Saint-Barnabé, Quebec, in 1938, and is mostly known for his book on the French philosopher Albert Camus "Albert Camus, An Analysis of his thought" (Albert Camus.
 Analyse de sa pensée).
 He has mostly worked together with the biologist Richard D. Lambert.
The Possessed (in French Les Possédés) is a play written by Albert Camus in 1959.
 The piece is a theatrical adaptation of Fyodor Dostoyevsky's novel "The Possessed", later renamed "Demons".
 Camus despised nihilism and viewed Dostoyevsky's work as a prophecy about nihilism's devastating effects.
 He directed a production of the play at the Théâtre Antoine in 1959, the year before he died, which he financed in part with the money he received with his Nobel Prize.
 It was a critical success as well as an artistic and technical tour de force: 33 actors, 4 hours long, 7 sets, 24 scenes.
 The walls could move sideways to reduce the size of each location and the whole stage rotated to allow for immediate set transformations.
 Camus put the painter and set decorator Mayo, who had already illustrated several of his novels (L'Etranger - 1948 Ed.)
, in charge of the demanding task of designing these multiple and complex theater sets
The Fall (French: La Chute ) is a philosophical novel by Albert Camus.
 First published in 1956, it is his last complete work of fiction.
 Set in Amsterdam, "The Fall" consists of a series of dramatic monologues by the self-proclaimed "judge-penitent" Jean-Baptiste Clamence, as he reflects upon his life to a stranger.
 In what amounts to a confession, Clamence tells of his success as a wealthy Parisian defense lawyer who was highly respected by his colleagues; his crisis, and his ultimate "fall" from grace, was meant to invoke, in secular terms, The Fall of Man in the Garden of Eden.
 "The Fall" explores themes of innocence, imprisonment, non-existence, and truth.
 In a eulogy to Albert Camus, existentialist philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre described the novel as "perhaps the most beautiful and the least understood" of Camus' books.
