Pre's Trail, located on the north side of the Willamette River in Eugene, Oregon, United States, popularly referred to as "Track Town USA", is a four-mile-long running and walking trail named after heralded University of Oregon athlete Steve Prefontaine.
 The woodchip-and-bark trail features riparian scenery, including grasslands, duck ponds, and woods, as well as guide signs with trail maps at each of three primary trailheads.
 Near downtown Eugene, in Alton Baker Park, Pre's Trail is part of an extensive network of running trails in and around the university town and neighboring Springfield.
Gurnee School District 56 is a PK-8 school district located in the northern Lake County village of the school district's namesake: Gurnee, Illinois.
 Gurnee School District 56 is composed of four schools; three schools run in succession to the other, while the other services all nine grades.
 Education in this school district often begins in Spaulding Elementary School, which serves the first and second grades; it also has a prekindergarten program.
 The principal is Dr. Ellen Mauer and the assistant principal is Dr. Cheryl Caesar.
 Spaulding feeds into Prairie Trail School, which educates third, fourth, and fifth graders.
 Kevin Simmons is the school's principal.Sheryl Gray is the assistant principal at Prairie Trail.
 The last section that this branch of the district's education can provide is to sixth, seventh, and eighth graders at Viking Middle School, whose principal is Patrick Jones.
 Viking is renowned for its wonderful drama and arts programs, along with its beautiful architecture.
 Viking Middle feeds into Warren Township High School in Gurnee, Illinois.
 The current Viking School was completed in 1998 after a flood rendered the old building unusable.
The Settlers IV (German: "Die Siedler IV" ), released as The Settlers: Fourth Edition in North America, is a 2001 real-time strategy video game developed by Blue Byte and published by Ubi Soft Entertainment for Microsoft Windows.
 It is the fourth game in "The Settlers" series, following "The Settlers" (1993), "The Settlers II" (1996) and "The Settlers III" (1998).
 In August 2001, Blue Byte released an expansion, "The Settlers IV Mission CD", featuring new single-player campaign missions, new maps for both single-player and online multiplayer modes, a random map generator, and a map editor.
 In December, they released a second expansion, "The Settlers IV: The Trojans and the Elixir of Power" (German: "Die Siedler IV: Die Trojaner und das Elixier der Macht" ), containing new single-player campaigns, and additional single and multiplayer maps.
 In 2002, "The Settlers IV: Gold Edition" was released, containing the original game and both expansions, plus fan-made maps for multiplayer mode, and two minigames.
 In 2009, Gameloft ported the original game to iOS, under the title The Settlers.
 Although featuring updated graphics and utilising touch controls, the gameplay, game mechanics and storyline are identical to the original.
 In 2010, "The Settlers" was released for webOS, specifically optimised for the Palm Pre.
 Gameloft later released HD versions for iPad, bada, Symbian and Android.
 In 2013, the "Gold Edition" was released on GOG.com.
The 2003 SCCA ProRally Season was the 31st season of the SCCA ProRally and won by Manxman David Higgins and co-driver Daniel Barritt.
 Nine rounds were held but the season was overshadowed by a tragic accident at the Oregon Trail Rally in which the 2001 champion Mark Lovell and his co-driver Roger Freeman were killed.
 They were the second and third drives to die in the series, after Jonel Broscanc, who was killed in an accident at the 1992 Susquehannock Trail Performance Rally.
Jones Falls Trail (typically abbreviated JFT) is a hiking and bicycling trail in Baltimore, Maryland.
 It mostly runs along the length of the namesake Jones Falls, a major north–south stream in and north of the city that has long acted as a major transportation corridor for the city.
 It also incorporates the bike path encircling Druid Hill Reservoir and its namesake park.
 The Jones Falls Trail forms a segment of the East Coast Greenway, a partially completed network of off-road bicycling routes that runs the length of the East Coast.
The United States Congress designated the Bell Mountain Wilderness in 1980.
 The wilderness area now has a total of 9027 acre .
 Bell Mountain is located within the Potosi-Fredericktown Ranger District of the Mark Twain National Forest, south of Potosi, Missouri in the United States.
 The wilderness lies in the Saint Francois Mountains and it was named after its highest point, Bell Mountain (elevation: 1,702).
 The namesake Bell Mountain has the name of Henry Bell, a pioneer settler.
 The Bell Mountain Wilderness is one of eight wilderness areas protected and preserved in Missouri.
 The area is popular for hiking as there are 12 mi of trail, including a section of the Ozark Trail.
The Nathan F. Cobb was a three-masted schooner named after the shipbuilder and founder of Cobb’s Salvaging Company whose many rescues of stranded ships help lead to the formation of the United States Life-Saving Service.
 Despite its namesake's history of shipwreck rescues, the "Nathan F. Cobb" capsized in heavy seas on 1 December 1896 en route from Brunswick, Georgia to New York with a cargo of timber and cross ties.
 The cook and a shipmate drowned when they were swept overboard in violent seas.
 The crew righted the vessel by removing the three masts and they drifted for four days until they became grounded on a sandbar off Ormond Beach, Florida.
 Rescue attempts led to the drowning of volunteer Ferd Waterhouse, whose body was never recovered, but no other crew members were lost.
 A plaque commemorates Ferd Waterhouse’s rescue efforts.
 The Cobb Cottage, a structure built using materials salvaged from the ship, is part of Ormond Beach’s Historic Trail.
Monkman Pass, 1061 m (3481 ft), is a mountain pass in the Canadian Rockies, located southwest of the coal-mining town of Tumbler Ridge, British Columbia.
 Located in the Hart Ranges, it is sometimes reckoned as the southern limit of the informal grouping known as the Northern Rockies, although those are sometimes reckoned as extending farther southeast to Mount Ovington and even to Mount Robson.
 Located on the Continental Divide, it is lower than the Yellowhead and Pine Passes.
 In 1937-39, a proposal to build a highway through the route led to a survey exploration, but the route was not completed.
 A highway access from other parts of British Columbia to the Peace Country was not made until much later, with the construction of the John Hart Highway through the Pine Pass; the route is now the Monkman Pass Historical Trail, built in 2006-07 and opened in 2008.
 The pass is at the head of the Murray River and south of the height of land at the head of the Parsnip River, and was discovered by accident by its namesake, Peace River Country fur trapper Alexander Monkman in 1922 who crossed it by sled and dogs.
M-1, commonly known as Woodward Avenue, is a north–south state trunkline highway in the Metro Detroit area of the US state of Michigan.
 The highway, called "Detroit's Main Street", runs from Detroit north-northwesterly to Pontiac.
 It is one of the five principal avenues of Detroit, along with Michigan, Grand River, Gratiot, and Jefferson avenues.
 These streets were platted in 1805 by Judge Augustus B. Woodward, namesake to Woodward Avenue.
 The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) has listed the highway as the Automotive Heritage Trail, an All-American Road in the National Scenic Byways Program.
 It has also been designated a Pure Michigan Byway by the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT), and was also included in the MotorCities National Heritage Area designated by the US Congress in 1998.
The Capital Area Greenbelt is a looping trail located in the area of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
 This 20-mile loop around Pennsylvania's capital city provides visitors and tourists with opportunities to hike, ride bicycles, skate, jog, fish, walk their dogs, enjoy native flora and fauna, and appreciate nature.
 While parts of the trail are shared with roads, most of the loop is a dedicated path.
 The Trail, as it is commonly referred to by locals, passes along the Susquehanna River through Reservoir Park, Riverfront Park, Five Senses Garden, and Wildwood Park and Nature Center.
 In addition to beautiful parks, the Capital Area Greenbelt showcases some historical attractions including the grave site of John Harris Sr. (the namesake of the city of Harrisburg), the Governor's Mansion, and the National Civil War Museum.
