The Walt Disney World Dolphin is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney's Hollywood Studios in the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, next to Disney's BoardWalk Resort area.
 It opened on June 1, 1990 and is joined to its sister hotel, the Walt Disney World Swan (also designed by Graves) by a palm-tree lined covered walkway crossing a lagoon.
 The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company, Tishman Hotel Corporation, MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts.
 The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company, while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife but operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Sheraton Hotels brand.
 The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts; because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only.
Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith is an enclosed launched steel roller coaster at Disney's Hollywood Studios at the Walt Disney World Resort and at the Walt Disney Studios Park in Disneyland Paris (where it is called "Rock 'n' Roller Coaster avec Aerosmith").
 As the attraction's name suggests, the coaster features Aerosmith members, Steven Tyler, Joe Perry, Tom Hamilton, Joey Kramer, and Brad Whitford.
Walt Disney World Quest: Magical Racing Tour is a 2000 go-kart racing video game based on attractions at the Walt Disney World Resort.
 Players compete in races on tracks inspired by attractions such as the Haunted Mansion, Pirates of the Caribbean, Space Mountain and Big Thunder Mountain Railroad to acquire missing parts for the park's fireworks machine, which was accidentally destroyed by Chip 'n' Dale while they were gathering acorns.
 The game was developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Eidos Interactive.
 The Game Boy Color version was developed by Prolific Publishing.
Space Mountain is an indoor dark outer space-themed steel roller coaster at the Magic Kingdom theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.
 Opened on January 15, 1975, Space Mountain is the oldest operating roller coaster in the state of Florida, and is the original version of the iconic attraction that has since been replicated at all of The Walt Disney Company's Magic Kingdom-style theme parks worldwide, except for the Shanghai Disneyland Resort.
 RCA helped fund Space Mountain's construction and sponsored the ride from 1975 to 1993; FedEx sponsored Space Mountain from 1994 to 2004.
White Cyclone (ホワイトサイクロン , Howaito Saikuron ) is a wooden roller coaster at Nagashima Spa Land in Mie Prefecture, Japan.
 At 1700 m in length, White Cyclone is the third longest wooden roller coaster in the world, and is the longest wooden roller coaster outside of the United States.
 Despite its length, White Cyclone is still considerably shorter than the 2479 m Steel Dragon 2000, the world's longest steel roller coaster, which is also at Nagashima Spa Land.
 In addition to being the third longest wooden roller coaster, White Cyclone is the seventh tallest wooden roller coaster in the world and the fourth tallest wooden roller coaster outside the United States.
 A single ride on the White Cyclone costs ¥1,000 (approximately $9 USD), and the ride is restricted to those individuals above 1.3 m in height; and those individuals under 54 years of age.
Primeval Whirl is a steel wild mouse roller coaster at Disney's Animal Kingdom at the Walt Disney World Resort.
 The ride is a spinning roller coaster purchased from Reverchon Industries.
 The ride is part of Chester and Hester's Dino-Rama, which is itself part of DinoLand U.S.A. It is a roller coaster in the "Mild But Wild Thrills" category.
 It has cars that spin in circles while traveling on tracks, permitting the ride experience to vary greatly each time it is ridden.
 The ride features 13 cars, each seating up to 4 riders.
Space Mountain (known as Hyperspace Mountain from 2015 to 2017) is an indoor, space-themed roller coaster in Tomorrowland at Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
 Opened on May 27, 1977, it was the second roller coaster built at Disneyland, and was the second of the five versions of Space Mountain built by The Walt Disney Company.
 Its exterior façade is one of Disneyland's four "mountain" structures that serve as park landmarks.
Millennium Force is a steel roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio, United States.
 It was the fourteenth roller coaster to be built at the park since Blue Streak opened in 1964.
 Upon completion in 2000, Millennium Force broke six world records and was the world's first Giga Coaster, a roller coaster that exceeds 300 ft in height and completes a full circuit.
 It was briefly the tallest and fastest in the world until Steel Dragon 2000 opened later the same year.
 The ride is also the third-longest roller coaster in North America after The Beast at Kings Island and Fury 325 at Carowinds.
 It was the first roller coaster to use a cable lift system rather than a traditional chain lift.
 The coaster has a 310 ft , 45-degree lift hill with a 300 ft drop and features two tunnels, three overbanked turns, and four hills.
 It has a top speed of 93 mph .
Space Mountain is the name of a space-themed indoor roller coaster attraction located at five of the Magic Kingdom-style Disney Parks (all except for Shanghai Disneyland Park).
 Although all five versions of the attraction are different in nature, all have a similar domed exterior façade that is a landmark for the respective park.
 The first Space Mountain ride opened in 1975 at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida, and similar attractions were then eventually built at the other Disney parks.
The World Match Racing Tour is an annual match racing tour and World Championship in the match racing event of sailing.
 The World Match Racing Tour has "special event"-status from the International Sailing Federation.
 The Tour awards over US$1.5 million in prize money, with points awarded at each event culminating in the crowning of the ISAF Match Racing World Champion.
 A US$500,000 overall prize pool for the Championship is now on offer.
