"Pure Grinding / For a Better Day" is a two-track extended play by Swedish music producer and DJ Avicii, containing the tracks "Pure Grinding" and "For a Better Day".
 The extended play was released on 28 August 2015 through PRMD onto popular music platforms such as Amazon, iTunes, Spotify, the Google Play Store and many more.
 "Pure Grinding" features songwriting and vocals from Kristoffer Fogelmark and Earl St. Clair, whereas folk singer Alex Ebert provides the vocals on "For a Better Day".
Once Upon a Time is the sixth studio album of country/bluegrass singer Marty Stuart.
 The album is mostly acoustic, featuring mainly bluegrass songs and Marty Stuart's mandolin.
 It is a retrospective of Stuart's teenage work during his time with Lester Flatt and Nashville Grass; the "All Music Guide to Country" describes the album as "certainly a special compilation" of a "true musical treasure" that "documents the early years and provides a glimpse into the development of an artist of character and quality."
"All I Need" is a song by French music group Air from their debut album "Moon Safari" (1998).
 The song was written by group members Nicolas Godin and Jean-Benoît Dunckel, along with American singer Beth Hirsch, who provides vocals on the song.
 Production of the song was handled by the former two.
 The song was released as the third single from "Moon Safari" on 9 November 1998.
"Lay Me Down" is a song by Swedish producer Avicii.
 Written by Avicii, Ash Pournouri, Nile Rodgers and Adam Lambert, the track appears on Avicii's debut studio album, "True" (2013).
 American singer-songwriter Adam Lambert also provides vocals for the track, while Nile Rodgers provides guitar backing.
 The track was released as the fifth single from his album on April 21, 2014.
 The song is featured in a 2014 commercial for Lipton Ice Tea.
 The music video shows Avicii performing the song live during his True Tour.
 However, Adam Lambert and Nile Rodgers does not appear in the video.
 The song is written in the key of A Minor.
"Wake Me Up" (stylised as "WAKE ME UP!")
 is a song by Swedish DJ and electronic music producer Avicii, released as the lead single from his debut studio album "True", released on CD and cassette by PRMD Music, Lava Records and Sony Music's Columbia Records on June 17, 2013.
 American soul singer Aloe Blacc provides vocals for the track and Mike Einziger of Incubus provides acoustic guitar.
 Avicii introduced "Wake Me Up!"
 for the first time live on stage at the Ultra Music Festival in Miami.
 The experimental rendering (it was accompanied by a live band with instruments and vocalists, including Blacc, Einziger and Incubus members Ben Kenney on bass and José Pasillas on drums) reportedly confused and angered a section of the electronic dance festival community.
 Subsequently, Avicii achieved critical and commercial success with the release of the single worldwide.
Larry Sparks (born September 25, 1947) is an American Bluegrass singer and guitarist.
 He was the winner of the 2004 and 2005 International Bluegrass Music Association Male Vocalist of the Year Award.
 2005, won IBMA for Album of the Year and Recorded Event of the Year for his album "40," celebrating his 40th year(2003) in bluegrass music.
"The Nights" is a song by Swedish DJ and music producer Avicii.
 It features uncredited vocals by Nicholas Furlong, who co-wrote the song with Jordan Suecof, Gabriel Benjamin, and John Feldmann.
 On 1 December 2014, it was released as a digital download by PRMD Music and Universal Island on Avicii's "The Days / Nights", then on 11 January 2015 in the United Kingdom.
 The song peaked at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart and number 1 on the UK Dance Chart.
 On 23 January 2015, Avicii released "The Nights (Avicii by Avicii)", his own remix of the song.
 The song appears on the UK version of Avicii's second studio album "Stories" (2015).
True is the debut studio album by Swedish DJ Avicii.
 It was released on 13 September 2013 on compact disc and audio cassette through PRMD Music, Lava Records and Sony Music Entertainment's Columbia Records.
 Avicii said that sonically, the album would move away from his electronic dance and house music sound on previous records, by incorporating elements of other genres such as country music.
 "True" was preceded by the release of the Aloe Blacc-assisted and Aileen Marie Quinn-written "Wake Me Up!
" that featured a rare Marantz Enhanced Digital Stereo audio track and topped several charts around the world, and "You Make Me", which features vocals from Swedish artist Salem Al Fakir.
"Somewhere in the Vicinity of the Heart" is a song written by Bill LaBounty and Rick Chudacoff, and recorded by American country music band Shenandoah with a guest vocal from bluegrass singer Alison Krauss.
 It was released in November 1994 as the first single from Shenandoah's album "In the Vicinity of the Heart", its only release for Liberty Records.
 The song was a Top Ten country hit in 1995, winning a Grammy Award and a Country Music Association award for both acts.
"Hey Brother" is a dance song by Swedish DJ and producer Avicii from his debut studio album, "True" (2013).
 American bluegrass singer Dan Tyminski provides vocals for the track.
 It was written by Avicii, Ash Pournouri, Salem Al Fakir, Vincent Pontare and Veronica Maggio.
 "Hey Brother" sees Avicii giving his brother advice.
