Icos Corporation (trademark ICOS) was an American biotechnology company and the largest biotechnology company in the U.S. state of Washington, before it was sold to Eli Lilly and Company in 2007.
 It was founded in 1989 by David Blech, Isaac Blech, Robert Nowinski, and George Rathmann, a pioneer in the industry and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and co-founder of Amgen, Icos focused on the development of drugs to treat inflammatory disorders.
 During its 17-year history, the company conducted clinical trials of twelve drugs, three of which reached the last phase of clinical trials.
 Icos also manufactured antibodies for other biotechnology companies.
Commercial Solvents Corporation (CSC) was an American chemical and biotechnology company created in 1919.
Pascal Brandys (born 30 November 1958 in Roanne) is a French engineer and entrepreneur.
 He is a graduate of the École Polytechnique and received his M.S. in Economic Systems from Stanford University in 1982.
 He began his career in venture capital first in Tokyo and then in London, where he contributed to the first wave of biotechnology companies in Europe.
 He was the former president and founder of Genset Corporation, which became the European flagship in the field of genomics and at some point the second largest biotechnology company in Europe.
 He was also a co-founder and former president of France Biotech, the trade association of biotechnology companies in France.
 In 2001 he co-founded the biotechnology holding company Biobank in San Diego.
Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited (第一三共株式会社 , Daiichi Sankyō Kabushiki-kaisha ) is a global pharmaceutical company and the second largest pharmaceutical company in Japan.
 It achieved JPY 1,148.2 billion in revenue in 2013.
 The company owns the American biotechnology company Plexxikon, the German biotechnology company U3 Pharma and recently sold Ranbaxy Laboratories in India.
 Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd. is the producer of Benicar (Olmesartan), an angiotensin II receptor antagonist and top selling drug in the U.S. Global sales of Olmesartan in 2013 were 300.2 billion yen.
William Davis Ticknor I (August 6, 1810 – April 10, 1864) was an American publisher in Boston, Massachusetts, USA, and a founder of the publishing house Ticknor and Fields.
Manteia Predictive Medicine S.A. (initially incorporated under the name "GenInEx S.A.") was a start-up company created in November 2000 as a spin-off of Serono, a Swiss-based biotechnology company, now part of Merck-Serono, and private founders.
 Its aim was to provide preventive and curative treatment guidelines for common and complex diseases.
 These guidelines were envisaged as composed of two parts:
John F. Milligan, Ph.D. is the CEO of Gilead Sciences, a biotechnology company based in the United States since March 2016.
 He was previously appointed President of the company and has maintained that role since May 2008.
 He has held various other positions during his tenure with Gilead which includes COO and CFO and originally joined the biotechnology company back in 1990 as a research scientist.
 He was the 32nd employee hired by the company.
 Milligan inherited his current role as CEO when former CEO John C. Martin was appointed to Executive Chairman.
William Davis Ticknor, Sr. (January 11, 1881 – March 24, 1938) was president and chairman of the board of Commercial Solvents Corporation.
 He was also president of Commercial Pigments Corporation.
Sanofi Genzyme is an American biotechnology company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
 Since its acquisition in 2011, Genzyme has been a fully owned subsidiary of Sanofi.
 In 2010, Genzyme was the world’s third-largest biotechnology company which employed more than 11,000 people around the world.
 As a subsidiary of Sanofi, Genzyme has a presence in approximately 65 countries, including 17 manufacturing facilities and 9 genetic-testing laboratories.
 Its products are also sold in 90 countries.
 In 2007, Genzyme generated $3.8 billion in revenue with more than 25 products in the market.
 In 2006 and 2007, Genzyme was named one of Fortune Magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work for”.
 The company donated $83 million worth of products worldwide; in 2006, it made $11 million in cash donations.
 In 2005, Genzyme was awarded the National Medal of Technology, the highest level of honor awarded by the president of the United States to America’s leading innovators.
Peptech Limited used to be an Australian biotechnology company listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX).
 Peptech described its operations as "...an ASX-listed Australian biotechnology company dedicated to developing and providing antibody and peptide-based human therapeutic products for the treatment of diseases in the areas of cancer and inflammation and products for fertility control in animals."
  The company changed its name to Arana Therapeutics in November 2007 and was subject of a successful takeover bid by Cephalon at the end of 2009.
