Little Men, or Life at Plumfield with Jo's Boys, is a novel by American author Louisa May Alcott, first published in 1871.
 The novel reprises characters from "Little Women" and is considered by some the second book in an unofficial "Little Women" trilogy, which is completed with Alcott's 1886 novel "Jo's Boys, and How They Turned Out: A Sequel to "Little Men"".
 It tells the story of Jo Bhaer and the children at Plumfield Estate School.
 It was inspired by the death of Alcott's brother-in-law, which reveals itself in one of the last chapters, when a beloved character from "Little Women" passes away.
 It has been adapted to a 1934 film, a 1940 film, a 1998 film, a television series, and a .
Little Women: Atlanta (often abbreviated to Little Women: ATL) is an American reality television series that debuted on January 27, 2016, on Lifetime.
 It is the spin-off series of .
 The series chronicles the lives of little women who are friends living in Atlanta, Georgia.
 The second season premiered on July 13, 2016.
 The third season premiered on January 4, 2017 with two new main cast members, Samantha Ortiz and Tanya Scott who replaced Emily Fernandez and Bri Barlup who moved to Dallas, and are currently starring in ""
Passport Husband is a 1938 American comedy film directed by James Tinling and written by Karen DeWolf and Robert Chapin.
 The film stars Stuart Erwin, Pauline Moore, Douglas Fowley, Joan Woodbury, Robert Lowery and Harold Huber.
 The film was released on July 15, 1938, by 20th Century Fox.
Little Women, also known as Little Women's Four Sisters (若草の四姉妹 , Wakakusa no Yon Shimai ) or From "Little Women Story": Little Women's Four Sisters (「若草物語」より 若草の四姉妹 , "Wakakusa Monogatari" Yori: Wakakusa no Yon Shimai ) , is a 1981 Japanese animated television series adaptation of Louisa May Alcott's "Little Women".
 The series is directed by Kazuya Miyazaki (a veteran Toei director whose credits included "Cutie Honey" and "UFO Robo Grendizer" among others) and produced by Toei Animation for the Kokusai Eigasha (Movie International) company.
Cow Country is a 1953 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Adele Buffington and Thomas W. Blackburn.
 The film stars Edmond O'Brien, Helen Westcott, Robert Lowery, Barton MacLane, Peggie Castle, Robert Barrat and James Millican.
 The film was released on April 26, 1953, by Allied Artists Pictures.
I Cover Big Town is a 1947 American drama film directed by William C. Thomas and written by Maxwell Shane.
 The film stars Phillip Reed, Hillary Brooke, Robert Lowery, Robert Shayne, Mona Barrie and Vince Barnett.
 The film was released on February 27, 1947, by Paramount Pictures, and was the second in the "Big Town" series of films.
The list of "Miami Vice" guest appearances is a list of actors/actresses to have appeared on the popular 1980s American television series, "Miami Vice".
 The show included actors and actresses as well as musicians, celebrities, and athletes.
 Throughout the show's run most guest actors/actresses appeared once, while others appeared multiple times.
 At that time these actors and actresses were mostly unknown when they first guest appeared on the show, now they are some of the most widely known actors, actresses, and celebrities.
Jungle Flight is a 1947 American adventure film directed by Sam Newfield and written by Whitman Chambers.
 The film stars Robert Lowery, Ann Savage, Barton MacLane, Douglas Fowley, Robert Kent and Curt Bois.
 The film was released on August 22, 1947, by Paramount Pictures.
Jean Parker (born Lois Mae Green, August 11, 1915 – November 30, 2005) was an American film and stage actress.
 She landed her first screen test while still in high school.
 She acted opposite such well-known actors as Katharine Hepburn, Robert Donat, Edward G. Robinson, Randolph Scott and Laurel and Hardy.
 She was married four times and had one son, Robert Lowery Hanks.
Tales of Little Women (愛の若草物語 , Ai no Wakakusa Monogatari , "Love's Tale of Young Grass") , also simply known as Little Women, is a 1987 Japanese animated television series adaptation of Louisa May Alcott's "Little Women", produced by Nippon Animation.
