"The Quick and the Wed" is the fifteenth episode of the second season of the American mystery television series "Veronica Mars", and the thirty-seventh episode overall.
 Written by John Serge and directed by Rick Rosenthal, the episode premiered on UPN on March 22, 2006.
Margene "Margie" Heffman is a character on "Big Love", the fictional HBO television series set among contemporary polygamists in Utah.
 The role is played by Ginnifer Goodwin.
 The show focuses on the family of Bill Henrickson; Margene is the third of Henrickson's three wives, and the biological mother of three of Henrickson's children: Aaron, Lester, and Nell.
I Had Three Wives is an American comedy-drama television series that aired on CBS from August 14 to September 11, 1985.
 The series' lead was Victor Garber in his first starring role on television.
"I Wed Three Wives" is an episode of the American television detective series "Hawaiian Eye".
Nicolette Eugenia "Nicki" Grant is a character in "Big Love", the HBO television series set among contemporary polygamists in Utah.
 The role is played by Chloë Sevigny.
 The show focuses on the family of Bill Henrickson; Nicki is the second of Henrickson's three wives, and the biological mother to two of Henrickson's children, Wayne and Raymond.
"Big Love", an American drama television series created by Mark V. Olsen and Will Scheffer, premiered on HBO March 12, 2006.
 The series revolves around Bill Henrickson (Bill Paxton), a polygamist living in Sandy, Utah with his three wives, Barb (Jeanne Tripplehorn), Nicki (Chloë Sevigny) and Margene (Ginnifer Goodwin) and their children.
 Bill struggles to maintain a happy family life whilst keeping their illegal lifestyle a secret.
 "Big Love" aired its fifty-third and final episode on March 20, 2011.
Mob Wives Chicago was an American reality television series on VH1 that premiered on June 10, 2012, and is a spin-off of VH1's New York-based "Mob Wives", with a new cast based in Chicago, Illinois.
 The introduction for the show was filmed on March 7, 2012, behind Chicago's Cassidy Tire on Canal Street.
 The first promo for the show aired on April 29, 2012, during an episode of the original series.
 A preview special of the series aired on May 27, 2012, after the second season "Mob Wives" reunion special.
Haroldson Lafayette "H. L." Hunt Jr. (February 17, 1889 – November 29, 1974), known throughout his life as H. L. Hunt, was a Texas oil tycoon and conservative Republican political activist.
 By trading poker winnings for oil rights, he ultimately secured title to much of the East Texas Oil Field, one of the world's largest oil deposits.
 From it and his other acquisitions, he accrued a fortune that was among the world's largest; at the time of his death, he was reputed to have the highest net worth of any individual in the world.
 His personal life, which featured many children by three wives, was among the chief inspirations for the television series "Dallas", whose most famous character J. R. Ewing was largely based on popular perceptions of Hunt.
Teri Copley (born May 10, 1961) is an American actress and model.
 She is known for role on the American NBC/syndicated television series "We Got It Made" which premiered in 1983, and she subsequently co-starred on the 1985 CBS television series "I Had Three Wives".
 She appeared in the 1984 television film "I Married a Centerfold" and the 1992 film "Brain Donors".
 She posed nude and was the cover girl for "Playboy" for the November 1990 issue.
 In the 1990s Copley became a born-again Christian and slowly eased her way out of celebrity Hollywood.
The Moxy Show (also known as The Moxy Pirate Show and The Moxy & Flea Show), is an American animated anthology television series produced by Turner Production for Cartoon Network.
 The show ran on December 5, 1993, originally as "The Moxy Pirate Show", and consisted of classic cartoons divided by 3-D animated interstitials featuring Moxy and Flea, respectively a dog and a flea.
 The show ran on Cartoon Network from December 5, 1993 to April 1, 2000 including reruns apparently, but the last ever episode was made in 1995, that being the sole episode for "The Moxy & Flea Show".
 It is considered the first original series on Cartoon Network, but "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" was Cartoon Network's first fully produced series.
