Alan Henry Spenner (7 May 1948 – 11 August 1991) was an English bass player who performed with Wynder K. Frog, The Grease Band, Spooky Tooth, ABC, David Coverdale, David Soul, Joe Cocker, Lynda Carter, Peter Frampton, Ted Nugent, Mick Taylor, China Crisis, Murray Head, Kokomo, Roxy Music, and played on the original 1970 concept album "Jesus Christ Superstar".
Tête à Tête is the twelfth studio album by Murray Head.
 It was released on March 5, 2007.
 His daughter Sophie sings a duet with him on the first song "Seras-tu là ?"
.
"Come All You Fair and Tender Ladies" (a.k.a. "Tiny Sparrow" or "Little Sparrow") (Roud #451) is an American folk music ballad, originating from the Appalachian region.
 It has been recorded under either of its two title variations by numerous artists, including The Carter Family, Pete Seeger, Joan Baez, Odetta, Peter, Paul and Mary, The Kingston Trio, Leon Bibb, Makem and Clancy, Emmylou Harris, Bob Dylan, Dave Van Ronk, The Rankin Family, The Country Gentlemen, Murray Head and Dolly Parton.
 The title of the song varies from recording to recording and prior to the 1960s, the song was usually known as "Tiny Sparrow" or "Little Sparrow".
 Some versions substituted the "Sparrow" with "Swallow," another form of species of bird.
 (SOURCE: Pete Seeger version of the song).
 In more recent times, the song's title sometimes finds "Maidens" substituted for "Ladies," and "Come All Ye" or "Come All You" sometimes omitted.
The 1970 World Sportscar Championship season was the 18th season of FIA World Sportscar Championship motor racing.
 It featured the 1970 International Championship for Makes and the 1970 International Cup for GT Cars, which were contested concurrently from 31 January to 11 October over a ten race series.
 The International Championship for Makes, which was open to Group 6 Sports-Prototypes, Group 5 Sports Cars and Group 4 Special GT Cars, was won by German manufacturer Porsche.
 The International Cup for GT Cars was also won by Porsche.
Irene Cara Escalera (born March 18, 1959) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
 She sang and co-wrote the international hit song 'Flashdance... What a Feeling' (from the movie "Flashdance"), for which she won an Academy Award for Best Original Song and a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 1984.
 She is also known for playing the role of Coco Hernandez in the 1980 film "Fame", and for recording the film's title song 'Fame', which became an international hit.
 Cara also played the title character Sparkle Williams in the 1976 film "Sparkle".
"Say It Ain't So, Joe" is a song written and performed by Murray Head.
 The song was released on Head's second studio album "Say It Ain't So", and was also released as a single in 1975.
"One Night in Bangkok" is a song from the concept album and subsequent musical "Chess" by Tim Rice, Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus.
 It was originally rapped by the British actor and singer Murray Head (verses) and sung by the Swedish singer and songwriter Anders Glenmark (choruses).
Vinylshakerz (also known as Vanguard prior to 2005) were a German tech house/electro house act, formed in 2004 and best known for the 2005 remix of the Murray Head hit "One Night in Bangkok".
 The producers have also remixed material for other artists, mainly for dance compilation CDs.
Robert Joseph "Bob" Weston (1 November 1947 – 3 January 2012) was a British musician who had a brief role as guitarist and songwriter with the rock band Fleetwood Mac in the early 1970s.
 He also recorded and performed with a number of other musicians, including Graham Bond, Long John Baldry, Murray Head, Sandy Denny and Danny Kirwan.
Helen Shingler (born 19 August 1919) is a British film actress, widow of Seafield Laurence Stewart Murray Head, mother of actor/singer Murray Head, and actor Anthony Stewart Head and the grandmother of Kathryn and Sophie Head and actresses Emily and Daisy Head.
