Baraki Barak is a town and the center of Baraki Barak District, Logar Province, Afghanistan.
 It was also the former capital of Logar Province.
 The town is in a mountainous area in the valley of the Logar River.
 The main road Ghazni-Kabul passes about 20 km to the West of the town.
Baraki is a district in Algiers Province, Algeria.
 It was named after its capital, Baraki.
The Baraki Barak airstrike was a coalition airstrike that occurred on August 26, 2011 in Eastern Afghanistan.
 Six Afghan civilians from the same family were killed in the air strike in the Baraki Barak district of Logar province, Afghanistan.
 Four insurgents and three Afghan army members were also killed.
Baraki Barak District is situated in the western part of Logar Province, Afghanistan.
 It borders Wardak Province to the west and northwest, Pul-i-Alam District to the north and east and Kharwar and Charkh districts to the south.
 The population is 101,000(2006).
 The district center is the town of Baraki Barak - the former provincial capital, located in the northern part of the district in the valley of the Logar River.
 Baraki Rajan is another important town of this district which lies 4 km away from district center.
Lunda Norte is a province of Angola.
 It has an area of 103,760 km² and a population of 862,566.
 Angola's first President, Agostino Neto, made Lucapa the provincial capital after independence, but the capital was later moved to Dundo.
 The province borders the Democratic Republic of Congo in the northeast and Lunda Sul in the south.
 Municipalities in this province include Capemba-Camulemba, Caumbo, Caungula, Chitato, Cuango, Cuilo, Lubalo, Lucapa, and Shah-Muteba.
 The province is rich in gold and diamonds, but remains vastly underdeveloped and impoverished.
 UNITA used the money generated from the sale of diamonds to fund war efforts.
 Cuango River valley, the richest diamond area of Angola is located in the province.
 Mining is done by notable companies like DeBeers and Endiama.
 The Lunda province whose capital was Saurimo was created by the Portuguese colonial empire on July 13, 1895.
 It was divided into Lunda-Sul and Lunda-Norte subdivisions through a constitution act in 1978 by the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) government.
 Iron and manganese mining are also important economic activities.
 It is well known for its sculptures.
 The most notable one is The Thinker ("O Pensador"), a sculpture of a man holding his head.
 It is rich in terms of flora and fauna.
Baraki Rajan (Dari/Pashtun: برکی راجان) is a town within the Baraki Barak District of Logar Province, Afghanistan.
 Baraki Rajan lies approximately 3 km south of the town of Baraki Barak, the capital of the Baraki Barak District.
 Baraki Rajan is the location of the largest bazaar in the Baraki Barak District, with over 1,200 shops and businesses, with a 50+ bed hospital near the town center, making Baraki Rajan an important center for commerce within the District.
The Kathiawar Agency, on the Kathiawar peninsula (Saurashtra lying between 20° 41′ and 23° 8′ N. and 68° 56′ and 72° 20′ E.; extreme length about 220 miles, greatest breadth about 165 miles, area about 23,445 square miles, and its 1001 population 2,645,805) in the western part of the Indian subcontinent, was a political unit of some 200 small princely states under the suzerainty of the Bombay Presidency of British India, now part of Gujarat state.
 About 1,245 square miles, with 173,436 persons, belonged to the Gaikwar; about 1,298 square miles, with 128,559 persons, to Ahmadabad District; about 20 square miles, with 14,614 persons, to the Portuguese possession of Diu; while the vast remainder (area 20,882 square miles and population 2,329,196) was the territory forming the Political Agency.
FOB Shank (IATA: OAA, ICAO: OASH , also known as Firebase Shank) is a "forward operating base" of the U.S. military, located in the Logar province of Eastern Afghanistan, about 12 km south-east of the city of Baraki Barak.
The Maseed, Mahsūd (Pashto: مسید، محسود‎ ), also spelled Māsīd (Pashto: ماسيد‎ ), is a Karlani Pashtun tribe inhabiting parts of the South Waziristan Agency in Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.
 A number of Maseed lineages are settled in the Logar Province of Afghanistan, especially in Charkh District, Baraki barak and Muhammad Agha, but also in Wardak, Ghazni and Kunduz Provinces.
 The Maseeds inhabit the center and north of South Waziristan valley, surrounded on three sides by the Darweshkhel Wazirs, and being shut off by the Bettanis on the east from the Derajat and Bannu districts.
 Two Pashtun tribes, the Ahmadzai Wazirs and the Maseeds, inhabit and dominate South Waziristan.
 Within the heart of Maseed territory in South Waziristan lies the influential Ormur (Burki) tribe's stronghold of Kaniguram.
 The Ormurs are considered by other tribes of South Waziristan to be close brethren of the Maseeds due to marital and other ties and the fact that the Ormurs have lived in and controlled Kaniguram for over a thousand years.
 There are also some Maseeds living in the UAE, Germany and the United Kingdom.
A Camptown, in the country of Lesotho, refers to a district capital for one of the ten districts of Lesotho.
 The largest camptown is the city of Maseru in Maseru District.
 Camptowns are usually commerce hubs for the district and are the location for the central government offices for the district.
 Camptowns usually take the same name as the district in which they are located.
 For example, as mentioned the camptown for Maseru is Maseru but also the camptown for Thaba-Tseka District is Thaba-Tseka.
 The exceptions to this rule are Berea District whose capital is called Teyateyaneng, Quthing District whose capital is called Moyeni and Leribe District whose capital is most often called Hlotse.
