Frederick Charles "Fred" Willard (born September 18, 1939) is an American actor, comedian, voice actor and writer, best known for his improvisational comedy.
 He is known for his roles in the Rob Reiner mockumentary film "This Is Spinal Tap", the Christopher Guest mockumentary films "Waiting for Guffman", "Best in Show", "A Mighty Wind", "For Your Consideration", and "Mascots", and the "" films.
 He is an alumnus of The Second City.
 He received three Emmy nominations for his recurring role on the TV series "Everybody Loves Raymond" as Robert Barone's father-in-law, Hank MacDougall.
 In 2010 he received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series for his role on the ABC TV series "Modern Family" as Phil Dunphy's father, Frank Dunphy.
Frederick Allan "Rick" Moranis (born April 18, 1953) is a Canadian-American actor, comedian, screenwriter, producer, musician, and songwriter.
 He is currently on film acting hiatus.
 He came to prominence in the sketch comedy series "Second City Television" ("SCTV") in the 1980s and later appeared in several Hollywood films, including "Strange Brew" (1983), "Ghostbusters" (1984), "Spaceballs" (1987), "Little Shop of Horrors" (1986), "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" (1989, and its 1992 and 1997 sequels), "Parenthood" (1989), "My Blue Heaven" (1990), and "The Flintstones" (1994).
The following is a list of episodes for the television series "Second City Television" ("SCTV").
Don Caballero was an American math rock group from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 The group took its name from the character Guy Caballero, portrayed by Joe Flaherty, on the sketch comedy show "Second City Television".
 In "SCTV's" parody of the film "The Godfather", Guy Caballero is called "Don Caballero".
"The Simpsons" includes a large array of supporting characters: co-workers, teachers, family friends, extended relatives, townspeople, local celebrities, fictional characters within the show, and even animals.
 The writers originally intended many of these characters as one-time jokes or for fulfilling needed functions in the town.
 A number of them have gained expanded roles and have subsequently starred in their own episodes.
 According to the creator of "The Simpsons", Matt Groening, the show adopted the concept of a large supporting cast from the Canadian sketch comedy show "Second City Television".
Along with the Simpson family, "The Simpsons" includes a large array of characters: co-workers, teachers, family friends, extended relatives, townspeople, local celebrities, and as well as fictional characters.
 The creators originally intended many of these characters as one-time jokesters or for fulfilling needed functions in the town.
 A number of them have gained expanded roles and subsequently starred in their own episodes.
 According to creator Matt Groening, the show adopted the concept of a large supporting cast from the Canadian sketch comedy show "Second City Television".
Julie Fulton (born April 10, 1959 in Evanston, Illinois) is an American actress of stage and screen.
 Perhaps best known for her role as astronaut Judith Resnick in the movie about the shuttle disaster Challenger, she also originated roles as a regular on Robert Wagner 's Lime Street and for playing several characters in the Summer variety "The Dave Thomas Comedy Show" consisting of comedy sketches and shown on Second City Television (SCT) debuting May 28, 1990.
 Her acting credits include originating roles for stage at Yale Repertory theatre, South Coast Repertory theatre, Los Angeles and New York.
John Franklin Candy (October 31, 1950 – March 4, 1994) was a Canadian actor and comedian known mainly for his work in Hollywood films.
 Candy rose to fame as a member of the Toronto branch of the Second City and its related "Second City Television" series, and through his appearances in such comedy films as "Stripes", "Splash", "Cool Runnings", "Summer Rental", "The Great Outdoors", "Spaceballs", and "Uncle Buck", as well as more dramatic roles in "Only the Lonely" and "JFK".
 One of his most renowned onscreen performances was as Del Griffith, the loquacious, on-the-move shower-curtain ring salesman in the John Hughes comedy "Planes, Trains and Automobiles".
Edith Prickley was a character in all six seasons of the Canadian sketch comedy series "SCTV".
 Created and played by Andrea Martin, the character took over as the station manager for the fictional television station Second City Television, based out of a city called Melonville, and serving the "tri-city area".
 Her character, visibly distinct by her leopard-print clothing and hat, and rhinestone studded glasses, served the station's president and owner, Guy Caballero.
Catherine Anne O'Hara {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born March 4, 1954) is a Canadian-American actress, writer, and comedian.
 She is known for her comedy work on "Second City Television" (1976–84) and in films such as "After Hours" (1985), "Beetlejuice" (1988), "Home Alone" (1990), "" (1992), and "The Nightmare Before Christmas" (1993).
 Her other film appearances include the mockumentary films written and directed by Christopher Guest: "Waiting for Guffman" (1996), "Best in Show" (2000), "A Mighty Wind" (2003), and "For Your Consideration" (2006).
