Dorothy Fields (July 15, 1905 – March 28, 1974) was an American librettist and lyricist.
 She wrote over 400 songs for Broadway musicals and films.
 Her best-known pieces include "The Way You Look Tonight", "A Fine Romance", "On the Sunny Side of the Street", "Don't Blame Me", "Pick Yourself Up", "I'm in the Mood for Love" and "You Couldn't Be Cuter" Throughout her career, she collaborated with various influential figures in the American musical theater, including Jerome Kern, Cy Coleman, Irving Berlin, and Jimmy McHugh.
 Along with Ann Ronell, Dana Suesse, Bernice Petkere, and Kay Swift, she was one of the first successful Tin Pan Alley and Hollywood female songwriters.
All My Hits/Todos Mis Éxitos Vol.
 2 is the sixth compilation album by American Tejano music singer Selena Quintanilla-Pérez.
 The album was released posthumously as the followup to "All My Hits/Todos Mis Éxitos" (1999) on February 29, 2000 by EMI Latin.
 It was nominated for Best Latin Greatest Hits Album of the Year at the 2001 "Billboard" Latin Music Awards.
Michael Korie is an American librettist and lyricist whose writing for musical theater and opera includes the musicals "Grey Gardens" and "Far From Heaven", and the operas "Harvey Milk" and "The Grapes of Wrath".
 His works have been produced on Broadway, Off-Broadway, and internationally.
 His lyrics have been nominated for the Tony Award and the Drama Desk Award, and won the Outer Critics Circle Award.
 In 2016, Korie was awarded the Marc Blitzstein Award from the American Academy of Arts and Letters.
The 68th Annual Tony Awards were held June 8, 2014, to recognize achievement in Broadway productions during the 2013–14 season.
 The ceremony was held at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, and was televised live on CBS.
 Hugh Jackman was the host, his fourth time hosting.
 The 15 musical Tony Awards went to seven different musicals, and six plays shared the 11 play Tony Awards.
Mis'ry's Comin' Aroun is a once-neglected song from the 1927 musical "Show Boat" by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II.
 It was cut from the production during the Washington D.C. tryout on the orders of producer Florenz Ziegfeld, supposedly because it was one of the factors that made the show too long (it ran four-and-a-half hours when it premiered).
 However, musical theatre historian Miles Kreuger and conductor John McGlinn, also suggest that it was the dark, dramatic tone of the piece that most concerned Ziegfeld.
 Kern was reportedly so incensed by the deletion of "Mis'ry's Comin' Aroun" that he made it the principal motif of Show Boat's original overture and asked orchestrator Robert Russell Bennett to work sections of it into the background music as well, where it is now played by the orchestra during some of the dialogue scenes involving the mixed race actress Julie La Verne.
Bill Russell (born 1949) is an American librettist and lyricist.
 Among his stage musicals are "Elegies for Angels, Punks and Raging Queens" and "Side Show", which was nominated for the Tony Award as Best Musical.
Oscar Greeley Clendenning Hammerstein II ( ; July 12, 1895 – August 23, 1960) was an American librettist, theatrical producer, and (usually uncredited) theatre director of musicals for almost forty years.
 Hammerstein won eight Tony Awards and two Academy Awards for Best Original Song.
 Many of his songs are standard repertoire for vocalist's and jazz musicians.
 He co-wrote 850 songs.
 Hammerstein was the lyricist and playwright in his partnerships; his collaborators wrote the music.
 Hammerstein collaborated with numerous composers, such as Jerome Kern, with whom he wrote "Show Boat", Vincent Youmans, Rudolf Friml, Richard A. Whiting and Sigmund Romberg; but he is best known for his collaborations with Richard Rodgers, as the duo Rodgers and Hammerstein which include "Oklahoma!
", "Carousel", "South Pacific", "The King and I", and "The Sound of Music".
Glenn Slater (born 1968) is an American lyricist who collaborates with Alan Menken and other musical theatre composers.
 He was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Original Score for the Broadway version of "The Little Mermaid" at the 62nd Tony Awards in 2008, his second Tony nomination for "Sister Act" at the 65th Tony Awards in 2011, and his third Tony nomination for "School of Rock" at the 70th Tony Awards in 2016.
Teresa Fay "Terri" Gibbs (born June 15, 1954) is an American country music artist who is blind.
 Between 1980 and 2017 she's recorded eleven studio albums, including four for MCA Records and one for Warner Bros.
 Records.
 She also charted 13 singles on the "Billboard" country singles charts in that timespan, including her debut single "Somebody's Knockin'", which reached No. 8 on the country charts, No. 13 on the pop charts and No. 3 on the Adult Contemporary charts.
 She also entered the country top 20 with "Rich Man", "Mis'ry River", "Ashes to Ashes" and "Anybody Else's Heart but Mine."
Robert Bache Smith ( June 4, 1875 – November 6, 1951 ), usually published as Robert B. Smith, was an American librettist and lyricist.
 His older brother, Harry B. Smith, was also a successful lyricist and a writer and composer.
