The Tent is a book by Canadian author Margaret Atwood, published in 2006.
 Although classified with Atwood’s short fiction, "The Tent" has been characterized as an “experimental” collection of “fictional essays" or “mini-fictions.”
 The work also incorporates line drawings by Atwood.
In the Wake of the Flood is a 2010 documentary film produced in Canada by director Ron Mann and featuring author Margaret Atwood.
 The film follows Atwood on her unusual book tour for her novel "The Year of the Flood".
The Edible Woman is a 1969 novel that helped to establish Margaret Atwood as a prose writer of major significance.
 It is the story of a young woman whose sane, structured, consumer-oriented world starts to slip out of focus.
 Following her engagement, Marian feels her body and her self are becoming separated.
 As Marian begins endowing food with human qualities that cause her to identify with it, she finds herself unable to eat, repelled by metaphorical cannibalism.
 In a foreword written in 1979 for the Virago edition of the novel, Atwood described it as a protofeminist rather than feminist work.
Good Bones and Simple Murders is a book by Canadian author Margaret Atwood, originally published in 1994.
 Although classified with Atwood’s short fiction, it is an eclectic collection, featuring parables, monologues, prose poems, condensed science fiction, reconfigured fairy tales, as well as Atwood’s own illustrations.
 Much of the book is a reprint of two earlier Atwood works, "Good Bones" and "Murder in the Dark".
The Atwood Stories was a Canadian television drama series, which aired on W in 2003.
 A short-run dramatic anthology series produced by Shaftesbury Films, the series dramatized six short stories by Margaret Atwood.
Procedures for Underground is a book of poetry written by Canadian author Margaret Atwood.
 It was published in hardcover by Little, Brown and Company in 1970, and in paperback by both Little, Brown and Company and Oxford University Press, Canada in 1971.
 The poems of "Procedures for Underground" explore the territory of the psyche, evoking mythological archetypes, subconscious experience, and personal obsessions.
 This space of epiphanies and metamorphosis is, for Atwood, the "underground."
Double Persephone is a self-published poetry collection written by Canadian author Margaret Atwood in 1961.
 Atwood handset the book herself with a flat bed press, designed the cover with linoblocks, and only made 220 copies.
 It was the first publication released by Atwood, and comprises seven poems: "Formal Garden", "Pastoral", "Iconic Landscape", "Persephone Departing", "Chthonic Love", "Her Song", "and "Double Persephone".
The IBCT is an independent record label owned by Kris J. Kraus, based in Southern California and started in 2009 by Walter Adam "Dirty Walt" Kibby, II, of Fishbone, and Roderick Byron "Rodcore" Palmer of the band Year Of The Dragon along with their then manager, Kraus, an attorney, who previously was the road manager for The Incredible Lance Diamond and manager of Rick James's Original Stone City Band, among others.
 The label released the first full-length by YOTD, Blunt Force Karma (Produced by Darryl Swann with Kraus and Kibby as Executive Producers), and the sophomore release by Dirty Walt And The Columbus Sanatation (produced by Kibby with Kraus as Executive Producer).
 Subsequently, the label reissued the debut of Seattle's experimental jazz quartet Uncle Pooch, Conduct Unbecoming.
 The label showcased at South By Southwest in 2009, 2010, and 2011.
 Kibby and Palmer left the label in 2010 after YOTD's tour in support of Blunt Force Karma (to date BFK is YOTD's only full-length release and most likely will remain so as Palmer left the band in 2015), leaving Kraus as the sole owner and operator.
 Kraus then commissioned Uncle Pooch's bassist Shane Smith as the label's Musical Director.
 With Smith providing all musical content and Kraus providing lyrics, artwork, and production the two of the have teamed up to guide the label through its second phase focusing exclusively on underground and uncompromising artists who defy categorization.
 Two more releases by Uncle Pooch, Oneiroprenia (with production by Scott Colburn, Darryl Swann, and Kraus and graphic design by Mike Sparrow) and Sonarchy (produced by Smith and Kraus graphic design by Sparrow) in 2012.
 After a hiatus while Kraus pursued a career as a law professor and Smith worked on demos with various artists the label returned with Smith and Los Angeles underground icon Blackbird contributing a song to the Black Rock Coalition's 25 Year Anniversary Compilation in 2016 at Kraus' urging.
 Smith's band Shane Smith's Karmic Unrest released their debut – "The Ambivalence Of The Scared" (produced by R. L. Heyer and Kraus and mastered by Peter A. Barker) – in 2017.
 Uncle Pooch's final album, "The Comfort Of Violence", and two releases by Headlock are scheduled for release in late 2017.
 The label plans on re-issuing the debut EP by unsung pioneering black rockers Sky Church originally released in 1993 by Kraus and guitarist Mytch Meadows and remastered by Barker in 2018 for the releases 25th anniversary.
Surfacing is the second published novel by Canadian author Margaret Atwood.
 It was first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1972.
 It has been called a companion novel to Atwood's collection of poems, "Power Politics", which was written the previous year and deals with complementary issues.
Margaret Atwood: Once in August is a 1984 documentary film about Canadian writer Margaret Atwood, directed by Michael Rubbo and produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).
 The film was made in Rubbo's trademark style of self-conscious documentary filmmaking or metafilm, with Rubbo foregrounding the creative process in making the film, including his frustrated attempts to uncover autobiographical influences in Atwood's work.
 It was his last film with the NFB.
