Hardomil (; d. before 1327) was a Serbian nobleman that served king Stefan Milutin (r. 1282–1321), with the title of "tepčija".
 He was mentioned as deceased in 1327, in a litigation between his sons' estates and Hilandar.
 His sons inherited notable land property, which evidents his social status and property state, but not his jurisdiction.
 The judgement established that his sons, Dmitar and Borislav (called the Hardomilić brothers in historiography), had unlawfully used Hilandar's property, and thus the property was returned to Hilandar.
 Hardomil was succeeded by Vladoje ( 1326 ), who served king Stefan Dečanski (r. 1321–31) as "tepčija".
 The Serbian court hierarchy at that time was as follows: "stavilac", "čelnik", "kaznac", "tepčija" and "vojvoda", the supreme title.
Abu'l-Hasan Ali ibn Muhammad ibn Musa ibn al-Hasan ibn al-Furat (855 – 18 July 924) was a senior official of the Abbasid Caliphate who served three times as vizier under Caliph al-Muqtadir.
 Intelligent and well educated, Ali emerged into prominence as an able fiscal administrator and deputy to his older brother Ahmad.
 Eventually he came to lead one of the two major and rival court factions during al-Muqtadir's caliphate, the Banu'l-Furat, the other being the group of officials around the commander-in-chief Mu'nis al-Muzaffar and the vizier Ali ibn Isa al-Jarrah.
 He played an important role in the selection of al-Muqtadir as caliph in 908, going on to serve as vizier in 908–912, during which time he succeeded in re-incorporating Fars into the Caliphate and to restore a measure of authority over the Sajids of Adharbayjan.
 After a second tenure in 917–918 he was imprisoned by his successor, and was released in 923, becoming vizier for the third and last time soon after.
 His brutality towards his rivals during his third tenure, coupled with military failures against the Qarmatians, caused his deposition and execution, along with his son al-Muhassin, on 18 July 924.
Mehu was an Ancient Egyptian vizier who lived in the Sixth Dynasty, around 2300 BC.
 The office of the vizier was the most important one at the royal court.
 Mehu is mainly known from his monumental mastaba at Saqqara, not far away from the Pyramid of Unas.
 The exact dating of Mehu is disputed in Egyptology.
 Hartwig Altenmüller published the relief decoration of the mastaba and dates him under king Teti.
 He argues that the one of the brothers of Mehu with the name Iynefret is identical to another vizier also named Iynefret, who might date to the early Sixth Dynasty.
 Furthermore, Mehu carried the title of an "overseer of priest at Djed-sut-Teti", that is the pyramid complex of king Teti.
 Other argue that he dates slightly later under king Pepy I.
 Not much is known about Mehu's family.
 The parents are unknown.
 He has two wives, one called Nebet, the other one Neferkaus.
 Mehu was bearing a high number of important titles.
 These include the titles of the vizier, but he was also Overseer of the treasuries, overseer of the double granary, overseer of Upper Egypt and overseer of all royal works.
 Several sons are mentioned in the tomb.
 One son was perhaps called Mery, but his name was several times deleted.
 Another son was Hetepka.
 Within the mastaba of Mehu there are parts reserved for a vizier called Hetepka.
 It is possible that he was the son of Mehu, albeit final evidence for this identification is missing.
 The vizier Hetepka might have been just a member of Mehu's family.
 Two other known children of Mehu are a daughter called Merut and a further son called Khuy.
Alaeddin Pasha was the first Ottoman grand vizier.
 His father's name was Kemalettin, and thus he was usually called "Hacı Kemalettin oğlu Alaeddin Pasha" or "Alaeddin bin Hacı Kemalletin, "meaning "son of Hacı Kemalettin's."
 He was probably from the town of Cendere, from where the famous Çandarlı family also originated.
 He was a fakih (expert in Islamic law).
 He was appointed as the vizier during the last years of Osman I's reign (probably in 1320).
 He continued during Orhan's Bey's reign.
 Since there was only one vizier in the divan during the early years of the Ottoman beylik, his title was not actually grand vizier, but his post was equivalent to the post of the later grand viziers.
 Because of this, he is known as the first grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire.
The Ancient Egyptian noble, Ramose was Vizier under both Amenhotep III and Akhenaten.
 He was in office in the last decade of Amenhotep's III reign and at the beginning of the reign of the latter king.
 Ramose appears on jar labels found in the palace of king Amenhotep III at Malkata.
 Here appears also the vizier Amenhotep-Huy.
 Both viziers are also shown side by side in the temple of Soleb.
 In the New Kingdom the office of the vizier was divided in a northern vizier and a southern one.
 It is not entirely clear whether Ramose was the southern or northern one.
Ibbi-Sipish or Ibbi-Zikir (ca. 23rd century BC) was the vizier of Ebla for king Ishar-Damu for 17 years.
 He was the son of his predecessor, Ibrium, who had been Ishar-Damu's vizier for 15 years.
Kun-Damu (also Qum-Damu) was a king (Malikum) of the first Eblaite kingdom ruling c. 2400 BC.
 The king's name is translated as "Arise, O Damu".
 Kun-Damu is attested in the archives of Ebla dated two generations after his reign.
 According to Alfonso Archi, he was a contemporary of Saʿumu of Mari.
 The archives of Ebla records the defeat of Mari in the 25th century BC, and based on the estimations for his reign, Kun-Damu might be the Eblaite king who inflicted this defeat upon Mari.
 Following his death, he was deified and his cult was attested in Ebla for at least 30 years after his reign.
Ishtup-Ishar (Išhtup-Išar) was a king (Lugal) of the second Mariote kingdom who reigned c. 2400 BC.
 The king's name was traditionally read as Išhtup-šar, with šar being a common divine element in personal names attested in the region.
 However, the king's name is read as Ishtup-Ishar by Alfonso Archi, Ishar being an important justice deity worshiped in Mari and Ebla.
Dabiživ Čihorić (; 1334–d. January 1362) was a Serbian nobleman who served king and emperor Stefan Dušan (r. 1331–55) and emperor Uroš V (r. 1355–71), with the title of "sluga".
 He was not an usual "sluga" (a cup-bearer ), but had the same responsibilities as those of the "kaznac" and "tepčija".
 A member of the Čihorić family (also called Drugović), a powerful family in the Trebinje region, his brothers Vratko and Nenac held the title of "župan" (count), while Stepko held the title of "tepčija".
 Dabiživ was present in the hinterland of Dubrovnik between 1334–49, but was first mentioned with the title of "sluga" in 1343 ("Dabiseo sluga").
 That mention is of him together with the Ragusan rector Marco Mauroceno and "elders" ("starce") established boundaries between territories of the Republic of Ragusa and Trebinje, that is, the Kingdom of Serbia.
 In 1345 the Ragusan ministers complained to Stefan Dušan that Dabiživ had imposed a customs tax at Trebinje, one dinar per each goods load that passed by.
 Stefan Dušan abolished this tax, as known from a letter dated 26 October 1346 sent from Serres.
 Dabiživ's competences is explained as that he acted as the royal deputy in Trebinje and Konavle.
 Earlier, in 1330, the governor of Konavle and the wider area of Trebinje was "župan" Hlapen.
 It is assumed that Dabiživ was part of the preparations of organizing a special court of "young king" Uroš V, that while he governed Trebinje he was decided to be the "sluga" of Uroš V.
 In 1346, Uglješa Mrnjavčević became the deputy in Trebinje and Konavle.
 After the coronation of Stefan Dušan as emperor (1346), when Uroš V became king and co-ruler, Dabiživ left Trebinje to be in the nearest circle of Uroš V, whom he served faithfully until his death in January 1362.
 Dabiživ was buried at the Treskavac monastery near Prilep, his grave inscription mentioning him as the "enohijar" (which according to S. Novaković was the brewer or cellarer, that is, a cup-bearer) of emperor Uroš V.
Ibrium (24th century BC), also spelt Ebrium, was the vizier of Ebla for king Irkab-Damu and his successor Isar-Damu.
