Shatter, also known as Call Him Mr Shatter and They Call Him Mr Shatter, is a 1974 British-Hong Kong action film directed by Michael Carreras and Monte Hellman and starring Stuart Whitman, Lung Ti, Lily Li, Anton Diffring and Peter Cushing in his last film for Hammer Studios.
 It was the second and final international co-production between Hammer Studios of England and Shaw Brothers Studio of Hong Kong.
 The film was shot entirely on location in Hong Kong and was first released in 1974 in UK.
The Best of D:Ream was the first official compilation album from British pop/dance band D:Ream, issued by Magnet Records label, and distributed by major Warner Bros.
 Records, with the management of FXU.
 It was released in May 1997, just after their UK and U.S. Dance Number 1 hit, "", was re-released for the second time, re-entering the UK Top 20 Singles Chart at Number 19.
 The song received much publicity from the fact that it was later adopted by the UK Labour Party as their theme for the 1997 UK General Election.
 The group's record company, in agreement with leader Peter Cunnah, who decided to call it quits with D:Ream, chose to issue this greatest hits collection, instead of their third studio album, which was to be called "Heap of Faith", and has since never been released.
Heavyweight Dub Champion is a music and art collective founded in Gold Hill, Colorado in 1997 by Resurrector & Patch.
 Heavyweight Dub Champion, also known as HDC, is rooted in electronic music, but they create their unique style by using real and acoustic instruments fused with synthetic and electronic elements.
 In 2005, they relocated to San Francisco, but the members of their constantly rotating lineup also come from New York, Australia and the UK.
 Denver's Westword Magazine describes their music as "a shamanistic wall of hip hop dubtronica" and the magazine awarded their debut album "Survival Guide For The End of Time" with the editors pick for Best Local Recording in 2003.
 HDC is perhaps best known for their live performance, in which they use a massive amount of vintage and electronic gear to perform what they call "Sonic Shamanistic Alchemy".
 The LA Weekly says, "The main HDC aesthetic is a cooled-out groove... Their genius is the great virtue of ’70s dub: never overdoing it."
The Joker & The Thief are a band from London signed to Mess Around Productions.
 They are strongly associated with Strummerville, The Joe Strummer Foundation for New Music, and feature on Island/Communion's "Flowerpot Collaborations" album.
 The trio is composed of Dan Grabiner (vocals, percussion), Josh Elliott (saxophone, accordion, saw, ukulele) and Justin Gartry (guitar, kick-drum) and their sound has been compared to various genres including soul, blues, psychedelia, rock 'n' roll, folk and rhythm & blues.
 The Evening Standard has described the band as "the real stars of 2011" and Clash Magazine call them a "rip-roaring trio"
"Bootie Call" is a song performed by British-Canadian girl group All Saints from their debut album, "All Saints" (1998).
 The song was co-written by group member Shaznay Lewis in collaboration with its producer, Karl Gordon.
 "Bootie Call" was first released on 31 August 1998 by London Records as All Saints' fourth official single.
 It was released on cassette, CD and 12" format accompanied by a B-side entitled "Get Down" as well as previous hit "I Know Where It's At" and a remix of "Never Ever".
 "Bootie Call" achieved chart success; topping the UK Singles Chart on 6 September 1998, and at the same time becoming the group's third consecutive number-one hit.
 The single also performed well internationally; peaking within the top ten in The Netherlands and Ireland, and the top forty in Belgium and Sweden.
Call the Midwife is a BBC period drama series about a group of nurse midwives working in the East End of London in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
 It stars Jessica Raine, Miranda Hart, Helen George, Bryony Hannah, Laura Main, Jenny Agutter, Pam Ferris, Judy Parfitt, Cliff Parisi, Stephen McGann, Ben Caplan, Emerald Fennell, Victoria Yeates, Linda Bassett and Charlotte Ritchie.
 The series is produced by Neal Street Productions, a production company founded and owned by the film director and producer Sam Mendes, "Call the Midwife" executive producer Pippa Harris, and Caro Newling.
 The first series, set in 1957, premiered in the UK on 15 January 2012.
Now That's What I Call Music, Smash Hits was a compilation album released in 1987.
 The album is part of the (UK) Now!
 series, and is a collaboration with Smash Hits magazine, a successful pop music based magazine at the time.
 It was conceived, written and designed by the Smash Hits staff, and the liner notes are written in the magazine's offbeat style.
Linux Format was the UK's first Linux-specific magazine, and as of 2013 was the best-selling Linux title in the UK.
 It is also exported to many countries worldwide.
 It is published by Future plc (which produces "PC Plus", ".
net" and many other computer magazines).
 Linux Format is commonly abbreviated to LXF, and issues are referred to with LXF as a prefix followed by the issue number (for example LXF102 refers to the 102nd issue).
"Only For Love" is the debut single by former Kajagoogoo singer Limahl, following being fired from the group by his bandmates in 1983.
 The song was featured in the first UK version of "Now That's What I Call Music", and later included on Limahl's 1984 debut solo album, "Don't Suppose".
 The song became his first UK Top 20 hit, peaking at No. 16 on the UK Singles Chart.
 It remains his second most popular single in the UK as a solo act (the first being "The Neverending Story").
"Call Me" is a song by the American new wave band Blondie and the theme to the 1980 film "American Gigolo".
 Released in the US in early 1980 as a single, "Call Me" was number one for six consecutive weeks on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, where it became the band's biggest single and second #1.
 It also hit #1 in the UK and Canada, where it became their fourth and second chart-topper respectively.
 In the year-end charts of 1980 it was Billboard's #1 hit, and according to Billboard magazine, was the top-selling single of the year in the United States in 1980 and RPM's #3.
