Morris High School was a high school in the borough of the Bronx in New York City.
 It was built in 1897.
 It was the first high school built in the Bronx.
 Originally named Peter Cooper High School, the name was changed to Morris High School to commemorate a famous Bronx landowner, Gouverneur Morris, one of the signers of the United States Constitution and credited as author of its Preamble.
 Morris High School was one of the original New York City Public High Schools created by the New York City school reform act of 1896.
 In 1983, the school and surrounding area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Morris High School Historic District.
Kempsville High School is one of eleven public high schools in the Virginia Beach City Public Schools system.
 It is a comprehensive high school for students in grades 9-12.
 Located in the western section of the city, the Kempsville High School covers approximately 12 sq. miles, and draws students from both Kempsville Middle School and Larkspur Middle School.
 In the Fall of 2016, Kempsville High School will be home to the Virginia Beach City Public Schools newest academy program, The Entrepreneurship and Business Academy at Kempsville High School.
 Students from across the school division can apply to attend this new academy program.
 A normal school day at Kempsville High is organized into an A/B block schedule with four class periods.
 Semester courses earn one-half credit, and year courses earn one credit upon successful completion of the course.
 All students at Kempsville High School have the opportunity to earn dual enrollment credit through Tidewater Community College, attend the Governor’s Magnet School for the Arts, attend the Technical and Career Education Center, attend the Advanced Technology Center, and the evening credit program at Renaissance Academy.The school mission statement is “Kempsville High School is committed to equipping students to be independent, responsible, academically proficient, technically and globally literate critical and creative thinkers."
Cherry Hill High School East (also known as Cherry Hill East or CHE) is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Cherry Hill, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Cherry Hill Public Schools.
 The school opened in 1967 as the township's second high school; what then became known as Cherry Hill High School West was the first public high school in Cherry Hill.
 The first class graduated in June 1970, having started their freshman year in the Fall of 1966 in the West building doing split sessions until the East building was ready for occupancy in January 1967.
 The class of 1970 was the only class in the new building until the class of 1971 arrived in Fall 1967.
 By Fall 1969, the building housed all four grades.
 The school is one of three high schools in the district; the others are Cherry Hill High School West and Cherry Hill Alternative High School.
Nashua High School South, formerly Nashua High School, is a public high school located in Nashua, New Hampshire.
 The school's current location was erected in 1975 with its first class graduating in June 1976.
 The school was remodeled between 2002 and 2004 when a second school, Nashua High School North, was built.
 The existing high school building was renamed Nashua High School South.
 The school serves approximately 2200 students, making it the largest public high school in New Hampshire, and the second largest high school overall, after the private Pinkerton Academy.
Toms River High School North is a four-year comprehensive public high school, and was the second public high school established in Toms River, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Toms River Regional Schools.
 The school opened in 1969 when the original high school (now called Toms River High School South) was found to be too small to accommodate the fast-growing community.
 However, the first class to graduate wasn't until 1971, since all of the seniors were kept at TRHSS for the class of 1970.
 Toms River High School North is the largest of all schools in the Toms River Regional School district.
 The TRHSN mascot is the Mariner, and the school colors are navy blue and gold.
 The other high schools in the district are Toms River High School East and Toms River High School South.
Shaker Heights High School is a public high school located in Shaker Heights, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland.
 The high school is the only public high school in the Shaker Heights City School District, which serves Shaker Heights and a small part of Cleveland.
 Shaker Heights High School is an International Baccalaureate World School, the only public high school in Cuyahoga County to hold this accreditation and offer rigorous IB classes.
 It is consistently ranked among the top districts in the state for National Merit semifinalists.
The Oahu Interscholastic Association (OIA) is an athletic conference composed of all public secondary schools on the island of Oahu, Hawaii, U.S.A.
 The OIA was first founded in 1940 as the Rural Oahu Interscholastic Association (ROIA).
 The five founding schools were Castle High School, Kahuku High School, Leilehua High School, Waialua High & Intermediate School and Waipahu High School.
 The OIA originally comprised all the rural schools on Oahu, which were all of the schools that were not situated in the main city of Honolulu.
 This changed however in 1970 with the addition of the five former public school members of the Interscholastic League of Honolulu - Farrington High School, Kaimuki High School, McKinley High School, Roosevelt High School and Kalani High School.
 After the public Honolulu schools joined, the league changed its identity from the ROIA to simply OIA to reflect the integration of all of the public high schools on the island.
Connetquot High School (CHS) is a public high school serving students from the communities of Bohemia, Sayville, West Sayville, Oakdale and Ronkonkoma in the ninth through twelfth grades located in Bohemia, New York and is part of the Connetquot Central School District.
Eleanor Roosevelt High School is a small public high school on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City.
 Eleanor Roosevelt High School is composed of about 33 teachers and 500 students representing over 40 different countries.
 Initially opened at a temporary location in Chelsea, with 105 ninth graders and a staff of eight, ERHS currently has over 500 students and over 45 staff members.
 Every year, the school selects 125 to 140 students out of over 6,000 applicants and is often selected over specialized high schools by students looking for a more liberal curriculum.
 In 2015, Eleanor Roosevelt High School was ranked the 116th best public high school in the nation by "U.S. News & World Report".
Harwich High School was a public high school located in Harwich, Massachusetts.
 Harwich High School was the third smallest public high school on Cape Cod.
 Harwich High School closed in 2013-2014 due to the towns of Harwich and Chatham deciding to regionalize their school districts and build a regional high school.
 The new high school's name will be Monomoy Regional High School.
