The Lighthouse is an arts centre in Poole, Dorset, England.
 According to the Arts council of England it is the largest arts centre in the United Kingdom outside London.
Canford Cliffs is an affluent suburb of Poole in Dorset, England.
 The neighbourhood lies on the English Channel coast midway between Poole and Bournemouth.
 To the southwest is Sandbanks which has some of the highest property values in the world, and together Canford Cliffs and Sandbanks form a parish, which has the fourth highest property prices in the world and second highest in the United Kingdom after London.
Viscount Trenchard, of Wolfeton in the County of Dorset, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1936 for Marshal of the Royal Air Force, Hugh Trenchard, 1st Baron Trenchard.
 He had already been created a Baronet, of Wolfeton in the County of Dorset, in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1919 and Baron Trenchard, of Wolfeton in the County of Dorset, in 1930, also in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 His second son, the second Viscount, held junior ministerial positions from 1979 to 1983 in the Conservative administration of Margaret Thatcher.
 s of 2016 the titles are held by the latter's son, the third Viscount, who succeeded in 1987.
 In 2004 he replaced the recently deceased Lord Vivian as one of the ninety elected(by hereditary peers)hereditary peers that are allowed to remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999.
 Lord Trenchard sits on the Conservative benches.
Fire Radio is a United Kingdom radio station broadcasting to Bournemouth, Poole, and Christchurch, Dorset, based in Southampton, Hampshire.
An election to Dorset County Council took place on 2 May 2013 as part of the United Kingdom local elections.
 45 councillors were elected from 42 electoral divisions, which returned either one or two county councillors each by first-past-the-post voting for a four-year term of office.
 The electoral divisions were the same as those used at the previous election in 2009.
 No elections were held in Bournemouth or Poole, which are unitary authorities outside the area covered by the County Council.
 The election saw the Conservative Party maintain overall control of the council.
Viscount Wimborne, of Canford Magna in the County of Dorset, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1918 for Ivor Guest, 2nd Baron Wimborne.
 The Guest family descends from the engineer and businessman John Josiah Guest.
 On 14 August 1838 he was created a baronet, of Dowlais in the County of Glamorgan, in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
 He was succeeded by his eldest son, the second Baronet.
 In 1880 he was created Baron Wimborne, of Canford Magna in the County of Dorset, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 On his death the titles passed to his eldest son, the second Baron.
 In 1910, four years before he succeeded his father, he had been raised to the Peerage of the United Kingdom in his own right as Baron Ashby St Ledgers, of Ashby St Ledgers in the County of Northampton.
 On his retirement as Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland in 1918 he was further honoured when he was made Viscount Wimborne, of Canford Magna in the County of Dorset, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 His son, the second Viscount, represented Breconshire in the House of Commons.
 s of 2014 the titles are held by the latter's grandson, the fourth Viscount, who succeeded his father in 1993.
Lush Ltd. is a cosmetics retailer headquartered in Poole, Dorset, United Kingdom.
 The company was founded by Mark Constantine, a trichologist and Liz Weir, a beauty therapist.
 They met in a hair and beauty salon in Poole, England.
 A few years later, they decided to branch out and start their own business selling natural hair and beauty products.
Baron de Mauley, of Canford in the County of Dorset, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1838 for the Whig politician the Hon. William Ponsonby, who had earlier represented Poole, Knaresborough and Dorset in the House of Commons.
 He was the third son of the 3rd Earl of Bessborough, an Anglo-Irish peer, and the husband of Lady Barbara Ashley-Cooper, one of the co-heirs to the ancient barony by writ of Mauley (or Maulay), which superseded the feudal barony the "caput" of which was at Mulgrave Castle, Yorkshire, which barony by writ had become extinct in 1415.
 His son, later the second Baron, sat as Member of Parliament for Poole and Dungarvon.
 s of 2009 the title is held by the latter's great-great-grandson, the seventh Baron, who succeeded his uncle in 2002.
 He is one of the ninety elected hereditary peers that remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999, and sits as a Conservative.
 He was elected in 2005 and thereby became the first hereditary peer having succeeded to his title after the House of Lords Act of 1999, to have obtained an elective hereditary peers seat in the House of Lords.
 As a descendant of the third Earl of Bessborough, Lord de Mauley is also in remainder to the earldom of Bessborough and its subsidiary titles.
This is a list of cider brands from Dorset in the United Kingdom.
 Although neighbouring county of Somerset is better known for its apple orchards, Dorset has an equally long orchard and cider tradition.
 Many Dorset cider producers are using traditional Dorset varieties of apple The Dorset Cider museum is based in Owermoigne, near Dorchester
Poole Methodist Church (also known as Poole High Street Methodist Church or The Spire) is a nineteenth-century Methodist church on Poole High Street in Dorset, England.
 An extension to the church was nominated for the 2016 Carbuncle Cup for "the ugliest building in the United Kingdom completed in the last 12 months".
