The singles discography of Kitty Wells, an American country artist, consists of ninety singles, nineteen B-sides, and two music videos.
 In 1949 she was signed to RCA Victor Records, where she released her debut single, "Death at the Bar" also in 1949.
 Dropped from RCA in 1950, Wells signed with Decca Records and released the single "It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels" in 1952.
 The song was an answer song to Hank Thompson's hit, "The Wild Side of Life", spending six weeks at number one on the "Billboard Magazine" Hot C&W Sides chart.
 The single sold one million copies and made Wells the first female country artist to have a single reach number one on the "Billboard" country list.
 Until the end of the decade, Wells became the only woman on the country chart that would consistently receive radio airplay.
 In 1953 the song, "Paying for That Back Street Affair" reached #6 on the "Billboard" Hot C&W Sides list, as well as twenty one additional Top Ten singles on the same chart between 1953 and 1959.
 This included singles such as the Red Foley duet "One by One" (1954), "Making Believe" (1955), "I Can't Stop Loving You" (1958), "Mommy for a Day" (1959), and "Amigo's Guitar" (1959).
 The latter song was written by Wells herself and later won her a BMI Songwriter's Award.
Out of Hand is a 1975 honky tonk album by Country music singer Gary Stewart.
 The singer's second album, his debut for RCA Records, reached #6 on "Billboard's" Country Albums chart, launching three charting singles, "Drinkin' Thing" (#10), "Out of Hand" (#4), and "She's Actin' Single (I'm Drinkin' Doubles)" (#1).
 The album, a departure from prevalent country styles at the time of its release, was a critical as well as a commercial success and has come to be regarded as a classic in the honky tonk genre.
"Honky Tonk Attitude" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Joe Diffie.
 It was released in March 1993 as the lead single and title track from his album "Honky Tonk Attitude".
 The song reached the top five of the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart and peaked at number 11 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
 The song was written by Diffie and Lee Bogan.
"The Wild Side of Life" is a song made famous by country music singer Hank Thompson.
 Originally released in 1952, the song became one of the most popular recordings in the genre's history, spending 15 weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" country charts, solidified Thompson's status as a country music superstar and inspired the answer song, "It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels" by Kitty Wells.
Honky Tonk Attitude is the third studio album by American country music artist Joe Diffie.
 Released in 1993, it features the singles "Honky Tonk Attitude", "Prop Me Up Beside the Jukebox (If I Die)", "John Deere Green", and "In My Own Backyard", which respectively reached #5, #3, #5, and #19 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 The song "If I Had Any Pride Left at All" was later recorded by John Berry on his 1995 album "Standing on the Edge", from which it was released as a single.
Rick Trevino is an album from Hispanic-American country music singer Rick Trevino.
 His second major-label album, it was released in 1994 on Columbia Records Nashville.
 It produced the singles "Just Enough Rope", "Honky Tonk Crowd", "She Can't Say I Didn't Cry", and "Doctor Time", which peaked at #44, #35, #3, and #5, respectively, on the "Billboard" country charts.
 "Walk out Backwards" was a top ten country single for Bill Anderson in 1960 and appeared on his 1962 album "Bill Anderson Sings Country Heart Songs".
 Trevino also recorded "Walk Out Backwards" in Spanish on his previous album, 1993's "Dos Mundos".
 "Honky Tonk Crowd" by Marty Stuart appeared on his 1992 album "This One's Gonna Hurt You".
Honky Tonk Angels is a collaborative studio album by American country music artists Dolly Parton, Loretta Lynn, and Tammy Wynette.
 It was released on November 2, 1993, by Columbia Records.
The Dusty Chaps was a honky tonk country swing band based in Tucson, AZ from the mid-1970s through the early 1980s.
 In 1975 they released their first album Honky Tonk Music on a small Tucson label, Bandoleer Records.
 The band subsequently signed with Capitol Records and rerecorded Honky Tonk Music with an added track in 1977.
 They released another album on Capitol, Domino Joe (1978).
 Band members included Peter Gierlach (vocals, accordion); George Hawke (bass, acoustic guitar, background vocals); Pat McAndrew (electric guitar); Leonardo Lopez (drums, percussion); Steve Solomon (keyboards, saxophone, clarinet, vibraphone); Bill Emrie (violin); Red Davidson (piano, accordion, vibraphone, marimba); and Ted Hockenbury (pedal steel guitar).
 For some time the Chaps were the house band at Tucson's renowned Stumble Inn as well as the Poco Loco.
The discography of Lynn Anderson, an American country artist, consists of 35 studio albums, 17 compilation albums, two live albums, one tribute album, and 74 singles.
 She signed a recording contract with Chart Records in 1966, after her mother Liz Anderson gained success as a country songwriter and singer.
 Anderson's debut release was the single "In Person" in 1966, charting her first top 10 hit in 1967 "If I Kiss You (Will You Go Away)", which spawned her debut album "Ride, Ride, Ride".
 Anderson's next single later in the year entitled "Promises, Promises" also reached the Top 5 and an album of the same name peaked at #1 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
 Between 1967 and 1969, Anderson released seven singles, including the Top 20 hits "No Another Time", "Big Girls Don't Cry", and "That's a No No", and four more albums such as, "With Love, From Lynn" and "At Home with Lynn".
 With her success on the Chart label, Anderson was coaxed into signing with the major label Columbia Records, and officially signed in 1970.
 While releasing two albums and singles with Columbia, Chart continued to release singles, including "Rocky Top", "I'm Alright", and "It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels", which all reached the Top 20 on the "Billboard" country chart in 1970.
Shadowland is the debut solo album by k.d. lang, released in 1988 (see 1988 in music).
 The album included her collaboration with Kitty Wells, Loretta Lynn and Brenda Lee on "Honky Tonk Angels' Medley" and was produced by Owen Bradley, who produced Patsy Cline's best-known work.
