Yuri Nakamura (中村由利 , Nakamura Yuri ) was a Japanese musical composer and singer under Giza Studio label.
 In years 1999-2013 she was a vocalist and composer of Japanese pop band Garnet Crow.
Edward Everett Rice (December 21, 1847 – November 16, 1924) was an American musical composer and theater producer active during the late 19th and early 20th Centuries, known primarily for being a pioneer of American musical theater and introducing to Broadway a musical by African-American writers and performers.
Marton Vizy (born December 2, 1977) is a Hungarian pop singer-songwriter, musical composer from Budapest, Hungary.
 Marton is the composer of the Hungarian hit musical Én, József Attila (Me, Attila József), which performed at the Madach Theatre, Budapest.
Philippine Idol is the first version of the Idol series in the Philippines, the 35th country in the world to air a local "Idol" adaptation and the sixth in Asia.
 The franchise was first awarded by FremantleMedia, 19 Entertainment and CKX, Inc. to ABC Development Corporation (ABC now TV5) in 2006 and then to GMA Network in 2008.
 Just like the premise of original show "Pop Idol", "Philippine Idol" aims to find the best singer in the country who can be defined as the "national" singer.
 Local television personality Ryan Agoncillo hosted the program.
 Ryan Cayabyab (musical composer), Pilita Corrales (singer, known as Asia's Queen of Songs) and Francis Magalona (rapper and producer) were also judges of the show.
 Agoncillo, Corrales and Magalona auditioned to be part of the program, while Cayabyab was chosen by the program's producers.
 Meanwhile, actress Heart Evangelista hosted the daily updates program "I ♥ Philippine Idol: Exclusive".
 Composer Mel Villena was the show's musical director.
A composer laureate is a position awarded by a government as an honor to a musical composer.
Michel Legrand (born 24 February 1932) is a French musical composer, arranger, conductor, and jazz pianist.
 Legrand is a prolific composer, having written over 200 film and television scores, in addition to many memorable songs.
 He is best known for his often haunting, jazz-tinged film music.
 His celebrated scores for the films of French New Wave director Jacques Demy, "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg" (1964) and "The Young Girls of Rochefort" (1967), earned Legrand his first Academy Award nominations.
 For "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1968) and its title song, "The Windmills of Your Mind", Legrand won his first Oscar.
David N. Lawrence (born 1960) is an American musical composer known primarily for his work on television and movie scores.
 In 2002, he won an ASCAP award for his work on "American Pie 2".
 He also composed music for the Disney Channel Original Movies "High School Musical", "The Cheetah Girls 2", "High School Musical 2", "High School Musical 3", "Jericho (TV Series by CBS 2006)" and "".
 He also composed additional music for three Sesame Street videos like "Elmo Says BOO!
," "Big Bird Gets Lost," and "Let's Eat!
 Funny Food Songs," where he was credited as David Lawrence.
Alexander Laszlo (November 22, 1895 Budapest (Hungary) - November 17, 1970 Los Angeles, California) was a Hungarian-American pianist, musical composer, arranger and inventor.
 He was born Sandor ("San") Totis, but used the professional name of Alexander Laszlo as a composer and music publisher.
Scott Glasgow is a Hollywood-based musical composer.
 Has a Bachelor of Music from California State University, Northridge and a Master of Music from the San Francisco Conservatory of Music in 2001 where he was a student of Conrad Susa.
 Scott studied with John Corigliano at the Aspen Music Festival 2002 and was in the ASACP Film Scoring program in 2004.
 Since 2005 has made his career as a film composer with over 20+ studio features to date.
 Scott also teaches at the university level, with classes in film scoring at CSUN California State University, Northridge and UCLA University of California, Los Angeles.
 Scott has contributed addition music to films, TV and games including video games DC Universe Online, TV shows HBO Curb Your Enthusiasm and CBS 60 Minutes and feature films .
Marianne de Pury (born 3 April 1935) is a theatre artist and composer born in St. Gallen, Switzerland.
 She is best known as the musical composer of two 1966 anti-war plays, Jean-Claude van Itallie's social satire "America Hurrah" and Megan Terry's rock musical "Viet Rock".
