Michael Charles Faraday Proctor PhD (born 1929) is an English botanist and plant ecologist, lecturer, scientific author and currently Honorary Research Fellow at the University of Exeter.
 He retired from his post as Reader in Plant Ecology at Exeter University in 1994.
Tikhon Alexandrovich Rabotnov (Ти́хон Алекса́ндрович Рабо́тнов; July 6, 1904 – September 16, 2000) was a Russian plant ecologist.
 He was professor and head of the Department of Geobotany at Moscow State University until 1981.
 He was a father figure to generations of Russian plant ecologists.
 He conducted ground breaking studies in the regeneration of natural plant communities – studies which remained largely overlooked in the West.
Carsten Erik Olsen (March 1, 1891 – August 19, 1974) was a Danish plant ecologist and plant physiologist, who pioneered the study of plant nutrition in soils of different pH.
 He was born in Copenhagen and began studies of botany at the University of Copenhagen in 1910, at first with professor Eugenius Warming, then with professor Christen Raunkiær.
 His doctoral dissertation (1921) was on the influence of soil pH on the natural distribution of plants.
 He was then employed by the Carlsberg Laboratory as an assistant to the chemist S. P. L. Sørensen, later in his own lab.
 There, he worked on plant uptake of ions, especially iron, nitrogen fixation and calcicolous plants.
Tyge Wittrock Böcher (25 October 1909 – 15 March 1983) was a Danish botanist, evolutionary biologist, plant ecologist and phytogeographer.
William L. Bray, Ph.D.
 University of Chicago, botanist, plant ecologist, biogeographer and Professor of Botany at Syracuse University, was the first dean of the New York State College of Forestry at Syracuse University, from 1911-12.
Exequiel Ezcurra (born March 21, 1950, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a plant ecologist and conservationist.
 His highly interdisciplinary work spans desert plant ecology, mangroves, island biogeography, sea birds, fisheries, oceanography, and deep sea ecosystems.
Søren Peder Lauritz Sørensen (9 January 1868 – 12 February 1939) was a Danish chemist, famous for the introduction of the concept of pH, a scale for measuring acidity and alkalinity.
 He was born in Havrebjerg, Denmark.
Jacob Weiner (born Robert Milton Weiner; 1947 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American plant ecologist at the University of Copenhagen.
 Weiner has made contributions to several areas of plant ecology, including competition, allocation, allometry and application of ecological knowledge to agricultural production.
Peter John Grubb (born 9 August 1935 in Ilford, London) is a British ecologist and emeritus professor of botany at Cambridge University.
 He took his Ph.D. at Cambridge University in 1960 supervised by G.E. Briggs.
 He subsequently joined the staff of Magdalene College, later becoming a full professor (retired in 2001).
 His early work was mentored by E.J.H. Corner and A.S. Watt, and especially influenced by the latter.
 He has written a very lively account on his becoming a plant ecologist.
Johannes Iversen (December 12, 1904 – October 17, 1972) was a Danish palaeoecologist and plant ecologist.
 He was born in Sønderborg and began studies in botany at the University of Copenhagen in 1923 under professor C.H. Ostenfeld, and with considerable inspiration from prof.em.
 Christen Raunkiær.
 At first he worked with macrophyte vegetation of lakes in relation to water pH. The influence from Raunkiær is particularly evident in Iversen‘s doctoral thesis, in which he divided herbaceous plants into hydrotypes based on experiments and morphological studies: xerophytes, mesophytes, hygrophytes, telmatophytes, amphiphytes and limnophytes.
 In addition, halobio-types (salt tolerance) were described.
 He brilliantly used modern equivalents in the interpretation of pollen diagrams, e.g. his now classic studies on frost damage to ivy (Hedera) and holly (Ilex) during the severe winters of the early 1940s led to their fossil pollen being used as climate indicators.
 Iversen demonstrated the steppe and tundra components of the late glacial flora.
 Iversen conducted a practical experiment with stone axe clear-cutting and slash-and-burn agriculture in a primeval forest to study the forest regeneration.
