Shéhérazade is the title of two works by the French composer Maurice Ravel.
 Both have their origins in the composer's fascination with Scheherazade, the heroine and narrator of "The Arabian Nights".
 The first work, an overture (1898), Ravel's earliest surviving orchestral piece, was not well received at its premiere and has not subsequently been among his most popular works.
 Four years later he had a much greater success with a song cycle with the same title, which has remained a standard repertoire piece and has been recorded many times.
Pavane pour une infante défunte ("Pavane for a Dead Infanta") is a well-known piece written for solo piano by the French composer Maurice Ravel in 1899 when he was studying composition at the Conservatoire de Paris under Gabriel Fauré.
 Ravel also published an orchestrated version of the "Pavane" in 1910; it is scored for two flutes, oboe, two clarinets (in B-flat), two bassoons, two horns, harp, and strings.
 A typical performance of the piece lasts between six and seven minutes.
 It is widely considered a masterpiece.
Menuet antique is a piece for solo piano composed by Maurice Ravel.
 The original piano version was written in 1895 and orchestrated by the composer in 1929.
 Ravel wrote the piece to pay tribute to Emmanuel Chabrier, who had welcomed his early works and helped to establish his musical reputation.
Louise Ochsé was a Franco-Belgian sculptor born in the suburbs of Brussels, Belgium, at the end of the 19th century.
 Initially she studied under Constantin Meunier.
 She moved to Paris and exhibited her works at the Salon de la Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts between 1905 and 1914 and at the Salon de la Libre Esthétique from 1906 to 1912.
 On the occasion of her exhibit at the Galerie Boutet de Monvel in 1912, the poet and writer Guillaume Apollinaire praised her work.
 Examples of her art include a bust of Maurice Ravel which now is exhibited at the composer Maurice Ravel museum in the town of Montfort-L'Amaury, outside of Paris, and a bronze mask of composer Claude Debussy which was exhibited at the Musée d'Orsay October 2008 to February 2009.
 A bronze plaque entitled "Challenge de Gramont" is on display at the Fogg Museum.
Rapsodie espagnole is an orchestral rhapsody written by Maurice Ravel.
 Composed between 1907 and 1908, the "Rapsodie" is one of Ravel's first major works for orchestra.
 It was first performed in Paris in 1908 and quickly entered the international repertoire.
 The piece draws on the composer's Spanish heritage, and is one of several of his works set in or reflecting Spain.
Histoires naturelles ("Natural Histories") is a song cycle by Maurice Ravel, composed in 1906.
 It sets five poems by Jules Renard to music for voice and piano.
 Ravel's pupil Manuel Rosenthal created a version for voice and orchestra.
 The cycle is dedicated to the mezzo-soprano Jane Bathori, who gave the first performance, accompanied by the composer, on 12 January 1907.
Joseph Maurice Ravel (] ; 7 March 1875 – 28 December 1937) was a French composer, pianist and conductor.
 He is often associated with impressionism along with his elder contemporary Claude Debussy, although both composers rejected the term.
 In the 1920s and 1930s Ravel was internationally regarded as France's greatest living composer.
The international Paul Hindemith Prize promotes outstanding contemporary composers within the framework of the Schleswig-Holstein Music Festival (SHMF).
 The award commemorates the musical pedagogy of Paul Hindemith, who wrote the composition "Plöner Musiktag" in 1932 on behalf of the Staatliche Bildungsanstalt Plön.
 The music prize is endowed with 20,000 € and goes together with a composition commission.
 The prize is presented annually by the Hindemith Foundation in Blonay (Switzerland), the Walter and Käthe Busche Foundation, the Rudolf and Erika Koch Foundation, the Gerhard Trede Foundation, the Franz Wirth Memorial Trust and the Cultural Office of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg since 1990.
 Since 2010, the winner is found partly by a composition competition.
 The work of the prize winner is to be premiered within the framework of the Schleswig-Holstein Music Festival.
The "Konzertmusik" for Brass and String Orchestra, Op. 50, is a work by Paul Hindemith, composed in 1930.
 It was one of a large group of pieces commissioned for the 50th anniversary of the Boston Symphony Orchestra by its music director, Serge Koussevitzky (others include the Piano Concerto in G major by Maurice Ravel, the Symphony of Psalms by Igor Stravinsky, and Aaron Copland's "Symphonic Ode").
 Koussevitzky conducted the premiere of Hindemith's work with the Boston Symphony Orchestra on 3 April 1931.
Illustrissimi or ""To the Illustrious Ones"", is a collection of letters written by Pope John Paul I when he was Patriarch of Venice.
 The letters were originally published in the Italian Christian paper 'Messaggero di S. Antonio' between 1972 and 1975, and published in book form in 1976.
 The book was first published in English in 1978 when Cardinal Luciani (as he was then known) was elected Pope.
 As the English translation only reached the public after his death (after reigning as Pope for just 33 days), it stands as one of the few writings in public circulation that indicate what sort of person John Paul I was and what sort of Pope he might have been had he lived longer.
