Nobodies is an American comedy television series created by Hugh Davidson, Larry Dorf and Rachel Ramras, and produced by Ben Falcone and Melissa McCarthy.
 The series stars Hugh Davidson, Larry Dorf and Rachel Ramras.
 The series premiered on March 29, 2017, on TV Land.
Pahiram ng Isang Ina (English: "Borrow A Mother") is a 2011 Philippine drama series created and developed by GMA Network, starring Bea Binene and Jake Vargas with Maxene Magalona and Carmina Villaroel (her last show before returning to ABS-CBN).
 It premiered on August 15, 2011 replacing "Blusang Itim" on GMA's Dramarama Sa Hapon blocked (now Afternoon Prime) and on August 17, 2011 on GMA Pinoy TV, two days after its original premiere.
Hugh Milburn Stone, sometimes known as Milly Stone (July 5, 1904 – June 12, 1980), was an American film and television actor best known as "Doc" (Dr. Galen Adams) on the CBS western series "Gunsmoke".
Kokak (English: " The Frog Princess") is a Fantasy/Romance TV series of GMA Network starring Sarah Lahbati in the title role, with TJ Trinidad and JC Tiuseco as her leading men.
 "Kokak" is based on a popular comics serial with the same title, created by Ruben Marcelino and published in "Darna Komiks".
 In 1989, it was also made into film by Seiko Films which starred Rachel Lobangco and Gabby Concepcion.
 Premieres November 14, 2011 replacing "Pahiram ng Isang Ina" on GMA's Afternoon Prime.
 The theme song was "Dakilang Katapatan" sung by Rocco Nacino produced by Kedy Sanchez.
Damon Dark is an independent public access TV series and web series from Australia about a heroic and obsessive investigator of UFO incidents and other strange cases, created by Australian writer, actor and film maker Adrian Sherlock.
 Damon James Dark became a dedicated alien investigator after a close encounter during his teenage years.
 He is associated with both the secret service and friendly aliens, including a character called Vincent Kosmos (an alien time traveller) and Trans-Dimensional Control (an alien law enforcement agency).
 The character of Damon Dark has appeared in a 5-week TV series on Community TV 31 in Melbourne Australia, a self-published novel ("Biodome") on Amazon's createspace platform and a long running web series on YouTube.
 He has also been involved in related web series "Young Damon Dark" and "Vincent Kosmos."
 He has also been the focus of a one actor stage drama.
 The character of Damon Dark has been played by Adrian Sherlock, Bruce Hughes, Aiden Sherlock and Jack Knoll.
 Damon Dark is a loner, dresses in black, has a huge experience of aliens and their technology.
 Damon is characterized by his high intelligence, idealistic moral outlook and wry sense of humor.
 His best friend in the series is the long-suffering Gary Sutton, played by actor Robert Trott.
 Damon Dark began in 1999, with a five-part weekly series on Melbourne's Community TV 31, (although the pilot was shot in 1996 and the show had been in development since 1990) following a screening of a 65-minute version of the story "Maddox" at the 57th World Science Fiction Convention (Aussiecon Three) held in Melbourne.
 The series was later revived as a YouTube webseries which inspired several related webseries, including "The Young Damon Dark Adventures" in which the character is played as a teenager, and Vincent Kosmos, (created by and starring Chris Heaven, , an Italian actor and musician, about a renegade alien character who is a friend of Damon.
Ambassador Magma (マグマ大使 , Maguma Taishi ) is the title and protagonist of a manga and tokusatsu TV series created by Osamu Tezuka, the writer of "Mighty Atom" ("Astro Boy" in English) and "Jungle Emperor" ("Kimba the White Lion" in English).
 The TV series, produced by P Productions, was aired on Fuji TV from July 4, 1966 to September 25, 1967, lasting a total of 52 episodes.
 It is the first color tokusatsu TV series in Japan, beating Tsuburaya Productions' "Ultraman" to the airwaves by 6 days.
 The show later aired in the U.S., dubbed in English, as "The Space Giants".
XIII: The Series is an English-language Franco-Canadian TV series that premiered in April 2011 in France and Canada.
 Loosely based on the Belgian graphic novel series created by Jean Van Hamme and William Vance debuting in 1984, about an amnesiac protagonist who seeks to discover his concealed past.
 The TV series follows the events of the 2008 TV film "", which was also produced by Prodigy Pictures and Cipango.
 The first season follows the plot in parallel with the existing volumes in the comic series, while the second season diverts into an all-new original story arc.
GG Bond is a Chinese animated TV series created by Zhibin GU, a member of the China Animation Association, and CEO of Guang Dong Winsing Company Limited.
 A film series based on the TV series has currently four films: "GG Bond Hatching" (2012), "GG Bond 2" (2014), "" (2015) and "" (2017).
Susan Gabrielle "Sue" Ball (born March 2, 1967, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American actress.
 She is best known for her starring role in "Leo and Liz in Beverly Hills", which was created by Steve Martin.
 She has had many guest starring and recurring roles, most notably "Rags to Riches" (TV series), "Perfect Strangers" (TV series), "Valerie" (TV series), and "It's a Living" (1980 TV series).
Star Trek: New Earth is a series of "Star Trek" novels published by Pocket Books in the United States, as part of Pocket’s "" line.
 Based on the titular TV series created by Gene Roddenberry, "New Earth" was created by Pocket editor John J. Ordover and writer Diane Carey, and debuted on June 1, 2000, with the publication of the first two installments, "Wagon Train to the Stars" and "Belle Terre".
 (“Wagon Train to the Stars” was a phrase with which Roddenberry described "Star Trek" when he pitched the show to network executives in the 1960s, who were fixated on the success of TV westerns.)
 The other four novels in the series followed in July and August of that year.
