Rene Alexander Acosta (born January 16, 1969) is an American attorney, academic, and politician who is the 27th and current United States Secretary of Labor.
 A Republican, he was appointed by President George W. Bush to the National Labor Relations Board and later served as Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights and federal prosecutor for the Southern District of Florida.
 On , President Donald Trump nominated Acosta to be United States Secretary of Labor.
 Acosta is the first and only Hispanic member of Trump's cabinet so far.
 He is the former dean of Florida International University College of Law.
Edward C. "Ed" Noonan (born Edward Clifford Davis September 25, 1948 in Prescott, Arizona) was the chairman of the American Independent Party.
 He was replaced as party chairman by Markham Robinson in July 2008.
 At the same meeting, national affiliation of the party was changed to America's Independent Party, which was the new political party of Alan Keyes.
 Noonan attended Santa Barbara City College, served four years in the U.S. Army, then attended Sacramento City College, American River College and Sacramento State College.
 Noonan is married to Patricia Hansen, and they have a son, E. Justin Noonan who ran for California State Treasurer in 2006.
 He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Edward C. Schulmerich (1863 – 1937) was a businessman and politician in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 A native of California, his German family moved to Oregon when he was a boy, settling near Hillsboro.
 There he worked in the banking industry and other professional pursuits.
 A Republican, he served in both houses of the Oregon Legislative Assembly and prior to that on the city council of Hillsboro.
 His former home, the Edward Schulmerich House, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Abilio James Acosta (born April 17, 1971) is an American journalist who is currently the Senior White House Correspondent for CNN.
 Previously, Acosta served as the National Political Correspondent for CNN.
USS "Edward C. Daly" (DE-17) was an "Evarts"-class "short-hull" destroyer escort in the service of the United States Navy, named after coxswain Edward C. Daly, killed on 7 December 1941 while serving on USS "Downes" .
Edward Cochrane McLean (October 16, 1903 – October 12, 1972), also known as Edward C. McLean and Edward C. McLean, Sr., was a 20th-Century American lawyer and federal judge.
Edward Charles "Ed" Hugler (born February 7, 1950) is Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations in the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management.
 That position has been his formal position at the United States Department of Labor since April 2000.
 However, he served as Acting Secretary of Labor from February 2–24, 2009, when Hilda Solis's nomination by President Barack Obama became bogged down during Senate confirmation hearings.
 He stepped down from the position when Solis was confirmed and sworn in as Secretary of Labor.
 Ed Hugler served as Acting Secretary of Labor from January 20, 2017 to April 28, 2017 until when Alexander Acosta was confirmed and sworn into office.
Edward Curtis Smith (January 5, 1854 – April 6, 1935) was an American politician from the US state of Vermont.
 He was a Republican.
 The son of Governor J. Gregory Smith, Edward C. Smith also served one term as governor of the state.
Abigail Pierrepont "Abby" Johnson (born December 19, 1961) is an American businesswoman.
 Since 2014, Johnson is president and chief executive officer of US investment firm Fidelity Investments (FMR), and chairwoman of its international sister company Fidelity International (FIL).
 Fidelity was founded by her grandfather Edward C. Johnson II.
 Her father Edward C. "Ned" Johnson III remains chairman emeritus of FMR.
 As of March 2013, the Johnson family owned a 49% stake in the company.
The Buffalo Germans was an early basketball team formed in 1895 at a YMCA on Buffalo's East Side.
 Team members included Dr. Fred Burkhardt (coach), Philip Dischinger, Henry J. Faust, Alfred A. Heerdt (captain), Edward Linneborn, John I. Maier, Albert W. Manweiler, Edward C. Miller, Harry J. Miller, Charles P. Monahan, George L. Redlein, Edmund Reimann, Williams C. Rhode and George Schell.
