The British Rail Mark 5 and Mark 5A is the designation given to new locomotive hauled rail carriages being built for operation by two train operating companies in Great Britain, Caledonian Sleeper and TransPennine Express
The British Rail Class 87 is a type of electric locomotive built in 1973–75 by British Rail Engineering Limited.
 Thirty-six of these locomotives were built to work passenger services over the West Coast Main Line (WCML).
 They were the flagships of British Rail's electric locomotive fleet until the late 1980s, when the Class 90s started to come on stream.
 The privatisation of British Rail saw all but one of the fleet transferred to Virgin Trains.
 They continued their duties until the advent of the new Class 390 "Pendolinos", when they were transferred to other operators or withdrawn.
 There is only one Class 87 still in use in Britain, 87002, owned by the AC Locomotive Group and solely used alongside 86101 for the occasional charter train.
 A large proportion of the fleet have now been exported to Bulgaria.
 87002 is currently hired by Serco to work the empty coaching stock of the "Caledonian Sleeper" services.
A Sleeper Either class (SLE) and Sleeper Either class with Pantry (SLEP) are a type of railway sleeping car used in Great Britain.
 Some units were later modified for better wheelchair access as Sleeper Either class Disabled (SLED).
 A smaller number reused in Denmark were classified as WLABr.
In the United Kingdom, the Royal Train is used to convey senior members of the British Royal Family and associated staff of the Royal Household around the railway network of Great Britain.
 It is formed from a dedicated set of claret liveried sleeper, dining and lounge carriages.
 The current stock dates from 1977-1987.
 They are arranged according to requirements, and stored when not in use.
 The earliest royal coaches date back to the mid-19th Century in the reign of Queen Victoria; until an upgrade in 1977 there were multiple sets based in different regions, a legacy of the pre-nationalisation era of railways in Britain.
 Many are now in museums or on heritage railways; the National Railway Museum in York has a royal themed exhibition.
 Dedicated locomotives have never traditionally been part of the Royal Train, first appearing in special livery only in the 1990s, but also seeing use on other trains since 2003.
 In the 21st Century, various preserved (and one new build) steam locomotives have also hauled the train on special occasions.
 Although regularly cited by critics as one of the unnecessary luxuries of the Royal Family, which has led to an increase in the alternate use of normal scheduled services where possible, supporters argue the current arrangement emphasizes utility over luxury, and is still often the most practical and secure mode of travel to fit the required itinerary and avoid disruption to the public.
