George Melville Baker (1832–1890) was a playwright and publisher in Boston, Massachusetts, in the 19th century.
 He worked for Lee & Shepard publishers, then opened his own imprint.
 "George M. Baker & Co." issued works by authors such as Henry M. Baker, F.E. Chase, and Herbert Pelham Curtis.
 Baker's company ceased in 1885, succeeded by his brother's "Walter H. Baker & Co." George Baker also performed with comedian Henry C. Barnabee, appearing in "lyceum entertainments" in New England.
 He belonged to the Mercantile Library Association.
 He married Emily Bowles in 1858; children included novelist Emilie Loring, playwright Rachel Baker Gale, and screenwriter Robert Melville Baker.
Robert Melville, 1st Lord Melville (c.1527–1621) was a Scottish diplomat, administrator, jurist, and intriguer, and uncle of the poet Elizabeth Melville.
Robert Melville is a British car designer currently working as Design Director at McLaren Automotive.
 He previously worked with Jaguar Land Rover and General Motors.
Robert Melville Smith was the deputy minister of the Ontario Department of Highways (now the Ministry of Transportation) between 1931 and 1943, serving under minister Thomas McQuesten.
 He is notable for bringing the concept of the freeway from Germany to Canada, resulting in the construction of the Queen Elizabeth Way as a divided road.
Robert Melville (31 December 1905 - March 1986) was an English art critic and journalist.
 Along with the artists Conroy Maddox and John Melville (his brother), he was a key member of the Birmingham Surrealists in the 1930s and 1940s.
 An early biographer of Picasso, he later become the art correspondent of the "New Statesman" and the "Architectural Review".
Robert Melville "Bob" Lee (born August 7, 1946 in Columbus, Ohio) is a former professional American football player.
 He graduated from Lowell High School (San Francisco) in 1963.
 Nicknamed "General" Bob Lee during a brief period of success with the Atlanta Falcons, Lee was selected in the 17th round by the Minnesota Vikings in the 1968 NFL Draft.
 A quarterback and punter from the University of the Pacific, Lee played in 14 NFL seasons from 1967-1981 for 3 different teams.
Robert Melville Cuthbertson (18 June 1869 – 4 July 1940) was an Australian politician.
Robert Ayres Barnet or R. A. Barnet (1853-1933) was an American musical theatre lyricist in New York City and Boston, Massachusetts, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 He wrote lyrics for "1492" and "Excelsior Jr." Collaborators included Robert Melville Baker, George Whitefield Chadwick, Edward Warren Corliss, Louis F. Gottschalk, Harry Lawson Heartz, David Kilburn Stevens, Lewis Sabin Thompson, and George Lowell Tracy.
 He belonged to the Boston Cadets, and contributed to the group's amateur theatricals.
 For example, his "Jack and the Beanstock" premiered in 1896 at Boston's Tremont Theatre.
 It was performed by the "Boston Cadets, who always present Barnet's pieces before they are staged professionally.
 The new piece is ... a fairy Mother Goose burlesque.
 The music is by A.B. Sloane.
 ... Augustus Pitou, Klaw & Erlanger, E.E. Rice, and other prominent gentlemen" attended.
 The female impersonator Julian Eltinge appeared in the early shows.
 Barnet died in New York in 1933.
Study for Crouching Nude is a 1952 painting by the Irish-born artist Francis Bacon.
 It was painted in the Spring of 1952, and shows a perched figure whose form was likely derived from Muybridge's "Man Performing a Standing Jump".
 The painting was first displayed – in place of "Study for Portrait" (1949) – at "Recent Trends in Realist Painting" (organized by Robert Melville and David Sylvester) at the Institute of Contemporary Arts, London, from July to August 1952.
Earl of Melville is a title in the Peerage of Scotland.
 It was created in 1690 for the Scottish soldier and statesman George Melville, 4th Lord Melville.
 He was made Lord Raith, Monymaill and Balwearie and Viscount of Kirkcaldy at the same time, also in the Peerage of Scotland.
 He married Catherine Leslie, daughter of Alexander Leslie, Lord Balgonie, and granddaughter of Alexander Leslie, 1st Earl of Leven.
 Lord Melville was succeeded upon his death in 1707 by his eldest surviving son, David, who already in 1681 had succeeded to the earldom of Leven through his mother.
 The two earldoms have since remained united.
 For further history of the titles, see Earl of Leven.
 The title Lord Melville, of Monymaill, was created in the Peerage of Scotland in 1616 for Robert Melville, an Extraordinary Lord of Session under the judicial title Lord Murdochairnie, with remainder to his elder brother, John Melville.
 He was succeeded by his son, Robert, the second Lord.
 He was a Lord of Session under the judicial title Lord Burntisland.
 In 1628 he obtained a regrant of the title with remainder to his heirs general bearing the name of Melville.
 Lord Melville died childless and was succeeded by his first cousin once removed, John Melville, the third Lord, grandson of the aforementioned John Melville, elder brother of the first Lord.
 The third Lord was succeeded by his son, the aforementioned fourth Lord, who was created Earl of Melville in 1690.
