The British Academy Film Awards or BAFTA Film Awards are presented in an annual award show hosted by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) to honour the best British and international contributions to film.
 Between 2008 and 2016, the ceremony was held in central London at the Royal Opera House, having taken over from the flagship Odeon cinema in Leicester Square.
 The 70th British Academy Film Awards were held on 12 February 2017 at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
The 1st British Film Academy Awards (retroactively known as the British Academy Film Awards), were handed out on 29 May 1949 at the Odeon Cinema, Leicester Square, in London, for films shown in the United Kingdom in 1947 and 1948.
 They were presented by the British Film Academy (currently, British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA)), an organisation established in 1947 by filmmakers from Great Britain, for the "advancement of the art and technique of the film".
 The Academy bestowed accolades in three categories: Best British Film, Best Picture from any source - British or Foreign and a Special Award.
 British film producer Michael Balcon chaired the ceremony.
The 2nd British Film Awards, known retroactively as the British Academy Film Awards, were given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) (known then as the British Film Academy) on 29 May 1949, and honoured the best films of 1948.
 Three new awards were handed out for Best Documentary, Special awards for film and the United Nations Award for the "best Film embodying one or more of the principles of the United Nations Charter".
 British films "The Fallen Idol" and "Hamlet" received the awards for Best British Film and Best Film from any Source, respectively.
The 3rd British Film Awards, known retroactively as the British Academy Film Awards, were given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) (known then as the British Film Academy) on 29 May 1950, and honoured the best films of 1948 and 1949.
 The awards for Best British Film and Best Film from any Source was handed out to "The Third Man" and "Bicycle Thieves", respectively, and "The Third Man" was the most nominated feature film, with two.
The BAFTA Award for Outstanding British Film is given annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts presented at the British Academy Film Awards.
 The award was first given at the 1st British Academy Film Awards, recognising the films of 1947, and lasted until 1968.
 For over two decades there was not a specific category for British cinema, until it was revived at the 46th British Academy Film Awards, recognising the films of 1992.
 It was previously known as the Alexander Korda Award for Best British Film; while still given in honour of Korda, the award is now called "Outstanding British Film".
The 5th British Academy Film Awards, retroactively known as the British Academy Film Awards, given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) (previously the British Film Academy) in 1952, honoured the best films of 1951.
 La Ronde won the award for Best Film".
The 6th British Academy Film Awards, retroactively known as the British Academy Film Awards, given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) (previously the British Film Academy) in 1953, honoured the best films of 1952.
 The Sound Barrier won the award for Best Film".
The BAFTA Award for Best Film is given annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts and presented at the British Academy Film Awards.
 It has been given since the 1st BAFTA Awards, representing the best films of 1947, but until 1969 it was called the BAFTA Award for Best Film From Any Source.
 It is possible for films from any country to be nominated, although British films are also recognised in the category BAFTA Award for Best British Film and (since 1983) foreign-language films in BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language.
 As such, there have been multiple occasions of a film being nominated in two of these categories.
The 70th British Academy Film Awards, and for sponsorship reasons the "EE British Academy Film Awards", more commonly known as the BAFTAs, were held on 12 February 2017 at the Royal Albert Hall in London, honouring the best British and international contributions to film of 2016.
 Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), accolades are handed out for the best feature-length film and documentaries of any nationality screened at British cinemas in 2016.
BAFTA in Scotland is the Scottish branch of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
 Formed in 1986, the branch holds two annual awards ceremonies recognising the achievement by performers and production staff in Scottish film, television and video games.
 These Awards are separate from the British Academy Television Awards and British Academy Film Awards.
