Bitið fast í vitið (roughly "Bite Hard In Your Mind" in Icelandic) is the début EP of Icelander punk/pop group Tappi Tíkarrass .
 It was released in late-1982 on the Spor label, within a year of the band's formation in September 1981 – led by vocalists Björk and Eyþór Arnalds .
 This was the band's most punk-oriented release and contains five tracks, featuring one in English, "London".
Folk rock is a music genre combining elements of folk music and rock music.
 In its earliest and narrowest sense, the term referred to a genre that arose in the United States and the United Kingdom around the mid-1960s.
 The genre emerged from bands such as the Beatles, the Searchers, and the Animals in the UK, and Bob Dylan and the Byrds in the US, who played traditional folk music and songs with rock instrumentation.
 The term "folk rock" is first noted as being used by the U.S. music press in June 1965 to describe the Byrds' music; the band's debut album was released the same month.
Rave music may either refer to the late 1980s/early 1990s genres of house, breakbeat, acid house, techno and hardcore techno, which were the first genres of music to be played at rave parties, or to any other genre of electronic dance music (EDM) that may be played at a rave.
 The genre "rave", also known as hardcore by early ravers, first appeared amongst the UK "acid" movement during the late 1980s at warehouse parties and other underground venues, as well as on UK pirate radio stations.
 The genre would develop into oldschool hardcore, which lead onto newer forms of rave music such as drum and bass and 2-step, as well as other hardcore techno genres, such as gabber, hardstyle and happy hardcore.
 Rave music is usually presented in a DJ mix set, although live performances are not uncommon.
Kidandali is a stylistic music genre and one of only 2 music genres native to Uganda, the other being Kadongo Kamu.
 Kidandali is a word from the Ganda language which in translation can mean "local party" or "celebration".
 Music concerts and traditional wedding ceremonies (kwanjula) are examples of such "bidandali".
 The music itself is given this name because most times it is the kind of music played or performed at such local parties and functions.
 Some other sources and commentators refer to the genre alternatively as "Band music" while others refer to it as "Afrobeat".
Miranda is the only studio album by Icelandic punk band Tappi Tíkarrass.
 It was released on December 23, 1983 through Gramm.
Disco polo is a musical genre of popular music that is dance music, created in Poland in the late 1980s, initially known as "sidewalks music" ("muzyka chodnikowa").
 This trend, also known as city folklore music, was popular in the mid-late 1990s, with its peak taking place around 1995–1997.
 Later observed a gradual decline in the popularity led to the temporary collapse in the early twenty-first century.
 Disco polo have enjoyed a renaissance of popularity in late 2007.
 Language Dictionary Polish Publishing PWN defines the genre as a Polish variant of disco music, with simple melodies.
 It is derived from disco, Euro disco contemporary folk music influenced by Italo disco and Polish folk songs (specifically, the vulgarized subgenre of which is mostly played at weddings and feasts).
Nýtt Líf (   , English: "New Life") is an Icelandic film directed by Þráinn Bertelsson and released in 1983.
 The film is a comedy shot in the Westman Islands and stars Eggert Þorleifsson and Karl Ágúst Úlfsson, among others.
 The music features several musicians including the band Tappi Tíkarrass (of which Björk was a member), which contributed the songs "Sperglar" and "Kukl" (a.k.a. "Seiður").
Chamber jazz is a genre of jazz involving small, acoustic-based ensembles where group interplay is important.
 It is influenced aesthetically by musical neoclassicism and is often influenced by classical forms of Western music as well as non-Western music or culture.
 That stated, in many cases the influence is traditional Celtic music, , or Latin American music instead.
 The genre primarily began in Europe so significant neoclassical composers of Europe, like Igor Stravinsky, are important in it.
 The German ECM Records also played a role in it beginning in the late 1960s.
 It is also noted for using instruments not normally associated with jazz.
 For example, chamber jazz will make use of the oboe, mandolin, cymbalum, or the tabla.
Steeltown were an Australian band based in the city of Brisbane who performed in the 90s a genre of synth, rock, pop and produced their greatest top forty chart hit with the song 'Hero' which was released in September 1991.
 They notably sold more recordings than any other band of the time based in the state of Queensland.
 (the video and a live performance can be seen on YouTube).
 The group members were Andy Richmond vocals, Peter Howard keyboards, Terry Gidman drums and Kate Richmond vocals and percussion and Reece Speceis Lead Guitar.
 The band were formed from the remnant members of a Scottish group called the Technicians who migrated to Australia in the 80s and who also attained top 40 status with their music releases, Hot for Love, Clockwork Clown and Sodier of Fortune through record companies Powderworks, EMI and BMG, and were published by MMA which was owned by legendary rock outfit INXS.
Tappi Tíkarrass was an Icelandic punk band which added elements of funk, rock and jazz to their music, marking a difference from other traditional bands at that time.
 The band is also considered the first serious music project of now renowned singer Björk Guðmundsdóttir.
