The Minnesota Vikings season was the 30th year season for the Minnesota Vikings and the 71st regular season of the National Football League.
 The Vikings finished with a record of six wins and ten losses.
 After beginning the season 1–1, the Vikings dropped their next five games and found themselves at 1–6.
 However, they caught fire mid-season with a five-game winning streak to even their record at 6–6 (including a 41–13 thumping of the eventual NFC Central champion Chicago Bears in Week 12).
 While being in the thick of the wild card race, the Vikings suddenly fell apart with a four-game losing streak to finish at 6–10.
The 1964 Minnesota Vikings season was the fourth year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 45th regular season of the National Football League.
 The Vikings finished with a record of eight wins, five losses, and one tie under head coach Norm Van Brocklin.
 The eight wins was the most at the time in the franchise's four-year history.
 To date, this is the only season the Vikings wore white jerseys for their home games.
The Minnesota Vikings season was the 37th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 78th regular season of the National Football League.
 The Vikings finished with a record of nine wins and seven losses.
 Their record was good enough to qualify for a wild card berth.
 In the wild card round against the New York Giants, the Vikings came back from a 22–13 deficit with 90 seconds to play to defeat the Giants 23–22.
 It was their first playoff victory since 1988 and their first under head coach Dennis Green.
 In the Divisional round, the Vikings were defeated by the San Francisco 49ers, 38–22.
The Minnesota Vikings season was the 35th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 76th regular season of the National Football League.
 The Vikings finished with a record of eight wins and eight losses.
 The Vikings however had a chance to still make the playoffs entering Week 17 at Cincinnati.
 But with the Bears and the Falcons winning their games to fight for the final spot in the playoffs, it was too much to overcome for Minnesota to clinch.
 This was the first time the Vikings had not reached the playoffs under Green.
The Minnesota Vikings season was the 36th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 77th regular season of the National Football League.
 The Vikings finished with a record of nine wins and seven losses.
The 1962 Minnesota Vikings season was the second year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 43rd regular season of the National Football League.
 The Vikings finished with a record of two wins, 11 losses, and one tie under head coach Norm Van Brocklin.
 The 2-11-1 record still stands as the Vikings' worst season record by terms of winning percentage, both by today's standards (.179) and back then (.154), where ties weren't counted as games played.
 The Vikings have won at least three games in every season since.
James Bradley "Brad" Johnson (born September 13, 1968) is a former American football quarterback.
 Johnson grew up in Black Mountain, North Carolina.
 At Florida State University, Johnson originally played college basketball before switching to football in his third year.
 The Minnesota Vikings drafted Johnson in the ninth round of the 1992 NFL Draft.
 He spent seven seasons with the Vikings and two seasons with the Washington Redskins before becoming the starting quarterback of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2001.
 He led the Buccaneers to the Super Bowl XXXVII title.
 He played for the Buccaneers for four seasons from 2001 to 2004, the Minnesota Vikings for two more seasons from 2005 to 2006, and the Dallas Cowboys where he played in 2007.
On October 6, 2005, an alleged sex party occurred on Lake Minnetonka with seventeen key members of the Minnesota Vikings football team; including quarterback Daunte Culpepper, Fred Smoot, Mewelde Moore, Pat Williams, Bryant McKinnie, Nate Burleson, Ralph Brown, Jermaine Wiggins, Troy Williamson (who was then beginning his rookie season), Travis Taylor, Kevin Williams, Lance Johnstone, Moe Williams, and Willie Offord.
 Two houseboats were rented and some, but not all, of the players performed sexual acts in front of crew members.
 Prostitutes from Atlanta and Florida were flown in for the party, in order to perform the sex acts.
 There were at least ninety people on the two boats, and Smoot later estimated that there were 100 women present.
 An anonymous former player of the Minnesota Vikings claimed that this is not the first time that such an incident had happened.
 The scandal has sometimes been referred to as the Love Boat scandal after the television program, or as the Smoot Boat Scandal in the news.
The Minnesota Vikings season was the 34th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 75th regular season of the National Football League.
 The Vikings finished with a record of ten wins and six losses.
 For the third straight season in the Dennis Green era, the Vikings did not make it out of the Wild Card round, losing 35-18 to the rival Chicago Bears.
The Minnesota Vikings Cheerleaders are the official cheer squad for the Minnesota Vikings.
 The squad performs at every home game at the U.S. Bank Stadium, the home stadium of Minnesota.
 Before the squad's introduction in 1984, The Vi-Queens (1961–63) and the St. Louis Park High School Parkettes performed (1964–83).
 In 1984, the MVC were started.
 The group currently has 35 members.
 The squad, like other groups in the league, releases a swimsuit calendar annually since 2001.
 The squad also makes off-field appearances at parades, schools, and charity events.
 Like other NFL cheerleading squads, the MVC also has a "Junior Minnesota Vikings Cheerleaders" program, which has various divisions: Junior Angel Division is for girls aged 3–5, and Junior Cheerleader Division is for girls aged 6–14.
 In April, the MVC hosts tryouts at Winter Park.
