Once Upon a Time in the Northeast is a 2017 Chinese action comedy film directed by Guo Dalei and starring Jia Nailiang, Ma Li, Wang Xun, Liang Chao, Yu Yang, Qu Jingjing, Eric Tsang and Chin Shih-chieh.
 It was released in China on 3 February 2017.
Jia Nailiang (; born April 12, 1984 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese actor.
Destined to Love You (Chinese: 偏偏喜欢你) is a 2015 Chinese television series created by Tong Hua and starring Joe Chen, Jia Nailiang and Bosco Wong with a special appearance by Zheng Shuang.
 It aired on Hunan TV from 16 June to 11 July 2015.
Quitting () is a 2001 Chinese drama film directed by Zhang Yang, starring and based on the true life story of Jia Hongsheng.
 Jia, an actor and former drug addict, battled his addiction to marijuana and heroin for five years from 1992 to 1997.
 All members of the cast, from Jia and Jia's family members right down to the doctors and patients at a mental institute Jia was admitted to, are real people playing themselves.
 The film premiered at the Venice Film Festival on 4 September 2001 and clinched the NETPAC Award.
Queen Dugu (Chinese: 独孤皇后) is an upcoming Chinese television series starring Joe Chen and Chen Xiao.
 It is about the love story between Dugu Qieluo and Yang Jian, and how they work together to establish the Sui Dynasty.
The World () is a 2004 Chinese film written and directed by Jia Zhangke.
 Starring Jia's muse, Zhao Tao, as well as Chen Taisheng, "The World" was filmed on and around an actual theme park located in Beijing, Beijing World Park, which recreates world landmarks at reduced scales for Chinese tourists.
 "The World" was Jia's first to gain official approval from the Chinese government.
 Additionally, it was the first of his films to take place outside of his home province of Shanxi.
Ying Ye 3 Jia 1 (樱野3加1), also known as Sakurano in the Philippines, is a Taiwanese drama that airs Sunday on TTV/SETTV.
 This drama brings back Ming Dao and Joe Chen Qiao En.
Dad is Back () is a Chinese reality-variety show that airs on ZRTG's Zhejiang Television, starring former Taiwanese boy band Fahrenheit member Wu Chun, film producer and president of Huayi Brothers film production company Zhong Lei Wang, actor Jia Nailiang, and former national gymnast Li Xiapeng.
 The show began airing on April 24, 2014, Thursday nights at 10:00 PM Beijing Time with 12 episodes total.
Fated to Love You (), also known as "You're My Destiny", "Sticky Note Girl" or "Destiny Love", is a 2008 Taiwanese drama starring Joe Chen, Ethan Juan, Baron Chen and Bianca Bai.
 The series was first broadcast in Taiwan on free-to-air Taiwan Television (TTV) (台視) from 16 March 2008 to 24 August 2008, every Sunday at 22:00 and cable TV Sanlih E-Television (三立電視) from 22 March 2008 to 30 August 2008, every Saturday at 21:00.
 It was produced by Sanlih E-Television and directed by Chen Ming Zhang () with location filming in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Shanghai.
High Flying Songs of Tang Dynasty, also known as Da Tang Ge Fei, and originally known in Chinese as 大唐歌妃, is a Chinese television series based on the romance between the Tang dynasty singer-dancer Xu Hezi (许合子) and her lover Yin Menghe (尹梦荷), as well as a fictitious account of their involvement in the events in the reign of Emperor Xuanzong.
 Starring Ma Su and Jia Nailiang as the couple, the series was first aired on CCTV-8 in mainland China on 20 September 2003.
