The Ann Arbor Ice Cube (stylized as A²I³) is a 1,000-seat multi-purpose arena located in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
 The ice arena is also the former home to the USA Hockey National Team Development Program competing in the Tier I Jr.
 Hockey United States Hockey League.
 The arena is also home to several local high school ice hockey teams, and is used by local figure skating clubs, youth, and adult rec.
 ice hockey leagues, as well as public skating.
The St. Joseph Civic Arena is a 3,800-seat multi-purpose arena built in 1980 in St. Joseph, Missouri USA.
 It is used mainly to host indoor sporting events, such as basketball, arena football and National Bull Riding Finals.
 It has hosted two American Professional Football League franchises, the St. Joseph Explorers in 2003 and the St. Joseph Storm in 2005.
 It hosted the NCAA Women's Division II Basketball Championship in 2003, 2004, 2010 and 2011.
 It has and continues to host the National Federation of Professional Bullriders' National Finals, 2012 will mark their 14th year at the Civic Arena.
 The arena is also home to the Blacksnake Rollergirls MADE roller derby league.
Westside Baltimore is the western portion of downtown Baltimore that includes Market Center and many of the newest developments in downtown Baltimore.
 It has increasingly become the preferred residential section of downtown.
 It is also home to the site of the "Superblock" project that will include hundreds of condos and apartments as well as a variety of retail and commercial space.
 The former home of Baltimore's many and famed department stores, Westside Baltimore is now anchored by the University of Maryland, Baltimore consisting of the University of Maryland Health System, University of Maryland School of Law and the University of Maryland Biopark.
 The Westside is also home to several performing arts centers, including the Hippodrome Theatre, Royal Farms Arena and the future home of the Everyman Theatre.
The Adelaide Adrenaline are a semi-professional ice hockey team based Adelaide, South Australia.
 They are members of the Australian Ice Hockey League (AIHL).
 The team plays its home games at the Ice Arena, located in the suburb of Thebarton.
 The team were founded in 2008 as the Adelaide A's to replace the Adelaide Avalanche who had folded mid-season.
 They changed their to the Adrenaline the following season.
 The Adrenaline's best result in the regular season was in the 2012 season where they finished second in their conference and second overall.
 The team have qualified for the playoffs on four occasions, winning the Goodall Cup in 2009 and finishing runners-up in 2010.
The Edge Ice Arena includes "The Edge on John Street", "The Water's Edge Aquatic Center", and The "Edge II Ice Arena" a 3,000-seat multi-purpose arena located in Bensenville, Illinois.
 It had been used as the official training facility and practice arena for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League before the team built a new downtown Chicago training facility.
 The arena also had been used by Chicago Steel (USHL) from 2000-2015.
 The ice arena is also the home to the Robert Morris University Eagles Men's and Women's college ice hockey teams competing at the ACHA DI level.
 The Edge is also home to several local high school ice hockey teams, and is used by local figure skating clubs, youth, and adult rec.
 ice hockey leagues (the Chicago Blues), as well as public skating.
Pettigrew Green Arena is a multi-purpose indoor sports and entertainment centre in Taradale near Napier, New Zealand.
 The centre opened in April 2003, and regularly hosts volleyball, basketball and netball matches for Hawke's Bay representative teams.
 The main court has a capacity of 2,500.
 The centre hosted an ANZ Championship match for the Central Pulse against the Adelaide Thunderbirds in Round 14 of the 2008 season.
 The Arena is also home to the Hawke's Bay Hawks.
Tiger Arena is a 6,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Savannah, Georgia, United States.
 It is home to the Savannah State University Tigers basketball and volleyball teams.
 Tiger Arena has previously hosted the Georgia High School Association boys and girls playoffs (first round), the annual Georgia Athletic Coaches Association's North-South All-Star Game (2003-2008), and the Savannah Holiday Classic high school girls basketball tournament.
 It is also home to the Savannah Steam of American Indoor Football.
Winnipeg Arena was an indoor arena located in the Polo Park district of Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
 The arena was the city's premier ice hockey venue from 1955 to 2004 and is best remembered as the home of the first Winnipeg Jets franchise, which played in the World Hockey Association (WHA) from 1972 to 1979 and the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1979 to 1996.
 It was also home to junior and minor league teams such as the Manitoba Moose (1996–2004) and Winnipeg Warriors (1955–1961).
 The arena closed after the completion of the MTS Centre in November 2004 and was later demolished.
 A retail and commercial complex occupies the site today.
Ossian C. Bird Arena is an ice arena and recreational sport facility located in Athens, Ohio and owned and operated by Ohio University.
 The arena serves as the home for Ohio University ACHA Men's college ice hockey team that competes in the American Collegiate Hockey Association at the Division I level as a member of the Central States Collegiate Hockey League.
 Bird Arena is also home to the Ohio University Synchronized Skating Team who compete in the Open Collegiate division of synchronized skating.
Sports in the Washington, D.C. area include major league sports teams, popular college sports teams, and a variety of other team and individual sports.
 The Washington metro area is also home to several major sports venues including Capital One Arena, RFK Stadium, FedExField, and Nationals Park.
 Washington teams are widely known as some of the least successful in American sports, as no big four team has reached its sport's conference championship round since the 1998 Stanley Cup playoffs and no team has won a championship since the Redskins won Super Bowl XXVI.
 The area is also home to two regional sports television networks, Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic, which is based in Bethesda, Maryland and Mid-Atlantic Sports Network.
