John Butler (born April 3, 1973) is an American football coach who is currently the secondary coach for the Houston Texans.
 He previously served as defensive coordinator and secondary coach for the Penn State Nittany Lions.
 He was promoted to that role from secondary coach on January 9, 2013 over longer-tenured defensive assistants Larry Johnson and Ron Vanderlinden.
 Prior to working at Penn State, he served at a variety of colleges as an assistant coach, primarily for linebackers or special teams, including at South Carolina and Minnesota.
Tony Johnson (born March 12, 1982) is a former American football wide receiver.
 He played collegiately at Penn State from 2000 to 2003.
 Entering the 2008 season, he was ranked 10th all time in receptions for the Nittany Lions with 107, and 9th in receiving yards with 1,702.
 Johnson was listed at 5'11, 209 lbs.
 and wore number 11.
 His older brother is former NFL running back Larry Johnson.
 Tony was also Larry's manager.
Larry Johnson (born in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American author and former employee of the Alcor Life Extension Foundation (Alcor), a cryonics company for whom he once served as chief operating officer.
 He received notoriety with the release of the August 13, 2003 issue of "Sports Illustrated".
 "Sports Illustrated" sportswriter Tom Verducci, along with Johnson's input, published an article about “What Really Happened to Ted Williams?"
 Immediately following the "Sports Illustrated" article, Johnson agreed to an interview with Diane Sawyer of Good Morning America.
Larry Alphonso Johnson Jr. (born November 19, 1979) is a former American football running back in the National Football League (NFL).
 He played college football for Penn State University, and was recognized as a unanimous All-American.
 He was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft, and also played for the Cincinnati Bengals, Washington Redskins and Miami Dolphins of the NFL.
James Lamont Scott (born June 30, 1972) in Paterson, New Jersey is an American former professional basketball player.
 He graduated from EastSide High School in 1991, where he was named McDonald's High School "All-American" Basketball Player.
 After graduating from EastSide High School in 1991, James attended Spartanburg Methodist Junior College, graduating with an associate degree in Criminal Justice.
 There is where he earned honors as a two-time Junior College "All-American", with an average of 23 points, 10 rebounds, and 10 assists.
 James Scott along with Larry Johnson, a now retired NBA athlete who played for the Charlotte Hornets and the New York Knicks, are the only two freshman players in Junior College history to be named two time "All-American".
After graduating from St. John's University in 1995, he went unselected in the 1995 NBA draftScott carved out a career primarily in France, Germany, Greece, Israel, Italy, Kosovo, Spain, Turkey, and also Russia, although he did play for the NBA's Miami Heat for eight games in the beginning of the 1996–97 season.
Larry Johnson (born c. 1952) is an American football coach, currently the defensive line and assistant head coach at Ohio State University.
 He served as an assistant football coach at Pennsylvania State University from 1996 to 2013.
 Johnson was a high school football coach in the Washington, D.C. area from 1983 to 1993.
 He is the father of former National Football League running back Larry Johnson and former Penn State wide receiver Tony Johnson.
Wallace Larry Haney (born November 19, 1942 in Charlottesville, Virginia) is an American former Major League Baseball catcher.
 He played from 1966 to 1978 for the Baltimore Orioles, Seattle Pilots, Oakland Athletics, St. Louis Cardinals, and Milwaukee Brewers.
 Haney later served as bullpen coach with the Brewers.
 His son, Chris Haney, pitched in the majors, primarily for the Kansas City Royals.
 During a 13-year baseballcareer, He hit .215, 12 home runs, and 73 runs batted in.
Dr. Larry Johnson (born December 17, 1950, in Corpus Christi, Texas) is an American futurist, author, and educator.
 Currently, Dr. Johnson serves as the Founder and CEO of EdFutures.org, an international think tank, and as a Senior Fellow of the Center for Digital Education.
 From 2001-2016, he served as Chief Executive Officer of the New Media Consortium an international consortium of hundreds of universities, colleges, museums, research centers, and technology companies.
Helen Johnson-Leipold is an American billionaire businesswoman, the daughter of Samuel Curtis Johnson, Jr., who died in 2004, and Imogene Powers Johnson and the great great granddaughter of S. C. Johnson & Son founder Samuel Curtis Johnson, Sr..
 She was elected Chairman and CEO of Johnson Outdoors in March 1999, and she was elected Chairman of Johnson Financial Group in July 2004.
 Both are components of the Johnson Family Enterprises.
 She began her career at Foote, Cone & Belding in Chicago in 1979 and joined S. C. Johnson & Son in September 1985.
 She is tied with her three siblings and mother at #182 on the Forbes 400 list of Richest Americans.
 Johnson-Leipold was born in Racine, Wisconsin.
Reverend Gary Davis, also Blind Gary Davis (born Gary D. Davis, April 30, 1896 – May 5, 1972), was a blues and gospel singer who was also proficient on the banjo, guitar and harmonica.
 His fingerpicking guitar style influenced many other artists.
 His students include Stefan Grossman, David Bromberg, Steve Katz, Roy Book Binder, Larry Johnson, Nick Katzman, Dave Van Ronk, Rory Block, Ernie Hawkins, Larry Campbell, Bob Weir, Woody Mann, and Tom Winslow.
 He influenced Bob Dylan, the Grateful Dead, Wizz Jones, Jorma Kaukonen, Keb' Mo', Ollabelle, Resurrection Band, and John Sebastian (of the Lovin' Spoonful).
