Ip Man 2 (also known as Ip Man 2: Legend of the Grandmaster) is a 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film loosely based on the life of Ip Man, a grandmaster of the martial art Wing Chun.
 A sequel to the 2008 film "Ip Man", "Ip Man 2" was directed by Wilson Yip and stars Donnie Yen, who reprises the leading role.
 Continuing after the events of the earlier film, the sequel centers on Ip's movements in Hong Kong, which is under British colonial rule.
 He attempts to propagate his discipline of Wing Chun, but faces rivalry from other practitioners, including the local master of Hung Ga martial arts.
Ip Man: The Final Fight is a 2013 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film directed by Herman Yau, starring Anthony Wong, Anita Yuen, Jordan Chan, Eric Tsang and Gillian Chung.
 It is based on the life of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man.
 This film has no connection to the earlier Ip Man films, such as Wilson Yip's "Ip Man" and "Ip Man 2", and Wong Kar-wai's "The Grandmaster".
Ip Man is a 2008 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film based on the life of Ip Man, a grandmaster of the martial art Wing Chun and teacher of Bruce Lee.
 The film focuses on events in Ip's life that supposedly took place in the city of Foshan during the Sino-Japanese War.
 The film was directed by Wilson Yip, and stars Donnie Yen as Ip Man, with martial arts choreography by Sammo Hung.
 The supporting cast includes Simon Yam, Lynn Hung, Lam Ka-tung, Xing Yu, Hiroyuki Ikeuchi and Tenma Shibuya.
Ashton Chen Xiaolong (born 6 January 1988 in Dengfeng, Zhengzhou, Henan), also known by his stage name Shi Xiaolong ("Sik Siu-Lung" in Cantonese), is a Chinese actor and martial artist.
 He is also credited as Xiaolung, Tommy Sik, Shi Xiao-Lung, Shi Xiao-Long, Shi Shao-Long, Shieh Shiao-Long, Xi Xiao-Long, Sik Siu-Loong, and S. L. Sik on some of his films.
 He has been a disciple of Shi Yongxin, the current abbot of Shaolin Temple, since he was two years old.
 Originally named "Chen Xiaolong", Chen was given a dharma name—Shi Xiaolong—by the abbot.
 He was taught martial arts by his father and Shi Yongxin at a young age.
 He gained attention in the entertainment industry after his performance at the International Shaolin Kung Fu Festival in Zhengzhou at the age of four.
 He became a child actor in China and achieved great success in films such as the 1994 martial arts comedy "" (新乌龙院).
 In 2003, he stopped acting and went to study in the United States.
 In 2005, he returned to China and starred as Zhan Zhao in the television series "Young Justice Bao III".
 In 2007, he continued his studies in the United States and graduated from high school in 2008 from the prestigious Performing Children's School (PCS) in New York City.
 He has continued his acting career in China since then.
 In 2010, Chen played one of Ip Man's students in the martial arts film "Ip Man 2".
Ip Man is a series of Hong Kong biographical martial arts films starting with "Ip Man" in 2008 and followed by two sequels – "Ip Man 2" (2010) and "Ip Man 3" (2015).
 All three films are directed by Wilson Yip, written by Edmond Wong, produced by Raymond Wong and star Donnie Yen.
 Mandarin Films released the first two films in Hong Kong, which earned more than $37 million with a budget of around $24.6 million.
 The films are based on the life events of the Wing Chun master of the same name.
 Donnie Yen has mentioned each film has a unique theme, that the first "Ip Man" film was about "Survival", "Ip Man 2" focuses on "Making a Living and Adaptation", while "Ip Man 3" focuses on "Life" itself.
The Grandmaster is a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese martial arts drama film based on the life story of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man.
 The film was directed and written by Wong Kar-wai and stars Tony Leung as Ip Man.
 It was released on 8 January 2013 in China.
 It was the opening film at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2013.
 The film was selected as part of the 2013 Hong Kong International Film Festival.
 The Weinstein Company acquired the international distribution rights for the film.
 The film was selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards, making the January shortlist, but did not get the nomination.
 The film was nominated for Best Cinematography (Philippe Le Sourd) and Best Costume Design (William Chang Suk Ping) at the 86th Academy Awards.
Martial arts film is a film genre.
 A subgenre of the action film, martial arts films contain numerous martial arts fights between characters.
 They are usually the films' primary appeal and entertainment value, and often are a method of storytelling and character expression and development.
 Martial arts are frequently featured in training scenes and other sequences in addition to fights.
 Martial arts films commonly include other types of action, such as hand-to-hand combats, stuntwork, chases, and gunfights.
Ip Man is a 2013 Chinese television series romanticising the life of Ip Man (Mandarin: Ye Wen), a Chinese martial artist specialising in Wing Chun.
 Directed by Fan Xiaotian, the series starred Hong Kong actor Kevin Cheng as the title character, with Han Xue, Liu Xiaofeng, Chrissie Chau, Song Yang, Yu Rongguang, Yuen Wah and Bruce Leung as part of the supporting cast.
 Wilson Yip, the director of the films "Ip Man" and "Ip Man 2" (starring Donnie Yen), and Taiwanese producer Young Pei-pei served as the artistic consultants for the series, while Ip Man's sons, Ip Chun and Ip Ching, served as the martial arts consultants.
 The series was shot from July–November 2012 in Kunshan, Suzhou, and was first aired on Shandong TV from 24 February to 9 March 2013.
 It won the Golden Eagle Award for Best Television Series in 2012.
The Legend Is Born – Ip Man is a 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film based on the early life of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man, directed by Herman Yau and starring Dennis To in the titular role.
 Though not made in collaboration with Wilson Yip's "Ip Man" or "Ip Man 2", "The Legend is Born" features several actors who appeared in Yip's films, including Sammo Hung, Louis Fan, and Chen Zhihui.
 The film also features a special appearance by Ip Chun, the son of Ip Man.
Ip Man 3 is a 2015 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film directed by Wilson Yip, produced by Raymond Wong and written by Edmond Wong with action choreography by Yuen Woo-ping.
 It is the third in the "Ip Man" film series based on the life of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man and features Donnie Yen reprising the title role.
 The film also stars Mike Tyson, and Yip Man's pupil Bruce Lee is portrayed by Danny Chan.
 Principal photography commenced in March 2015 and ended in June that year.
