Ischnodemus sabuleti, also known as the European chinch bug, is a species of swarming true bug from the family Blissidae, which family also includes the American Chinch Bug "Blissus leucopterus".
 It was first described by Carl Fredrik Fallén in 1826.
The green shield bug ("Palomena prasina") is a shield bug of the family Pentatomidae.
 It may also be referred to as a green stink bug, particularly outside of Britain, although the name green stink bug more appropriately belongs to the larger North American stink bug, "Acrosternum hilare".
 The adult green shield bug ranges in the colour of their backs from bright green to bronze, without any substantial markings.
 Green shield bugs are a very common shield bug throughout Europe, including the British Isles, and are found in a large variety of habitats, including gardens.
 They have been found as far north as 63° N latitude.
Melacoryphus lateralis is a species of true bug, one of several called black-and-red seed bug.
 Black and fringed with red and gray, some call it the charcoal seed bug, due to its resemblance to a dying ember.
 Native to the deserts of western North American, they have a tendency to appear in large numbers in the late summer.
American sweetgum ("Liquidambar styraciflua"), also known as American storax, hazel pine, bilsted, redgum, satin-walnut, star-leaved gum, alligatorwood, or simply sweetgum, is a deciduous tree in the genus "Liquidambar" native to warm temperate areas of eastern North America and tropical montane regions of Mexico and Central America.
 Sweet gum is one of the main valuable forest trees in the southeastern United States, and is a popular ornamental tree in temperate climates.
 It is recognizable by the combination of its five-pointed star-shaped leaves and its hard, spiked fruits.
 It is currently classified in the plant family Altingiaceae, but was formerly considered a member of the Hamamelidaceae.
Manahawkin Wildlife Management Area (Manahawkin Bottomland Hardwood Forest) is a 1642 acre wildlife management area near Manahawkin, Stafford Township, Ocean County, New Jersey.
 It was designated a National Natural Landmark in January 1976.
 It is known for its mature bottomland hardwood forest which contains examples of American sweetgum, red maple and black gum trees.
Liquidambar, commonly called sweetgum (sweet gum in the UK), gum, redgum, satin-walnut, or American storax, is the only genus in the flowering plant family Altingiaceae with 15 species.
 They were formerly often treated in Hamamelidaceae.
Stenodema laevigatum, or sometimes Stenodema laevigata (also called Grass bug), is a carnivorous species of bug from Miridae family.
 The species have a gray to brown elongated body, with the eyes located backwards in the head.
 Sometimes they might come in green colour.
 They are 8 - in length, which makes it a rather big species of its kind.
 They are common in the United Kingdom, and throughout the rest of Europe.
HackerOne is a vulnerability coordination and bug bounty platform that connects businesses with cybersecurity researchers.
 It is one of the first companies to embrace and utilize crowd-sourced security and hackers as linchpins of its business model, and is the largest cybersecurity firm of its kind.
 As of February 2017, HackerOne's network consisted of approximately 100,000 hackers and had paid $14 million in bounties.
The Love Bug is a 1997 American made-for-television comedy adventure film and a sequel/remake of the 1968 film of the same name produced by Walt Disney Television which premiered on ABC as part of "The Wonderful World of Disney" on November 30, 1997.
 The remake starred Bruce Campbell and included a special appearance by Dean Jones, star of the original "The Love Bug", tying it to the previous films and introduced an evil black Volkswagen named Horace, "The Hate Bug", giving the film a much darker tone than the other "Herbie" films.
Datronia scutellata is a plant pathogen that causes wood rot on "Liquidambar" (sweetgum) and "Platanus occidentalis" (American sycamore) trees.
