Autopia is a Disneyland attraction, in which patrons steer specially designed cars through an enclosed track.
 Versions of Autopia exist at Anaheim, California and Disneyland Paris in Marne-la-Vallée, France.
 There was also an Autopia at Hong Kong Disneyland on Lantau Island, Hong Kong before it closed on June 11, 2016.
 Other versions of the attraction can be found at the Magic Kingdom as the Tomorrowland Speedway and formerly at Tokyo Disneyland as the Grand Circuit Raceway.
Snow White Grotto is an attraction at Disneyland in Anaheim, California which originally opened on April 9, 1961, Tokyo Disneyland at the Tokyo Disney Resort in Japan in 1983, and at Hong Kong Disneyland in Hong Kong in 2005.
 It is a wishing well located at the east of Sleeping Beauty Castle for Disneyland and west for Hong Kong Disneyland and Cinderella Castle for Tokyo Disneyland.
 Guests can throw a coin and make a wish in front of the grotto.
Hong Kong Disneyland () is a theme park located on reclaimed land in Penny's Bay, Lantau Island.
 It is located inside the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and it is owned and managed by Hong Kong International Theme Parks.
 It is, together with Ocean Park Hong Kong, one of the two large theme parks in Hong Kong.
 Hong Kong Disneyland opened to visitors on Monday, 12 September 2005 at 13:00 HKT.
 Disney attempted to avoid problems of cultural backlash by incorporating Chinese culture, customs, and traditions when designing and building the resort, including adherence to the rules of feng shui.
 For instance, a bend was put in a walkway near the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort entrance so good qi energy wouldn't flow into the South China Sea.
Rocket Jets was an attraction in Disneyland at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California.
 This attraction opened in 1967 with the new Tomorrowland and closed in 1997 for the 1998 New Tomorrowland.
 It was the third spinning rocket attraction in Tomorrowland and stood three stories above the ground.
 When Tomorrowland was redone for 1998, the Rocket Jets were replaced by a new attraction based on Orbitron at the entrance to Discoveryland in Disneyland Park Paris.
The Hong Kong Disneyland Resort is a resort built and owned by Hong Kong International Theme Parks Limited, a joint venture of the Government of Hong Kong and The Walt Disney Company in Hong Kong on reclaimed land beside Penny's Bay, at the northeastern tip of Lantau Island, approximately two kilometres from Discovery Bay.
 Officially opened on 12 September 2005, the resort contains the Hong Kong Disneyland theme park, the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel, Disney's Hollywood Hotel, Disney Explorers Lodge and several retail, dining and entertainment facilities covering 1.3 km2 of the island.
Mystic Point () is a section of Hong Kong Disneyland that officially opened to the public on 17 May 2013.
 Prior to that it had a soft opening for a selected audience.
 It is set in a dense, uncharted rain forest surrounded by mysterious forces and supernatural events.
 The site features Mystic Manor, a Haunted Mansion style attraction with the same trackless ride system developed at Pooh's Hunny Hunt in Tokyo Disneyland.
 Mystic Point, along with Grizzly Gulch and Toy Story Land has been exclusive to Hong Kong Disneyland among all Disney theme parks for 5 years from opening.
 Composer Danny Elfman scored the music for the Mystic Manor dark ride attraction.
 It is the final land to open in Hong Kong Disneyland's three land expansion plan approved in July 2009.
Playhouse Disney Hong Kong is a Playhouse Disney-branded pay cable television channel for viewers in Hong Kong based in Kowloon Peninsula and is available in 3-national languages: English, Cantonese and Chinese.
 This channel is only available on Cable TV Hong Kong in Hong Kong on Channel 136, Now TV in Hong Kong on Channel 442 and HKBN bbTV in Hong Kong on Channel 312.
 The old name for Playhouse Disney Hong Kong was Disney Channel Asia.
 English, Cantonese and Chinese are available 24-hours in daily.
 Playhouse Disney Hong Kong's main competitors are Hong Kong Disneyland.
 Lindsay Lohan was the ambassador for Playhouse Disney Hong Kong.
The Skyway was a gondola lift attraction at Disneyland, at the Magic Kingdom, and at Tokyo Disneyland.
 Since all versions of this attraction took riders back and forth between Fantasyland and Tomorrowland, the route from Tomorrowland was called Skyway to Fantasyland, and the route from Fantasyland was called Skyway to Tomorrowland.
The Jungle Cruise is an attraction located in Adventureland at many Disney Parks, including Disneyland, Magic Kingdom, and Tokyo Disneyland.
 At Hong Kong Disneyland, the attraction is named Jungle River Cruise.
 Disneyland Paris and Shanghai Disneyland are the only Magic Kingdom-style Disney parks that do not have the Jungle Cruise in their attraction rosters.
Iron Man Experience (Traditional Chinese: 鐵甲奇俠飛行之旅) is a 3-D motion simulator attraction in Tomorrowland at Hong Kong Disneyland, which opened on 11 January 2017.
 The attraction is based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, becoming the first Disney attraction to be based on a Marvel property.
 Set at the fictional Stark Expo, the attraction features Tony Stark recruiting guests to fend off extraterrestrial beings that are attacking Hong Kong.
