The Parachute murder is a name the Belgian media gave the 2010 Belgian love triangle skydiving murder trial.
 The defendant, elementary school teacher and amateur skydiver Els 'Babs' Clottemans, was found guilty of murder by sabotaging the parachutes of another woman, fellow skydiver Els Van Doren, because Van Doren was a rival for the love of Marcel Somers, also a skydiver.
 The skydive in which Van Doren died occurred on November 18, 2006.
 Van Doren, who was a 38 years old married mother of two and a very experienced skydiver, died when both her primary and reserve parachutes failed to deploy.
 The dive was captured by a video camera mounted on Van Doren's helmet.
 Van Doren dropped from a height of over 2 mi landing in a garden in the town of Opglabbeek.
 Police later established that the cords of the parachute had been cut.
The Lakeside Press Building is a historic commercial building located at 731 S. Plymouth Ct. in downtown Chicago, Illinois.
 The building served as a showroom, office, and printing press for the Lakeside Press.
 The building was built in two stages; the southern half was completed in 1897, while the northern half was finished in 1901.
 Architect Howard Van Doren Shaw designed the building, his first design of a commercial building.
 Shaw's design features limestone quoins, piers, and decorations, curtain walls with cast iron spandrels on the floors housing the printing presses, and a projecting cornice.
This is a list of houses, commercial buildings, factories, and other structures by architect Howard Van Doren Shaw.
 Many of his buildings are now listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), either individually or as a contributing property to a historic district.
Camp-Woods, is a historic estate with associated buildings located at Villanova, Delaware County, Pennsylvania and built on a 400' high spot which had been a 200-man outpost of George Washington's Army during the Valley Forge winter of 1777-8.
 The house, built between 1910 and 1912 for banker James M. Willcox, is a two-story, brick and limestone, "F"-shaped house in an Italianate-Georgian style.
 It measures 160 feet in length and 32 feet deep at the "waist."
 It has a slate roof, Doric order limestone cornice, open loggia porches, and a covered entrance porch supported by Doric order columns.
 The house was designed by noted architect Howard Van Doren Shaw (1869-1926).
 The property includes formal gardens.
 Its former carriage house is no longer part of the main estate.
 The original tennis court is now also a separate property named "Outpost Hill".
 The Revolutionary encampment is marked by a flagpole in a circular stone monument at the north-western edge of the property.
 The inscription reads, "An outpost of George Washington's Army encamped here thro the winter of Valley Forge 1777-1778".
Howard Van Doren Shaw AIA (May 7, 1869 – May 7, 1926) was an American architect.
 He became one of the best-known architects of his generation in the Chicago, Illinois area.
 Shaw was considered a leader in the American Craftsman movement, best exemplified in his 1900 remodel of Second Presbyterian Church in Chicago.
 He designed Marktown, Clayton Mark's planned worker community in Northwest Indiana.
Deerpath Hill Estates is a residential development in western Lake Forest, Illinois.
 Developer Henry K. Turnbull and architect Stanley D. Anderson planned and built the original development in 1926.
 Turnbull and Anderson designed the development according to the principles of the City Beautiful Movement and the ideas of Howard Van Doren Shaw, Anderson's mentor.
 The individual houses were designed in popular revivalist styles, including English Tudor, Colonial, and French Norman.
 The development was the first in Lake Forest to be planned and controlled entirely by its developer.
Ragdale is the summer retreat of Chicago architect Howard Van Doren Shaw, located in Lake Forest, Illinois.
 It is also the home of the Ragdale Foundation.
 Built in 1897, the house and barn were built in Shaw's typical Arts and Crafts manner.
The Seven Houses on Lake Shore Drive District is a historic district in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
 The district was built between 1889 and 1917 by various architects including Benjamin Marshall, Holabird & Roche, Howard Van Doren Shaw, and McKim, Mead & White.
 It was designated a Chicago Landmark on June 28, 1989.
The Dr. Van Buren Knott House is a historic building located in Sioux City, Iowa, United States.
 Knott was a prominent local physician.
 He had Chicago architect Howard Van Doren Shaw design this Colonial Revival-style house, which is considered an excellent example of the style.
 The 2½-story brick structure features a symmetrical facade, an entrance porch with Doric columns, a Palladian window above the front entrance, a single-story semi-circular room in the back, and a hip roof roof with dormers. On the south side of the house is a full width porch, with a sleeping porch on the second floor.
 A pergola in the back leads to a detached two-car garage, which was built a couple of years after the house.
 The house and garage were listed together on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Morse Dell Plain House and Garden, also known as Woodmar, is a historic home located at 7109 Knickerbocker Parkway in Hammond, Lake County, Indiana.
 The house was designed by noted Chicago architect Howard Van Doren Shaw and built in 1923.
 It is a large two-story, Tudor Revival style brick dwelling with a 1 1/2-story service wing.
 The landscape was designed by Jens Jensen in 1926.
