Conference of the Birds is an album by the band Om, with Al Cisneros on bass and vocals and Chris Hakius on drums.
 It was released on April 17, 2006 on CD, and on May 15, 2006 on vinyl, both through Holy Mountain.
 The album was pressed on black (2000 pressings), clear orange (500), and clear green vinyl (500).
 It was released on CD in Japan by Leaf Hound Records and includes a bonus track, "Bedouin's Vigil," which was originally released on the split 7" with Six Organs of Admittance.
Randall Dunn is an American record producer, audio engineer, and musician from Seattle.
 He is a founding member of the group Master Musicians of Bukkake, with whom he has released six albums.
 As a record producer, he has worked with musical acts such as Sunn O))), Six Organs of Admittance, Marissa Nadler, Wolves in the Throne Room, Boris, Kinski, Akron/Family, Oren Ambarchi, Eyvind Kang, The Cave Singers, Earth, and Jesse Sykes, among others.
"Om / Six Organs of Admittance" is a split 7" by the bands Om and Six Organs of Admittance.
 It was released in 2006 by "Holy Mountain Records".
 During pressing "Side A" and "Side B" labels on the record were accidentally reversed.
Ben Chasny is an indie rock and psychedelic folk guitarist.
 His primary projects are Six Organs of Admittance (his solo psych folk project) and Comets on Fire (a psychedelic rock band).
 He made his recording debut in 1996 with his heavy, free rock project Plague Lounge on "The Wicker Image", an LP released conjointly between the New World of Sound and Holy Mountain labels.
 Holy Mountain went on to become the "home" of many of his releases under the Six Organs Of Admittance moniker.
 He has also released an album with Hiroyuki Usui under the name August Born.
 Chasny has lent his talents to other projects such as Badgerlore, Double Leopards, Current 93 and Magik Markers both in live performance and studio albums.
 More recent musical projects of his include the avant-folk trio Rangda (along with guitarist Richard Bishop and drummer Chris Corsano) and the more melodic and conventional 200 Years with Magik Markers' Elisa Ambrogio.
Six Organs of Admittance is the first album release by experimental indie rock band, Six Organs of Admittance, released in 1998.
Six Organs of Admittance is the primary musical project of guitarist Ben Chasny.
 Chasny's music is largely guitar-based and is often considered new folk; however, it includes obvious influences, marked by the use of drones, chimes, and eclectic percussive elements.
 He records albums for Drag City and Holy Mountain, among other labels.
Since their recent restoration, the six organs in the Basilica of the Palace of Mafra have become widely known around the world.
 The six instruments - designed and built all at the same time, and designed to play together as well - were built by the two most important Portuguese organ builders of the time – António Xavier Machado e Cerveira and Joaquim António Peres Fontanes – and were completed between 1806 and 1807.
 The last two were inaugurated on 4 October 1807, and a substantial number of compositions involving all six organs were produced that year.
The Sun Awakens is the ninth album by experimental indie rock band, Six Organs of Admittance, released in 2006.
 Six Organs' frontman, Ben Chasny, composed all of the album's material.
 The album mixes influences of folk and indie rock.
 An eastern influence is most prominent on the final track, which includes drones, chants and a ney.
Hush Arbors is the primary musical project of singer-songwriter/guitarist, Keith Wood.
 His music uses traditional folk merged with elements of country and psychedelic music.
 Along with releasing solo material Wood is also a current member of Chelsea Light Moving .
 He has toured with and worked with musicians including Current 93, Six Organs of Admittance, Sunburned Hand of the Man, Jack Rose, Wooden Wand and Voice of the Seven Woods.
The Manifestation is the seventh album release from experimental indie rock band, Six Organs of Admittance, released in 2004.
 It contains the lengthy single release of "Manifestation" from 2000, and a new six-part suite, The Six Stations, composed by Ben Chasny as he improvised around the noise produced by playing on a turntable the etching of the sun that appears on the back of the original single.
