Yasiin Bey ( ) (born Dante Terrell Smith; December 11, 1973), best known by his stage name Mos Def ( ), is an American hip hop recording artist, actor and activist from Brooklyn, New York City, New York.
 Best known for his music, Mos Def embarked on his hip hop career in 1994, alongside his siblings in the short-lived rap group Urban Thermo Dynamics (UTD), after which he appeared on albums by Da Bush Babees and De La Soul.
 He subsequently formed the duo Black Star, alongside fellow Brooklyn-based rapper Talib Kweli, and they released their eponymous debut album in 1998.
 He was featured on the roster of Rawkus Records and in 1999 released his solo debut, "Black on Both Sides".
 His debut was followed by "The New Danger" (2004), "True Magic" (2006) and "The Ecstatic" (2009).
 The editors at About.com listed him as the 14th greatest emcee of all time on their "50 greatest MC's of our time" list.
"Love Rain" is a 1999 song by Jill Scott co-written with Vidal Davis.
 The song appears twice on Scott's debut album "Who Is Jill Scott?
 Words and Sounds Vol.
 1" with Mos Def.
 A further two remixes, again with Mos Def, appeared on "Collaborations"; "Love Rain" (Head Nod Remix featuring Mos Def) – 5:02 and
The discography of Yasiin Bey / Mos Def, an American rapper, consists of four solo albums, two compilation albums, and several singles.
 Mos Def began his hip hop career in 1994 in the underground rap group UTD (Urban Thermo Dynamics) alongside his sibling group members DCQ and Ces, after which he pursued a solo career.
 In 1998, he made his mainstream debut on Rawkus Records in the trio Black Star with rapper Talib Kweli and producer Hi-Tek.
 "Definition", the single from Black Star's self-titled debut album, reached #60 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #3 on the Hot Rap Singles chart.
Black on Both Sides is the debut album of American rapper Mos Def, released on October 12, 1999, by Rawkus Records and Columbia Records.
 Prior to the album's recording, Mos Def had collaborated with rapper Talib Kweli for the duo's studio album, "Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star" (1998), which raised high expectations for a solo effort.
 "Black on Both Sides" features an emphasis on live instrumentation and socially conscious lyrics.
 On February 2, 2000, the album was certified Gold in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), following sales in excess of 500,000 copies.
Black Star is an American hip hop duo formed in 1997, from Brooklyn, New York City, New York.
 The duo is composed of rappers Yasiin Bey (Mos Def) and Talib Kweli.
 They released a number of singles and one album, "Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star" on August 26, 1998.
 The record received critical acclaim, but only moderate commercial success.
 Since then the duo has worked together intermittently on soundtracks and other projects.
The Ecstatic is the 2009 fourth studio album by American rapper Mos Def.
 After venturing further away from hip hop with an acting career and two poorly received albums, Mos Def signed with Downtown Records and recorded "The Ecstatic" primarily at the Record Plant in Los Angeles.
 He worked with producers such as Preservation, Mr. Flash, Oh No, and Madlib, the latter two of whom reused instrumentals they had produced on Stones Throw Records.
 Singer Georgia Anne Muldrow, formerly of the record label, was one of the album's few guest vocalists, along with rappers Slick Rick and Talib Kweli.
 For its front cover, a still from Charles Burnett's 1978 film "Killer of Sheep" was reproduced in red tint.
Best of Decade I: 1995–2005 is a compilation album, featuring singles released on Rawkus Records during their first ten years.
 The compilation revolves around the label's star Mos Def, who appears on eight of the fifteen tracks.
 There is one previously unreleased track featured on the album, which is the Mos Def song ""Beef"".
Russell Simmons presents Def Poetry, better known as simply Def Poetry Jam or Def Poetry, was a spoken word poetry television series hosted by Mos Def and airing on HBO between 2002 and 2007.
 The series features performances by established and up-and-coming spoken word poets.
 Performances also include special appearances by well-known actors and musicians, as well as occasional performances by Mos Def himself.
 Co-created by Bruce George, Danny Simmons, Deborah Pointer, Stan Lathan, and Russell Simmons, the show is a spin-off of the popular "Def Comedy Jam" which began airing on HBO in the 90's.
 As with "Def Comedy", Simmons appears at the end of every episode to thank the audience.
True Magic is the third studio album by American rapper Mos Def.
 It was released on December 29, 2006, by Geffen Records.
 After Geffen had absorbed Mos Def's record label Rawkus, the album was released haphazardly to fulfill a contractual obligation; its physical release lacked a booklet, cover art, lyrics, or credits and followed an online leak of the music.
 "True Magic" received mostly mixed reviews from critics and reached 97,000 copies sold by 2014.
Rafael Casal (born August 8, 1985) is an American writer, performance poet, recording artist, educator, playwright and founding member of the group The Getback.
 Over his young career, Casal has been praised and awarded internationally for his poetry, featured by major print and web editorials for his music, has directed numerous theater productions and film shorts, and taught creative writing and performance to high school and University undergraduate students.
 His work has been featured by networks like HBO and MTV, and he has performed at hundreds of venues and University campuses throughout the country and beyond.
 Casal has shared the stage with the likes of Common, Talib Kweli, Mos Def, KRS-One, Floetry, Kanye West, Saul Williams, Alanis Morissette, De La Soul, Dead Prez, George Clinton, Carole King, Lauryn Hill & numerous others, performing in front of crowds of up to 30,000.
 His career in numerous different artistic mediums orbit his foundation in writing and storytelling, often documenting narratives and experiences from his origins in the Bay Area, California, and his travels.
