P.A.Works Corporation (株式会社ピーエーワークス , Kabushiki-gaisha Pī Ē Wākusu , short for Progressive Animation Works) is a Japanese animation studio established on November 10, 2000 and is located in Nanto, Toyama, Japan.
 The company's president and founder Kenji Horikawa once worked for Tatsunoko Production, Production I.G, and Bee Train before forming P.A.Works in 2000.
 The main office is located in Toyama, Japan, which is where the drawing and digital photography take place, and production and direction takes place in their Tokyo office.
 The company is also involved with animation in video games, as well as collaborating in the past with Production I.G and Bee Train to create anime.
 In January 2008, P.A.Works produced "True Tears", their first anime series as the main animation studio involved in the production process.
Brian A. Miller is an American television producer and the current Senior Vice President and General Manager of Cartoon Network Studios in Burbank, California, having assumed the title in 2000.
 He was formerly Vice President of Production at Nickelodeon Animation Studio, Vice President of Production at Hanna-Barbera, and Vice President of Production at DIC Entertainment.
 He also served as a production supervisor for "Alvin and the Chipmunks".
 He was also the executive in charge of production for various shows in the 1990s and early 2000s such as "Dexter's Laboratory", "CatDog", "Hey Arnold!
", "The Angry Beavers", "ChalkZone", "", "The Powerpuff Girls", "Captain Planet and the Planeteers", "Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog", "Cow and Chicken", "Johnny Bravo", and the first season of "SpongeBob SquarePants".
MTV Tres (stylized as tr3́s, taken from the Spanish word for the number three tres) is an American broadcast, digital cable and satellite television network owned by Viacom Global Entertainment Group, a division of the Viacom Media Networks subsidiary of Viacom.
 Programming on Tr3s includes lifestyle series, customized music video playlists, news documentaries that celebrate Latino culture, music and artists and English-subtitled programming in Spanish, imported from the MTV España and MTV Latin America channels, as well as Spanish-subtitled programming from MTV.
 The channel is targeted toward bilingual Latinos and non-Latino Americans aged 12 to 34.
 The channel is currently headed by executive vice president and general manager Jose Tillan.
Sherry Gunther is an American producer known for her work in animation.
 While at Klasky Csupo, Gunther worked on the television series "Duckman", "Rugrats", and early seasons of "The Simpsons", for which she won a Primetime Emmy Award in 1991.
 She was made senior vice president of production at Hanna-Barbera Cartoons in 1995.
 Under Hanna-Barbera President Fred Seibert she oversaw production of Turner Entertainment programs such as "Dexter's Laboratory", "Johnny Bravo", "The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest", and the "World Premiere Toons".
 Sherry then went on to Produce Family Guy and to found Twentieth Television's first in-house Prime-Time animation studio, and produced countless Prime-Time pilots for Imagine Television, Touchstone Television, Twentieth Television, Fox, and Carsey Warner.
 She also produced theatrical shorts of Looney Tunes for Warner Bros.
 Sherry has received four additional Primetime Emmy nominations, Festival Awards, and a Humanitas Award.
 a Daytime Emmy Award, two CableACE Award nominations, and a Humanitas Prize.
The election of President and Vice President of the United States is an indirect election in which citizens of the United States who are registered to vote in one of the 50 U.S. states or Washington, D.C. cast ballots for members of the U.S. Electoral College, known as electors.
 These electors then in turn cast direct votes, known as electoral votes, for President and Vice President.
 The candidate who receives an absolute majority of electoral votes for President or Vice President (currently, at least 270 out of a total of 538) is then elected to that office.
 If no candidate receives an absolute majority for President, the House of Representatives chooses the President; if no one receives a majority for Vice President, then the Senate chooses the Vice President.
Khumbo Hasting Kachali is a Malawian politician who was Vice President of Malawi from April 2012 to May 2014, serving under President Joyce Banda.
 He is credited with being the first Vice President from the Northern Region of Malawi.
 The three previous vice presidents came from the central and southern regions.
 Kachali previously held a number of cabinet positions between 2004 and 2010.
Frank Harmon currently serves as executive vice president and chief operating officer for APP Pharmaceuticals.
 Prior to the spin-off of the proprietary business, Mr Harmon served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of Abraxis Pharmaceutical Products (APP) since September 2006, after having joined Abraxis in May 2006 as the executive vice president of global operations.
 Mr. Harmon oversees global manufacturing operations as well as the corporate quality assurance and quality control and the supply chain organizations as well as Generic Product Development, Regulatory Affairs and Operational Excellence.
 Prior to joining Abraxis, Mr. Harmon was the senior vice president, manufacturing operations for the Sterile Technologies Group at Cardinal Health where he was responsible for multiple sites throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
 Mr. Harmon has also served as vice president, biopharmaceutical operations for Aventis Behring.
Justice Tahani al-Gebali (Arabic: تهاني الجبالي‎ ‎ , born 9 November 1950-) is the previous Vice President of the Supreme Constitutional Court of Egypt.
 In 2003 she was appointed by President Hosni Mubarak to her office, becoming by that the first woman to hold a judiciary position in Egypt, and she remained so until 32 Egyptian women were appointed to various judicial positions in 2007.
Carl Folta is Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications for Viacom.
 He has served at this post since November 2006.
 Before that, he served as Executive Vice President, Office of the Chairman, from January 1, 2006, where he served as Sumner Redstone's senior adviser and spokesman.
 Previously, he was Executive Vice President, Corporate Relations of the former Viacom Inc., since November 2004.
 Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President of Corporate Relations of Viacom from November 1994 to November 2004, and Vice President of Corporate Relations of Viacom from April 1994 to November 1994.
 Folta held various communications positions at Paramount Communications from 1984 (when the company was known as Gulf+Western, retaining this name until 1989) until joining Viacom through its purchase of Paramount in April 1994.
Nickelodeon Animation Studio, also known in Burbank as Nickelodeon Studios Burbank, is an American animation studio owned and operated by Viacom through its television network Nickelodeon.
 The studio produces many of the network's most popular animated series, including "SpongeBob SquarePants", "The Fairly OddParents", "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", "Harvey Beaks", "The Loud House", "Bunsen Is a Beast", and "Welcome to the Wayne".
 It also produces programs for Nicktoons Network, Nick at Nite, TeenNick, and Nick Jr. as well.
