This is a list of the main career statistics of retired professional American tennis player, Andy Roddick.
 Throughout his career, Roddick won thirty-two ATP singles titles including one grand slam singles title and five ATP Masters 1000 singles titles.
 He was also the runner-up at the Wimbledon Championships in 2004, 2005 and 2009 and the US Open in 2006, losing on all four occasions to Roger Federer.
 Roddick was also a four-time semi-finalist at the Australian Open and a three-time semi-finalist at the year-ending ATP World Tour Finals.
 On November 3, 2003, Roddick became the World No. 1 for the first time in his career.
The Federer–Roddick rivalry was a rivalry between two professional tennis players, Roger Federer of Switzerland and Andy Roddick of the United States.
 The two met 24 times in official Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) matches, and Federer led 21–3, making Roddick the player with the second-most tournament defeats to Federer in the ATP circuit (Novak Djokovic has lost to Federer on 22 occasions, but holds a positive record against him).
 In terms of number of matches played, it ranks as the 14th largest rivalry in the Open Era.
Janko Tipsarević (, ] ; born 22 June 1984) is a Serbian professional tennis player.
 His career-high singles ranking is world No. 8, achieved on 2 April 2012.
 In his career, he has won four ATP World Tour titles, one ATP doubles title, three Futures, and 15 Challenger titles.
 Tipsarević also won the 2001 Australian Open Junior title.
 Tipsarević has achieved two victories over a World No. 1 player, having defeated compatriot Novak Djokovic twice.
 He also has thirteen victories against other players in the top 10: four wins against Tomáš Berdych, and one each against Fernando González, Mikhail Youzhny, David Ferrer, James Blake, Gaël Monfils, Andy Murray and Juan Mónaco.
 He holds victories over former World No. 1 players Carlos Moyá, Marat Safin, Lleyton Hewitt, Juan Carlos Ferrero and Andy Roddick.
 His best results at a Grand Slam have been reaching the quarterfinals at the US Open in 2011 and 2012.
 He is only the second Serb to reach the final 16 at all four different grand slams.
Bobby Reynolds and Andy Roddick were the defending champions, but Reynolds did not participate this year.
 Roddick partnered Mardy Fish, making it to the quarterfinals before withdrawing from the event.
The 2010 Aegon Championships (also known traditionally as the "Queen's Club Championships") was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts.
 It was the 39th edition of the Aegon Championships and was part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2010 ATP World Tour.
 It took place at the Queen's Club in London, United Kingdom, from 7 to 13 June 2010.
 The field was headlined by the 2008 champion and current world number one Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, Andy Roddick and defending champion Andy Murray.
The 2011 Aegon Championships (also known traditionally as the "Queen's Club Championships") was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts.
 It was the 108th edition of the Aegon Championships and was part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2011 ATP World Tour.
 It took place at the Queen's Club in London, United Kingdom, in the club's 125th year.
 The tournament was scheduled to take place between 6 and 12 June 2011, however the finals were delayed to 13 June 2011 due to rain.
 The field was headlined by the 2008 champion and current world number one Rafael Nadal, four-time champion Andy Roddick, 2009 champion Andy Murray and defending champion Sam Querrey.
Andy Roddick was the defending champion and won in the final 7–6, 7–6 against Ivo Karlović.
 This was the first ATP tournament of future World No. 1 Andy Murray in his professional debut.
Brooklyn Danielle Decker Roddick (born April 12, 1987) is an American fashion model and actress best known for her appearances in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", including the cover of the 2010 issue.
 In addition to working for Victoria's Secret for the 2010 "Swim" collection, she has ventured into television with guest appearances on "Chuck", "Ugly Betty", "The League", and "Royal Pains".
 She made her feature film debut in "Just Go with It", and later starred in "Battleship" and "What to Expect When You're Expecting".
 Decker is married to former tennis player Andy Roddick.
The Andy Roddick Foundation is a nonprofit organization focused on closing the educational achievement gap by providing children with abundant opportunities outside the school day.
 The Andy Roddick Foundation understands that talent is universal but opportunity is not and knows that opportunity matters.
 By addressing this ongoing opportunity gap that exists between lower income students and their peers, all students can grow, thrive, and succeed.
 To do this, the Andy Roddick Foundation is building high-quality summer learning opportunities, making investments in effective afterschool and summer programs, and partnering with others to collectively impact that future of students in the Austin community by ensuring they have access to high-quality opportunities outside the school day.
 This is all designed to build resilient students that have the skills, traits, and opportunities needed to reach their full potential.
The Boodles Tennis Challenge (former Boodle and Dunthorne Champions Challenge) is an international five-day tennis exhibition held at Stoke Park in Buckinghamshire, England.
 In coordination with Boodles, a luxury jeweler, it was initially founded by veteran sports agent Patricio Apey as an event to help players hone their grass court skills in the lead-up to Wimbledon.
 It is played in a similar style to the AAMI Classic giving the players at least three matches each and allowing non competition players to appear in one match per a day.
 Over recent years Andre Agassi, Pete Sampras, Tim Henman, Marat Safin, James Blake, Andy Roddick, Fernando González, David Nalbandian, Novak Djokovic, Fernando Verdasco, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Andy Murray have all appeared.
 Since its inception, The Boodles has turned into a lifestyle event featuring British luxury brands such as Boodles, Veuve Clicquot and H.R. Owen.
