Jam & Jerusalem is a British sitcom that aired on BBC One from 2006 to 2009.
 Written by Jennifer Saunders and Abigail Wilson, it starred Sue Johnston, Jennifer Saunders, Pauline McLynn, Dawn French, Maggie Steed, David Mitchell, and Sally Phillips.
 Earlier episodes also starred Joanna Lumley and Doreen Mantle.
 On BBC America the first series was aired as Clatterford.
Lananeeneenoonoo was a British spoof all-girl group consisting of comedians Dawn French, Jennifer Saunders and Kathy Burke.
 The group, and its name, was a spoof on the popular group Bananarama and was introduced during the 1988 Christmas Special of "French & Saunders", in which Burke was a guest.
The fourth series of British sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous" premiered on BBC One on 31 August 2001.
 The series consisted of six episodes and concluded on 5 October 2001.
 Initially, "Absolutely Fabulous" was to end with the third series, then the final episodes, titled 'The Last Shout', consisting of two specials were created to serve as an official finale to the series.
 However, in 2000, Jennifer Saunders had created and written a television pilot for a proposed upcoming new series, "Mirrorball" in which she intended to reunite the cast of "Ab Fab" in new character roles and a different plot.
 Saunders, along with Joanna Lumley, Julia Sawalha, Jane Horrocks and June Whitfield returned for the pilot.
 A series was never produced.
 However, having the cast reunited for "Mirrorball" inspired Saunders to revive "Ab Fab" and a fourth series was produced.
 A Christmas special, 'Gay' (titled 'Absolutely Fabulous in New York' in the United States) was produced following the fourth series and was broadcast in 2002.
French and Saunders: Still Alive!
 is a 2008 tour by comedy duo Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders.
 They performed in the UK in February - May in 2008 and were at Drury Lane, London for a month.
 The tour continued to Australia in mid-2009.
 There were many positive reviews for the UK leg of the tour, yet most reviews on the Australian leg were poor and negative.
 The first leg of the show concluded in May 2008.
 The show ended 9 November, in London.
 Previously they have toured their comedy act / sketch show very rarely, with UK tours in 1990 & 2000.
 The current tour contains a selection of their favourite sketches, as well as new material written specifically for the tour.
 The show was directed by Hamish McColl, set design by Lez Brotherstone, lighting, video and visual effects by Willie Williams.
Dawn Roma French (born 11 October 1957) is an English actress, writer, and comedian.
 She is best known for starring in and writing for the comedy sketch show "French and Saunders" with comedy partner Jennifer Saunders and for playing the lead role as Geraldine Granger in the sitcom "The Vicar of Dibley".
 French has been nominated for seven British Academy Television Awards and also won a BAFTA Fellowship with Jennifer Saunders.
The Supergrass is a 1985 British comedy film written and directed by Peter Richardson.
 The film starred Richardson, Adrian Edmondson, Jennifer Saunders, Dawn French, Keith Allen, Nigel Planer, Alexei Sayle, Ronald Allen and Robbie Coltrane.
Let Them Eat Cake is a British sitcom that aired on BBC One in 1999.
 Starring Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders, it is one of the few programmes in which French and Saunders have appeared which they did not create themselves.
Josée Grand'Maître (born July 28, 1961) is a Canadian racquetball player from Hull, Quebec.
 Grand'Maître is the current Canadian Women's Doubles Champion, winning her 14th doubles title in Langley, British Columbia with Jennifer Saunders in May 2013.
 Grand'Maître's also been the Canadian Women's Champion in singles three times, and her 18 titles overall tie her for most by a Canadian with Jennifer Saunders.
Absolutely Fabulous, also known as Ab Fab, is a BBC television sitcom created by, written by and starring Jennifer Saunders.
 It is based on a 1990 "French & Saunders" sketch created by Saunders and Dawn French.
French and Saunders is a British sketch comedy television series written by and starring comic duo Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders.
 It is also the name by which the performers are known on the occasions when they appear elsewhere as a double act.
