The United States Air Force (USAF) is the aerial and space warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the seven American uniformed services.
 Initially part of the United States Army, the USAF was formed as a separate branch of the U.S. Armed Forces on 18 September 1947 under the National Security Act of 1947.
 It is the most recent branch of the U.S. Armed Forces to be formed.
 The USAF is the largest and one of the most technologically advanced air forces in the world.
 The service articulates its core functions as Nuclear Deterrence Operations, Air Superiority, Space Superiority, Cyberspace Superiority, Command and Control, Global Integrated ISR, Global Precision Attack, Special Operations, Rapid Global Mobility, Personnel Recovery, Agile Combat Support, and Building Partnerships.
The Chiefs of Staff Committee (CSC) is composed of the most senior military personnel in the British Armed Forces who advise on operational military matters and the preparation and conduct of military operations.
 The committee consists of the Chief of the Defence Staff who is the chairman and professional head of the forces, the Vice-Chief of the Defence Staff, who is the vice-chairman and deputy professional head of the armed forces.
 The Committee also consists of the professional heads of each branch of the armed forces: the First Sea Lord and Chief of the Naval Staff, the Chief of the General Staff and the Chief of the Air Staff.
Armed Forces Day (formerly Veterans' Day) in the United Kingdom is an annual event celebrated in late June to commemorate the service of men and women in the British Armed Forces.
 Veterans' Day was first observed in 2006.
 Although an official event, it is not a public holiday in the UK.
 The name was changed to Armed Forces Day in 2009.
 Armed Forces Day has so far been observed on the last Saturday of June.
The Italian Armed Forces (italian: "Forze armate italiane") encompass the Italian Army, the Italian Navy and the Italian Air Force.
 A fourth branch of the armed forces, known as the Carabinieri, take on the role as the nation's military police and are also involved in missions and operations abroad as a combat force.
 Despite not being a branch of the armed forces, the Guardia di Finanza is part of the military and operates a large fleet of ships, aircraft and helicopters, enabling it to patrol Italy's waters and to eventually participate in warfare scenarios.
 These five forces have military status and are all organized along military lines, comprising a total of 350,000 men and women with the official status of active military personnel.
 The President of the Italian Republic heads the armed forces as the President of the High Council of Defence established by article 87 of the Constitution of Italy.
 According to article 78, the Parliament has the authority to declare a state of war and vest the necessary powers in the Government.
Ibrahim Abdel Ghafour El Orabi (Arabic: إبراهيم عبد الغفور العرابي‎ ‎ , ] ) (born 20 May 1931) was an Egyptian Army Lieutenant General and the 13th and former Chief of Staff of the Egyptian Armed Forces.
 He was a member of the Free Officers Movement as defined by the Egyptian revolution of 1952, which led to King Farouk abdicated to his son King Ahmed Fouad II, until announced the establishment of the Republic in 1953.
 He began his military career at the end of the forties and witnessed all Arab-Israeli wars and all the political volatility that passed by Egypt since the 1948 Arab–Israeli War to the Yom Kippur War where he was one of its heroes.
 He previously served as the 7th Chief of Operations of the Armed Forces.
 Prior to that, he served as Commander of the Second Field Army, as Commander of the 21st Armored Division, as Commander of the Arab Forces in Iraq, and as Commander of the Armored Corps in Yemen war.
 As the Chief of Staff of the Egyptian Armed Forces, Orabi was formerly the second highest-ranking military officer in all of the Egyptian Armed Forces.
 Orabi assumed his former assignment on 16 July 1983.
 Best known for severe discipline and rigor.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin (born July 14, 1943 - † September 27, 2015) was a General (retired) of Colombian Armed Forces.
 He served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of Colombian Armed Forces for a period of four years (1998–2002) during the presidential term of president Andres Pastrana.
 After that, he served as ambassador of Colombia in Dominican Republic from 2002 to 2004 and subsequently served as Deputy Minister of Defense for its social and business group for two years from 2009 to 2010 during the presidential term of president Alvaro Uribe.
 He was in the Colombian Armed Forces for 41 years, achieving all the military ranks all the way up to his appointment as General Commander for the Colombian Armed Forces.
Shirley Breeden is a Democratic member of the Nevada Senate, representing Clark County District 5 (map) since 2009.
 She won her first term in 2008, when she narrowly upset incumbent Republican Joe Heck.
The Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) are the Armed Forces of the Republic of Sudan.
 According to 2011 IISS estimates, it numbers 109,300 personnel.
 They comprises Land Forces, the Sudanese Navy, the Sudanese Air Force, and the Popular Defence Forces.
 They also previously had Joint Integrated Units formed together with its rebel enemies the Sudan People's Liberation Army.
 The Armed Forces operate under the authority of the People's Armed Forces Act 1986.
 In 1991, the Library of Congress used the term "Sudan People's Armed Forces" to refer to the entire armed forces, but by the late 2000s (decade), the "Sudanese Armed Forces" term was most widespread.
 In 2004, the Federal Research Division of the Library of Congress estimated that the Popular Defence Forces, the military wing of the National Islamic Front, consists of 10,000 active members, with 85,000 reserves.
 It has been deployed alongside regular army units against various rebel groups.
Bob Smith (born March 25, 1947) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has been serving in the New Jersey State Senate since 2002, where he represents the 17th Legislative District.
 Smith was elected to his first Senate term November 2001 to fill the seat vacated by the retirement of John Lynch.
 Smith serves in the Senate on the Environment Committee (as Chair) and the Judiciary Committee.
The Soviet Air Defence Forces (Russian: войска ПВО , voyska protivovozdushnoy oborony, voyska PVO, V-PVO, lit.
 "Anti-Air Defence Troops"; and formerly protivovozdushnaya oborona strany, PVO strany, lit.
 "Anti-Air Defence of the Nation") was the air defence branch of the Soviet Armed Forces.
 It continued being a service branch of the Russian Armed Forces from 1991 to 1998.
 Unlike Western air defence forces, V-PVO was a branch of the military unto itself, separate from the Soviet Air Force (VVS) and Air Defence Troops of Ground Forces.
 During the Soviet period it was generally ranked third in importance of the Soviet services, behind the Strategic Rocket Forces and the Ground Forces.
