Aleksei Sergeyevich Suvorin (Russian: Алексей Сергеевич Суворин, 11 September 1834, Korshevo, Voronezh Governorate – 11 August 1912, Tsarskoye Selo) was a Russian newspaper and book publisher and journalist whose publishing empire wielded considerable influence during the last decades of the Russian Empire.
Aldnoah.Zero (Japanese: アルドノア・ゼロ , Hepburn: Arudonoa Zero ) , stylized as ΛLDNOΛH.ZERO, is a mecha anime television and print series created by Olympus Knights and A-1 Pictures.
 It presents the fictional story of the Vers empire's 37 clans of Orbital Knights' attempted reconquest of earth—enabled by the empowering titular Aldnoah energy/drive technology—following return to earth as a more technologically advanced people after a human diaspora to the planet Mars.
 Created by Gen Urobuchi with direction by Ei Aoki, the series features principal Japanese voice acting by Natsuki Hanae, Kensho Ono and Sora Amamiya, with animated relational and battle scenes set on or in the fictional earth of 2014, the orbital castles of Vers Empire's Orbital Knights, Vers bases on a shattered remnant of earth's moon, and occasionally, the Vers palace of its failing emperor on Mars.
 The series began in July 2014, and as of March 2015, had presented two full 12-episode seasons, with Urobuchi, Katsuhiko Takayama and Shinsuke Onishi, and then Hiroyuki Sawano and Kalafina, respectively, receiving principal script-writing and music credits.
 In the accompanying manga, Olympus Knights and Kiyokazu Satake, and then Pinakes and Mahi Fuyube, respectively, receive writing and illustration credits.
United Nobility (Russian: "Объединённое дворянство" ; "Ob'yedinennoye dvoryanstvo") was a union active in the Russian Empire from 1906 to 1917.
 The union consisted of the Russian nobility and gentry.
 United Nobility was one of several landowners' organisations which were established in the wake of the Russian peasant uprisings of 1905–06, and the largest estates joined these groups as a part of a larger "gentry reaction" to the violence directed towards Russian squires. Its leader was Count Aleksei Bobrinsky, brother-in-law of later Prime Minister Georgy Lvov.
 It was established to defend the property rights and the domination in local politics of the gentry.
The Russian colonization of the Americas covers the period from 1732 to 1867, when the Russian Empire laid claim to northern Pacific Coast territories in the Americas.
 Russian colonial possessions in the Americas are collectively known as Russian America.
 Russian expansion eastward began in 1552, and in 1639 Russian explorers reached the Pacific Ocean.
 In 1725, Emperor Peter the Great ordered navigator Vitus Bering to explore the North Pacific for potential colonization.
 The Russians were primarily interested in the abundance of fur-bearing mammals on Alaska's coast, as stocks had been depleted by overhunting in Siberia.
 Bering's first voyage was foiled by thick fog and ice, but in 1741 a second voyage by Bering and Aleksei Chirikov made sight of the North American mainland.
Aleksei Stanislavovich Yeliseyev (Russian: Алексей Станиславович Елисеев ; born July 13, 1934 in Zhizdra) is a retired Soviet cosmonaut who flew on three missions in the Soyuz programme as a flight engineer: Soyuz 5, Soyuz 8, and Soyuz 10.
 Aleksei's father was Lithuanian with the last name Kuraitis and Aleksei uses his mother's last name "Yeliseyev"
"Aldnoah.Zero", stylized as "ΛLDNOΛH.ZERO", is a mecha anime television series created by Gen Urobuchi and Olympus Knights, and animated by A-1 Pictures and TroyCA.
 The series presents the story of the Vers empire's 37 clans of Orbital Knights' attempted reconquest of Earth—enabled by the empowering title Aldnoah energy/drive technology—following their return to Earth as a more technologically advanced people after a human diaspora to the planet Mars.
 Created by Gen Urobuchi with direction by Ei Aoki, the series features principle Japanese voice acting by Natsuki Hanae, Kensho Ono, and Sora Amamiya, with animated relational and battle scenes set on or in the fictional Earth of 2014, the orbital castles of Vers Empire's Orbital Knights, Vers bases on a shattered remnant of Earth's moon, and occasionally, the Vers palace of its failing emperor on Mars.
 The series began in July 2014, and as of March 2016, had presented two full 12-episode seasons, with Urobuchi, Katsuhiko Takayama, and Shinsuke Onishi, and then Hiroyuki Sawano and Kalafina, respectively, receiving principle script-writing and music credits.
Lt Col Megh Singh (born 1 March 1924), is an Indian military officer.
 Hailing from Rajasthan, India, he joined the Patiala State forces and then taken into the 3 Guards Lt.Col.Megh Singh (also) Maj.Megh Singh is known as a person who created the Special forces in India.
 Then Maj. Megh Singh who was surpassed for the promotion to Lt.Col.
 approached Lt. Gen. Harbaksh Singh and he volunteered to raise a Special Commando for India.
 Lt. Gen. Harbaksh Singh accepted Maj.Megh Singh's proposal.
 Maj Megh Singh raised a special force of volunteers personally chosen by him.
 The formation was not formally authorized by the Government so it is informally named as the 'Meghdoot force' in the name of Maj.Megh Singh.
 Lt.Gen.
 Harbaksh Singh in his book In the Line of Duty: A Soldier remembers mentions that Lt.Col.
 Megh Singh was demoted to Major after a court martial and after his daring raid across the enemy line when he returned with a bullet injury in his thigh, Lt. Gen. Harbaksh Singh again promoted him as a Lt.Col.
Vsya Rossiya (literally translated ""All Russia"" or ""The whole Russia"") was the title of a series of directories of the Russian Empire published by Aleksei Sergeevich Suvorin on a yearly basis from 1895 to 1923 and was continued under the name Ves SSSR (Literally translated "All of the USSR" or "The whole USSR") from 1924 to 1931.
 Each volume was anywhere between 500 and 1500 pages long.
 The directories contained detailed lists of government offices, public services and medium and large businesses present in major cities across Russia including Kiev, Minsk, .
 These directories are often used by genealogists today to trace family members who were living in pre-revolutionary Russia and the early Soviet period when vital records are missing or prove difficult to find.
 Historians use them to research the social histories of late 19th century and early 20th century Russia.
Aleksei Zinovyevich Petrov (Russian: Алексе́й Зино́вьевич Петро́в ; 28 October (15 October, Old Style) 1910, Koshki, Samara Governorate, Russian Empire – 9 May 1972, Kiev, Soviet Union) was a mathematician noted for his work on the classification of Einstein spaces, today called Petrov classification.
Maj. Gen. George G. Finch became the Senior Leader of the US Air National Guard; (Chief of the Air Division National Guard Bureau) (1948-1950) In June 1953 it was reported that Gen. Mark W. Clark would retire and be replaced by Maj. Gen George G. Finch on the UN command delegation to the Korean armistice talks George G. Finch, born April 11, 1902 in Dade City, Florida, is considered one of the pioneers in United States aviation history.
 He began his military career during World War 1, enlisting in the Aviation Section of the Army's Signal Corps in 1918.
 He remained in the Reserve Corps after the war, and in 1926, became Commander, 27th Pursuit Squadron, 1st Pursuit Group.
 In 1940, Georgia Governor Ed Rivers commissioned him to form the first flying unit of the Georgia Air National Guard.
 The unit was mobilized into the U.S. Army in September, 1941, with Major Finch as commander.
 After World War II, he was a leading critic of efforts to eliminate the air arm of the National Guard during peacetime.
 General Finch gained the respect and admiration of Air National Guardsmen throughout the nation with his steadfast support and successful efforts to preserve the Air Guard.
 He became the first Chief of the Air Force Division of the National Guard Bureau in 1948.
 Under his leadership, the Air National Guard built to combat readiness and was among the first components called into service after the outbreak of the Korean War.
 As a result of General Finch's vision and perseverance, 45,000 highly trained officers and airmen of 22 wings and 65 squadrons gave the Air Force the strength it needed in the early, critical phases of the Communist drive down the Korean peninsula.General Finch served as the senior Air Force member of the United Nations negotiating team at the peace talks at Panmunjom, Korea, and received the Legion of Merit for outstanding service in 1955; General Finch assumed command of Fourteenth Air Force, Robins AFB, Georgia, becoming the nation's first Air National Guardsman to head a numbered air force.
 General Finch had a career of "firsts" including the US Army's first night landing with a single, five-million-candlepower floodlight in 1927.
 He also established and endowed the General John P. McConnell Award at the United States Air Force Academy.
 Considered by many as the father of the strong, independent Air National Guard existing today, General Finch retired in 1957.
 No man has had greater impact on the Air Force Reserve and National Guard than has General George G. Finch.A graduate of the University of Georgia and a member of the Georgia Bar, General Finch was enshrined in the Georgia Aviation Hall of Fame May 18, 1996.
