Johnny Hatten Buss (born October 18, 1956) is part-owner and vice president of strategic development of the Los Angeles Lakers in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He previously held positions as president of the Los Angeles Lazers professional indoor soccer team and the Los Angeles Sparks professional women's basketball team.
 He is the oldest son of former Lakers owner Jerry Buss.
After Jerry died in 2013, his 66% controlling ownership of the Lakers passed to his six children via a trust, with each child receiving an equal interest.
Kobe Bryant is an American retired shooting guard who played for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) for his entire 20-year career.
 Bryant is the only son of former Philadelphia 76ers player and former Los Angeles Sparks head coach Joe Bryant.
 Selected 13th overall by the Charlotte Hornets in the 1996 NBA draft, Bryant was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers for Vlade Divac a month later.
 He and then-teammate Shaquille O'Neal led the Lakers to three consecutive NBA championships from 2000 to 2002.
 After O'Neal was traded to the Miami Heat following the 2003–04 season, Bryant became the cornerstone of the Lakers franchise.
 He led the NBA in scoring during the and seasons.
 In 2006, Bryant scored a career-high 81 points against the Toronto Raptors, the second-highest number of points scored in a game in NBA history, behind only Wilt Chamberlain's 100 point performance.
 Bryant was awarded the regular season's Most Valuable Player Award (MVP) in the 2007–08 season and led his team to the 2008 NBA Finals as the first seed in the Western Conference.
 In the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal as a member of the U.S. men's basketball team, occasionally referred to as "The Redeem Team".
 He led the Lakers to two more championships in 2009 and 2010, winning the Finals MVP award on both occasions.
The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California, formerly known as the Minneapolis Lakers from 1948 to 1960.
 They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA) The Lakers have played their home games at the Staples Center since 1999.
 The franchise took its official name from Minnesota's nickname, the Land of 10,000 Lakes.
 At the time the name was revealed, the Lakers were in Minneapolis.
 In their franchise history, the team has only missed the NBA playoffs five times.
 According to "Forbes" magazine, the Lakers are the second most valuable basketball franchise in the NBA, valued at approximately US$1 billion, surpassed only by the New York Knicks.
 The Lakers are majority-owned by Jerry Buss's family trust, while Rob Pelinka is the general manager.
Jeanie Marie Buss (born September 26, 1961) is controlling owner and president of the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Buss is a daughter of Jerry Buss, a real estate investor who later owned the Lakers and other sports businesses.
 At age 19, she started in the family business as general manager of the Los Angeles Strings professional tennis team.
 Buss later became the owner of the Los Angeles Blades professional roller hockey team.
 She was also president of the Great Western Forum before becoming vice president of the Lakers.
 After Buss's father died in 2013, his controlling ownership of the Lakers passed to his six children via a family trust, with each sibling receiving an equal vote.
 Buss took over as team president and represents the Lakers on the NBA Board of Governors.
Adam F. Streisand is an American trial attorney notable for his involvement in litigation with regard to trusts and estates, including representation of former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer in disputes with Donald Sterling's trust, Jeanie Buss in litigation over control of the Los Angeles Lakers and celebrity estates, such as Michael Jackson, Ray Charles, Marlon Brando, Barry White, Dennis Hopper, Michael Crichton, Anna Nicole Smith, Rodney Dangerfield, Joey Bishop, Bing Crosby, Carroll Shelby, Alan Thicke and others.
WOW - Women Of Wrestling, aka WOW!
, is a women's professional wrestling promotion founded in 2000 by David McLane, previously the founder of Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling.
 It is based in Los Angeles, California, and is owned by McLane and Los Angeles Lakers owner and president Jeanie Buss.
 The promotion launched a series of syndicated programs in the 2000-01 television seasons in 102 TV markets using a similar format of character driven performers, with names befitting a comic book series, such as Jungle Grrrl, an inmate tag-team complete with orange jump suits named Caged Heat, a Hollywood starlet named Lana Star, and the Persian Princess.
The 2016–17 Los Angeles Lakers season was the franchise's 69th season, its 68th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and its 57th in Los Angeles.
 It was also the first season without Kobe Bryant since the 1995–96 season.
 It would also be the season where after multiple opportunities to improve upon themselves came and went, the Lakers decided to replace Jim Buss and Mitch Kupchak with former Lakers legend Magic Johnson and former sports agent Rob Pelinka on February 21, 2017 as both president of basketball operations and general manager respectively.
 Furthermore, it was the season where Jeanie Buss would officially be named the primary owner of the Lakers on March 27.
James Hatten Buss (born November 9, 1959) is a part-owner and former executive vice president of basketball operations of the Los Angeles Lakers in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He is the son of former Lakers owner Jerry Buss.
 Buss was president of the Los Angeles Lazers professional indoor soccer team from 1985–1989.
 He later trained thoroughbred race horses for nine years before joining the Lakers in 1998 as an assistant general manager.
 He was promoted to vice president of basketball operations in 2005.
 After Jerry died in 2013, his controlling ownership of the Lakers passed to his children via a family trust, with each child receiving an equal interest.
The Lakers–Clippers rivalry is a National Basketball Association (NBA) rivalry between the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers.
 The two Pacific Division teams both play their home games at Staples Center in Los Angeles, inspiring their matchups to sometimes be called the "Hallway Series".
 The Lakers relocated from Minneapolis in 1960, while the Clippers moved from San Diego in 1984.
 Los Angeles fans have historically favored the Lakers.
 But the Clippers have sold out every home game at Staples Center since Feb. 2011 and entered the 2016–17 season with the sixth-longest active sellout streak in the NBA.
 The Lakers have won 11 of their 16 NBA championships since moving to Los Angeles.
 Meanwhile, the Clippers have made the playoffs only nine times since 1984 and were long considered the laughingstock of the NBA; in the history of the franchise, they have never advanced past the second round of the playoffs.
 Some contended that the term "rivalry" was inaccurate until the Clippers became more successful.
 For the first time in 20 years, the Clippers won the season series against the Lakers in 2012–13.
 This was the first of five straight season series victories for the Clippers, which included season sweeps in both 2014-15 and 2015-16.
 With the Clippers' 3-1 series win in 2016-17, the Lakers have now won the season series just four times in the past 13 seasons, with five Clippers wins, four Lakers wins, and four ties.
 The Lakers hold a 99–47 advantage in the all-time series against the Clippers.
 The two teams have never met in the playoffs.
Gerald Hatten Buss (January 27, 1933 – February 18, 2013) was an American businessman, investor, chemist, and philanthropist.
 He was the majority owner of the Los Angeles Lakers professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA), winning 10 league championships that were highlighted by the team's Showtime era during the 1980s.
 He is a member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame as a contributor.
 Buss owned other professional sports franchises in Southern California.
