Emerald Cove ( ) is a cove 2 nmi wide, lying between North Foreland and Brimstone Peak on the north coast of King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands.
 The name "Shireff's Cove" (with one 'r') was given by William Smith in 1819, after Captain William H. Shirreff of the Royal Navy, to whom he reported his discovery of the South Shetland Islands.
 In 1820, Smith's description of his landing on North Foreland was confused with his description of features on northern Livingston Island, and the name was applied to a feature on that island, where it has been officially accepted.
 The name "Emerald Cove" was applied by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 and is for the brig "Emerald" (Captain John G. Scott) from Boston, MA, which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1820–21 in company with the "Esther".
 These two vessels rescued the crew of the "Venus" from Esther Harbour in March 1821.
The following list enumerates and expands on notable sea stacks, including former sea stacks that no longer exist.
SIBC (short for Shetland Islands Broadcasting Company) is a local independent commercial radio station broadcasting in the Shetland Islands.
 Its coverage area is Shetland, parts of Orkney, and some 75,000 sqmi of sea-lanes, fishing grounds, and offshore oil fields.
 The station, which is owned and operated by husband and wife team, Ian Anderson and Inga Walterson, is located at Market Street, Lerwick and broadcasts from Bressay on 96.2 MHz FM (also on 102.2 MHz in Lerwick).
Setter Hill is a hill in western Whalsay, Shetland Islands, Scotland.
 It lies to the southeast of the village of Marrister and northeast of the main village on the island, Symbister.
 The source of Scarfmoor Burn is on the southeastern side of Setter Hill.
 On its eastern side is the Loch of Houll.
 There is an old quarry in the vicinity.
 Since the spring of 2001, the hill has been part of Shetland's Past Project, a project geared towards encouraging and training individuals to undertake archaeological surveys of their local landscapes in the Shetland Islands.
Drangarnir is the collective name for two sea stacks between the islet Tindhólmur and the island Vágar in the Faroe Islands.
 The individual names of the sea stacks are "Stóri Drangur" (en: Large cliff) and "Lítli Drangur" (en: Small cliff).
An election to Shetland Islands Council was held on 6 May 1982 as part of the Scottish local Regional elections, 1982 and yielded a swing to candidates supportive of Home Rule for the islands.
 Whilst no candidates appeared on the ballot as members of the Shetland Movement (all Shetland candidates were independents), the Shetland Movement did publish a list of candidates supportive of Shetland Home Rule.
 Ultimately of the 25 members of the Shetland council, 14 were supporters of the movement.
Stewart Stacks is a group of prominent sea stacks, one of them rising to 25 m, lying between Rugged Island and Astor Island in the northeast of Osogovo Bay, western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
 The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
The Anvil Stacks ( ) are two conspicuous sea stacks which lie close south of the entrance to Elephant Cove, off the south coast and near the west end of South Georgia.
 The name Elephant Bay Islands, derived from nearby Elephant Cove (formerly Elephant Bay), has been used locally for this feature by some South Georgia sealers.
 The descriptive name Anvil Stacks, a less cumbersome name, was suggested by the South Georgia Survey following their survey in 1951–52.
The Farallon Islands, or Farallones (from the Spanish "farallón" meaning "pillar" or "sea cliff"), are a group of islands and sea stacks in the Gulf of the Farallones, off the coast of San Francisco, California, United States.
 The islands are also sometimes referred to by mariners as the "Devil's Teeth Islands," in reference to the many treacherous underwater shoals in their vicinity.
 The islands lie 30 mi outside the Golden Gate and 20 mi south of Point Reyes, and are visible from the mainland on clear days.
 The islands are officially part of the City and County of San Francisco.
 The only inhabited portion of the islands is on Southeast Farallon Island (SEFI), where researchers from Point Blue Conservation Science and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service stay.
 The islands are closed to the public.
Papa Stour is one of the Shetland Islands in Scotland, with a population of under twenty people, some of whom immigrated after an appeal for residents in the 1970s.
 Located to the west of mainland Shetland and with an area of 828 hectares (3.2 square miles), Papa Stour is the eighth largest island in Shetland.
 Erosion of the soft volcanic rocks by the sea has created an extraordinary variety of caves, stacks, arches, blowholes, and cliffs.
 The island and its surrounding seas harbour diverse populations of wildlife.
 The west side of the island is a Site of Special Scientific Interest and the seas around the island are a Special Area of Conservation.
