The Melbourne Mint, in Melbourne, Australia, was a branch of the British Royal Mint.
 It minted gold sovereigns until 1931 and half-sovereigns until 1915.
 In 1916 it commenced minting Commonwealth silver threepences, sixpences, shillings and florins.
 From 1923 it minted all pre-decimal denominations.
 It minted rarities such as the 1921/22 overdate threepence, 1923 half-penny and 1930 penny, as well as Australia's four commemorative florins in 1927 (Canberra), 1934/35 (Melbourne Centenary), 1951 (Federation Jubilee) and 1954 (Royal Visit).
 It assisted the Royal Australian Mint in Canberra in producing one cent coins from 1966 to 1968 and two cent coins in 1966.
 From 1969 all coin production moved to the Royal Australian Mint in Canberra.
 It is now the home of the Royal Historical Society of Victoria, and has been leased to the private sector since 2001.
Julius Olavus Middelthun (3 July 1820 – 5 May 1886) was a Norwegian sculptor born in Kongsberg, son of a coin engraver.
 As a young man he trained as a goldsmith before moving to Copenhagen to study with Bissen.
 His ten years there were followed by eight years in Rome, after which time he returned to Norway.
 He is best remembered for his portraits.
The first Christiansborg Palace in Copenhagen, Denmark was built on Slotsholmen in 1745 as a new main residence for King Christian VI of Denmark.
 It was built on the same site as its predecessor, Copenhagen Castle, which had assumed a monstrous appearance and started to crumble under its own weight after several extensions.
The Swedish Empire had the greatest and most numerous copper mines in Europe as it entered into its pre-eminence in the early 17th century as an emerging Great Power.
 Through poor fiscal policies and in part the Treaty of Älvsborg, Sweden lost control of its reserves of precious metals, primarily silver, of which most had fled to the burgeoning trade economy of Amsterdam.
 In 1607 the Swedish King Charles IX attempted to persuade the populace to exchange their silver-based currency for a copper-based coin of equal face value, though this offer was not generally taken up.
 Sweden's large army of the time were paid entirely in copper currency, further issued in large numbers by Gustavus II to finance his war against Ferdinand II of Germany.
 The face value of the copper coins in circulation now greatly exceeded the reserves of the state and production of the national economy, and quickly the value of the currency fell to its commodity value, which in a country where copper was so abundant, was small indeed.
 The savings of the people of Sweden were wiped out.
Yuan Yuan Tan born in Shanghai in 1977, ; is a principal dancer with the San Francisco Ballet.
 She entered Shanghai Dance School at the age of 11.
 Initially her father opposed this, as he wanted her to become a medical doctor.
 Her mother, however, was very supportive.
 Her fate was settled by a coin toss - the coin landed on heads and Yuan Yuan Tan started her dancing career.
Cast coinage refers to coins made by pouring melted metal into a mold, i.e. casting.
 It has been used for regular coins, particularly in the Far East, but also on a smaller scale.
 (e.g.: the ancient Mediterranean world.)
 The method differs from the current mode of coin production, which is done by striking coin blanks that have been cut out of metal sheets.
 The method has also been used by forgers.
Talking Statues is a project that was started and invented by David Peter Fox in Copenhagen, Denmark, 2013, where 10 statues started talking though modern technology via a smartphone.
 The statue of Hans Christian Andersen in King´s Garden in Copenhagen was the first talking statue in the world.
 Later the project was made in Helsinki, London, San Diego, Chicago, Vilnius and Berlin.
Hans Engell (born 8 October 1948) is a Copenhagen born Danish former politician and journalist, who until 6 September 2007 was the editor-in-chief of the tabloid "Ekstra Bladet", a position he had held for seven years.
 As a member of the Conservative People's Party, he was Defence Minister of Denmark between 1982 and 1987, Justice Minister between 1989 and 1993, and leader of the party from 1993 to 1997, until he retired in disgrace after a drunk-driving accident.
Medal for Bravery or Courage (Serbian: medalja za hrabrost/медаља за храброст ), commonly known as the Medal of Miloš Obilić (medalja Miloša Obilića/медаља Милоша Обилића) was founded on 12 July 1913 by King Peter I, was granted to soldiers for the acts of great personal courage, or for personal courage demonstrated on the battlefield.
 The medal is awarded in two degree (Gold and Silver medals).
 Awarding of this medal was started during the Second Balkan War, continued during the World War I 1914-1918, and during the World War II, 1941-1945, as members of the Yugoslav Army, and members of allied forces.
 On the obverse of the coin is the ideal figure of Miloš Obilić, the Serbian medieval knight who was considered a model of courage and honor.
 He was killed by Turks during the Battle of Kosovo in 1389, since he having previously cut open the Turkish Sultan Murad I.
 Since then, he became a model of courageous Serbian warriors, ready to facing the inevitable defeat of sacrificing his own life.
 Medal for Bravery was worn on the red bar.
 The author was Đorđe Jovanović.
 The first medal for bravery was established on 14 November 1912.
 This medal was two degrees (Gold and Silver Medal, which differed in appearance from Gold).
 This Gold medal with is worn on the red bar, and the Silver ribbon (red-blue-white).
 This medal was granted to very short, and has been superseded by another model.
 The reason for replacement was the obverse medal in which Serbia was represented by allegorical female figure.
 The female figure is for the Serbian soldier was unworthy motive on the medal for bravery.
 The officers was openly expressed dissatisfaction, after which it was decided to change the model.
The 1974 aluminum cent was a one-cent coin proposed by the United States Mint in 1973.
 It was composed of an alloy of aluminum and trace metals, and intended to replace the predominantly copper–zinc cent due to the rising costs of coin production in the traditional bronze alloy.
 1,571,167 were struck in anticipation of release, but none were released into circulation.
 Examples were passed out to US Congressmen in a bid to win favor in switching to the new alloy.
 When the proposed aluminum cent was rejected, the Mint recalled and destroyed the examples.
 A few aluminum cents not returned to the Mint are believed to remain in existence.
 One example was donated to the Smithsonian Institution, while another was alleged to have been found by a US Capitol Police Officer.
 A 1974-D specimen was found in January 2014 by Randall Lawrence, who said it was a retirement gift to his father, who worked at the Mint in Denver.
 Randall planned on selling it in a public auction, but the Mint demanded its return, saying that the coin was never authorized for release and therefore remains U.S. Government property.
 Lawrence (and his business partner at their coin store, Michael McConnell) ultimately surrendered the coin when the Mint showed that the aluminum penny had never been authorized to be struck in Denver, and there was no evidence that the coin had been a gift of any kind.
