Nadezhda (Bulgarian language: "Надежда") was a 20th century torpedo gunboat of Bulgaria, the largest warship ever possessed by the Royal Bulgarian Navy.
 She was often referred to as a cruiser by her Bulgarian owners, a designation that might not be too far-fetched, considering there were indeed smaller torpedo cruisers in service with the European navies of the time, such as the Italian "Folgore"-class.
HMS "Phoenix" was an "Acheron"-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy.
 She is named for the mythical bird, and was the fifteenth ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name.
 She was the only British warship ever to be sunk by the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
USS "Archerfish" (SS/AGSS-311) was a "Balao"-class submarine.
 She was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the archerfish.
 "Archerfish" is best known for sinking the Japanese aircraft carrier "Shinano" in November 1944, the largest warship ever sunk by a submarine.
 For this achievement, she received a Presidential Unit Citation after World War II.
HMS "Queen Elizabeth" is the lead ship of the "Queen Elizabeth"-class of supercarrier, the largest warship ever built for the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom and capable of carrying up to 40 aircraft.
 The ship was named by Queen Elizabeth II in July 2014, began sea trials in June 2017 and will formally be commissioned by the end of 2017.
 Her first Commanding Officer is Commodore Jerry Kyd, who had previously commanded the carriers HMS "Ark Royal" and HMS "Illustrious".
 As Captain of HMS "Queen Elizabeth", Kyd will wear the Royal Navy rank of Captain while retaining the substantive rank of Commodore.
USS "Pennsylvania" was a three-decked ship of the line of the United States Navy, rated at 130 guns, and named for the state of Pennsylvania.
 She was the largest sailing warship ever built for the United States, the equivalent of a first-rate of the British Royal Navy.
 Authorized in 1816 and launched in 1837, her only cruise was a single trip from Delaware Bay through Chesapeake Bay to the Norfolk Navy Yard.
 The ship became a receiving ship, and during the Civil War was destroyed.
HMS "Melita was a Royal Navy "Mariner"-class composite screw gunvessel of 8 guns.
 She was the only significant Royal Navy warship ever to be built in Malta Dockyard, hence the name, which is the Latin name for the island.
 She was renamed HMS "Ringdove in 1915 and sold as a salvage vessel to Falmouth Docks Board in 1920, when her name was changed to Ringdove's Aid.
 She was sold again in 1927 to the Liverpool & Glasgow Salvage Association, who changed her name to Restorer, and she was finally broken up in 1937, 54 years after her keel was laid.
HMS "Royal George" was a 100-gun first-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Woolwich Dockyard and launched on 18 February 1756.
 The largest warship in the world at the time of launching, she saw service during the Seven Years' War including being Admiral Sir Edward Hawke's flagship at the Battle of Quiberon Bay and later taking part in the Battle of Cape St Vincent.
Commodore Jerry Kyd is a Royal Navy officer who is the captain of the British aircraft carrier HMS "Queen Elizabeth".
 He is the former captain of HMS "Ark Royal" and HMS "Illustrious" and the former commanding officer of Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth.
HMS "Ontario" was a British warship that sank in a storm in Lake Ontario on 31 October 1780, during the American Revolutionary War.
 She was a 22-gun snow, and, at 80 ft in length, the largest British warship on the Great Lakes at the time.
 The shipwreck was discovered in 2008 by Jim Kennard and Dan Scoville.
 "Ontario" was found largely intact and very well preserved in the cold water.
 Scoville and Kennard assert that "the 80-foot sloop of war is the oldest shipwreck and the only fully intact British warship ever found in the Great Lakes."
Mărășești is a frigate currently serving with the Romanian Navy, named after Mărășești, the site of a Romanian victory in World War I.
 "Mărășești" served as the flagship of the navy between 1985 and 2004, when "Regele Ferdinand" (formerly HMS "Coventry" ) became the new flagship.
 She is the largest warship of the Romanian Navy ever built in Romania.
