Jean-Marie Balestre (9 April 1921 – 27 March 2008) was a French auto racing executive administrator, who became President of the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA) from 1978 to 1991 and President of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) from 1985 to 1993.
The 2017 FIA World Endurance Championship is the sixth season of the FIA World Endurance Championship, an auto racing series co-organised by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO).
 The series is open to Le Mans Prototypes and grand tourer-style racing cars divided into four categories.
 The season began at the Silverstone Circuit in April and will end at the Bahrain International Circuit in November, and include the 85th running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
 World championship titles will be awarded to the leading prototype drivers and manufacturers, while for the first time in the World Endurance Championship the leading grand touring drivers and manufacturers will also be awarded a world championship.
The Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA, English: International Automobile Federation) is an association established as the Association Internationale des Automobile Clubs Reconnus (AIACR, English: 'International Association of Recognized Automobile Clubs') on 20 June 1904 to represent the interests of motoring organisations and motor car users.
 To the general public, the FIA is mostly known as the governing body for many auto racing events.
 The FIA also promotes road safety around the world.
The Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA), or International Automobile Racing Federation, was the sport governing body for motor racing events.
 The organisation's origins dated from 1922, when the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) delegated the organisation of automobile racing to the CSI (International Sporting Committee of the FIA), a self-governing committee that would later become the FISA.
The FIA World Endurance Championship is an endurance auto racing series held by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO) since 2012 which awards international championships, cups, and trophies to the most successful drivers, teams, and manufacturers in each of the series' categories over the course of a season.
 Points are awarded based on individual race results as well as for earning pole position in qualifying, with the highest tally of points winning the respective championship, cup, or trophy.
 The highest awards in the series are the FIA World Endurance Drivers' Championship and the FIA World Endurance Manufacturers' Championship, both of which center around participants in the Le Mans Prototype categories.
The FIA World Endurance Championship is an auto racing world championship organized by the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO) and sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA).
 The series supersedes the ACO's former Intercontinental Le Mans Cup which began in 2010, and is the first endurance series of world championship status since the demise of the World Sportscar Championship at the end of 1992.
 The World Endurance Championship name was previously used by the FIA from 1981 to 1985.
The International Sporting Code (ISC) is a set of rules which are valid for all auto racing events that are governed by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA).
 North American domestic racing, such as NASCAR and IndyCar are outside the FIA's jurisdiction and hence not governed by the ISC.
 Motorcycle sport is also exempt since the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM) is responsible for this sport, not the FIA.
The 2018–19 FIA World Endurance Championship will be the seventh season of the FIA World Endurance Championship, an auto racing series co-organised by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO).
 The series is open to Le Mans Prototypes and grand tourer-style racing cars divided into four categories.
 This season marks the first move to a winter schedule for the championship, with the season starting at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in May 2018 and concluding at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in June 2019.
 World championship titles will be awarded to the leading manufacturers and drivers in both the prototype and grand tourer divisions.
The 2016 FIA World Endurance Championship season was the fifth edition of the FIA World Endurance Championship auto racing series co-organised by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO).
 The series was open to Le Mans Prototypes and grand tourer-style racing cars meeting four ACO categories.
 The season began at the Silverstone Circuit in April and ended at the Bahrain International Circuit in November, and included the 84th running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
This season is also the last WEC season for Audi Sport Team Joest as they decided not to race in the 2017 FIA World Endurance Championship Season.
The Touring and Automobile Club of Turkey (Turkish: "Türkiye Turing ve Otomobil Kurumu" ) (TTOK), also known as Turkish Automobile Association, is an amateur and international organization dedicated to tourism and the automobile sector.
 It was founded in 1923 at the behest of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk by a group of intellectuals led by Reşit Saffet Atabinen, a diplomat at the time and a historian.
 The club is a member of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and Alliance Internationale de Tourisme (AIT).
