The Sunken Meadow State Parkway (also known as the Sunken Meadow) is a 6.19 mi long parkway in Suffolk County, Long Island, New York.
 Located entirely within the town of Smithtown, the parkway begins at a cloverleaf interchange with the Northern State Parkway (exits 44–45) and the northern terminus of the Sagtikos State Parkway.
 The parkway, which continues north, is a northern spur of the Sagtikos, which opened in September 1952.
 The northern end of the parkway is at the toll barrier in exit SM5 in the Kings Park section of Smithtown.
 From there, the road continues north through Sunken Meadow State Park to a roundabout at the Long Island Sound.
 The parkway comprises the northern half of New York State Route 908K (NY 908K, an unsigned reference route), with the Sagtikos State Parkway forming the southern portion.
 Commercial vehicles are, like on most parkways, prohibited from using the Sunken Meadow, except for a portion north of NY 25A in Kings Park.
Route 36 is a state highway in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
 The 24.40 mi long route, shaped as a backwards C, begins at an intersection with Garden State Parkway and County Route 51 (Hope Road) in Eatontown and runs east to Long Branch.
 From Long Branch, the route follows the Atlantic Ocean north to Sea Bright and turns west, running to the south of the Raritan Bay.
 Route 36 ends in Keyport at an interchange with the Garden State Parkway and Route 35.
 It varies in width from a six-lane divided highway to a two-lane undivided road.
 The route is signed east–west between Eatontown and Long Branch and north–south between Long Branch and Keyport.
The Garden State Parkway (GSP) is a 172.4 mi limited-access toll parkway that stretches the length of New Jersey from the New York line at Montvale to Cape May at the state's southernmost tip.
 Its name refers to New Jersey's nickname, the "Garden State".
 Most New Jerseyans refer to it as simply "the Parkway".
 The parkway's official, but unsigned, designation is Route 444.
 At its north end, the parkway becomes the Garden State Parkway Connector, a component of the New York State Thruway system that connects to the Thruway mainline in Ramapo.
 The Parkway is primarily for passenger vehicle use, with trucks weighing over 10,000 pounds prohibited north of Exit 105.
 The Parkway has been ranked as the busiest toll highway in the country based on the number of toll transactions.
 At roughly 172 miles, the Parkway is the longest highway in the state.
The Heckscher State Parkway (formerly known as the Heckscher Spur) is an 8.24 mi parkway on Long Island, New York, in the United States.
 The parkway, located entirely within the Suffolk County town of Islip, begins at the south end of the Sagtikos State Parkway in West Islip, from where it continues west as the Southern State Parkway.
 It proceeds east as a six-lane parkway through Brentwood and Central Islip, loosely paralleling New York State Route 27 (NY 27).
 At Islip Terrace, the Heckscher Parkway turns southward, crossing NY 27 before ending at the toll barrier for Heckscher State Park in Great River.
 The parkway comprises the eastern portion of New York State Route 908M (NY 908M), an unsigned reference route, with the Southern State Parkway occupying the western section.
 In order to avoid confusion, the highway is signed as an extension of the Southern State Parkway west of the NY 27 interchange (exit 44).
Route 19 is a state highway in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.
 Also referred to as the Paterson Peripheral, it runs 3.04 mi from an intersection with County Route 509 (Broad Street) and County Route 609 (Colfax Avenue) in Clifton north to another intersection with County Route 509 (Main Street) in downtown Paterson.
 Between U.S. Route 46 in Clifton and Interstate 80 in Paterson, Route 19 is a freeway.
 The main purpose of the route is to connect the Garden State Parkway to I-80 and downtown Paterson.
 The road was originally proposed as the Paterson spur of the Garden State Parkway that was to run north to Wayne.
 In 1959, it was planned to become part of the Paterson Peripheral, an extension of Route 20 from downtown Paterson.
 By 1971, the road was completed between the Garden State Parkway and I-80, at which time it received the Route 20 designation; the rest was cancelled in 1978 due to feared community disruption.
 In 1988, this portion of Route 20 became Route 19 as it did not connect with the other segment of the route.
 In the 1990s, Route 19 was extended to Main Street in downtown Paterson as part of a project that also completed the interchange with I-80.
The Sagtikos State Parkway, also known as the Sagtikos or Sagtikos Parkway, known colloquially as "the Sag" is a 5.14 mi north–south limited-access parkway in Suffolk County on Long Island, New York, in the United States.
 It begins at an interchange with the Southern and Heckscher state parkways in the hamlet of West Islip and goes north to a large cloverleaf interchange with the Northern State Parkway in the town of Smithtown, where the Sagtikos ends and the road becomes the Sunken Meadow State Parkway.
 The parkway comprises the southern half of New York State Route 908K (NY 908K), an unsigned reference route, with the Sunken Meadow State Parkway forming the northern portion.
 Commercial vehicles are prohibited from using the Sagtikos State Parkway, a restriction that applies to most parkways in the state.
The Beesley's Point Bridge was a bridge in New Jersey, United States, that was built privately by the Ocean City Automobile Club in 1927.
 Completed in 1928, control of the bridge was acquired by the Beesley's Point Bridge Company.
 It was a toll bridge from its opening.
 Prior to its closing, it was best known for carrying US 9 over the Great Egg Harbor Bay, connecting Upper Township, in Cape May County to Somers Point in Atlantic County.
 Prior to 1955, the bridge concurrently carried the Garden State Parkway over the Great Egg Harbor Bay.
 When the Parkway completed its own bridge over the bay, each had its own alignment with the Garden State Parkway using the Great Egg Harbor Bridge.
The Meadowbrook State Parkway (also known as the Meadowbrook, the Meadowbrook Parkway or the MSP) is a 12.52 mi parkway in Nassau County, New York, in the United States.
 Its southern terminus is at a full cloverleaf interchange with the Bay and Ocean parkways in Jones Beach State Park.
 The parkway heads north, crossing South Oyster Bay and intersecting Loop Parkway before crossing onto the mainland and connecting to the Southern State Parkway in North Merrick.
 It continues north to the village of Carle Place, where the Meadowbrook Parkway ends at exit 31A of the Northern State Parkway.
 The Meadowbrook Parkway is designated New York State Route 908E (NY 908E), an unsigned reference route.
 Most of the road is limited to non-commercial traffic, like most parkways in the state of New York; however, the portion south of Merrick Road is open to commercial traffic.
U.S. Route 9 (US 9) is a U.S. highway in the northeast United States, running from Laurel, Delaware north to Champlain, New York.
 In New Jersey, the route runs 166.80 mi from the Cape May–Lewes Ferry terminal in North Cape May, Cape May County, where the ferry carries US 9 across the Delaware Bay to Lewes, Delaware, north to the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee, Bergen County, where the route along with Interstate 95 (I-95) and US 1 continue into New York City.
 US 9 is the longest U.S. highway in the state.
 From North Cape May north to Toms River in Ocean County, US 9 is mostly a two-lane undivided road that closely parallels the Garden State Parkway and runs near the Jersey Shore.
 Along this stretch, it passes through the communities of Rio Grande, Cape May Court House, Somers Point, Pleasantville, Absecon, Tuckerton, Manahawkin, and Beachwood.
 In the Toms River area, US 9 runs along the Garden State Parkway for a short distance before heading northwest away from it and the Jersey Shore into Lakewood Township.
 Upon entering Monmouth County, the route transitions into a multilane suburban divided highway and continues through Howell Township, Freehold Township, Manalapan Township, Marlboro Township, Old Bridge Township, Sayreville, and South Amboy.
 In Woodbridge Township, US 9 merges with US 1 and the two routes continue through northern New Jersey as US 1/9 to the George Washington Bridge.
The Great Egg Harbor Bridge is a toll bridge along the Garden State Parkway in New Jersey, with tolls collected in the southbound direction.
 It crosses the Great Egg Harbor Bay, connecting Upper Township, in Cape May County to Somers Point in Atlantic County.
 The bridge crosses over a section of Egg Harbor Township.
 It carries a portion of the Garden State Parkway and U.S. Route 9.
