Blessed Are... was a 1971 album by Joan Baez, and her last with Vanguard Records.
 It included her hit cover of The Band's "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down", and work by Kris Kristofferson, the Beatles, Jesse Winchester and The Rolling Stones, as well as a significant number of Baez' own compositions.
 Like its immediate predecessors, the album was recorded in Nashville, and had a decidedly country feel.
One Day at a Time is a 1970 album by Joan Baez.
 Recorded in Nashville, the album was a continuation of Baez' experimentation with country music, begun with the previous year's "David's Album".
 It is significant in that it was the first to include Baez' own compositions, "Sweet Sir Galahad" and "A Song for David", the former song a ballad for her younger sister Mimi Fariña, and the latter song being for her then husband, David Harris, at the time in prison as a conscientious objector.
 "One Day at a Time" also included work by The Rolling Stones, Willie Nelson and Pete Seeger.
Quad Studios Nashville is a four-studio recording facility located on Music Row in Nashville, TN.
 The studio was originally opened in 1971 as Quadrafonic Sound Studio by session musicians David Briggs and Norbert Putnam.
 The studio immediately became the home of many major recording sessions including Neil Young's "Harvest" album which included the single "Heart of Gold," Jimmy Buffett's biggest hit "Margaritaville" from his best selling album Changes In Latitudes, Changes In Attitudes, much of Joan Baez' early 1970s work, including her hit recording of "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" and Dobie Gray's R&B classic "Drift Away."
 Other artists to record at the studio in the early years include Dan Fogelberg, Grand Funk Railroad, The Jackson Five, The Pointer Sisters, Joe Walsh and The James Gang, and many others.
Joan Baez is the self-titled debut album by folk singer Joan Baez.
 The album was recorded in the summer of 1960 and released the same year.
 The original release featured 13 traditional folk songs, later reissues included 3 additional songs.
"One Way or Another" is a song by British rock band Uriah Heep.
 The song was released on their ninth studio album "High and Mighty" in June 1976, and became the only single from the album and the last single with the band's former vocalist, David Byron.
 The song was written by Ken Hensley and featured lead vocals from John Wetton and Ken Hensley.
 It was recorded from December 1975 to March 1976 in Roundhouse Recording Studios in London.
 The single did not chart, and it is the only song on the album that was not sung by David Byron.
"Babe I'm Gonna Leave You" is a folk song written by Anne Bredon (then known as Anne Johannsen) in the late 1950s.
 It was recorded by Joan Baez (credited and became widely popular as "traditional") and released on her 1962 album "Joan Baez in Concert, Part 1"; and by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, who included it on their 1969 debut album "Led Zeppelin".
"Love is Just a Four-Letter Word" is a song written by Bob Dylan, and long associated with Joan Baez, who has recorded it numerous times, and performed it throughout her career.
 Baez immediately took to the song, which was written by Dylan sometime around 1965, and began performing it, even before it was finished.
 (In the film "Dont Look Back", a documentary of Dylan's 1965 tour of the UK, Baez is shown in one scene singing a fragment of the then apparently still unfinished song in a hotel room late at night.
 She then tells Dylan, "If you finish it, I'll sing it on a record.")
 Baez first included the song on "Any Day Now", her 1968 album of Dylan covers; she has since recorded it three additional times.
 Her 1968 recording was also released as a single.
Where Are You Now, My Son?
 is an album by Joan Baez, released in early 1973.
 One side of the album featured recordings Baez made during a US bombing raid on Hanoi over Christmas 1972.
 Included on the recording are the voices of Barry Romo, Michael Allen and human rights attorney Telford Taylor, with whom Baez made her famous 1972 visit to North Vietnam.
The discography of Neck Deep, a Welsh pop punk band, consists of three studio albums, one compilation album, three extended plays (EPs), eight singles and thirteen music videos. Formed in Wrexham in 2012, Neck Deep originally featured lead vocalist Ben Barlow, lead guitarist Lloyd Roberts, rhythm guitarist Matt West, bassist Fil Thorpe-Evans and drummer Dani Washington.
 The band signed with independent record label We Are Triumphant in June 2012, before releasing their debut EP "Rain in July" in September that year.
 This was later followed by a second EP entitled "A History of Bad Decisions", which was self-released by the band on 19 February 2013.
 Pinky Swear Records also issued the "Rain in July" and "A History of Bad Decisions" EPs together as a double 12" vinyl compilation on the same day.
"High Energy" is a dance/disco song by The Supremes.
 Released as the album's title-track single in 1976 from their penultimate album "High Energy", this energic, sound-bursting tune featured lead vocals by Susaye Greene.
 Greene, new to the group, was brought in to dub her vocals although Scherrie Payne had already recorded lead vocals prior to Greene's entry into the trio.
 As such, this was the final single to feature former member Cindy Birdsong's vocals, and the sixth and final single of the group to feature four members.
 Written by Harold Beatty, Brian Holland and Edward Holland, Jr., the song peaked at position nine on the dance/disco charts later that same year.
