"It's De-Lovely" is one of Cole Porter's hit songs, originally appearing in his 1936 musical, "Red Hot and Blue".
 It was introduced by Ethel Merman and Bob Hope.
 The song was later used in the musical "Anything Goes", first appearing in the 1962 revival where it was sung by Hal Linden and Barbara Lang.
 The hit records in late 1936 and early 1937 included versions by Eddy Duchin, Shep Fields, and Will Osborne.
 Kitty Brown also recorded the song with Les Brown's Band of Renown.
Anything Goes is a 1936 American musical film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Bing Crosby, Ethel Merman, Charles Ruggles and Ida Lupino.
 Based on the stage musical "Anything Goes" by Guy Bolton and P.G. Wodehouse, the stage version contains songs by Cole Porter.
 The film is about a young man who falls in love with a beautiful woman whom he follows onto a luxury liner, where he discovers she is an English heiress who ran away from home and is now being returned to England.
 He also discovers that his boss is on the ship.
 To avoid discovery, he disguises himself as the gangster accomplice of a minister, who is actually a gangster on the run from the law.
 The film required revisions of Porter's saucy lyrics to pass Production Code censors.
 Only four of his songs remained: "Anything Goes", "I Get a Kick Out of You", "There'll Always Be a Lady Fair", and "You're the Top".
 "You're the Top" contained substantially revised lyrics, and only the first verse (sung by Ethel Merman during the opening credits) was retained from the song "Anything Goes".
Anything Goes is a musical with music and lyrics by Cole Porter.
 The original book was a collaborative effort by Guy Bolton and P.G. Wodehouse, heavily revised by the team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse.
 The story concerns madcap antics aboard an ocean liner bound from New York to London.
 Billy Crocker is a stowaway in love with heiress Hope Harcourt, who is engaged to Lord Evelyn Oakleigh.
 Nightclub singer Reno Sweeney and Public Enemy #13 Moonface Martin aid Billy in his quest to win Hope.
 The musical introduced such songs as "Anything Goes", "You're the Top", and "I Get a Kick Out of You."
"Anything Goes" is a song by the Australian hard rock group AC/DC.
 It is the fourth track from their album "Black Ice".
 "Anything Goes" is one of five songs from the album that were played live on their Black Ice World Tour, however it was removed from the setlist on 25 October 2009 and was not played for the remainder of the tour.
 The single cover for Anything Goes is only the second AC/DC cover to feature frontman Brian Johnson alone (the 1986 re-release of "You Shook Me All Night Long" was the first); others have shown either the band or Angus Young.
Anything Goes is a 1956 American musical film directed by Robert Lewis and starring Bing Crosby, Donald O'Connor, Jeanmaire, and Mitzi Gaynor.
 Adapted from the 1934 stage play "Anything Goes" by Cole Porter, Guy Bolton, and P.G. Wodehouse, the film is about two entertainers scheduled to appear in a Broadway show together who travel to Paris, where each discovers the perfect leading lady for the female role—each promising the role to the girl they selected without informing the other.
 On the return voyage, with each man having brought his leading lady along, the Atlantic becomes a stormy crossing when each man must tell his discovery that she might not get the role.
"Let's Misbehave" is a song written by Cole Porter in 1927, originally intended for the female lead of his first major production, "Paris".
 Although it was discarded before the Broadway opening in favor of "Let's Do It, Let's Fall in Love", the star of the Broadway production, Irene Bordoni, did a phonograph recording of it which was labelled as from the production of "Paris".
 It was included perhaps most famously in the 1962 revival of "Anything Goes".
 It was a notable 1928 hit for Irving Aaronson and his Commanders.
Anything Goes is a soundtrack album issued by Decca Records (DL 8318) from the film of the same name.
 (See "Anything Goes" for the film.)
 The film starred Bing Crosby, Donald O'Connor, Jeanmaire, and Mitzi Gaynor.
 Joseph J. Lilley was the musical director with special orchestral arrangements by Van Cleave.
 All the songs were written by Cole Porter with the exception of three additional songs from Jimmy Van Heusen (music) and Sammy Cahn (lyrics) which have been annotated in the listing below.
 The soundtrack recording took place between April and June 1955.
 Three songs were recorded in February 1956 with Joseph J. Lilley and his Orchestra for inclusion in the album to replace the original soundtrack versions.
"Anything Goes" is a song written by Cole Porter for his musical "Anything Goes" (1934).
 Many of the lyrics feature humorous but dated references to various figures of scandal and gossip in Depression-era high society.
 For example, one couplet refers to Sam Goldwyn's notorious box-office failure "Nana", which featured a star, Anna Sten, whose English was said to be incomprehensible to all except Goldwyn, who came from Eastern Europe (Goldwyn was from Poland and Sten Ukraine).
 Other 1930s society references include film producer Max Gordon, socialite Evalyn Walsh McLean and her highly promoted trip to the Russian SFSR, interior design pioneer Lady Mendl's scandalous predilection for performing hand stands and cartwheels in public at the age of 70, and the financial woes common to "old money" families during the Depression, such as the Vanderbilts, Rockefellers and Whitneys. Most modern versions omit these lyrics, replacing them instead with generic examples of social upheaval.
Hidden Valley Downs was a half-mile horse racing track opened in 1966 located near Medora, Reno County, Kansas.
 The privately owned bush track hosted informal American Quarter Horse, and Thoroughbred events.
 Bush tracks are unregulated by state commissions and are noted for "anything goes" racing.
 Many famous horses raced at the track including Kentucky Derby winner Black Gold (horse).
 The track gained minor notoriety after Sports Illustrated magazine published an article about the track in the October 31, 1966 edition called Anything Goes in the Bush by Jack Olsen.
"Anything Goes!"
 is a song by Japanese recording artist Maki Ohguro, her 32nd single in her over twenty-year-long career.
 The song serves as the opening theme of the 2010-2011 Kamen Rider Series "Kamen Rider OOO".
 The single for the song was released on November 17, 2010, as a standard CD release and a CD+DVD release featuring the music video for the song.
 On September 15, 2010, Avex released the opening sequence edit of the song to digital music outlets.
 The single includes 3 variations of the song: the single cut, a ska edit, and the instrumental track.
 Japan-based rapper Rah-D is featured on the track.
 "Anything Goes!"
 is Maki Ohguro's first single in 11 years to break the top 10 of the Oricon at number 7, after selling 33,000 copies in its first week of release.
