Leonard Stogel (September 23, 1934 - May 25, 1979), music business manager/promoter/producer/executive for music festivals California Jam and California Jam II, and Canada Jam.
 He also managed Sweathog, The Cowsills, Sam the Sham, Tommy James & The Shondells, Redbone, Gentle Giant, Napoleon XIV, The Royal Guardsmen, and other musical groups.
 Coincidentally, Stogel's parents, Julius and Doris (Eisenberg) Stogel, had earlier perished on American Airlines Flight 1.
 He died when American Airlines Flight 191 crashed on May 25, 1979.
Canada Jam was a rock music festival concert held at Mosport Park in Bowmanville, Ontario Canada, about 100 kilometres east of Toronto, on August 26, 1978.
 The festival was produced by Sandy Feldman and Leonard Stogel, who produced California Jam and California Jam II, and was sponsored by Carling O'Keefe.
 It attracted over 110,000 fans, making it the largest paying rock event in Canadian history at that time.
 The Molson Canadian Rocks for Toronto a.k.a. "SARSfest" featuring the Rolling Stones and AC/DC eclipsed that mark with an audience of 450,000 people on July 30, 2003.
Snežana Mišković (Serbian: Снежана Мишковић ; ; born December 19, 1958), better known by her stage name Viktorija (Викторија ; ), is a Serbian female rock singer known for her raspy voice.
Laisa Vulakoro (born 13 August 1960 ) is a Fijian singer known as the Queen of Vude.
 She comes from the island of Yacata in Cakaudrove Province.
 Her music combines disco, rock and Fijian folk music.
 Vulakoro has performed since the 1980s and has released sixteen albums.
 During a period in Australia in the 1990s, Vulakoro performed with Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes.
 Now a resident of Suva, Fiji's capital, Vulakoro is seen regularly at major national events.
 Her style incorporates a unique blend of Fiji traditional music, R&B, jazz and rock.
 She has been described as Fiji's answer to Renée Geyer.
California Jam II (also known as Cal Jam II) was a music festival held in Ontario, California, at the Ontario Motor Speedway on March 18, 1978 and produced by Leonard Stogel, Sandy Feldman, and Don Branker.
 More than 350,000 people attended.
 The event was promoted by Wolf and Rissmiller Concerts.
 The festival was a sequel to the original California Jam held in 1974.
Roger Yang Pei-an (; born June 5, 1971) is a Taiwanese rock singer known for breaking out as an "undiscovered" talent at the age of 35 in the Taiwanese music industry with the hit song, "I Believe" (我相信) that established his powerhouse, octave-jumping vocal skills, leading him to be dubbed as the "Iron Lung Prince" (鐵肺王子) by the Taiwanese media and the "Treble God" (高音之神) by his fans.
 His voice has often compared to late singer-songwriter Zhang Yu-Sheng due to his penchant for singing the latter's songs and their similar ability to sing high notes effortlessly and clearly without using falsetto.
Leonard Bruce Julians (19 June 1933 – 17 December 1993) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward in the Football League for Leyton Orient, Arsenal, Nottingham Forest, Millwall & the Detroit Cougars during his footballing career.
 Julians also managed Kenyan club Gor Mahia, with him being one of the most successful and respected managers in the outfit's history.
Hong Kyung-Min (; born February 9, 1976) is a South Korean pop rock singer known for his versatility.
 He is one of a few singers in Korea that excels at many different styles of music, from rock to dance to ballad.
 He has also proven himself a talented musician and a well rounded entertainer.
Kim Kyung Ho (김경호, born June 7, 1971) is a Korean rock singer known for his efforts in bringing rock music to South Korea and his 4 octave vocal range.
California Jam (also known as Cal Jam) was a rock music festival co-headlined by Deep Purple and Emerson, Lake & Palmer, held at the Ontario Motor Speedway in Ontario, California, on April 6, 1974.
 It was produced by ABC Entertainment, Sandy Feldman and Leonard Stogel.
 Pacific Presentations, a Los Angeles-based concert company headed by Sepp Donahower and Gary Perkins, coordinated the event, booked all the talent and ran the advertising.
 Don Branker worked for Leonard Stogel and was responsible for concert site facilitation, toilets, fencing and medical.
 It attracted 300,000-400,000 paying fans.
 The festival set what were then records for the loudest amplification system ever installed, the highest paid attendance, and highest gross in history.
 It was the last of the original wave of rock festivals, as well as one of the most well-executed and financially successful, and presaged the era of media consolidation and the corporatization of the rock music industry.
