Rafael Carbajal (born September 30, 1960) is an Uruguayan former footballer who played mostly in the National Soccer League.
 He is currently the manager for Canadian S.C. in the Uruguayan Segunda División.
Álvaro Alexander Recoba Rivero (] ; born 17 March 1976; nickname "El Chino") is a Uruguayan former footballer, who last played for Primera División Uruguaya side Nacional, as either a forward or midfielder.
 Although he began and ended his footballing career in his native country, he also played for several European clubs throughout his career, most notably Italian side Inter Milan, where he spent 11 seasons.
Richard Fabián Sosa Zapata (born January 5, 1972 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan former footballer who played as a midfielder for Villa Española and for Chilean club Puerto Montt.
Anthony Philip David Terry Frank Donald Stanley Gerry Gordon Stephen James Oatway (born 28 November 1973), more commonly known as Charlie Oatway, is an English former footballer.
 Oatway retired from the professional game in August 2007.
 He was assistant manager and a player at Havant & Waterlooville but departed the club in June 2009.
 He is currently an analyst with Shanghai Shenhua, continuing his integral role within Gus Poyet's management team having previously worked with him at Brighton, Sunderland, AEK Athens and Real Betis Balompié.
Ruben Wálter Paz Márquez (born 8 August 1959 in Artigas) is a Uruguayan former footballer who played as a midfielder.
 Paz played at two FIFA World Cups for Uruguay and was also South American Footballer of the Year in 1988.
 He retired in 2006 at the age of 47.
 He's currently Peñarol's assistant coach.
Mateo Corbo (born April 21, 1976 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan former footballer who played as a left full back.
Gustavo Adolfo Munúa Vera (born 27 January 1978) is a Uruguayan former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Octavio Darío Rodríguez Peña (born 17 September 1974 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan former footballer who played as a centre back or left back for Peñarol.
 He was capped 51 times for the Uruguay national team.
 A versatile defender, he was capable of playing "at left-back or as a left-sided central defender.
 Strong in the air, he [wa]s a useful distraction in the opposition box at set pieces."
Fabián Alberto O'Neill Domínguez (born 14 October 1973 in Paso de los Toros) is a Uruguayan former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Washington Eduardo Tais Videgaín (born 21 December 1972) is a Uruguayan former footballer who played as a right back.
