Bapi Tutul are a Hindi film composer duo consisting of Bapi and his younger brother Tutul.
 They have written the scores for films such as "Sarkar "Sarkar Raj", "Khosla Ka Ghosla", "and" "Chal Pichchur Banate Hain".
Jatin–Lalit are a Bollywood film composer duo consisting of Jatin Pandit and his younger brother Lalit.
 They have written the scores for films such as "Khiladi", "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar", "", "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge", "Yes Boss", "Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai", "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai", "Mohabbatein", "Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham" and "Fanaa" .
Lakshmana (Sanskrit: लक्ष्मण, IAST: lakṣmaṇa, lit.
 "he who have the signs of fortune") also spelled as Laxman or Lakhan, is the younger brother of Rama and his aide in the Hindu epic, the Ramayana.
 He is also known by other names- Saumitra (Sanskrit: सौमित्र, IAST: saumitra, lit.
 "son of Sumitra"), Ramanuja (Sanskrit: रामानुज, IAST: rāmānuja, lit.
 "younger brother of Rama") and Bharatanuja (Sanskrit: भरतानुज, IAST: bharatānuja, lit.
 "younger brother of Bharata").
Aati Kya Khandala (Hindi: आती क्या खंडाला, Urdu: آتی کیا کھنڈالا) is a Hindi song sung by Indian actor Aamir Khan & playback singer Alka Yagnik and composed by Jatin–Lalit.
 It was a part of the soundtrack of the 1998 Hindi film "Ghulam".
 The lyrics were written by Nitin Raikwar.
Ghulam (translation: "Slave") is a 1998 Indian action crime drama film directed by Vikram Bhatt starring Aamir Khan, Rani Mukerji and Deepak Tijori in the lead roles.
 The film was inspired by Elia Kazan's "On the Waterfront" (1954).
 It is the remake of Vishesh Films first production "Kabzaa" starring Sanjay Dutt.
 Ghulam did well at the box office and was declared as 'Hit'.
.
 The song "Aati Kya Khandala", rendered by Aamir Khan and Alka Yagnik, was a chart-buster and trendsetter.
The Rogers Baronetcy, of Wisdome in the County of Devon, was a title in the Baronetage of England.
 It was created in 1699 for John Rogers, a merchant and Member of Parliament for Plymouth.
 His son, the second Baronet, and grandson, the third Baronet, also represented Plymouth in Parliament.
 The latter was childless and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fourth Baron.
 He was a Captain in the Royal Navy.
 His son, the fifth Baronet, sat as Member of Parliament for Plymouth.
 He was succeeded by his eldest son, the sixth Baronet.
 He sat as Member of Parliament for Callington and was also a composer.
 He was unmarried and was succeeded by his younger brother, the seventh Baronet.
 The latter was succeeded by his eldest son, the eighth Baronet.
 He was a prominent civil servant and notably served as Permanent Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies from 1860 to 1871.
 In 1871 he was elevated to the Peerage of the United Kingdom as Baron Blachford, of Wisdome and of Blachford in the County of Devon (Blachford House, Cornwood, near Ivybridge).
 He died childless in 1889 when the barony became extinct.
 He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his younger brother, the ninth Baronet.
 The latter was in his turn succeeded by another brother, the tenth Baronet, on whose death in 1895 the baronetcy became extinct as well.
Lal Mohammad Iqbal were a popular Pakistani composer duo, consisting of Lal Mohammad (1933–2009) and Buland Iqbal (1930-2013).
 They were among the leading musicians of Pakistan film industry belonging to the golden era of film songs.
 Buland Iqbal composed music at Radio Pakistan with his colleague Lal Mohammad and the duo was known as Lal Mohammad Iqbal.
 The duo is primarily remembered for their compositions in the voice of playback singer Ahmed Rushdi.
Sapan Chakraborty, also variously cited as Swapan Chakraborty, Sapan Chakravorty, Sapan Chakravarty (Bengali: স্বপন চক্রবর্তী ) or simply Sapan, is a Bengali Indian music composer who composed music for Bollywood Hindi and Bengali films.
 He was also a music assistant of Rahul Dev Burman and an occasional playback singer.
 He also penned a number of lyrics for songs in Burman's Bengali film and Durga Puja special albums, along with those in films for which he was the composer.
 In terms of compositional style, the eclectic influences of his guru Rahul Dev Burman are present in his creations.
 Sapan Chakraborty is not to be confused with Sapan Dasgupta of the Sapan-Jagmohan composer duo.
Kalyanji–Anandji are an Indian composer duo from Gujarat: Kalyanji Virji Shah (30 June 1928-03 November 2000) and his brother Anandji Virji Shah (born 02 March 1933).
 The duo are known for their work on Hindi film soundtracks, particularly action potboilers in the 1970s.
 Some of their best-known works are "Don", "Bairaag", "Saraswatichandra", "Qurbani", "Tridev" and "Safar".
 They won the 1975 Filmfare Award for Best Music Director for "Kora Kagaz".
The Boreel, later Boreel Baronetcy, of Amsterdam in the Netherlands, is a title in the Baronetage of England.
 It was created on 21 March 1645 for William Boreel.
 He was Dutch Ambassador to England, Sweden and Venice.
 The title descended in the direct line until the death of his grandson, the third Baronet, in 1710.
 The late Baronet died unmarried and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fourth Baronet.
 He died without male issue and was succeeded by his first cousin, the fifth Baronet.
 He was the son of James Boreel, younger son of the first Baronet.
 He died childless and was succeeded by his nephew, the sixth Baronet.
 He was the son of James Boreel, younger brother of the fifth Baronet.
 He never married and was succeeded by his first cousin once removed, the seventh Baronet.
 He was the grandson of John Hieronymous Boreel, younger brother of the fifth Baronet.
 His son, the eighth Baronet, was created a Jonkheer in the Dutch nobility.
 The title descended from father to son until the death of his grandson, the tenth Baronet, in 1937.
