The 2015–16 Hampton Pirates men's basketball team represented Hampton University during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Pirates, led by seventh year head coach Edward Joyner, played their home games at the Hampton Convocation Center and were members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
 They finished the season 21–11, 13–3 in MEAC play to win the MEAC regular season championship.
 They defeated Morgan State, Savannah State, and South Carolina State to be champions of the MEAC Tournament.
 They earned the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament where they lost in the first round to Virginia.
The 2014–15 Hampton Pirates men's basketball team represented Hampton University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Pirates, led by sixth year head coach Edward Joyner, played their home games at the Hampton Convocation Center and were members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
 They finished the season 17–18, 8–8 in MEAC play to finish in sixth place.
 The defeated Morgan State, Maryland Eastern Shore, Norfolk State, and Delaware State to become champions of the MEAC Tournament.
 They received an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament where they defeated Manhattan in the First Four before losing in the second round to Kentucky.
The 2016–17 Hampton Pirates men's basketball team represented Hampton University during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Pirates, led by eighth-year head coach Edward Joyner, played their home games at the Hampton Convocation Center as members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
 They finished the season 14–17, 11–5 in MEAC play to finish in a tie for third place.
 They lost in the quarterfinals of the MEAC Tournament to Maryland Eastern Shore.
 They were invited to the College Basketball Invitational where they lost in the first round to Coastal Carolina.
The 2011 Hampton Pirates football team represented Hampton University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 The Pirates were led by third year head coach Donovan Rose and played their home games at Armstrong Stadium.
 They are a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
 They finished the season 7–4, 5–3 in MEAC play to finish in a tie for fourth place.
The Hampton Pirates football team represents Hampton University in college football.
 The Pirates play in NCAA Division I Football Championship as a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
The Hampton Pirates men's basketball team is the basketball team that represents Hampton University in Hampton, Virginia, United States.
 The school's team currently competes in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
 The 2001 Hampton team is one of seven 15th seeds to have upset a 2nd seed in the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship after defeating Iowa State.
The 2016–17 Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team represented Seton Hall University in the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Pirates played home games in Newark, New Jersey at the Prudential Center, with one exhibition and one regular season game at Walsh Gymnasium in South Orange, New Jersey.
 They were coached, for the seventh year, by Kevin Willard.
 They were members of the Big East Conference.
 They finished the season 21–12, 10–8 in Big East play to finish in a four-way tie for third place.
 As the No. 5 seed in the Big East Tournament, they defeated Marquette before losing to Villanova in the semifinals.
 They received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament as a No. 9 seed in the South region where they lost to Arkansas in the First Round.
The 2013–14 Hampton Pirates men's basketball team represented Hampton University during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Pirates, led by fifth year head coach Edward Joyner, played their home games at the Hampton Convocation Center and were members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
 They finished the season 18–13, 13–3 in MEAC play to finish in second place.
 They lost in the quarterfinals of the MEAC Tournament to Coppin State.
 They were invited to the College Basketball Invitational where they lost in the first round to Penn State.
The 2015–16 Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team represented Seton Hall University in the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Pirates played home games in Newark, New Jersey at the Prudential Center, with one exhibition and one regular season game at Walsh Gymnasium in South Orange, New Jersey.
 They were coached, for the sixth year, by Kevin Willard.
 They were members of the Big East Conference.
 They finished the season 25–9, 12–6 in Big East play to finish in third place.
 They defeated Creighton, Xavier, and the eventual national champion Villanova to become champions of the Big East Tournament.
 They received the Big East Conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament where they lost in the first round to Gonzaga.
The 2012–13 Hampton Pirates men's basketball team represented Hampton University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Pirates, led by fourth year head coach Edward Joyner, played their home games at the Hampton Convocation Center and were members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
 They finished the season 14–17, 11–5 in MEAC play to finish in a tie for third place.
 They lost in the quarterfinals of the MEAC Tournament to Delaware State.
