Anna Sophie Jobarteh (born 3 April 1996) is an English actress, best known for playing the role of Ruth Kirby on the British television series "Waterloo Road".
 She also played a role in thriller series "Paradox" in 2009, when she played the role of Dionne Hudson.
 She starred as Christie in a show called "Combat Kids" on the CBBC Channel in 2010.
Kathryn Drysdale (born December 1981) is an English actress known for her role as Grace Shelley in The West End show "The Ruling Class" opposite James Mcavoy, as Taylor in the movie "St Trinian's", Rhoda Swartz in Mira Nair's Vanity Fair, and Louise Brooks in the BBC comedy series "Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps" from 2001 until her departure from the show in 2009.
 She has also starred in the fourth series of the ITV sitcom "Benidorm" and as Brownwell in William Boyd's award-winning "Any Human Heart" opposite Jim Broadbent.
 She previously worked with Broadbent on Mira Nair's feature adaptation of William Thackery's "Vanity Fair" starring Reese Witherspoon.
 She played the role of mixed-race heiress Rhoda Swartz.
 She is also known for her role as Lizzie in the drama series "Tripping Over" by Mike Bullen.
 She appeared in "Doctor Who" as Bliss in the episode "Love & Monsters".
 She currently plays Meghan Markle in season 2 of "The Windsors".
Emily Jane Atack (born 18 December 1989 in Bedfordshire) is an English actress, best known for her role as Charlotte Hinchcliffe in the award winning E4 series "The Inbetweeners".
 In recent years she has starred films such as the remake of Dad's Army opposite Catherine Zita Jones and Bill Nighy and will co-star alongside Jennifer Saunders in Disney's live action picture, Patrick in 2018.
 She starred alongside Harvey Kietel and Gabriel Byrne in British film Lies We Tell.
 She has also starred in television programmes such as Rock and Chips (BBC), Little Crackers (Sky One), The Keith Lemon Sketch Show (ITV2) and The Tracey Ullman Show (BBC).
Shannon Flynn (born 22 August 1996) is an English actress from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, who is best known for playing Emily James in the BBC school-based drama, "Waterloo Road".
 Flynn has also had a presenting role on the CBBC show "Friday Download", and had starred in its film, "Up All Night".
 From 2013 to 2015, Flynn starred in the CBBC children's show, "Dani's Castle."
Amanda Donohoe (born 29 June 1962) is an English actress.
 She had a four-year relationship with popstar Adam Ant and appeared in the music videos for the Adam and the Ants singles "Antmusic" (1980) and "Stand and Deliver" (1981).
 For her role as C.J. Lamb on the NBC drama series "L.A. Law" (1990–92), she won the Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress (TV) in 1992.
 Other television roles include playing Natasha Wylde on the British soap opera "Emmerdale" (2009–10).
 On stage, she starred as Yelena in "Uncle Vanya" (New York 1995), Mrs. Robinson in "The Graduate" (London 2001) and in the title role of "Hedda Gabler" (Manchester 2001).
 Her film appearances include "Castaway" (1986), "The Lair of the White Worm" (1988), "The Madness of King George" (1994) and "Liar, Liar" (1997).
Helena Bonham Carter, (born 26 May 1966) is an English actress.
 She is known for her roles in low-budget arthouse and independent films to large-scale Hollywood productions.
 She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Kate Croy in "The Wings of the Dove" (1997).
 For her role as Queen Elizabeth in "The King's Speech" (2010), she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.
 She also won the 2010 International Emmy Award for Best Actress for her role as British author Enid Blyton in the TV film "Enid" (2009).
Jane Cox is an English actress known for her role in ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" as farmer's wife Lisa Dingle, a role she has played since 1996.
 Cox has also starred in episodes of "Coronation Street", "Hetty Wainthrop Investigates" and "The Bill".
 Her most notable pre-"Emmerdale" role was as the leading female in the children's entertainment series "Allsorts".
 She has also appeared on Lily Savage's Blankety Blank.
Janet McTeer, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 5 August 1961) is an English actress.
 In 1997, she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play, the Olivier Award for Best Actress and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Play for her role as Nora in "A Doll's House" (1996–97).
 She also won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Mary Jo Walker in the 1999 film "Tumbleweeds", and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Hubert Page in the 2011 film "Albert Nobbs".
 She was made an OBE in the 2008 Birthday Honours.
Jessica Yu Li Henwick (玉李) (born 30 August 1992) is an English actress.
 She is the first actress of East Asian descent to play the lead role in a British television series, having starred in the children's show "Spirit Warriors".
 She is also known for her roles as Nymeria Sand in HBO series "Game of Thrones", X-wing pilot Jessika Pava in the 2015 film "", and Colleen Wing in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, making her debut in the Netflix television series "Iron Fist".
Kelly Wenham (born 28 November 1983, Stockport, England) is an English actress, director, screenwriter and comedian.
 Her early career was spent in modelling, before answering a casting call for a bit part in "Always and Everyone".
 Following this she entered drama school, but quit three months later after being cast in a regular role in "Where the Heart Is", as Jess Buckley, a role she kept for three years.
 After leaving "Where the Heart Is", she appeared in "Coronation Street" as barmaid Danielle Spencer.
 In 2004 she was cast in a leading role as Julie Priestly in "Steel River Blues", though the programme lasted only one series.
 Wenham has also made one-off appearances in "Life on Mars", "Holby City", "Wild At Heart", "Heartbeat" and "Dead Set".
 Kelly provided the voice for Syrenne in the 2012 British and American releases of The Last Story on the Wii.
 She also appeared in the fifth series of the BBC fantasy series "Merlin" as Queen Mab.
 She starred in the 2013 film "" as Dracula's love interest, Alina.
