Sarah Price is a Christian fiction novelist and adult and children's author of over 40 books.
The Hot Chick is a 2002 American comedy film about a teenage girl whose body is magically swapped with that of a 30-year-old criminal.
 It was directed by Tom Brady and produced by John Schneider and Carr D'Angelo for Happy Madison and Touchstone Pictures, and written by Brady and Rob Schneider.
 The film stars Schneider as the criminal and Rachel McAdams as Jessica, who, together with her cheerleader friends, search for Jessica's body while dealing with awkward social situations.
Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo is a 1999 American sex comedy film directed by Mike Mitchell at his feature debut, written by Harris Goldberg and Rob Schneider, and starring Schneider as a hapless fishtank cleaner who goes into business as a male prostitute in an attempt to earn enough money to repair damage he caused while house-sitting.
 It was the first film released by "Happy Madison Productions".
Rob (stylized in promos as ¡Rob!)
 is an American sitcom television series that premiered on CBS on January 12, 2012, at 8:30 pm (ET) as a mid-season replacement for "Rules of Engagement", and ended on March 1, 2012.
 The series stars Rob Schneider alongside Cheech Marin, Claudia Bassols, Diana Maria Riva, Eugenio Derbez, Ricky Rico, and Lupe Ontiveros.
 The show was produced by "Two and a Half Men"' s The Tannenbaum Company and CBS Television Studios.
 On May 13, 2012, CBS canceled the series.
Big Stan is a 2007 American prison comedy directed and produced by Rob Schneider, who also starred in the film.
 The film co-stars Jennifer Morrison, Scott Wilson and David Carradine.
 The film also features Henry Gibson in his final role.
 Although released in some overseas markets during the fall of 2008, it was released straight to DVD in the U.S. on March 24, 2009.
 It debuted at number 17 on the DVD rental charts of March 23–30, 2009.
 On the radio show "Loveline", Schneider stated that this film will be an "anti-man-raping" film — referring to prison rape.
Sarah Price is an American filmmaker, known for the feature documentaries "American Movie" (1999 Winner of the Grand Jury Prize for Documentary at the Sundance Film Festival, released by Sony Pictures Classics), "Caesar's Park" (2001 SXSW Int'l Film Fest, Sundance Channel), "The Yes Men" (2003 Toronto Int'l Film Festival, released by United Artist/MGM), and "Summercamp!
" (2006 Toronto Int'l Film Fest, Sundance Channel).
 Price was also a cinematographer on "The Yes Men Fix the World" (2009 Sundance Film Fest/HBO), and a Co-Producer of "Youssou N’dour: I Bring What I Love" (2008 Toronto Int’l Fest).
 In 2009, she expanded into commercial directing and is represented by Independent Media Inc.
 In 2014, she further expanded into episodic television, directing "The Carrie Diaries" for Warner Brothers.
Tanner Elle Schneider (born July 3, 1989), known professionally as Elle King, is an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
 Her musical style encompasses country, soul, rock and blues.
 In 2012, King released her debut EP, "The Elle King EP", on RCA.
 The EP track "Playing for Keeps" is the theme song for VH1's "Mob Wives Chicago" series.
 She released her debut album, "Love Stuff" on February 17, 2015.
 The album produced the US top 10 single "Ex's & Oh's," which earned her two Grammy Award nominations.
 King has also toured with acts such as Of Monsters and Men, Train and Michael Kiwanuka.
 She is the daughter of comedian Rob Schneider and former model London King.
 She currently resides in Los Angeles, not Brooklyn.
John Schneider (born April 23, 1962) is an American film, television and multi-media producer and artists' manager based in Los Angeles, California.
 The Pacifica, California native made his first forays into show business when he took on the position of personal manager for his younger brother, comedian and actor Rob Schneider, and subsequently managed the San Francisco area rock band Head On.
 Eventually, John transitioned into producing movies such as "The Hot Chick" and "", alongside executive producers Adam Sandler and Jack Giarraputo.
Registered Offender is the debut comedy album by actor and stand-up comedian Rob Schneider.
 Released in July 2010 by Oglio Records, it contains a mixture of sketches and songs, with all voices performed by Schneider.
 The content is adult in nature and features various scatological references.
 The album was recorded at various times and locations during 2007-2009.
 A 7" vinyl single of the musical track "She's Gonna Come" b/w "Swain the Legend" was released simultaneously with the CD version of the album.
Real Rob is an American comedy television series created by Rob Schneider.
 The series premiered on December 1, 2015, on Netflix.
 The series follows the everyday life of Rob, including his real-life wife Patricia and daughter Miranda.
 On July 27, 2016, the series was renewed by Netflix for a second season, which premiered on September 29, 2017.
