The Saga of Gosta Berling (Swedish: Gösta Berlings saga ) is a 1924 Swedish romantic drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller and released by AB Svensk Filmindustri, starring Lars Hanson, Gerda Lundequist and Greta Garbo in her native break-out role on film.
 The film is based on the 1891 debut novel of the same name by the Swedish author and Nobel Prize winner Selma Lagerlöf.
 It is also known as Gosta Berling's Saga, The Story of Gosta Berling and The Atonement of Gosta Berling.
Sir Arne's Treasure (Swedish: Herr Arnes pengar ) is a 1919 Swedish crime-drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller, starring Richard Lund, Hjalmar Selander, Concordia Selander and Mary Johnson.
 It is based on the novel "The Treasure" by Selma Lagerlöf, originally published in 1903.
 The story takes place on the Swedish west coast during the 16th century, and revolves around a Scottish mercenary who murders a wealthy family for treasure, only to unwittingly begin a relationship with the surviving daughter of the family.
Erotikon is a 1920 Swedish romantic comedy film directed by Mauritz Stiller, starring Tora Teje, Karin Molander, Anders de Wahl and Lars Hanson.
 It is based on the 1917 play "A kék róka" by Ferenc Herczeg.
 The story revolves around an entomology professor obsessed with the sexual life of bugs, and his easygoing wife who is courted by two suitors.
Traceroute is a 2016 Austrian/American documentary film directed by Johannes Grenzfurthner.
 The autobiographical documentary and road movie deals with the history, politics and impact of nerd culture.
 Grenzfurthner calls his film a "personal journey into the uncharted depths of nerd culture, a realm full of dangers, creatures and more or less precarious working conditions", an attempt to "chase the ghosts of nerddom's past, present and future."
 The film was co-produced by art group monochrom and Reisenbauer Film.
 It features music by Kasson Crooker, Hans Nieswandt, and many others.
The Tale of a Manor (Swedish: En herrgårdssägen ) is an 1899 novel by the Swedish writer Selma Lagerlöf.
 It tells the story of a young woman who tries to rescue the man she loves from madness, caused by shame and sorrow.
 It was published in English in 1923, in a portmanteau volume titled "The Tale of a Manor and Other Sketches".
 The 1923 film "The Blizzard" by Mauritz Stiller is loosely based on the novel.
Soviet Unterzoegersdorf (German: "Sowjet-Unterzögersdorf" ) is a fictitious country created by the art/technology/theory group monochrom.
 It is the "last existing appanage republic of the USSR", located inside the Republic of Austria.
 Unterzögersdorf is partially based on an existing village well-known to Johannes Grenzfurthner, the creator of the concept.
 As a kid and teenager, Grenzfurthner spent a lot of time at his grandparents' farm in the small village of Unterzögersdorf (a cadastral municipality of Stockerau).
 His grandparents' stories about the Naziism, WWII and the Soviet occupation in allied-occupied Austria (1945-1955) form the inspirational basis of the long-term project "Soviet Unterzoegersdorf".
The Blizzard is a 1923 Swedish drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller, starring Einar Hanson, Mary Johnson, Pauline Brunius and Hugo Björne.
 The film's original Swedish title is Gunnar Hedes saga, which means "The story of Gunnar Hede".
 The narrative revolves a student who tries to save his family's mansion which is facing bankruptcy.
 The film is loosely based on the Selma Lagerlöf novel "The Tale of a Manor".
The Conflicts of Life (Swedish: "Livets konflikter" ) is a 1913 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström and Mauritz Stiller.
Paul Seelig (5 October 1900 – June 1931) was a Swedish actor.
 He appeared in about 15 roles in films 1913 and 1931.
 His film debut was in Mauritz Stiller's film "En pojke i livets strid" in 1913, when he was thirteen years old.
Richard Lund (9 July 1885 – 27 September 1960) was a Swedish film and theatre actor.
 He made his stage debut at Stora Teatern in Gothenburg in 1904 and later appeared in 73 films between 1912 and 1952, making his most important roles during the silent film era.
 Among his best-known roles is that of Sir Archie in Mauritz Stiller's "Sir Arne's Treasure" (1919).
 He was the most prominent "first lover" of Swedish film during his heyday.
