Berkeley Student Cooperative (BSC) (formerly known as University Students' Cooperative Association or the USCA) is a student housing cooperative serving primarily the University of California, Berkeley, but open to any full-time post-secondary student.
 The BSC houses over 1,300 students in 17 houses and 3 apartment buildings.
 Food is provided to residents of the 17 houses, which also offer boarding meal plans to non-residents.
 Residents of the houses are expected to perform work (typically 5 hours per week) as part of their rental agreement, which keeps rent low.
 The BSC is led by a board of directors elected by the residents.
Tannat is a red wine grape, historically grown in South West France in the Madiran AOC, and is now one of the most prominent grapes in Uruguay, where it is considered the "national grape".
 It is also grown in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Peru, South Africa, Bolivia, and in the Italian region of Apulia, where it is used as a blending grape.
 In the US states of Maryland and Virginia, there are small experimental plantings of the vine, and plantings in California have increased dramatically in the first years of the 21st Century.
 It also shows great promise in Arizona.
 Tannat wines produced in Uruguay are usually quite different in character from Madiran wines, being lighter in body and lower in tannins.
 It is also used to make Armagnac and full bodied rosé.
 In France, efforts to solve the harsh tannic nature of the grape led to the development of the winemaking technique known as micro-oxygenation.
Tank House, also known as Tank Cooperative is an 1897 Queen Anne living and dining cooperative owned and maintained by Oberlin College.
 Originally the Tank Home for Missionary Children, the house underwent a series of renovations before becoming the co-op it is today.
 In 1962, it became the property of Oberlin Student Cooperative Association, the second largest student cooperative in the United States.
Keep Cottage, also known as Keep Cooperative is an 1839 post-Victorian tudor revival mansion owned and maintained by Oberlin College.
 Originally home to the Reverend John Keep, the house underwent a serious renovation in 1911 in order to transform it into a college dormitory.
 In 1965, it became the property of Oberlin Student Cooperative Association, the second largest student cooperative in the United States.
 It is named after its primary trustee, the reverend John Keep, an abolitionist who cast the deciding vote that let African-American students attend Oberlin College, the first institution to do so.
Cooke County Electric Cooperative Association is a non-profit rural electric utility cooperative headquartered in Muenster, Texas.
Welch Foods Inc. (Welch's) is an American company, headquartered in Concord, Massachusetts.
 It has been owned by the National Grape Cooperative Association, a co-op of grape growers, since 1956.
 Welch's is particularly known for its grape juices, jams and jellies made from dark Concord grapes and its white Niagara grape juice.
 The company also manufactures and markets an array of other products, including refrigerated juices, frozen and shelf-stable concentrates, organic grape juice and dried fruit.
 Welch's has also licensed its name for a line of grape-flavored soft drinks since 1974.
 Welch's grape and strawberry soda flavors are currently licensed to the Dr Pepper Snapple Group.
 Other popular products that use the Welch's name are the fruit snacks made by The Promotion In Motion Companies, Inc.
Sung to the tune of the "Battle Hymn of the Republic" (which itself was an adaptation of "John Brown's Body", a marching song of the American Civil War), The Battle Hymn of Cooperation was widely popular throughout the American consumers' cooperative movement from the 1930s onward.
 It remained a favorite until well after the Second World War, for example at the annual meetings of the Consumers Cooperative Association of Missouri, where thousands of members joined in singing it.
 The hymn can be considered as the official song of the Cooperative League of the USA (CLUSA), later renamed the National Cooperative Business Association (NCBA).
Bailey County Electric Cooperative Association is a rural utility cooperative headquartered in Muleshoe, Texas.
Wabash Valley Power Association is an electric generation and transmission cooperative headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.
 Wabash Valley provides wholesale power to 28 distribution cooperatives in Illinois, Indiana, Michigan and Missouri that reach over 350,000 businesses and residences.
 The cooperative operates under the business model of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association.
Wiregrass Electric Cooperative is a not-for-profit rural electric utility cooperative headquartered in Hartford, Alabama.
 It is a member of the Alabama Rural Electric Association of Cooperatives (AREA) and the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association.
