Blackjack Pizza is a Colorado-based pizza delivery chain founded in 1983 by a former Domino's Pizza employee, Vince Schmuhl, because Domino's Pizza was the only major pizza delivery company in the Rocky Mountain region and he thought customers would appreciate an alternative.
 The pizza chain is the largest in Colorado with 800 employees, some of whom work part-time.
 On January 1, 2013, Blackjack Pizza was acquired by Askar Brands.
Chicago Franchise Systems, Inc. franchises operates Italian-based Chicago-style restaurants in Illinois, Georgia, California and Missouri which specialize in Chicago-style cuisine They have operated since 1990, when they took over the popular Nancy's Pizza chain of pizzerias.
 Nancy's itself was started in 1971 by Nancy and Rocco Palese, a couple who claims to have invented the concept of stuffed pizza.
 Today, there are 36 Nancy's locations in Chicago metropolitan area, as well as two location in the Atlanta, Georgia area, and one in the Los Angeles, CA area.
 CFS, Inc. operates Al's Beef, a popular Italian beef restaurant that is extremely well known in downtown Chicago and is regarded as one of the best beef sandwiches in the country.
 CFS, Inc. just launched Doughocracy Pizza + Brews, a fast casual pizza place that gives customers the "Freedom to Choose" their own toppings on a hand stretched pizza crust that can be paired with local craft beers.
 There are two Doughocracy restaurants, one in Geneva, Illinois and one in University City, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis.
Pizza delivery is a service in which a pizzeria or pizza chain delivers a pizza to a customer.
 An order is typically made either by telephone or over the internet to the pizza chain, in which the customer can request pizza type, size and other products alongside the pizza, commonly including soft drinks.
 Pizzas may be delivered in pizza boxes or delivery bags, and deliveries are made with either an automobile, motorized scooter, or bicycle.
 Customers can, depending on the pizza chain, choose to pay online, or in person, with cash, credit or a debit card.
 A delivery fee is often charged with what the customer has bought.
The Round Table is King Arthur's famed table in the Arthurian legend, around which he and his Knights congregate.
 As its name suggests, it has no head, implying that everyone who sits there has equal status.
 The table was first described in 1155 by Wace, who relied on previous depictions of Arthur's fabulous retinue.
 The symbolism of the Round Table developed over time; by the close of the 12th century it had come to represent the chivalric order associated with Arthur's court, the Knights of the Round Table.
Freshslice Pizza is a Canadian franchised pizza chain in restaurants located throughout British Columbia, and one location in Toronto as of 2016.
 The first restaurant opened in 1999 in Vancouver, British Columbia.
 Today, Freshslice Pizza is the second-largest pizza chain in British Columbia behind Panago in terms of locations open.
Monical's Pizza is an American regional pizza chain, which as of 2017, consists of over 60 locations in Illinois, Indiana, Missouri and Wisconsin.
 About half of the locations are franchised, while the others are owned by the corporation.
 Monical's is known for its thin crust pizza, topped with garlic salt and basil which customers often dip into the Monical's Sweet & Tart French dressing, and is cut into small squares (about 1.5 in 1.5 inches square) rather than wedges, as seen at most pizza places.
Menlo Park is a Caltrain station located in Menlo Park, California.
 The station was originally built in 1867 by the San Francisco and San Jose Railroad and acquired by the Southern Pacific Railroad.
 During the 1890s, Southern Pacific added Victorian ornamentation to the depot to make it appear more attractive to students and visitors to Stanford University.
 The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974, and became a California Historical Landmark in 1983.
 It is also within walking distance of the oldest Round Table Pizza.
Round Table Pizza is a large chain of pizza parlors in the western United States.
 The company's headquarters are located in Concord, California.
Round table refers to the Central Round Table ("Zentraler Runder Tisch") that convened in East Berlin on December 7, 1989, the day after Egon Krenz, the new head of the Socialist Unity Party (SED) government, resigned.
 This Round Table, modeled after the Polish Round Table convened in April 1989, was initiated by the group Democracy Now.
 It was set up as a forum in which members of East German government organizations (such as the so-called block parties, trade unions, the women’s league, etc.) came together with representatives of the new citizens’ movements (such as Democracy Now, Democratic Awakening, and New Forum) to discuss and advance reforms in the German Democratic Republic (East Germany), advising the executive until new national elections could be held.
 There were 39 representatives at the Central Round Table, 33 with voting rights.
 Seventeen of them represented new oppositional groups and political parties, and 16 were from political parties and organizations that had been part of the official East German government.
 Three, representing women, consumers and environmentalists, had observer status.
 The final three members were the moderators, all clergymen, from the Protestant, Catholic and Methodist churches, who did not have the right to vote.
 At first most participants hoped to reform the East German government and thus retain the country’s independence, but as popular opinion moved towards rapid unification with West Germany, these hopes were dashed.
Peppes Pizza is a Norwegian pizza chain that serves American style and Italian style pizza.
 Peppes is the largest pizza chain in Scandinavia.
 The restaurant was founded by two Americans, Louis Jordan and his wife Anne from Hartford, Connecticut.
 The restaurant chain is part of Umoe Catering As which consists of restaurants such as Burger King, TGI Fridays, La Baguette and Cafe Opus.
 Peppes Pizza is one of the first restaurants that brought foreign food to Norway.
 9 million pizzas are served by Peppes each year with deliveries in 11 cities in Norway.
 Their menu was first put online in March 1995.
 The servings have been described as enough for two people and that the pizza chain is "a cut above the rest".
