North Star Computers Inc. (later styled as NorthStar™) was an American computer company based in Berkeley, California existing between June 1976 (when according to popular rumor it was formed as "Kentucky Fried Computers") and 1984.
 Originally a mail order business for IMSAI computers, it soon developed into a major player in the early microcomputer market, becoming first known for their low-cost floppy disk system for S-100 bus machines, and later for their own S-100 bus computers running either the CP/M operating system or North Star's own proprietary operating system, NSDOS.
 North Star BASIC was a common dialect of the popular BASIC programming language.
 They later expanded their lineup with dual-CPU machines able to run MS-DOS, and a server version running either DOS or Novell NetWare.
North Star Air is a Canadian charter and cargo airline headquartered in Thunder Bay, Ontario, with secondary passenger hub in Sioux Lookout, Ontario, and cargo hubs located in Pickle Lake, and Red Lake, Ontario.
 The majority of destinations served are remote First Nations communities, with regular service to 18 airports under "Flex Flight Passenger Service", and other regional destination under an on-demand basis.
 Founded in 1997 as a floatplane operator with two DHC-2 Beaver aircraft based in Pickle Lake, ON, the airline has grown over the years and came under new ownership in 2012.
 In 2015 Cargo North and North Star Air merged under the North Star banner.
Your Family or Mine is an American sitcom series based on the Israeli series "Sabri Maranan" (Hebrew: סברי מרנן‎ ‎ ).
 The series is centered on a young married couple, Oliver (Kyle Howard) and Kelli (Kat Foster), and alternates between their two families.
 "Your Family or Mine" was announced by TBS in mid 2014 with a ten-episode order.
 It premiered on April 7, 2015.
 On October 23, 2015, TBS quietly cancelled the series after one season.
Sessão de Terapia was a Brazilian television series written and directed by actor Selton Mello and based on the Israeli series "BeTipul", created by Israeli psychologist Hagai Levi.
 It is also based on he American version of the series, "In Treatment".
 It debuted on 1 October 2012 at GNT, at 10 pm and ended on 30 November, with a total of 45 episodes.
The following is a list of video games based on the manga "Fist of the North Star".
 Since 1986 , many video games based on the "Hokuto no Ken" franchise have been released for the Japanese market, including coin-operated arcade games and computer software.
 The majority of these games were released only in Japan, with the exceptions of "Fist of the North Star" for the Nintendo Entertainment System by Taxan Soft in 1989 , "Fist of the North Star: 10 Big Brawls for the King of Universe" for the Game Boy by Electro Brain in 1991 , and the "" series by Koei Tecmo, which started in 2010 .
 The arcade games "Fighting Mania" by Konami and the "Fist of the North Star" fighting game by Sega, also received international distribution.
 Additionally, the Sega games "Black Belt" for the Master System and "Last Battle" for the Genesis, were originally released as "Hokuto no Ken" video games in Japan before they were stripped of the license and rebranded for the international market.
The North Star was a nineteenth-century anti-slavery newspaper published from the Talman Building in Rochester, New York by abolitionist Frederick Douglass.
 The paper commenced publication on December 3, 1847 and ceased as "The North Star" in June 1851 when it merged with Gerrit Smith's "Liberty Party Paper" (based in Syracuse, New York) to form "Frederick Douglass' Paper".
 "The North Star"'s slogan was "Right is of no Sex—Truth is of no Color—God is the Father of us all, and we are all Brethren."
North Star (Hebrew: כוכב הצפון‎ ‎ , also known as "Northern Star") is an Israeli teen drama series of The Walt Disney Company, which was produced by Herzliya Studios.
 The series premiered on Disney Channel in Israel on 30 November 2014.
 Disney Channel Israel gave the green light for the production of a final second season in February 2015, which was first shown on 6 March 2016.
 In the series "North Star" also some actors from the Israeli Disney Channel Original Series "Summer Break Stories" appear as their characters.
 The finale of "North Star" was broadcast on June 16, 2016 by Israeli Disney Channel.
The Lodge is a British musical drama sitcom that premiered in the United Kingdom on Disney Channel on 23 September 2016 and in the United States on Disney Channel on 17 October 2016.
 The series is based on the Israeli series "North Star" and stars Sophie Simnett, Luke Newton, Thomas Doherty, Bethan Wright, Jayden Revri, Jade Alleyne, Joshua Sinclair-Evans, and Mia Jenkins.
Legends of the Dark King: A Fist of the North Star Story (Japanese: 天の覇王 北斗の拳 ラオウ外伝 , Hepburn: Ten no Haō: Hokuto no Ken: Raoh Gaiden , roughly translated as "The Conqueror of the Heavens: Fist of the North Star Raoh Side-Story") is a manga series by Youkow Osada that was serialized in the "Weekly Comic Bunch" from 2006 to 2007.
 It is a spinoff of the manga series "Fist of the North Star" by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara.
 The story centers on the "Fist of the North Star" antagonist Raoh and depicts his rise to power as the conqueror of a post-apocalyptic world prior to and during the events of the original work.
 The story of "Legends of the Dark King" also incorporates elements introduced in the "" movie series, including Raoh's childhood friends of Reina and Souga, who help him establish his army.
Thomas Doherty (born April 21, 1995) is a Scottish actor, best known for his roles as Harry Hook in Disney's "Descendants 2" and as Sean in the British musical drama sitcom, "The Lodge".
 In 2017, it was announced that Doherty would play the role of Zander in Michael Damian's film, High Strung: Free Dance.
