Masterpeace is the sixth studio album of heavy metal band Metal Church.
 This album features the return of David Wayne, absent since "The Dark".
 All original members recorded on "Masterpeace" except guitarist Craig Wells and drummer Kirk Arrington.
 Jeff Wade (the "friendly ghost") filled in for Arrington on the album and on tour.
 This was the second Metal Church album to feature the cruciform Gibson Explorer on a cover, the first being the band's 1984 debut.
"Talladega" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Eric Church.
 It is the fourth single from his fourth studio album, "The Outsiders".
 It was released to radio on September 15, 2014.
Mr. Misunderstood is the fifth studio album from American country music artist Eric Church.
 EMI Records Nashville released the album on November 3, 2015 to his fan club, before being released on iTunes the following day.
 Church worked with long-time music producer Jay Joyce for the production of the album.
"Like a Wrecking Ball" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Eric Church.
 It was released on March 9, 2015 as the fifth and final single from his fourth studio album "The Outsiders".
 The song was written by Church and Casey Beathard.
"Give Me Back My Hometown" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Eric Church.
 It is the second single from his 2014 studio album "The Outsiders".
A Light in the Dark is the eighth studio album by American heavy metal band Metal Church, released on June 16, 2006 in Germany, June 19 in the rest of Europe, and June 27 in the US.
 This was the third Metal Church album to feature the cruciform Gibson Explorer on a cover, as well as the last to feature Jay Reynolds on guitar.
 It was also the first to feature Jeff Plate on drums.
The Outsiders is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Eric Church.
 It was released on February 11, 2014, via EMI Nashville.
 Like all of his previous albums, it is produced by Jay Joyce.
 It was before the release that Church received media attention for saying "I think genres are dead."
 This comment irked certain news outlets.
Luke Robert Laird (born 1978 in Hartstown, Pennsylvania) is an American country music songwriter and producer.
 His #1 Billboard singles include Carrie Underwood’s "So Small", "Last Name", "Temporary Home", and "Undo It", Blake Shelton’s "Hillbilly Bone" featuring Trace Adkins, Sara Evans’s "A Little Bit Stronger", Rodney Atkins’s "Take a Back Road", Eric Church’s "Drink in My Hand", Little Big Town's "Pontoon", Hunter Hayes' "Somebody's Heartbreak", Chris Young’s "You".
, Eric Church's "Talladega, Luke Bryan's "I See You," and Jon Pardi's "Head Over Boots."
 He has also written and produced songs for Tim McGraw, Rascal Flatts, Kacey Musgraves, Toby Keith, Ne-Yo, John Legend, Jason Aldean, Miranda Lambert, Darius Rucker, and many others.
"Cold One" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Eric Church.
 It is the third single from his fourth studio album, "The Outsiders".
"The Outsiders" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Eric Church.
 It is the title track of his fourth studio album, "The Outsiders", which was released on February 11, 2014.
 The song was written by Church and Casey Beathard.
