The Dave Brockie Experience or DBX was formed of three of the then-current members of Heavy metal band Gwar.
 The band was composed of David "Oderus Urungus" Brockie (vocals/bass), Brad "Jizmak Da Gusha" Roberts (drums), and Mike "Balsac the Jaws of Death" Derks (Guitar).
 DBX was a pet project of Gwar and showed some of their earlier punk roots from the "Death Piggy" era.
 At their shows they played some original DBX songs as well as some tunes from Death Piggy, Gwar, and X-Cops.
 The band enjoyed a following mostly made up of Gwar fans.
 Dave Brockie hinted at the possibility of the band's breakup in the past due to the exhausting nature of lower-budget touring.
 In February 2008, several sources reported that the band would be touring as an opening act for the reunited Green Jellÿ.
 Dave Brockie stated, on his website, that this was not the case and there were no official discussions concerning the tour.
Spoiled Identity EP is an extended play recording released by American crossover thrash band Iron Reagan.
 It was originally released as a free online download and as a 7-inch flexi disc in the June 2014 issue of "Decibel".
 Recorded during the sessions for The Tyranny of Will, its tracks "The Living Skull", a tribute to Dave Brockie, and "Your Kid's an Asshole" were later featured as part of that album.
 Two additional tracks, "U Lock the Bike Cop" and "Glockin' Out" were included as bonus tracks on a 2015 limited edition 12-inch vinyl release.
David Murray Brockie (August 30, 1963 – March 23, 2014), was a Canadian musician, and best known as the lead vocalist of the metal band Gwar, in which he performed as Oderus Urungus.
 He performed as a bassist and lead singer in bands such as Death Piggy, X-Cops, and the Dave Brockie Experience (DBX), and starred in the comedy/horror TV sitcom "Holliston" as Oderus Urungus.
 Brockie died in 2014 of a heroin overdose.
Joey Slutman, also known as Joe Annaruma, was GWAR's second vocalist while Oderus Urungus – Dave Brockie – was the 2nd guitarist.
 Joey Slutman is the vocalist on the first four songs on "Let There Be GWAR".
 Before joining Gwar in 1985, he was guitarist for the Norfolk, VA hardcore punk band JUDICIAL FEAR from 1980–1984.
 As opposed to the early style of Oderus, which featured Brockie singing in his regular (non-Oderus) voice, Joey Slutman had a deep growling voice.
 From 1989 to 1993, he was vocalist and guitarist in the Philadelphia band Throttle, recording one cassette-only release titled "FREAKS" on Knucklehead Records in 1989, and a 7" EP titled "New Freaks on the Block" in 1991, on Heat Blast records.
 Throttle reformed in 2008, playing local Philadelphia shows for charity events, playing their final show in July 2010.
 He is currently playing in the band Man is Doomed in Philadelphia, PA.
Battle Maximus is the thirteenth studio album by Gwar.
 The album was released on September 17, 2013 through Metal Blade Records.
 The album was the first to feature new guitarist Brent Purgason (of Cannabis Corpse), portraying the new character Pustulus Maximus, the first album to feature bassist Jamison Land, portraying longtime character, Beefcake the Mighty and the last to feature vocalist Dave Brockie who portrayed Oderus Urungus due to Brockie's death on March 23, 2014.
Hack Job is an American horror-thriller film directed by James Balsamo and produced by Lloyd Kaufman.
 It stars Dave Brockie, Lloyd Kaufman, & Debbie Rochon.
 Nightmare Sonata provides music for the film.
 It was released on DVD on 2011 with plans for a 2012 theatrical release.
The Drug in Me Is You is the debut studio album by American rock band Falling in Reverse.
 Production for the album took place following lead singer Ronnie Radke's departure from Escape the Fate in 2008.
 Recording took place in December 2010 and lasted until February 2011 at Paint it Black Studios in Orlando, Florida.
 Michael Baskette, who worked with Radke on Escape the Fate's "Dying is Your Latest Fashion", returned as the executive producer for the album, alongside former bandmate Omar Espinosa and others as additional composers and production aids in the studio.
 "The Drug in Me Is You" was released on July 25, 2011, in Europe and Japan, and on July 26, 2011, in the United States.
The Blood of Gods is the upcoming fourteenth album by thrash metal band Gwar, due to be released on October 20, 2017 by Metal Blade Records.
 It is the band's first album without founding member Dave Brockie, who portrayed Oderus Urungus, due to his death from a heroin overdose on March 23, 2014.
 The album is also the first to feature Michael Bishop since 1999's "We Kill Everything", albeit portraying a new character, lead singer Blothar the Berserker, as opposed to his role as the original Beefcake the Mighty.
Dying Is Your Latest Fashion is the debut studio album by American rock band Escape the Fate, released on October 3, 2006 on Epitaph Records.
 The origin of the album's title comes from a line in the chorus of the song "Situations".
 It contains nine new songs plus two songs taken from "There's No Sympathy for the Dead".
 "Not Good Enough for Truth In Cliché" and "Situations" were released as singles, with music videos being made for both.
 It is the only full-length album and second release with original singer and founding member Ronnie Radke.
 Ronnie would later be incarcerated and kicked out of the band.
 He is currently the frontman for Falling in Reverse.
 It is also the last release to feature rhythm guitarist Omar Espinosa and keyboardist Carson Allen (although he was no longer in at the time).
 As of 2014 drummer Robert Ortiz is the only member still with the band as both Monte Money and Max Green had recently left the band in 2013 and 2014 respectively.
 Mandy Murders, who had in the past dated Ronnie Radke, modeled for the cover art.
Live From Ground Zero is Dave Brockie Experience's second album, released in the year 2001.
 It was recorded live at CBGB's club in New York City on October 3, 2001.
 Its title is a reference to the fact that the album was recorded very near Lower Manhattan, under a month after the September 11, 2001 attacks.
