The Battle of Byeokjegwan (or Pyŏkje) (Chinese: 碧蹄館大戰; "Bì tí guǎn dàzhàn") was a battle fought on January 27, 1593 (January 26 according to the Japanese calendar of the time), between the armies of the Ming Dynasty led by Li Rusong, and the Japanese forces under Tachibana Muneshige, Ukita Hideie, and Kobayakawa Takakage.
 As part of the Japanese Invasion of Korea (Imjin War), it was the first field battle fought during the war between the two sides.
Carl Adolf Maximilian Hoffmann (25 January 1869 – 8 July 1927) was a German military strategist.
 As a staff officer at the beginning of World War I, he was Chief of Staff of the 8th Army.
 Hoffmann, along with Hindenburg and Ludendorff, masterminded the devastating defeat of the Russian armies at Tannenberg and the Masurian Lakes.
 He then held the position of Chief of Staff of the Eastern Front.
 At the end of 1917, he negotiated with Russia to sign the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk.
 In 1922, he tried to set up an anti-Soviet coalition without success.
Operation "Michael" was a major German military offensive during the First World War that began the Spring Offensive on 21 March 1918.
 It was launched from the Hindenburg Line, in the vicinity of Saint-Quentin, France.
 Its goal was to break through the Allied (Entente) lines and advance in a north-westerly direction to seize the Channel ports, which supplied the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) and to drive the BEF into the sea.
 Two days later General Ludendorff, the Chief of the German General Staff, changed his plan and pushed for an offensive due west, along the whole of the British front north of the River Somme.
 This was designed to separate the French and British Armies and crush the British forces by pushing them into the sea.
 The offensive ended at Villers-Bretonneux, to the east of the Allied communications centre at Amiens, where the Allies managed to halt the German advance; the German Armies had suffered many casualties and were unable to maintain supplies to the advancing troops.
The Battle of Tara was fought between the Gaelic Irish of Meath, led by Máel Sechnaill mac Domnaill, and the Norse Vikings of Dublin, led by Amlaíb Cuarán.
 It took place near the Hill of Tara in Ireland in the year 980.
 The battle was a devastating defeat for the Vikings and led to the Irish regaining control of Dublin.
The Battle of the Marne (French: Première bataille de la Marne , also known as the Miracle of the Marne, "Le Miracle de la Marne") was a World War I battle fought from 6–10 September 1914.
 It resulted in an Allied victory against the German armies in the west.
 The battle was the culmination of the German advance into France and pursuit of the Allied armies which followed the Battle of the Frontiers in August and had reached the eastern outskirts of Paris.
 A counter-attack by six French armies and the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) along the Marne River forced the Imperial German Army to retreat north-west, leading to the First Battle of the Aisne and the Race to the Sea.
 The battle was a victory for the Allies but led to four years of trench warfare stalemate on the Western Front.
The Battle of Arausio took place on 6 October 105 BC, at a site between the town of Arausio (modern day Orange, Vaucluse) and the Rhône River.
 Ranged against the migratory tribes of the Cimbri under Boiorix and the Teutoni were two Roman armies, commanded by the proconsul Quintus Servilius Caepio and consul Gnaeus Mallius Maximus.
 However, bitter differences between the commanders prevented the Roman armies from cooperating, with devastating results.
 The terrible defeat gave Gaius Marius the opportunity to come to the fore and radically reform the organization and recruitment of Roman legions.
 Roman losses are described as being up to 80,000 troops, as well as another 40,000 auxiliary troops (allies) and servants and camp followers — virtually all of their participants in the battle.
 In numbers of losses, this battle is regarded as the worst defeat in the history of ancient Rome.
The Battle of Anholt (25–27 March 1811) occurred during the Gunboat War, a war between the United Kingdom and Denmark-Norway.
 It was an attempt by the Danes to recapture Anholt, a small Danish island off the coast of Jutland, which the British had captured in 1809.
 The Danish army had a larger fighting force than the British, but a lack of planning and supply failures led to a devastating defeat and many Danish casualties.
 After the battle, the British occupation of Anholt continued until the peace treaty in 1814.
 There is a monument commemorating the battle in Anholt village.
The Battle of Svensksund (Finnish: "Ruotsinsalmi", Russian: "Rochensalm") was a naval battle fought in the Gulf of Finland outside the present day city of Kotka on 9 and 10 July 1790.
 The Swedish naval forces dealt the Russian fleet a devastating defeat that resulted in an end to the Russo-Swedish War of 1788–90.
 The battle is the biggest Swedish naval victory and the largest naval battle ever in the Baltic Sea.
The Battle of Tannenberg was fought between Russia and Germany from 26–30 August 1914, during the first month of World War I.
 The battle resulted in the almost complete destruction of the Russian Second Army and the suicide of its commanding general, Alexander Samsonov.
 A series of follow-up battles (First Masurian Lakes) destroyed most of the First Army as well and kept the Russians off balance until the spring of 1915.
 The battle is particularly notable for fast rail movements by the Germans, enabling them to concentrate against each of the two Russian armies in turn, and also for the failure of the Russians to encode their radio messages.
 It brought considerable prestige to Field Marshal Paul von Hindenburg and his rising staff-officer Erich Ludendorff.
In 1918, the German Army in the east was the most powerful force in the region.
 Even more importantly, it was not only undefeated, it was victorious (in contrast to the German Army on the western front).
 However the commander of the German forces in the east, Max Hoffmann, a chief negotiator in the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, was facing increasing difficulties.
 He believed, rightly, that his army was the only stabilising influence over the Eastern Europe.
 Yet with the disintegration of Austria-Hungary, rise of Bolsheviks in the east and various independent governments between the former frontline and Germany, the former "Oberkommando-Ostfront" (or "Ober-Ost") occupation zone became a thin line to nowhere, connected only to still-German Prussia.
 The deteriorating situation in Germany, facing the threat of civil war, eventually forced Hoffman to begin to retreat westwards, to Germany, in December 1918.
 Demoralized officers and mutinous soldiers abandoned their garrisons "en masse" and returned home.
 Only a limited number of units still retained any combat strength.
