Gabi Hernandez is a fictional character from the American soap opera, "Days of Our Lives".
 The role was introduced by the show's then head writers Dena Higley and Christopher Whitesell on November 20, 2009.
 The role was initially portrayed by Gabriela Rodriguez, however, several months later producers made the decision to age Gabi.
 In July 2010, it was announced that Rodriguez was replaced by Camila Banus.
 Banus first aired on October 4, 2010.
Diego Salvador Martinez Hernandez De La Cruz is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, "Hollyoaks", played by Juan Pablo Yepez.
 The character made his first on-screen appearance on 16 November 2015.
 Diego was introduced as a new love interest of established character Myra McQueen (Nicole Barber-Lane) following a chance meeting in Alicante, Spain.
 Yepez auditioned for the role then met with Barber-Lane and after a successful screen test was offered the part.
 It was his first regular British television role after moving to the country from Venezuela.
 The character's first scenes proved controversial due to his ownership of a Confederate flag at a time it was deemed socially unacceptable.
 Diego is also a Venezuelan national and he is characterised as a romantic person, with honest values and a fresh outlook on life.
 He also has a cheeky and charming personality.
Amanda Dillon is a fictional character from the American daytime "All My Children".
 She is the daughter of police officer/detective Trevor Dillon and longtime series villain Janet Marlowe aka "Janet from Another Planet"; however, Amanda was thought to be the child of her aunt Natalie Marlowe, who later adopted her.
 Alexis Manta portrayed the character as a child from 1996–2000, and Chrishell Stause has portrayed the character as an adult from 2005 till the end of the series in 2011.
Arianna Hernandez is a fictional character from the American NBC soap opera "Days of Our Lives", played by Lindsay Hartley.
 Arianna made her first appearance on April 15, 2009.
 In July 2009, it was announced that original actress Felisha Terrell had been axed from the soap and would be replaced by Lindsay Hartley.
 Hartley made her first on-screen appearance on August 28, 2009.
 In July 2010, it was announced that Hartley would be departing "Days of our Lives" and Arianna made her final appearance on November 8, 2010.
Galen Laius Gering (born February 13, 1971) is an American actor most known for his portrayal of characters on daytime soap operas.
 He plays the role of Rafe Hernandez on the long-running NBC soap opera "Days of Our Lives."
 Prior to his current role, he acted on the NBC daytime soap opera "Passions."
Raphael "Rafe" Joseph Rivera is a fictional character on CBS's daytime drama "Guiding Light".
 He was portrayed by E.J. Bonilla from May 18, 2007 until the show's conclusion.
Jordan Ridgeway is a fictional character on the NBC daytime soap opera "Days of Our Lives".
 The character is portrayed by former "All My Children" actress Chrishell Stause.
 She made her on-screen debut on August 15, 2013 and departed the series on March 9, 2015.
Rafe Hernandez is a fictional character on "Days of Our Lives", an American soap opera on the NBC network.
 Portrayed by Galen Gering and created by Dena Higley, Rafe is introduced in 2008 as the FBI agent assigned to protect the troublesome Sami Brady (Alison Sweeney) during her stay in witness protection.
 Sami and Rafe's contentious dynamic later develops into romance and the two fall in love and eventually marry.
 However, their romance is plagued by Sami's supercouple romance with Salem's resident badboy, EJ DiMera (James Scott).
 Rafe's disdain for the DiMera family grows when he discovers that EJ is behind the kidnapping and presumed death of Sami's daughter Sydney and EJ's father Stefano (Joseph Mascolo) replaces Rafe with a doppelganger.
 The series also introduces Rafe's younger sisters, Arianna (Lindsay Hartley) and Gabi (Camila Banus) and later his younger brother Dario (Jordi Vilasuso).
 Rafe is very protective of his siblings having helped raise them when their father abandoned the family.
 Rafe also has an affair with Kate Roberts (Lauren Koslow) putting him at odds with Stefano, Kate's ex-husband.
 He later falls in love with physical therapist Jordan Ridgeway (Chrishell Stause) whom he tries to help overcome her own dark past.
 In 2015, Rafe is forced to confront his past when his estranged father Eduardo (A Martinez) resurfaces.
 Rafe later falls in love with his longtime colleague Hope Brady (Kristian Alfonso) and supports her when she loses her true love to a brain tumor.
 When a grief-stricken Hope murders Stefano, Rafe helps her cover it up.
Terrina Chrishell Stause ( , born July 21, 1981), professionally known as Chrishell Stause, is an American actress.
 She is known for her television roles as Amanda Dillon on "All My Children" and Jordan Ridgeway on "Days of Our Lives".
Eli Grant is a fictional character from the long-running NBC daytime soap opera "Days of Our Lives".
 Created by head writers Dena Higley and Ryan Quan, the role was originated by actor Lamon Archey in 2017.
 Eli is introduced as the previously unknown son of Valerie Grant (Vanessa A. Williams) fathered by the late David Banning.
 Through his father, Eli is a member of the Horton family, the central family within the series.
 Eli is embraced by the family, particularly his grandmother Julie Olson Williams (Susan Seaforth Hayes) which puts a strain on his brief romance with Gabi Hernandez (Camila Banus).
