Hispanic Admirals in the United States Navy can trace their tradition of naval military service to the Hispanic sailors, who have served in the Navy during every war and conflict since the American Revolution.
 Prior to the Civil War, the highest rank reached by a Hispanic-American in the U.S. Navy was Commodore.
 Such was the case of Commodore Uriah Phillips Levy (1792–1862), a Sephardic Jew of Hispanic descent and great grandson of Dr. Samuel Nunez, who served in the War of 1812.
 During the American Civil War, the government of the United States recognized that the rapid expanding Navy was in need of admirals therefore, Congress proceeded to authorize the appointment of nine officers the rank of rear admiral.
 On July 16, 1862, Flag Officer David Glasgow Farragut became the first Hispanic-American to be appointed to the rank of rear admiral.
 Two years later (1864), Farragut became a vice admiral, and in 1866 the Navy's first full admiral.
 During World War I, Robert Lopez, the first Hispanic graduate of the United States Naval Academy, served with the rank of commodore in command of the Mare Island Naval Shipyard, and during World War II five Hispanics served with the ranks of rear admiral or above in either the European or Pacific Theater's of the war.
 As of April 2007, twenty-two Hispanic-Americans have reached the rank of admiral, and of this number thirteen were graduates of the USNA.
Robert Frederick "Bob" Willard (born December 5, 1950) is a retired United States Navy admiral who last served as the 22nd Commander, U.S. Pacific Command from October 19, 2009 to March 9, 2012.
 He previously served as Commander, U.S. Pacific Fleet from May 8, 2007 to September 25, 2009.
 Prior to that, he served as the 34th Vice Chief of Naval Operations from March 18, 2005 to April 2007.
 On March 9, 2012, Admiral Willard retired from the Navy after 39 years of service.
 On May 9, 2012, he was elected president and chief executive officer of the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations, succeeding retired Navy admiral James O. Ellis, Jr.
Frank Friday Fletcher (November 23, 1855 – November 28, 1928) was a United States Navy admiral who served in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 He was awarded the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions as commander of Navy forces at the Battle of Veracruz, Mexico.
 The "Fletcher"-class destroyer , the most produced class of United States Navy destroyers, was named after him.
 He was also the uncle of Frank Jack Fletcher, another U.S. Navy Admiral who also received the Medal of Honor for actions at Veracruz.
Luke McNamee (April 4, 1871 – December 30, 1952) was a United States Navy Admiral, businessman, and the 10th and 12th Naval Governor of Guam.
 He served in the Navy for 42 years, during which time he held multiple commands.
 During the Spanish–American War, he earned the Navy Cross, and later the Legion of Honour.
 Earlier on his career, he served as governor, and expanded funding for fighting the infectious diseases running through the native population.
 He represented the U.S. Navy as a delegate to the Paris Peace Conference in 1919.
 He later became Director of the Office of Naval Intelligence.
 He was promoted to full admiral after being placed in charge of the Battle Fleet.
 After this command, he served as President of the Naval War College before retiring in 1934.
 After leaving the Navy, he became President and Chairman of the Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, where he aggressively expanded telegraph and radio service overseas.
Luis de Florez (March 4, 1889 − November, 1962) was a naval aviator and a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy that was actively involved in experimental aerospace development projects for the United States Government.
 As both an active duty and a retired U.S. Navy admiral, de Florez was influential in the development of early flight simulators, and was a pioneer in the use of "virtual reality" to simulate flight and combat situations in World War II.
Rear Admiral Patricio Montojo y Pasarón (September 7, 1839 – September 30, 1917) was a career Spanish naval officer who commanded the restored Kingdom of Spain's Pacific Squadron based in the Philippines during the Spanish–American War.
 Considered to have been a man of high ability and experience, he was given what was regarded as an impossible task of defending the Spanish Philippines with antiquated ships and low supplies against the more formidable U.S. Asiatic Squadron.
 Montojo became known for his defeat at the Battle of Manila Bay (1 May 1898) by U.S. Navy Admiral George Dewey, being a decisive naval battle of the war.
 After the conflict, the rear admiral was held accountable for the defeat and was court-martialed, but that was later overturned, though Montojo was still discharged from the Spanish Navy.
David Dixon Porter (June 8, 1813 – February 13, 1891) was a United States Navy admiral and a member of one of the most distinguished families in the history of the U.S. Navy.
 Promoted as the second U.S. Navy officer ever to attain the rank of admiral, after his adoptive brother David G. Farragut, Porter helped improve the Navy as the Superintendent of the U.S. Naval Academy after significant service in the American Civil War.
Dennis Cutler Blair (born February 4, 1947) is the former United States Director of National Intelligence and is a retired United States Navy admiral who was the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific region.
 Blair was a career officer in the U.S. Navy and served in the White House during the presidencies of both President Jimmy Carter and President Ronald Reagan.
 Blair retired from the Navy in 2002 as an Admiral.
 In 2009, Blair was selected as President Barack Obama’s first Director of National Intelligence, but after a series of bureaucratic battles, he resigned on May 20, 2010.
The Rear-Admiral of the United Kingdom is a now honorary office generally held by a senior (possibly retired) Royal Navy admiral.
 Despite the title, the Rear-Admiral of the United Kingdom is usually a full admiral.
 He is the deputy to the Vice-Admiral of the United Kingdom, who is in turn deputy to the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom (an office that was vested from 1964–2011 to the Sovereign and is currently held by HRH The Duke of Edinburgh).
Fleet admiral (abbreviated FADM), officially known as "Fleet Admiral of the United States Navy", is a five-star flag officer rank in the United States Navy.
 Fleet admiral ranks immediately above admiral and is equivalent to General of the Army and General of the Air Force.
 Although it is a current and authorized rank, no U.S. Navy officer presently holds it, with the last living U.S. Navy fleet admiral being Chester W. Nimitz, who died in 1966.
