Lincoln City Football Club, an English association football club based in Lincoln, Lincolnshire, was founded in 1884.
 The club's first team won the major regional trophy, the Lincolnshire Senior Cup, in the 1886–87 season, and reached the last 16 of the FA Cup in the same year.
 In 1888, the club joined the Combination, a league set up to provide organised football for those clubs not invited to join the Football League which was to start the same year.
 However, the Combination was not well organised and folded in April 1889 with many fixtures still outstanding.
 Lincoln then became founder members of the Midland League, and won the inaugural league title.
 After two seasons the club turned professional and joined the Football Alliance; the following year they were elected to the newly formed Second Division of the Football League.
 Their highest finishing positionfifth in the Second Divisionwas achieved in the 1901–02 season, and in the same season they reached the last 16 of the FA Cup for the third time.
 Lincoln failed to gain re-election to the League three times between 1909 and 1920; on each occasion, they won the championship of the league to which they had been demoted, either the Midland League or, in 1912, the Central League, and made an immediate return to the Football League.
Under the stewardship of Joseph Wostinholm, United continued to recruit more experienced players.
 Bob Cain was signed from Bootle and Harry Hammond arrived from Everton, both players cementing their place in United's first team for several years to come.
 Most significant however was the emergence of a young Ernest Needham who made his United debut in the early part of the season and would go on to be one of the club's greatest ever players and ultimately captain England.
 The season did see the first United players to gain international caps with both Harry Lilley and Michael Whitham appearing for England on 5 March, (although in different matches as England played two different games concurrently on that day.)
Verwood Town Football Club are a football club based in Verwood, Dorset, England.
 The club is affiliated to the Dorset County Football Association and is a FA chartered Standard club.
 They play in the Wessex League Division One .
 Long term manager Adie Arnold resigned from his post in March 2014, ending an 8 ⁄ -year association with the club.
 The new manager was Alan Lay formerly manager of Swanage Town and Herston FC.
 He recently stepped down from his duties for only it to re-open the door to Adie Arnold to come back and manage the club once again.
Michael Hibberd (born 3 January 1990) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 A defender, 1.86 m tall and weighing 90 kg , Hibberd plays primarily on the half-back flank.
 After spending the 2008 season with the Dandenong Stingrays in the TAC Cup, he missed out on selection in the 2008 AFL draft, which saw him spend two seasons in the Victorian Football League (VFL) with the Frankston Football Club.
 After winning Frankston's best and fairest and the Fothergill-Round Medal as the VFL's most promising young player in 2010, he was recruited by the Essendon Football Club with the fourth selection in the 2011 pre-season draft.
 He made his debut during the 2011 season and in the same year he was forced to miss the second half of the year after a club-imposed suspension due to an assault charge.
 His next four years at the club saw him rewarded with the club rising star award and three top-ten finishes in the best and fairest count.
 After being suspended for the entire 2016 season due to his involvement in the Essendon supplements saga, he was traded to the Melbourne Football Club during the 2016 trade period.
Lincoln City Football Club, an English association football club based in Lincoln, Lincolnshire, was founded in 1884, and first entered the FA Cup in the 1884–85 season.
 When nationally organised league football in England began, the club joined the Combination, a league set up to provide organised football for those clubs not invited to join the Football League which was to start the same year.
 When that league folded, Lincoln became founder members of the Midland League, and won the inaugural league title.
 They then spent a year in the Football Alliance before being elected to the newly formed Second Division of the Football League.
 Lincoln moved in and out of the Football League until they became founder members of the Football League Third Division North in 1921.
 They remained in the Football League until 1987, when they became the first club to suffer automatic relegation to the Football Conference.
 They returned to the League after just one season, remained at that level until they were again relegated in 2011, and returned once more in 2017.
Boston United Football Club is an English football club based in Boston, Lincolnshire.
 The club participates in the National League North, the sixth tier of English football.
 The club is known as 'the Pilgrims' in reference to the Pilgrim Fathers, who left England and sailed to North America and founded Boston, Massachusetts.
 The club's crest, the pilgrim fathers' ship 'The Mayflower', is also a reference to them.
 The club's traditional colours are amber and black.
 Boston's neighbours include Lincoln City, Scunthorpe United and Grimsby Town.
 The club is one of only 12 in the country to run a Centre of Excellence, provides a Study Support Centre and is also the basis of the 'Boston United Football in the Community Scheme'.
Michael Whitham (6 November 1867 – 6 May 1924) was an English international footballer, who played as a right back.
 Born in Ecclesfield, Sheffield he played for both The Wednesday and Sheffield United where he spent seven years.
 Whitham gained one cap for England and went on to become a trainer at a number of clubs following his retirement from playing as well as a brief spell as manager of Gainsborough Trinity.
Gainsborough Trinity Football Club is a football club based in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, England.
 Established in 1873, the club became members of the Football League in 1893 and remained members of the Second Division until 1912, making Gainsborough one of the smallest towns in England to have had a Football League team.
 They are currently members of the National League North, the sixth tier of English football, and play at the Northolme.
Mustapha "Mus" Khedali (born April 19, 1934 in Alger, Algeria-died August 13, 2008) was an Algerian football player and manager.
 He spent his entire playing career with FC Gueugnon and went on to briefly manage "US Marcigny" after his playing career before returning to FC Gueugnon as a club official.
 He played most of his career as a forward before converting to a central back in his final years.
Blackheath Football Club is a rugby union club based in Eltham in south-east London, now playing National 1 league rugby at Well Hall, having moved from the famous Rectory Field in Blackheath at the end of the 2015-16 season.
 The club was founded in 1858 and is the oldest open rugby club in the world since becoming open in 1862.
 "Open" in this context means that membership was open to anyone, not merely those attending, or old boys from, a particular institution (e.g. a school, university or hospital).
 It is also the third-oldest rugby club in continuous existence in the world, after Dublin University Football Club and Edinburgh Academical Football Club.
 The Blackheath club also helped organise the world's first rugby international (between England and Scotland in Edinburgh on 27 March 1871) and hosted the first international between England and Wales ten years later – the players meeting and getting changed at the Princess of Wales public house.
 Blackheath, along with Civil Service FC, is one of the two clubs that can claim to be a founder member of both The Football Association and the Rugby Football Union.
 The club currently play in National League 1 the third tier of the English rugby union system.
