"Home and Away" is an Australian soap opera.
 It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988.
 The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away" in 2006, by order of first appearance.
 They were all introduced by the show's series producer Julie McGuaran.
 The 19th season of "Home and Away" began airing on the Seven Network on 16 January 2006 and concluded on 1 December 2006.
 The first introduction of year was Amy Mathews as Rachel Armstrong in the year's premiere.
 Jessica Tovey joined the cast as Belle Taylor in February.
 Sam North began portraying Dom Moran in April.
 Rodger Corser began playing Doctor Hugh Sullivan and Trent Baines arrived as Macca MacKenzie in the same month.
 In July, Bobby Morley and Chris Sadrinna arrived as Drew Curtis and Rachel’s brother Brad, respectively.
 In October Jessica Chapnik joined the cast as Sam Tolhurst and her son Rory joined her, and the same month the Cooper brothers Rocco, played by Ian Meadows and Johnny, played by Callan Mulvey were introduced.
Evelyn "Evie" MacGuire is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", played by Philippa Northeast.
 The actress was cast in the role after a successful audition and a callback, in which she was paired with various actors to find the right one to play Evelyn's brother.
 Northeast had to relocate from her home town of Melbourne to Sydney for filming.
 She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 3 September 2013.
 Northeast left "Home and Away" in 2016, and her character made her departure on 24 May 2017.
Donald "Don" Fisher is a fictional character in the Australian television soap opera "Home and Away" played by actor Norman Coburn as a regular character, from the soap's inception in 1988 to 2003.
 He acts as the main antagonist in the show's pilot episode, willing to go to any lengths to ensure local teen Bobby Simpson is locked up, however his character soon softens.
 He spends almost his entire tenure on the show as the Principal of Summer Bay (at which he is given his iconic nickname "Flathead"), where he is stern but fair to all the students.
 Although departing as a main character in 2003, Coburn has since returned for brief appearances in 2004, 2005 and 2007.
 Coburn's long-running portrayal of Fisher earned him a place in the 2002 Guinness World Records alongside castmates Ray Meagher and Kate Ritchie.
 as the longest serving cast member of an Australian soap opera.
Matthew James "Matt" Turner is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Josef Brown.
 The actor was cast shortly after he completed a guest stint on rival soap opera "Home and Away".
 Brown relocated to Melbourne for filming and he shot his first scenes as Matt in October 2012.
 The character was created and introduced to "Neighbours" along with his family, as part of a major overhaul of the show's cast.
 He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 7 February 2013.
 Brown departed "Neighbours" on 25 March 2015, following Matt's death.
 Brown reprised the role for one episode on 9 August 2016.
Katarina "Kat" Chapman is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", played by Pia Miller.
 The actress joined the cast in July 2014 following a successful audition.
 She began filming during the following month, and initially commuted from her home in Melbourne to the set in Sydney.
 "Home and Away" marked Miller's first major acting role.
 She made her first appearance during the episode broadcast on 5 February 2015.
 The actress was drawn to the part after reading that her character was a strong and resilient policewoman, who was not sexualised in any way.
 Miller wanted viewers to focus on Kat and not her appearance.
 The actress filmed her final scenes with the show in August 2017.
Benedict Wall (born 17 June) is a New Zealand film, theatre and television actor.
 From 2011, Wall played Owen Sutherland in the New Zealand soap opera "Shortland Street".
 He has also appeared in "Outrageous Fortune", "", "Breaker Morant: The Retrial" and "Pirates of the Airwaves".
 Wall co-wrote and directed the short film "Best Mates".
 In 2016, he took over the role of Duncan Stewart in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away".
 He also appeared in the Network Ten miniseries "Brock".
Joshua "Josh" Barrett is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", played by Jackson Gallagher.
 The actor was initially hesitant about auditioning for the role, as he believed he was too old to portray a 16-year-old.
 However, three days after attending the audition, he learnt he was successful.
 Gallagher relocated to Sydney for filming.
 His character was introduced along with his on-screen brother Andy Barrett (Tai Hara) through a series of online webisodes titled "Home and Away Extras".
 He then made his debut appearance in "Home and Away" during the episode broadcast on 27 August 2013.
 Gallagher's departure from "Home and Away" was announced in May 2016, and Josh's last scenes aired on 5 July 2016.
Home and Away: Revenge is a television film and spin-off of the Australian soap opera "Home and Away".
 It was co-written by Dan Bennett and Brooke Wilson, and directed by Arnie Custo.
 "Revenge" premiered on 19 December 2016 on Foxtel on Demand, Foxtel Play and Presto, shortly after the season finale of "Home and Away" aired on Seven Network.
 It was commissioned along with "Home and Away: All or Nothing" following the success of the 2015 telefilm "", which broke Presto streaming records.
 "Revenge" serves as a sequel to "An Eye for an Eye" and also features current and returning "Home and Away" cast members.
Melissa Suzanne George (born 6 August 1976) is an Australian-American actress.
 A former national rollerskating champion and model in Australia, George began her acting career playing Angel Parrish on the Australian soap opera "Home and Away" from 1993 to 1996.
 After moving to the United States, George made her film debut in the neo-noir science fiction feature "Dark City" (1998) and later appeared in supporting roles in Steven Soderbergh's crime film "The Limey" (1999) and David Lynch's "Mulholland Drive" (2001).
Thomas Oliver (born 12 June 1938, Chandler's Ford, Hampshire, South East England) is an English Australian television, film and theatre actor best known today for playing the long-running role of lovable rogue Lou Carpenter in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours".
 He is the second-longest serving television cast member of an Australian soap opera, behind "Home and Away" actor Ray Meagher
