In the United States politics, party switching is any change in party affiliation of a partisan public figure, usually one who is currently holding elected office.
 Use of the term "party switch" can also connote a transfer of held power in an elected governmental body from one party to another.
The Party of Communists in Hungary (Hungarian: "Kommunisták Magyarországi Pártja" ), renamed Hungarian Communist Party ("Magyar Kommunista Párt" ) in October 1944, was founded on November 24, 1918, and was in power in Hungary briefly from March to August 1919 under Béla Kun and the Hungarian Soviet Republic.
 The communist government was overthrown by the Romanian Army and driven underground.
 The party regained power following World War II and held power from 1945 under the leadership of Mátyás Rákosi.
 In 1948 the party merged with the Social Democrats to become the Hungarian Working People's Party.
 The Communist Party of Hungary was a member of the Communist International.
Federal elections for the House of Representatives were held in Australia on 2 December 1972, and were won by the Australian Labor Party led by Gough Whitlam.
 Labor won 67 of the 125 seats contested and defeated the Liberal Party led by Prime Minister William McMahon and Coalition partner the Country Party led by Doug Anthony.
 The elections ended 23 years of successive Coalition governments which held power since 1949.
General elections were held in Sweden on 19 September 1982.
 They saw the return of the Swedish Social Democratic Party to power after six years in opposition, the longest period in opposition by the Social Democrats since the 1910s.
 The center-right coalition of Thorbjörn Fälldin had earlier suffered a loss upon the breakup of the government in 1981, the year before the election, when the rightist Moderate Party chose to withdraw from the government, protesting against the centrist tax policies of the Fälldin government.
 After regaining power, socialist leader Olof Palme succeeded in being elected Prime Minister again, having earlier held power between 1969 and 1976.
 He would retain this position successfully until his assassination in 1986.
Tefik Selim Mborja (1888-1954) was an Albanian politician and lawyer.
 He served as the general secretary of the Albanian Fascist Party during the Second World War.
The United Bermuda Party (UBP) was a political party in Bermuda.
 It represented itself as centrist party in favour of a moderate social and fiscal agenda.
 Having held power in Bermuda's House of Assembly continuously from 1968 to 1998, the 47-year-old party officially ceased operations on 30 June 2011 after the majority of its members joined the One Bermuda Alliance.
The fourth legislative assembly election of Madras State (later renamed as Tamil Nadu) was held in February 1967.
 The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) led coalition under the leadership of C.N. Annadurai won the election defeating the Indian National Congress (Congress).
 Anti-Hindi agitations, the rising prices of essential commodities and a shortage of rice were the dominant issues.
 K. Kamaraj's resignation as the Chief Minister in 1963, to concentrate on party affairs, along with persistent rumours of corruption had weakened the incumbent Congress Government.
 This was the second time after Communist Party of India winning Kerala assembly elections in 1957, for a non-Congress party to gain majority in a state in India, and the last time that Congress held power in Tamil Nadu.
 It was the first time a party or pre-election alliance was formed a nob-Congress government with absolute majority.
 It marked the beginning of Dravidian dominance in the politics of Tamil Nadu.
 Annadurai, who became the first non-Congress chief minister of post-independence Tamil Nadu, died in office in 1969 and V.R. Nedunchezhiyan took over as acting chief minister.
The Confederation of Mexican Workers (Spanish: "Confederación de Trabajadores de México (CTM)" ) is the largest confederation of labor unions in Mexico.
 For many years, it was one of the essential pillars of the Partido Revolucionario Institucional (the Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI), which ruled Mexico for more than seventy years.
 However, the CTM began to lose influence within the PRI structure in the late 1980s, as technocrats increasingly held power within the party.
 Eventually, the union found itself forced to deal with a new party in power after the PRI lost the 2000 general election, an event that drastically reduced the CTM's influence in Mexican politics.
Bal'arab bin Himyar (died 1749) was one of the rival Imams during the civil wars in Oman in the final years of the Yaruba dynasty.
 He was elected Imam in 1728, holding power in the interior of Oman while his cousin, Saif bin Sultan II, held power on the coast.
 In 1737 he renounced his claim after being defeated by Saif's Persian allies.
 He was again elected Imam in 1743 during another Persian invasion, and again held power in the interior while Ahmad bin Said al-Busaidi was recognized as ruler by the coastal people.
 He died in battle against Ahmad bin Said in 1749.
 Ahmad became the undisputed ruler of the country.
Albania ( , ; Albanian: "Shqipëri/Shqipëria" ; Gheg Albanian: "Shqipni/Shqipnia, Shqypni/Shqypnia" ), officially the People's Socialist Republic of Albania (), was a socialist state that ruled Albania from 1946 to its fall in 1992.
 From 1946 to 1976 it was known as the People's Republic of Albania, and from 1944 to 1946 as the Democratic Government of Albania.
 Throughout this period the country had a reputation for its Stalinist style of state administration dominated by Enver Hoxha and the Party of Labour of Albania and for policies stressing national unity and self-reliance.
 Travel and visa restrictions made Albania one of the most difficult countries to visit or to travel from.
 In 1967, it declared itself the world's first atheist state.
 It was the only Warsaw Pact member to formally withdraw from the alliance before 1990, an action occasioned by the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968.
 The first multi-party elections in Socialist Albania took place on 31 March 1991 – the communists gained a majority in an interim government and the first parliamentary elections were held on 22 March 1992.
 The People's Socialist Republic was officially dissolved on 28 November 1998 upon the adoption of the new Constitution of Albania.
