The Colorado Buffaloes football program represents the University of Colorado Boulder in college football at the NCAA Division I FBS level.
 The team is currently a member of the Pac-12 Conference, having previously been a charter member of the Big 12 Conference.
 Before joining the Big 12, they were members of the Big Eight Conference.
 The CU football team has played at Folsom Field since 1924.
 The Buffs all-time record is 694–493–36 (.583 winning percentage) prior to the Valero Alamo Bowl at the end of the 2016 season.
 Colorado won a National Championship in 1990.
 The football program is 23rd on the all-time win list and 30th in all-time winning percentage.
 The football team also has the distinction of being the all-time NCAA leader in 4th down conversions .
 They are one of two NCAA Division I teams to complete a 5th down conversion (the other being Cornell).
 This was a result of a mistake by the officials and happened on a play displayed by chaincrew as the 4th down.
The Baylor Bears football program is a college football team that represents Baylor University in the Big 12 Conference in the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
 The team has had 25 head coaches since it started playing organized football in 1899.
 Baylor was a charter member of the Southwest Conference (SWC), joining in 1915.
 They later became a charter member of the Big 12 in 1996 when the SWC disbanded.
 After playing without a nickname for 15 years, the school chose "Bears" as the team nickname in 1914.
 There were three seasons where Baylor did not field a team.
 In 1906, the university banned football due to the violent nature of the sport.
 However, student protests persuaded school officials to reinstate it the next year.
 In 1943 and 1944, the school cancelled the football program due to World War II.
 The Bears have played in 1,099 games during their 108 seasons.
 In those seasons, seven coaches have led Baylor to postseason bowl games: Bob Woodruff, George Sauer, Sam Boyd, John D. Bridgers, Grant Teaff, Chuck Reedy, and Art Briles.
 Five coaches have won conference championships with the Bears: Charles P. Mosley, Frank Bridges, Teaff, Reedy and Briles.
Taylor McNamara (born August 12, 1994) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent.
 He played college football at Oklahoma and USC.
The USC Trojans football program, established in 1888, represents the University of Southern California in college football.
 USC is a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I FBS and the Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12).
 The Trojans throughout NCAA history have claimed 11 national championships.
 As of 2017, 503 Trojans have been taken in the National Football League draft, more than from any other university; the Trojans also have had more players drafted in the first round than any other university, with 80 as of the 2017 draft.
 USC has the second most Pro Football Hall of Famers with 12.
 With a record of 34–17, USC has the highest all-time post-season winning percentage of schools with 25 or more bowl appearances.
 The team is coached by Clay Helton.
The South Carolina State Bulldogs football team represents South Carolina State University in college football.
 The Bulldogs play in NCAA Division I Football Championship as a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC).
 A historically dominant football program, the Bulldogs lead the MEAC in conference championships.
 The school has produced three players enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame including Harry Carson, Deacon Jones, and Marion Motley.
 Other legendary Bulldog players include Robert Porcher and Donnie Shell.
 Legendary former SC State Coach Willie Jeffries became the first African American Head Coach of a predominantly white Division 1-A football program, when he was hired to coach the Wichita State football program in 1979.
 Jeffries is enshrined in the College Football Hall of Fame.
The Utah Utes football program is a college football team that currently competes in the Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12) of the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of NCAA Division I and represents the University of Utah.
 The Utah college football program began in 1892 and has played home games at the current site of Rice-Eccles Stadium since 1927.
 They have won twenty-four conference championships in five conferences during their history, and, as of the end of the 2016 season, they have a cumulative record of 661 wins, 453 losses, and 31 ties.
The 1914 USC Trojans football team represented the University of Southern California (USC) in the 1914 college football season.
 In their first year under head coach Ralph Glaze, and following a three-year hiatus in the football program, the Trojans compiled a 4-3 record and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 116 to 88.
 The season featured USC's first game outside of California and second game against future members of the Pacific Coast Conference and eventually the Pac-12 Conference (USC had played Stanford in 1905).
 In that game, played on November 26, 1914, USC lost to Oregon Agricultural (later Oregon State) by a 38 to 6 score.
The Carroll Fighting Saint football program represents Carroll College of Helena, Montana in college football.
 The team competes in the Frontier Conference, which is affiliated with the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA).
 The Carroll Fighting Saints football team began playing in 1920 and is one of the most successful programs in the NAIA division of college football.
 The program has won six NAIA Football National Championships (2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2010) and 40 conference championships, 14 while a member of the Montana Collegiate Conference and 26 as a member of the Frontier Conference.
 The team is currently coached by Mike Van Diest who in his 17th season at Carroll, has compiled a career record of 194– 36.
 His winning percentage of .8145 is the third highest of any head coach with at least ten seasons of experience in college football history, behind only those of Mount Union's Larry Kehres and Notre Dame's Knute Rockne.
 The Carroll College Fighting Saints plays their home games on campus at Nelson Stadium.
Francis Michael "Whitey" Wistert (February 20, 1912 – April 23, 1985) was an American football and baseball player.
 He played college football and college baseball at the University of Michigan.
 Wistert was the first of the three Wistert brothers—he was succeeded by Albert (Al) and Alvin—who were named All-American tackles at Michigan and later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
 He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1967.
 During his time at Michigan, Wistert played on three consecutive Big Ten Conference football championships teams, including two that won back-to-back national championships.
 He was also Big Ten Conference MVP in baseball in college and later played for Major League Baseball's Cincinnati Reds.
 The Wistert brothers all wore jersey No. 11 at Michigan and are among the seven players who have had their numbers retired by the Michigan Wolverines football program.
 Their number will be put back into circulation starting on November 10, 2012 before a Michigan home game against Northwestern as part of the Michigan Football Legend program.
The North Dakota State Bison football program represents North Dakota State University in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision level and competes in the Missouri Valley Football Conference.
 The Bison play in the 19,000 seat Fargodome located in Fargo, ND.
 The Bison have won 13 National Championships and 33 Conference Championships and won five-consecutive NCAA Division I-FCS National Championships between 2011 and 2015.
 NDSU is the only college football program to ever win five consecutive NCAA national championships.
 In regards to overall record, post-season play, and titles won over the past 5 years; the NDSU Bison Football program is known as one of the greatest dynasties in college football history.
