"Harvey Beaks" is an American animated television series created by C. H. Greenblatt for Nickelodeon that first aired on March 28, 2015.
Chowder is an American animated television series created by C. H. Greenblatt for Cartoon Network.
 The series follows an aspiring young child named Chowder and his day-to-day adventures as an apprentice in Chef Mung Daal's catering company.
 Although he means well, Chowder often finds himself in predicaments due to his perpetual appetite and his nature as a scatterbrain.
 It is animated with both traditional animation as well as short stop motion and puppet sequences that are inter-cut into the episodes, and that run over the end credits.
 Stop motion sequences are produced by Screen Novelties.
 It is also the first Cartoon Network original series to premiere during Stuart Snyder's tenure as Jim Samples had resigned months before the series premiere.
The tenth season of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 22, 2006.
 The tenth season concluded after 14 episodes on November 15, 2006.
 This is the first season in which Kenny does not die and the last season featuring Isaac Hayes (the voice of Chef) as Hayes quit the show following the backlash behind season nine's "Trapped in the Closet" episode.
 This season also had a minor controversy when the Halloween episode "Hell on Earth 2006" depicted "The Crocodile Hunter's" Steve Irwin with a stingray lodged in his chest getting thrown out of Satan's Halloween party for not being in costume.
 Episode 2 in this season is the last one with the Braniff Airlines logo.
 All the episodes in this season were written and directed by Trey Parker.
"Band Geeks" is the second part of the 15th episode of the second season, and the second half of the 35th episode overall, of the American animated television program "SpongeBob SquarePants".
 It originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on September 7, 2001.
 It was written by C. H. Greenblatt, Aaron Springer, and Merriwether Williams, and the animation was directed by Frank Weiss.
 Springer served as storyboard director, and Greenblatt served as storyboard artist.
 The song "Sweet Victory" by David Glen Eisley was featured in the episode and was later released on the album "" in 2005.
"SpongeBob SquarePants" is an American animated television series created by marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg for Nickelodeon.
 The series is set in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom, and centers on the adventures and endeavors of SpongeBob SquarePants, an over-optimistic sea sponge that annoys other characters.
 Many of the ideas for the show originated in an unpublished, educational comic book titled "The Intertidal Zone", which Hillenburg created in the mid-1980s.
 He began developing "SpongeBob SquarePants" into a television series in 1996 after the cancellation of "Rocko's Modern Life", another Nickelodeon television series which Hillenburg previously directed.
"Invader Zim" is an American animated television series created by Jhonen Vasquez and originally aired on Nickelodeon.
 The recurring cast includes voice actors Richard Steven Horvitz, Rodger Bumpass, Kevin McDonald ("The Kids in the Hall") and John de Lancie ("").
 Vasquez voices parts in the show.
 The show was cancelled early in its run and some episodes were unfinished.
 The show ran for two seasons before its cancellation.
William Dwight Schultz (born November 24, 1947) is an American actor and voice artist.
 He is known for his roles as Captain "Howling Mad" Murdock on the 1980s action series "The A-Team", and as Reginald Barclay in "", "" and the film "".
 He is also well known in animation as the mad scientist Dr. Animo in the "Ben 10" series, Chef Mung Daal in the children's cartoon "Chowder", and Eddie the Squirrel in "CatDog".
Harvey Beaks is an American animated television series created by C.H. Greenblatt for Nickelodeon.
 The series premiered on March 28, 2015 following the 2015 Kids' Choice Awards.
"The Return of Chef" is the first episode in the tenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 140th episode of the series overall, it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on March 22, 2006.
 The episode was the first after the departure of actor Isaac Hayes, who voiced the character Chef.
 Hayes, a Scientologist, left after a falling-out with the creators over their treatment of Scientology in the previous season's episode "Trapped in the Closet".
 Scientology has been accused of using brainwashing techniques, and the episode portrays Chef as having been brainwashed.
Rodger Bumpass (born November 20, 1951) is an American actor and voice actor.
 He is best known for his long-running role as Squidward Tentacles on the American animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants".
 He voices many other characters on the show, including Dr. Forrest and various anchovies.
 He also voiced The Chief in the animated series "Where on Earth Is Carmen Sandiego?
", and Mr. Besser, the school principal in the animated series "The Kids from Room 402".
 Bumpass has many other credits in animated films, animated television series, and video games.
