"'Free education".
 Many models of free higher education have been proposed.
 Primary school and other comprehensive or compulsory education is free in many countries, for example, and all education is mostly free (often not including books (from primary) and a number of administrative and sundry fees in university) including post-graduate studies in the Nordic countries.
 The Article 13 of International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights ensures the right to free education at primary education and progressive introduction of it at secondary and higher education as the right to education.
 From 2013 in Northern Europe, Estonia started providing free higher education as well.
 In Argentina, Norway and Finland, no fees apply for foreign students enrolling at a university, although they may not be eligible for a monthly study allowance and loan.
 Bachelor's degree programmes in Norway are solely taught in Norwegian.
 Master's degree programmes in Norway are offered in either Norwegian or English depending on the programme or university.
 Sweden, until the early-21st century, provided free education to foreign students but changes have been introduced to charge fees to foreign students from outside of the European community.
 Denmark also has universal free education, and provides a monthly stipend, the "Statens Uddannelsesstøtte" or "SU", to students over 18 years of age or students who are under 18 and attending a higher education.
 Bachelor and master's degree programmes in Denmark are offered in either Danish or English depending on the programme or university.
 Czech Republic, Greece, Turkey and Argentina provide free education at all levels, including college and university.
Education in the British Virgin Islands is largely free and is a requirement for children ages 5 to 17.
 The British Virgin Islands has a total of 15 public primary schools and 4 secondary public schools.
 In addition to the public schools, there are 10 primary private schools and 3 secondary private schools.
 The School year is from September to June.
 The British Virgin Islands is a part of the British Overseas Territories and therefore the educational system is very similar to the traditional learning system in the United Kingdom.
 Primary schools are focused on establishing the basics of an academic curriculum and host students between the ages of 5 to 12.
 After the completion of Primary school, students move on to Secondary school.
 Secondary school is for students between the ages of 13 and 17.
 Following the completion of secondary education, students may write their Caribbean secondary education certificate examination.
 There are approximately 2,700 students who attend primary school for the first 7 years of their required education, however less than 1,800 students successfully finish the following 5 required years of secondary school and complete their certificate exam.
 Tertiary Education is by no means required in the British Virgin Islands.
 Students who chose to continue their education after Secondary Education may move on to an additional 2 years of schooling.
 After 2 years of Tertiary Education is completed, students may take their Caribbean advanced placement examinations.
 Passing the exams entitles students the right to continue their studies even further at the University of the Virgin Island.
 This University is the only tertiary education institution in the British Virgin Islands.
 At the University, students can obtain associate, bachelors, and master's degrees in the departments of business, education, liberal arts and social sciences, or science and mathematic.
Seventh grade (called Year 8 in the England and Wales, called First Year in Scotland) is a year of education in many nations.
 The seventh grade is the seventh school year after kindergarten.
 Students are usually 12–13 years old.
McCollough was born in Chicago and grew up in Columbia, SC.
 McCollough received his Bachelor of Arts in Sociology from the University of South Carolina and a Masters of Education from Georgia Southern University.
The International Day of Peace, sometimes unofficially known as World Peace Day, is a holiday observed annually on 21 September.
 It is dedicated to world peace, and specifically the absence of war and violence, such as might be occasioned by a temporary ceasefire in a combat zone for humanitarian aid access.
 The day was first celebrated in 1982, and is kept by many nations, political groups, military groups, and people.
 In 2013 the day was dedicated by the Secretary-General of the United Nations to peace education, the key preventive means to reduce war sustainably.
The German American School of Portland, Oregon, offers a dual language program in German and English for preschool to 5th grade.
 It is one of the five schools in the United States accredited by the Federal Republic of Germany's "Zentralstelle für das Auslandsschulwesen", Federal Office of Administration.
 170 students from 25 nations attend school each day.
 The school offers full day and half day options for preschool, before-school care, extended care, after school programs, and music lessons on site.
 It is located at 3900 SW Murray Blvd., Beaverton, Oregon.
Kempsville High School is one of eleven public high schools in the Virginia Beach City Public Schools system.
 It is a comprehensive high school for students in grades 9-12.
 Located in the western section of the city, the Kempsville High School covers approximately 12 sq. miles, and draws students from both Kempsville Middle School and Larkspur Middle School.
 In the Fall of 2016, Kempsville High School will be home to the Virginia Beach City Public Schools newest academy program, The Entrepreneurship and Business Academy at Kempsville High School.
 Students from across the school division can apply to attend this new academy program.
 A normal school day at Kempsville High is organized into an A/B block schedule with four class periods.
 Semester courses earn one-half credit, and year courses earn one credit upon successful completion of the course.
 All students at Kempsville High School have the opportunity to earn dual enrollment credit through Tidewater Community College, attend the Governor’s Magnet School for the Arts, attend the Technical and Career Education Center, attend the Advanced Technology Center, and the evening credit program at Renaissance Academy.The school mission statement is “Kempsville High School is committed to equipping students to be independent, responsible, academically proficient, technically and globally literate critical and creative thinkers."
Sixth grade (called Year 7 in the UK) is a year of education.
 In many nations it is the last year of primary level (elementary).
 It is for students ages 11–12.
 This grade may be the last year of elementary school or the first year of middle school.
Hagwon (] ) is the Korean-language word for a for-profit private institute, academy or cram school prevalent in South Korea.
 Although most widely known for their role as "cram schools", where children can study to improve scores, hagwon actually perform several educational functions: they provide supplementary education that many children need just to keep up with the regular school curriculum, remedial education for the children who fall behind in their work, training in areas not covered in schools, and preparation for students striving to improve test scores and preparing for the high school and university entrance examinations (the university entrance exam is also called suneung (수능)).
 Many other children, particularly younger children, attend nonacademic hagwon for piano lessons, art instruction, swimming, and taekwondo (태권도).
 Most young children attend a hagwon.
 Hagwon also play a social role, and many children, especially the younger ones, say they like going to hagwon because they are able to make new friends; many children ask to be sent because their friends attend.
 There are many hagwon for adults too, such as flower arrangement and driving-license hagwon.
 The term is also sometimes used to describe similar institutions operated by Korean Americans in the United States.
Like many nations in the Muslim world, polygyny is legal in Bahrain.
 However, according to the Bahrain Center for Human Rights' write-up on women's rights in Bahrain at the present time, polygamy is only practiced by a minority of Bahraini citizens, though unlike most nations, levels of education and areas of habitation do not play a strong role in statistics composed of citizens practicing polygamy.
