The Official Languages Act 2003 (OLA; Irish: "Acht na dTeangacha Oifigiúla 2003" ) is an Act of the Oireachtas of Ireland.
 The Official Languages Act sets out rules regarding use of the Irish language by public bodies, establishes the office of An Coimisinéir Teanga to monitor and enforce compliance by public bodies with the provisions of the Official Languages Act and makes provision for the designation of official Irish language versions of placenames and the removal of the official status of English placenames in the Gaeltacht.
Rissiana is a village situated near Samundri, District Faisalabd, Pakistan.
 There are actually two villages named "Rissiana" in this area; "Rissiana Kalan" (Bara Rissiana) and "Rissiana Khurd" (Chota Rissiana).
 Both have the same village number (138 GB) and are located two kilometers apart.
 Rissiana used to be called "Case Garh," and this name is still used in many official documents.
 The below details represents the demographics of Rissiana Khurd.
 Before the partition of sub continent in 1947, The village of Rissiana existed with Sikh majority.
 Rana Atta Muhammad is considered to be the pioneer immigrant who arrived here with his family from Sosana village of district Hushiarpur Indian Punjab.
 Sosana was a very small village but it has generated very prominent figures who contributed a lot for the development of Pakistan like Dr. Muhammad Saleem Khan and his son Rana Ayyaz Saleem (Senior Superintendent Police), Dr. Iqrar Ahmad Khan (SI), Vice Chancellor of University of Agriculture (Faisalabad) and Waseem Afzal (Central Superior Services of Pakistan) officer.
The Official Languages Act (French: "Loi sur les langues officielles") is a Canadian law that came into force on September 9, 1969, which gives French and English equal status in the government of Canada.
 This makes them "official" languages, having preferred status in law over all other languages.
 Although the Official Languages Act is not the only piece of federal language law, it is the legislative keystone of Canada's official bilingualism.
 It was substantially amended in 1988.
 Both languages are equal in Canada's government and in all the services it controls, such as the courts.
There are eleven official languages of South Africa: Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tsonga, Tswana, Venda, Xhosa and Zulu.
 Fewer than two percent of South Africans speak a first language other than an official one.
 Most South Africans can speak more than one language.
 Dutch and English were the first official languages of South Africa from 1910 to 1925.
 Afrikaans was added as a part of Dutch in 1925, although in practice, Afrikaans effectively replaced Dutch, which fell into disuse.
 When South Africa became a republic in 1961 the official relationship changed such that Afrikaans was considered to include Dutch, and Dutch was dropped in 1984, so between 1984 and 1994, South Africa had two official languages: English and Afrikaans.
A number of demolinguistic descriptors are used by Canadian federal and provincial government agencies, including Statistics Canada, the Commissioner of Official Languages, the Office québécois de la langue française to assist in accurately measuring the status of the country’s two official languages and its many non-official languages.
 This page provides definitions of these descriptors, and also records where and for how long each descriptor has been in use.
The two official languages of Canada are English and French.
 Office of the Commissioner of Official Languages, an office of the Canadian government, is responsible for achieving the objectives of, and promoting, Canada's Official Languages Act.
The Official Languages Ordinance is an ordinance of Hong Kong enacted for the purpose of specifying the status and use of official languages of the territory.
 Both Chinese and English are declared official languages with equal status in the ordinance, and are to be used in communication between the government and members of the public.
 It dictates that all ordinances would be enacted and published in both languages, and allows judicial officers the choice of using either language in court proceedings.
A multitude of languages are used in Canada.
 According to the 2011 census, English and French are the mother tongues of 56.9% and 21.3% of Canadians respectively.
 In total 85.6% of Canadians have working knowledge of English while 30.1% have a working knowledge of French.
 Under the Official Languages Act of 1969, both English and French have official federal status throughout Canada, in respect of all government services, including the courts, and all federal legislation is enacted bilingually.
 New Brunswick is the only Canadian province that has both English and French as its official languages to the same extent, with constitutional entrenchment.
 Quebec's official language is French, although, in that province, the Constitution requires that all legislation be enacted in both French and English, and court proceedings may be conducted in either language.
 Similar constitutional protections are in place in Manitoba.
This list of Indian journalists includes notable journalists working in India who write and speak in one of many official languages of India.
The Eighth Schedule to the Constitution of India lists the official languages of the Republic of India.
 At the time when the Constitution was enacted, inclusion in this list meant that the language was entitled to representation on the Official Languages Commission, and that the language would be one of the bases that would be drawn upon to enrich Hindi, the official language of the Union.
 The list has since, however, acquired further significance.
 The Government of India is now under an obligation to take measures for the development of these languages, such that "they grow rapidly in richness and become effective means of communicating modern knowledge".
 In addition, a candidate appearing in an examination conducted for public service is entitled to use any of these languages as the medium in which he or she answers the paper.
