Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference were biennial meetings of Prime Ministers of the United Kingdom and the Dominion members of the British Commonwealth of Nations.
 Seventeen Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conferences were held between 1944 and 1969.
 As well, the prime ministers met for a Commonwealth Economic Conference in 1952.
 These series of conferences were a continuation and regularisation of the earlier Imperial Conferences which had been held periodically from 1887 to 1937.
 Since 1971, Commonwealth Heads of Government Meetings have been held.
The following list indicates ridings represented by Canadian Prime Ministers during their term(s) of office.
 Some Prime Ministers represented more than one constituency during their term(s), hence the tallied numbers exceed the number of Prime Ministers.
 Moreover, one Prime Minister - Sir Mackenzie Bowell - served his term while a member of the Senate, although he had previously been a member of the House of Commons from Ontario.
The UK parliamentary constituency of Seaford was a Cinque Port constituency, similar to a parliamentary borough, in Seaford, East Sussex.
 A rotten borough, prone by size to undue influence by a patron, it was disenfranchised in the Reform Act of 1832.
 It was notable for having returned three Prime Ministers as its members – Henry Pelham, who represented the town from 1717 to 1722, William Pitt the Elder from 1747 to 1754 and George Canning in 1827 – though only Canning was Prime Minister while representing Seaford.
This is a list of Prime Ministers of Croatia since the first multi-party elections in 1990, in order of longevity.
 There are currently twelve prime ministers on the list and ten living prime ministers.This list is in decreasing order and is correct as of none }} .
 The longest-lived and oldest living former prime minister is Josip Manolić (born 22 March 1920).
Herbert Eser "Herb" Gray, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (May 25, 1931 – April 21, 2014) was a Canadian politician and statesman.
 He served as a Member of Parliament for four decades.
 He also served as cabinet minister under three prime ministers, and as Deputy Prime Minister from 1997 to 2002.
 He was Canada's first Jewish federal cabinet minister.
 He is one of few Canadians granted the honorific "The Right Honourable" who was not so entitled by virtue of a position held.
The Rome Protocols were a series of three international agreements signed in Rome on 17 March 1934 between the governments of Austria, Hungary and Italy.
 They were signed by Italian Prime Minister Benito Mussolini, Austrian Prime Minister Engelbert Dollfuss and Hungarian Prime Minister Gyula Gömbös.
 All the three protocols went into effect on 12 July 1934 and were registered in "League of Nations Treaty Series" on 12 December 1934.
This is a list of Israel Prime Ministers, in order of longevity.
 This list includes Prime ministers and "acting" Prime ministers.
 There are currently thirteen Prime Ministers on the list and three living Prime Ministers.
 The list is in descending order and is correct as of none }} .
This is a list of Japanese prime ministers by longevity.
 It consists of Prime Ministers and Interim Prime Ministers of Japan who have held the office.
 If a Prime Minister served more than one non-consecutive term, the dates given are for the beginning of their first term, and the end of their last term.
Yehuda Avner (Hebrew: יהודה אבנר‎ ; December 30, 1928 – March 24, 2015) was an Israeli prime ministerial advisor, diplomat, and author.
 He served as Speechwriter and Secretary to Israeli Prime Ministers Golda Meir and Levi Eshkol, and as Advisor to Israeli Prime Ministers Yitzhak Rabin, Menachem Begin, and Shimon Peres.
 Avner served in diplomatic positions at the Israeli Consulate in New York, and the Israeli Embassy to the US in Washington, DC, and as Israel’s Ambassador to Britain, Ireland and Australia.
 In 2010, he turned his insider stories about Israeli politics and diplomacy into a bestselling book, "The Prime Ministers", which subsequently became the basis for a two-part documentary movie.
 In 2015, his novel, "The Ambassador", which Avner co-authored with thriller writer Matt Rees, was posthumously published.
General elections were held in India in 1996 to elect the members of the 11th Lok Sabha contested by the Congress Party and Bharatiya Janata Party.
 The result of the election was a hung parliament with neither top two leading securing a mandate.
 The Bharatiya Janata Party formed a short lived government.
 United Front, consisting of non Congress, non BJP was created and secured support from 332 members out of the 545 seats in the Lok Sabha, resulting in H.D. Deve Gowda from the Janata Dal being the 11th Prime Minister of India.
 The 11th Lok Sabha produced three Prime Ministers in two years and forced the country back to the polls in 1998.
