"Guns and Butter" is a single by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi released by Virgin Records in October 1986.
 Both sides were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip.
 Their 1985 single "Man Overboard" had been a surprise top 5 hit, but "Guns and Butter" had less chart success peaking at # 48.
Anchor & Braille is the recording alias for American singer and songwriter Stephen Christian, known for fronting the alternative rock band Anberlin, before its dissolution in 2014.
 Originally conceived as a side project for Christian, Anchor & Braille is now his primary vehicle for releasing music.
 Christian has described Anchor & Braille as a collaborative effort, having recorded with musicians such as Aaron Marsh of Copeland, Micah Tawlks, and Kevin Daily of Civil Twilight.
 Since its beginning, Christian has released three studio albums under this name, Felt in 2009, The Quiet Life in 2012, and Songs for the Late Night Drive Home in 2016.
"King of Moomba" is a single by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi released by Virgin Records in May 1987 and later appeared on their second album "The Happiest Place in Town".
 The song was written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummerDorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip.
 While the B-side "Tearing up the Carpet" was written by Carter and Philip.
 Their 1985 single "Man Overboard" had been a surprise top 5 hit, but "King of Moomba", from their second album, which was produced by Martin Rushent, had less chart success peaking at #52.
 Moomba in the song's title refers to the annual festival held in Melbourne which had an appointed 'King of Moomba' from 1967–1987 and was then replaced by a 'Moomba Monarch'.
Kush was an American rap metal band formed in 2000 by rapper B-Real, Deftones guitarist Stephen Carpenter, and former Fear Factory members Raymond Herrera and Christian Olde Wolbers.
Joe Gooch (born 3 May 1977) was Ten Years After's most recent lead vocalist and lead guitarist.
Tellison is a four-piece indie rock band from London, England, formed in 2000.
 The band consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Stephen Davidson, guitarist and vocalist Peter Phillips, bass guitarist and vocalist Andrew Tickell and drummer Henry Danowski.
"The Happiest Place in Town" is a single by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi released by Virgin Records and is the title track from their second album"The Happiest Place in Town".
 The song was written by, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip.
 While the B-side "Take Me Anywhere" was written by Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and Philip; it is their first single not co-written with lead vocalist Deborah Conway.
 Do-R´e-Mi's 1985 single "Man Overboard" had been a surprise top 5 hit, but "Happiest Place in Town", from their second album, which was produced by Martin Rushent, had less chart success.
"Idiot Grin" is the second single by Australian rock/pop group Do-Re-Mi released by Virgin Records in September 1985 from their "Domestic Harmony" album.
 Both sides were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip.
 Previous single "Man Overboard" had been a surprise top 5 hit, but "Idiot Grin", which was also produced and engineered by Gavin McKillop, only peaked at #43 on the National singles charts.
"Warnings Moving Clockwise" is the third single by Australian rock/pop group Do-Re-Mi released by Virgin Records in December 1985 from their "Domestic Harmony" album.
 All three tracks were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummerDorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip.
 First single "Man Overboard" had been a surprise top 5 hit, but "Warnings Moving Clockwise", which was also produced and engineered by Gavin McKillop, did not have any chart success.
 When "Man Overboard" was released as a single in UK in 1986, the B-side was "Warnings Moving Clockwise".
The Happiest Place in Town is the second LP album by Australian rock/pop group Do-Re-Mi and was released by Virgin Records in August 1988.
 The album has twelve tracks, which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. "
Adultery" was released as an EP/CD single in 1987, it peaked at #22 on the National singles charts, and also appears on this album.
 The album and three singles, "King of Moomba", "The Happiest Place in Town" and "Haunt You" had little chart success.
