Earthbound is a live album by the band King Crimson, released in 1972 as a budget record shortly after the line-up that recorded it had broken up.
 It contains the band's first official live release of their signature song "21st Century Schizoid Man," and an extended live version of their 1970 non-LP B-side "Groon."
 It also contains two improvised tracks with scat vocals from Boz Burrell.
Raymond "Boz" Burrell (1 August 1946 – 21 September 2006) was an English musician.
 Originally a vocalist and guitarist, Burrell is best known for his bass playing and work with the bands King Crimson and Bad Company.
 He died of a heart attack in Spain on 21 September 2006 aged 60.
Saiichi Sugiyama (born 1960 in Tokyo, Japan) is a British-based guitarist, singer and composer, best known for his writing and performing collaborations with Pete Brown, the lyricist for Cream since 2002 to date.
 His previous bands in 1990s featured Mike Casswell and Phil Williams of Walk on Fire, Andy Smith of Hot Chocolate, Zoot Money, Boz Burrell of Bad Company, John Cook of Rory Gallagher band as well as the guitarist, Paul Wassif.
 Sugiyama's self-published studio albums in 2000s featured Clem Clempson of Colosseum, Pete Brown (who co-wrote and co-produced the albums), Zoot Money and Ben Matthews of Thunder.
 Sugiyama plays a Gibson Les Paul guitar and Marshall amplifiers.
 His guitar style has more than a passing resemblance to that of Peter Green and has a vibrato technique similar that of Paul Kossoff.
Boz Quch-e Olya (Persian: بزقوچ عليا‎ ‎ , also Romanized as Boz Qūch-e ‘Olyā and Bozqūch-e ‘Olyā; also known as Boz Qūch-e Bālā (Persian: بزقوچ بالا), Bozqūch Bālā, Buzqūch, and Boz Qūch) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.
 At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 22 families.
Inside Bad Company 1974–1982 is a documentary about the English hard rock band Bad Company released in 2005.
 The DVD reviews Bad Company on stage, on film and on record, with film never previously available.
 Founding member Simon Kirke and biographer Steven Rosen revisit on the life and work of the classic era of Bad Company.
 The DVD covers the band in the 1970s, 1980s of the original line up of Paul Rodgers, Mick Ralphs, Boz Burrell and Simon Kirke.
 Featured are some of the band's biggest hits, including "Can't Get Enough", "Feel Like Makin' Love" and of course, "Bad Company", but no complete performances of any songs are shown, only clips of them.
 The documentary has interview segments with Kirke, (the only member to be with the band for its entire history) and has instrumental demonstrations showing how the songs were written and played.
Bad Company is an English hard rock supergroup formed in Westminster, London, in 1973 by two former Free band members—singer Paul Rodgers and drummer Simon Kirke—as well as Mott the Hoople guitarist Mick Ralphs and King Crimson bassist Boz Burrell.
 Peter Grant, who managed the rock band Led Zeppelin, also managed Bad Company until 1982.
Boxer were a rock band formed by keyboardist Mike Patto and guitarist Ollie Halsall in 1975.
 They signed to Virgin and three albums followed, "Below the Belt" (1975), "Absolutely" (1977) and "Bloodletting" (1979), which also featured Bobby Tench and Boz Burrell.
 The band dissolved after "Absolutely" when Patto became ill.
Before I Forget is a 1982 album by Jon Lord, featuring a largely conventional eight-song line-up, no orchestra.
 The bulk of the songs are either mainstream rock tracks ("Hollywood Rock and Roll", "Chance on a Feeling") or, specifically on Side Two, a series of very English classical piano ballads sung by mother and daughter duo, Vicki Brown and Sam Brown (wife and daughter of entertainer Joe Brown) and vocalist Elmer Gantry.
 The album also features prolific session drummer (and National Youth Jazz Orchestra alumnus) Simon Phillips, Cozy Powell, Neil Murray, Simon Kirke, Boz Burrell and Mick Ralphs.
 Lord used synthesizers more than before, principally to retain an intimacy with the material and to create a jam atmosphere with old friends like Tony Ashton.
Call Me by My Name is the sixth studio album by British soul singer Ruby Turner, released in October 1998.
 Turner co-wrote five songs and enlisted the help of rhythm and blues luminaries Bobby Tench, Zoot Money, Stan Webb and Bad Company bassist Boz Burrell.
Fame and Fortune is the seventh studio album by Bad Company.
 The album was released in October 1986.
 It is the first album released by the reformed Bad Company, featuring original members Mick Ralphs (guitar) and Simon Kirke (drums), with the addition of new frontman Brian Howe (formerly of Ted Nugent's band) substituting for original singer Paul Rodgers.
 While original bassist Boz Burrell appears credited as part of the line-up, the liner notes reveal that session player Steve Price plays on the album.
