"Mona Leaves-a" is the nineteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> nineteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 11, 2008.
 The episode features the death of Homer's mother, Mona Simpson.
 Homer is reunited with his mother, Mona, but is not willing to forgive her for all the times she left him as a child.
 When she dies, a guilt-ridden Homer attempts to make it up to her by fulfilling her final wishes.
 It was written by Joel H. Cohen and directed by Mike B. Anderson and Ralph Sosa.
 Glenn Close makes her third appearance as Mona Simpson, and Lance Armstrong has a cameo as himself.
Joel Cohen (born 1942) is an American musician specializing in early music repertoires.
 Cohen graduated from Classical High School in Providence, Rhode Island.
 in 1959, and Brown University in 1963.
 He continued graduate education at Harvard University.
 From 1968 to 2008 he was the director of the Boston Camerata, a prominent American early music ensemble.
 He remains connected to the Boston Camerata as Music Director Emeritus.
 Cohen founded the Camerata Mediterranea in 1990 and incorporated it as a nonprofit research institute in France in 2007.
 He performs on lute and guitar and sings, but is best known as an organizer and creator of concert programs and sound recordings.
 He has also written extensively on musical topices.
 In recent years Cohen's research and performance activities have centered on early American repertoires (including Shaker song), as well as southern European repertoires of the Middle Ages.
 Many of his projects in this latter category involve collaboration with Middle Eastern musicians (see below).
"Homer's Paternity Coot" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons<nowiki>'</nowiki>" seventeenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 8, 2006.
 Mail from forty years earlier is discovered, and a letter from Homer Simpson's mother's old boyfriend states that he is Homer's true father.
 Homer sets out to find his new father, leaving Abe Simpson behind.
 It was written by Joel H. Cohen and directed by Mike B. Anderson.
 The episode guest stars William H. Macy and Joe Frazier as themselves, and Michael York as Homer's new father, Mason Fairbanks.
"Clown in the Dumps" is the season premiere of the twenty-sixth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons", and the 553rd episode of the series overall.
 It first aired in the United States on the Fox network on September 28, 2014, with "The Simpsons Guy", a crossover episode of "Family Guy" with "The Simpsons", airing afterwards.
 This episode was dedicated in memory of Louis Castellaneta, the father of "The Simpsons" voice actor Dan Castellaneta.
 It was written by Joel H. Cohen and directed by Steven Dean Moore, with Don Hertzfeldt directing a sequence in the opening titles.
 Jeff Ross, Sarah Silverman and David Hyde Pierce guest starred as themselves, with Jackie Mason and Kelsey Grammer reprising their respective roles as Rabbi Krustofski and Sideshow Bob, while Maurice LaMarche voiced several minor characters.
"Revenge is a Dish Best Served Three Times" is the eleventh episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 28, 2007.
 It was written by Joel H. Cohen, and directed by Michael Polcino.
Maggie Simpson in "The Longest Daycare", or simply The Longest Daycare, is a 2012 American traditionally animated 3D comedy short film based on the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 In the film, Maggie Simpson is enrolled at a new daycare facility where she squares off with the foul-tempered Baby Gerald when she befriends a caterpillar.
 The short originated with "Simpsons" producer James L. Brooks, who enlisted long-time veteran of the series, David Silverman, to direct the film.
 The picture was written by producers Brooks, Al Jean, David Mirkin, writers Michael Price and Joel H. Cohen, as well as show creator Matt Groening.
The Joel H. Hubbard House, also known as the Ferson–Butler–Satterlee Home is a historic residence in St. Charles, Illinois.
 The Greek Revival structure is constructed of wood on a stone foundation with an asphalt roof.
 It remains structurally similar to its original 1854 design with the exception of a sunroom addition.
 Joel H. Hubbard was a carpenter who originally designed this house and lived there for at least a year.
 The next owner was George Ferson, a member of the Kane County Board of Supervisors.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 4, 2011.
Joel H. Cohen is a Canadian writer for "Saturday Night Live", "Suddenly Susan" and "The Simpsons".
 He is the younger brother of one-time "Simpsons" writer Robert Cohen, who penned the season three episode "Flaming Moe's."
 Cohen received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1988 from the University of Alberta.
 He was born in Calgary.
"Yellow Subterfuge" is the seventh episode of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 537th episode of the series.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 8, 2013.
 It was written by Joel H. Cohen and directed by Bob Anderson.
 In the episode, when Principal Skinner promises that the most well-behaved at Springfield Elementary will get to ride in a submarine, Bart does everything possible to become a model student.
 Meanwhile, Krusty, on Lisa's advice, sells the foreign rights to his show in order to rake in more money, but the international Krustys soon become more popular than the domestic ones.
"Wedding for Disaster" is the fifteenth episode of the twentieth season of "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 29, 2009.
 In the episode, Marge and Homer's second marriage turns out to be invalid, so they decide to get married again.
 Right before the remarriage, Homer goes missing, and Bart and Lisa suspect that he has been kidnapped by Sideshow Bob.
 The episode was written by Joel H. Cohen and directed by Chuck Sheetz.
 It features a guest appearance by Kelsey Grammer as Sideshow Bob.
 Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics.
 It was viewed by 6.58 million viewers in its original American broadcast.
