Steven Bradford (born January 12, 1960) is an American politician currently serving in the California State Senate.
 He is a Democrat representing the 35th district, encompassing parts of Los Angeles County.
 Prior to his election to the state senate, he was an assemblymember for the 62nd district of the California State Assembly.
 Bradford was elected to represent the 51st district in a special election held on September 1, 2009, after Curren Price resigned his seat to take a seat in the California State Senate.
 He was re-elected in 2010 and, with 72% of the vote, was elected once more to represent the brand new 62nd District, comprising the communities of Del Aire, Del Rey, El Segundo, Gardena, Hawthorne, Inglewood, Lawndale, Lennox, Marina del Rey, West Athens, Westchester, Westmont and Venice Beach.
John A. Alario, Jr. (born September 15, 1943), is the current President of the Louisiana State Senate.
 He has served in the Louisiana State Legislature since 1972.
 He was a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1972 to 2008.
 Alario was Speaker of the House twice.
 In 2007, he was elected to the Louisiana State Senate.
 He is currently serving his third term as a senator and his second term as the President of the State Senate.
 He is the second person in Louisiana and fourth in United States history to have been elected as both Speaker of his state House of Representatives and President of his state Senate.
New York's 2nd State Senate district is one of 62 districts of the New York State Senate.
 It is currently represented by John J. Flanagan (R).
 Senator Flanagan is New York State Senate's majority leader and temporary president.
"Nesting" is the delimitation of voting districts for one elected body in order to define the voting districts for another body.
 For example, in California, the State Assembly (the lower house) is composed of 80 members, each one representing 1/80th of California's population, and the State Senate (the upper house) is composed of 40 members, each one representing 1/40th of California's population.
 In this case, the process of nesting could either be first defining the 80 Assembly districts, and then defining the Senate districts as a merge of two Assembly districts, or first defining the 40 Senate districts, and then creating the Assembly districts by splitting each Senate district into two.
 If the Assembly districts and the Senate districts are created independently of each other, then the process of nesting is not used.
The California State Senate is the upper house of the California State Legislature.
 Due to the state's large population and relatively small legislature, the State Senate has the largest population per representative ratio of any state legislative house.
 In the United States House of Representatives, California is apportioned 53 representatives, each representing approximately 704,566 people, while in the State Senate, each of the 40 Senators represents approximately 931,349 people, with the result that California state senators each actually represent more voters than California's representatives to the United States Congress do.
 Each member roughly represents a population equivalent to the state of Delaware.
 As a result of Proposition 140 in 1990 and Proposition 28 in 2012, members elected to the legislature prior to 2012 are restricted by term limits to two four-year terms (eight years), while those elected in or after 2012 are allowed to serve 12 years in the legislature in any combination of four-year state senate or two-year state assembly terms.
New York's 4th State Senate district is one of 62 districts of the New York State Senate.
 It is currently represented by Philip M. Boyle (R).
New York's 1st State Senate district is one of 62 districts of the New York State Senate.
 It is currently represented by Senator Kenneth LaValle (R).
The Hawaiʻi State Senate is the upper chamber of the Hawaii State Legislature.
 The senate consists of twenty-five members elected from an equal number of constituent districts across the islands.
 The senate is led by the President of the Senate, elected from the membership of the body, currently Ron Kouchi.
 The forerunner of the Hawaii State Senate during the government of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻ i was the House of Nobles originated in 1840.
 In 1894 the Constitution of the Republic of Hawaii renamed the upper house the present senate.
 Senators are elected to four-year terms and are not subject to term limits.
 Like most state legislatures in the United States, the Hawaii State Senate is a part-time body and senators often have active careers outside government.
 The lower chamber of the legislature is the Hawaiʻi House of Representatives.
 The membership of the Senate also elects additional officers to include the Senate Vice President, Senate Chief Clerk, Assistant Chief Clerk, Senate Sergeant at Arms and Assistant Sergeant at Arms.
Andrea Stewart-Cousins (Democrat, Independence and Working Families) is a New York State Senator and the first woman in New York State history to lead a conference in Albany.
 The Yonkers resident represents the 35th State Senate district in New York which in its present configuration includes Ardsley, Dobbs Ferry, Elmsford, Greenburgh, Hastings-on-Hudson, Irvington, Tarrytown, Scarsdale and parts of Yonkers, White Plains, and New Rochelle.
 Prior to being elected to the New York State Senate, she was a Westchester County Legislator.
 She was elected to the New York State Senate in 2006.
 In 2012, her colleagues chose her to be the first female legislative leader; she currently serves as Democratic Conference Leader.
New York's 3rd State Senate district is one of 62 districts of the New York State Senate.
 It is currently represented by Thomas Croci (R).
