Sentenced to Prism (1985) is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster, a stand-alone entry in his Humanx Commonwealth series of books.
 Like many of his books, Foster creates an extraordinary world that he tries to make unlike anything ever seen by his readers by creating a primarily silicon-based planet with almost everything seeming to be made from crystals, glass, and reflective surfaces.
Glory Lane (1987) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster.
 The book takes place outside of either of Foster’s two usual universes, Spellsinger and the Humanx Commonwealth.
The AAnn are a fictional species of reptilians in Alan Dean Foster's Humanx Commonwealth series.
 They are described as lizard-like carnivores with flexibility and speed superior to that of most men, although they are generally shorter and somewhat weaker physically.
 They are covered in small scales and prefer hot, arid worlds with plenty of sand.
Orphan Star (1977) is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster.
 The book is Foster's eighteenth published book, his fifth original novel, and is chronologically the third entry in the Pip and Flinx series. "
Bloodhype" (1973) was the second novel to include Pip and Flinx, but it is eleventh chronologically in the series and the two characters had a relatively small part in that novel's plot.
The Deluge Drivers (1987) is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster.
 It is the final entry in Foster's "Icerigger Trilogy" of books taking place in the Humanx Commonwealth book series.
 The two earlier books in the series are "Icerigger" and "Mission to Moulokin."
The Motion of Light in Water: Sex and Science Fiction Writing in the East Village is an autobiography by science fiction author Samuel R. Delany in which he recounts his experiences as growing up a gay African American, as well as some of his time in an interracial and open marriage with Marilyn Hacker.
 It describes encounters with Albert Einstein, Bob Dylan, and Stokely Carmichael, a dinner with W. H. Auden, and a phone call to James Baldwin.
 Hazel Carby called it one of two contemporary autobiographies that are "absolutely central to any consideration of black manhood" (the other being that of Miles Davis).
 Among many cultural events of the decade that he witnessed, Delany recounts his attendance at the first New York City performance of artist Allan Kaprow's "18 Happenings in 6 Parts", the 1959 performance piece that, for many, marks the end of modernism and the beginning of postmodernism.
 In section 17.4 of the University of Minnesota Press edition, he describes the event and its venue, and speculates on its artistic significance.
 The introduction puts an emphasis on the idea of the unreliable narrator; Delany's accounts often contrast his life as it "felt" to ways in which it actually occurred.
 In the chapter, The Future Is in the Present of the book "Cruising Utopia" by José Esteban Munoz, Delany's The Motion of Light in the Water serves to explain how the future, as a formed of utopia, can be "glimpsed" in the present through what Delany employed as "the massed bodies" of sexual dissidence.
Phylogenesis (1999) is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster.
 It is the first novel in Foster's "Founding of the Commonwealth Trilogy".
Spellsinger is a series of fantasy novels written by Alan Dean Foster.
 At present the series consists of eight books and, although there was a significant gap between the writing of book six and book seven, it seems unlikely that any more will be written.
Bloodhype (1973) is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster.
 The book is eleventh chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series, though it was written second; the main characters since they only appear in the last third of the book.
 Foster originally started the novel as a stand-alone work, but was encouraged by his publishers to include the characters from his previous novel.
 In the series, it falls after "Orphan Star", where Flinx meets the aliens who build him his ship, the Teacher.
Nor Crystal Tears is a science fiction novel by American writer novel by Alan Dean Foster, first published on 12 August 1982.
 Foster's ninth book set in the Humanx Commonwealth, it is a first-contact story about the meeting of the insectoid Thranx and Man.
 This sets in motion the creation of the Humanx Commonwealth; the political body that is the union of human and thranx society which forms the foundation for many of Foster's science-fiction novels.
