Juan Fernando Silvetti Adorno (27 March 1944 – 5 July 2003), professionally known as Bebu Silvetti or simply Silvetti, was an Argentine-born Mexican pianist, composer, conductor, arranger, and record producer.
 In the 1970s he moved to Mexico and got the nationality.
 Popularly known for the 1977 instrumental disco hit, "Lluvia De Primavera" ("Spring Rain" in English), the album was produced in Mexico and for the 1980 modern instrumental mariachi album.
 Silvetti was also a successful, Grammy-winning producer for a wide variety of Latin and international music performers.
 He was the father of the actress Anna Silvetti.
 Silvetti also worked in the music of successful films and telenovelas in Mexico.
Malinchism (Spanish: "malinchismo" ) or malinchist (Spanish: "malinchista" ) is a form of attraction that the foreigner has in the popular imagination, causing individuals to lose the spirit of nationality by moving to the other side, a particular case of cultural cringe.
 It is derived from the name of Hernán Cortés's Nahua advisor La Malinche, referring to a deep-rooted Mexican inferiority complex or self-hatred for the preference for all things foreign to the point of self-destruction.
 La Malinche is used as a symbol for being supposed to have assisted the Spaniards in destroying Native Americans' way of life, values, norms and culture and exploit the Native American peoples.
Rustem Hayroudinoff (Russian: Рустем Афзалович Хайрутдинов ) is a Russian concert pianist.
 Tatar by nationality, he was born in Kazan, Russian Federation (Republic of Tatarstan).
 His father, Afzal Hayroudinoff is a Professor of Cello at the Kazan State Conservatory.
 He is a brother of Halida Hayrutdinova, also acclaimed concert pianist.
Thomas Kretschmann (] ; born 8 September 1962) is a German actor.
 He played Lieutenant Hans von Witzland in the 1993 film "Stalingrad", Hauptmann Peter Kahn in the 2013 film "Stalingrad", Hauptmann Wilm Hosenfeld in "The Pianist", Hermann Fegelein in "Downfall", Major Otto Remer in the 2008 film "Valkyrie", and Captain Engelhorn in the 2005 remake of "King Kong", and voiced Professor Z in "Cars 2".
 He appeared as Baron Strucker in Marvel Studios' "" and "".
Kym Purling is an Australian pianist, composer and conductor, who was found abandoned at 2–3 days of age during the Vietnam War.
 After spending the first several months of his life in two orphanages, he was later adopted at the age of nine months to Australia, becoming the first international adoption of any nationality in Australia.
David Ezra Okonşar (] ; born 20 October 1961, Istanbul) is a Turkish-Belgian (double nationality) pianist, composer, conductor, writer and educator.
 He was previously known as "Mehmet Okonşar".
The Pianist is a memoir by the Polish-Jewish pianist and composer Władysław Szpilman in which he describes his life in Warsaw in occupied Poland during World War II.
 After being forced with his family to live in the Warsaw ghetto, Szpilman manages to avoid deportation to the Treblinka extermination camp, and from his hiding places around the city witnesses the Warsaw ghetto uprising in 1943 and the Warsaw uprising (the rebellion by the Polish resistance) the following year.
 He survives in the ruined city with the help of friends and strangers, including Wilm Hosenfeld, a German army captain who admires his piano playing.
Wilhelm Adalbert Hosenfeld (] ; 2 May 1895 – 13 August 1952), originally a school teacher, was a German Army officer who by the end of the Second World War had risen to the rank of "Hauptmann" (Captain).
 He helped to hide or rescue several Polish people, including Jews, in Nazi-occupied Poland, and helped Polish-Jewish pianist and composer Władysław Szpilman to survive, hidden, in the ruins of Warsaw during the last months of 1944, an act which was portrayed in the 2002 film The Pianist.
 He was taken prisoner by the Red Army and died in Soviet captivity seven years later.
Krzysztof Książek    was born on 5 August 1992 in Cracow, is a Polish classical pianist from Krakow, he is a winner of highest prizes at national and international piano competitions.
 His nomation is Polityka Passport Award for Classical Music.
 Since 2005, he has trained with Stefan Wojtas, first at music secondary school, now as a student of the Feliks Nowowiejski Academy of Music in Bydgoszcz.
 He has won prizes in Polish and international competitions, including the Ricard Vines in Leida, Spain, the Lviv international competitions in Ukraine, the "Città di Avezzano" in Italy (2011, First Prize) and the Polish Frédéric Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw (2011, Third Prize; 2015, Second Prize ex aequo), XV International Pianist Ricard Vines (Lleida, Spain 2009), The International Chopin Piano Competition (Lviv, Ukraine 2010), VI Concorso Internazionale Pianistico "Citta di Avezzano" (Avezzano, He participated in the 67th International Chopin Festival in Duszniki-Zdrój, the 18th International Festival of Young Winners of Silesian Music Contests, 5th National Promotion Festival "August Talents" He is a scholarship recipient of the "Sapere Auso" Malopolska Foundation, the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Culture and National Heritage, and the Pro Musica Bona Foundation.
 His nationality is Polish.
Jimmy Bowien (born February 5, 1933, in Koenigsberg/Prussia) is a German record producer, songwriter and composer.
 He started playing the piano at the age of 5 discovering his love for music early on in life.
 Bowien moved to Hamburg-Germany to study opera singing (Baritone) under the guidance of the distinguished vocal coaches Wilm Schmieding and Harry Voges.
 After finishing his studies and becoming a Baritone-singer, he applied for a job position at the record label Polydor in Hamburg and over many years and a large body of work became one of the most recognized music producers in Germany.
