The George Draper Dayton House was built in 1890 in Worthington, Minnesota, United States.
 George Dayton hired the Sioux Falls architect Wallace L. Dow to design his grand home on a parcel that took up eight lots.
The Sioux Falls Skyforce are an American professional basketball team that plays in the NBA G League.
 They are based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, and currently play at Heritage Court in the Sanford Pentagon, a place they have called home since the 2013–14 season.
 The Skyforce began in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) in 1989.
 They played their home games at Sioux Falls Arena from then until the move to the Pentagon in 2013.
 They participated in four CBA championship finals, winning the championship trophy in 1996 (defeating the Fort Wayne Fury, four games to one) and 2005 (defeating the Rockford Lightning three games to one).
Wallace L. Dow, often known as W.L. Dow, was an architect of Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
The 2010 Sioux Falls Storm season was the team's eleventh season as a football franchise and second in the Indoor Football League (IFL).
 One of twenty-five teams competing in the IFL for the 2010 season, the Storm were members of the Great Plains Division of the United Conference.
 The team played their home games at the Sioux Falls Arena in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
The Sioux Falls Canaries are a professional baseball team based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States.
 The Canaries are a member of the North Division of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball, which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball.
 Since the 1993 season, the Canaries have played their home games at Sioux Falls Stadium, commonly known as The Birdcage.
 In the 2010, 2011, and 2012 seasons, the team was called the Sioux Falls Fighting Pheasants.
Sioux Falls Regional Airport (IATA: FSD, ICAO: KFSD, FAA LID: FSD) , also known as Joe Foss Field, is a public and military use airport owned by the Sioux Falls Regional Airport Authority and located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Sioux Falls, a city in Minnehaha County, South Dakota, United States.
 Named in honor of aviator Joe Foss, it serves the greater Sioux Falls area, as well as communities throughout eastern South Dakota, southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa.
The Kentucky Horsemen (known as the Lexington Horsemen from 2003 to 2009) were an indoor football team based in Lexington, Kentucky.
 The team played its home games at Rupp Arena.
 The organization began as a 2003 expansion member of the National Indoor Football League, where they were successful.
 Following the 2004 season, where they defeated the Sioux Falls Storm to win Indoor Bowl IV, the Horsemen and other NIFL teams joined the new United Indoor Football (UIF) as a charter member, where they made the playoffs.
 They yet lost to the Sioux Falls Storm (the team they beat in their last year in the NIFL).
 They made the playoffs again in 2006 advancing to United Bowl II; losing to the Sioux Falls Storm.
 From 2008 through 2009, the Horsemen played in the af2.
 The team had announced intentions to compete in the new Arena Football League following the dissolution of the af2, but instead ceased operations in October 2009.
The Denny Sanford Premier Center is a large, multi-use indoor arena in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
 The building is located at 1201 North West Avenue, and is connected to the Sioux Falls Arena and Sioux Falls Convention Center, and is adjacent to Howard Wood Field, and Sioux Falls Stadium.
 The arena's naming rights partners, and largest sponsors, are Sanford Health, First Premier Bank and Premier Bankcard.
CenturyLink Tower (formerly Qwest Tower) is a 296,448 sq.ft office building located in downtown Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
 It is 174 feet tall and has 11 stories, dominates the skyline of Sioux Falls, and is the tallest building in the state of South Dakota.
 Previously the 202-foot Zip Feed Tower was the tallest building in Sioux Falls, as well as South Dakota.
Interstate 229 (I-229) in South Dakota runs just more than ten miles (16 km) mostly within the city limits of Sioux Falls, the largest city in the state.
 It runs from a trumpet interchange Interstate 29 in the southern extremities of Sioux Falls to Interstate 90 just north of Sioux Falls.
 In between, the interstate travels through parts of southern and eastern Sioux Falls.
