Daryl Hall and John Oates, often referred to as Hall & Oates, are an American musical duo from Philadelphia.
 Daryl Hall is generally the lead vocalist of the pairing.
 John Oates primarily plays electric guitar and provides backing vocals.
 The two write most of the songs they perform, either separately or in collaboration.
 They achieved their greatest fame from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s with a fusion of rock and roll and rhythm and blues.
Janna Allen (May 12, 1957 – August 25, 1993) was an American songwriter.
 She is best known as a co-writer of some of the biggest hits recorded by Daryl Hall & John Oates, in collaboration variously with Daryl Hall, John Oates and her sister Sara Allen, who was Hall's longtime girlfriend and the person for whom the duo's hit song "Sara Smile" was written.
Big Bam Boom is the twelfth studio album by Daryl Hall & John Oates, released by RCA Records late in 1984.
 It marked the end of one of the most successful album runs by a duo of the 1980s.
 RCA issued a remastered version in July 2004 with four bonus tracks.
 The song "Out of Touch" (the first single) was a #1 pop hit, and charted in several other areas (#24 Hot Black Singles, #8 on the Adult Contemporary charts and #1 on the dance charts, #48 in the UK).
 Another song taken from the album, the Daryl Hall and Janna Allen-penned "Method of Modern Love" reached a high point of #5, and "Some Things Are Better Left Unsaid," reached #18.
Jonathan Wolfson (born December 1, 1970) is an American television executive, manager, and publicist.
 He is known for his managerial work with the musical group Daryl Hall & John Oates and the Canadian-rock group Loverboy.
 He was previously well known for his publicity work with Suge Knight through his company Wolfson Public Relations.
 Jonathan has executive produced Daryl Hall’s TV shows "Daryl’s Restoration Over-Hall" and "Live From Daryl’s House".
"Ferry Cross the Mersey" (sometimes written Ferry 'Cross the Mersey) is a song written by Gerry Marsden.
 It was first recorded by his band Gerry and the Pacemakers and released in late 1964 in the UK and in 1965 in the United States.
 It was a hit on both sides of the Atlantic, reaching number six in the United States and number eight in the UK.
 The song is from the film of the same name and was released on its soundtrack album.
 In the mid-1990s a musical theatre production also titled "Ferry Cross the Mersey" related Gerry Marsden's Merseybeat days; it premiered in Liverpool and played in the UK, Australia, and Canada.
Live from Daryl's House (simply known as Daryl's House, and often abbreviated as LFDH) is an online series that was first created in fall 2007.
 The show features singer-songwriter Daryl Hall performing with his band and various guest artists at his home in Millerton, New York.
 The show provides a performance space that is an alternative to live concerts and studio sessions for popular artists.
 This allows the artists to "…have fun and [be] creatively spontaneous".
 The majority of shows include a segment in which Hall and the guest artist prepare food from different cuisines for everyone to eat.
 The food comes from various local restaurants and the chefs of those establishments walk Hall and guest through the preparation of the food.
 "Live From Daryl's House" expanded to broadcast TV but remained unchanged.
 Hall was quoted by Billboard.com as saying "it's an Internet show that is being shown on television, so I'm not adapting the show at all in any way to be a 'TV' show."
 The show debuted in 95 markets on September 24, 2011, with back-to-back half-hour episodes featuring Train (Episode 33) and Fitz & the Tantrums (Episode 35).
 Starting with the 66th episode of "Live From Daryl's House", the shows are filmed at Hall's club, Daryl's House, in Pawling, New York.
"One on One" is a song performed by American musical duo Hall & Oates.
 Written by member Daryl Hall, the song was released as the second single from their eleventh studio album "HO" on January 29, 1983.
 Backed by minimalistic, synthesizer-based production, the song's lyrics incorporate various sports metaphors to describe seduction.
 Daryl Hall performs lead vocals, while John Oates provides backing harmony vocals.
"Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying" is a song written and originally performed by British beat group Gerry and the Pacemakers.
 The songwriting is credited to Gerry Marsden and the other band members, Freddie Marsden, Les Chadwick and Les Maguire.
 It was first recorded by Louise Cordet, and then recorded by the group themselves in early 1964.
"Did It in a Minute" is a song performed by American musical duo Hall & Oates.
 Written by member Daryl Hall with Sara and Janna Allen.
 The song was released as the third of four singles from their tenth studio album "Private Eyes" in March 1982.
 Daryl Hall performs lead vocals, while John Oates provides backing harmony vocals.
"Say It Isn't So" is a song by American duo Daryl Hall & John Oates written by Daryl Hall.
 It was released by RCA Records in October 1983 as the first of two new singles from their compilation album "Rock 'n Soul Part 1", released that same year (see 1983 in music).
 The song was remixed as a "special extended dance mix" by John "Jellybean" Benitez, which topped "Billboard" magazine's Hot Dance Club Play chart.
 The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for four weeks, coincidentally behind "Say Say Say" by Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson.
