Flex Mentallo is a comic book character created by Grant Morrison in 1990, during his run on "Doom Patrol".
 Flex is in part a parody of Charles Atlas' long-running "The Insult that made a Man out of Mac" advertisements seen in American comics from the past.
Donald Jay Rickles (May 8, 1926 – April 6, 2017) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, and author.
 He became well known as an insult comic.
 His prominent film roles included "Run Silent, Run Deep" (1958) with Clark Gable and "Kelly's Heroes" (1970) with Clint Eastwood, and beginning in 1976 he enjoyed a two-year run starring in the NBC television sitcom "C.P.O. Sharkey".
Robert Smigel (born February 7, 1960) is an American actor, humorist, comedian and writer known for his "Saturday Night Live" "TV Funhouse" cartoon shorts and as the puppeteer and voice behind Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog.
 He also co-wrote both "Hotel Transylvania" films and "You Don't Mess with the Zohan", all starring Adam Sandler.
Lisa Lampanelli (born Lisa Marie Lampugnale; July 19, 1961) is an American stand-up comedian and insult comic.
 Much of her material is racy and features ethnic humor, centering on various types of minority groups, most notably racial minorities and homosexuals.
Ricardo Aleman (born April 25, 1977) is a Mexican-American author and comedian based in New York City where he performs regularly at Comic Strip Live, and was a featured comedian in their Guinness World Record 50 hour "Longest Stand Up Comedy Show".
 He has appeared on NBC's reality television show "America's Got Talent", where he insulted judges David Hasselhoff and Piers Morgan.
 Immediately after which, Ricardo released his first CD entitled "REALITY CD: I Am Not An Insult Comic".
 Previous television standup comedy appearances have included Si Tv's "Latino Laugh Festival", and LTV's "Llegamos".
 His first acting role was in the movie version of Yale’s Porn 'n Chicken club which aired on Comedy Central.
 Ricardo was also a featured regular on the Sirius Satellite Radio show "Four Quota’s" hosted by Steve Hofstetter.
Doc Stearn...Mr. Monster is a fictional character comic book superhero created by Michael T. Gilbert, most recently published by Dark Horse Comics.
 The character first appeared in Pacific Comics "Vanguard Illustrated" #7 (July 1984).
 Later the character graduated to his own monthly series "Doc Stearn...Mr. Monster" from Eclipse Comics.
 Mr. Monster was derived from an old 1940's character created by Fred Kelly who appeared only twice in 1940s Canadian comic books ("Triumph Comics" #31, 1946, and "Super-Duper Comics" #3, 1947).
 After trademarking Mr. Monster, Gilbert heavily revised the character creating a Horror/Humor hybrid which often featured heavy satire of both the horror genre and superhero comics in general.
Come Poop With Me is a CD of adult-oriented comedy and songs released by Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog (also known as voice actor and puppeteer Robert Smigel) on Warner Bros.
 Records on November 4, 2003.
 Its title is a parody of the Frank Sinatra album "Come Fly With Me".
Don Rickles Speaks!
 is a comedy album released in 1969 by insult comic Don Rickles.
 It begins with an introduction by G. Bernard Owens who tells the audience that the recording they are about to hear reveals the serious side of Rickles, and his "thoughts of people, life, philosophy."
 Immediately after the introduction, we hear laughter, which completely contradicts what was heard previously.
 In the album, Rickles is interviewed by a panel of "eminent experts" who ask him about celebrities such as Dean Martin, Johnny Carson, Kirk Douglas, Robert Goulet, and Frank Sinatra, as well as music acts such as The Electric Prunes and Snooky Lanson.
Dave Sirus is a writer and stand-up comedian who performs at venues in New York and Los Angeles.
 He produces and writes sketch comedy, is known for interviewing the Westboro Baptist Church members under the guise of 'Brick Stone' and appearing as a guest and recurring comedic correspondent on RT's "The Alyona Show" and HuffPost Live.
 On September 21, 2015, he was hired as a writer for the forty-first season of "Saturday Night Live" for which he was nominated for an Emmy for Writing in a Variety Series, and won a WGA award for writing in a comedy/variety series.
 He is currently a writer for Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog's Summer Election Special and Election Watch series on Hulu.
Triumph the Insult Comic Dog is a puppet character puppeteered and voiced by Robert Smigel, best known for mocking celebrities in an Eastern European accent.
 As his name indicates, Triumph's comedic style is almost exclusively insult comedy.
 A Yugoslavian Mountain Hound, Triumph often puffs a cigar, which usually falls out of his mouth when he starts talking.
 He debuted in 1997 on NBC's "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and also appeared on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" from time to time, as well as the short-lived "TV Funhouse", TBS's "Conan", and Adult Swim's "The Jack and Triumph Show".
 Smigel and Triumph have been ejected from several events for Triumph's antics, including Westminster (three times), the Honolulu line for auditions for "American Idol", and the 2004 Democratic National Convention (while shooting an aborted movie project).
