Edmund Dene Morel, originally Georges Eduard Pierre Achille Morel de Ville (10 July 1873 – 12 November 1924), was a British journalist, author, pacifist, and politician.
 In collaboration with Roger Casement, Morel led a campaign against slavery in the Congo Free State, founding the Congo Reform Association and running the "West African Mail".
 He played a significant role in the British pacifist movement during the First World War, participating in the foundation and becoming secretary of the Union of Democratic Control, at which point he broke with the Liberal Party.
 After the war he joined the Independent Labour Party.
 Bertrand Russell said of Morel, "No other man known to me has had the same heroic simplicity in pursuing and proclaiming political truth."
Vera Houghton, Baroness Houghton of Sowerby CBE (18 October 1914 - 30 November 2013) was a British women's health campaigner, chair of the Abortion Law Reform Association and founder of the Birth Control Trust.
The Regional Planning Association of America ("RPAA"), formed by Clarence Stein was an urban reform association developed in 1923.
 The association was a diverse group of people all with their own talents and skills.
 The goal of this group was to “connect a diverse group of friends in a critical examination of the city, in the collaborative development and dissemination of ideas, in political action and in city building projects”.
 Throughout the ten-year span in which the association lasted, five leading members contributed to this goal.
 Clarence Stein, Benton MacKaye, Lewis Mumford, Alexander Bing, and Henry Wright were the essential backbone of the RPAA.
 Originally an idea of Clarence Stein’s, through a series of introductions and acquaintances in Washington DC in 1918, the Regional Planning Association began to form.
The Constitutional Reform Association of Hong Kong was a political group formed by expatriate British community striving for constitutional reform in Hong Kong in the late 1910s.
The Irish Reform Association (1904–1905) was an attempt to introduce limited devolved self-government to Ireland by a group of reform oriented Irish unionist land owners who proposed to initially adopt something less than full Home Rule.
 It failed to gain acceptance due to fierce opposition from Ulster Unionists who on the one hand claimed it went too far, and on the other hand denounced by Irish Nationalists who claimed it did not go far enough.
 Also known as the Irish Reform Movement, it ended in calamity for most of those concerned.
The American Tort Reform Association (ATRA), founded in 1986, is an organization that advocates for tort reform.
 Its membership consists of more than 300 businesses, corporations, municipalities, associations, and professional firms.
Chinese Constitutional Reform Association (Chinese: 中國憲政協進會) is a political pressure organization founded in 2002 and officially established on October 11, 2005.
 It is currently led by Wang Dan, who was a student leader during the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, and president Wang Juntao.
 Its famous members include famous physicist Fang Lizhi and former advisor of Zhao Ziyang, Yan Jiaqi.
 Its purpose is to push constitutional reform in People's Republic of China by political activities.
The Land Tenure Reform Association (LTRA) was a British pressure group for land reform, founded by John Stuart Mill in 1868.
 The Association opposed primogeniture, and sought legal changes on entails. Its programme fell short of the nationalisation of land demanded by the contemporary Land and Labour League.
The Civic Reform Association, variously known as the Civic Reform Movement and the Citizens' Reform Association, was an Australian non-aligned ratepayers' organisation that was formed by approximately seventy people at the Sydney Town Hall on 20 January 1920.
 Its aim was to remove the administration of the City of Sydney from the control of the Australian Labor Party.
The Congo Reform Association was a movement formed with the declared intention to aid the exploited and impoverished workforce of the Congo by drawing attention to their plight.
 The association was founded in March, 1904, by Dr. Henry Grattan Guinness (1861–1915), Edmund Dene Morel, and Roger Casement.
