Always a Bride is a 1953 British comedy film directed by Ralph Smart and starring Peggy Cummins, Terence Morgan and Ronald Squire.
 The film's sets were designed by Maurice Carter.
Season seven of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 19, 2003.
 The seventh season concluded after 15 episodes on December 17, 2003, and was written and directed by Trey Parker.
The Good Old Days is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Roy William Neill.
 Written by Austin Melford and John Dighton based on a story by Ralph Smart, it stars Max Miller, Hal Walters and Kathleen Gibson.
 The film tells the story of group of entertainers struggling to obtain permission to perform at a tavern in 1840.
Curtain Up is a 1952 British film directed by Ralph Smart, written by Jack Davies and Michael Pertwee.
 It is based on the play "On Monday Next" by Philip King.
The tenth season of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 22, 2006.
 The tenth season concluded after 14 episodes on November 15, 2006.
 This is the first season in which Kenny does not die and the last season featuring Isaac Hayes (the voice of Chef) as Hayes quit the show following the backlash behind season nine's "Trapped in the Closet" episode.
 This season also had a minor controversy when the Halloween episode "Hell on Earth 2006" depicted "The Crocodile Hunter's" Steve Irwin with a stingray lodged in his chest getting thrown out of Satan's Halloween party for not being in costume.
 Episode 2 in this season is the last one with the Braniff Airlines logo.
 All the episodes in this season were written and directed by Trey Parker.
Danger Man (titled Secret Agent in the United States, and Destination Danger and John Drake in other non-UK markets) is a British television series which was broadcast between 1960 and 1962, and again between 1964 and 1968.
 The series featured Patrick McGoohan as secret agent John Drake.
 Ralph Smart created the programme and wrote many of the scripts.
 "Danger Man" was financed by Lew Grade's ITC Entertainment.
Henry Murdoch (17 September, 1920 - 24 April, 1987), born as George Henry Murdock, was an Australian aboriginal actor and stockman who appeared in Australian films of the 1940s and 1950s.
 He was working as stockman in Rockhampton when discovered by Ralph Smart, who was helping make "The Overlanders" (1946).
 The film's director, Harry Watt, later claimed Murdoch and fellow aboriginal actor Clyde Combo "proved to be first-class actors and were exceedingly quick witted and intelligent.
 They certainly disproved the conventional idea that the Australian aboriginal is an animalistic caveman."
Bush Christmas is a 1947 Australian–British comedy film directed by Ralph Smart and starring Chips Rafferty.
 It was one of the first movies from Children's Entertainment Films, later the Children's Film Foundation.
Bitter Springs is an Australian–British film directed by Ralph Smart and released in 1950.
 An Australian pioneer family leases a piece of land from the government in the Australian outback in 1900 and hires two inexperienced British men as drovers.
 Problems with local Aboriginal people arise over the possession of a waterhole.
A Boy, a Girl and a Bike is a 1949 British romantic comedy film directed by Ralph Smart and starring John McCallum, Honor Blackman and Patrick Holt.
 The film's art direction was by George Provis.
 The film concerns the romantic escapades and adventures of a Yorkshire cycling club.
