Garajonay National Park (Spanish: "Parque nacional de Garajonay" , ] ) is located in the center and north of the island of La Gomera, one of the Canary Islands (Spain).
 It was declared a national park in 1981 and a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986.
 It occupies 40 km (15 sq mi) and it extends into each of the six municipalities on the island.
North Cascades National Park is a U.S. National Park located in the state of Washington.
 The park is the largest of the three National Park Service units that comprise the North Cascades National Park Service Complex.
 Several national wilderness areas and British Columbia parkland adjoin the National Park.
 The park features rugged mountain peaks and protects portions of the North Cascades range.
The Roque Cinchado is a rock formation, regarded as emblematic of the island of Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain).
 It lies within the Teide National Park (a World Heritage Site) in the municipality of La Orotava, near the volcano of the same name, in the heart of the island.
 The Roque Cinchado is one of the largest in the world by altitude, for the entire park totals more than 2000 metres.
Adenocarpus viscosus is a shrubby species of flowering plant in the legume family Fabaceae, subfamily Faboideae.
 It is endemic to the Canary Islands where it is known locally as Codeso del Pico.
 It can be found above 1800 m on two of the islands, La Palma in Caldera de Tabouriente and Tenerife where it is a dominant shrub in Teide National Park and occurs in parts of Corona Forestal Nature Park and Reserva Especial de las Palomas.
Training centre for release of the Atma-energy (German: "Trainingszentrum zur Freisetzung der Atmaenergie"), also known as "Atman Foundation", was a new religious movement active mainly on the island of Tenerife and in Germany.
 This sect was originally a splinter group of the Brahma Kumaris and is known for a police and media scare in which an alleged attempt to commit ritual suicide took place in Teide National Park in Tenerife.
 The group believed in the end of the world but according to the religious studies scholar Georg Schmid and the sociologist Massimo Introvigne had no intention of collective suicide.
Teide National Park (Spanish: "Parque nacional del Teide" , ] ) is a national park located in Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain).
Crater Lake National Park is a United States National Park located in southern Oregon.
 Established in 1902, Crater Lake National Park is the fifth-oldest national park in the U.S. and the only national park in Oregon.
 The park encompasses the caldera of Crater Lake, a remnant of a destroyed volcano, Mount Mazama, and the surrounding hills and forests.
The Glacier National Park Fund (established in 1999), is an organization whose main goal is to raise money to support the demands of the Glacier National Park, located in West Glacier, Montana.
 According to the National Park Service, the Glacier National Park Fund supports park projects, programs, and services in four areas: to preserve the park experience, to provide curriculum-based instruction, to research the park ecosystem, and to prepare for the 2010 Centennial year of the park.
 The Glacier National Park Fund provided funds for different studies.
 In July 2007, The Glacier National Park Fund funded a study involving human and bear aversion techniques.
 Also, in 2009, The Glacier National Park Fund granted $10,000 to enable biologists to learn more about the Bighorn Sheep that inhabit Glacier National Park, along the park's boundary with the Blackfeet Indian Reservation.
 The Glacier National Park Fund has an official mascot named Billy Bowman.
Hermigua is a town and a municipality in the northeastern part of La Gomera in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife of the Canary Islands, Spain.
 It is located 12 km northwest of the island's capital, San Sebastián de la Gomera.
 The Garajonay National Park covers the southern part of the municipality.
The Alpine National Park is a national park located in the Central Highlands and Alpine regions of Victoria, Australia.
 The 646000 ha national park is located northeast of Melbourne.
 It is the largest National Park in Victoria, and covers much of the higher areas of the Great Dividing Range in Victoria, including Victoria's highest point, Mount Bogong at 1986 m and the associated subalpine woodland and grassland of the Bogong High Plains.
 The park's north-eastern boundary is along the border with New South Wales, where it abuts the Kosciuszko National Park.
 On 7 November 2008 the Alpine National Park was added to the Australian National Heritage List as one of eleven areas constituting the Australian Alps National Parks and Reserves.
