Richard Samuel "Dick" Morris (born November 28, 1946) is an American political author and commentator who previously worked as a pollster, political campaign consultant, and general political consultant.
Roger Eugene Ailes (May 15, 1940 – May 18, 2017) was an American television executive and media consultant.
 He was the founder and one-time Chairman and CEO of Fox News and the Fox Television Stations Group, from which he resigned in July 2016 following allegations that he sexually harassed female colleagues.
 Ailes was a media consultant for Republican presidents Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, and George H. W. Bush, and for Rudy Giuliani's first mayoral campaign.
 In 2016, after he left Fox News, he became an adviser to the Donald Trump campaign, where he assisted with debate preparation.
Jack Posobiec ( ) is an American alt-right pro-Donald Trump Internet activist and conspiracy theorist, known primarily for his controversial comments on Twitter.
 During the 2016 election, he was a special projects director of Citizens for Trump, a pro-Trump organization.
 For two months in 2017, he was a correspondent for "The Rebel", a far-right Canada-based website.
 He was granted press access to the White House in April 2017, and his tweets have been promoted by former Trump campaign manager Roger Stone.
Stephanie Cutter (born October 22, 1968) is an American political consultant.
 She served as Deputy Campaign Manager for President Barack Obama's 2012 re-election campaign, and has previously worked in campaign and communications roles for other Democrats including Ted Kennedy, John Kerry and Michelle Obama. "
The New York Times" described her as "a popular but polarizing face of (Obama's) campaign", and a "soldier who says the things the candidate can’t (or won’t) say."
Richard H. "Rick" Davis, Jr. (born 1957) is an American political consultant.
 He currently serves as a Partner and Chief Operating Officer of Pegasus Sustainable Century Merchant Bank, a private equity firm specializing in sustainable development projects.
 He is a managing partner of the business development and public affairs consulting firm Davis-Manafort, located in Alexandria, Virginia.
 He is best known for being the National Campaign Manager of John McCain's 2008 Presidential campaign (from April 25, 2007 to November 4, 2008).
 In that capacity, he oversaw the development and implementation of all campaign strategy and policy development.
 Davis also served McCain as National Campaign Manager for his 2000 Republican Presidential Primary campaign ( April 6, 1999 to March 9, 2000).
"Basket of deplorables" is a phrase from a 2016 presidential election campaign speech delivered by Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton on September 9, 2016, at a campaign fundraising event, which Clinton used to describe a faction of supporters of her general election opponent, Republican nominee Donald Trump.
 Clinton later said that she "regrets saying half [of Trump's supporters]", and the Trump campaign repeatedly used the phrase against her during and after the 2016 presidential election.
 Many Trump supporters adopted the "Deplorable" moniker for themselves.
 After Clinton's loss, some journalists and political analysts questioned whether or not the speech played a role in the election's outcome.
George E. Birnbaum is an American international political consultant.
 He was raised in Atlanta, Georgia, and has worked on dozens of United States Congressional and Senatorial races.
 In 1998 he moved to Israel to serve as a consultant to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, became his chief of staff, and afterwards formed a partnership with political consultant Arthur Finkelstein.
 His work includes polling, strategy, paid media and grassroots coalition building, developing and implementing campaign strategies.
 During his career, George Birnbaum has worked on campaigns on 5 continents and has helped elect over 15 Presidents and Prime Ministers worldwide.
Mary Joe Matalin (born August 19, 1953) is an American political consultant well known for her work with the Republican Party.
 She has served under President Ronald Reagan, was campaign director for George H. W. Bush, was an assistant to President George W. Bush, and counselor to Vice President Dick Cheney until 2003.
 Matalin has been chief editor of Threshold Editions, a conservative publishing imprint at Simon & Schuster, since March 2005.
 She is married to Democratic political consultant James Carville.
 She appears in the award-winning documentary film "" and also played herself, opposite her husband, James Carville, John Slattery, and Mary McCormack in the short lived HBO series "K Street".
Fred S. Karger (born January 31, 1950) is an American political consultant, gay rights activist and watchdog, former actor, and politician.
 His unsuccessful candidacy for the Republican nomination for the 2012 US Presidential election made him the first openly gay presidential candidate in a major political party in American history.
 Although he has not held elected or public office, Karger has worked on nine presidential campaigns and served as a senior consultant to the campaigns of Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and Gerald Ford.
 Karger was a partner at the Dolphin Group, a California campaign consulting firm.
 He retired after 27 years and has since worked as an activist on gay rights causes, from protecting the gay bar The Boom to using his organization Californians Against Hate to investigate The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and the National Organization for Marriage's campaigns to repeal the state's same-sex marriage law.
Joseph Napolitan (March 6, 1929 – December 2, 2013) was an American political consultant, who worked as a general consultant on over 100 political campaigns in the United States, and many others throughout the world.
 Napolitan served on the 1960 Kennedy for President campaign, was Director of Media for the 1968 Hubert Humphrey campaign, and received the French Legion of Honour in 2005.
 He died on December 2, 2013 at the age of 84.
