This page explains commonly used terms in board games in alphabetical order.
 For a list of board games, see List of board games.
 For terms specific to chess, see Glossary of chess.
 For terms related to chess problems, see Glossary of chess problems.
Brian "Chainsaw" Campbell is a Greater Seattle area game developer, author and editor who is credited for working in the role-playing game industry as far back as 1993.
 Brian's notable work includes "", "", "", Ratkin, and other World of Darkness products for White Wolf, the d20 versions of "Call of Cthulhu" and "Star Wars" for Wizards of the Coast, indie games such as "Spaceship Zero" for Green Ronin and "Fading Suns" for Holistic Design, Inc., and a foray into board games that included "Betrayal at House on the Hill" from Avalon Hill.
Francis Tresham is a United Kingdom-based board game designer who has been producing board games since the early 1970s.
 Tresham founded and ran games company Hartland Trefoil (founded 1971), a company well known for its "Civilization" board game, until its sale to MicroProse in 1997.
 His "1829" game was the first of the "18xx" board game series and some of his board games have inspired Sid Meier computer games such as "Railroad Tycoon".
Word board games are those games played on a board as players of the game attempt to construct words that use a scoring system.
 The player with the highest score wins the game.
 Many if not most board games are also available as software programs and online.
 Online word board games can be organized so that the player is playing against other people or the game can be played against an automated program acting as an artificial intelligence.
 Players of some word board games organize themselves into associations, clubs, and tournaments.
BoardGameGeek is an online forum for board gaming hobbyists and a game database that holds reviews, images and videos for over 84,000 different tabletop games, including European-style board games, wargames, and card games.
 In addition to the game database, the site allows users to rate games on a 1–10 scale and publishes a ranked list of board games.
Days of Wonder is a board game publisher owned by Asmodee Group since 2014.
 Founded in 2002, Days of Wonder distributes its games to 25 countries.
 It specialises in German-style board games and have branched out to include some online games.
 Days of Wonder has published games in English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, Hungarian, Finnish, Polish, Danish, Czech, Swedish, Norwegian, Korean, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, Greek.
 Days of Wonder was co-founded by Eric Hautemont, Pierre Gaubil, Mark Kaufman & Yann Corno.
 Under the guidance of the company's Creative Director, Cyrille Daujean, the company quickly made a name for itself as a publisher of board games with top notch components and gorgeous designs.
David Parlett (born 1939) is a games scholar, historian, and translator from South London, who has studied both card games and board games. His published works include many popular books on games and the more academic volumes "The Oxford Guide to Card Games" and "The Oxford History of Board Games", both now out of print.
 Parlett also invented a number of board games, the most successful of which is Hare and Tortoise (1974).
 The German edition was awarded Spiel des Jahres (Game of the Year) in 1979.
Robert Charles Bell (1917–2002) was the author of several books on board games, most importantly "Board and Table Games 1 & 2" (reprinted as "Board and Table Games from Many Civilizations").
 This work won the Premier Award of the Doctors' Hobbies Exhibition, London.
 He was instrumental in popularizing traditional games, and is acknowledged as one of 11 "principal sources" in David Parlett's "The Oxford History of Board Games".
Bear games is a category of board games of which many have historical roots in the Roman Empire.
 They were played in parts of the Empire as far away as Turkey and France and are still played today, especially in Italy.
 All of the games are two-player abstract strategy board games.
 Normally, the game is played with three hunters and one bear on a patterned board.
 It bears similarity to the hunt games such as the Fox games, Rimau-rimau, and Bagha-Chall, however, there are no captures involved.
 The three hunters are trying to hem in the bear, and block its movements.
Villa Paletti is a board game of physical skill designed by Bill Payne and published in 2001 by Zoch Verlag.
 Players compete to build the villa highest using columns from lower floors without collapsing the structure.
