GZR is an American heavy metal band led by Black Sabbath bassist/lyricist Geezer Butler.
 The band has actually been marketed with three different names on the three releases they've had.
 In 1995, the band was marketed as g//z/r.
 In 1997, it was merely geezer, and in 2005, it was GZR.
 Most fans refer to the band as Geezer, although Butler himself refers to the band name as "gee-zed-R."
 This incarnation of the band is not to be confused with Geezer's previous attempt in 1985 to form a solo band, then known as "The Geezer Butler Band" - the two bands are totally separate.
Kashchey the Deathless (Russian: Кащей бессмертный , "Kashchey bessmertnïy"), Kashchey the Immortal, is a one-act opera in three scenes (styled a "little autumnal fairy tale") by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov.
 The libretto was written by the composer, and is based on a Russian fairy tale about Koschei the Deathless, an evil, ugly old wizard, who menaced principally young women.
 A similar fairy tale was also used by Igor Stravinsky (Rimsky-Korsakov's pupil) and Michel Fokine to create their iconic ballet, "The Firebird".
"Goldilocks and the Three Bears" and the older still "The Story of the Three Bears" are two variations of a 19th-century fairy tale.
 The original tale tells of an ugly, old woman who enters the forest home of three bachelor bears whilst they are away.
 She sits in their chairs, eats some of their porridge, and falls asleep in one of their beds.
 When the bears return and discover her, she starts up, jumps from the window, and is never seen again.
 The other major version brings Goldilocks to the tale (replacing the old woman), and an even later version retained Goldilocks, but has the three bachelor bears transformed into Papa, Mama, and Baby Bear.
The Three Graces, also known as Carytid Fountain Group, Friendship Fountain, The Three Bares, and Three Bares Fountain, is an outdoor fountain and sculpture by Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney, installed in 1931 at Montreal's McGill University, in Quebec, Canada.
Goldilocks most commonly refers to "Goldilocks and the Three Bears", a 19th-century fairy tale.
The General Post Office (GPO) was officially established in England in 1660 by Charles II and it eventually grew to combine the functions of state postal system and telecommunications carrier.
 Similar General Post Offices were established across the British Empire.
 In 1969 the GPO was abolished and the assets transferred to The Post Office, changing it from a Department of State to a statutory corporation.
 In 1980 the telecommunications and postal sides were split prior to the splitting off of British Telecommunications into a totally separate publicly owned corporation the following year as a result of the British Telecommunications Act 1981.
 For the more recent history of the postal system in the United Kingdom, see the article Royal Mail and Post Office Ltd.
Quimbanda (] ) is an Afro-Brazilian religion practiced primarily in the urban city centers of Brazil.
 Quimbanda practices are typically associated with magic, rituals with Exus, and Pombagiras spirits.
 Quimbanda was originally contained under the religious tradition of Macumba.
 In the early years of the 21st century, some began to assert, despite historical records to the contrary, that Quimbanda was totally separate from Umbanda.
 Umbanda represented the more Europeanized traits of the religion.
 Quimbanda has continued to insist that it is a distinct religion, while rejecting Catholic and Kardecist Spiritist influences that have penetrated Umbanda and other Afro-Brazilian religions.
Joseph Jacobs (29 August 1854 – 30 January 1916) was an Australian folklorist, literary critic, social scientist, historian and writer of English literature who became a notable collector and publisher of English folklore.
 His work went on to popularize some of the world's best known versions of English fairy tales including "Jack and the Beanstalk", "Goldilocks and the three bears", "The Three Little Pigs", "Jack the Giant Killer" and "The History of Tom Thumb".
 He published his English fairy tale collections: "English Fairy Tales" in 1890 and "More English Fairytales" in 1893 but also went on after and in between both books to publish fairy tales collected from continental Europe as well as Jewish, Celtic and Indian fairytales which made him one of the most popular writers of fairytales for the English language.
 Jacobs was also an editor for journals and books on the subject of folklore which included editing the Fables of Bidpai and the Fables of Aesop, as well as articles on the migration of Jewish folklore.
 He also edited editions of "The Thousand and One Nights".
 He went on to join The Folklore Society in England and became an editor of the society journal "Folklore".
 Joseph Jacobs also contributed to "The Jewish Encyclopedia".
Newburgh is a town in Orange County, New York, United States.
 The 2010 census determined the population is 29,801, marking the first time ever that the population of the Town of Newburgh officially exceeded that of the adjacent but totally separate municipality known as the city of Newburgh (with a population of 28,866).
 Estimates released by the census bureau during the middle of the first decade of the 21st century had estimated that the Town had surpassed the City in population at that time, and in fact estimated the town population as exceeding 30,000, but the release of the official census figures underscored that those estimates were inflated.
Goldilocks and The Three Bares is a 1963 nudie-cutie film from the legendary exploitation team of Herschell Gordon Lewis and David F. Friedman.
 The title has absolutely nothing to do with the famous fable which inspired the title.
 Appropriately billed as the "first nudist musical" (not to be confused with "The First Nudie Musical", 1976), it has considerably more depth than their prior attempts at this genre.
