Joseph Theodore Sternaman (February 1, 1900 – March 10, 1988) was a professional American football player, born in Springfield, Illinois, who played quarterback for nine seasons for the Chicago Bears and Duluth Kelleys.
 At 5'6" and 135 pounds he was called "the strongest little man I ever met" by sportswriter Grantland Rice.
 He played quarterback during the years Red Grange starred with the Bears.
 In 1926, he was the quarterback, head coach, and owner of the Chicago Bulls of the first American Football League.
 Joey was also the brother of Chicago Bears co-owner Dutch Sternaman.
Kyle Raymond Orton (born November 14, 1982) is a former American football quarterback.
 He played college football for Purdue, where he started four straight bowl games.
 He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the fourth round of the 2005 NFL Draft.
 After an injury to Bears starter Rex Grossman, Orton was pressed into service as the starting quarterback during his rookie year, starting the first 14 games of the 2005 season, but was replaced by Grossman for the playoffs that year.
 Orton did not play at all in 2006, and sparingly in 2007.
 Orton regained his starting job from Grossman in 2008, but the team finished a disappointing 9–7 and out of the playoffs.
 In the offseason of that year, he was traded to the Denver Broncos.
Craig Krenzel (born July 1, 1981) is a former American football quarterback.
 He played college football at The Ohio State University.
 As the starting quarterback, he led the 2002 Ohio State Buckeyes football team to a national championship.
 He played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for one season, in 2004, with the Chicago Bears.
 Krenzel is currently a radio commentator for WBNS 97.1 The FAN in Columbus, which broadcasts the Ohio State Buckeyes football games.
Thomas "Tom" Allen Thayer (born August 16, 1961) is a former American football center/guard.
 He played in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears and the Miami Dolphins, and won a Super Bowl as a member of the 1985 Chicago Bears.
 Prior to his NFL career, Thayer played in the USFL for the Chicago Blitz, Arizona Wranglers and the Arizona Outlaws from 1983 to 1985.
 He is currently the color commentator on WBBM Newsradio for Chicago Bears broadcasts.
Willie Lee Thrower (March 22, 1930 – February 20, 2002) was an American football quarterback.
 Born near Pittsburgh in New Kensington, Pennsylvania, Thrower was known as "Mitts" for his large hands and arm strength, which stood in contrast to his 5'11" frame.
 He was known to toss a football 70 yards.
 Thrower was a part of the 1952 Michigan State Spartans who won the national championship, He became one the first African American , in the modern era, to appear at the quarterback position in the National Football League (NFL), playing for the Chicago Bears in 1953 (Fredrick Douglas Fritz Pollard was a pre-modern era African American quarterback; George Taliaferro was a modern era contemporary of Thrower.)
 .
James Joseph Sorgi, Jr. (born December 3, 1980) is a former American football quarterback.
 He was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the sixth round of the 2004 NFL Draft.
 He was the backup quarterback for Peyton Manning when the Colts won Super Bowl XLI against the Chicago Bears.
 He played college football at the University of Wisconsin.
 Once he was released by the Colts, he signed with the New York Giants to compete for the backup job to Eli Manning, but lost, and he was released.
The 1925 Chicago Bears season was their sixth regular season completed in the National Football League.
 The club posted a 9–5–3 record under head coach George Halas earning them a seventh-place finish in the team standings, their worst showing to that date.
 However, the 1925 Bears were the most notable team in the young NFL's history to that point—all because of the addition of college star Red Grange.
 The Bears started slow, just like in 1924, starting the season with two ties and a loss to Green Bay (the Packers' first win ever over the Bears).
 The Bears regrouped, however, and won 6 of their next 7.
 More importantly, the college season ended in mid-November and the Bear's owner Halas signed Grange.
 Grange was under contract but did not play on November 22 as the Bears defeated the Packers in a rematch.
 When Grange did suit up for his first game on Thanksgiving Day against the Cardinals, an estimated 39,000 showed up to see a 0–0 tie.
 (A large crowd at that time was about 10,000 fans and most games had less than 5,000 paying customers).
 That was just the beginning of 7 games in 18 days for Grange and the Bears, most to enormous crowds.
 Over 70,000 showed up on December 6 to see the Bears beat the Giants at the Polo Grounds—this was by far the largest crowd to see a professional football team and the gate receipts saved an ailing Giants franchise.
 By the end of the whirlwind football tour, the Bears were exhausted and feebly dropped their last three games, only scoring 6 points total.
 Even the lowly Detroit Panthers easily defeated the mighty Bears.
 Still, Chicago's success spurred by Grange put the NFL on the "map" and may have saved the league from an early demise.
On October 16, 2006, during the sixth week of the National Football League (NFL) regular season, the Chicago Bears American football team defeated the Arizona Cardinals, 24–23, at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona.
 The undefeated Bears staged the "comeback of the year" against the 1-win Cardinals after trailing by 20 points at halftime.
 This game is the first game in which the Bears won after trailing by 20 or more points since 1987 (they defeated the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 27–26).
 According to the Elias Sports Bureau, it was the first win in Bears history in which they trailed by at least 20 points in the second half, and the Cardinals became the first team in NFL history to lose consecutive games in a season after being ahead by 14 or more points at the end of the first quarter in each of their games.
 The Bears also set an NFL record for the biggest comeback without scoring an offensive touchdown in league history.
 Cardinals quarterback Matt Leinart became the first quarterback in history to throw at least 2 touchdown passes in each of his first 2 career starts.
 The last time a team won after committing 6 turnovers was over 20 years prior.
NFL Quarterback Club 96 is an American football video game released in December 1995.
 The game was released on the Sega Saturn, Sega Genesis, Game Boy, Sega Game Gear, DOS, and Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
 The game's cover features San Francisco 49ers quarterback Steve Young passing while being tackled by Chicago Bears defensive lineman Chris Zorich and an unidentified defender.
 The Saturn, SNES and DOS versions were developed by Iguana Entertainment, while the Game Boy edition was developed by Condor Inc.
Joshua Treadwell McCown (born July 4, 1979) is an American football quarterback for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft.
 He played college football at SMU and Sam Houston State.
 McCown has also played for the Detroit Lions, Oakland Raiders, Miami Dolphins, Carolina Panthers, Hartford Colonials, San Francisco 49ers, Chicago Bears, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Cleveland Browns.
 He is the older brother of fellow NFL quarterback Luke McCown and younger brother of former Texas A&M quarterback Randy McCown.
