Love Punch is the debut album by Ai Otsuka released on 31 March 2004 under the Avex Trax record label.
 This album was released in two formats: a CD Only version and a CD+DVD version.
 The CD+DVD edition comes with a DVD containing promo clips and interviews.
 Initial pressings contained a limited edition picture book.
 The album reached #3 on the Oricon charts and stayed on the charts for a total of 98 weeks.
 Because the album sold 519,300 copies in 2004, it became the #20 most popular album of 2004.
 However, it also charted on the 2005 end-of-year charts at #94 as it sold 159,025 copies in that year as well.
 In total, this album has sold 698,277 units.
Live at St. Gallen is a 2005 live CD and DVD by The John Butler Trio recorded in St. Gallen, Switzerland.
 The CD version peaked at No. 47 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
 The two CDs included in the set were recorded live at St. Gallen, whereas the DVD was recorded at the Sydney Opera House in 2004.
 The cover art was designed by John Butler Trio regular Tom Walker.
 On the Australian edition, the credits for the DVD include "In memory of Paul Hester", the original drummer from Crowded House.
 By the end of 2005 the album was certified gold by Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
Week End Tour was the name given to French pop singer Lorie's second concert tour, inspired by her hit single "Week End".
 On 4 October 2004, a live recording of the show was released in two versions, as with the famous singer's previous live effort, "Live Tour": a regular jewel case release containing the CD and a DVD and a limited edition cardboard box also containing a poster and a watch featuring the blonde songstress during her performances. On 12 June 2004, a filmed version of the show was released on DVD, once again in two versions.
 The limited edition DVD additionally contained a bonus disc with additional special features, as well has a new, double-sided poster and a removable tattoo of the singer's name.
The Hunting Party: Live from Mexico is the twelfth DVD of American alternative metal band Linkin Park, originally released on June 13, 2014.
 The CD version of the video includes all the tracks of the band's sixth studio album, "The Hunting Party".
 The DVD version of the video includes the live version of various songs from all the studio albums by the band, such as "Hybrid Theory", "Meteora", "Minutes to Midnight", "A Thousand Suns" and "Living Things".
 The DVD was available as a special edition content for the promotion of the album.
 This is the first DVD in the support of an album that does not include any song from the album.
Moonlight Waltz Tour 2011 is a live CD and DVD from the Italian gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires.
 It is the first all-in-one live CD and DVD release from the band, though Theatres des Vampires have released one live CD (Desire of Damnation) and one live DVD (The Addiction Tour 2006), separately.
 In addition to the live tracks, the CD contains three new studio songs from The Cult of Lamia soundtrack.
 The limited edition package also includes a 40-page book.
Living Things + is the eleventh DVD of American alternative metal band Linkin Park, originally released on March 22, 2013.
 The CD version of the video includes all the tracks of the band's fifth studio album, "Living Things".
 The DVD version of the video includes the live version of various songs from all the studio albums by the band, such as "Hybrid Theory", "Meteora", "Minutes to Midnight", "A Thousand Suns" and "Living Things".
 The DVD is known as a sequel of the DVD, "A Thousand Suns+".
Kollection is a music documentary about English pop band The Korgis.
 It was released in 2005 simultaneously with the CD by the same name, "Kollection".
 The acoustic concert especially recorded for this DVD was issued on CD in 2006 as "Unplugged".
 The 2006 re-issue of the DVD also includes video "Something About The Beatles".
 In 2009, the 2006 version of the "Kollection" DVD was re-released as a CD/DVD combo under the title "Something About The Korgis".
Majestical Parade is Nightmare's sixth full-length studio album.
 Three different versions of this album were released: one with just the CD; one with a CD+DVD; and one with a CD+DVD and a photo book.
 The sixth song, MELODY, was released as a limited single download on the DWANGO homepage.
 The album reached #3 in the Oricon Charts.
Un Regard 9 is the title of both the CD and DVD from Lara Fabian's 2005/2006 tour of the same name which followed her 2005 studio release, titled "9".
 The CD and DVD were both released separately and together as a limited edition box set.
 The CD and DVD were both recorded live on 29 March 2006 at the Zenith in Paris.
 The CD presents 15 live performances plus a brand new song, "Aime," recorded in a studio in Montreal.
 This song has been recorded in both English and French, though the latter version is the only one officially released so far.
 It was initially presented live during a few concerts in Belgium as gift for her native Belgium fans, but the enthusiastic response and feedback was so huge that Lara felt she should record the song and include it on a forthcoming release.
After... is an adult Japanese visual novel developed by Ciel which was released on June 27, 2003 playable on the PC as a CD or a DVD.The early DVD version includes a guide book and soundtrack CD and the early CD version includes a guide book and a mouse pad.
 Subsequent enhanced ports to the Dreamcast and to the PlayStation 2 as "After... ~Wasureemu Kizuna~" were released.
 Both ports feature their own exclusive characters and new scenarios not in the original PC release.
