The runic insignia of the "Schutzstaffel" (known in German as the "SS-Runen") were used from the 1920s to 1945 on "Schutzstaffel" flags, uniforms and other items as symbols of various aspects of Nazi ideology and Germanic mysticism.
 They also represented virtues seen as desirable in SS members, and were based on "völkisch" mystic Guido von List's Armanen runes, which he loosely based on the historical runic alphabets. SS runes are commonly used by members of the neo-nazis.
The SS-Dienstalterslisten (in German: "Dienstaltersliste der Schutzstaffel der NSDAP"; English: SS Officers list ) was an official listing of all SS officers of the middle and higher officer corps.
 They appeared in book form.
Fridolin Glass, also Glaß (born 14 December 1910 in Lemberg – died 21 February 1943 in the Soviet Union) was an Austrian Nazi activist and Schutzstaffel (SS) officer.
 Glass came to prominence in 1934 when he became the effective leader of the July Putsch, a failed coup attempt by the Nazis in Austria.
Róger David Torres Mendoza is a Peruvian Police officer born on January 26 in the resort of Buenos Aires located in Victor Larco, La Libertad Region, and in January 2012 he was appointed by the Ministry of Interior of the Peruvian government as head of the Direction Territorial of Police of La Libertad (DIRTEPOL) based in the city of Trujillo.
William (Bill) Young (28 October 1934 – 1 April 2011) was a Central Intelligence Agency paramilitary officer born in Berkeley, California and raised in Burma and Thailand.
 Although he was Caucasian, he was reared in the local hill tribe culture.
 Because his father and brother already worked for the CIA and knew Bill Lair, the Agency knew of his extensive cultural contacts with the Lahu people and other Southeast Asian hill tribes.
 With command of several Asian languages, he was made a natural recruiter of local guerrillas for the CIA's covert operations in the secret war in the Kingdom of Laos.
 He was then considered for the position of case officer to Hmong Vang Pao.
 He was passed over in favor of sending him on an extended reconnaissance of the Kingdom of Laos.
 His tour ranged westward from his start at Long Tieng—which he reported as well-sited for operations in the Plain of Jars—back to familiar territory in the Golden Triangle.
John Thomond O'Brien (1786–1861), also known in Spanish as Juan Thomond O'Brien, was an army officer born in 1786 in Baltinglass, Co.
 Wicklow, son of Martin O'Brien and Honoria O'Connor.
 He fought in the Chilean War of Independence.
Karl Freiherr Michel von Tüßling (27 July 1907 – 30 October 1991) was a Schutzstaffel (SS) officer who served in the Nazi government of German dictator Adolf Hitler and in the SS Main Office.
 From 1936 onwards, he was the personal adjutant of "Reichsleiter" and SS-"Obergruppenführer" Philipp Bouhler, who was in charge of Hitler's Chancellery (Kanzlei des Führers), head of the euthanasia programme Aktion T4, as well as co-initiator of Aktion 14f13.
 In 1947 Tüßling provided an affidavit in defence of war criminal Viktor Brack who was sentenced to death at the Nuremberg trials.
Thomas H. Conover was a United States Navy officer born in New Jersey in 1794.
 He entered the Navy as a midshipman January 1, 1812 and during his fifty-three years of service to the Navy would serve aboard the "Essex" , "Guerriere" , "John Adams" and was Captain of the  during her service with the African Squadron.
 He was one of the first officers to be promoted to the rank of Commodore on July 16, 1862.
 Conover died on September 25, 1864.
Karl Diebitsch (3 January 1899 – 6 August 1985) was an artist and the Schutzstaffel (SS) officer responsible for designing much of the SS regalia in the Third Reich, including the chained SS officer's dagger scabbard.
 Diebitsch worked with graphic designer Walter Heck to draft the well-known all-black SS uniform.
 Also with his business partner, industrialist Franz Nagy, Diebitsch began the production of art porcelain at the factory Porzellan Manufaktur Allach.
John Gwinn III (June 11, 1791 – September 1, 1849) was a United States Navy officer born in Maryland.
 During the War of 1812, he was a POW after the Royal Navy had captured "Frolic" in 1814 and he later commanded "Vandalia" .
