Far East Movement (abbreviated FM) is an American hip hop and electronic music group based in Los Angeles.
 The group formed in 2003 and consists of Kev Nish (Kevin Nishimura), Prohgress (James Roh) and DJ Virman (Virman Coquia).
 Their single "Like a G6", featuring pop-rap duo The Cataracs and singer Dev hit number one on both the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and on the iTunes chart in late October 2010, making them the first Asian-American group to earn a number one hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 Among their other chart toppers are: "Rocketeer" featuring Ryan Tedder of One Republic (peaked at #7 on Billboard), "Turn Up the Love" (#2 on the UK Charts), and their 2012 remix to the song "Get Up (Rattle)" by the Bingo Players, also hit #1 on the UK Charts.
The discography of B*Witched, an Irish pop girl group, consists of two studio album, one extended play and one compilation.
 The group released their debut single "C'est la Vie" on 25 May 1998.
 Despite mixed reviews, it reached Number 1 on the UK charts, making them the youngest female group ever to do so, and also made Number 9 in the US.
 Subsequent singles "Rollercoaster", "To You I Belong" and "Blame It on the Weatherman" also topped the UK charts.
 The group's debut album, "B*Witched", was released in October 1998, reaching Number 3 in the UK charts and was certified Double Platinum in the UK and Platinum in the US.
 B*Witched's second album, "Awake and Breathe", released almost exactly a year after their debut, peaked at Number 5 on the charts and was certified Platinum.
 Singles from the album were less successful than earlier releases ("Jesse Hold On" reached Number 4, "I Shall Be There" Number 13 and "Jump Down" Number 16 in the UK).
 The latter two appeared on their new American EP, "Across America 2000", along with live tracks and the earlier cover of "Does Your Mother Know".
 However, in September 2002, the group officially split when O'Carroll decided to leave the band.
American pop rock band Train has released ten studio albums, two live albums, one video album, four extended plays, 30 singles, four promotional singles, and 26 music videos.
 The band independently released their eponymous debut studio album in 1996, two years after their formation.
 In February 1998, the band signed to Aware Records and Columbia Records and re-released the album under the two labels.
 Three singles were released from "Train"; the album's second single, "Meet Virginia", peaked at number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The album peaked at number 76 on the US "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 In the period following the release of "Train", producer Brendan O'Brien started working with the band in a partnership that would last for three albums.
 The band released their second studio album "Drops of Jupiter" in March 2001; it was preceded by the release of its lead single, "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)".
 The single became a commercial success, peaking at number five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and also becoming a top ten hit in Australia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
 "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)" also won an award for Best Rock Song at the 44th Grammy Awards.
 The album peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200, earning a double platinum certification from the RIAA. "
She's on Fire", the third single from "Drops of Jupiter", achieved moderate success in Australia and the UK.
 Train's third studio album, "My Private Nation", was released in June 2003.
 It peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 The album's first two singles, "Calling All Angels" and "When I Look to the Sky", peaked at numbers 19 and 74 respectively on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The band released their fourth studio album "For Me, It's You" in January 2006.
 The album peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" 200 and spawned three singles.
The discography of Danity Kane, an American R&B group, consists of two studio album, five singles, and four music videos. Danity Kane were formed in 2005 during the third season of the reality television series "Making the Band", and consisted of Aubrey O'Day, Wanita "D. Woods" Woodgett, Shannon Bex, Dawn Richard, and Aundrea Fimbres.
 The group disbanded in January 2009 during the fourth season of "Making the Band".
 The group released their self titled debut album in August 2006.
 The album reached number one on the United States "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Danity Kane's debut single, "Show Stopper", which featured rapper Yung Joc, reached number eight on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. "
Ride for You", their second single, reached number 78 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "
Welcome to the Dollhouse", Danity Kane's second album, was released in March 2008.
 It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA.
 The album's lead single, "Damaged", reached number ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 The group's fifth single, "Bad Girl", featured Missy Elliott and reached number 110 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Jeremy Felton (born July 17, 1987), better known by his mononym Jeremih ( ), is an American singer, songwriter, rapper and record producer.
 In 2009, he signed a record deal with Def Jam Recordings.
 Jeremih's commercial debut single, "Birthday Sex", peaked at number four on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 His self-titled debut album reached number six on the US "Billboard" 200 chart.
 Jeremih's success continued with the release of his second album, "All About You", led by the single "Down on Me", which also reached the top five of the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 In 2014, his single "Don't Tell 'Em" became his third top-ten hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 After multiple delays, Jeremih released his third studio album, "Late Nights" in 2015.
 He announced that he is working on a joint album with PartyNextDoor called "Late Night Party".
 He is also working on his fourth studio album, "Later That Night".
"Cars" is a 1979 song by British artist Gary Numan, released as a single from the album "The Pleasure Principle".
 It reached the top of the charts in several countries, and today is considered a new wave staple.
 In the UK charts, it reached number 1 in 1979, and in 1980 hit number 1 in Canada two weeks running on the "RPM" national singles chart and rose to number 9 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Though Numan had a string of hits in the UK, "Cars" was his only song in the US Hot 100.
 It debuted on the American Top 40 on 29 March 1980 and spent a total of 17 weeks in the AT40, peaking at #9.
 "Cars" was released under the 'Atco' label, with the catalogue number of 7211.
American rapper Lil Wayne has released 200 singles – including 44 as a lead artist – and twelve promotional singles. Lil Wayne attained his first singles chart entry in 1999 as a featured artist on Hot Boys member Juvenile's single "Back That Azz Up", which peaked at number 19 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 and became a top ten hit on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Hot Rap Songs charts.
 Wayne later released his debut solo studio album "Tha Block Is Hot" in November 1999.
 Its title track and lead single, which features B.G. and Juvenile, reached number 65 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "
Lights Out" followed in December 2000 and produced the singles "Get Off the Corner", "Everything" and "Shine". "
Way of Life", the lead single from Wayne's third studio album "500 Degreez", peaked at number 71 on the Hot 100 and became a top 20 hit on the Hot Rap Songs chart.
 In 2004, Wayne was featured on the single "Soldier" by American girl group Destiny's Child, which became his first top ten hit on the Hot 100 and enjoyed commercial success internationally.
The discography of American country artist Martina McBride consists of thirteen studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, two video albums, three additional albums, forty five music videos, fifty one singles, sixteen other charting songs, and forty five album appearances.
 In 1991, she signed a recording contract with RCA Records, launching her debut studio album "The Time Has Come" in 1992.
 In September 1993, her second studio album "The Way That I Am" was issued.
 Its lead single "My Baby Loves Me" reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, becoming her breakthrough hit.
 The third single "Independence Day" peaked in the top twenty and became McBride's signature song.
 The song's success elevated sales of "The Way That I Am" to platinum status from the Recording Industry Association of America. "
Wild Angels" was released in September 1995 and reached number seventeen on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
 The album's title track became McBride's first song to top the Hot Country Songs list.
 McBride's fourth studio album "Evolution" was released in August 1997 and is her best-selling album to date, certifying three times platinum in the United States.
 The album spawned six singles which all became major hits including, "A Broken Wing", "Wrong Again", and "Whatever You Say".
 After releasing a holiday album, McBride's fifth studio album "Emotion" was issued in September 1999.
 The lead single "I Love You" topped the Hot Country Songs list, while also reaching minor positions on the Adult Contemporary and "Billboard" Hot 100 charts.
American singer Kesha made her international debut in early 2009 featuring on the Flo Rida single, "Right Round", which reached number one in the United States on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the charts in five other countries.
 Kesha's debut album, "Animal", released in January 2010, topped the Canadian and American charts, debuting at number one in its first week on the "Billboard" 200.
 The album's lead single, and Kesha's solo debut single, "Tik Tok", was released in August 2009 and reached number one in eleven countries and spent nine consecutive weeks on top of the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Since its release in 2009, the song has sold 15 million copies worldwide, therefore making it the best-selling digital single of all time.
 The album spawned three more hit singles, "Blah Blah Blah", "Your Love Is My Drug" and "Take It Off".
 She topped eight charts on the 2010 "Billboard" Year-End Chart, including Top New Artists, Hot 100 Songs and Hot 100 Artists.
"Ain't Love a Bitch" is a song written by Gary Grainger and Rod Stewart.
 Stewart released it on his 1978 album "Blondes Have More Fun", and it was one of four songs on the album co-written by Stewart and Grainger.
 The song was released as a single in 1979, reaching #11 on the UK charts, and #22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States.
 It spent 8 weeks on the UK charts and 6 weeks on the US charts.
 The song also reached the Top Ten in several countries, including Ireland.
 "Billboard" magazine placed Stewart #7 on its list of the Top Single Artists of 1979 on the strength of "Ain't Love a Bitch" and its predecessor, "Da Ya Think I'm Sexy?
".
