Choreographed Man of War is an album by Robert Pollard and the Soft Rock Renegades, released in 2001.
 The album features Robert Pollard (vocals, guitar), Greg Demos (bass), and Jim Macpherson (drums).
Elephant Jokes is the 12th studio album released by singer-songwriter Robert Pollard on August 11, 2009, and the 8th full-length album to be released by Pollard (along with several EP's and singles) since the break-up of his band Guided by Voices in 2004.
 Unlike recent Pollard albums, Todd Tobias does not play all the instruments on "Elephant Jokes", as Pollard plays some guitar on this album.
"Play That Funky Music" is a song written by Rob Parissi and recorded by the band Wild Cherry.
 The single was the first release by the Cleveland-based Sweet City record label in April 1976, and distributed by Epic Records.
 The performers on the recording included lead singer Parissi, electric guitarist Bryan Bassett, bassist Allen Wentz and drummer Ron Beitle, with session players Chuck Berginc, Jack Brndiar (trumpets), and Joe Eckert and Rick Singer (saxes) on the horn riff that runs throughout the song's verses.
 The single hit number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on September 18, 1976, and was also number one on the Hot Soul Singles chart.
 The single was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of over 2 million records, eventually selling 2.5 million in the United States alone.
The Crawling Distance is 11th studio album released by singer-songwriter Robert Pollard on January 20, 2009.
 Similar to many of Pollard's releases since "Fiction Man" in 2004, all instrumentation on the album was performed by producer Todd Tobias.
 "The Crawling Distance" has a 64/100 score on metacritic and thus was Pollard's lowest rated album on the site, until 2011's "Space City Kicks" which has a 62.
 
Robert Pollard Is Off to Business is 10th studio album released by singer-songwriter Robert Pollard on June 2, 2008.
 This is the first LP release from Robert Pollard's new record label "Guided by Voices Inc".
 All instrumentation on the album was performed by producer Todd Tobias.
 Many of the songs on the album were over three minutes in length, which is unusual for a Pollard release.
Kid Marine is 3rd album by Robert Pollard, released in 1999.
 It is the first release of Robert Pollard's Fading Captain Series.
 Pollard has stated that the album is about Jeff "Kid Marine" Davis, the person pictured on the cover .
 Robert told Mojo magazine, "My personal favorite, a weird record, almost a concept album, about the typical Ohio male and what he does - drink, watch television, eat pizza.
 It got mixed reviews, there are people who hate it and others who think it's our best record and I'm on their side.
 I just love the songs.
 It feels like one piece, like it all fits together.
 I like the cover and I like the
Boston Spaceships was a rock band featuring Robert Pollard and Chris Slusarenko of Guided By Voices, and John Moen of The Decemberists and Perhapst.
 The name of the band came from a nickname Pollard gave to the Boston cream donut from Krispy Kreme, which is Pollard's favorite donut.
 The band released several albums before disbanding in 2011 with their final album "Let it Beard".
Get Down Tonight: The Disco Explosion was a 2004 musical documentary special which aired on PBS.
 The special featured Irene Cara, KC & The Sunshine Band, Yvonne Elliman, The Hues Corporation, Peaches & Herb, Karen Lynn Gorney, A Taste of Honey, Rob Parissi of Wild Cherry, Leo Sayer, Deney Terrio, Frankie Valli, Martha Wash, Barry Williams, Norma Jean Wright and Felton Pilate.
 It was directed by T.J. Lubinsky, and produced by Jerry Blavat, Henry J. DeLuca, Cousin Brucie Morrow and Lubinsky.
 One of the associate producers was Marty Angelo.
Weatherman and Skin Goddess is a limited EP from singer-songwriter Robert Pollard.
 Only 1,000 CDs and 500 12 inch LPs were put into production and were made available exclusively on Pollard's website.
 Released on April 15, this marks the first release from Robert Pollard's record label Guided by Voices Inc.
Speak Kindly of Your Volunteer Fire Department is an album released by Robert Pollard and Doug Gillard in 1999.
 For the album, Gillard recorded instrumental tracks for songs Pollard had written (along with contributing four instrumentals of his own), to which Pollard later added vocals.
