This is a list of issue covers of "TV Guide" magazine from the decade of the 1990s, from January 1990 to December 1999.
 The entries on this table include each cover's subjects and their artists (photographer or illustrator).
 This list is for the regular weekly issues of "TV Guide", and includes covers that are national or regional in nature, along with any covers that were available exclusively to subscribers.
 Any one-time-only special issues of "TV Guide" are not included.
Neighborsgo was a weekly community newspaper published by "The Dallas Morning News".
 Each Friday, from 2005 until Friday, January 15, 2016, 10 print editions were distributed to thousands of households in the Dallas area.
 The material in print editions came from user-submitted material on the Web site, "neighborsgo.com", where editors interacted with community members, accompanied by stories and other news items produced by reporters and editors.
 "Neighborsgo" was one of several publications produced by major metropolitan newspapers that integrate user-generated and professionally produced media.
 The publication was shut down and all staff laid off Friday, January 15, 2016.
"TV Guide"' s 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time is "TV Guide"' s list of the 50 most entertaining or influential television series in American pop culture.
 It appeared in the May 4–10, 2002 issue of the magazine, which was the second in a series of special issues commemorating "TV Guide"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s 50th year (the others were "TV We'll Always Remember", "50 Greatest Covers", "50 Worst TV Shows of All Time", "50 Greatest Cartoon Characters" and "50 Sexiest Stars").
 The list was also counted down in an ABC television special, "TV Guide's 50 Best Shows of All Time", on May 13, 2002.
The "TV Guide" Award was an annual award created by the editors of "TV Guide" magazine, as a readers poll to honor outstanding programs and performers in the American television industry.
 The awards were presented until 1964.
 The "TV Guide" Award was revived 1999–2001.
TV Guide was a weekly Canadian magazine that provided television program listings information as well as television-related news, celebrity interviews and gossip, film reviews, crossword puzzles and horoscopes.
 It originated as a domestic version of the American "TV Guide" magazine before being spun off into a separate print publication that was published from 1977 to 2006, at which point it ceased publishing and its content was migrated entirely to a website (though occasional print specials have been published as recently as 2010).
In the study of the classic Chinese novel "Dream of the Red Chamber", the Cheng-Gao versions or Cheng-Gao editions (程高本) refer to two illustrated, woodblock print editions of the book, published in 1791 and 1792, both entitled "The Illustrated Dream of the Red Chamber" (绣像红楼梦).
 The 1791 version, produced at the year's end, was the novel's earliest print edition.
 A revised edition, differing in minor details, was published less than eighty days after the first print edition in early 1792.
 Both editions were edited by Cheng Weiyuan (程伟元) and Gao E and were published by Suzhou's Cuiwen Book House (萃文书屋).
J-Novel Club was founded in 2016 by Sam Pinansky and announced they would release light novels in weekly installments for their members before releasing the finalized books on e-book format.
 They launched with the titles "Occultic;Nine", "Brave Chronicle: The Ruinmaker", "My Big Sister Lives in a Fantasy World" and "My Little Sister Can Read Kanji".
 Shortly after they announced 2 more light novels - "Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash" and "I Saved Too Many Girls and Caused the Apocalypse."
 On January 19th, 2017 J-Novel Club announced they would be collabarating with manga and light novel localization company Seven Seas Entertainment who would start publishing print editions of 2 of J-Novel Club's light novels - "Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash" and "Occultic;Nine".
 On July 3rd, 2017 Seven Seas Entertainment announced they would be publishing print editions of 2 more J-Novel Club light novels - "Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest" and "Clockwork Planet."
This is a list of the top 10 newspapers in India by circulation.
 These figures include both print and digital subscriptions, are compiled by the Audit Bureau of Circulations.
 The figures include normal print editions, branded print editions (e.g., regional editions or editions tailored for commuters), and digital subscriptions (e.g., for tablet computers or restricted-access).
This is a list of issue covers of "TV Guide" magazine from the decade of the 2000s, from January 2000 to December 2009.
 The entries on this table include each cover's subjects and their artists (photographer or illustrator).
 This list is for the regular weekly issues of "TV Guide", and includes covers that are national or regional in nature, along with any covers that were available exclusively to subscribers.
 Any one-time-only special issues of "TV Guide" are not included.
TV Guide is a bi-weekly American magazine that provides television program listings information as well as television-related news, celebrity interviews and gossip, film reviews, crossword puzzles, and, in some issues, horoscopes.
 The print magazine is owned by NTVB Media, while its digital properties are controlled by the CBS Interactive division of CBS Corporation; the "TV Guide" name and associated editorial content from the publication are licensed by CBS Interactive for use on the website and mobile app through an agreement with the magazine's parent subsidiary TVGM Holdings, Inc.
