Carry the Banner is the third EP by the Berkeley, California-based punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.
 Originally released on 10" vinyl in December 1994 through Too Many Records, the EP was reissued on CD by Lookout Records shortly after as the initial vinyl pressing sold out quickly.
 It was the group's first release to feature Jason White on guitar/vocals, replacing Sarah Kirsch, who left the band in 1994 due to differences with Billie Joe Armstrong after his main band Green Day signed to major label Reprise Records.
Keith Peter Thomas Francis John Duffy (born 1 October 1974) is an Irish singer-songwriter, actor, radio and television presenter and drummer who began his professional music career as part of Irish boy band Boyzone alongside Ronan Keating, Mikey Graham, Shane Lynch and Stephen Gately in 1993.
 The band decided to focus on solo projects in 2000 since which Duffy has achieved critical acclaim for his acting roles, particularly in soap operas such as "Coronation Street" and "Fair City".
 He has also presented "The Box" and "You're a Star".
The whale shark ("Rhincodon typus") is a slow-moving filter-feeding carpet shark and the largest known extant fish species.
 The largest confirmed individual had a length of 12.65 m and a weight of about 21.5 t .
 Unconfirmed claims of considerably larger individuals, over 14 m long and weighing at least 30 t , are not uncommon.
 The whale shark holds many records for sheer size in the animal kingdom, most notably being by far the largest living nonmammalian vertebrate.
 It is the sole member of the genus Rhincodon and the only extant member of the family Rhincodontidae (called "Rhiniodon" and Rhinodontidae before 1984), which belongs to the subclass Elasmobranchii in the class Chondrichthyes.
 The species originated about 60 million years ago.
Boyzone are an Irish boy band.
 Their most famous line-up was composed of Keith Duffy, Stephen Gately, Mikey Graham, Ronan Keating, and Shane Lynch.
 Boyzone have had 21 singles in the top 40 UK charts and 22 singles in the Irish charts.
 The group have had 6 UK number one singles and 9 number one singles in Ireland with 12 of their 24 singles in the UK being in the UK Top 2.
 Boyzone are one of the most successful bands in Ireland and the United Kingdom.
 In total, Boyzone had 19 top 5 singles on the Irish Singles Chart, 18 top 10 hits on the UK Singles Chart, nine No. 1 Irish hit singles and six No. 1 UK hit singles and five No. 1 albums, with 25 million records sold by 2013 worldwide.
Edele Claire Christina Edwina Lynch (born 15 December 1979) is an Irish singer-songwriter, musician, dancer and actress.
 She is best known as the lead singer of Irish girl group B*Witched, of which her twin sister Keavy is also a member.
 Their brother Shane is a member of boy band Boyzone.
"A Different Beat" is a song by Irish boy band Boyzone from their second studio album, "A Different Beat".
 The song was written by Ronan Keating, Stephen Gately, Shane Lynch, Keith Duffy, Martin Brannigan, and Ray Hedges, and it was produced by Hedges with additional production by Trevor Horn on the radio edit.
 It was released as the album's second single on 2 December 1996 by Polydor Records.
Nicholas "Nicky" Wu (born October 31, 1970) is a Taiwanese singer and actor.
 He found fame in 1988 when he became a member of the boy band, Xiao Hu Dui (Little Tiger Team), performing alongside Alec Su and Julian Chen.
 The trio were extremely popular and successful in Taiwan, selling many records in the process.
 During his time with Little Tigers Team, he pursued a solo career, releasing an extensive catalogue of songs, Mandarin and Cantonese albums as a solo artist when member Julian Chen left the group to serve compulsory military service.
 Wu released his debut solo album in 1992.
Ronan Patrick John Keating (born 3 March 1977) is an Irish recording artist, singer, musician, and philanthropist.
 He debuted in 1994 alongside Keith Duffy, Michael Graham, Shane Lynch, and Stephen Gately, as the lead singer of Irish group Boyzone.
 His solo career started in 1999 and has recorded nine albums.
 He gained worldwide attention when his single "When You Say Nothing at All" was featured in the film "Notting Hill" and peaked at number one in several countries.
 As a solo artist, he has sold over 20 million records worldwide alongside the 25 million records with Boyzone, and in Australia, he is best known as a judge on "The X Factor" from 2010 until 2014 and a coach on "The Voice" in 2016.
 Keating is active in charity work and has been a charity campaigner for the Marie Keating Foundation, which raises awareness for breast cancer and is named after his mother who died from the disease in 1998.
Shane Lynch (born Shane Eamon Mark Stephen Lynch; 3 July 1976) is an Irish singer-songwriter, actor and professional drift driver, best known as a member of Boyzone.
 In recent years he has taken up auto racing, participated in reality shows, and appeared as a judge on "The All Ireland Talent Show".
Dwight E. Davis (born October 11, 1949) is a retired American professional basketball player.
 After playing college basketball at the University of Houston from 1969–72, Davis was selected as the 3rd overall pick of 1972 NBA draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers.
 Nicknamed "Double D", Davis played for five seasons in the NBA with two teams: the Cleveland Cavaliers (1972–75) and Golden State Warriors (1975–77).
 The 6 ft 8 in forward averaged 8.6 points in 340 career regular season games.
 Dwight was inducted into the "Hall of Honor" at the University of Houston in November 2006, some 34 years after leaving.
 He still holds many records for his rebounding, blocked shots and scoring.
 In 2007, Davis was appointed by New Hampshire Governor John Lynch to the N.H. Workforce Youth Council, and in 2008 he became the chair.
 He is also a board member of the Greater Seacoast United Way.
 Dwight spends much of his free time working with at risk teens with lessons on and off the court.
