The Cool Ones (aka "Cool, Baby Cool") is a 1967 film starring Roddy McDowall and directed by Gene Nelson.
 Mrs. Miller performs in a cameo role, and the film features cameo performances by bands the Leaves and the Bantams, as well as a cameo appearance by Glen Campbell.
In My Sleep is a 2010 suspense thriller film written, directed and produced by film director Allen Wolf.
 It stars Philip Winchester, Lacey Chabert, Tim Draxl, Abigail Spencer and Kelly Overton.
 It also features Kirsten Vangsness from Criminal Minds in a cameo role and Tony Hale from Veep in a cameo as well.
 The story is about a massage therapist with chronic insomnia who fears he may have murdered a good friend while sleepwalking.
Koi... Mil Gaya (English: "I..
.
 Found Someone" ) is a 2003 Indian science fiction film directed by Rakesh Roshan (who also has a cameo role), starring Hrithik Roshan and Preity Zinta in the lead roles with Rekha playing an important supporting role.
 Initially, Aishwarya Rai was offered the role of Nisha.
 After she declined, the role went to Zinta.
 The film was released on 8 August 2003.
 It was shot in Kasauli, Nanital, Bhimtal and in Canada.
Shiva Mecchida Kannappa (English: Kannappa who was blessed by Shiva) is 1988 Indian Kannada biographical film directed by Vijay.
 The film is a remake of 1959 film "Bedara Kannappa", the debut film of actor Rajkumar.
 Produced by Raghavendra Rajkumar, the film is about the life of Kannappa, a hunter who becomes Lord Shiva devotee played by Puneet Rajkumar in younger days and Shivarajkumar in adult life.
 The rest of the cast includes Geetha, Sarala Devi, C. R. Simha and Rajkumar himself playing a brief cameo role.
 The film had musical score by T. G. Lingappa and the dialogues and lyrics written by Chi.
 Udaya Shankar.
Leonard Logsdail (born September 11, 1950 in London, England) is a bespoke tailor, based in Manhattan, New York, specializing in men's suits.
 He is described as one of the finest bespoke tailors in the men’s suit business.
 All of Logsdail's suits are crafted and perfected on-site in his New York City location.
 He is credited for making Savile Row tailoring a local option in New York.
 Logsdail is known for creating high-end suits, including lining jackets with Hermes silk scarves.
 CNBC talk show host, economist and fashion icon Larry Kudlow has his suits made by Leonard Logsdail.
 Logsdail has created suits for award-winning films, and is recognized as one of cinema's most sought-after tailors.
 Logsdail has collaborated with esteemed film directors Steven Spielberg, Robert de Niro, Oliver Stone, Ridley Scott, and Martin Scorcese.
 He has had a cameo acting role as a tailor in The Wolf of Wall Street, and The Good Shepherd.
Adhu (English: "That") is a 2004 Tamil horror film directed by Ramesh Balakrishnan, starring Sneha in the lead role, who plays the role of a spirit possessed girl.
 The film, that has Aravind, a newcomer, Suha, Kazan Khan and Vijayan in supporting and Abbas in a cameo role, is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong-Thai-Singaporean film "The Eye", which was remade later in the United States under the same title and in Hindi as "Naina", starring Jessica Alba and Urmila Matondkar in the lead roles respectively.
 The film, with music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography by P. Selvakumar, released on 15 October 2004 and received generally negative reviews and is considered a box-office flop.
Ajab Gazabb Love (Strange and Amazing Love) is a 2012 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Sanjay Gadhvi and produced by Vashu Bhagnani.
 The film stars Arjun Rampal in a double role, along with Jackky Bhagnani opposite Nidhi Subbaiah in lead roles and Darshan Jariwala and Kirron Kher in supporting roles, whilst Arshad Warsi appears in a cameo role.
 The screenplay and dialogues were written by Mayur Puri.
 The theatrical trailer of the film revealed on 13 August 2012, whilst the film released worldwide on 26 October 2012, and received mostly negative response.
 The storyline is remade from the Telugu film "Seema Tapakai".
The Life of Emile Zola is a 1937 American biographical film about French author Émile Zola, played by Paul Muni and directed by William Dieterle.
 It has the distinction of being the second biographical film to win the Oscar for Best Picture.
 It premiered at the Los Angeles Carthay Circle Theatre to great success both critically and financially.
 Contemporary reviews cited it the best biographical film made up to that time.
 In 2000, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
No.20 Madras Mail is a 1990 Malayalam action-comedy film directed by Joshiy, starring Mohanlal in lead role along with Jagadish, Manianpilla Raju, M. G. Soman, and Ashokan in supporting roles, Mammootty also appears in an extended cameo role.
 The film follows the mystery behind the murder of a young woman in a train journey between Thiruvananthapuram to Madras.
 Almost half of the film was shot inside the train.
 This film was remade in Hindi as "Teesra Kaun" by Partho Ghosh with Mithun Chakraborty.
A cameo role or cameo appearance ( ; often shortened to just cameo) is a brief appearance or voice part of a known person in a work of the performing arts, typically unnamed or appearing as themselves.
 These roles are generally small, many of them non-speaking ones, and are commonly either appearances in a work in which they hold some special significance (such as actors from an original movie appearing in its remake) or renowned people making uncredited appearances.
 Short appearances by celebrities, film directors, politicians, athletes or musicians are common.
 A crew member of the movie or show playing a minor role can be referred to as a cameo as well, such as Alfred Hitchcock's frequently performed cameos.
