Michael Hibberd (born 3 January 1990) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 A defender, 1.86 m tall and weighing 90 kg , Hibberd plays primarily on the half-back flank.
 After spending the 2008 season with the Dandenong Stingrays in the TAC Cup, he missed out on selection in the 2008 AFL draft, which saw him spend two seasons in the Victorian Football League (VFL) with the Frankston Football Club.
 After winning Frankston's best and fairest and the Fothergill-Round Medal as the VFL's most promising young player in 2010, he was recruited by the Essendon Football Club with the fourth selection in the 2011 pre-season draft.
 He made his debut during the 2011 season and in the same year he was forced to miss the second half of the year after a club-imposed suspension due to an assault charge.
 His next four years at the club saw him rewarded with the club rising star award and three top-ten finishes in the best and fairest count.
 After being suspended for the entire 2016 season due to his involvement in the Essendon supplements saga, he was traded to the Melbourne Football Club during the 2016 trade period.
Aviron Bayonnais Football Club (] ; commonly referred to as simply Bayonne) is a French association football club based in Bayonne.
 The club is a part of a sports club that was formed in 1904 that is also known for its rugby union club.
 The football club was founded in 1935 and currently play in the Championnat National 3, the fifth level of French football.
 Bayonne plays its home matches at the Stade Didier Deschamps located in the city.
 It is named after Bayonne native, former youth player and the 1998 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000 winning captain Didier Deschamps, who also played for Marseille and Juventus.
The Trojans Rugby Football Club is an under-nineteen-year-old rugby club originally based out of Lassiter High School.
 It is one of the original high school rugby clubs which are part of the Georgia High School Rugby Association (GHSRA).
 The club was founded in 2005, and has made its mark on rugby in Georgia.
 Matches and practices are held at Noonday Creek Park in Marietta.
 Coach Randall Joseph has been the head coach since the club's founding, with Anthony "Bubba" Gautney as assistant coach.
 The club has taken park in many tournaments and state final matches in Georgia and the Southeast United States.
 A major goal of the Trojans Rugby Football Club is to teach and play the sport of rugby in the United States.
 This is a great struggle throughout Georgia because of opposition from the high school's football coaches and athletic directors.
 The club plays the most common version of rugby, called rugby union but often just referred to as rugby.
 Although the club plays by rugby union rules, they also play by the rules of the International Rugby Board (IRB) for those under 19 years of age.
 In the summer of 2011, the Trojan Rugby Football Club took part in another version of rugby called rugby sevens.
 This variation of rugby is faster paced, with the same size fields but fewer people, and shorter half lengths.
Cardiff City Football Club, a professional association football club based in Cardiff, Wales, was founded in 1899 as Riverside A.F.C. by members of Riverside Cricket Club.
 The club's first year was made up of friendlies before they were admitted to the Cardiff & District League in 1900 and later the South Wales Amateur League in 1907.
 The following year, the club were granted permission to adopt the name Cardiff City, having been denied the previous year as they were deemed not to be playing at a high enough level, and moved into the English football league system for the first time by joining Division Two of the Southern Football League.
 They won promotion to Division One in the 1912–13 season and remained there until 1920, playing just three seasons during this time due to the outbreak of the First World War when league football was abandoned.
 In 1920, they were elected to The Football League, joining the Second Division for one season, winning promotion in their first season after finishing second.
 The club also competed regularly in the Welsh Cup, winning the trophy 22 times during their history, second only to Wrexham's 23, before they were denied entrance into the competition from 1995 onward by the Football Association of Wales, along with all other clubs playing in the English league pyramid.
Odds Ballklubb, commonly known as Odd, is a Norwegian football club from Skien.
 Originally the football section of a multi-sports club, founded in 1894 nine years after the club's founding.
 All other sports than football were discontinued and the club became dedicated to football only.
 Odd plays in the Norwegian top division, Tippeligaen, and holds the record winning the Norwegian Football Cup the most times, the last coming in 2000.
 The club was known as Odd Grenland between 1994 and 2012.
 Founded in 1894, Odd is the oldest football club in Norway.
 As of May 13, 2017 the club was granted a membership in Club of Pioneers.
 It then became the first nordic football club to be granted this membership.
Friends Club is a Nepali football club, which plays in the town of Kathmandu.
 They are situated in Kupandole Lalitpur.
 This club is known for nurturing young talent of Nepalese Football.
 Friends Club has produced more than 200 national football players till date.
 It remained only a football club that every now and then organized certain social activities like reading room facilities, blood donations, bicycle rallies against drug abuse etc.
 Only since late 80’s, it has implemented different training activities for women and children.
 It is also running a clinic and a pathology laboratory which are very popular among the people of kopundole.
 The club has come a long way since 1972 until now from sports club to a sport-cum-social-club.
The team practices on the grounds of Pulchok Campus and has a huge fan following in the college.
 The students are planning to form a fan club and aim to work together with the club to promote Nepalese football.
 The club in the current season is aiming for the top 3 spot.
 The club has a unique way of celebrating their victory by sacrificing a 'khasi' and enjoying the feast and the players believe in the hanuman god situated near their club office.The club plays in the Nepalese first division, This year Club Sign Nepali National Team Captain Sagar Thapa along with other national player Nirajan Khadka and Deepak Bhusal.
 Current national player Raju Tamang, Bharat Khawas, Sagar thapa, Nirajan Khadka, Deepak Bhusal are product of Friends Club Martyr's Memorial A-Division League.
Birmingham City Football Club, an English association football club based in Birmingham, was founded as Small Heath Alliance in 1875, and from 1877 played home games at Muntz Street.
 It adopted professionalism in 1885, and three years later, as Small Heath F.C., became a limited company with a board of directors, the first football club so to do.
 The team played in the Football Alliance from the 1889–90 season, and in 1892, along with the other Alliance teams, were invited to join the newly formed Second Division of the Football League.
 Although they finished as champions, they failed to win promotion via the test match system; the following season promotion to the First Division was secured after a second-place finish and test match victory over Darwen.
 The club adopted the name Birmingham Football Club in 1905, and the following year moved into a new home, St Andrew's Ground.
 Matters on the field failed to live up to their surroundings.
 Birmingham were relegated in 1908, obliged to apply for re-election two years later, and remained in the Second Division until after the First World War.
Reuven Niemeijer (born 27 March 1995) is a Dutch football player who plays for Heracles Almelo.
Pachanga Diliman Football Club is a professional Filipino association football club based in Diliman, Quezon City that plays in the United Football League, the highest level of Philippine club football.
 It was founded in 1998 as Pachanga Football Club by then owner Alfredo Razon Gonzalez.
 In 2012, Pachanga was sold to the owners of Diliman Football Club, who then merged the two clubs.
 The team is managed by John Gutierrez and is headed by coach Yuki Matsuda.
Cork City Football Club (Irish: "Cumann Peile Chathair Chorcaí" ) is an Irish association football club based in Cork.
 The club currently plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
 The club was founded and elected to the League of Ireland in 1984.
 It was one of the first clubs in Ireland (and the first in Cork) to field a team of professional footballers.
 With the progression of professionalism at the club, continued development of the Turners Cross stadium and the transition to summer football, the club became one of the biggest and best supported clubs in the country.
 Between 2008 and 2010 however, the club suffered financial and management issues and entered a period of examinership.
 While the club's holding company was wound up by the courts, fans were awarded a licence under the name "Cork City FORAS Co-op" and entered a team in the 2010 League of Ireland First Division.
 The club subsequently re-acquired rights to the name "Cork City Football Club", and were promoted back to the premier division for the 2012 season.
