"One Perfect Day" is a song written by Phillip Buckle, David Hobson, and Paul van Dyk and recorded by Australian singer Lydia Denker as the theme to the 2004 film "One Perfect Day" (2004).
 Produced by Sam Melamed, the song is a pop rock love song.
 It was released as a CD single and maxi single on 16 February 2004 (see 2004 in music) and was the only song released from the soundtrack.
The episodes for the twenty-first and final season of the anime series "" are based on Part II for Masashi Kishimoto's manga series.
 While the first four episodes deal with the childhood of some main characters, the rest of season covers the events of Sasuke's Story: Sunrise (サスケ真伝 来光篇 , Sasuke Shinden Raikō-hen ) , Naruto: Shikamaru's Story — A Cloud Drifting in the Silent Dark (NARUTO－ナルト－　シカマル秘伝 闇の黙に浮ぶ雲 , Naruto: Shikamaru Hiden — Yami no Shijima ni Ukabu Kumo ) , and Naruto: Konoha's Story - A Perfect Day For a Wedding (NARUTO－ナルト－　木ノ葉秘伝 祝言日和, Konoha Hiden: Shūgenbiyori ) .
 The episodes are directed by Hayato Date, and produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo.
"A Perfect Day" (first line: "When you come to the end of a perfect day") is a parlor song written by Carrie Jacobs-Bond (1862–1946) in 1909 at the Mission Inn, Riverside, California.
 Jacobs-Bond wrote the lyrics after watching the sun set over Mount Rubidoux from her 4th-floor room.
 She came up with the tune three months later while touring the Mojave Desert.
 For many years the Mission Inn played "A Perfect Day" on its carillon at the end of each day.
New Scandinavian Cooking is a Scandinavian cooking show which, over the course of ten seasons, was hosted by Andreas Viestad, Tina Nordström, and Claus Meyer, produced by the Norwegian production company Tellus Works in collaboration with American Public Television (APT).
 A sequel series titled Perfect Day continued with the original hosts in rotation, with the cast addition of Sara La Fountain.
 It is also broadcast on channels such as AFC.
"Making Today a Perfect Day" is a song from the 2015 Walt Disney Animation Studios computer-animated short film "Frozen Fever", with music and lyrics by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez and performed throughout most of the short.
 It was released as a single in the United States on March 12, 2015.
"Walk on the Wild Side" is a song by Lou Reed from his second solo album, "Transformer" (1972).
 It was produced by David Bowie and Mick Ronson, and released as a double A-side with "Perfect Day".
 The song received wide radio coverage, despite its touching on taboo topics such as transsexuality, drugs, male prostitution, and oral sex.
 In the United States, RCA released the single using an edited version of the song without the reference to oral sex.
Perfect Day is the second studio album released by German Eurodance group Cascada.
 The entire album was produced by the group's two DJs, Yanou and DJ Manian.
 Like its predecessor, the album is comprised heavily of uptempo Eurodance tracks, many of which are cover songs.
 This album, however, features covers of songs from the early 2000s of the rock and country genres, with the exception of Because the Night (originally released by Patti Smith) which was released in 1978.
 Two edited tracks, "Endless Summer" and "I Will Believe It" that were previously recorded under the "Siria" name are also featured.
 Musically, the album is composed of Eurodance tracks with euphoric trance-style synths, drum programmings with a tempo over 140 beats per minute, and Europop lyrics.
 Lyrically, the albums is composed of love, partying and romance.
"A Young Girl in 1941 with No Waist at All" is a short story by J. D. Salinger, published in "Mademoiselle" in May 1947.
 The story has not been published in any anthology.
 It is of literary interest today largely because the character of Ray is seen as an early version of the character Seymour from Salinger's better known work "A Perfect Day for Bananafish".
"Perfect Day" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones released as the lead single from his fifth studio album "Capo".
 The song features American rappers-producers Chink Santana and LOGiC, and was produced by the latter.
 The song was released as a digital download on December 7, 2010.
Shaggy Dog Story is a charity programme for Children in Need, put together by the BBC in 1999 as a sequel to the previous year's "Future Generations" video (featuring children's programmes), and the great success of 1997's "Perfect Day" charity single.
 It was first shown on 27 December 1999.
