The Little River Railroad is a historic class III railroad that operated between Maryville and Elkmont, Tennessee during the period 1901 to 1939.
The Little River is a tributary of Little River Bay in the Comox Valley region of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada and the namesake of the community of Little River.
 Little River Bay is a sidewater of the Strait of Georgia.
The Fall River Branch Railroad was incorporated in Massachusetts in 1844, to provide a rail link from the emerging textile town of Fall River to the New Bedford and Taunton Railroad at Myricks Junction.
 It began operating in 1845 with 12 miles of track.
 A year later, in 1846 it merged with the Middleborough Railroad Corporation and the Randolph & Bridgewater Railroad Corporation to become the Fall River Railroad Company, with a new connection to Bridgewater.
 It operated as the Fall River Railroad until 1854 when it merged into the Old Colony Railroad to become the Old Colony and Fall River Railroad Company.
Elkmont is a region situated in the upper Little River Valley of the Great Smoky Mountains of Sevier County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.
 Throughout its history, the valley has been home to a pioneer Appalachian community, a logging town, and a resort community.
 Today, Elkmont is home to a large campground, ranger station, and historic district maintained by the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Little River is the largest Pacific coastal drainage basin between the Mad River and Big Lagoon.
 It's 19.6 miles of river drains forested Franciscan assemblage of the California Coast Ranges.
 The lowermost mile of channel is through Quaternary alluvium and dune sand of an estuarine floodplain typical of coastal inlets along the Cascadia subduction zone.
 Land seaward of U.S. Route 101 forms Little River State Beach and Clam Beach County Park.
 Little River State Park was established in 1931.
 The floodplain upstream of the highway 101 bridge is cleared as grazing pasture; and the upland portion of the drainage basin, including the former company town of Crannell, is in private ownership growing forest products.
 In 2014 the North Coast regional water board recommended that Little River be listed and an impaired waterway due to E. coli contamination 600 times greater than normal.
This is a list of movable bridges in Connecticut within the State of Connecticut's borders.
 Eight of the movable bridges are on the Amtrak route through Connecticut.
 These bridges are the Mianus River Railroad Bridge, the Norwalk River Railroad Bridge, the Saugatuck River Railroad Bridge, the Pequonnock River Railroad Bridge, the Housatonic River Railroad Bridge, the Connecticut River Railroad Bridge, the Old Saybrook-Old Lyme, the Niantic River Bridge, the East Lyme-Waterford, Thames River Bridge.
The Little River is a river in Central Texas in the Brazos River watershed.
 It is formed by the confluence of the Leon River and the Lampasas River near Little River, Texas in Bell County.
 It flows generally southeast for 75 miles until it empties into the Brazos River about five miles southwest of Hearne, at a site called Port Sullivan in Milam County.
 The Little River has a third tributary, the San Gabriel River, which joins the Little about eight miles north of Rockdale and five miles southwest of Cameron.
 Cameron, the county seat of Milam County and the only city of any significant size on the Little River, was established in 1846.
The Western River Railroad (reporting mark WRR) is a narrow gauge rail transport attraction in Tokyo Disneyland.
 Its route is 5,283 ft long and does not circle the whole park; it instead passes through Adventureland, Westernland, and Critter Country.
 Additionally, this railroad differs from other Disney railroads because its track gauge is narrow gauge as compared with other Disney railroad track gauges of narrow gauge.
 At the time that the Western River Railroad was opened, Japanese rail regulations required that any railway line with more than one stop be subject to the same rules as any other conventional rail line.
 As such, there is only one stop on the Western River Railroad in order to avoid having to charge fares and to allow the use of passenger cars that are not fully enclosed, which would not be allowed otherwise.
 It was sponsored by Takara Tomy.
The Hardy Downtown Historic District encompasses most of the central business district of the resort community of Hardy, Arkansas.
 It extends along Main Street, between Church and Cope Streets, and includes a few buildings on adjacent streets.
 Hardy was founded as a railroad town in the 1880s, but grew by the end of the 19th century into a resort community, serving as commercial center for vacationers from Memphis, Tennessee.
 Most of the 43 buildings in the district are between one and three stories in height, and of masonry construction.
 Twenty-four are historically significant, and many of the remaining buildings date to the early 20th century but have been altered in unsympathetic ways.
 Notable buildings include the Hardy Church of Christ, and the Raymond Daugherty House, one of the community's oldest buildings.
The Belvidere and Delaware River Railway Company (reporting mark BDRV) is a class III railroad in the United States.
 It was formed in 1995 when the Conrail Delaware Secondary was purchased by the Black River Railroad System, which operates several railroad services in western New Jersey and eastern Pennsylvania.
 The Black River Railroad System also owns and operates the Black River and Western Railroad.
 The Black River and Western Railroad leases 10 miles of track to the BDRV, since 2004.
 The trackage bought was a portion of the former Belvidere-Delaware Railroad which was controlled by the Pennsylvania Railroad and then the Penn Central.
