A Woman Called Moses is a television miniseries based on the life of Harriet Tubman, the escaped African American slave who helped to organize the Underground Railroad, and who led dozens of African Americans from enslavement in the Southern United States to freedom in the Northern states and Canada.
 Narrated by Orson Welles, the production was broadcast on the NBC television network on December 11 and 12, 1978.
 Tubman was portrayed by Cicely Tyson.
Mental As Anything are an Australian new wave/pop-rock band that formed in Sydney in 1976.
 Its most popular line-up (which lasted from 1977-1999) was Martin Plaza (birth name Martin Murphy) on vocals and guitar; Reg Mombassa (birth name Chris O'Doherty) on lead guitar and vocals; his brother Peter "Yoga Dog" O'Doherty on bass guitar and vocals; Wayne de Lisle (birth name David Twohill) on drums; and Andrew "Greedy" Smith on vocals, keyboards and harmonica.
 Their original hit songs were generated by Mombassa, O'Doherty, Plaza and Smith, either individually or collectively; they also hit the Australian charts with covers of songs by Roy Orbison, Elvis Presley and Chuck Berry.
Father Mogue Kearns (Irish: "Mo Aodh Óg Ó Céirín" ; died 12 July 1798), sometimes called Moses Kearns, was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and United Irishmen executed by the British on 12 July 1798, after leading 2,000 rebel troops during the 1798 Rebellion in Ireland.
The California Birth Index (CABI) is a database compiled by the California Office of Health Information and Research.
 The index contains birth records of all registered births in California between 1905 and 1995.
 Each record is an abstract of a person's birth certificate, including date of birth, full name, county of birth, gender, and mother's maiden name.
 People who have been adopted are sometimes listed by their birth name, sometimes listed by their adopted name, sometimes by both and sometimes not listed at all.
 The CABI is considered a valuable genealogy tool but is also criticized for privacy issues.
 California began statewide civil registration of births on July 1, 1905.
 Earlier birth records may exist in the county where the birth took place or at the church where a baptism took place.
Harriet, the Woman Called Moses is an opera in two acts composed by Thea Musgrave who also wrote the libretto which is loosely based on episodes in the life of the American abolitionist and former slave Harriet Tubman.
 The opera premiered on 1 March 1985 in Norfolk, Virginia, performed by Virginia Opera with subsequent broadcasts of the Virginia Opera production on National Public Radio and BBC Radio 3.
 Musgrave later wrote two shortened versions of the opera—The Story of Harriet Tubman (premiered 1993) and Remembering Harriet (premiered 2006).
Iytjenu was an Ancient Egyptian king of the First Intermediate Period, about 2100 BC.
 Very little is known about him as he is only indirectly attested in the name of a woman called Zat-Iytjenu - "Daughter of Iytjenu".
 The element Iytjenu within the woman's name is written with a royal cartouche.
 In this period the cartouche was only used for writing a king's name.
 Therefore, her name must refer to a king.
 The ruler's name is composed of two elements: Iy and Tjenu, both elements are also well attested as independent names.
 The position of the king within the First Intermediate Period remains highly speculative.
The Finding of Moses, sometimes called Moses in the Bullrushes, Moses Saved from the Waters, or other variants, is the story in chapter 2 of the Book of Exodus in the Hebrew Bible of the finding in the River Nile of Moses as a baby by the daughter of Pharoah.
 The story became a common subject in art, especially from the Renaissance onwards.
Lupin the Third: The Woman Called Fujiko Mine (LUPIN the Third -峰不二子という女- , Rupan za Saado Mine Fujiko to Iu Onna ) is the fourth incarnation of TMS Entertainment's long-running anime television adaptation of the "Lupin III" manga series written by Monkey Punch.
 Directed by Sayo Yamamoto, it aired on NTV from April 4, 2012 to June 27, 2012.
 It focuses on the franchise's heroine, Fujiko Mine, as she undergoes various missions and encounters the rest of the "Lupin III" cast for the first time.
 Unlike the franchise's previous three televised anime, "The Woman Called Fujiko Mine" is more sexually oriented in order to capture the "sensuality" present in the original manga as well as darker and more serious.
 It is also the only installment in the franchise to be directed by a woman and the first in which Lupin is not the protagonist.
Elf is the first album by Ronnie James Dio's blues rock band called Elf.
 Produced by Ian Paice and Roger Glover of Deep Purple, the record was released in 1972.
 In this album, Dio is listed by his birth name Ronald Padavona.
 Though Dio had used "Padavona" for songwriting credits on earlier singles, Dio explained in an interview in 1994 that he used his birth name on this album as a tribute to his parents so that they could see their family name on an album at least once.
Tobias Hainyeko constituency is the name of an electoral constituency in Windhoek, the capital of Namibia.
 It was created in 2003 under the name Eastern Hakahana at the recommendation of the "Third Delimitation Commission" which suggested that the constituency of Hakahana be split.
 Since then, the suburb of Hakahana falls into two different constituencies.
 In 2008 the constituency was named after the guerrilla war hero Tobias Hainyeko.
 The western part of Hakahana is now called Moses ǁGaroëb constituency, after politician Moses ǁGaroëb.
