The US 67 Bridge over Little Missouri River is a historic bridge carrying U.S. Route 67 (US 67) over the Little Missouri River, the border between Clark County and Nevada County, Arkansas.
 It consists of three steel Parker Pony trusses, with a total length of 1161 ft .
 Built in 1931, it is one of only seven surviving multi-span Parker truss bridges in the state.
The Little Missouri River is a tributary of the Missouri River, 560 miles (901 km) long, in the northern Great Plains of the United States.
 Rising in northeastern Wyoming, in western Crook County about 15 miles (24 km) west of Devils Tower, it flows northeastward, across a corner of southeastern Montana, and into South Dakota.
 In South Dakota, it flows northward through the Badlands into North Dakota, crossing the Little Missouri National Grassland and both units of Theodore Roosevelt National Park.
 In the north unit of the park, it turns eastward and flows into the Missouri in Dunn County at Lake Sakakawea, where it forms an arm of the reservoir 30 miles (48 km) long called Little Missouri Bay and joins the main channel of the Missouri about 25 miles (40 km) northeast of Killdeer.
Cow Creek is a tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 35 mi long, in north central Montana in the United States.
 Cow Creek rises in the southern foothills of the Bear Paw Mountains in western Blaine County and flows east and then south, joining the Missouri approximately 25 mi northeast of Winifred, Montana—or 22 mi upstream from the Fred Robinson Bridge.
 Cow Creek flows down to the Missouri in a canyon that passes through the Missouri Breaks, which are severely eroded badlands that extend out on either side from the Missouri River.
 The floor of Cow Creek canyon provided a pathway of travel from the Montana plains north of the river, down to the Missouri – at the mouth of Cow Creek, Cow Island made fording the Missouri easier – a steep but short trail on the south bank of the Missouri opposite Cow Creek completed this route which led from the northern Montana plains to the central and southern Montana plains.
 This pathway was used by migrating buffalo/bison and nomadic American Natives for centuries.
 During the steamboat era on the Missouri River, when low water prevented riverboats getting up to Fort Benton, the mouth of Cow Creek became a river landing and freighting depot, and it was the start of the Cow Island Trail by which freight was moved on to Fort Benton by going north up Cow Creek and then west.
 In 1877 the Nez Perce Indian Tribe, fleeing to Canada, had several skirmishes along Cow Creek including the "Battle of Cow Island", and several days later at a camp on Cow Creek the Nez Perce, thinking themselves now beyond the reach of the U.S. Army, made the fateful decision to slow down, rather than push on for the Canada–US border.
 Today, modern highways have by passed Cow Creek, and the buffalo and the nomadic Indian are gone.
 Cow Creek is dormant, in one of the most remote spots of the isolated regions of the vast area known as the Montana Missouri Breaks.
The Antoine River is a 50.4 mi tributary of the Little Missouri River in southwestern Arkansas in the United States.
 Via the Little Missouri, Ouachita and Red rivers, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 According to the GNIS, it has also been known as Antoine Creek.
 A short headwater tributary of the river is known as the Little Antoine River.
The Maramataha River is a river in the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand.
 The river rises west of Lake Taupo and flows generally west to become a tributary of the Ongarue River.
The Little Missouri Falls is a sizable waterfall on the upper reaches of the Little Missouri River in southwest Arkansas in the Ouachita National Forest.
 It is a stairstep fall in a deep gorge.
 The falls can be reached by an all-weather gravel road, and there is a parking area with restrooms and a paved trail leading to observation sites.
 Water flow is greatest during the winter and spring months.
Little Missouri State Park is a public recreation area covering nearly 4600 acre along the Little Missouri River, near the river's confluence with Lake Sakakawea, located approximately 12 mi due north of Killdeer, North Dakota.
 Much of the state park consists of badlands terrain that is only accessible by trail.
 The park has about 47 mi of trails as well as campgrounds for hiking and equestrian use.
 The majority of the park's area is managed under lease from federal and private owners.
Devils Tower (also Bear Lodge Butte) is a laccolithic butte composed of igneous rock in the Bear Lodge Mountains (part of the Black Hills) near Hulett and Sundance in Crook County, northeastern Wyoming, above the Belle Fourche River.
 It rises dramatically 1,267 feet (386 m) above the Belle Fourche River, standing 867 feet (265 m) from summit to base.
 The summit is 5,112 feet (1,559 m) above sea level.
The Little Missouri River Bridge, also known as the Nachitoch Bluff Bridge, is a historic bridge between rural southern Clark County, Arkansas and Nevada County, Arkansas.
 Now closed to traffic, it once carried County Road 179 (apparently now numbered CR 479) over the Little Missouri River.
 Believed to be built in 1910, it is the only known Camelback Pratt truss bridge in the state.
 Its main span measures 185 ft , with a secondary Pratt truss span measuring 110 ft in length, and there are I-beam-supported approaches on either side, giving the bridge a total length of 315 ft .
 The bridge is located on the historic route of the Natchitoches Trace, an early colonial French-Spanish trail through the area.
The Cracon du Nez (also known as Gross Condunez) occasionally also misspelled (on Google Maps and Google Earth) as the Crocon du Nez, is a sharp sided ridge that divides the Teton River and the Missouri River in Chouteau County, Montana (47.874719° -110.598212°), at a point where the increasing erosion at a large bend of the Missouri River has caused the two rivers to be a mere third of a mile (about 650 yards) apart.
 The Cracon du Nez ridge is an example of Missouri River stream bank erosion developing toward a future "stream capture" of the Teton River flow.
 A trail runs along the top of the ridge, where in 1865 Little Dog, a chief of the Piegan Blackfoot tribe was ambushed and killed by rebellious and jealous warriors from his own Piegan band.
 An abandoned railroad tunnel runs under the ridge, part of the former Montana Central Railway branch line of the Great Northern railroad running from Havre to Fort Benton, Great Falls, Helena and Butte.
 U.S. Highway 87 passes by the ridge and allows the traveler to see the Cracon du Nez.
 The name is derived from the French and means bridge of the nose, and was probably given by the French boatmen who comprised keelboat crews in the fur trade in the upper Missouri River in Montana during the early decades of the 1800s.
