The Tsirku River is a glacier-fed stream in Southeast Alaska near the town of Haines in the U.S. state of Alaska.
 The river's source is found at the Tsirku Glacier, a large, sprawling ice mass at the border of Alaska and the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 The river ends in a 4 mi wide delta near the Tlingit village of Klukwan.
 While many of the feeding glaciers are primarily in British Columbia, the river course lies entirely in Alaska.
Highway 35 is a paved undivided provincial highway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 It runs from the US Border near Port of Oungre (where it meets United States Route 85) to a dead end near the north shore of Tobin Lake.
 Saskatchewan Highway 35 is about 540 km long.
 The CanAm Highway comprises Saskatchewan Highways 35, SK Hwy 39, SK Hwy 6, SK Hwy 3, SK Hwy 2 and U.S. Route 85.
 46.5 mi of SK Hwy 35 contribute to the CanAm Highway between Port of Oungre on the Canada – United States border and Weyburn.
 Mudslides, and spring flooding were huge road building and maintenance problems around Nipawin as well as along the southern portion of the route named the "Greater Yellow Grass Marsh".
 Over 20 early dams were built until the problem was addressed with the Rafferty-Alameda Project on the Souris River and the construction of the Qu'Appelle River Dam which have helped to eliminate washed out roads and flooded communities.
 The highway through the homesteading community followed the Dominion Land Survey on the square until reaching the Saskatchewan River at Nipawin.
 The completion of the combined railway and traffic bridge over the Saskatchewan River at Nipawin in the late 1920s retired the ferry and basket crossing for traffic north of Nipawin.
 The E.B. Campbell Dam built in 1963 northeast of Nipawin created Tobin Lake, and Codette Lake was formed with the construction of the Francois-Finlay Hydroelectric dam at Nipawin.
 The railway/traffic bridge that formed part of Highway 35 was the only crossing utilized at Nipawin until a new traffic bridge was constructed in 1974.
 The new bridge then became part of the combined Highway 35 and 55 until the highway parts just east of White Fox.
 Highway 35 then continued north along the west side of Tobin Lake.
 The railway/traffic bridge continues to be utilized for one lane vehicle traffic controlled by traffic lights, and continues as the "old highway 35" on the west side of the river until it joins with the current Highway 35/55.
The Melado is a river of Linares province, Maule Region, of Chile.
 It rises in the "Cordillera de los Andes" with the name of river Guaiquivilo where it is formed by two tributaries, the river Cajón Troncoso, born near the Argentine border and the river Palaleo, from the outflow of Dial lake, located some 70 km upstream from the joining of the two rivers.
 The Guaiquivilo flows northwardly along a typical interandean longitudinal valley.
The Province of Toronto is an urban secession proposal to split the city of Toronto and some or all of the Greater Toronto Area (GTA) from the province of Ontario into a new Canadian province.
 Secession of Toronto, the surrounding region, or any other portion of the province from Ontario to create a new province would require an amendment to the Constitution of Canada.
The Seti Gandaki River, also known as the Seti River or the Seti Khola, is a river of western Nepal, a left tributary of the Trishuli River.
 It is one of the holiest rivers of Nepal, worshipped in Hinduism as a form of Vishnu.
 The river is also famous because it is close to some Holy places and is the central point of many stories of Hindu mythology, such as the Mahabharata, one of longest books of Hinduism, written by Vyasa, who was born near the confluence of the Gandaki and Madi rivers near Damauli, Tanahun, Nepal.
 Gandaki River .
 It rises from the base of the Annapurna massif, and flows south and south-east past Pokhara and Damauli to join the Trishuli River near Devghat.
Shediac Bridge-Shediac River is a local service district in the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
 The small local service district is located in Shediac Parish in Westmorland County, New Brunswick, surrounding the shores of the Shediac River near Shediac Island.
The Bow River is a river in the Canadian province of Alberta.
 It begins in the Rocky Mountains and winds through the Alberta foothills onto the prairies where it meets the Oldman River, the two then forming the South Saskatchewan River.
 These waters ultimately flow through the Nelson River into Hudson Bay.
 The Bow River runs through the city of Calgary, taking in the Elbow River at the historic site of Fort Calgary near downtown.
 The Bow River pathway, developed along the river's banks, is considered a part of Calgary's self-image.
The Nicola River , originally French Rivière de Nicholas or Rivière de Nicolas, adapted to Nicolas River, Nicola's River in English, is one of the major tributaries of the Thompson River in the Canadian province of British Columbia, entering the latter at the town of Spences Bridge.
 It is named for Nicola (Hwistesmexteqen) the most famous chief of the joint community of Nlaka'pamux and Okanagan bands, founded by his father and today known as the Nicolas, (originally Nicola's people), as well is its basin, which is known as the Nicola Country.
 It drains most of the northern Thompson Plateau, beginning near the very eastern edge of the plateau only 30 km northwest of Kelowna, and flows from there more or less westward to feed Douglas and Nicola Lakes, with about 15 km of the river's length between those two lakes.
 Nicola Lake at 20 km long is the largest in the basin; the Nicola River enters at 3/4 way of its length up from its outlet, 10 km downstream from which is Nicola Valley centre and Coquihalla Highway town of Merritt.
 From there the river flows 60 km northwest to the Thompson, and is followed on that route by British Columbia Highway 8 and a spur line of the Canadian Pacific Railway.
Erin Wall (born 4 November 1975 Calgary, Alberta to American parents) is a Canadian operatic soprano.
Cannabis in British Columbia (BC) relates to a number of legislative, legal, and cultural events surrounding use and cultivation of cannabis in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Though the drug is illegal in Canada (with exceptions for medical uses), its recreational use is often tolerated and is more commonplace in the province of BC as compared to most of the rest of the country.
 The province's inexpensive hydroelectric power and abundance of water and sunshine—in addition to the many hills and forests (which aid stealth outdoor growing)—make it an ideal cannabis growing area.
 The British Columbia cannabis industry is worth an estimated CAD6 billion annually, and produces 40 percent of all Canadian cannabis, making cannabis among the most valuable cash crops in the province.
 The province is also the home of the cannabis activist and businessman Marc Emery.
