Bucketty is a locality in the City of Cessnock local government area (LGA), in New South Wales, Australia.
 It is in the south of the LGA, immediately adjacent to the border with the City of Hawkesbury and Central Coast Council, in the Lower Hunter Region, about 105 km north of Sydney, and 55 km from Cessnock, New South Wales, the council seat.
 Bucketty is presumably the Aboriginal word for "mountain spring".
Hunter TAFE, formerly known as the Hunter Institute of Technology, is part of the TAFE NSW network.
 The Institute has 15 campuses and is Australia's largest regional provider of vocational education and training spanning the Hunter and Central Coast regions of New South Wales.
 It enrols approximately 60,000 students annually.
 Newcastle, 160 km north of Sydney, is the major city of the Hunter Region where five of the fifteen campuses are located.
 It is the second largest city in New South Wales, Australia.
 The Hunter region is Australia's largest regional economy, due to the rapid mining and agricultural expansion.
Gillieston Heights is a suburb of the City of Maitland local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia, approximately 5.1 km from the Maitland CBD.
 Prior to 1967, the village was named East Greta however this was changed to honour former Maitland mayor and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly John Gillies following a poll of residents.
 At the 2011 census, Gillieston Heights had a population of 1,372.
Niagara Park is a suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia 6 km north of Gosford's central business district.
 It is part of the Central Coast Council local government area.
 It consists of residential housing as well as acreage blocks and small farms with many houses backing onto natural bushland and reserves.
 It is close to the M1 and is 20 minutes from Shelly Beach.
 A peaceful community with rural aspects and a large technology driven primary school, Niagara Park is ideal for families with young children.
Shelly Beach (also known as Shelley Beach ) is a beach located in Manly, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
 It is adjacent to North Head and Fairy Bower.
 Shelly Beach is a western facing beach on the eastern coast of Australia.
Mount View, New South Wales is a rural locality located in the Hunter Region wine region in New South Wales Australia.
 It is located Between Cessnock and Wollombi and is a part of the City of Cessnock local government area.
 It has ideal climate, soil, and temperature for viticultural pursuits, which have been practiced here since the mid-19th century.
 The road from Cessnock to Mount View provides access to the Great North Walk, and to lookouts with excellent views of the Hunter Region.
Grahamstown Dam is a major off-stream earthfill Embankment dam with a controlled labyrinth spillway and baffle chute that stores water from the Williams River.
 The dam is located north of Newcastle and within the Port Stephens Council local government area in the Lower Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The dam's main purpose is water supply; it provides about 40 per cent of the potable water for the Hunter region; and is the Hunter's largest drinking water supply dam.
Yanco Agricultural High School is a co-educational agricultural secondary school located in Yanco in the local government area of Leeton in south western New South Wales.
 The school is one of four agricultural high schools in New South Wales which include Farrer Memorial Agricultural High School in Tamworth in northern New South Wales, James Ruse Agricultural High School in western Sydney and Hurlstone Agricultural High School in south-western Sydney.
 The school was officially opened in March 1922 and is the only residential boarding school in New South Wales to have no day students.
 The school serves the south of New South Wales and Victoria with the other schools serving the other regions of the state.
 Yanco Agricultural High School is located approximately 10 kilometres from the Leeton CBD along Euroley Road.
The Unincorporated Far West Region is an unincorporated area in the Far West region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The area is one of only two areas in New South Wales that are not part of any local government area (the other is Lord Howe Island).
 The region includes several small towns including Tibooburra, Milparinka and Silverton.
 Silverton and Tibooburra have village councils.
 The region surrounds Broken Hill, but does not include it, which is in the separate City of Broken Hill local government area.
Shelly Beach is a coastal suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia, located east of Tuggerah Lake and bordering the Pacific Ocean south of The Entrance.
 It is part of the Central Coast Council local government area.
 It is 66 km south of Newcastle & 93 km north of Sydney.
 Shelly Beach is considered one of the most popular surfing beaches on the Central Coast.
