The bus chassis of the International S-Series is a cowled bus chassis (conventional style) that was produced by International Harvester (later Navistar International) from 1979 to 2004.
 Produced primarily for school bus applications, the S-Series/3800 bus chassis was used for other uses, including commercial-use buses, cutaway-cab buses.
 In addition, the chassis formed the basis for front-engine and rear-engine stripped chassis produced for bus applications.
The International Harvester L-Series was introduced by International Harvester in fall 1949 as the replacement for the KB-Series and were available as everything from light pickup trucks and delivery vehicles to full-size tractor-trailers.
 Electric wipers, a radio, and a clock were optional.
 International would continue to produce the line until 1952 when it was replaced by the R Series.
The Farmall M, produced by International Harvester under the Farmall brand from 1939 to 1952, is a row crop tractor.
 The M was the largest of International Harvester's row crop tractors during its original production.
 It was the larger of the two prominent row crop tractors produced by IH from the late 1930s to the early 1950s, along with the Farmall H and its variants.
The International Harvester Company (abbreviated first IHC and later IH) (now known as Navistar International Corporation) was a United States manufacturer of agricultural machinery, construction equipment, trucks, and household and commercial products.
 In 1902, J.P. Morgan merged the McCormick Harvesting Machine Company and Deering Harvester Company, along with three smaller agricultural equipment firms, to form International Harvester.
 In 1985, International Harvester sold off most of its agricultural division to Tenneco, Inc., which merged it into its subsidiary J.I. Case under the Case IH brand.
 Following the terms of IH's agreement with Tenneco, International Harvester renamed itself Navistar International Corporation in 1986.
The Carl Bailey Company Building is a historic commercial building at 3100 East Broadway in North Little Rock, Arkansas.
 Built about 1945, it is an International style structure modeled on the International Harvester "Servicenter" design of noted industrial designer Raymond Loewy, one of his few known building designs.
 It has a low front section, originally housing offices and showrooms, and a taller rear section that was used as a service area.
 A prominent brick pylon rises from the front of the building, which was originally adorned with the company name and International Harvester logo.
Further, also known as Furthur, is a 1939 International Harvester school bus purchased by author Ken Kesey in 1964 to carry his "Merry Band of Pranksters" cross-country, filming their counterculture adventures as they went.
 Due to the chaos of the trip and editing difficulties, the footage of their journey was never released as a movie until the 2011 documentary film "Magic Trip" -- although the bus featured prominently in Tom Wolfe's 1968 book "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test".
The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test is a nonfiction book by Tom Wolfe that was published in 1968.
 The book is remembered today as an early – and arguably the most popular – example of the growing literary style called New Journalism.
 Wolfe presents an as-if-firsthand account of the experiences of Ken Kesey and his band of Merry Pranksters, who traveled across the country in a colorfully painted school bus named "Further".
 Kesey and the Pranksters became famous for their use of LSD and other psychedelic drugs in hopes of achieving intersubjectivity.
 The book chronicles the Acid Tests (parties in which LSD-laced Kool-Aid was used to obtain a communal trip), the group's encounters with (in)famous figures of the time, including famous authors, Hells Angels, and The Grateful Dead, and it also describes Kesey's exile to Mexico and his arrests.
The International Harvester C-Series is a series of pickup trucks that were built by International Harvester from 1961 to 1968.
 They succeeded the earlier B-series range.
The International Harvester S-Series is a range of trucks that was manufactured by International Harvester (later Navistar International) from 1977 to 2001.
 Introduced to consolidate the medium-duty IHC Loadstar and heavy-duty IHC Fleetstar into a single product range, the S-Series was slotted below the Transtar and Paystar Class 8 conventionals.
The Farmall H, produced by International Harvester under the Farmall brand from 1939 to 1953, is a two-plow row crop tractor.
 It was one of the most widely-produced of International Harvester's "letter series", with approximately 390,000 produced over the 14-year run.
 The H is equipped with a 4-cylinder engine with a 152 cuin displacement and a 6-volt electrical system.
 The transmission contains six total gears: five forward and one reverse.
 It was the smaller of the two prominent row crop tractors produced by IH from the late 1930s to the early 1950s, along with the Farmall M and its variants.
