Right Whale Bay is a bay 1.5 miles (2.4 km) wide, entered between Craigie Point and Nameless Point along the north coast of South Georgia.
 The name dates back to at least 1922 and is now well established.
 The right whale is a species of whale found in this area – South Georgia was famous for its whaling.
 It is linked to Morsa Bay by Ernesto Pass.
The pygmy right whale ("Caperea marginata") is a member of the cetotheres, a family of baleen whales, which until 2012 were thought to be extinct; previously "C. marginata" was considered the sole member of the family Neobalaenidae.
 First described by John Edward Gray in 1846, it is the smallest of the baleen whales, ranging between 6 and in length and 3000 and in mass.
 Despite its name, the pygmy right whale may have more in common with the gray whale and rorquals than the bowhead and right whales.
Right whales are three species of large baleen whales of the genus Eubalaena: the North Atlantic right whale ("E. glacialis"), the North Pacific right whale ("E. japonica") and the Southern right whale ("E. australis").
 They are classified in the family Balaenidae with the bowhead whale.
 Right whales have rotund bodies with arching rostrums, V-shaped blowholes and dark gray or black skin.
 The most distinguishing feature of a right whale is the rough patches of skin on its head which appear white due to parasitism by whale lice.
 Right whales can grow up to more than 18 m long with the maximum record of 19.8 m and weigh up to 100 ST or more; 20.7 m with 135000 kg or 21.3 m with uncertainty, being significantly larger than other coastal species such as humpbacks, grays, or eden's and omura's, but smaller than blues.
 One (apocryphal) explanation for their name is that right whales were named by whalers who identified them as the "right" whale to kill on a hunt due to the plentiful oil and baleen they could provide.
The southern right whale dolphin ("Lissodelphis peronii") is a small and slender species of mammal found in cool waters of the Southern Hemisphere.
 The dolphin is one of two species of right whale dolphin; "Lissodelphis", the other, the northern right whale dolphin, is found in deep oceans of the Northern Hemisphere.
Balaenidae is a family of whales of the parvorder Mysticeti that contains two living genera.
 Historically, it is known as the right whale family, as it was thought to contain only species of right whales. Through most of the 20th Century, however, that became a much-debated (and unresolved) topic amongst the scientific community.
 Finally, in the early 2000s, science reached a definitive conclusion: the bowhead whale, once commonly known as the Greenland right whale, was not in fact a right whale.
 The family of Balaenids, therefore, comprises the right whales (genus "Eubalaena"), and in a genus all to its own, the very closely related bowhead whale (genus "Balaena").
The North Atlantic right whale ("Eubalaena glacialis", which means "good, or true, whale of the ice") is a baleen whale, one of three right whale species belonging to the genus "Eubalaena", all of which were formerly classified as a single species.
 Because of their docile nature, their slow surface-skimming feeding behaviors, their tendencies to stay close to the coast, and their high blubber content (which makes them float when they are killed, and which produced high yields of whale oil), right whales were once a preferred target for whalers.
Hermanus (originally called "Hermanuspietersfontein", but shortened in 1902 as the name was too long for the postal service ), is a town on the southern coast of the Western Cape province of South Africa.
 It is famous for southern right whale watching during the southern winter and spring and is a popular retirement location.
 The whales can be seen from the cliffs in the town centre as early as June and usually depart in early-December.
 They were once hunted in the nearby town of Betty's Bay, but are now protected to ensure the survival of the species.
 The Old Harbour Museum contains several exhibitions that explain the whaling industry, and the De Wetshuis Photo Museum houses an exhibition of photos by T. D. Ravenscroft that depicts the history of Hermanus.
 The Whale Museum houses a skeleton of a whale and shows an audio-visual presentation of whales and dolphins twice daily.
Whaling in New Zealand dates back to the late 18th century, and ended in 1964 since it was no longer economic.
 Nineteenth-century whaling was based on the southern right whale, and 20th-century whaling on the humpback whale.
 There is now an established industry for whale watching based in the South Island town of Kaikoura.
Right whale dolphins are cetaceans belonging to the genus Lissodelphis.
 It contains the northern right whale dolphin ("Lissodelphis borealis") and the southern right whale dolphin ("Lissodelphis peronii").
 These cetaceans are predominantly black, white beneath, and one of the few without a dorsal fin or ridge.
 They are smaller members of the delphinid family, oceanic dolphins, and very slender.
 Despite scientists being long acquainted with the species (the Northern species was identified by Peale in 1848 and the Southern by La Cépède in 1804), little is known about them in terms of life history and behaviour.
The Basques were among the first to catch whales commercially, and dominated the trade for five centuries, spreading to the far corners of the North Atlantic and even reaching the South Atlantic.
 The French explorer Samuel de Champlain, when writing about Basque whaling in Terranova (i.e. Newfoundland), described them "as the cleverest men at this fishing".
 By the early 17th century, other nations entered the trade in earnest, seeking the Basques as tutors, "for [they] were then the only people who understand whaling", lamented the English explorer Jonas Poole.
 Having learned the trade themselves, other nations adopted their techniques and soon dominated the burgeoning industry – often to the exclusion of their former instructors.
 Basque whaling peaked in the late 16th and early 17th centuries, but was in decline by the late 17th and early 18th centuries.
 By the 19th century, it was moribund as the right whale was nearly extinct and the bowhead whale was decimated.
