This Week in Photography (TWiP) is a weekly photography podcast.
 TWiP recorded its first show at the 2008 MacWorld Expo, launching on January 28, 2008, and is consistently ranked as the #1 photography podcast on iTunes.
 The show is co-hosted by Frederick Van Johnson and Alex Lindsay with contributors Scott Bourne, Ron Brinkmann, Frederick Johnson, and Steve Simon.
 In addition to the contributors, the show features regular guest contributors including photographers Nicole Young and Sara France.
 Originally Bourne and Lindsay co-hosted the show, then Johnson, who previously had been a contributor to the show, replaced Bourne.
 The show is produced by Aaron Mahler, who also appears frequently as a guest.
 The podcast is available either through iTunes, Zune Marketplace or at PixelCorps.tv.
"Floyd" is the of the fourth season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 74th overall episode of the series.
 It was written by series producer Paula Pell, and directed by Millicent Shelton.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) network in the United States on March 25, 2010.
 Cheyenne Jackson, Kristin McGee, and Jason Sudeikis guest star in this episode, and there are cameo appearances by Kathie Lee Gifford, Lester Holt, Hoda Kotb, and Meredith Vieira.
Saving Forever is an American pop rock band from South Chicago, Illinois made up of brothers Khaden (born 2004), Kye (born 2002) and Kavah Harris (born 2001).
 The trio released "Twenty 1" followed by the single "Million Ways" in 2017 accompanied by a music video.
 The sibling band comes from a very musical family.
 It was picked as Elvis Duran's Artist of the Month and was featured on NBC's "Today" show hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb and broadcast nationally where they performed live their single "Million Ways".
Hoda Kotb ( ; Arabic: هدى قطب‎ ‎  "Hudā Quṭb" ] , born August 9, 1964) is an American television news anchor and TV host known as the co-host of NBC's "Today Show"' s fourth hour with Kathie Lee Gifford.
 An Egyptian American, she won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2010 as part of the "Today Show" team.
 Kotb is also a correspondent for "Dateline NBC".
Bobbie Thomas is the Style Editor for NBC's Today Show.
 She has been considered a beauty and fashion expert for over a decade, and has appeared on TV shows including E! Red Carpet coverage, Style Network's Fashion Police, The View and Wendy Williams.
 Her national column, "the Buzz" appeared in In Touch Weekly Magazine.
 Now, "Bobbie's Buzz" airs weekly on TODAY with Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb.
Fantasy is a combination American game show and human interest show co-hosted by Peter Marshall and Leslie Uggams, with Chris Lemmon and Meredith MacRae as remote correspondents.
 Bill Armstrong announced the show, with substitutes from Johnny Gilbert and Charlie Tuna.
 Tuna replaced Armstrong about midway through the series' run.
 It aired on NBC from September 13, 1982 to October 28, 1983, and was videotaped at the network's studios in Burbank, California.
After School Club, often shortened to ASC, is a South Korean internet-based live-music request television talk show co-hosted by Kevin Woo, Park Jimin, and Jae.
 K-pop idols Jang Han-byul and Eric Nam were the original main hosts of the show, and departed in January 2014 and April 2016, respectively.
 Debuting on April 17, 2013, it is produced by Lee Hyun-ah and airs on Arirang TV.
 ASC features various musical guests of South Korea and the series is directed at an international audience so the principal language is English with Korean subtitles and translations produced on air.
 It allows international fans of K-pop music to interact directly with the live shows through social media: fans can join in on the live broadcasts through video chats in Google Hangouts, send in tweets to the show's official Twitter account, and are also able to share comments, ask questions, and request music videos on the show's official Facebook account.
 The show is also available on Viki (website), a community for subtitles, Soompi, and on DramaFever.
Martha Stewart Living Radio was a 24-hour satellite radio station on Sirius Satellite Radio channel 110 produced by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia.
 The station aired a variety of programming hosted by the company's team of experts, covering topics related to the domestic arts, including day and date reruns of the company's flagship television program "Martha".
 In addition, Martha Stewart Living Radio also aired a weekday-evening talk show co-hosted by Martha Stewart's daughter Alexis Stewart, "Whatever with Alexis and Jennifer."
Brian Balthazar is a TV personality and the executive producer and developer of several programs on broadcast and cable television.
 He has frequently appeared on television as the editor of the website POPgoesTheWeek.com on The Wendy Williams Show, The Today Show on NBC, VH1, CNN, TV Guide Network and Showbiz Tonight on HLN.
 He has also hosted specials for HGTV.
 In summer of 2014 he became co-executive producer of ABC's The View.
 As a television executive and producer, he was HGTV's network executive overseeing the popular series House Hunters and launched the fourth hour of the TODAY Show on NBC with Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb
SL Records is a record label based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
 It was founded in 1997 and is known for releasing anti-folk, alternative rock, and indie pop albums.
 The label's first release was the compilation album "It's a Life Sentence", which was released in May 1997.
 The album compiled tracks by different artists who had performed live on a radio show co-hosted by Ed Pybus, who later became the label's founder.
 Pybus started the label soon after graduating from university; "SL" in the label's name stands for "student loans".
 The label came to greater attention after its first single, Khaya's "Summer/Winter Song," was played on air by multiple British radio hosts, including John Peel.
