"Ben" (often referred to as "Ben's Song"), is a song written by Don Black and composed by Walter Scharf for the 1972 film of the same name (the sequel to the 1971 killer rat film "Willard").
 It was performed in the film by Lee Montgomery and by Michael Jackson over the closing credits.
 Jackson's single, recorded for the Motown label in 1972, spent one week at the top of the U.S. pop chart. "
Billboard" ranked it as the No. 20 song for 1972.
 It also reached number one on the Australian pop chart, spending eight weeks at the top spot.
 The song also later reached a peak of number seven on the British pop chart.
"Keeper of the Castle" is a song recorded and released by American singing group the Four Tops, notable as the first hit the group scored on the ABC-Dunhill label after leaving Motown in 1972.
 The song, a social commentary on men's roles in relationships, was co-written by Dennis Lambert, who also produced the song and other songs off their album of the same name.
 Upon its release, the single peaked at number ten on the US pop chart and number seven on the R&B charts.
 Overseas, "Keeper of the Castle" peaked at number eighteen on the UK pop chart.
American musician DJ Khaled has released ten studio albums, twenty six singles and nine featured singles.
 His first album, "Listennn... the Album", was released in 2006. "
We the Best", his second album, was released in 2007 and contains the hits "We Takin' Over", with Akon, T.I., Rick Ross, Fat Joe, Birdman and Lil Wayne, and "I'm So Hood", with T-Pain, Rick Ross, Trick Daddy, and Plies.
 The two songs peaked at number 28 and number 19 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and are platinum songs, and "We the Best" peaked at number eight on the US "Billboard" 200.
 His next album, "We Global", from 2008, peaked at number seven on the albums chart and has the song "Out Here Grindin'", featuring Akon, Rick Ross, Plies, Lil Boosie, Ace Hood, and Trick Daddy. "
All I Do is Win" had peaked at number 24 on the Hot 100 as "Victory"'s third single, and was certified double platinum by the RIAA.
 Released in 2011 was "We the Best Forever", containing the top 10 song "I'm On One", with Drake, Rick Ross and Lil Wayne.
 The album hit number five on the "Billboard" 200.
"On Our Own" is a song by Bobby Brown recorded in April 1989 and released the following month as a single from the "Ghostbusters II" soundtrack.
 It peaked at number one on the U.S. "Billboard" R&B chart for one week.
 It peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart for three weeks, kept from the top spot by a combination of Prince's "Batdance" and Richard Marx's "Right Here Waiting".
 It reached number four on the UK Singles Chart.
 The song appears in the next-gen versions of "Grand Theft Auto V" on Non-Stop Pop FM.
"I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas" is a Christmas novelty song written by John Rox (1902–1957) and performed by Gayla Peevey (10 years old at the time) in 1953.
 The song peaked at number 24 on "Billboard" magazine's pop chart in December 1953.
"A Song of Joy" ("Himno de la alegría") is the title of a popular rock song by the Spanish singer and actor Miguel Ríos.
 The song is set to the tune the Ninth Symphony by Ludwig van Beethoven, as arranged by Waldo de los Rios, who specialized in arranging classical music to contemporary rhythms.
 The single was enormously popular in many countries in 1970 (see 1970 in music), reaching number one on music charts in Australia, Canada, Germany, Switzerland, and the Easy Listening chart in the United States.
 On the U.S. pop chart, the song peaked at number 14 and was the only Top 40 hit for Ríos.
 In the United Kingdom, the song reached number 16 on the British pop chart.
 In Germany, the song is the most successful pop hymn ever.
Mirage is the 13th studio album by British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac, released on June 18, 1982.
 This studio effort's soft rock sound stood in stark contrast to its more experimental predecessor, 1979's "Tusk".
 "Mirage" yielded several hit singles: "Hold Me" (which peaked at #4 on the US "Billboard" Pop Chart, remaining there for seven weeks), "Gypsy" (#12 US Pop Chart), "Love in Store" (#22 US Pop Chart), "Oh Diane" (which reached #9 in the UK), and "Can't Go Back" (issued on 7" and 12" in the UK).
"The Happening" is a 1967 song recorded by Motown artists The Supremes.
 The song served as the theme song of the 1967 Columbia Pictures film "The Happening", and was released as a single by Motown at the time of the film's release that spring.
 While the movie flopped, the song peaked at number-one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop singles chart in May, becoming The Supremes' tenth number-one single in the United States, peaking in the top 10 on the UK Pop Chart at number six, and in the top 5 in the Australian Pop Chart and in the Dutch Pop Chart.
"Back 2 Good" is a song by Matchbox 20, released as the fifth single from their multi-platinum debut album "Yourself or Someone Like You".
 This song would prove to be their biggest hit song on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart from "Yourself or Someone Like You", peaking at number 24 in 1998 since their more successful prior hits, "Push" and "3 a.m." failed to hit the Hot 100 and only peaked on the Hot 100 Airplay chart and "Real World" barely made the top 40 on the Hot 100 at number 38.
 The song was not successful on the rock charts as it failed to chart on any because the song was considered too light for both rock and alternative radio stations with the song only having success on both pop and adult contemporary stations.
 The song was written by lead singer Rob Thomas and producer Matt Serletic, and is about a romantic relationship that seems to have reached its end, much to the chagrin of the singer.
"Waterloo" was a number-one hit for country singer Stonewall Jackson in 1959.
 It was written by John D. Loudermilk and Marijohn Wilkin.
 The single was the most successful of Jackson's career, spending five weeks at number one on the U.S. country music chart.
 The B-side of "Waterloo", "Smoke Along the Track", reached number 24 on the country chart.
 "Waterloo" was also Jackson's only Top 40 hit, where it stayed on the chart for 16 weeks, peaking at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart.
