Staying Power is the twentieth and final studio album by American R&B singer Barry White, released on July 27, 1999.
 The album was White's first release for five years, and his only recording for the Private Music label, with whom he had signed following a four-album deal with A&M which had culminated in 1994 with the acclaimed "The Icon Is Love", his most successful album since the 1970s.
Weathermaker Music is the record label owned by the American rock band Clutch and their manager Jack Flanagan.
 Weathermaker Music LLC was formed in June 2008.
 Weathermaker Music was mostly known to work with Clutch and their side project, the psychedelic jazz-rock alter ego The Bakerton Group.
 In 2012 Weathermaker signed and released product by The Company Band, and The Mob.
 Both groups include Weathermaker Music principal owners.
 On March 19th, 2013 Weathermaker Music released the Clutch record ” Earth Rocker” on CD and vinyl.
 At the end of 2013 Weathermaker Music released “Earth Rocker Live” which is a double 12 inch vinyl picture disc version of the “Earth Rocker” studio release on one LP, and the same track listing recorded live from various cities on their 2013 USA tour on the second LP.
 In 2013 Weathermaker Music signed Deep Swell, featuring Clutch member Tim Sult on guitar.
 Their record, “Lore of the Angler” was released October 15th, 2013.
 Weathermaker Music signed the Maryland-based group Lionize in 2013 as well.
 Entitled “Jetpack Soundtrack”, this Lionize record was released on February 18th, 2014 in North America, April 11th, 2014 in Europe, and February 14th, 2014 in the UK.
 The Lionize signing marks the label’s first signing of an independent artist to Weathermaker Music.
Christian Webster (born October 13, 1988), better known by his stage name Chris Webby, is an American rapper from Norwalk, Connecticut.
 Chris Webby has released many mixtapes such as the DJ Drama-hosted "Bars On Me" (2012) and his EP "There Goes the Neighborhood" (2011), which peaked at number 101 on the "Billboard" 200.
 He has worked with various artists such as Freeway, Mac Miller, Joell Ortiz, Big K.R.I.T., Method Man, Prodigy, Gatzby, Bun B, Tech N9ne, and Kid Ink.
 In 2013 he and his label Homegrown Music signed a deal with E1 Music.
 He then released "Homegrown", another EP, in November 2012.
 Webster released his debut studio album "Chemically Imbalanced" on October 27, 2014.
The Private Years is a box set released by Private Music in 1999.
 It features five of Yanni's albums for Private Music: "Reflections of Passion", "In Celebration of Life", "Dare to Dream", "In My Time", and "Live at the Acropolis", as well as the DVD of his concert film, "Live at the Acropolis".
The Brilliance, stylized as the BRILLIANCE, are an American worship music duo of David Gungor and John Arndt.
 They come from various locations in the United States.
 The band started making music in 2010.
 Integrity Music signed the band. "
Brother" is the first studio album by The Brilliance.
 This charted on the "Billboard" Christian Albums chart.
Black Cat Music is a punk rock band from San Francisco Bay Area, California.
 They were formed in the summer of 1998 by former members of bands such as The Criminals and the Receivers.
 The music combined elements of punk & rock and roll with dark, poetic lyrics.
 After its formation, Black Cat Music released an EP & first full-length record on Cheetah's records.
 Soon thereafter, Black Cat Music signed to Lookout!
 Records.
 The band played live shows up and down the west coast, and on several national tours.
 In 2004, the band released a video for the song "the Jet Trash", directed by Vincent Haycock.
Hammock Music, based in Nashville, Tennessee, is the label imprint owned and operated by the band Hammock.
 The label is distributed by Redeye Worldwide.
 In 2015, Hammock Music signed Slow Meadow, an ambient music project by Matt Kidd, to their label imprint.
 Hammock Music released Slow Meadow's self-titled debut in August 2015.
Homemade Jamz Blues Band is an American, Tupelo, Mississippi-based blues trio, consisting of siblings Ryan (vocal and guitar), Kyle (bass) and Taya (drums) Perry.
 In December 2007, the trio made music history as the youngest blues band to achieve a record deal: the Toronto-based NorthernBlues Music signed the band when Ryan was aged 16, Kyle was 14 and Taya was 9.
 Their debut album, "Pay Me No Mind," was released in June 2008.
Private Music was an American independent record label founded in 1984 by musician Peter Baumann as a "home for instrumental music."
 Baumann signed Yanni, Suzanne Ciani, Andy Summers, Patrick O'Hearn, Leo Kottke, and his former bandmates, Tangerine Dream.
 The label specialized in new-age music, but made a sharp turn to the mainstream, with signings of Taj Mahal, Ringo Starr, Etta James, and A. J. Croce.
 Its releases were distributed by then-emerging BMG (the label's earliest recordings having been distributed by RCA), which bought Private Music in 1996.
Interstate is an LA-based electronic music production duo made up of Mike Burns (born 1972 in Miami Beach) and Mark Lewis (born in South London).
 The production pair became known to fans and the industry back in 2005 when Armin Van Buuren's Netherlands based record label Armada Music signed them to a 3 track deal.
 Their breakthrough single "I Found U" was later featured on Paul Oakenfold's Grammy nominated Creamfields compilation.
 They have had releases on Paul Van Dyk's Vandit Records as well as System Recordings in the US.
