Elizabeth White (born 5 November 1979) is an English actress born in Rotherham, South Yorkshire.
 She is best known for her role as Annie Cartwright in the two series of the BBC speculative fiction drama "Life on Mars", which was originally transmitted in 2006 and 2007.
 She was trained at the Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts, appearing in the 2003 TV series "Teachers" and the 2004 Mike Leigh's film "Vera Drake".
Diane Keen (born 29 July 1946) is an English actress, who starred in the British TV drama "Doctors" in which she played Julia Parsons from 2003-2012.
 She is also known for starring in the 1970s comedy series "The Cuckoo Waltz" and "Rings on Their Fingers", and for her many appearances in Nescafé coffee advertisements during the 1970s and 1980s.
Richard Crispin Armitage (born 22 August 1971) is an English film, television, theatre and voice actor.
 He received notice in the UK with his first leading role as John Thornton in the British television programme "North & South" (2004).
 But it was his role as dwarf prince and leader Thorin Oakenshield in Peter Jackson's film trilogy adaptation of "The Hobbit" that first brought him international recognition.
 Other notable roles include John Proctor in Yaël Farber’s stage production of Arthur Miller's "The Crucible", Francis Dolarhyde in the American TV series "Hannibal", Lucas North in the British TV drama "Spooks", John Porter in the British TV drama "Strike Back", and Guy of Gisborne in the British TV drama "Robin Hood".
 He more recently voiced Trevor Belmont in the Netflix adaptation of "Castlevania".
Lucan was a TV drama starring Kevin Brophy that aired on ABC from 1977 to 1978.
 The series was based on an earlier May 22, 1977 made-for-TV movie of the same name directed by David Greene starring John Randolph and Kevin Brophy, along with Stockard Channing, Ned Beatty and Lou Frizzell.
Michelle Magorian (born 6 November 1947) is an English author of children's books.
 She is best known for her first novel, "Goodnight Mister Tom", which won the 1982 Guardian Prize for British children's books and has been adapted several times for screen or stage.
 Two other well-known works are "Back Home" and "A Little Love Song".
 She now resides in Petersfield, Hampshire, with her two children Tom and George.
Song to the Sun, known in Japan as Taiyō no Uta (タイヨウのうた , Song of the Sun ) , is a movie directed by Norihiro Koizumi starring the Japanese artist and singer Yui.
 In the movie, she plays the role of Kaoru Amane (雨音 薫 "Amane Kaoru"), a 16-year-old girl who has the rare skin condition xeroderma pigmentosum (XP), a disease that makes the ultraviolet radiation of sunlight potentially lethal to her.
 Yui's character is partly based on herself, as she is a singer and guitarist, and she performs three of Yui's songs in the movie; "It's Happy Line", "Good-bye Days" and "Skyline".
 There has been a 2006 Japanese TV drama starring Takayuki Yamada and Erika Sawajiri, a manga by Bandō Kenji and Minatsuki Tsunami, a 2015 Vietnamese / Japanese drama, and a 2017 American remake, all based on the movie.
Jamil Fakhri (1946–2011) was a veteran Pakistani film, TV and stage artist.
 He gained high popularity from Pakistan Television Corporation's TV drama serial Andhera Ujala in (1984-1985) season by playing the character Jaffer Hussain (police inspector).
 In TV drama Andhera Ujala, a high-ranking police officer Qavi Khan and his team of low and middle rank members of police fight crime in their locality in very humorous situations.
Strumpet City is a 1969 historical novel by James Plunkett set in Dublin, Ireland, around the time of the 1913 Dublin Lock-out.
 In 1980, it was adapted into a successful TV drama by Hugh Leonard for RTÉ, Ireland's national broadcaster.
 The novel is an epic, tracing the lives of a dozen characters as they are swept up in the tumultuous events that affected Dublin between 1907 and 1914.
"Something Nice Back Home" is the tenth episode of the American Broadcasting Company's fourth season of the serial drama television series "Lost" and 82nd episode overall.
 It was aired on May 1, 2008, on ABC in the United States and on CTV in Canada.
 The episode was written in February and March by co-executive producers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz and directed in March and April by supervising producer Stephen Williams.
 Critical reviews were mixed and the broadcast of "Something Nice Back Home" brought in 13 million American viewers, one of the smallest audiences for an original episode of "Lost" in the show's history.
Back Home is a children's historical novel by Michelle Magorian, first published in 1984.
 The novel was adapted into a TV drama, "Back Home" (1990), starring Hayley Mills and Haley Carr, and again in 2001 starring Sarah Lancashire, Stephanie Cole and Jessica Fox.
