Gershon Galil is Professor of Biblical Studies and Ancient History and former chair of the Department of Jewish History at the University of Haifa, Mount Carmel, Haifa, Israel.
Jack Wertheimer is a Professor of American Jewish History at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, the flagship yeshiva of Conservative Judaism.
 He is the former Provost of JTS, and was the founding director of the Joseph and Miriam Ratner Center for the Study of Conservative Judaism.
 Wertheimer has written and edited numerous books and articles on the subjects of modern Jewish history, education, and life.
Arnold Richards, M.D., is a psychoanalyst and former editor of "The American Psychoanalyst" and "Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association (JAPA)".
 Richards also is the Training and Supervising Analyst at the New York Psychoanalytic Institute.
 He is the founder and Editor-in-Chief of the International Psychoanalysis.net magazine.
 Richards is a board member and former chair of YIVO.
The Center for Jewish History is a partnership of five Jewish history, scholarship, and art organizations in New York City: American Jewish Historical Society, American Sephardi Federation, Leo Baeck Institute New York, Yeshiva University Museum, and YIVO Institute for Jewish Research.
 Together, housed in one location, the partners have separate governing bodies and finances, but collocate resources.
 The partners' collections make up the biggest repository of Jewish history in the United States.
 The Center for Jewish History serves as a centralized place of scholarly research, events, exhibitions, and performances.
 Located within the Center are the Lillian Goldman Reading Room, Ackman & Ziff Family Genealogy Institute and a Collection Management & Conservation Wing.
 The Center for Jewish History is also an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution.
David N. Myers (born 1960) is the President & CEO of the Center for Jewish History in New York.
 He is also a professor of history at the University of California, Los Angeles, where he holds the Sady and Ludwig Kahn Chair in Jewish History.
 His research focuses on modern Jewish intellectual and cultural history.
Israel Bartal (born October 22, 1946 in Tel Aviv, Israel), is Avraham Harman Professor of Jewish History, and the former Dean of the Faculty of Humanities at Hebrew University (2006–2010).
 Since 2006 he is the chair of the Historical Society of Israel.
 He served as director of the Center for Research on the History and Culture of Polish Jewry, and the academic chairman of the Project of Jewish Studies in Russian at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
 Professor Bartal was the co-director of the Center for Jewish Studies and Civilization at Moscow State University.
 Bartal received his PhD from Hebrew University in 1981.
 He focuses his research on the history of the Jews in Palestine, the Jews of Eastern Europe, the Haskalah Movement, Jewish Orthodoxy and modern Jewish historiography.
Prof. Dr. Hikmet Tanyu (1918 – 1992), from Turkey, was a scientist and college professor of philosophy and history of religions who specialized in Jewish religious history.
 He studied in Israel in the 1970s and wrote a book titled "Jews and Turks throughout History" which examines Jewish history and relations between Jewish and Turkish societies through history.
 This book is considered as the first serious approach to the Jewish history in Turkey.
Moses Rischin (born 1925) is an American Jewish historian, author, lecturer, editor, and emeritus professor of history at San Francisco State University.
 He coined the phrase new Mormon history in a 1969 article of the same name.
 Rischin is from New York City.
 His undergraduate studies were at Brooklyn College.
 Harvard University awarded him a PhD in 1957.
 In addition to his professorship, he sits on the board for the "Journal of American Ethnic History" and on the council of the American Jewish History Society.
 There is an annual lecture given in his honor at the Western Jewish History Center, where he is director.
 There is a collection of historical essays published in Rischin's honor, and a supporting character, Meyer Meyer in the 87th Precinct series, may have been partly modeled after him.
Jeffrey S. Gurock is Libby M. Klaperman Professor of Jewish History at Yeshiva University.
 He has written over a dozen books in the field of American Jewish history and also served as associate editor to "American Jewish History", the most important journal in that field, from 1982 to 2002.
 His work focuses on the American Orthodox community and the variations in Orthodox practice and ritual over the course of American Jewish history.
 His books include "Orthodox Jews in America" (Indiana University Press, 2009), a comprehensive social and cultural history of this group and its relations to other Jews and mainstream American society, and "Jews in Gotham" (New York University Press, 2012), which chronicles New York Jewry from 1920 to 2010.
Carole Beth Balin (born 1964) is a Reform Jewish rabbi and professor of Jewish history at Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in New York City.
 Her research interests include Eastern European and American Jewish history, the history of Reform Judaism, and gender studies.
 She received laudatory reviews for her 2003 book "To Reveal Our Hearts: Jewish Women Writers in Tsarist Russia", and has co-edited two other books.
 She is a co-curator of "Bat Mitzvah Comes of Age", a traveling exhibition sponsored by the Smithsonian-affiliated National Museum of American Jewish History and the Moving Traditions Jewish non-profit.
