The Jama masid is a mosque located in Ramgarh Cantonment town in Ramgarh district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
 Located at Chitarpur 16 km away from Ramgarh.
 It has the capacity to accommodate 5000 people to offer their holy namaz.
 It is the biggest mosque of its kind in Jharkhand.
 It is believed that this mosque was built around 1670 on a land donated by the then king of Ramgarh.
 In its present form this mosque resembles the Jama Masjid of Delhi.
 The mosque hold prayer sessions every day.
The Mosque of Abu Dahab is a mosque in Cairo, Egypt just beside Al Azhar Mosque.
 The mosque was built by the Amir Mohamed Beh Abu El Dahab, one of the leaders of Egypt during the rule of the Ottoman Empire.
 It is located in Al Azhar Street, beside the main entrance of the Azhar Mosque and it is the fourth mosque in Egypt to be built according to the Ottoman style of architecture.
 It was originally built as a Madrasa to host the number of students that were coming to study in the Azhar University.
Rathsoon or Rathsun is a village in the Beerwah tehsil of the Budgam district in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
 The village population is over 7,500, being one of the largest in tehsil Beerwah.
 Rathsoon has a shrine of one Sofi Saint Baab Sahab, located on the hill top.
 The neighboring village is Aripanthan, these two villages are separated by River Stream( Nallah) Sukhnag.
 The village is 27 km away from Srinagar.
 The nearest town is Magam, 4.5 km away.
Yakkala is a township located on Colombo-Kandy Highway (A1), 30 km away from Colombo, Sri Lanka.
 It forms part of Gampaha Municipal Council and belongs to Gampaha District, Western Province.
 Its elevation is 30m above MSL.
 Distances from Yakkala to main cities are; 30 km to Colombo(A1), 86 km to Kandy(A1), 4.5 km to Gampaha(A33) and 13 km to Radawana(B479).
Fash Mosque (Arabic: مسجد الفسح‎ ‎ ), or Masjid Uhud is a small mosque beneath the Mount Uhud, under the cave, in Medina, Saudi Arabia.
 There are some accounts of the Islamic prophet Muhammad fulfilling the Zuhr prayer on the day of the Battle of Uhud after the battle.
 Initial construction was already destroyed and there are only few remnants of the east, west and south wall, and the mihrab mujawwaf which is still visible.
 The building is now surrounded by an iron fence to guard its sustainability.
 It is 4.5 km from Al-Masjid an-Nabawi.
Kubelie Mosque is a mosque in Kavajë, Albania.
 A mosque was originally built here under the Ottomans by Kapllan Beu, the Kapllan Pasha Mosque or "Bachelors' Mosque".
 The Old Mosque (Xhamija e Vjetër), stood on the main street of the city, about 70m to the east of the current one.
 Kubelie mosque is described as a "grand, beautiful building, with a dome and a peristyle.
 Marble facades rise under the cypress trees with their Byzantine columns and their Arabian arches."
Burj Pukhta or Burj Pukta (Punjabi: ਬੁਰ੍ਜ ਪੁਖਤਾ ) is a village in Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar District of Punjab State, India.
 It is located 3.3 km away from Nagar, 47.7 km from Jalandhar and 115 km from state capital Chandigarh.
 Burj Pukhta has postal head office in Phillaur which is 4.5 km away from the village.
 The village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per Panchayati raj (India).
Damerdash Mosque (Arabic: مسجد الدمرداش‎ ‎ ) is a historical mosque originally built during the Abbasid era, in Cairo, Egypt.
 It is located near Damerdash Hospital which belongs to the Ain Shams University Faculty of Medicine.
Masjid Al-Ansar, or Al-Ansar Mosque, is a mosque in Singapore that was among the first few to be built under Phase One of the Mosque Building Fund Programme.
 It was completed in 1981 and is located in the Bedok North area, at the junction of Chai Chee Street and Bedok North Avenue 1.
 The mosque originally could accommodate up to 3,500 people at any one time.
 Apart from daily and Friday prayers, the mosque offers madrasah classes during weekdays and weekends.
 It is also one of the few mosques that organizes religious classes in Tamil, and is one of only two mosques in Singapore with a full-time welfare officer.
The Suleymaniye Mosque or the Mosque of Suleiman (Turkish: "Süleymaniye Camii" ) is a mosque originally built after the Ottoman conquest of Rhodes in 1522 and reconstructed in 1808.
 It was named by the Sultan Suleiman to commemorate his conquest of Rhodes.
