The California State Assembly is the lower house of the California State Legislature.
 It consists of 80 members, with each member representing at least 465,000 people.
 Due to the state's large population and relatively small legislature, the State Assembly has the largest population-per-representative ratio of any state lower house and second largest of any legislative lower house in the United States after the federal House of Representatives.
 As a result of Proposition 140 in 1990 and Proposition 28 in 2012, members elected to the legislature prior to 2012 are restricted by term limits to three two-year terms (six years), while those elected in or after 2012 are allowed to serve 12 years in the legislature in any combination of four-year state senate or two-year state assembly terms.
The Hawaiʻi State Senate is the upper chamber of the Hawaii State Legislature.
 The senate consists of twenty-five members elected from an equal number of constituent districts across the islands.
 The senate is led by the President of the Senate, elected from the membership of the body, currently Ron Kouchi.
 The forerunner of the Hawaii State Senate during the government of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻ i was the House of Nobles originated in 1840.
 In 1894 the Constitution of the Republic of Hawaii renamed the upper house the present senate.
 Senators are elected to four-year terms and are not subject to term limits.
 Like most state legislatures in the United States, the Hawaii State Senate is a part-time body and senators often have active careers outside government.
 The lower chamber of the legislature is the Hawaiʻi House of Representatives.
 The membership of the Senate also elects additional officers to include the Senate Vice President, Senate Chief Clerk, Assistant Chief Clerk, Senate Sergeant at Arms and Assistant Sergeant at Arms.
Romeo Munoz Cachola, commonly known as Romy Cachola, is a Democratic politician from the state of Hawaii.
 An emigrant from the Philippines, Cachola became one of the first Filipino Americans to be elected to the Honolulu City Council since statehood in 1959.
 He also was a member of the Hawaii State Legislature and served in the Hawaii State House of Representatives from 1984 to 1992.
The Hawaii House of Representatives is the lower house of the Hawaii State Legislature.
 Pursuant to Article III, Section 3 of the Hawaii Constitution, amended during the 1978 constitutional convention, the House of Representatives consists of 51 members representing an equal amount of districts across the islands.
 It is led by the Speaker of the House elected from the membership of the House, with majority and minority leaders elected from their party's respective caucuses.
 The current Speaker of the House is Scott Saiki.
The Hawaii State Capitol is the official statehouse or capitol building of the U.S. state of Hawaii.
 From its chambers, the executive and legislative branches perform the duties involved in governing the state.
 The Hawaii State Legislature—composed of the twenty-five member Hawaii State Senate led by the President of the Senate and the fifty-one member Hawaii State House of Representatives led by the Speaker of the House—convenes in the building.
 Its principal tenants are the Governor of Hawaii and Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii, as well as all legislative offices and the Legislative Reference Bureau.
The Nebraska House of Representatives was the lower house of the Nebraska Legislature from 1867 until 1936.
 In 1934, Nebraska voters amended the state constitution to reconfigure the Nebraska State Legislature to a unicameral system—this system became effective for the 1937 legislative session.
 Beginning as a territorial lower house in 1854, it had 26 members; this number was raised to 39 members at the time of the first state constitution's promulgation in 1866, and the second state constitution in 1875 limited membership in the House at 100 members, a limit which would be filled by 1881.
 The last representatives were elected to a two-year term in 1934 and began their service with the final House of Representatives session in 1935.
The Arizona State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Arizona.
 It is a bicameral legislature that consists of a lower house, the House of Representatives, and an upper house, the Senate.
 Composed of 90 legislators, the state legislature meets in the Capitol Complex in the state capital of Phoenix, Arizona.
 Created by the Arizona Constitution upon statehood in 1912, the Arizona State Legislature met biennially until 1950.
 Today, they meet annually.
The Hawaii State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Hawaii.
 The state legislature is a bicameral body consisting of a lower house, the Hawaii State House of Representatives, with 51 representatives, and an upper house, the 25-member Hawaii State Senate.
 There are a total of 76 representatives in the legislature, each representing single member districts across the islands.
 The powers of the legislature are granted under Article III of the Constitution of Hawaii.
The Nevada Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Nevada.
 The Legislature is a bicameral body, consisting of the lower house Nevada Assembly, with 42 members, and the upper house Nevada Senate, with 21 members.
 All 63 members of the Legislature are elected from an equal amount of constituent districts across the state.
 The Legislature is the third smallest bicameral state legislature in the United States (the Alaska Legislature is the smallest bicameral, with only 60 members and the Delaware General Assembly has 62 members).
The West Virginia Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 A bicameral legislative body, the Legislature is split between the upper Senate and the lower House of Delegates.
 It was established under Article VI of the West Virginia Constitution following the state's split from Virginia during the American Civil War in 1863.
 As with its neighbor and former constituent Virginia General Assembly, the legislature's lower house is also referred to as a "House of Delegates."
