Kyle Loveless is a Republican politician from Oklahoma and a former member of the Oklahoma Senate.
 Loveless represented the 45th district, which included parts of Oklahoma City.
 He was elected to the Senate in 2012, replacing Steve Russell, and was reelected in 2016; Loveless ran unopposed in both races.
 In 2017, Loveless resigned while under criminal investigation for embezzling campaign funds; he pled guilty to three felony charges later in the year.
Lisa McPherson (February 10, 1959 – December 5, 1995) was an American member of the Church of Scientology who died of a pulmonary embolism while under the care of the Church of Scientology Flag Service Organization, Inc. Following the report of the state of Florida's medical examiner that indicated that Lisa was a victim of negligent homicide, the Church of Scientology was indicted on two felony charges, "abuse and/or neglect of a disabled adult" and "practicing medicine without a license."
 The charges against the Church of Scientology were dropped after the state's medical examiner changed the cause of death from "undetermined" to an "accident" on June 13, 2000.
 A civil suit brought by her family against the Church was settled on May 28, 2004.
Chamoy Thipyaso was the wife of a high ranking member of the Royal Thai Air Force and an employee of the Petroleum Authority of Thailand.
 She is known for receiving the world's longest prison sentence for her involvement in a pyramid scheme that defrauded more than 16,000 Thais and is estimated to have been worth between $200–300 million.
Manlio Vitale (born 22 May 1949 in Rome) is an Italian criminal and high ranking member of the Banda della Magliana, an Italian criminal organization based in the city of Rome.
 He is known as ""Er Gnappa"", which is Romanesco for "short person".
Andrew Sadek (born November 22, 1993; believed to have died shortly after disappearing May 1, 2014), was a 20-year-old student at the North Dakota State College of Science (NDSCS) in Wahpeton, North Dakota, United States.
 Following an arrest in 2013 for felony charges of selling marijuana that could have led to a long prison sentence, he agreed to work as a confidential informant (CI) for a local multi-jurisdictional law enforcement task force in exchange for having the charges dropped.
 Under police supervision, he bought more marijuana from other dealers around the NDSCS campus.
Jeffrey Keith "Jeff" Skilling (born November 25, 1953) is the former CEO of Enron Corporation.
 In 2006, he was convicted of federal felony charges relating to Enron's collapse and is currently serving 14 years of a 24-year, four-month prison sentence at the Federal Prison Camp (FPC) – Montgomery in Montgomery, Alabama.
 The Supreme Court of the United States heard arguments in the appeal of the case March 1, 2010.
 On June 24, 2010, the Supreme Court vacated part of Skilling's conviction and transferred the case back to the lower court for resentencing.
 During April 2011, a three-judge 5th Circuit Court of Appeals panel ruled that the verdict would have been the same despite the legal issues being discussed, and Skilling's conviction was confirmed; however, the court ruled Skilling should be resentenced.
 Skilling appealed this new decision to the Supreme Court, but the appeal was denied.
 In 2013, the United States Department of Justice reached a deal with Skilling, which resulted in ten years being cut from his sentence.
Michael Weeden is a Republican former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, serving the Strafford 6th District from 2010 to 2012.
 He was at the time the second youngest member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
 In 2010 he was the highest vote-getter in the Strafford County District 6 race.
 In 2011 he beat out incumbent Gina Cruikshank to become Dover's Ward 6 city councilor.
 In November 2013, he was defeated in his reelection bid by Jason Gagnon.
 On December 2, 2013, Weeden admittedly caused a motor vehicle accident that killed an 87-year-old man.
 According to police reports, Weeden's vehicle crossed the center lane while he was purportedly putting on his seatbelt.
 Former City Councilor Michael Weeden has been indicted on 3 felony charges of aggravated felonious sexual assault (anal rape or sodomy), allegedly involving a firearm, stemming from an incident in Dover involving his former girlfriend, according to law enforcement authorities, on May 18, 2014.
 On December 3, 2014 Weeden was found Not Guilty of Aggravated Felonious Sexual Assault.
 On Feb. 18th, 2015, Weeden was found guilty of Criminal Threatening, a Class A Felony.
 He faced up to 20 years in prison and a $4,000 fine.
 On July 8, Weeden was sentenced to 1 year in jail, with 3 years probation following, for the Criminal Threatening Felony conviction.
 Weeden was formerly a student at the University of New Hampshire.
Steven Mazzone (born 1964) is an American mobster believed to be a high ranking member of the Philadelphia crime family.
 Mazzone's rise in power through the Philadelphia underworld began as a protege of former boss turned informant, Ralph Natale.
 After the family was decimated by prosecutions during the Nicodemo Scarfo and John Stanfa eras, Natale was released from prison in 1994 and shortly thereafter became the new boss of the crime family.
 Natale partnered with the "Young Turks" faction that was one of the few remnants left of the Philadelphia crime family, and their leader, Joseph "Skinny Joey" Merlino.
 After Natale assumed the top position as boss, he positioned Merlino as underboss and Ronald Turchi as the consigliere in the new hierarchy.
 This administration is still in question to this day, as many now believe that Merlino was running the family behind the scenes, letting Natale have the boss position to deter law enforcement from himself.
United States v. Vampire Nation, 451 F.3d 189, is a 2006 decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit regarding the Federal Sentencing Guidelines and asset forfeiture.
 A three-judge panel unanimously affirmed the conviction and sentence of Frederick Banks, a Pittsburgh man, on numerous felony charges resulting from fraudulent schemes carried out over the Internet.
 The case takes its title, which has been singled out as memorable and included among lists of amusingly titled cases, from one of Banks' aliases, an electronic music group of which he was the sole regular member.
 He had filed the appeal under that name while representing himself.
H. William DeWeese (born April 18, 1950) is an American politician who is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 A member of the Democratic Party, DeWeese served as the 135th Speaker of the Pennsylvania House from 1993-94.
 After five years of investigation by Republican State Attorney General Tom Corbett, he was indicted in December 2009 on six charges of conflict of interest, theft and criminal conspiracy on accusations that two members of his staff used state resources to campaign for political office.
 The trial began January 23, 2010.
 He was re-elected in 2010 despite the charges, but was convicted of five of the six felony charges on February 6, 2012.
