Henriette-Hélène de Beauvoir (6 June 1910, Paris – 1 July 2001, Goxwiller) was a French painter.
 She was the younger sister of philosopher Simone de Beauvoir.
 Her art was exhibited in Europe, Japan, and the US.
 She married Lionel de Roulet.
Bianca Lamblin (born Bienenfeld) (April 1921 in Lublin – 5 November 2011) was a French writer who was romantically involved with both Jean-Paul Sartre and his lifelong companion Simone de Beauvoir, for a number of years.
 Her book, "Mémoires d'une Jeune Fille Dérangée" (published in English under the title, "A Disgraceful Affair"), is an account of her long-lasting involvement with two of the most prominent French thinkers of the twentieth century.
 In correspondence between Sartre and Beauvoir, the pseudonym Louise Védrine was used when referring to Bianca in "Lettres au Castor" and in "Lettres à Sartre".
 Lamblin later lamented of being abused by both Sartre and Beauvoir.
Anne Looby, is an Australian actress and stage director, since graduating from NIDA in 1988, Anne Looby has worked in film, television and theatre.
 Her theatrical experience is extensive, having worked with some of the best directors in Australia including Gale Edwards, Rodney Fisher, Jim Sharman and George Ogilvy, on work ranging from the classics to contemporary theatre.
 Looby has also worked extensively in film and television, appearing in such television classics as A Country Practice and the award winning ABC mini-series Simone De Beauvoir’s Babies.
 She has appeared in the feature films "Willfull", "Daydream Believer" and most recently with John Malkovich in Disgrace.
 Looby received the Sydney Theatre Critics award for Best Actress in Arcadia for the STC and has also been awarded an AFI as Best Actress in a TV Mini Series for her performance in Simone De Beauvoir’s Babies.
Natalie Sorokin (born 1926), a French woman, had affairs with Simone de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre.
 In June 1943 Sorokin's mother complained to the school authorities that De Beauvoir had led her daughter astray.
 De Beauvoir was accused of behavior leading to the corruption of a minor and her teaching license was suspended for the rest of her life.
 Sorokin later said her relationship with De Beauvoir and Sartre came to an end when she found this relationship serving only one part.
 She then started writing and worked for radio.
The Second Sex (French: "Le Deuxième Sexe" ) is a 1949 book by the French existentialist Simone de Beauvoir, in which the author discusses the treatment of women throughout history.
 Beauvoir researched and wrote the book in about 14 months when she was 38 years old.
 She published it in two volumes, "Facts and Myths" and "Lived Experience" ("Les faits et les mythes" and "L'expérience vécue" in French).
 Some chapters first appeared in "Les Temps modernes".
 One of Beauvoir's best-known books, "The Second Sex" is often regarded as a major work of feminist philosophy and the starting point of second-wave feminism.
Olga Kosakiewicz (; 6 November 1915 – 1983) was a student of Simone de Beauvoir who joined the circle of de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre in 1935, aged 19.
 She and her sister, Wanda, were fused together to make one central character in de Beauvoir's first novel "L'Invitée" ("She Came to Stay", 1943), which was dedicated to Olga (where her name appears as Kosakievicz in the Norton translation).
Christine Delphy (born 1941) is a French sociologist, feminist, writer and theorist.
 She was a co-founder of Mouvement de Libération des Femmes (Women's Liberation Movement) in 1970 and of the journal "Nouvelles questions féministes" (New Feminist Issues) with Simone de Beauvoir in 1981.
The Simone de Beauvoir Prize (French: "Prix Simone de Beauvoir pour la liberté des femmes" ) is an international human rights prize for women's freedom, awarded since 2008 to individuals or groups fighting for gender equality and opposing breaches of human rights.
 It is named after the French author and philosopher Simone de Beauvoir, known for her 1949 women's rights treatise "The Second Sex".
When Things of the Spirit Come First is Simone de Beauvoir's 'first' work of fiction.
 After a number of false starts, in 1937 she submitted this collection of interlinked stories to a publisher.
 But it was turned down by both Gallimard and Grasset.
 It consists of five short stories which are weaved together in such a way that it to structurally similar to a more traditional novel.
 The first, "Maurcelle", tells the story of the oldest of three siblings.
 She marries an abusive artist.
 The second, "Chantal", tells the story of a lycee philosophy teacher (like de Beauvoir).
 She idealizes her life and becomes involved in the lives of her students but ultimately refuses to help them.
 "Lisa" is the third and shortest story, about a girl who struggles to live a spiritual life while existing in a physical body.
 "Anne", the fourth story, is the result of many of de Beauvoir's earlier attempts at writing.
 It parallels the story of her friend Elisabeth Mabille (Zaza) who died soon after her mother refused to allow her to marry Maurice Merleau-Ponty.
 The final story, "Marguarite" expresses the existential views that de Beauvoir herself believed that life itself should be experienced, rather than spirituality.
Sylvie Le Bon-de Beauvoir is the adoptive daughter of Simone de Beauvoir.
 She is a philosophy professor.
 The meeting between the two women was recounted in the book "Tout compte fait", which Beauvoir dedicated to her.
