Thursday Night Showcase appears every Thursday with the biggest games in college basketball in primetime during the regular season on ESPN and ESPN2.
 The official name is "Thursday Night Showcase presented by T. Rowe Price".
 The games include, on ESPN, an ACC battle at 7pm ET with Mike Patrick doing play- by- play and Len Elmore as color commentator.
 ESPN's 9pm ET game features the Big Ten with Dave O'Brien and Stephen Bardo on the call.
 On ESPN2, a Big East game, shown at 7 p.m. or 9 p.m., is called by Dave Pasch and Doris Burke.
 In the other slot, ESPN2 offers a game from the West Coast Conference with Dave Flemming and either Sean Farnham or Miles Simon calling that game.
 The studio host is Karl Ravech along with analysis from Dan Dakich.
 They deliver the half time report, post game report and live in-game updates.
 The gang also appears on "College GameNight" later that night.
John Graham "Red" Kerr (July 17, 1932 – February 26, 2009) was an American basketball player, coach, and color commentator.
 He played in the NBA from 1954 to 1966, mainly as a member of the Syracuse Nationals.
 He later held several coaching and administrative positions before embarking on a thirty-three year career as a television color commentator for the Chicago Bulls.
A color commentator is a North American term for a sports commentator who assists the main commentator, often by filling in any time when play is not in progress.
 In other regions this role is variously referred to as an analyst or summariser.
 The color analyst and main commentator will often exchange comments freely throughout the broadcast, when the play-by-play announcer is not describing the action.
 The color commentator provides expert analysis and background information, such as statistics, strategy and injury reports on the teams and athletes, and occasionally anecdotes or light humor.
 Color commentators are often former athletes or coaches of the sport being broadcast.
Stanley Alan Van Gundy (born August 26, 1959) is an American professional basketball coach, currently serving as the head coach and president of basketball operations of the National Basketball Association's Detroit Pistons.
 From 2003 to 2005, he was the head coach of the Miami Heat but resigned in 2005 mid-season, turning the job over to Pat Riley.
 Van Gundy then coached the Orlando Magic for five seasons from 2007 to 2012, leading them to the 2009 NBA Finals.
 He is the brother of former New York Knicks and Houston Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy.
Max Kellerman (born August 6, 1973) is an American boxing commentator and sports television personality.
 He appears as a color commentator on HBO World Championship Boxing and HBO Boxing After Dark and as of January 3, 2011, is co-hosting an afternoon drive-time sports talk show with Marcellus Wiley on ESPNLA 710am radio at LA Live in Downtown Los Angeles.
 Starting on June 24, 2013, Kellerman, Michelle Beadle and Wiley co-hosted the sports comedy talk show "SportsNation" on ESPN.
 Since July 25, 2016 Kellerman has been a co-host on ESPN's First Take alongside Stephen A. Smith and Molly Qerim.
The 2001–02 NBA season was the 56th season for the New York Knicks in the National Basketball Association.
 During the offseason, the Knicks acquired Shandon Anderson from the Houston Rockets and Howard Eisley from the Dallas Mavericks in a three-team trade, while signing free agent Clarence Weatherspoon.
 Entering the season, the Knicks were without Larry Johnson, who retired during training camp.
 After a 10–9 start to the season, head coach Jeff Van Gundy unexpectedly resigned in December, explaining he had "diminished focus", though he would return to coach the Houston Rockets in the 2003–04 season.
 Don Chaney took over for Van Gundy.
 Under Chaney, the Knicks suffered an 8-game losing streak in January and went 20–43, on their way to finishing last place in the Atlantic Division with a 30–52 record.
 The Knicks missed the NBA Playoffs for the first time in 15 seasons.
Raymond Louis Heenan (November 1, 1944 – September 17, 2017), better known as Bobby "The Brain" Heenan, was an American professional wrestling manager, wrestler, and color commentator, best known for his time with the American Wrestling Association (AWA), the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW).
 He was known for his skill in drawing heel heat for himself and his wrestlers, and for his on-screen repartee with Gorilla Monsoon as a color commentator.
 He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2004, by Blackjack Lanza.
 Wrestling journalists Dave Meltzer and Wade Keller noted that Heenan is generally considered to be the greatest pro wrestling manager of all time.
The 1995–96 NBA season was the 50th season for the Knicks in the National Basketball Association in New York City, New York.
 After Pat Riley left to coach the Miami Heat, the Knicks hired Don Nelson and won ten of their first twelve games.
 However, the team never seemed to get under Nelson down the stretch, as he was replaced by long time assistant Jeff Van Gundy after 59 games.
 At midseason, the Knicks traded Charles D. Smith to the San Antonio Spurs for J.R. Reid, and dealt Doug Christie to the expansion Toronto Raptors for Willie Anderson.
 Under Van Gundy, the Knicks finished the season playing around .500 to post a 47–35 record, second in the Atlantic Division, with Patrick Ewing being selected for the 1996 NBA All-Star Game.
Jeffrey William Van Gundy (born January 19, 1962) is an American basketball coach and TV analyst.
 He is a color commentator for ESPN.
 He has previously been the head coach of the New York Knicks and the Houston Rockets in the National Basketball Association.
Tony Fiorentino is a television color commentator for the Miami Heat.
 Fiorentino has been involved with the Heat organization since it entered the NBA, joining the team in 1988 as an assistant coach under Ron Rothstein.
 He is also known as "El Pinguo" of Bayside to many Miami fans.
 He also served as an assistant coach for the Heat under Alvin Gentry and Pat Riley, and later served as an assistant coach with the Heat's WNBA sister team, the Miami Sol.
 He became the Heat's main television color commentator in 2004, replacing Mike Fratello.
