Sindhi folktales ( لوڪ ڪهاڻيون) play an important part in the culture of the Sindhi people of southern Pakistan.
 Pakistan's Sindh province abounds in fairy-tales and folktales that form its folklore.
 Some of these folktales(قصا) are particularly important for the development of higher literature in Sindhi, since they were to form the core of mystical tales of Sindh immortalized by Shah Abdul latif Bhittai, and are generally known as Heroines of Shah (شاه جون سورميون).
The Greek Princess and the Young Gardener is an Irish fairy tale collected by Patrick Kennedy in "Fireside Stories of Ireland".
 Joseph Jacobs included it in "More Celtic Fairy Tales".
Brian Edward Patrick Kennedy (born 12 October 1966, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish singer-songwriter and author, who is known for his ballads, and has represented Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006.
 He is the younger brother of the late musician Bap Kennedy.
Jack and his Comrades is a short Irish fairy tale describing the title character's story of success with the help of his animal helpers, collected by folklorist Patrick Kennedy from a resident of County Wexford, Ireland, and published in "Legendary Fictions of the Irish Celts" (1866).
 It was later reprinted, revised but only slightly, by Joseph Jacobs in his Celtic fairy tale compilation.
Patrick Kennedy (early 1801 – 29 March 1873) was a folklorist from Co.
 Wexford, Ireland.
 A bookseller by trade, he is known for his collections of Irish (Leinster) folktales.
 The tales are told in rusticated English of the Irish peasantry who had established roots in The Pale, the anglicized part of Ireland.
 He is "widely credited with preserving irish idioms in the turn of phrase, sentence structure, Irish words".
Seumas MacManus (31 December 1867 – 23 October 1960) was an Irish author, dramatist, and poet known for his ability to reinterpret Irish folktales for modern audiences.
Irish Fairy Tales is a retelling of ten Irish folktales by the Irish author James Stephens.
 The English illustrator Arthur Rackham provided interior artwork, including numerous black and white illustrations and sixteen color plates.
 The stories are set in a wooded, Medieval Ireland filled with larger-than-life hunters, warriors, kings, and fairies.
 Many stories concern the Fianna and their captain, Fionn mac Uail, from the Fenian Cycle of Irish mythology.
Patrick Kennedy (February 16, 1823 – November 22, 1858) was an Irish farmer, businessman, and politician who moved to East Boston, Massachusetts from County Wexford, Ireland.
 He was born in New Ross, Ireland.
 He was the father of businessman/politician P. J. Kennedy, paternal grandfather of businessman/politician Joseph P. Kennedy Sr., and patrilineal great-grandfather of World War II casualty Joseph P. Kennedy Jr., President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and longtime Senator Ted Kennedy.
The Brown Bear of Norway is an Irish fairy tale collected by Patrick Kennedy which appeared in his "Legendary Fictions of the Irish Celts" (1866).
 It was later included by Andrew Lang in his anthology "The Lilac Fairy Book" (1910), though Lang misattributed his source as "West Highland Tales" (cf. The Brown Bear of the Green Glen).
Amy Corzine is an American fiction and non-fiction writer and poet.
 Her first book was a Cadogan travel guide to Ireland for families in which she included stories she wrote based on Irish folktales.
 After that, Watkins Publishing commissioned her for 'The Secret Life of the Universe: The Quest for the Soul of Science'.
 Then Classical Comics asked her to adapt Charlotte Brontë's 'Jane Eyre' into graphic novel form.
