Thirty Three & ⅓ (stylised as Thirty Three & 1/ on the album cover) is the seventh studio album by English musician George Harrison, released in November 1976.
 It was Harrison's first album release on his Dark Horse record label, the worldwide distribution for which changed from A&M Records to Warner Bros. as a result of his late delivery of the album's master tapes.
 Among other misfortunes affecting its creation, Harrison suffered hepatitis midway through recording, and the copyright infringement suit regarding his 1970–71 hit song "My Sweet Lord" was decided in favour of the plaintiff, Bright Tunes Music.
 The album contains the hit singles "This Song" – Harrison's satire on that court case and the notion of plagiarism in pop music – and "Crackerbox Palace".
 Despite the problems associated with the album, many music critics recognised "Thirty Three & ⅓" as a return to form for Harrison after his poorly received work during 1974–75, and considered it his strongest collection of songs since 1970's acclaimed "All Things Must Pass".
"When We Was Fab" is a song by English musician George Harrison, which he released on his 1987 album "Cloud Nine".
 It was also issued as the second single from the album, in January 1988.
 The lyrics serve as a nostalgic reflection by Harrison on the days of Beatlemania during the 1960s, when the Beatles were first referred to as "the Fab Four".
 Harrison co-wrote the song with Jeff Lynne, who also co-produced the track.
 The recording references the psychedelic sound that the Beatles had helped popularise in 1967, through its use of sitar, cello, and backwards-relayed effects.
 Harrison's former Beatles bandmate Ringo Starr is among the other musicians on the track.
 The single was accompanied by an innovative music video, directed by the partnership of Kevin Godley and Lol Creme.
 One of Harrison's most popular songs, "When We Was Fab" has appeared on the compilations "Best of Dark Horse 1976–1989" (1989) and "" (2009).
"What Is Life" is a song by the English musician George Harrison, released on his 1970 triple album "All Things Must Pass".
 In many countries, it was issued as the second single from the album, in February 1971, becoming a top-ten hit in the United States, Canada and elsewhere, and topping singles charts in Australia and Switzerland.
 In the United Kingdom, "What Is Life" appeared as the B-side to "My Sweet Lord", which was the best-selling single there of 1971.
 Harrison's backing musicians on the song include Eric Clapton and the entire Delaney & Bonnie Friends band, with whom he had toured during the final months of the Beatles.
 Harrison co-produced the recording with Phil Spector, whose Wall of Sound production also employed a prominent string arrangement by John Barham and multiple acoustic rhythm guitars, played by Harrison's fellow Apple Records signings Badfinger.
"Learning How to Love You" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released in 1976 as the closing track of his debut album on his Dark Horse record label, "Thirty Three & 1/3".
 Harrison wrote the song for Herb Alpert, sometime singer and co-head of A&M Records, which at the time was the worldwide distributor for Dark Horse.
 Although the relationship with A&M soured due to Harrison's failure to deliver "Thirty Three & 1/3" on schedule, resulting in litigation and a new distribution deal with Warner Bros.
 Records, Harrison still dedicated the song to Alpert in the album's liner notes.
"Little Monster" is a song written by Mike Kerr and Ben Thatcher of British rock duo Royal Blood.
 The song was originally recorded by the duo for release as a single, appearing on the band's second single of the same name, released by Black Mammoth Records and Warner Bros.
 Records on 10 February 2014.
 The single marked the band's first release under Warner Bros.
 Records after signing with the label in 2013.
 The track later appeared as the second track on the band's debut extended play "Out of the Black", and as the sixth track on the band's eponymous debut studio album, "Royal Blood".
 It is currently the duo's highest-charting single.
 The song is included as a playable track in "Guitar Hero Live".
"Soft Touch" is a song by English musician George Harrison from his 1979 album "George Harrison".
 It was also issued as the B-side of the album's lead single, "Blow Away", apart from in North America, where it was the B-side of the second single, "Love Comes to Everyone".
 Harrison wrote the song while in the Virgin Islands with his future wife, Olivia Arias, shortly before recording his 1976 album "Thirty Three & 1/3".
 The song is a love song in which Harrison also conveys his wonder at the idyllic island setting.
Best of Dark Horse 1976–1989 is a compilation album by English musician George Harrison, released in October 1989.
 His second compilation, after the Capitol/EMI collection "The Best of George Harrison" (1976), it contains songs from Harrison's releases on his Dark Horse record label between 1976 and 1987.
 The album also includes a 1989 single, "Cheer Down", which was Harrison's contribution to the soundtrack of the film "Lethal Weapon 2", and two tracks recorded specifically for the collection: "Poor Little Girl" and "Cockamamie Business".
 Despite the popularity of Harrison's work over this period – both as a solo artist with his "Cloud Nine" album (1987), and as a member of the Traveling Wilburys – the compilation failed to achieve commercial success.
Somewhere in England is the ninth studio album by George Harrison, released in 1981.
 The album was recorded as Harrison was becoming increasingly frustrated with the music industry.
 The album's making was a long one, during which conflicts with Warner Bros.
 Records arose.
 "Somewhere in England" was the first Harrison album to be released after the death of his former Beatles bandmate John Lennon; the lyrics of its first single, "All Those Years Ago", pay tribute to Lennon.
Dark Horse Records is a record label founded by former Beatle George Harrison in 1974.
 The label's formation coincided with the winding down of the Beatles' Apple Records and allowed Harrison to continue supporting other artists' projects while maintaining his solo career.
 The initial signings were Indian musician Ravi Shankar and Splinter, the last of whom provided the label with its only significant commercial success until Harrison signed with Dark Horse in 1976.
 The label was distributed internationally by A&M Records for the first two years of its operation.
 Following a highly publicised split with A&M, Harrison and Dark Horse formed a long-term partnership with Warner Bros.
 Records that lasted until the expiration of his contract in 1994.
"Love Comes to Everyone" is a song by English musician George Harrison that was released as the opening track of his 1979 album "George Harrison".
 It was also issued as the second single off the album.
 The recording contains musical contributions from Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton.
