Janet Taylor (13 May 1804 – 25 January 1870) born Jane Ann Ionn, was an English astronomer and navigation expert.
 During an active and highly successful life, she published various works on astronomy and navigation, founded an academy for the teaching of these subjects, and ran a warehouse focused on the distribution, production and repair of navigational instruments.
 Her Academy was highly regarded and recommended by the East India Company, Trinity House, and the Admiralty.
 In recognition of her work, she was awarded medals by the kings of Prussia and Netherlands, and her rule for calculating latitude from altitudes was described as "ingenious".
Jane Ann, Lady Winterton (née Hodgson; born 6 March 1941 in Sutton Coldfield) is a British Conservative Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Congleton from 1983 to 2010.
 She is married to Sir Nicholas Winterton, also a former Conservative MP.
Wells-next-the-Sea Lifeboat Station is an RNLI operated lifeboat station located in the town of Wells-next-the-Sea in the English county of Norfolk.
 The station operates both inshore and offshore lifeboats.
 The inshore boat is called "Jane Ann III" (D-661) and is a "D"-class (IB1) lifeboat, whilst the offshore boat is called "Doris M, Mann of Ampthill" (ON 1161) ,
Earl Winterton, in the County of Galway, is a title in the Peerage of Ireland.
 It was created in 1766 for Edward Turnour, 1st Baron Winterton, who represented Bramber in the House of Commons.
 Turnour had already been created Baron Winterton, of Gort in the County of Galway, in 1761, and was made Viscount Turnour, of Gort in the County of Galway, at the same time as he was given the earldom.
 These titles are also in the Peerage of Ireland.
 Born Edward Turnour Garth, Lord Winterton was the son of Joseph Garth and his wife Sarah (died 1744), daughter of Francis Gee and his wife Sarah, daughter of Sir Edward Turnor, Member of Parliament for Orford, elder son of Sir Edward Turnour, Speaker of the House of Commons from 1661 to 1671.
 His mother was sole heiress to the Turnor (or Turnour) estates and on her death in 1744 he assumed by Royal licence the surname of Turnour.
Jane Ann "Janie" Sell (born October 1, 1939 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American actress.
Sir Nicholas Raymond Winterton (born 31 March 1938) is a retired British Conservative Party politician.
 He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Macclesfield from 1971 until he retired from the House of Commons at the 2010 general election.
Jane Ann Henson (née Nebel; June 16, 1934 – April 2, 2013) was an American puppeteer and the wife of puppeteer Jim Henson.
Jane Ann Cooper Bennett (born 1960) is an Australian painter.
He was the eldest son of Henry Brett of Cowley, Gloucestershire.
 Colley Cibber, who was a close friend, says that the young Brett was sent to Oxford and entered at the Temple, but was an idler about town in 1700, when he married Ann, the divorced wife of Charles Gerard, 2nd Earl of Macclesfield, who succeeded to the title in 1693.
 She was daughter of Sir Richard Mason, knight, of Sutton, Surrey, and married the Earl of Macclesfield, then Lord Brandon, in 1683, but separated from him soon after.
 She had two illegitimate children, one of whom, by Richard Savage, 4th Earl Rivers, was possibly the poet Richard Savage.
 The countess was divorced in 1698, when her fortune was returned to her, and two years later she married Henry Brett.
 He was very handsome, and the lady's sympathy is said to have been evoked by an assault committed on him by bailiffs opposite her windows.
Louie Myfanwy Thomas (29 February 1908 – 25 January 1968) was a Welsh author best known for her work under the pseudonym Jane Ann Jones.
