The Pit River Bridge (officially the Veterans of Foreign Wars Memorial Bridge) is a double deck, deck truss, road and rail bridge over Shasta Lake in Shasta County, California.
 The bridge, carrying Interstate 5 on its upper deck and Union Pacific Railroad on its lower deck, was built in 1942 as part of the construction of the Shasta Dam/Shasta Lake reservoir system.
 The Pit River Bridge was constructed to replace the Lower Pit River Bridge, as the rising waters of the Shasta Lake reservoir would have put the older bridge underwater.
 The entire bridge spans 3588 ft long on the upper deck and 2754 ft on the lower deck.
 With a height of 500 ft above the old Pit River bed, it is structurally the highest double decked bridge in the United States; however, today the bridge sits only about 40 ft above the water when Shasta Lake is full.
The Colorado River Bridge at Bastrop is a 1285 ft -long bridge with three steel truss spans and concrete piers that crosses the Colorado River as part of Loop 150 through Bastrop, Texas.
 The three bridge spans over the river consist of identical Parker through trusses, each 192 ft in length, supported on concrete piers.
 The bridge is one of the earliest surviving uses of the Parker truss in Texas.
The Port Mann Bridge is a 10-lane cable-stayed bridge that opened to traffic in 2012.
 It is currently the second longest cable-stayed bridge in North America and was the widest bridge in the world until the opening of the new Bay Bridge in California.
 The new bridge replaced a steel arch bridge that spanned the Fraser River, connecting Coquitlam to Surrey in British Columbia near Vancouver.
 The old bridge consisted of three spans with an orthotropic deck carrying five lanes of Trans-Canada Highway traffic, with approach spans of three steel plate girders and concrete deck.
 The total length of the previous Port Mann was 2093 m , including approach spans.
 The main span was 366 m , plus the two 110 m spans on either side.
 Volume on the old bridge was 127,000 trips per day.
 Approximately 8 percent of the traffic on the Port Mann bridge was truck traffic.
 The previous bridge was the longest arch bridge in Canada and third-longest in the world at the time of its inauguration.
The Dorland J. Henderson Memorial Bridge, familiarly known as the Manahawkin Bay Bridge or (while technically inaccurate) The Causeway, is a steel girder bridge that spans Manahawkin Bay, carrying traffic along Route 72 between Long Beach Island (LBI) and the Manahawkin section of Stafford Township, in Ocean County, New Jersey.
 The bridge starts at Manahawkin and ends at Ship Bottom on Long Beach Island.
 The bridge spans five land masses: the mainland, Long Beach Island, and three intermediate land masses, of which two are small and one is rather large.
The Miami Bridge, also known as the McDaniel Memorial Bridge, is a new concrete girder bridge that was built to replace a cantilever through truss bridge over the Missouri River at Miami, Missouri between Saline County, Missouri and Carroll County, Missouri.
 The Miami Bridge carries Route 41.
 The Miami Bridge was built in 1939, and its deck was replaced in 1983 as part of a rehabilitation project.
 The old bridge's main cantilever span was 474.7 feet, while the two anchor spans were each 415 feet in length, resulting in a total cantilever truss length of 1304.7 feet.
 There were 11 approach spans, including four Warren deck truss spans, three on the northern approach and one on the southern approach.
 All remaining approach spans were steel stringer (multi-beam/girder) spans.
 Total bridge length including approach spans is 2,071.9 feet.
 The bridge's deck width is 23.0 feet and it has vertical clearance of 16.5 feet.
The Maiden Lane Bridge was a railroad bridge across the Hudson River between the city of Albany and Rensselaer County, New York.
 It was designed by Kellogg, Clark & Co., and was one of the largest bridges they designed.
 The bridge was owned and built by the Hudson River Bridge Company, which was owned jointly by the New York Central and Hudson River Railroad Company which owned 3/4, and the Boston and Albany Railroad Company which owned 1/4.
 The Maiden Lane Bridge was often referred to as the "South Bridge", while the Livingston Avenue Bridge was referred to as the "North Bridge".
 The Livingston Ave. Bridge was used for freight (and through-traffic passenger trains) while passenger trains used the Maiden Lane Bridge for access to Union Station, which was completed less than 10 months later.
 The state of New York authorized construction on May 10, 1869, construction began in May 1870, and the first train crossed on December 28, 1871.
 The bridge consisted of four 185.5 ft long fixed spans, one 274 ft long draw span, seven 73 ft long spans over the Albany Basin, one 110 ft long span over Quay Street, and one 63 ft long span over Maiden Lane.
 All the spans except the one over Maiden Lane were double tracked, through, and pin connected; the span over Maiden Lane was also double tracked, but was a deck and plate girder span.
 A reconstruction of the bridge, except for the draw span, was done in 1899 by Pencoyd Bridge Company and finished by January 3, 1900.
 The bridge lasted until the 1960s, when the Albany-Rensselaer Amtrak Station was built on the east side of the Hudson in the city of Rensselaer and Interstate 787 was built along the west side in Albany, thereby eliminating the need of the bridge.
The Atherton Bridge is a historic iron truss bridge in Lancaster, Massachusetts, spanning the South Branch of the Nashua River.
 It is a rare example of a hybrid pony truss that is similar to the 19th century truss design of Simeon S. Post.
 It was built by J.H. Cofrode & Co. of Philadelphia in 1870.
 It was the first iron bridge to be constructed in the town.
<ref name="memory.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/D?hh:1:./temp/~ammem_Pr5I::">Historic American Engineering Record</ref> The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The Columbia River Bridge, also known as the Bridgeport Bridge, at Bridgeport, Washington was built to span the Columbia River in 1950.
 Composed of three spans, the bridge is a steel continuous riveted deck truss carrying Washington State Route 17 on a 26 ft wide roadway and two 3 ft sidewalks.
 The center portion of the bridge spans 300 ft , flanked by 250 ft end spans.
 The 70 ft north approach span and the 100 ft south approach span are supported by steel plate girders.
 The bridge played a significant role in the construction of the Chief Joseph Dam just upstream, as no bridge crossing had previously existed in the area.
 Construction on the dam started in 1945 and was completed, apart from the powerplant, in 1955.
 The bridge was designed and built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as part of the Chief Joseph dam project, and is significant for its association with the project and as a major crossing of the Columbia.
The Monocacy river bridge and viaduct is a 326 ft open deck steel girder bridge with two main spans crossing the river and 2 viaduct sections crossing the floodplain, south of Walkersville, Maryland.
 Originally constructed by the Frederick and Pennsylvania Line Railroad Company (F&PL).
 Construction began in late 1871, and continued until July 1872 when the railroad opened that year.
 It was rebuilt by the Pennsylvania railroad prior first in 1900-1905 as an open deck riveted iron plate under girder bridge.
 In 1915, the bridge was surveyed as part of the Interstate Commerce Commission's ("ICC") effort to establish freight rates for the Parent railroad.
 In 1927, the Pennsylvania railroad rebuilt the bridge again using deeper and thicker steel girders, but leaving the masonry piers intact.
 In 1972, the two 85 foot river spans were washed out by Hurricane Agnes.
 In 1982, the State of Maryland purchased the bridge as part of the railroad line.
 In 1995, the State rebuilt the river spans and Pier 3 which is located in the middle of the river crossing was completely reconstructed using concrete to replace the original masonry foundations.
 In 2015, the State performed minor maintenance on the structure and painted some spans.
 <br>
Built in 1890, the 2376 ft Walnut Street Bridge was the first to connect Chattanooga, Tennessee's downtown with the North Shore.
 According to a plaque on the bridge, Edwin Thacher was the chief engineer for the bridge.
 The bridge's superstructure was assembled by the Smith Bridge Company of Toledo, Ohio, which was a prolific late 19th-century bridge builder.
 The bridge's substructure was constructed by Neeley, Smith, and Company of Chattanooga.
 Most of the parts for the bridge were manufactured by Manly Jail Works of Dalton, Georgia and then shipped to the site by rail.
 The bridge's main spans are pin-connected Pennsylvania through truss spans.
 The top chord of these truss spans are configured in five sections, making the spans similar to the Camelback truss design.
 The bridge is historically significant as an extremely long and old example of its type; according to the Historic American Engineering Record: "The bridge was apparently the first non-military highway bridge across the Tennessee River."
