Lebanon hosted the 3rd Mediterranean Games in Camille Chamoun sports city in Beirut.
 The event took place from 11 to 23 October 1959.
 11 nations were represented by a total of 792 athletes, all males, competing in 17 sports of 106 events.
 France came first: its 66 athletes won 69 medals (26 gold), while the host country, Lebanon, with the most athletes (180), came 8th with 30 medals (only 3 golds).
 The United Arab Republic, participating for the first and only time as Egypt and Syria, came second (the UAR in the 1963 games included only Egypt).
The Australian Cattle Dog (ACD), or simply Cattle Dog, is a breed of herding dog originally developed in Australia for droving cattle over long distances across rough terrain.
 This breed is a medium-sized, short-coated dog that occurs in two main colour forms.
 It has either brown or black hair distributed fairly evenly through a white coat, which gives the appearance of a "red" or "blue" dog.
 It should not be confused with the Australian Shepherd, a similarly named but totally different breed.
The western crowned pigeon, also known as the common crowned pigeon or blue crowned pigeon ("Goura cristata") is a large, blue-grey pigeon with blue lacy crests over the head and dark blue mask feathers around its eyes.
 Both sexes are almost similar but males are often larger than females.
 It is on average 70 cm (28 in) long and weighs 2,100 grams (4.6 lbs).
The Norrbottenspets is a breed of dog of the spitz type.
 It is an ancient breed whose original purpose was a farm and hunting dog but has recently become more popular as a companion dog.
 The Norrbottenspets is used to hunt wood grouse, black grouse, capercaillie and hazel grouse, but also fox, marten and raccoon.
 Some individuals are also effective with mammals as large as moose and grizzly bear.
 Norrbottenspets was formerly used in hunting squirrels, when squirrel fur was valuable in the beginning of the 20th century and earlier.
The southern crowned pigeon ("Goura scheepmakeri") is a large, terrestrial pigeon confined to southern lowland forests of New Guinea.
 It has a bluish-grey plumage with elaborate blue lacy crests, red iris and very deep maroon breast.
 Both sexes have a similar appearance.
 It is on average 70 cm (28 in) long and weighs 2,250 grams (5 lbs).
The Kerry Blue Terrier (also known as the Irish Blue Terrier) () is a breed of dog.
 Originally bred to control "vermin" including rats, rabbits, badgers, foxes, otters and hares, over time the Kerry became a general working dog used for a variety of jobs including herding cattle and sheep, and as a guard dog.
 Today the Kerry has spread around the world as a companion and working dog.
 Despite a Kerry Blue winning Crufts (the most important UK dog show) in 2000, it remains an "unfashionable" breed, and is distinctly uncommon; however, it not as threatened as some of the other terrier breeds such as Skye Terrier, Sealyham Terrier, and Dandie Dinmont Terrier.
The Swedish Vallhund, also known as the "Västgötaspets" and Swedish cow dog, is a breed of dog native to Sweden.
 The breed's name, "Vallhund", when translated into English, means herding dog, as the Swedish Vallhund was originally bred as a drover and herder of cows over 1,000 years ago.
 In 1942, the dog came close to extinction, but careful breeding and publicity by Swedish national Bjorn von Rosen and K. G. Zettersten managed to revive the breed in popularity and save it from its likely end.
 In 1943, the Swedish Kennel Club recognized the Swedish Vallhund as a breed, and officially categorized the Swedish Vallhund as "the Västgötaspets" for Västergötland, the province in which their revival took place.
 Since then, the breed has been recognized by, and bred in, over ten countries and has gained some popularity.
The Lacy Dog or Blue Lacy Dog is a breed of working dog that originated in Texas in the mid-19th century.
 The Lacy was first recognized in 2001 by the Texas Senate.
 In Senate Resolution No. 436, the 77th Legislature honored the Lacy as "a true Texas breed".
 In June 2005, Governor Rick Perry signed the legislation adopting the Blue Lacy as "the official State Dog Breed of Texas".
 As expected, the vast majority of Lacy dogs are found in Texas.
 However, as the breed becomes more well recognized, there are breeding populations being established across the United States, Canada, and most recently in Europe.
Uncle Earl's Hog Dog Trials is an annual Hog Dog Baying Event held in the third weekend of March in Winnfield, Winn Parish, Louisiana at the Winn Parish Fair Grounds involving boars and various breeds of bay dogs, including Catahoula Leopard Dogs, Blackmouth Cur, Blue Lacy, and others.
The Polish Helmet or Polish Krymka Tumbler (Polish: "krymka polska" ) is a breed of fancy pigeon, specifically a type of Helmet pigeon, that has been developed over many years of selective breeding.
 It is distinctive on account of its "Muffs" (large foot feathers), and is colored only on the top half of its head (the "helmet") and on its tail.
 It is thought to be related to the European and American pigeons, though it remains unknown as to what came first or how they spread and adapted all over the world.
