Frederiksberg IF is a Danish sports club based in Frederiksberg.
Al-Muharraq Sports Club (Arabic: نادي المحرق الرياضي‎ ‎ ) is a Bahraini football club based in Muharraq.
 It is one of the oldest sports club in the Arabian Peninsula Region.
 Al-Muharraq Sports Club has won the Bahraini Football Premier League 33 times.
 Al-Muharraq Sports Club also takes part in other sports than football like Basketball and Volleyball.
 Historically, Al-Muharraq Sports Club football team resembles most of Bahrain national football team.
 Muharruq is the one of the biggest clubs in Bahrain football history if not the biggest.
 Muharruq Also Won the crown prince cup 5 times Making them the most team winning it.
 Muharruq won the Bahrain King Cup 32 times the second most team who have won it is Al Ahli they won it 8 times.
Østerbros Boldklub (also known as ØB) was a Danish sports club based in the Østerbro area of Copenhagen, active from 1894 to 1998.
 The club is best known for its amateur football team.
 It was one of the oldest Danish football clubs, and played 10 seasons in the top-flight Danish football championship from 1928 to 1950.
 ØB was a founding member of the Sports Confederation of Denmark (1896) and the Copenhagen Football Association (1903).
 The football club predominantly played its games at the Fælledparken, a common shared by the smaller Copenhagen clubs.
KFUMs Boldklub (also known as KFUM) is a Danish sports club based in Emdrup in the Bispebjerg district of Copenhagen, founded in 1899.
 The club is best known for its 1940s amateur football team.
 It played six seasons in the top-flight Danish football championship from 1940 to 1958.
Nørrebrohallen (English: the hall of Nørrebro) is a Danish sports complex in Nørrebro, Copenhagen.
 It was formerly known as Nørrebro Remise (English: Nørrebro Roundhouse) because it worked as a roundhouse for the now defunkt Copenhagen Tram until 1972 when all tram activities stopped.
 The facility is owned and run by the Copenhagen Municipality.
 The oldest part of the facility was drawned by architect Thorvald Sørensen and was constructed by Siemens & Halske-Bahnabteilung in 1896.
 Nørrebrohallen was expanded several times since; amongst others by Vilhelm Friederichsen from 1900–1902.
 Furthermore, the professional Danish Basketball club Stevnsgade Basketball play their home matches in Hal 3 in Nørrebrohallen.
 Hal 3 has a capacity of approx. 600 people.
Boldklubben Frem (also known as Frem, BK Frem or BK Frem Copenhagen) is a Danish sports club based in the Valby-Sydhavnen area of Copenhagen.
 It is best known for its semi-professional football team.
 Since its foundation in 1886, Frem has won the Danish Championships six times and the Danish Cup twice.
 Until the disastrous bankruptcy in 1993, Frem had played in the top division all but six seasons.
 After the bankruptcy the club fought its way back to the top of Danish football, but in 2010 it went bankrupt again and was demoted to the Copenhagen Series—the fifth tier in the Danish league system.
 After two back to back promotions, the club now participates in the Danish 2.
 Division, the third tier.
Aalborg Boldspilklub is a Danish sports club based in the city of Aalborg.
 The club is also known as AaB for short (cf. logo) or Aalborg BK.
 Through time the club has had branches in cricket, tennis, ice hockey, handball, and basketball, but currently controls teams in football, American football, and floorball.
 All teams are competing in the top-flight Danish league in their respective sport.
 The kit sponsor for the club is Adidas, and the principal sponsor for the football team is the regional bank Spar Nord.
Frederikshavn forenede Idrætsklubber (also known as FfI or Frederikshavn fI) is a Danish sports club based in Frederikshavn.
 The club has branches in football, handball, swimming, gymnastics and wrestling.
Kjøbenhavns Boldklub or KB is a Danish sports club based in Copenhagen.
 The club was founded 26 April 1876 on the grassy fields in outer Copenhagen which later became Fælledparken.
 Football and cricket has been played in KB since 1879, making KB one of the oldest football clubs on Continental Europe and the oldest general sports club on the continent (with more than just one sport).
 Tennis has been played since 1883.
 The club hosted, in 1921, one of the early tennis majors: the World Covered Court Championships, won by William Laurentz that year.
 Today, along with the sports already mentioned, the club also has facilities for badminton, swimming and pétanque.
Søren Lindsted (born February 2, 1957) is a Danish former football player in the striker position.
 He started his career as a semi-professional with Holbæk Boldklub, reaching the 1976 Danish Cup final and was the team top goalscorer in 1977 and 1978.
 He then signed a professional contract with FC Twente in the Netherlands, playing there from 1979 to 1982.
 He also played for Belgian teams KFC Winterslag and RFC de Liège, before returning to Holbæk in 1985.
 He played a single season with KB, before ending his career with Holbæk in 1990.
