The 2018 United States elections will mostly be held on Tuesday, November 6, 2018.
 These midterm elections will take place in the middle of Republican President Donald Trump's term.
 All 435 seats in the United States House of Representatives and 33 of the 100 seats in the United States Senate will be contested.
 39 state and territorial governorships and numerous other state and local elections will also be contested.
The United States Senate elections, 2002 featured a series of fiercely contested elections that resulted in a victory for the Republican Party, which gained two seats and thus a narrow majority from the Democratic Party in the United States Senate.
 The Senate seats up for election, known as "class 2" Senate seats, were last up for regular election in 1996.
 The election was held on November 5, 2002, almost fourteen months after the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Together Everybody Achieves More (TEAM) Unity was the political multi-party electoral alliance of the administration-backed senatorial line-up for the 2007 Philippine Midterm Elections.
 TEAM Unity is composed mostly of supporters and erstwhile critics of ex-Philippine president, Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
 Team Unity sought to take several Senate seats in order to protect President Arroyo from impeachment attempts by the political opposition after the midterm elections.
Midterm elections in the United States refer to general elections in the United States that are held two years after the quadrennial (four-year) elections for the President of the United States (i.e. near the midpoint of the four-year presidential term).
 Federal offices that are up for election during the midterms are members of the United States Congress, including all 435 seats in the United States House of Representatives, and the full terms for 33 or 34 of the 100 seats in the United States Senate.
The Wisconsin general elections, 2016 were held in the U.S. state of Wisconsin on November 8, 2016.
 One of Wisconsin's U.S. Senate seats and all eight seats in the United States House of Representatives are up for election, as well as half of the Wisconsin Senate seats and all of the Wisconsin Assembly seats.
 Primary elections were held on August 9, 2016.
The 2002 United States elections were held on November 5, in the middle of Republican President George W. Bush's first term.
 Unusual in midterm elections, the incumbent president's party gained seats in both chambers of the United States Congress.
 The Republicans picked up net gains of 2 Senate seats and 8 House seats.
Elections to the United States Senate were held on November 4, 2008 with 35 of the 100 seats in the Senate being contested.
 Thirty-three seats were up for regular elections; the winners were eligible to serve six-year terms from January 3, 2009 to January 3, 2015, as members of Class 2.
 There were also two special elections: one in Mississippi and another in Wyoming; as both seats were Class 1 Senate seats, the winners of both seats would serve the remainder of terms that ended on January 3, 2013.
The three classes of United States Senators are made up of 33 or 34 Senate seats each.
 The purpose of the classes is to determine which Senate seats will be up for election in a given year.
 The three groups are staggered so that one of them is up for election every two years, rather than having all 100 seats up for election at once.
 For example, the 33 Senate seats of Class 1 were elected in 2012, the 33 seats of Class 2 were up for election in 2014, and the 34 seats of Class 3 were up for election in 2016.
Nancy Elisabet Soderberg (born 1958) is an American foreign policy strategist.
 She served President Bill Clinton as Deputy National Security Advisor and as an Ambassador at the United Nations.
 She is currently President and CEO of Soderberg Global Solutions and Director of the Public Service Leadership Program at the University of North Florida in Jacksonville, FL.
 She was appointed by President Obama to serve as Chair of the Public Interest Declassification Board (2011-2014).
 She has also previously served as President of Connect U.S. Fund, as Vice President of the International Crisis Group, and on the Board of the Jacksonville Port Authority.
 She was a senior advisor to Senator Edward M. Kennedy, and worked on four presidential campaigns.
 She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
 She is a regular commentator on national and international television and radio, having appeared on NBC, ABC, CBS, CNN, BBC, Fox, National Public Radio, the Lehrer News Hour, CNN Crossfire, and The Daily Show.
 She is the author of numerous articles on American foreign policy and two books: “The Prosperity Agends” (2008) written with Brian Katulis, and the Superpower Myth (2005).
 In 1984, Soderberg received a Master of Science Degree from Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service, concentrating on development economics and political risk analysis.
 She received her Bachelor of Arts in 1980 from Vanderbilt University.
 It was reported on July 12th, 2017 that Soderberg had filed paperwork to run for Congress in the 2018 Midterm Elections in Florida's 6th Congressional District, as a Democrat .
The Eightieth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives.
 It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1947, to January 3, 1949, during the third and fourth years of Harry Truman's presidency.
 The apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the Sixteenth Census of the United States in 1940.
 Republicans gained a majority in both chambers for this Congress having gained thirteen Senate seats and fifty-seven House seats.
 Although the 80th Congress passed a total of 906 public bills, President Truman nicknamed it the "Do Nothing Congress" and, during the 1948 election, campaigned as much against it as against his formal opponent, Thomas Dewey.
 The 80th Congress passed several significant pro-business bills, most famously the Taft–Hartley Act, but it opposed most of Truman's Fair Deal bills.
 Truman's campaign strategy worked, and the Republicans lost nine Senate seats and seventy-three seats in the House, allowing the Democrats to begin the 81st Congress with twenty-one more seats than they had at the end of the 79th Congress.
