Harry Payne Whitney (April 29, 1872 – October 26, 1930) was an American businessman, thoroughbred horse breeder, and member of the prominent Whitney family.
Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney (January 9, 1875 – April 18, 1942) was an American sculptor, art patron and collector, and founder in 1931 of the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City.
 She was a prominent social figure and hostess, who was born into the wealthy Vanderbilt family and married into the Whitney family.
The Manhasset Stable was the "nom de course" for an American Thoroughbred horse racing stable established in the early 1930s by Joan Whitney Payson, founder of the New York Mets baseball team and a member of the prominent New York City Whitney family who have been major figures in the sport for more than one hundred years.
 Joan Payson named the stable for Manhasset, New York where she grew up.
Roscoe H. Channing, Jr. (January 7, 1868 – April 1, 1961) was an All-American football player, member of the Rough Riders and mining executive.
 Channing was an All-American halfback for Princeton University.
 He was one of eleven players selected by Caspar Whitney for the first ever College Football All-America Team in 1889.
 When the Spanish–American War commenced in 1898, Channing enlisted in Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders.
 Roosevelt took pride in how many Ivy League football players enlisted in the Rough Riders.
 Channing later went into the mining business and managed the mining operations of the Whitney family.
 In the 1920s, he formed a partnership with his friend Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney.
 The two formed the Hudson Bay Mining and Smelting Company in Flin Flon, Saskatchewan, Canada, and Channing served as the company's President.
 Channing died in 1961.
John Hay Whitney (August 17, 1904 – February 8, 1982), colloquially known as Jock Whitney, was U.S. Ambassador to the United Kingdom, publisher of the "New York Herald Tribune", and president of the Museum of Modern Art.
 He was a member of the Whitney family.
Greentree Stable, in Red Bank, New Jersey, was a major American thoroughbred horse racing stable and breeding farm established in 1914 by Payne Whitney of the Whitney family of New York City.
 Payne Whitney operated a horse farm and stable at Saratoga Springs, New York with his brother Harry Payne Whitney, who also had a large stable of horses.
 Greentree Stable had a training base at Aiken, South Carolina, while Greentree Farm in Lexington, Kentucky was established in 1925 as its breeding arm.
Charles Andrew Whitney (November 14, 1864- December 31, 1912) was an American businessman and industrialist in the late 19th century, born in Princeton, Massachusetts.
 He was part of the prominent American Whitney family.
 In 1859, Charles, his brother Levi L. Whitney, and Orville E. Thompson helped lead the large-scale manufacturing of leather boots and shoes in Chicago and were attributed with successfully running the first factory of its kind there.
 Whitney himself held patents for the manufacture of leather.
James Scollay Whitney (May 19, 1811 – October 24, 1878) was an American business executive and politician.
 He was the father of Henry Melville Whitney and William Collins Whitney, founders of the Whitney family business interests.
Wheelock Whitney may refer to one of three members of the Whitney family:
The Whitney family is an American family notable for their social prominence, wealth, business enterprises and philanthropy, founded by John Whitney (1592–1673) who came from London, England to Watertown, Massachusetts in 1635.
 The historic family mansion in Watertown, known as The Elms, was built in 1710.
