Erie is a city in and the county seat of Neosho County, Kansas, United States, and situated in the valley of the Neosho River, about a mile Northeast of the river.
 As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,150.
Southeast Kansas is a region of the U.S. state of Kansas.
 It can be roughly defined by Woodson County in the northwest, Bourbon County in the northeast, Cherokee County in the southeast, and Montgomery County in the southwest.
 Geographically it is dominated by a broad rolling landscape located between the Flint Hills to the west and includes the Ozarks to the southeast.
 Some notable towns there include Pittsburg, Parsons, Coffeyville, Independence, Chanute, Fort Scott, and Iola.
 The region has a land area of 13,624.13 km² (5,260.30 sq mi) and a 2000 census population of 180,815 inhabitants.
 It has 6.43% of the state's land area and 6.726% of its population.
 It is dominated by a broad rolling landscape that includes the Ozarks.
 It receives more precipitation than any other part of Kansas.
 Southeast Kansas is located in the tallgrass prairie ecosystem of North America.
 Originally inhabited by several Native American tribes, frontier towns largely dependent on cattle ranching, and mining, were wracked by violence over the issue of slavery both before and during the American Civil War.
 Southeast Kansas offers one of the premier reconstructions of early life in the United States Army at Fort Scott National Historic Site.
USS "Neosho" (AO-23) was a "Cimarron"-class fleet oiler serving with the United States Navy, the second ship to be named for the Neosho River in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Cofachique (pronounced "ko-fa-chee") was an unincorporated community situated along the Neosho River near the present-day city of Iola in the western part of Allen County, located in southeast Kansas, in the central United States of America.
 Being the first town established in Allen County in 1855, it was the original county seat.
 However, within five years the greater part of the town was moved to the new town of Iola, while the old site of Cofachique became farm land.
 The town was named in honor of an Osage chief known as Cofachique, who is said to have been particularly helpful to early settlers, bringing aid to the distressed and homeless.
 The name "Cofachique" appears to have origins with the Cofachiqui (or Cofitachiqui) tribe in South Carolina, who were Siouan speakers, and the Osage who settled this area were closely affiliated with the Siouan.
Humboldt is a city in Allen County, Kansas, United States.
 It is situated along the Neosho River.
 As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,953.
Labette County (county code LB) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas.
 As of the 2010 census, the county population was 21,607.
 Its county seat is Oswego, and its most populous city is Parsons.
 The county was named after LaBette creek, the second-largest creek in the county, which runs roughly NNW-SSE from near Parsons to Chetopa.
 The creek in turn was named after French-Canadian fur trapper Pierre LaBette who had moved to the area, living along the Neosho River, and marrying into the Osage tribe in the 1830s and 1840s.
Iola (pronounced ) is a city situated along the Neosho River in the northwestern part of Allen County, located in Southeast Kansas, in the Central United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the city population was 5,704.
 Iola is the county seat of Allen County.
 It is named in honor of Iola Colborn.
The Grand River is an alternate name for the lower section of the Neosho River, a tributary of the Arkansas River in Oklahoma.
 "Grand River" refers to the section of river below the confluence of the Neosho and Spring rivers in Ottawa County near Miami.
 It empties into the Arkansas northeast of Muskogee, just downstream from the confluence of the Verdigris River with the Arkansas.
 The area of convergence of the three rivers Arkansas, Verdigris and Neosho is called "Three Forks".
Octagon City is a ghost town in Allen County, Kansas, United States.
 It was a failed intentional community that was founded in 1856 about six miles (10 km) south of Humboldt, Kansas near the Neosho River.
 It was created by the Vegetarian Kansas Emigration Company, headed by prominent vegetarian Henry Clubb and entrepreneurs Charles DeWolfe and John McLaurin.
 The original intent was to build a vegetarian commune on the south side of the Neosho River for vegetarians only, but investor interest in a non-vegetarian moral community was much higher and so the decision was made to build Octagon City on the north side of the Neosho River to make the entire project sustainable.
 Members of Octagon City were under oath to educate their children and uphold a moral lifestyle.
Oswego is a city in and the county seat of Labette County, Kansas, United States, and situated along the Neosho River.
 As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,829.
