Cross-Country Romance is a 1940 American romantic comedy film starring Gene Raymond and Wendy Barrie.
 With the huge success of "It Happened One Night", the 1934 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Capra and starring Claudette Colbert and Clark Gable, every studio in Hollywood attempted to cash in with a similar storyline.
 In addition to this film, there was also "Love on the Run" (1936) from MGM, "The Bride Came C.O.D." (1941) by Warner Bros.; even Columbia Pictures, which had made "It Happened One Night", produced the musical remake "Eve Knew Her Apples" (1945).
The Personals is a 1982 romantic comedy written and directed by Peter Markle.
 It was shot in Minneapolis.
 The film was picked up for distribution by Roger Corman's New World Pictures.
The Anniversary is a 2009 romantic comedy written and directed by Canadian film-maker and film journalist John Campea.
 The film explores the stresses, stereotypes, and stigmas associated with thirty-something dating and relationships.
Premaku Velayara (English: Its Time For Love) is a 1999 Telugu, romantic comedy written and directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy, starring J. D. Chakravarthy and Soundarya in lead roles.
 Upon release the film and soundtrack received positive reviews, and became a super-hit.
Deep in the Valley (also known as "American Hot Babes" in the UK) is a 2009 romantic comedy written and directed by Christian Forte, son of 1950s and 1960s teen icon Fabian.
The Proposal is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Anne Fletcher and written by Peter Chiarelli.
 The film stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds with Betty White, Mary Steenburgen and Craig T. Nelson.
 The plot centers on a Canadian executive who learns that she may face deportation from the U.S. because of her expired visa.
 Determined to retain her position as editor in chief of a publishing house, she convinces her assistant to temporarily act as her fiancé.
Nuvvila (Telugu: నువ్విలా ) is a 2011 Telugu film romantic comedy written and directed by Ravi Babu.
 He introduces six new faces with this film in lead roles.
 Ajay, Havish, Prasad Barve, Yami Gautam, Sarayu and Remya Nambeesan.
 The film features music by Shekar Chandra and is produced by Ramoji Rao.
Unleashed is a 2016 American romantic comedy written and directed by Finn Taylor.
 The film stars Kate Micucci, Justin Chatwin, Steve Howey, Sean Astin and Hana Mae Lee.
In the Bleak Midwinter (also known as A Midwinter's Tale) is a 1995 British romantic comedy written and directed by Kenneth Branagh.
 Many of the roles in the film were written for specific actors.
 This was the first film directed by Branagh in which he did not appear.
Ed's Next Move is a 1996 American romantic comedy film written and directed by John C. Walsh.
 It stars Matt Ross and Callie Thorne.
 A micro-budget romantic comedy about a transplanted Midwesterner adapting to life in New York's East Village, the film appeared at the 1996 Sundance Film Festival where it received critical praise and was picked up by Orion Classics for theatrical release.
 The LA Times' Kenneth Turan called the movie "one of the most appealing, audience friendly films at Sundance," while Roger Ebert referred to the film as "a truth telling comedy with quiet wit and bright dialogue. "
 Sight & Sound called it "a perfectly formed romantic comedy."
