Ceylon Cold Stores (CCS), trading as Elephant House, is a Sri Lankan company which produces carbonated drinks, ice cream and processed meat products.
 Despite competition from global competitors such as Coca-Cola and Pepsi, Elephant Soft Drinks remains the market leader in Sri Lanka.
SodaStream International Ltd. (NASDAQ: SODA ) is an Israeli drinks company best known as the maker of the consumer home carbonation product of the same name.
 The device, like a soda syphon, carbonates water by adding carbon dioxide from a pressurized cylinder to create soda water (or carbonated water) to drink.
 The company also sells more than 100 types of concentrated syrups and flavourings to make carbonated drinks.
A Codd bottle is a type of bottle used for carbonated drinks.
 It has a unique closing design based on a glass marble which is held against a rubber seal, which sits within a recess in the lip.
Tampico Beverages is a manufacturer of juice concentrates, carbonated drinks, iced tea and gelatin.
 Selling under the TAMPICO brand name, it is available in the United States and more than 55 countries around the globe.
 Tampico Beverages is wholly owned by Houchens Industries, Inc, since 2008.
Liter of Light is a global open source movement aiming to provide ecologically sustainable and cost-free lighting for simple dwellings with thin roofs.
 The device is simple: a transparent 1.5–2 L plastic bottle, as typically used for carbonated drinks, is filled with water plus a little bleach to inhibit algal growth and fitted into a hole in a roof.
 The device functions like a deck prism: during daytime the water inside the bottle refracts sunlight, delivering about as much light as a 40–60 watt incandescent bulb to the interior.
 A properly installed solar bottle can last up to 5 years.
Banta also known as Fotash Jawl in Bengali, Goli Soda ("Goli" = spherical object in Hindi) or Goti Soda ("Goti" = marble in Hindi) is a colloquial term for a carbonated lemon or orange-flavoured soft drink popular in India.
 Though the origin of its name is from Punjabi word for marble (banta), Banta has been sold since the late 19th century, long before popular carbonated drinks arrived.
 The drink is often sold mixed with lemon juice, crushed ice, chaat masala and kala namak (black salt) as a carbonated variant of popular lemonades "shikanjvi" or "jal-jeera".
 It is available at street-sellers known as "bantawallahs" at prices ranging from - .
Schorle is a German beverage made by diluting juice or wine with carbonated water or lemonade (lemon-lime soda).
 The most common variety is Apfelschorle (made from apple juice and sparkling mineral water).
 Large bottles of Schorle can be found at most grocers, stores, supermarkets and anywhere else where carbonated drinks are sold, next to the soda.
 Due to its dilution it is less sweet or alcoholic than the original beverage, making it better suited as a refreshment on hot summer days or as an alternative to beer at the biergarten or .
Grape soft drinks (also known as grape drink, grape soda or grape pop in certain regions of the US) are typically sweetened carbonated drinks with a grape flavor.
Carbonated drinks are beverages that contain dissolved carbon dioxide.
 The dissolution of CO in a liquid, gives rise to "fizz" or "effervescence".
 The process usually involves carbon dioxide under high pressure.
 When the pressure is removed, the carbon dioxide is released from the solution as small bubbles, which causes the solution to become effervescent, or fizzy.
 A common example is the dissolving of carbon dioxide in water, resulting in carbonated water.
 Carbon dioxide is only weakly soluble in water, therefore it separates into a gas when the pressure is released.
Faygo Beverages, Inc., is a soft drink company headquartered in Detroit, Michigan.
 The beverages produced by the company, branded as Faygo or Faygo Pop, are distributed in the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic, and Central Southern regions of the United States, as well as southern Canada.
 Faygo is imported in Europe by American Fizz, an official distributor of Faygo.
 Faygo Beverages, Inc., is a wholly owned subsidiary of the National Beverage Corporation, started in Detroit, Michigan, in 1907 as Feigenson Brothers Bottling Works.
