Martin Hayter Short {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born March 26, 1950) is a Canadian-American actor and comedian.
 He is known for his work on the television programs "SCTV" and "Saturday Night Live".
 He has starred in comedy films, such as "Three Amigos" (1986), "Innerspace" (1987), "Three Fugitives" (1989), "Father of the Bride" (1991), "Pure Luck" (1991), "Captain Ron" (1992), "Father of the Bride Part II" (1995), "Mars Attacks!
" (1996) and "Jungle 2 Jungle" (1997), and created the characters, Jiminy Glick and Ed Grimley.
 In 1999, he won a Tony Award for his lead performance in a Broadway revival of "Little Me".
Primetime Glick is an American television series starring Martin Short as Jiminy Glick.
 The series aired from June 20, 2001, to July 3, 2003, on Comedy Central.
Founded by Bob Mair in 1991, Black Toast Music is an independent music publisher/production music library located in Los Angeles, CA.
 Since its launch, the company has placed music in television series (including “True Blood,” “Dexter,” “Treme,” and “The Wire,” and others), motion pictures (including “Arthur” with Russell Brand, “When In Rome” with Kristen Bell, “I Love You, Phillip Morris” with Jim Carrey, “Dead Silence,” “Jiminy Glick in Lalawood,” and others).
 Black Toast Music has also licensed its artists’ music to a variety videogames, national advertising campaigns, internet advertising campaigns, as well as, numerous multi-media presentations.
Edward Mayhoff 'Ed' Grimley is a fictional character created and portrayed by Martin Short.
 Developed amongst The Second City improv comedy troupe, Grimley made his television debut on the sketch comedy show "SCTV" in 1982, leading to popular success for both Short and the persona.
 Short continued to portray Grimley on "Saturday Night Live" and in various other appearances.
 The character also starred in the 1988 animated series "The Completely Mental Misadventures of Ed Grimley", as well as appearing in Short's 2012 comedy special "I, Martin Short, Goes Home".
Jiminy Glick in Lalawood is a 2004 comedy film starring Martin Short as Jiminy Glick, a morbidly obese movie critic who is involved in a murder case at the Toronto International Film Festival.
 The supporting cast features Jan Hooks, Janeane Garofalo, Linda Cardellini, Mo Collins and Aries Spears, and numerous cinema luminaries play themselves, such as Willem Dafoe, Whoopi Goldberg, Jake Gyllenhaal, Kevin Kline, Rob Lowe, Steve Martin, Kurt Russell, Susan Sarandon, Chloë Sevigny, Sharon Stone, Kiefer Sutherland and Forest Whitaker.
Jiminy Glick is a fictional character portrayed by Martin Short in the TV series "Primetime Glick" (2001–2003), the subsequent 2004 film "Jiminy Glick in Lalawood," and Short's Broadway show "".
 He began as a recurring character on "The Martin Short Show".
 When that show was cancelled, he was spun off into his own series, "Primetime Glick", which ran for three seasons.
"The Devil's in the Details" is a 2017 pop song recorded by American singer Jennifer Paige.
 The song was written by Jennifer Paige and produced by Jeremy Bose.
 It was released as the first single from her self-funded fourth album, "Starflower".
 The music video for "The Devil's in the Details" will be released on March 3, 2017, and was filmed in Nashville.
"Always You" is a 1999 pop song recorded by American singer Jennifer Paige.
 It was released in July 1999 as the third single released from her debut studio album "Jennifer Paige".
 The song was written by Andy Goldmark and J.D. Martin.
 For this single, "Always You" was remixed by Groove Brothers.
 The B-side is replayed by Mick Guzauski.
 "Always You" reached number six on the "Billboard" Dance/Club Play chart.
"Crush" is a 1998 pop song recorded by American singer Jennifer Paige.
 The song was written by Andy Goldmark, Mark Mueller, Berny Cosgrove and Kevin Clark.
 It was released as the first single from her debut album, "Jennifer Paige" (see 1998 in music).
 The music video for "Crush" was produced by Kati Haberstok and directed by David Hogan.
Jennifer Paige Chambers is a musical theatre performer, who has appeared in "The Producers" on Broadway with Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick, in Los Angeles with Martin Short and Jason Alexander, and in the National Tour with Louis Stadlen and Don Stephenson.
 She had the chance to co-star as the Swedish secretary, Ulla, with Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick.
