Orphans is a 1987 American drama film directed by Alan J. Pakula.
 It was written by Lyle Kessler, based on his play of the same name.

Comes a Horseman is a 1978 American western drama film starring Jane Fonda, James Caan, Jason Robards, and Richard Farnsworth, directed by Alan J. Pakula.
Robert Patrick Mulligan (August 23, 1925 – December 20, 2008) was an American film and television director best known as the director of humanistic American dramas, including "To Kill a Mockingbird" (1962), "Summer of '42" (1971), "The Other" (1972), "Same Time, Next Year" (1978) and "The Man in the Moon" (1991).
 He was also known in the 1960s for his extensive collaborations with producer Alan J. Pakula.
 He was the elder brother of actor Richard Mulligan.
Klute is a 1971 American neo-noir crime-thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula, written by Andy and Dave Lewis, and starring Jane Fonda, Donald Sutherland, Charles Cioffi, and Roy Scheider.
 It tells the story of a high-priced prostitute who assists a detective in solving a missing person case.
See You in the Morning is a 1989 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Alan J. Pakula, and starring Jeff Bridges, Alice Krige and Farrah Fawcett.
 It features music by Nat King Cole and Cherri Red.
 The film's music was composed by Michael Small.
Presumed Innocent is a 1990 American legal drama film based on the 1987 novel of the same name by Scott Turow.
 Directed by Alan J. Pakula, and written by Pakula and Frank Pierson, it stars Harrison Ford, Brian Dennehy, Raúl Juliá, Bonnie Bedelia, Paul Winfield and Greta Scacchi.
 "Presumed Innocent" follows Rusty Sabich (Ford), a prosecutor who is charged with the murder of his colleague and mistress Carolyn Polhemus (Scacchi).
The Parallax View is a 1974 American political thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula, and starring Warren Beatty, Hume Cronyn, William Daniels and Paula Prentiss.
 The film was adapted by David Giler, Lorenzo Semple Jr. and an uncredited Robert Towne from a 1970 novel by Loren Singer.
 The story concerns a reporter's investigation into a secretive organization, the Parallax Corporation, whose primary focus is political assassination.
Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing is a 1973 American comedy-drama film directed by Alan J. Pakula.
 It is often categorized as a drama, but contains many comic elements.
 Maggie Smith and Timothy Bottoms star.
Rollover is a 1981 American political thriller film directed by Alan J. Pakula and starring Jane Fonda and Kris Kristofferson.
 The film was nominated for a Razzie Awards for Worst Actor for Kristofferson.
The Pelican Brief is a 1993 American legal political thriller based on the novel of the same name by John Grisham.
 Directed by Alan J. Pakula, the film stars Julia Roberts in the role of young law student Darby Shaw and Denzel Washington as "Washington Herald" reporter Gray Grantham.
 The film, which features music composed by James Horner, was the last film that featured Pakula as a writer or producer before his death.
