The Edw.
 Malley Co., often abbreviated Malley's, was a prestigious department store in Downtown New Haven, Connecticut, from 1852 to 1982.
 Company produced postcards promoted the establishment as "The Metropolitan Store of Connecticut".
 In 2007, it was ranked among the "landmark consumer paradises" of New Haven's past, along with Macy's, Shartenberg's Department Store, and Grant's.
 The second site was regarded as "a crucial appendage" to the success of the Chapel Square Mall.
Security Square Mall is a large mall in the suburbs of Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
 The mall features over 100 stores and restaurants, as well as a food court, with Burlington Coat Factory, Macy's, Old Navy and Sears serving as anchor stores.
 One section of the mall, Seoul Plaza (formerly JCPenney), previously included Korean shops and restaurants; however, most of these establishments had closed by 2010.
 Modell's Sporting Goods at Security closed down in late 2008 and now is a USA Discounters store.
 Security Square Mall is located adjacent to the North American School of Trades.
Towne West Square is an enclosed shopping mall located in Wichita, Kansas, United States.
 Opened in 1980, it comprises more than 100 stores in 951447 sqft of gross leasable area.
 The mall's five anchor stores include Convergys, Dick's Sporting Goods, two Dillard's locations and JCPenney.
 Sears (the sixth anchor store) closed in December 2014, leaving one anchor space vacant.
 The original anchor stores in the mall were: Dillard's, Henry's, JC Penney, Montgomery Ward and Service Merchandise.
 Sears opened in 1994 (14 years after the rest of the mall) moving a store from the open air Twin Lakes Shopping Center.
 There is a drop in daycare closest to JCPenny that opened in May 2015 called the Kiddie Klubhouse.
North Shore Square is a 621192 sqft shopping mall in Slidell, Louisiana.
 The mall is the largest mall on the Northshore of Lake Pontchartrain, fifth largest in the New Orleans area and the 11th largest in Louisiana.
 The mall is home to two anchor stores, Dillard's, and At Home, as well as approximately 23 other stores.
 All the anchor stores are on one level.
 The mall did not flood during Hurricane Katrina and experienced no serious damage.
 The mall formerly had Mervyns as an anchor store, but closed shortly after the storm when Mervyn's pulled out of the Louisiana market.
 The store was eventually replaced by Burlington Coat Factory, which is now closed due to corporate downsizing.
 JCPenney closed on July 31, 2017.
 The mall has struggled partially due to increased internet-based sales as well as an open-air shopping center located on the opposite side of town, to which it lost some of its tenants.
 Following a nationwide trend, the mall's future is uncertain as many former mall-based stores have either closed completely or downsized nationally, and enclosed shopping malls across the country are challenged by new consumer trends and shifting paradigms.
Washington Square Mall is a shopping mall located in Evansville, Indiana, United States.
 It opened October 31, 1963 and was the first enclosed shopping center in Indiana.
 Developed by Erie Investments, the mall was originally anchored by Sears and an A & P supermarket.
 Louisville-based Stewart Dry Goods was added, as a second anchor department store, in 1969.
 This store -as well as the entire chain- was merged with Indianapolis' L. S. Ayres chain in 1980.
Eastern Hills Mall is a shopping mall located at the western border of the Town of Clarence in Erie County, New York, United States.
 It lies on Transit Road (New York State Route 78, a 73.49-mile state highway), which in the vicinity of the mall, divides Clarence, New York from the town of Amherst, New York east of (Buffalo, New York).
 The mall is north of the junction of NY-78 with NY-5, and Main Street.
 The name "Eastern Hills" refers to the very low hills that contribute to a slightly higher elevation than the bordering areas along the Onondaga Escarpment.
 Eastern Hills Mall is part of a long commercial strip on Transit Road.
 It consists of two long wings running north and south and one short wing running east and west, which connects the north-south wings in a "double L-shaped" formation.
 A major department store is at the end of each wing.
 A food court is located adjacent to the end of the long south wing.
 A three-screen movie theater showing mainly independent films is also located in the mall, as well as a small New York State Department of Motor Vehicles office.
 Surrounding the mall is a large, but generally unkept, parking lot.
 The ratio of the mall is so large, it provides the highest parking ratio of any Buffalo area mall.
 Much of the parking lot space is leased to area car dealerships to store overstock vehicles due to the low volume of shoppers at the mall.
 Eastern Hills Mall is currently at approximately 70% occupancy, with many vacant stores throughout the mall and popular anchor store Dave & Busters shuttering its doors in 2015 to move to the nearby Walden Galleria.
 Eastern Hills is considered by many area residents to be a "dead mall" and is listed on the website Deadmalls.com.
 Most major and nationally recognized retailers have left and been replaced by independently owned "mom-and-pop" type stores, selling crafts and homemade goods.
 It is common for retailers to open and close within their first few months, unable to turn a profit due to the low volume of shoppers that still visit Eastern Hills Mall.
Everett Mall is a 673000 sqft indoor/outdoor shopping mall located in Everett, Washington, USA.
 Planned in the late 1960s, the mall began with the construction of two anchor stores, Sears in 1969 and White Front in 1971.
 The mall was originally built and opened in 1974 after the Boeing bust stalled construction in 1972.
 It was further plagued upon opening with one anchor store closing before opening as well as a low tenant rate.
 The mall began to rebound after The Bon Marche opened in 1977, leading to the construction of an additional wing to the mall anchored by the upscale Frederick & Nelson department store.
Stratford Square Mall is a shopping mall in Bloomingdale, Illinois.
 The 1300000 sqft mall has four anchors: Carson's, Kohl's, Sears, and Burlington Coat Factory with two vacant anchors last occupied by JCPenney and Macy's.
Enfield Square Mall, formerly Westfield Shoppingtown Enfield Square, is an enclosed shopping mall that is located in Enfield, Connecticut.
 The mall is owned by J.P. Morgan Chase.
 At 788,000 sqft , Enfield Square is the 10th largest mall in the State of Connecticut, containing 54 shops, all on one level.
 There is currently only a single anchor store: Target.
Macy's, originally R. H. Macy & Co., is a department store owned by Macy's, Inc. It is one of two divisions owned by the company, with the other being Bloomingdale's.
 s of 2016 , the Macy's division operates 728 department store locations in the continental United States, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and Guam, including the Herald Square flagship location in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
