"Sweet Nothing" is a song by Scottish recording artist and record producer Calvin Harris from his third studio album, "18 Months" (2012).
 It features vocals from Florence and the Machine singer Florence Welch.
 Harris previously worked with the band in a remix of their single, "Spectrum" (2012).
 While recording "18 Months", Harris expressed interest in working with Welch.
 He mentioned that it was not easy and he had to chase her, due to schedule conflicts.
 Welch accepted his invitation and the two recorded "Sweet Nothing".
 The track premiered on "The Chris Moyles Show" on BBC Radio 1 on 28 August 2012 and was later released as the fifth single from the album on 12 October 2012.
Florence and the Machine (stylised as Florence + the Machine) are an English indie rock band that formed in London in 2007, consisting of lead singer Florence Welch, keyboardist Isabella Summers, and a collaboration of other artists.
 The band's music received praise across the media, especially from the BBC, which played a large part in their rise to prominence by promoting Florence and the Machine as part of "BBC Introducing".
 At the 2009 Brit Awards they received the Brit Awards "Critics' Choice" award.
 The band's music is renowned for its dramatic and eccentric production and also Welch's powerful vocal performances.
The Ceremonials Tour was the second concert tour by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine.
 The tour included performances at Music festivals because it is lead singer Florence Welch's favourite way to perform live.
 Welch had originally planned to spend over one year touring for "Ceremonials" (their previous tour lasted almost three and a half years) before announcing that the December 2012 dates would be the final performances of the tour.
 On 25 February 2013 it was announced that Florence and the Machine would be playing at the Coke Live Music Festival in Poland on 10 August 2013, and on 26 March 2013 it was announced that the band would be playing at Chime for Change's "The Sound of Change Live" concert at London's Twickenham Stadium alongside Beyoncé, Ellie Goulding and Haim, amongst others.
Lungs is the debut studio album by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine, released on 3 July 2009 on Island Records.
 Frontwoman Florence Welch experimented with and honed the album's sound with bandmate Isabella Summers, while also collaborating with five record producers including James Ford, Paul Epworth, Steve Mackey.
 The music on "Lungs" established Florence and the Machine as an internationally successful rock act, and also featured the group's successful mix of string arrangements centered around Welch's vocal prowess.
"What the Water Gave Me" is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their second studio album "Ceremonials" (2011).
 The song was written by lead singer Florence Welch and Francis "Eg" White, and produced by Paul Epworth.
 It was released on 23 August 2011 as the first promotional single from "Ceremonials".
 After the band performed the song in Berkeley, California on 12 June 2011, the studio version premiered on Florence and the Machine's official website.
 Welch decided to name the song "What the Water Gave Me" after seeing a Frida Kahlo painting of the same name.
 During an interview, she confirmed that the song was inspired by English writer Virginia Woolf.
John Raymond Kavanagh (born January 18, 1977) is an Irish martial arts coach, brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner and former professional mixed martial artist.
 His students include fighters such as Conor McGregor and Gunnar Nelson.
No Light, No Light is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their second studio album, "Ceremonials" (2011).
 The song was written by band members Florence Welch and Isabella Summers while the production was handled by Paul Epworth.
 Island Records released the song as the second single from the album on 16 January 2012.
 The song was the first one written for the album in the band's tour bus in Amsterdam.
 Lyrically, in the song, Welch is expressing frustration about the state of her fragile relationship and she further tries to keep it together.
 "No Light, No Light" received positive reviews by music critics who generally praised Welch's vocals and the drum-led instrumentation.
 It was also placed on several critics' year-end lists of best singles.
 The song peaked at number fifty on the UK Singles Chart, the Irish Singles Chart and number thirty nine on the US "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.
"Shake It Out" is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine, released as the first official single from their second studio album, "Ceremonials" (2011).
 It was written by Florence Welch and Paul Epworth, while production was handled by Epworth.
 The song was digitally released in Australia on 14 September 2011, and it was available in the United States on 19 October.
 It had its radio debut on XFM on 14 September 2011 in the United Kingdom.
 Welch revealed that the song was written within an hour and according to her it talked about shaking the regrets and the things that were haunting her.
"Wish That You Were Here" is a song by the English indie rock band Florence and the Machine, written by Florence Welch, Andrew Wyatt, and Emilie Haynie, and was released on Island Records on 26 August 2016.
 The song was made available via digital download, and is featured on the soundtrack of the film "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" which was directed by Tim Burton.
 Welch — a long-time fan of Burton's work — had expressed interest in collaborating with him long before the recording of "Wish That You Were Here" as they shared similar artistic themes.
 Upon release, the composition was positively received by music critics and reached number 128 on the UK Singles Chart.
Nelson is an American rock band founded by singer/songwriters Matthew and Gunnar Nelson (twin sons of Ricky Nelson and Kristin Nelson).
 The band achieved success during the early 1990s with their double platinum debut album "After the Rain", which featured the number-one hit "(Can't Live Without Your) Love and Affection".
