Aidan McGrath is an Irish youth activist.
 He is the former President of Ireland's National Youth Organisation.
 He was twice elected to represent his Constituency of Fingal in Ireland's National Youth Parliament, Dáil na nÓg, and was Chairperson of both the Swords Youth Council and the Fingal Comhairle na nÓg.
 McGrath is a member of both Fingal County Council's General Strategic Policy Committee and the Planning Strategic Policy Committee.
 In 2010 he was named one of the top Youth Leaders in both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland by the National Association of Principals and Deputy Principals and the General Teaching Council for Northern Ireland.
 McGrath continues to maintain a public profile in the area of political activism, and in 2012 he was named one of the top ten outstanding young people of Ireland by Junior Chamber International.
Kaysie Lackey (born Brentwood, Tennessee, USA) is a food artist and cake decorating instructor based in Seattle, Washington.
 As owner of The People's Cake in Seattle, WA, she has been featured in wedding and cake magazines, including "Brides", Martha Stewart Weddings", "Modern Wedding Cakes", "Seattle Bride", "Seattle Metropolitan Bride and Groom" and "American Cake Decorating".
 In 2015 Kaysie was also profiled in The Wall Street Journal's "What's In Her Bag?"
.
 She is a frequent competitor on Food Network Challenge cake decorating competitions, having been featured on four different episodes, and winning three as of 2012.
 She was also featured on Food Network's "Last Cake Standing".
 Kaysie teaches at cake decorating schools in the United Kingdom, United States, Mexico, Canada, Australia, Asia, Africa, South America, India,throughout Europe, and the Middle East.
 The People's Cake was named one of "Brides" magazine's Top 100 Cake Decorators in the United States in 2013.
 Kaysie was named one of "Martha Stewart Wedding's" Top 63 Pastry Professionals in 2014 and "Dessert Professionals" magazine's Top Ten Wedding Cake Decorators of North America in 2015.
Backstage (aka Back Stage) is an entertainment-industry brand aimed at people working in film and the performing arts, with a special focus on casting, job opportunities, and career advice.
Blackout Improv is an improvisational comedy theatre troupe in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 Founded in 2015, the cast is completely black.
 Topics of monthly comedy performances include standard improv audience suggestions as well as a special focus on civil rights issues like police brutality, white privilege, and cultural appropriation.
 Blackout Improv responded to the shooting of Jamar Clark as well as the acquittal of police officer Jeronimo Yanez after the shooting of Philando Castile.
Frank Wolf (born 1970) is a Canadian adventurer, filmmaker, writer and environmentalist.
 He is known for films, feature magazine articles, and online columns that document wilderness expeditions around the world, with a focus on the Canadian North.
 His expeditions include being the first to canoe across Canada in one season and cycling 2,000 km in winter on the Yukon River from Dawson to Nome.
 His films include "Wild Ones", "The Hand of Franklin", "Kitturiaq", "On the Line", "Mammalian", and "Borealis", all of which broadcast on CBC's "documentary "channel in Canada.
 In 2012 he was named one of Canada's Top Ten Adventurers by Explore Magazine, and in 2015 he was named One of Canada's Top 100 Explorers by Canadian Geographic Magazine.
S&Man (pronounced as Sandman) is a 2006 pseudo-documentary film that examines the underground subculture of horror films.
 It contains interviews with indie horror filmmakers and other horror experts, including Erik Marcisak, Bill Zebub, Fred Vogel, Carol J. Clover, and Debbie D., as well as a scripted plot that comes into focus in the film's second half.
A nuclepore filter (brand name Nuclepore from Whatman, part of GE Healthcare) is a kind of filter in which holes a few micrometres in size have been created in a plastic (e.g. polycarbonate) membrane.
 These filters are generally created by exposing the membrane to radiation that weakens the plastic and creates specific areas that can be removed by dousing the membrane in acid (or other chemicals).
 The technique and patent were developed by Robert L. Fleischer, P. Buford Price, and Robert M. Walker as an outgrowth of their research on radiation effects in solids, with a special focus on materials exposed to energetic particles in space.
 The technique allows for creating uniform holes of any desired diameter to allow even a virus to be filtered.
Eurogliders are a band formed in 1980 in Perth, Western Australia, which included Grace Knight on vocals, Bernie Lynch on guitar and vocals, and Amanda Vincent on keyboards.
 In 1984, Eurogliders released an Australian top ten album, "This Island", which spawned their No. 2 hit single, "Heaven (Must Be There)".
 "Heaven" also peaked at No. 21 on the United States "Billboard" Mainstream Rock charts and appeared on the Hot 100.
 Another Australian top ten album, "Absolutely", followed in 1985, which provided two further local top ten singles, "We Will Together", and "Can't Wait to See You".
 They disbanded in 1989, with Knight having a successful career as a jazz singer.
 Australian rock music historian Ian McFarlane described Eurogliders as "the accessible face of post-punk new wave music.
 The band's sophisticated brand of pop was traditional in its structure, but displayed the decidedly 'modern veneer' (hip clothes, heavy use of synthesiser)".
 The band reformed in 2005 releasing a new album followed ten years later by their sixth album.
Erik Marcisak (pronounced "Mar-See-Sack") (born March 17, 1978 in Queens, NY), is an American writer, sketch comedy producer, actor and VIP customer of David Gagnon taxi, based in Charlottetown, PEI.
 Erik Marcisak was named one of "Backstage"'s Top Ten "Comedy Best Bets" in 2005 for producing the controversial sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Rewritten", which used the previous night's "Saturday Night Live" as a creative jumping-off point for an entirely new sketch show that was written, rehearsed, and performed within 8 hours the next day.
 "Saturday Night Rewritten" ran in New York City from 2003-2006.
Stefan Kiesbye is a German novelist and poet.
 His first novel, "Next Door Lived a Girl" won the Low Fidelity Press Novella Award.
 The German edition was a KrimiWelt Top Ten crime novel pick for four consecutive months.
 The book has also been translated into Dutch, Spanish and Japanese.
 His second novel,"Your House Is on Fire, Your Children All Gone" was a Top Ten pick of Oprah Magazine, made Entertainment Weekly’s Must List, and was named one of the best books of 2012 by "Slate" editor Dan Kois.
 Kiesbye's stories, essays, and reviews have appeared in "The Wall Street Journal", "Publishers Weekly", and the "Coachella Review", among others.
