"Be Happy" is the hit lead single by American R&B recording artist Mary J. Blige from her critically acclaimed second studio album, "My Life" (1994).
 Co-written and performed by the artist, the song was also written with Sean Combs, Arlene DelValle and J.C. Olivier.
 The song contains an instrumental sample of "You're So Good To Me" by musician Curtis Mayfield and a re-sung vocal portion of "I Want You" by Marvin Gaye.
 The song reached number 29 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Blige's third single to reach the top forty of that chart, while reaching number six on the R&B singles chart, becoming her fifth top-ten single on that particular chart.
 The music video is well known as it was directed from September 16–17, 1994 by Diddy and Hype Williams, shows Mary singing in a white background amidst other things, including stand abroad of a mountain creek.
 It reached the top 40 in the UK, reaching number thirty on the UK Singles Chart, staying on the charts for five weeks.
The Chuck Berry House is the former home of Chuck Berry in St. Louis, Missouri located at 3137 Whittier Street.
 The house was Berry's home when he wrote and first performed the majority of songs with which he is identified, including "Maybellene" (1955), "Roll Over Beethoven" (1956), "Too Much Monkey Business" (1956), "Rock and Roll Music" (1957), "School Day" (1957), "Sweet Little Sixteen" (1958), and "Johnny B. Goode" (1958).
"No Money Down" is a song written and recorded by Chuck Berry in December 1955.
 The recording session was organized by Chess Records following the success of "Maybellene" and "Wee Wee Hours" singles the same year.
 "No Money Down" was first released as a single in January 1956, with "Down Bound Train" on the B-side, reaching number 8 in the "Billboard" R&B chart.
 The song was later included into Chuck Berry's 1957 album "After School Session".
This is a listing of all the singles and albums released by Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas.
 12 of their singles reached the "Billboard" Top 40 singles chart in the US while 22 singles registered on the Top 40 of the US R&B chart, two of which went to #1 on the chart.
 Six of the singles were Top 10 pop singles while ten were Top 10 R&B singles.
 Of all the songs they released, 25 of their singles were Hot 100 pop singles with 26 registering on the Hot 100 R&B singles chart.
Chuck Berry's Golden Decade is a compilation of music by Chuck Berry, released in three volumes in 1967, 1973, and 1974.
 Covering the decade from 1955 to 1964, each volume consists of a two-LP set of 24 songs recorded by Berry.
 The first volume reached number 72 on "Billboard"'s Pop Albums" chart.
 The second volume peaked at number 110.
 The third volume, which included only two hit singles among its tracks, did not chart.
"Rock and Roll Music" is a 1957 hit single written and recorded by rock and roll star Chuck Berry.
 The song has been widely covered and is recognized as one of Berry's most popular and enduring compositions.
 In the fall of 1957, his recording reached number 6 on "Billboard" magazine's R&B Singles chart and number 8 on its Hot 100 chart.
Promised Land is a 1975 album by American singer and musician Elvis Presley on RCA Records.
 It was recorded in December 1973 at Stax Records studios in Memphis and released on Presley's 40th birthday in January, 1975.
 The material was the second pick from the December 1973 session, as the songs considered strongest had been issued on "Good Times".
 The title track, a cover of the 1965 hit by Chuck Berry, was issued earlier as a single on September 27, 1974, and hit number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and the UK top ten.
 Its flip side, "It's Midnight", reached 9 on the Country Charts.
 Another hit single from the album was "If You Talk in Your Sleep" reaching 17 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 In the US the album only reached number 47 on the "Billboard" Top 200 chart but reached 1 in "Billboard"'s Top Country LPs chart.
 The album also reached 1 in the Country Cashbox albums chart.
 In the UK the album reached #21.
"Footsteps in the Dark" is a 1977 slow jam recorded by The Isley Brothers as an album track featured on the group's double-platinum album, "Go For Your Guns".
 It was the B-side to "Groove with You", which reached #16 on the R&B singles chart.
 Track also noted Ron Isley's growing transition into singing more ballads, compared to the band's more funk approach.
 While the song didn't chart on either the pop or R&B singles chart, it still garnered popularity initially for its laid-back grooves and the solemn lyrics (the song discussed infidelity) and later would be the basis of a sample years later first by rap group Compton's Most Wanted on their album "Straight Checkn 'Em" on the track "Can I Kill It?"
 and rapper Ice Cube, who used the musical instrumental of the song for his breakthrough hit, "It Was a Good Day".
 While the song is well noted for its unique guitar timbre which can be heard on other Isley Brother tracks such as "Voyage to Atlantis".
 However, the track is most commonly sampled for its unique syncopated drum riff.
Anything Goes!
 is the second album by the US dance group C+C Music Factory.
 The album's lead single "Do You Wanna Get Funky"; which featured Martha Wash, Zelma Davis, and Trilogy, reached #1 on the Dance/Club Play charts, #40 on the Hot 100, and #11 on the R&B Singles chart.
 The follow-up single, "Take a Toke" reached #23 on the Dance/Club Play and #48 on the R&B Singles chart.
Communication is the third studio album by American musician Bobby Womack.
 The album was released on September 15, 1971, by United Artists Records.
 It reached No. 5 on the "Billboard" R&B chart and No. 20 on the "Billboard" Jazz Chart in 1972.
 It included the hit single, "That's The Way I Feel About Cha", which charted at No. 2 on the "Billboard" R&B Singles chart and No. 27 on the "Billboard" pop chart.
 The album became Womack's breakthrough spawning the hit single "That's The Way I Feel About Cha" and a favorite Womack album track, "(If You Don't Want My Love) Give It Back", which Womack recorded three times after the original, the first remake, a slower acoustic version, was issued on the soundtrack of the film, "Across 110th Street", and an instrumental by J. J. Johnson's band.
 The fourth time Womack recorded it was with Rolling Stones singer and musician Ron Wood.
 Womack recorded his own versions of James Taylor's "Fire and Rain", Ray Stevens' "Everything Is Beautiful" and featured a spoken word monologue in his cover of the Burt Bacharach and Hal David standard, "(They Long To Be) Close to You".
