Paul William Goodman (February 25, 1905 – October 1, 1959) was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender who played three seasons in the NHL with the Chicago Black Hawks.
 Mike Karakas, the regular goaltender was injured and unable to play game 1 of the Stanley Cup Finals.
 Chicago used substitution goalie Alfie Moore.
 Moore won the game 3-1 over Toronto.
 Toronto then refused to let Moore play the next game, but agreed to allow Paul Goodman to play.
 Chicago lost 5-1 to Toronto.
 Karakas returned from injuries to win the next 2 games.
 Chicago became the first of only 2 teams (see 1949 Toronto) to win the Stanley Cup with a losing record.
 Chicago included Goodman name on the Stanley Cup in 1938 for his efforts.
Hannibal is a 2001 American psychological horror film directed by Ridley Scott, adapted from the novel of the same name by Thomas Harris.
 It is the sequel to the 1991 Academy Award–winning film "The Silence of the Lambs" in which Anthony Hopkins returns to his role as the iconic serial killer, Hannibal Lecter.
 Julianne Moore co-stars, in the role first held by Jodie Foster, as FBI Special Agent Clarice Starling.
Nine Months is a 1995 romantic comedy film directed by Chris Columbus.
 It stars Hugh Grant, Julianne Moore, Tom Arnold, Joan Cusack, Jeff Goldblum, and Robin Williams.
 The movie is a US remake of the French movie "Neuf mois" and served as Grant's first US starring role.
 It was filmed on location in the San Francisco Bay Area.
 The original music score was composed by Hans Zimmer.
Wash Westmoreland, also called Wash West, (born 4 March 1966) is an independent film director who has worked in television, documentaries, and independent films.
 His 2006 release, "Quinceañera", had a double Sundance win (Audience Award and Grand Jury Prize), and it also picked up the Humanitas Prize and the John Cassavetes Spirit Award.
 In 2008, Westmoreland produced an MTV film "Pedro" about AIDS activist Pedro Zamora that was introduced on MTV by U.S. President Bill Clinton.
 Working with his partner Richard Glatzer, he directed "The Last of Robin Hood" in 2012 starring Kevin Kline, Susan Sarandon, and Dakota Fanning that was released in August 2014 by Goldwyn.
 The duo's next film "Still Alice", based on Lisa Genova's NYT bestselling book, starred Julianne Moore, Kristen Stewart, and Alec Baldwin.
 It premiered at Toronto International Film Festival in 2014 and was immediately picked up for distribution by Sony Picture Classics.
 It went on to win many awards, especially for leading actress Julianne Moore, who won the SAG Award, the Independent Spirit Award, the BAFTA and the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Julianne Moore is an American actress who made her acting debut on television in 1984 in the mystery series "The Edge of Night".
 The following year she made her first appearance in the soap opera "As the World Turns", which earned her a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Ingenue in a Drama Series in 1988.
 Moore went on to appear in the television films, "Money, Power, Murder" (1989) and "The Last to Go" (1991)—before her breakthrough role as artist Marian Wyman in Robert Altman's drama film "Short Cuts" (1993).
 Her performance garnered critical acclaim as well as notoriety for a monologue her character delivers while nude below the waist.
Far from Heaven is a 2002 American drama film written and directed by Todd Haynes, and starring Julianne Moore, Dennis Quaid, Dennis Haysbert and Patricia Clarkson.
 It premiered at the Venice Film Festival, where Moore won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress and cinematographer Edward Lachman won a prize for Outstanding Individual Contribution.
Mercy Chinwo is a Nigerian singer and actress, who came into limelight for winning the Etisalat and Pepsi sponsored, Nigerian Idol, Season 2 in 2012.
 She started her musical career by lending her vocals to musical projects by popular Nigerian gospel music artists such as Sammie Okposo, JoePraize, Buchi, Chris Morgan, and Preye.
 A year after winning the Nigerian Idols, she nicked her first movie role in Yvonne Nelson's award winning movie,House of Gold starring alongside Yvonne Nelson, Majid Michel, Omawumi, Ice Prince, Francis Odega and Eddie Watson, where she was also nominated at the 2013 Ghana Movie Awards for best music, original song.
An Ideal Husband is a 1999 film based on the play "An Ideal Husband" by Oscar Wilde.
 The film stars Jeremy Northam, Rupert Everett, Julianne Moore, Minnie Driver and Cate Blanchett.
 It was directed by Oliver Parker.
Suburbicon is a 2017 American crime comedy film directed by George Clooney and written by Joel Coen, Ethan Coen, Clooney and Grant Heslov.
 The film stars Matt Damon, Julianne Moore and Oscar Isaac.
 It was screened in the main competition section of the 74th Venice International Film Festival and premiered on September 2, 2017.
 It was also screened at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival, and is scheduled to be released in the United States on October 27, 2017.
The Hours is a 1998 novel written by Michael Cunningham.
 It won the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, the 1999 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction, and was later made into an Oscar-winning 2002 movie of the same name starring Nicole Kidman, Meryl Streep and Julianne Moore.
