Ethel Houbiers is a French voice actress.
 She is the French voice of Penélope Cruz and Salma Hayek.
Roger Carel (born Roger Bancharel; 14 August 1927) is a French actor and voice talent, known for his recurring film roles as Asterix, the French voice of "Star Wars'" C-3PO, and the French voice of "Winnie the Pooh".
 He is also dubbing David Suchet as Hercule Poirot in Agatha Christie's Poirot.
 He voiced Wally Gator, Mickey Mouse and Woody Woodpecker in French.
 He was born in Paris, France.
Béatrice Picard, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} , {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born July 3, 1929 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian actress.
 She is well known in Quebec for the countless roles she has played on the French Canadian theatre and television scene during an ongoing acting career spanning over six decades.
 She became a household name in Quebec for her acting role as Angelina Desmarais in one of the first French Canadian "télé-roman" series called "Le survenant" in the early days of French-speaking television.
 She then went on to a prolific career in televised comedies such as "Cré Basil" and "Symphorien".
 She also played in numerous theatre productions, summer plays, and films.
 Most recently, she is well known as the Quebec French voice of Marge Simpson in "The Simpsons".
Virginie Ledieu (born August 2, 1960) is a French voice actress who specializes in dubbing.
 She is the daughter of Marion Game.
 She is the official dubbing voice of Alyson Hannigan.
Bernard Alane (born Bernard Noël Vetel 25 December 1948 in Paris) is a French actor and singer, he is the son of actress Annick Alane.
 He is best known in France for his roles in two films directed by Edouard Molinaro, "Hibernatus" and "Mon oncle Benjamin", but has achieved better fame as voice actor, practically in dubbing.
 He is the official French voice of Stanley Tucci and Ray Liotta.
Christophe Lemoine (born 1978) is a French voice actor who specializes in dubbing.
 He is best known as the voice of Samwise Gamgee in "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy and Eric Cartman in "South Park".
Emmanuel Curtil (born 7 February 1971) is a French actor known primarily for his voice work, having dubbed the voice of Matthew Perry (Chandler) for the first eight seasons of the American sitcom "Friends".
 Curtil is also the "French voice" of Jim Carrey.
 He is also the current voice of Goofy, assuming that duty from Gérard Rinaldi, who died in 2012.
Lisette Dufour (Born 1949) is a Québécoise voice actress who is better known as the French voice of Lisa Simpson on "The Simpsons".
Mary Forbes (30 December 1883 – 22 July 1974) was a British film actress, based in the United States in her latter years, where she died.
 She appeared in more than 130 films between 1919 and 1958.
 Her legal name was Mrs. Ethel Louise Taylor (later Quartermaine, and later still, Wall), according to her son's 6 November 1904 baptismal record which records his parents' names as Ernest John and Ethel Louise Taylor; however, it is unclear if Forbes was her maiden name.
 The dates and lengths of her three marriages are also unknown.
Dorothée Jemma (born June 16, 1956) is a French voice actress specializing in dubbing.
 She is the dub voice of Jennifer Aniston, Melanie Griffith and Sheryl Lee.
