George Bernard Shaw ( ; 26 July 1856 – 2 November 1950), known at his insistence simply as Bernard Shaw, was an Irish playwright, critic and polemicist whose influence on Western theatre, culture and politics extended from the 1880s to his death and beyond.
 He wrote more than sixty plays, including major works such as "Man and Superman" (1902), "Pygmalion" (1912)" and Saint Joan" (1923).
 With a range incorporating both contemporary satire and historical allegory, Shaw became the leading dramatist of his generation, and in 1925 was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature.
The Jean-Paul Sartre Experience, later renamed JPS Experience after a lawsuit by the estate of Jean-Paul Sartre, were an indie rock band on New Zealand's Flying Nun Records.
Saint Genet, Actor and Martyr (French: "Saint Genet, comédien et martyr" ) is a book by the French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre about the writer Jean Genet especially on his "The Thief's Journal".
 It was first published in 1952.
 Sartre described it as an attempt "to prove that genius is not a gift but the way out that one invents in desperate cases."
 Sartre also based his character Goetz in his play "The Devil and the Good Lord" (1951) on his analysis of Genet's psychology and morality.
 Sartre has been credited by David M. Halperin with providing, "a brilliant, subtle, and thoroughgoing study of the unique subjectivity and gender positioning of gay men".
The Jean-Paul Sartre Experience is an EP by New Zealand band Jean-Paul Sartre Experience released in 1986.
Gingold Theatrical Group, often abbreviated as GTG, is a New York-based non-profit theatre company.
 It was founded in 2006 by American actor and director David Staller.
 Its mission is to present works that carry the humanitarian values of writer and critic George Bernard Shaw.
 It presents several series, including the annual festival Shaw New York, and the monthly series of staged readings, Project Shaw.
 Through this series, GTG became the first theatre group to present all 65 of George Bernard Shaw's plays.
Bianca Lamblin (born Bienenfeld) (April 1921 in Lublin – 5 November 2011) was a French writer who was romantically involved with both Jean-Paul Sartre and his lifelong companion Simone de Beauvoir, for a number of years.
 Her book, "Mémoires d'une Jeune Fille Dérangée" (published in English under the title, "A Disgraceful Affair"), is an account of her long-lasting involvement with two of the most prominent French thinkers of the twentieth century.
 In correspondence between Sartre and Beauvoir, the pseudonym Louise Védrine was used when referring to Bianca in "Lettres au Castor" and in "Lettres à Sartre".
 Lamblin later lamented of being abused by both Sartre and Beauvoir.
SHAW: The Annual of Bernard Shaw Studies is an academic journal devoted to the works and life of George Bernard Shaw.
 The journal is published annually by the Penn State University Press.
 The journal formerly went by the names "Bulletin (Shaw Society of America)" (1951–1958) and "The Shaw Review" (1959–1980).
LÉ "George Bernard Shaw" (P64) is a "Samuel Beckett"-class offshore patrol vessel (OPV) which, as of March 2017 , is under construction for the Irish Naval Service.
 It is expected to be named for writer George Bernard Shaw, and the fourth ship in a series of vessels designed by Vard Marine and built by Babcock Marine Appledore.
Critique of Dialectical Reason (French: "Critique de la raison dialectique" ) is a 1960 book by the philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre, in which the author further develops the existentialist Marxism he first expounded in his essay "Search for a Method" (1957).
 "Critique of Dialectical Reason" and "Search for a Method" were written as a common manuscript, with Sartre intending the former to logically precede the latter.
 Sartre's second large-scale philosophical treatise, "Being and Nothingness" (1943) having been the first, "Critique of Dialectical Reason" has been seen by some as an abandonment of Sartre's original existentialism, while others have seen it as a continuation and elaboration of his earlier work.
 It was translated into English by Alan Sheridan-Smith.
The Transcendence of the Ego (French: "La Transcendance de l'ego: Esquisse d'une description phénomenologique" ) is a philosophical and psychological essay written by Jean-Paul Sartre in 1934 and published in 1936.
 The essay demonstrates Sartre’s transition from traditional phenomenological thinking and most notably his break from Edmund Husserl’s school of thought (phenomenology), and into his own.
 This transition is more apparent after Sartre’s military service from 1939 where we observe a rather more sympathetic view of being in the world, a topic that is dealt with in much greater detail in his 1943 work "Being and Nothingness".
 This essay begins Sartre's study and hybridisation of phenomenology and ontology.
