"22 Short Films About Springfield" is the twenty-first episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 14, 1996.
 It was written by Richard Appel, David S. Cohen, Jonathan Collier, Jennifer Crittenden, Greg Daniels, Brent Forrester, Dan Greaney, Rachel Pulido, Steve Tompkins, Josh Weinstein, Bill Oakley, and Matt Groening, with the writing being supervised by Daniels.
 The episode was directed by Jim Reardon.
 Phil Hartman guest starred as Lionel Hutz and the hospital board chairman.
 The episode looks into the lives of other Springfield residents in a series of linked stories and originated from the end segment of the season four episode "The Front".
 The episode is a loose parody of "Pulp Fiction", which gave the staff the idea of a possible spin-off from "The Simpsons".
 The title is a reference to the film "Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould".
 The episode received positive reviews from critics.
"Lost Our Lisa" is the twenty-fourth episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 10, 1998.
 The episode contains the last appearance of the character Lionel Hutz.
 When Lisa learns that Marge cannot give her a ride to the museum and forbids her to take the bus, she tricks Homer into giving her permission.
 After Lisa gets lost, Homer goes looking for her and the two end up visiting the museum together.
 The episode is analyzed in the books "Planet Simpson", "The Psychology of the Simpsons: D'oh!
", and "", and received positive mention in "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide".
Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Nine is a comic book series published by Dark Horse Comics from 2011 to 2013.
 It is the sequel to the "Season Eight" comic book series, a canonical continuation of the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
 The "Season Nine" brand also incorporates a new "Buffy" spin-off series, Angel & Faith, and two spin-off miniseries "Willow: Wonderland" and "Spike: A Dark Place."
 Each core series consisted of 25 issues and each miniseries consisted of 5 issues.
Lionel Hutz is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He was voiced by Phil Hartman, and his first appearance was in the season two episode "Bart Gets Hit by a Car".
 Hutz is a stereotypical ambulance chasing lawyer in Springfield with questionable competence and ethics.
 He is nevertheless (or thus) often hired by the Simpsons.
 Following Hartman's murder in 1998, Hutz was retired out of respect; and his final speaking role was in the season nine episode "Realty Bites" five months earlier.
Abraham Lincoln, also released under the title D. W. Griffith's "Abraham Lincoln", is a 1930 Pre-Code biographical film about American president Abraham Lincoln directed by D. W. Griffith.
 It stars Walter Huston as Lincoln and Una Merkel, in her second speaking role, as Ann Rutledge.
 Her first speaking role was in a short film, "Love's Old Sweet Song" (1923) filmed in the Phonofilm sound-on-film process.
 The script was co-written by Stephen Vincent Benét and Gerrit Lloyd, author of the Civil War prose poem "John Brown's Body".
 This was the first of only two sound films made by Griffith.
"Marge in Chains" is the 21st episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fourth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 6, 1993.
 In the episode, Marge is arrested for shoplifting after forgetting to pay for an item at the Kwik-E-Mart.
 The family hires attorney Lionel Hutz to defend her at trial, but she is found guilty and sentenced to 30 days imprisonment.
 Homer, and the rest of the family have trouble coping without Marge.
 The townspeople start a riot when an annual bake sale missing Marge fails to raise enough money for a statue of Abraham Lincoln and they have to settle for a statue of Jimmy Carter.
 Mayor Quimby has Marge released from jail in order to save his career and quell the riot.
"The Day the Violence Died" is the eighteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 17, 1996.
 It was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by Wes Archer.
 Kirk Douglas guest stars as Chester J. Lampwick, Alex Rocco as Roger Meyers Jr., Jack Sheldon as an anthropomorphic constitutional amendment, Suzanne Somers as herself, and Phil Hartman as Lionel Hutz.
 The end of the episode features Lester and Eliza, versions of Bart and Lisa Simpson that appeared in "The Tracey Ullman Show" in the 1980s.
"The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons" is the seventh episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> ninth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 16, 1997.
 It was written by Richard Appel and directed by Steven Dean Moore.
 The episode sees Apu Nahasapeemapetilon marry Manjula, and incorporates several aspects of Hindu wedding ceremonies, which the writers researched during the episode's production.
 Appel pitched the episode several years before season nine but the idea was not used until Mike Scully became showrunner.
 The episode's subplot, which sees Homer stay at the Springfield Retirement Castle, was initially conceived as a separate episode, but could not be developed in enough detail.
 The episode received mixed reviews.
"Bart Gets Hit by a Car" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> second season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 10, 1991.
 At the start of the episode, Bart is hit by Mr. Burns<nowiki>'</nowiki> car.
 Prompted by ambulance-chasing lawyer Lionel Hutz and quack doctor Dr. Nick Riviera, the Simpsons sue Mr. Burns, seeking extensive damages for Bart's injuries.
 Hutz and Dr. Nick exaggerate Bart's injuries so they can gain sympathy at the trial.
 Marge is against the whole thing and grows concerned with the fact that Homer is asking Bart to lie.
Season nine of "Smallville", an American television series, began airing on September 25, 2009.
 The series recounts the early adventures of Kryptonian Clark Kent as he adjusts to life in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, during the years before he becomes Superman.
 The ninth season comprises 21 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 14, 2010, marking the fourth season to air on The CW television network.
 After four seasons broadcasting on Thursday nights at 8:00 pm, "Smallville" was moved to Friday nights at 8:00 pm for season nine, to make room for "The Vampire Diaries".
