Robyn Hilton (born Robyn Molinaux, c. 1940) is an American film and television actress and model.
 Hilton was active in the 1970s and 1980s following her debut supporting role as Miss Stein, the secretary to Governor William J. Le Petomane, in Mel Brooks' 1974 comedy film "Blazing Saddles".
"SOS" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album "A Girl like Me" (2006).
 It was written by Jonathan "J.R." Rotem, E. Kidd Bogart and Ed Cobb, with production was handled by Rotem, Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers.
 It was released on February 14, 2006, as the lead single from the album.
 "SOS" is a dance-pop song which samples Soft Cell's 1981 recording of "Tainted Love", a song written by Cobb in 1965.
 Critical reception of "SOS" was generally positive, with the majority of music critics praising the inclusion of the "Tainted Love" sample.
 Some critics compared "SOS" to Rihanna's debut single, "Pon de Replay" ("Music of the Sun", 2005).
"Sledgehammer" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 It was released on June 27, 2016 as a single to promote "Star Trek Beyond".
 It plays during the film's closing credits but is not included on the film's soundtrack.
 The song was written by Sia Furler (Sia), Robyn Fenty (Rihanna) and Jesse Shatkin.
 A music video for the song was released on June 30, 2016, and shows Rihanna performing magical acts on a foreign planet.
 The video was shot entirely on IMAX cameras.
Robyn Rihanna Fenty ( ; February 20, 1988) is a Barbadian singer, songwriter, and actress.
 Born in Saint Michael, Barbados and raised in Bridgetown, during 2003 she recorded demo tapes under the direction of record producer Evan Rogers and signed a recording contract with Def Jam Recordings after auditioning for its then-president, hip hop producer and rapper Jay Z.
 In 2005, Rihanna rose to fame with the release of her debut studio album "Music of the Sun" and its follow-up "A Girl like Me" (2006), which charted on the top 10 of the US "Billboard" 200 and respectively produced the singles "Pon de Replay" and "SOS".
Vada Nobles is a record producer and songwriter.
 He provided production for "Lost Ones" on Lauryn Hill's debut solo album, "The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill" (1998).
 He co-wrote and co-produced the Rihanna song "Pon de Replay."
 He co-wrote and co-produced the Hilary Duff singles "With Love" and "Stranger" in addition to the album track "Danger" on her 2007 album "Dignity".
 He also produced remixes for the Hilary Duff singles "Play with Fire" and "Stranger."
Greensleeves Rhythm Album #27: Diwali, also known as the Diwali Riddim, is an album and popular dancehall riddim that came to prominence in 2002.
 The riddim is credited to Jamaican producer Steven "Lenky" Marsden and appeared on several international hit songs by Sean Paul, Bounty Killer, Elephant Man, Lumidee, Brick & Lace (although its single "Love is Wicked" was not released until 2007), and Wayne Wonder.
 It is recognized as arguably the most prominent and popular riddim of 2002 based on the number of top-ten hit songs that charted in Jamaica or internationally that used the instrumental, such as "Get Busy," "No Letting Go," "Pon de Replay," "Never Leave You (Uh Oooh, Uh Oooh)," "Overcome," "Elephant Message," "Sufferer," "Party Time," and "Love Is Wicked."
 To this day, the riddim and the songs sampling it are still played on Jamaican radio stations every so often and is considered a classic.
"Pon de Replay" is the debut single recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna, from her debut studio album "Music of the Sun" (2005).
 It was written and produced by Vada Nobles, Alisha Brooks, Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers.
 Her debut single, the song was released on May 24, 2005 as the lead single from the album.
 Prior to signing a six album record deal with Def Jam Recordings, "Pon de Replay" was one of three songs which was recorded for her demo tape to be sent to record labels.
 It is a dance-pop, dancehall and R&B song that features elements of pop and reggae.
 The lyrics revolve around Rihanna asking a DJ to turn the volume of her favorite songs up louder.
 The name means "play it again" in Bajan Creole, one of Barbados' two official languages.
"Pon de Floor" is a song by Major Lazer, a collaborative musical project consisting of the American DJ Diplo and the British DJ Switch.
 The single was released in 2009 by Mad Decent and Downtown Records as the second single from Major Lazer's first studio album, "Guns Don't Kill People... Lazers Do" (2009).
 The duo wrote the song and produced it with Afrojack with drums by Nebat Drums  and vocals by Vybz Kartel.
 "Pon de Floor" is a dancehall and baile funk song and was positively received by music critics.
 It appeared on the charts in the United Kingdom in 2010, where it reached number 125.
 Eric Wareheim directed the music video for "Pon de Floor", which shows people dry humping, and incorporates daggering choreography.
Music of the Sun is the debut studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 It was released on August 30, 2005 in the United States through Def Jam Recordings.
 Prior to signing with Def Jam, Rihanna was discovered by record producer Evan Rogers in Barbados, who helped Rihanna record demo tapes to send out to several record labels.
 Jay-Z, the former chief executive officer (CEO) and president of Def Jam, was given Rihanna's demo by Jay Brown, his A&R at Def Jam, and invited her to audition for the label after hearing what turned out to be her first single, "Pon de Replay".
 She auditioned for Jay-Z and L.A. Reid, the former CEO and president of record label group The Island Def Jam Music Group, and was signed on the spot to prevent her from signing with another record label.
Barbadian singer Rihanna has released four video albums and appeared in fifty-two music videos, six films, ten television programs, and eight television commercials.
 In 2005, Rihanna signed a recording contract with Def Jam Recordings and released her debut single "Pon de Replay", taken from her first studio album "Music of the Sun" (2005).
 Like its lyrical theme, the music video for the song was inspired by disco and dance; it was directed by Little X.
 Three separate videos were released for "SOS", the lead single from her second studio album "A Girl Like Me" (2006), all of which contained various dance sequences.
 The same year, American director Anthony Mandler directed the accompanying music video for the second single "Unfaithful", which featured Rihanna in a dangerous love triangle with her lover and her husband.
 "Unfaithful" was Rihanna's first collaboration with Mandler; they later worked together regularly.
 Also in 2006, Rihanna played herself in the third installment of the "Bring It On" film series, entitled "".
