Lovisa Concordia Simson, née "Kliecnik" or "Lindström" (1746 – 26 February 1808, Gothenburg), was a Swedish theater director.
 She was the managing director of the theater "Comediehuset" in Gothenburg between 1787 and 1792.
 She was the first female theater director over a permanent theater (rather than a travelling theater company) in her country.
Ahmad Kamyabi Mask (Persian: احمد کامیابی مَسْک‎ ‎ ; born 1944) is a writer, translator, publisher, and current Professor Emeritus of Modern Drama and Theater of the Faculty of Fine Arts of the University of Tehran.
 He is a prominent scholar of French Avant-garde theater and influential in the study of Eugène Ionesco and Samuel Beckett.
Ethel Rojo (née Ethel Inés Rojo Castro; December 23, 1937 in Santiago del Estero – June 24, 2012 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine actress, vedette, dancer and theater director.
 She was the sister of Gogó Rojo.
Live at DMPO's on Broadway is a VHS/DVD of the Dead Kennedys' performance at the old San Francisco avant-garde theater, DMPO's on Broadway.
 It was filmed on June 16, 1984, the last night the theater was open before it was torn down.
 The show is about an hour long and includes 14 songs.
 Originally released on VHS in 1985 as "Live In San Francisco", it was released on DVD on August 29, 2000, under its current title.
Christoph Marthaler (born Oсtober 17, 1951, Erlenbach, Switzerland) is a Swiss director and musician, working in the style of avant-garde theater, such as Expressionism and Dada, a theater of the absurd elements.
Jean Erdman (born February 20, 1916) is an American dancer and choreographer of modern dance as well as an avant-garde theater director.
Ethel Winter (June 18, 1924 – March 10, 2012) was an American ballet dancer and dance instructor.
 Winter was an early ballet dancer with the Martha Graham Dance Company from the 1940s to the 1960s, working with other notable early members of the company, including Martha Graham, Yuriko, Yuriko, Ethel Butler, Jean Erdman, and Patricia Birch.
 She later taught dance and ballet at the Juilliard School.
Teatr Tworzenia, or The Theater of Creation, Polish avant-garde theater, founded by Jarosław Pijarowski.
 According to the author's definition it is: "Uninstitutionalized form of realization of creative ideas, consisting on intuitive-improvisational thematic activities; Have on the goal of integration and promotion of creative thought (word, music, theater, paintings) in audio-visual forms.
Richard Foreman (born June 10, 1937 in New York City) is an American playwright and avant-garde theater pioneer.
 He is the founder of the Ontological-Hysteric Theater.
German educated Greek stage director Fotos Politis (Greek: Φώτος Πολίτης), 1890-1934, was one of the most prominent figures in the revival of the ancient Greek tragedies in the 20th century.
 A literary and theater reviewer and playwright, who was responsible for the creation of what came to be called “the theatrical tradition of the National Theater of Greece”, he developed original teaching methods for aspiring young actors in Athenian drama schools while the rehearsals for the plays that he staged were known for their long duration and exhaustive intensity.
 Politis felt an obligation to educate not only the actors, corrupted by the French "Théâtre de boulevard" of the time, but also the general public by bringing it in contact with the masterpieces of ancient Greek tragedy, Shakespeare, classical European theater and avant-garde theater.
