Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom is an award-winning 2007 documentary film about fans of the New York Mets.
 Directed, produced and edited by Katherine Foronjy and Joseph Coburn, the film follows a wide variety of fans over the course of the 2005 and 2006 baseball seasons, culminating in an exciting 7 game series against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NLCS.
 "Mathematically Alive" shows the emotional attachment that fans develop for their team and how it can be the source of great joy or tremendous sadness.
 In addition to the hundreds of fans interviewed for the film, Coburn and Foronjy also caught up with former Mets players Bud Harrelson, Ron Swoboda, Ed Charles, Tim Teuffel and legendary broadcaster Ralph Kiner.
 The filmmakers also interviewed Dr. Daniel Wann, a sports psychology professor at Murray State University, who explains many of the psychological characteristics sports fans share.
 Of particular focus in the film are a group of female Mets fans whose favorite player is former catcher Mike Piazza.
 They wait for his arrival outside the Shea stadium parking lot on game days, and travelled around the country to see him play even when he was no longer a player on the Mets.
Argenis N. Reyes Sanchez (born September 25, 1982) is a former Dominican professional baseball second baseman.
 Formerly a member or the New York Mets organization, he is not related to former teammate José Reyes, although the two were childhood friends in the Dominican Republic.
 .
 Reyes has also received attention from Mets fans in the past due to his unusual first name.
MTA Bus Time, stylized as BusTime, is a Service Interface for Real Time Information (SIRI) automatic vehicle location (AVL) and passenger information system provided by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) of New York City for customers of its bus operations under the New York City Bus and MTA Bus Company brands.
 First tested in late 2010 and officially launched in early 2011, MTA Bus Time was installed in all MTA bus routes in New York City by 2014.
 The software uses GPS technology equipped in buses to relay real-time location information to passengers via internet-enabled devices (particularly smartphones), SMS messages, or countdown clocks installed at bus stops.
 Similar to the technology used for countdown clocks found in the New York City Subway system (called Subway Time), the project is the successor to multiple attempts by the MTA to install positioning technology for buses, going back to 1996.
}} trains at Mets – Willets Point<br>New York City Bus: Q48
The Crosstown Line is a public transit line in Brooklyn, New York City, United States, running along Van Brunt Street and Manhattan Avenue between Red Hook and Long Island City, Queens.
 Originally a streetcar line, it is now the B61 and the B62 bus routes.
 The northern section, the B62, is operated by MTA New York City Bus' Grand Avenue Depot in Maspeth, Queens, and the southern section is the B61, operated by MTA New York City Bus' Jackie Gleason Depot in Sunset Park.
 The entire route was a single line, the B61, until January 3, 2010; the B62 was previously a separate, parallel route between Downtown Brooklyn and Greenpoint, now part of the B43 route.
 The streetcar line, B61 and the original B62 previously operated from the now-closed Crosstown Depot in Greenpoint.
Roderick Edwin Kanehl (April 1, 1934 – December 14, 2004) was an American second baseman and outfielder in Major League Baseball who played his entire career with the New York Mets (1962–1964).
 Beloved by Mets fans, his attitude was exemplary for a team that lost a modern-era record 120 games in its inaugural season.
 Kanehl hit the first grand slam in Mets history on July 6, 1962 at the Polo Grounds.
City Bus Simulator is a series of games created by TML Studios.
 There are two games in the series, "City Bus Simulator New York 2010" and "City Bus Simulator Munich" (also referred to as "City Bus Simulator 2", "CBS2" and its German name "City Bus Simulator München").
The FIrst and Second Avenues Line, also known as the Second Avenue Line, is a bus line in Manhattan, New York City, United States, running mostly along Second Avenue (and northbound on First Avenue since 1951) from Lower Manhattan to East Harlem.
 Originally a streetcar line along Second Avenue, it is now the M15 bus route, the second busiest bus route in the city (behind the Bx12) and the busiest in Manhattan, with an annual ridership of over 15.5 million.
 MTA Regional Bus Operations, under the New York City Bus and Select Bus Service brands, operates the local out of the Tuskegee Airmen Bus Depot and the SBS is operated from the Mother Clara Hale Bus Depot.
 Service is operated exclusively with articulated buses.
Charles Ray Knight (born December 28, 1952) is an American former right-handed Major League Baseball corner infielder best remembered for his time with the Cincinnati Reds and New York Mets.
 Originally drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the tenth round of the 1970 Major League Baseball Draft, he is likely best remembered to Reds fans as the man who replaced Pete Rose at third base, whereas Mets fans remember Knight as the man who scored the winning run of game six of the 1986 World Series and the MVP of that series.
 He is now a studio analyst and occasional game analyst for MASN's coverage of the Washington Nationals.
The 7 Line Army is a group of fans of the New York Mets started in 2012 by Darren Meenan, the founder of The 7 Line, a company that makes Mets-themed apparel and is named after the 7 train of the New York City Subway, which stops at Citi Field.
 They occupy the Big Apple Reserved section of Citi Field during Mets home games.
 The 7 Line Army also attends numerous Mets road games, sponsoring outings which attract more than 1,000 fans.
 This includes an annual trip to Yankee Stadium when the Mets play their crosstown rivals the New York Yankees in what is called the "Bronx Invasion".
