StreetDance 3D (also called StreetDance in the non-3D version) is a 2010 British 3D dance drama film which was released on 21 May 2010.
 The film was released in RealD 3D, XpanD 3D, and Dolby 3D with Max Giwa and Dania Pasquini directing it. "
Britain's Got Talent" stars George Sampson, Diversity and Flawless made their debut appearances to the big screen.
 The soundtrack to the film was written and performed by alternative acts N-Dubz, Tinie Tempah, Lightbulb Thieves, and Chipmunk.
 The film is a production of Vertigo Films in association with BBC Films.
 N-Dubz composed the official soundtrack.
 The song "We Dance On", featuring Bodyrox, was sent to music stations on 22 April.
 On 28 May 2012, Phase 4 Films has acquired the US rights for the film, along with its sequel, "StreetDance 2".
 "Streetdance 2" was released on 30 March 2012.
Fish Tank is a 2009 British drama film written and directed by Andrea Arnold.
 The film is about Mia Williams, a volatile and socially isolated 15-year-old who lives with her single mother, Joanne.
 The mother's new boyfriend, Conor, becomes attracted to Mia and has sex with her.
 "Fish Tank" was well-received and won the Jury Prize at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 It also won the 2010 BAFTA for Best British Film.
 It was filmed in the Mardyke Estate in Havering, the town of Tilbury, and the A13, and funded by BBC Films and the UK Film Council.
 The film was theatrically released on 11 September 2009 by Curzon Artificial Eye.
 "Fish Tank" featured on BBC's The 21st Century's 100 greatest films, ranking 65th on the list.
The Meerkats, also known as Meerkats: The Movie, is a feature-length 2008 British wildlife fiction film which anthropomorphises the daily struggles of a clan of meerkats in the Kalahari Desert.
 It was produced by BBC Films and The Weinstein Company, and filmed by the award-winning BBC Natural History Unit.
 It is the debut directorial feature of James Honeyborne, previously a producer of natural history programmes for television.
 The worldwide premiere was held at the Dinard Film Festival, France in October 2008, expanding to a wide release the following week.
 The film was released in 2009, on 7 August in the UK.
 A US date has not yet been announced.
 This was dedicated to actor Paul Newman, who died in 2008, shortly before this movie was released.
Todd Traina is an American film producer and the founder of Red Rover Films in 2007.
 In 2007 Traina was named by "Daily Variety" as one of its "10 Producers to Watch." "
My Suicide", a quirky low-budget dark comedy released in 2009 which Traina produced, won a Crystal Bear at the 2009 Berlin Film Festival, among other prizes.
The Monster of Phantom Lake is an independent comedy released on March 9, 2006.
 It is a modern 1950s style, Cold War era, B-grade "drive-in" movie in the style of The Phantom from 10,000 Leagues, Monster from the Ocean Floor, or The Horror of Party Beach.
 Written, directed and edited by Christopher R. Mihm, the film was shot on digital video in and around the Minneapolis/St.
 Paul area.
 The entire film was made for less than $10,000.
 The film stars Minnesota & Wisconsin based actors with the director taking a small part.
 "Monster of Phantom Lake" has spawned a series of subsequent films including "It Came from Another World" (10 May 2007), "Cave Women on Mars" (12 April 2008), "Terror from Beneath the Earth" (2009), "Destination Outer Space" (2010), "Attack of the Moon Zombies" (2011), "House of Ghosts" (2012), "The Giant Spider" (2013), and "The Late Night Double Feature" (2014).
 The films are all connected to each other, sharing common fictional locations or characters (and actors) or both, forming what the creators call "The Mihmiverse".
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas (released as The Boy in the Striped Pajamas in the United States; see spelling differences) is a 2008 British-American historical period drama based on the novel of the same name by Irish writer John Boyne.
 Directed by Mark Herman, produced by BBC Films and Heyday Films, and distributed by Miramax (North America) and Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures (International), the film stars Vera Farmiga, David Thewlis, Asa Butterfield, and Jack Scanlon.
 It was released on 12 September 2008 in the United Kingdom.
Tormented is a 2009 British comedy horror and slasher film starring Alex Pettyfer, April Pearson, Dimitri Leonidas, Calvin Dean and newcomer Tuppence Middleton.
 It was directed by Jon Wright, produced by Cavan Ash, Tracy Brimm, Arvind Ethan David and Kate Myers and written by newcomer Stephen Prentice, the film was released on 22 May 2009 in the UK by Warner Bros..
 "Tormented" was co-produced by BBC Films, Pathé, Slingshot Studios, Forward Films, and Screen West Midlands, and the music was composed by Orbital member Paul Hartnoll.
 The film received mixed to positive reviews from critics and it earned £284,757 on a £700,000 budget.
 "Tormented" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 28 September 2009 by MPI Home Video.
West Is West is a 2010 British comedy-drama film, which is a sequel to the 1999 comedy "East Is East".
 It stars Om Puri, Linda Bassett, Aqib Khan, Ila Arun and Jimi Mistry, is written by Ayub Khan-Din, directed by Andy DeEmmony, and produced by Leslee Udwin for Assassin Films and BBC Films.
Mrs. Brown's Boys D'Movie is a 2014 Irish comedy film based on the sitcom "Mrs. Brown's Boys" and is co-produced by That's Nice Films, Penalty Kick Films and BocFlix.
 BBC Films is acting as sales agent and it was distributed by Universal Pictures.
 It was written by series creator (and company director of both That's Nice Films and Bocflix) Brendan O'Carroll, who also plays the lead role.
 The film sees Agnes Brown go to court to protect her family's stall at Dublin's Moore Street market from a corrupt Russian businessman who wishes to convert it into a shopping centre.
 The film was released on 27 June to negative reviews from critics.
 It topped the UK and Ireland box office with £4.3 million in its opening weekend, on a budget of £3.6 million, and retained top spot for a second week.
 On 27 October it was released on home media, again topping the charts.
Bill is a 2015 British family adventure comedy film from the principal performers behind children's TV series "Horrible Histories" and "Yonderland".
 It was produced by Punk Cinema, Cowboy Films and BBC Films and was released in the UK on 18 September 2015 by Vertigo Films.
 The film is a fictional take on the young William Shakespeare's search for fame and fortune, as written by Laurence Rickard and Ben Willbond and directed by Richard Bracewell who co-produced with Tony Bracewell, Alasdair Flind and Charles Steel.
 It features the six lead performers playing several different roles each including Mathew Baynton, Martha Howe-Douglas, Ben Willbond, Simon Farnaby, Jim Howick and Laurence Rickard.
 "Bill" has received mostly positive reviews from critics and grossed $968,534 worldwide.
 The film also received nominations for the Evening Standard British Film Award for Award for Comedy and the Into Film Award for Family Film of the Year.
