Renegades were a British rock band (not to be confused with the sixties band "The Renegades"), which started out as a side-project from two members of the band Feeder, featuring guitarist Grant Nicholas and bassist Taka Hirose, before becoming a pseudonym name for Feeder themselves.
 Nicholas formed Renegades alongside Hirose with Karl Brazil from Ben's Brother, who completed the group and a 4-track EP was then recorded.
 Soon later, Renegades became an alternative name for Feeder at various concerts where they would play an entire show pretending not to be Feeder, but a different band with the same members.
 If Feeder songs released before the "Renegades" album were to be played, the band would announce that they're covering Feeder songs.
 Grant Nicholas once introduced "Tangerine" as "A cover of a song from a band we know".
"The Boy Is Mine" is a 1998 duet by American singers Brandy and Monica written and composed by LaShawn Daniels, Japhe Tejeda, Fred Jerkins III, Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, and Brandy with coproduction by Darkchild and Dallas Austin.
 It was released as the lead single from both singers' second albums from 1998, "Never Say Never" by Brandy and "The Boy Is Mine" by Monica.
 Inspired by Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney's 1982 duet "The Girl Is Mine", the lyrics of the mid-tempo R&B track revolve around two women fighting over a man.
"Send It On" is a song performed by American singers Demi Lovato, the Jonas Brothers, Miley Cyrus, and Selena Gomez.
 The group, billed as Disney's Friends for Change, stems from Disney's environmental initiative of the same name.
 The track's producers Adam Anders and Peer Åström co-wrote it with Nikki Hassman.
 The song was released on August 11, 2009 by Walt Disney and Hollywood Records as a promotional charity single in order to benefit international environmental associations.
 In regard to the song and the campaign, the six singers noted that it is a good cause and that it is one dear to them.
 The ballad is lyrically about passing on an environmentalist message.
Danny Shirley (born August 12, 1956) is an American country music singer.
 He is best known as the lead singer of the country rock band Confederate Railroad, a role he has held since its formation in 1987.
The Brightlights are a four-piece British indie rock band from Grimsby in North East Lincolnshire.
 They released their debut single, "Inspired By", on 5 November 2007.
 The single was produced by Feeder frontman Grant Nicholas.
"Buck Rogers" is the eleventh single by Feeder.
 It was the first single to be taken from the "Echo Park" album and was released on The Echo Label.
 The track reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart after its release on 8 January 2001.
 The group had originally not intended the track to be one of theirs, as frontman and main songwriter of the band Grant Nicholas, originally wrote "Buck Rogers" for SR-71, only for producer Gil Norton and A&R staff of Echo to convince the band they could have a hit with it themselves, after hearing a demo recorded by Feeder.
 It continues to be played on UK alternative radio stations as a classic hit of its genre during the early 2000s.
Confederate Railroad is an American country rock–Southern rock band founded in 1987 in Marietta, Georgia, by Danny Shirley (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Michael Lamb (lead guitar), Mark Dufresne (drums), Chris McDaniel (keyboards), Warren "Gates" Nichols (steel guitar) and Wayne Secrest (bass guitar).
 After serving as a backing band for outlaw country acts David Allan Coe and Johnny Paycheck, the band signed to a recording contract with Atlantic Records, releasing their self-titled debut album that year.
 In the 1990s, they released four more albums for Atlantic.
Raindancer was an electroacoustic rock band formed in Newport, Wales in the early 1990s.
 The band featured Grant Nicholas and Jon Lee, who later became founding members of Feeder.
Yorktown Heights was the only solo album by Feeder frontman Grant Nicholas.
 The album was released on 11 August 2014 in the United Kingdom and recorded during 2013, being a year after Nicholas announced at Feeder's final show of 2012 at the Brixton Academy that the band would be taking a break.
 It was with the first airplay of ""Soul Mates"" on the BBC Radio 2 show "The Dermot O'Leary Show" on 31 May 2014, that Grant's solo career made its radio debut.
"Side By Side" is a download-only single by the British rock band Feeder.
 The song was released on 27 March 2011 to support victims of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
 The track was originally written and demoed during the sessions for "Renegades" album campaign with a view of appearing on the album.
 The song was later released, when Grant Nicholas felt that the song's chorus fitted in with the tsunami disaster.
 Before its release, the track went under the working title of "Barbarella".
