Pro Tools is the fifth studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member GZA.
 The album was released August 19, 2008 on Babygrande Records.
 It serves as his first release since his collaboration album with DJ Muggs, "Grandmasters" (2005), and follows six years after his last solo effort, "Legend of the Liquid Sword" (2002).
 Production for the album took place during 2008 and was handled by several record producers, including RZA, Bronze Nazareth, Preservation, Mathematics, Black Milk, Arabian Knight, True Master
Legend of the Mask and the Assassin is an album by DJ Muggs and Sick Jacken of Psycho Realm, featuring Cynic of Street Platoon and Sick Symphonies.
 DJ Muggs produced the album.
Grandmasters is a collaborative album by DJ Muggs and GZA.
 The album was released on October 25, 2005 on Angeles Records.
 The album is the first in the "DJ Muggs vs. " series, followed by his 2007 collaboration with Sick Jacken, "Legend of the Mask and the Assassin", 2008s "Pain Language" with Planet Asia and 2010s "Kill Devil Hills" together with Ill Bill.
 "Grandmasters" serves as GZA's fifth studio album.
DJ Muggs vs. Ill Bill: Kill Devil Hills is a collaborative studio album by American recording hip hop artists Ill Bill and DJ Muggs, which both also served as executive producers of the project alongside with Fat Beats founder Joseph Abajian.
 The sixteen track album was released on August 31, 2010 via Fat Beats Records and peaked at #21 on "Billboard" Rap Albums chart.
Black Pearl is the second album by female emcee Yo-Yo.
 It was released on June 23, 1992, on East West America/Atlantic Records and was produced by Down Low Productions, Sir Jinx, DJ Pooh, and DJ Muggs.
 The album peaked at number 145 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 32 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Two singles from the album also charted: "Black Pearl" reached number 11 on the Hot Rap Singles chart and number 74 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart, while "Home Girl, Don't Play Dat" peaked at number 3 on the Hot Rap Singles chart and number 53 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.
Gary Grice (born August 22, 1966), better known by his stage names GZA ( ) and The Genius, is an American rapper and songwriter.
 A founding member of the hip hop group the Wu-Tang Clan, GZA is known as the group's "spiritual head", being both the oldest and the first within the group to receive a record deal.
 He has appeared on his fellow Clan members' solo projects, and since the release of his critically acclaimed solo album "Liquid Swords" (1995), he has maintained a successful solo career.
Pain Language is a collaborative album by producer DJ Muggs and rapper Planet Asia, released on September 16, 2008 on Gold Chain Music.
 The album is the third in the "DJ Muggs vs. " series, following his 2005 collaboration with GZA, "Grandmasters", and his 2007 collaboration with Sick Jacken, "Legend of the Mask and the Assassin".
 Album guests include GZA of Wu-Tang Clan, Killah Priest and Prodigal Sunn of Sunz of Man, B-Real of Cypress Hill, Chace Infinite of Self Scientific, Sick Jacken, and Scratch, formerly of The Roots.
 The album's first single will be "9mm" b/w "That's What It Is", which was made available for free download through SoulAssassins.com.
Body of the Life Force is the debut album from underground Hip Hop artist Afu-Ra.
 The album contains production from DJ Premier, DJ Muggs and Da Beatminerz amongst others.
 Guests include Smif-N-Wessun, GZA, Masta Killa and M.O.P. amongst others.
Lawrence Muggerud (born January 28, 1968), better known by his stage name DJ Muggs, is an American DJ and producer.
 He produced tracks for Funkdoobiest, House of Pain, Dizzee Rascal, U2, Depeche Mode, Die Antwoord and more.
 He is a current member of hip hop group Cypress Hill, trip hop band Cross My Heart Hope To Die, and the leader of Los Angeles art collective Soul Assassins.
Juxtapose is the fourth album by Tricky, in collaboration with DJ Muggs and Dame Grease (Ruff Ryders & DMX producer).
 Two tracks with DJ Muggs find their way to the only single "For Real" ("Pop Muzik", a cover of the song by M) and the Japanese release ("Who").
 Martina Topley-Bird does not appear on the album; instead Kioka Williams provides the majority of the female vocals on the album and the following tours.
 The album also features a British emcee named Mad Dog on two tracks.
