The Brit Award for International Female Solo Artist is an award given by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), an organisation which represents record companies and artists in the United Kingdom.
 The accolade is presented at the Brit Awards, an annual celebration of British and international music.
 The winners and nominees are determined by the BRIT Awards voting academy with over one-thousand members, which comprise record labels, publishers, managers, agents, media, and previous winners and nominees.
James Michael Bay (born 4 September 1990) is an English singer-songwriter and guitarist.
 In 2014, he released his single "Hold Back the River", which has been certified platinum, before releasing his debut studio album "Chaos and the Calm" (2015).
 The album went to number one in the UK and number 15 in the US.
 In February 2015, Bay received the Brit Awards "Critics' Choice" award.
 At the 2016 Brit Awards he received the award for Best British Male Solo Artist.
 Bay also received three nominations at the 2016 Grammy Awards, for Best New Artist, Best Rock Album, and Best Rock Song.
The 2016 Brit Awards were held on 24 February 2016 and was the 36th edition of the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards.
 The awards ceremony was held at The O2 in London and were presented by Ant & Dec.
 Award nominations were revealed on 14 January 2016.
 British fashion designer Pam Hogg has designed the trophies for this year's ceremony, styling the BRIT statue.
The Brit Award for British Breakthrough Act is an award given by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), an organisation which represents record companies and artists in the United Kingdom.
 The accolade is presented at the Brit Awards, an annual celebration of British and international music.
 The winners and nominees are determined by the BRIT Awards voting academy with over 1,000 members, which comprise record labels, publishers, managers, agents, media, and previous winners and nominees.
The Brit Awards (sometimes stylised as the BRIT Awards; often simply called the Brits) are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards.
 The name was originally a shortened form of "British", "Britain" or "Britannia" (in the early days the awards were sponsored by Britannia Music Club), but subsequently became a backronym for British Record Industry Trusts Show.
 In addition, an equivalent awards ceremony for classical music, called the Classic Brit Awards, is held each May.
 Robbie Williams holds the record for the most Brit Awards, 13 as a solo artist and another five as part of Take That.
Laura Beatrice Marling (born 1 February 1990) is a British folk singer-songwriter and musician from Eversley, Hampshire.
 Her debut album "Alas, I Cannot Swim", her second album "I Speak Because I Can", and her fourth album "Once I Was an Eagle" were each nominated for the Mercury Music Prize in 2008, 2010, and 2013, respectively.
 She won the Brit Award for Best British Female Solo Artist at the 2011 Brit Awards, and was nominated for the same award at the 2012, 2014 and 2016 Brit Awards.
Short Movie is the fifth studio album by British singer-songwriter Laura Marling, and was released on 23 March 2015.
 The album marks a change in style for Marling, being the first record in which she plays electric guitar as opposed to the acoustic instrumentation of her previous four records.
 On June 17th, Marling released a deluxe version of the record, "Short Movie (Director's Cut)".
 The deluxe record included new tracks, as well as new artwork.
 Marling was nominated for the Best Female Solo Artist Award at the 2016 Brit Awards because of the record.
"Drag Me Down" is a song recorded by English-Irish boy band One Direction for their fifth studio album, "Made in the A.M." (2015).
 The song was released worldwide on 31 July 2015 and was the band's first single since Zayn Malik's departure earlier that same year.
 "Drag Me Down" debuted atop the charts in the United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Austria, Australia, and New Zealand.
 It became the group's first number one single in France and Australia, as well as their fourth number one in New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
 It debuted at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and won the fan-voted 'Best Video Award' at the 2016 Brit Awards.
Jack Garratt (born 11 October 1991) is a British singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist from Little Chalfont, Buckinghamshire.
 He released his debut studio album "Phase" on 19 February 2016.
 At the 2016 Brit Awards he received the Critics' Choice Award.
The Classic BRIT Awards (previously Classical BRIT Awards) are an annual awards ceremony held in the United Kingdom covering aspects of classical and crossover music, and are the equivalent of pop music's Brit Awards.
