Shērōē (also spelled Shīrūya, شیرویه in New Persian), better known by his dynastic name of Kavadh II (Middle Persian: kwʾt' "Kawād"; New Persian: قباد‎ ‎ "Qobād" or "Qabād"), was king of the Sasanian Empire briefly in 628.
 He was the son of Khosrau II (590–628).
 He became king after orchestrating a coup d'état against his father.
Suintila, or "Swinthila", "Svinthila"; (ca. 588 – 633/635) was Visigothic King of Hispania, Septimania and Galicia from 621 to 631.
 There was a new peace in the Kingdom of the Visigoths.
 As a direct result, by 624 the king was able to retake those lands that had been under the control of the Byzantine Empire.
 He was a son of Reccared I and wife Bado, and a brother of the general Geila.
Ashur-etil-ilani was a king of Assyria (c. 631 BC – c. 627 BC).
 He succeeded his father Ashurbanipal.
Hormizd VI (Persian: هرمز‎ ‎ ) was a Sasanian king of parts of Persia from 630 to 631.
 He was one of the many pretenders who rose after the murder of Khosrau II (590–628) in 628.
 He maintained himself about two years (630–632) in the district of Nisibis.
 He was the grandson of Khosrau II.
The Duchy of Thuringia was an eastern frontier march of the Merovingian kingdom of Austrasia, established about 631 by King Dagobert I after his troops had been defeated by the forces of the Slavic confederation of Samo at the Battle of Wogastisburg.
 It was recreated in the Carolingian Empire and its dukes appointed by the king until it was absorbed by the Saxon dukes in 908.
 From about 1111/12 the territory was ruled by the Landgraves of Thuringia as Princes of the Holy Roman Empire.
Samo founded the first recorded political union of Slavic tribes, known as Samo's Empire ("realm", "kingdom", or "tribal union"), stretching from Silesia to present-day Slovenia, ruling from 623 until his death in 658.
 According to Fredegarius, the only contemporary source, Samo was a Frankish merchant who unified several Slavic tribes against robber raids and violence by nearby settled Avars, showing such bravery and command skills in battle that he was elected as the "Slavic king" (Latin: "Rex Sclavorum" ).
 In 631, Samo successfully defended his realm against the Frankish Kingdom in the three-day Battle of Wogastisburg.
Chach (c. 631-711 CE) (Sindhi: چچ‎ ) was a Brahmin who reigned as king of Sindh in the mid-7th century CE.
 A former prime minister to the king Rai Sahasi II, Chach ascended to the throne by marrying the king's widow.
 The Brahmin dynasty under Chach expanded the kingdom of Sindh, and his successful efforts to subjugate surrounding monarchies and ethnic groups into an empire covering the entire Indus valley and beyond were recorded in the "Chach Nama".
Samo's Empire is the historiographical name for the Slavic tribal union established by King ("rex") Samo, which existed between 631 and 658 A.D..
 The centre of the union was most likely in Moravia, while the union included Silesia, Bohemia, Lusatia and Carantania.
Khosrow IV was a Sasanian usurper who ruled briefly in 631.
 Little is known about his rule, he appears to have ruled during a time of upheaval and chaos across the Sasanian Empire the 7th century has the century where Iran has plunged into its "dark ages".
 He was the son of Mah-Adhur Gushnasp, who was the minister of the Sasanian Empire during the reign of Ardashir III, and Kahar-dukht, the daughter of Yazdandar, who was the son of Khosrau I.
 His rule seems to coincide with other pretenders such as Hormizd VI so it is likely that he ruled a district or province rather than the Empire in its entirety.
 He was killed after a few days of reign.
Farrukhzad Khosrau V was briefly king of the Sasanian Empire from March 631 to April 631.
 He was the son of Khosrau II.
