The Oakland Athletics' 1981 season saw the A's finish with an overall record of 64 wins and 45 losses.
 They finished the season with the best record in the American League (and second best in all of baseball).
 Due to the infamous 1981 players strike, the league resorted to a split-season format; this new format saw the winners of both halves of the season playing in the first divisional playoff in MLB history.
 The A's qualified by posting the AL West's best record in the first half of the season.
 While they swept the Kansas City Royals in the AL West playoff, they were themselves swept by the New York Yankees in the 1981 American League Championship Series.
In geology, a piercing point is defined as a feature (usually a geologic feature, preferably a linear feature) that is cut by a fault, then moved apart.
 Reconfiguring the piercing point back in its original position is the primary way geologists can find out the minimum slip, or displacement, along a fault.
 This can be done on a large scale (over many kilometers), a small scale (inside a single outcrop or fault trench) or even a single hand sample/rock (see image).
Ellerslie is a residential neighbourhood in southeast Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
 While City of Edmonton documents note that there are diverse stories related to Scottish settlers introducing the name Ellerslie, it is known that the name was applied to the local school district by 1895, and to the local post office in 1896, when it was still a rural area many kilometers south of the early boundaries of the recently (1892) incorporated Town of Edmonton.
A fissure vent, also known as a volcanic fissure or eruption fissure, is a linear volcanic vent through which lava erupts, usually without any explosive activity.
 The vent is often a few meters wide and may be many kilometers long.
 Fissure vents can cause large flood basalts which run first in lava channels and later in lava tubes.
 After some time the eruption builds up spatter resp.
 ash cones and may concentrate on one or some of them.
 Small fissure vents may not be easily discernible from the air, but the crater rows (see Laki) or the canyons (see Eldgjá) built up by some of them are.
Ellerslie is an area in the southeast portion of the City of Edmonton in Alberta, Canada.
 It was established in 1999 through Edmonton City Council's adoption of the Ellerslie Area Structure Plan, which guides the overall development of predominantly residential neighbourhoods in the area.
 While City of Edmonton documents note that there are diverse stories related to Scottish settlers introducing the name Ellerslie, it is known that the name was applied to the local school district by 1895, and to the local post office in 1896, when it was still a rural area many kilometers south of the early boundaries of the recently (1892) incorporated Town of Edmonton.
Siju Cave is located in Meghalaya state near Naphak Lane and Simsang River game reserve.
 It is a limestone cave.
 The Cave is filled with water and is many kilometers long.
 It is considered as the third longest cave system in India.
 In 1927 it was found that the caves have a temperature of 21–26.4 °C.
Sabrina Mockenhaupt (born 6 December 1980 in Siegen) is a German long-distance runner who specialises in track events and the marathon.
 She is a two-time winner of the Cologne Marathon and has also won the Frankfurt Marathon and the Berlin Half Marathon.
 She represented Germany at the 2004, 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics and was the 3000 metres bronze medallist at the 2005 European Indoor Championships.
 She has a marathon best of 2:26:21, set at the 2010 Berlin Marathon.
The Telial stage is one of the stages in the life cycle of a parasitic heteroecious fungus.
 It is discernible by the formation of large teliospores that the fungi produces to overwinter.
 The telial stage of heteroecious parasitic fungi is spent on the secondary host plant.
 A primary aecial stage is spent parasitizing a separate host plant which is a precursor in the life cycle of heteroecious fungi.
 Spores are released from the telia in the spring.
 The spores can spread many kilometers through the air, however most are spread near the host plant (Brand, 2004).
The Palmason Model is a depth, distance, temperature and heat flow gradient model of crustal accretion mechanism through the Iceland lithosphere which denotes the spreading material trajectories from a rift axis.
 The material erupting at the rift axis will tend to sink down, due to thermal subsidience and spreading, to a depth of many kilometers, while lava flows spreading to a distance of many kilometers away from the rift axis on the surface will sink down to shallower depth.
 Surface erosion can expose such preserved materials.
A skyway, skybridge, or skywalk is a type of pedway consisting of an enclosed or covered footbridge between two or more buildings in an urban area.
 This protects pedestrians from the weather.
 In North America skyways are usually owned by businesses, and are therefore not public spaces (compare with sidewalk).
 However, in Asia, such as Bangkok's and Hong Kong's skywalks, they are built and owned separately by the city government, connecting between privately run rail stations or other transport with their own footbridges, and run many kilometers.
 Skyways usually connect on the first few floors above the ground-level floor, though they are sometimes much higher, as in Petronas Towers.
 The space in the buildings connected by skyways is often devoted to retail business, so areas around the skyway may operate as a shopping mall.
 Non-commercial areas with closely associated buildings, such as university campuses, can often have skyways and/or tunnels connecting buildings.
