Francesco D'Isa is an Italian artist, writer, journalist and art curator.
 He studied philosophy in Florence, Italy.
 He's self-taught as an artist: his fascination with visual imagery has driven him to master the required skills.
 He's a pioneer of digital art in Italy, but his drawing abilities let him work with traditional media as well.
 He was the co-founder of the Italian art & literature magazine "Mostro", where he published his first artworks.
 After that, his digital and traditional artworks were featured in many magazines around the world, like "Expose III", Ballistic Publishing (US); "Pixel Surgeons: Extreme manipulation of the figure in Photography", Mitchell Beazley Art & Design, Octopus ed.
 (UK); "Black magic, White Noise" ed "Illusive 3", Die Gestalten Verlag (Germany); "Design 360°", SanDu Culture ed.
 (China), GQ magazine (Italy), Inside Art (Italy).
 His accolade in contemporary art practice has been recognised with several art prizes.
 He has exhibited internationally from Italy, Germany, Holland, Switzerland, England, US, Australia, Russia, South America.
 His theory and practice has been extended as a workshop leader and lecturer in multimedia.
 In 2007 he became "Pornpope" founding the porn-artistic collective Pornsaints.
 He organized for Pornsaints international art exhibitions and parties in art galleries and erotic festivals, both in Europe and USA.
 Moreover, through his work as "Pornpope" many international porn stars like Kylie Ireland, Stoya, Madison Young, Sasha Grey and Ariel Rebel acted for him as muses, models and working partners.
 In 2009 his art has been chosen for the image of the Italian fashion brand bigfatfanny and featured at the fashion fair "Pitti Immagine" 2010.
 In 2010, his comic "I., a comic drawn by everyone" become a regular blog of the Italian online newspaper "Il Post"; in November 2011 "I." has been published as an illustrated book by Nottempo (Italy).
 In 2013, his short stories has been published in "Selezione Naturale", Effequ (Italy) and "Toscani Maledetti", Piano B (Italy) and his short comic "Liebe macht nicht frei, baby!"
 as ebook for Retina Comics.
 His first novel, "Anna - storia di un palindromo" has been published in 2014 by Effequ (Italy), his second novel, "Ultimo piano (o porno totale)", by Imprimatur (Italy) in 2015, the third "La Stanza di Therese", by Tunué (Italy) in 2017.
 He regularly writes for "Il Post" (Italy) and RT Book Reviews (USA).
 Since 2015, he's head editor of the Italian magazine L'INDISCRETO.
Shudi Atiya ash-Shafi (Arabic: شهدى عطية الشافى‎ ‎ ) was an Egyptian communist theoretician and activist.
 Ash-Shafi studied in Britain, and returned to Egypt in 1942 with a Master of Arts degree from Exeter College.
 After his return to Egypt he was employed at the Ministry of Education as an English-language supervisor.
 He joined the communist "Iskra" group, of which he became a prominent member.
 He went on to become director of the House of Scientific Research (a Marxist study centre set up by "Iskra") for a period.
 In 1947 he became editor of the newspaper of the group, "al-Jamahir".
 In the same year "Iskra" merged into the Democratic Movement for National Liberation (HADITU).
Bray was born in Oxford and brought up in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire.
 She studied cello and composition at Birmingham Conservatoire, graduating with First Class Honours having studied with Joe Cutler.
 She then completed an MMus in composition with Distinction at the Royal College of Music, where she studied with Mark Anthony Turnage.
 She participated in the Britten-Pears Contemporary Composition Course in 2007 with Oliver Knussen, Colin Matthews, and Magnus Lindberg; and studied at Tanglewood Music Centre in 2008, in 2008 with John Harbison, Michael Gandolfi, Shulamit Ran and Augusta Read Thomas.
 In 2011 Charlotte is an Honorary Member of Birmingham Conservatoire and was named as their Alumni of the Year 2014 in the field of Excellence in Sport or the Arts.
 Awarded the Royal Philharmonic Society Composition Prize 2010 resulted in a piano quartet commission for Cheltenham International Music Festival for which Charlotte wrote "Replay".
 She was also winner of the 2014 Lili Boulanger Prize.
The Abolition of Man is a 1943 book by C. S. Lewis.
 It is subtitled "Reflections on education with special reference to the teaching of English in the upper forms of schools," and uses that as a starting point for a defense of objective value and natural law, and a warning of the consequences of doing away with or "debunking" those things.
 It defends science as something worth pursuing but criticizes using it to debunk values—the value of science itself being among them—or defining it to exclude such values.
 The book was first delivered as a series of three evening lectures at King's College, Newcastle, part of the University of Durham, as the Riddell Memorial Lectures on February 24–26, 1943.
The Extreme Centre: A Warning is a 2015 book by British-Pakistani writer, journalist, political activist and historian Tariq Ali.
Tobe Levin Freifrau von Gleichen (*Feb 16, 1948), a multi-lingual scholar, translator, editor and activist, is an Associate of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard University; a Visiting Research Fellow at the International Gender Studies Centre, Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford; an activist against female genital mutilation (FGM) and professor of English Emerita at the University of Maryland, University College.
 Having received her PhD in 1979 from Cornell University, she is most known for combining her advocacy against FGM with her academic scholarship in comparative literature.
 She has published peer-reviewed and popular articles and book chapters, edited four books, launched UnCUT/VOICES Press in 2009 and founded "Feminist Europa Review of Books" (1998-2010).
 Her most notable works to date are "Empathy and Rage.
 Female Genital Mutilation in African Literature" and " Waging Empathy.
 Alice Walker, Possessing the Secret of Joy, and the Global Movement to Ban FGM."
 Alice Walker expressed appreciation for the text that shows worldwide solidarity with the novelist's literary abolition efforts in the early nineties.
 Levin has also teamed up with Maria Kiminta and photographer Britta Radike to publish a memoir and sourcebook, "Kiminta.
 A Maasai's Fight against Female Genital Mutilation."
Rachel Anne McKendry (born 1973) is a British chemist and digital public health pioneer.
 She is Director of i-sense, a UK-based interdisciplinary research collaboration developing early warning sensing systems for infectious diseases.
 Rachel is also Professor of Biomedical and Nanotechnology at University College London and the London Centre for Nanotechnology.
 She is part of the UK's Cross Council Initiative on Antimicrobial Resistance.
Andrew Suknaski (July 30, 1942 – May 3, 2012) was a Canadian poet and visual artist.
 He was born on a homestead near Wood Mountain, Saskatchewan and studied at a number of institutions, receiving a diploma of Fine Arts from the Kootenay School of Art in 1967.
 He was an editor for Anak Press and Deodar Shadow Press, and founded the underground magazine "Elfin Plot" in Vancouver in 1969.
 From 1977 to 1978, he was writer-in-residence at St. John's College, University of Manitoba.
 His early works were published in Al Purdy’s anthology "Storm Warning" (1971).
 His first collection was "Wood Mountain Poems" (1976), edited by Purdy, followed by "The Ghosts Call You Poor" (1978) and "In The Name of Narid" (1981).
 "Ghosts" won him the Canadian Authors’ Association Poetry Award in 1979.
 Suknaski also worked as a researcher for the National Film Board of Canada, contributing to such films as "Grain Elevator" (1981), by Charles Konowal, and "The Disinherited" (1985), by Harvey Spak.
 In 1978, Spak made a documentary about Suknaski, "Wood Mountain Poems".
 Suknaski’s Polish and Ukrainian heritage, his concern for First Nations people and for the history and culture of the Canadian Prairies are strongly reflected in his work.
 He stopped writing in the 1980s and died in Moose Jaw on May 3, 2012.
Kevin Fong (born 21 May 1971) is Consultant Anaesthetist at UCL Hospitals, and is Anaesthetic Lead for both the Patient Emergency Response Team and Major Incident Planning.
 He is an Honorary Senior lecturer in physiology at UCL where he organises and runs an undergraduate course Extreme Environment Physiology.
 He is an expert on space medicine in the UK and is the co-director of the Centre for Aviation Space and Extreme Environment Medicine (CASE Medicine), University College London (UCL).
John Lloyd Dorsey Jr. (August 10, 1891 – March 22, 1960) was a Representative from the U.S. state of Kentucky.
 He was born in Henderson, Kentucky, August 10, 1891; educated in the public schools and at Bethel College, Russellville, Kentucky.
 He graduated from Centre College, Danville, Kentucky, in 1912.
 He studied law at Centre College, was admitted to the bar in 1913 and commenced practice in Henderson, Kentucky.
