American avant-garde composer John Cage (1912–1992) started composing pieces for solo prepared piano around 1938–40.
 The majority of early works for this instrument were created to accompany dances by Cage's various collaborators, most frequently Merce Cunningham.
 In response to frequent criticisms of prepared piano, Cage cited numerous predecessors (such as Henry Cowell).
 In the liner notes for the very first recording of his most highly acclaimed work for prepared piano, "Sonatas and Interludes", Cage wrote: "Composing for the prepared piano is not a criticism of the instrument.
 I'm only being practical."
 This article presents a complete list of Cage's works for prepared piano, with comments on each composition.
Sonatas and Interludes is a collection of twenty pieces for prepared piano by American avant-garde composer John Cage (1912–1992).
 It was composed in 1946–48, shortly after Cage's introduction to Indian philosophy and the teachings of art historian Ananda K. Coomaraswamy, both of which became major influences on the composer's later work.
 Significantly more complex than his other works for prepared piano, "Sonatas and Interludes" is generally recognized as one of Cage's finest achievements.
Takanori Arisawa (有澤 孝紀 , Arisawa Takanori , April 2, 1951 – November 26, 2005) was a Japanese composer and arranger best known for composing the "Sailor Moon" anime series and "Digimon" series (Seasons 1-4).
 He wrote music for the series, including its video games.
 Born in Tokyo, Arisawa began to learn piano at the age of 20.
 After graduating from Senzoku Gakuen College, Arisawa started his career in 1980 by composing "Shinjuku Transfer".
 He worked for the Tokyo Broadcasting System and wrote several TV dramas. From the 1990s until his death, Arisawa began composing for anime series exclusively.
 His work on "Sailor Moon" was initially based on pop music, but gradually began to change to those found in classical music.
 "Sailor Moon" was successful and Arisawa won several awards for his work.
 After "Sailor Moon", Arisawa composed music for several shows, including the "Digimon" series, until his death from bladder cancer in 2005.
Zaj was an experimental music and performance art group formed in 1959 in Milan, Italy by composers and intermedia artists Walter Marchetti and Juan Hidalgo with the support of the American composer John Cage.
 The group received major contributions by different artists from the Spanish avant-garde scene, notably from the writer and diplomat José Luis Castillejo and from the interdisciplinary artist Esther Ferrer.
 During the 1960s, members of Zaj took part in different Fluxus events organised by George Maciunas.
 With the help of John Cage and his agent Mimi Johnson, Zaj also toured in different cities in the United States in the late 1970s.
 The group was disbanded in 1993 by Walter Marchetti.
Toshi Ichiyanagi (一柳 慧 , Ichiyanagi Toshi , born 4 February 1933) is a Japanese composer of avant-garde music.
 He studied with Tomojiro Ikenouchi, Kishio Hirao, and John Cage.
Shigeko Kubota (久保田 成子 , Kubota Shigeko ) (2 August 1937 – 23 July 2015) was a Japanese video artist, sculptor and avant-garde performance artist, who mostly lived in New York City.
 She was one of the first artists to adopt the portable video camera Sony Portapak in 1967.
 Kubota is known for constructing sculptural installations with a strong DIY aesthetic, which include sculptures with embedded monitors playing her original videos.
 She was a key member and influence on Fluxus, the international group of avant-garde artists centered on George Maciunas, having been involved with the group since witnessing John Cage perform in Tokyo in 1962 and subsequently moving to New York in 1964.
 She was closely associated with George Brecht, Jackson Mac Low, John Cage, Joe Jones, Nam June Paik, and Ay-O, other members of Fluxus.
 Kubota was deemed "Vice Chairman" of the Fluxus Organization by Maciunas.
Koji Nakano (born August 1974-) is a Japanese composer.
 He was born in Japan and educated in Boston, The Hague, and San Diego.
 Nakano has been recognized as one of the major voices among Asian composers of his generation.
 His work strives to merge Western and Eastern musical traditions, and reflects the relationship between beauty, form and imperfection through the formality of music.
 Nakano received his bachelor's degree in composition with distinction, and master's degree in composition with academic honors and distinction, Pi Kappa Lambda, from the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, where he studied with Lee Hyla and John Harbison.
 From 2002 to 2003, Nakano studied with Dutch composer Louis Andriessen in Amsterdam and at the Royal Conservatory of Hague as the Japanese Government Overseas Study Program Artist.
 In 2006, he received his Ph.D. in composition from the University of California at San Diego, where he studied with Chinary Ung.
 In addition to being the recipient of the American Artists and Museum Professionals in Asia Fellowship from the Asian Cultural Council, Nakano is also the first recipient of the Toru Takemitsu Award in Composition from the Japan Society of Boston awarded annually to the most talented young composer in the Boston area.
 In 2008, he became the first composer to receive the "S&R Washington Award Grand Prize" from the S&R Foundation, which is awarded annually to the most talented young artist (in the fields of fine arts, music, drama, dance, photography and film), for his/her contributions to U.S.- Japanese relations.
 The past distinguished grand prize awardees include soprano Maki Mori (2000), pianist Yu Kosuge (2002), violinists Yosuke Kawasaki (2004), Sayaka Shoji (2006), and Tamaki Kawakubo (2007).
Ken Itō (伊東 乾 , Itō Ken ) is a Japanese composer, conductor, and writer born in Tokyo on January 27, 1965.
 He has claimed to have studied composition and conducting with Leonard Bernstein, Pierre Boulez, John Cage, and others.
 Ito has been assistant professor at University of Tokyo since 2000.
Music for Electric Metronomes is an avant-garde aleatoric composition written in 1960 by Japanese composer Toshi Ichiyanagi for any number of performers between three and eight.
 The piece involves the manipulation of electric metronomes, followed by various unspecified sounds and actions.
 It is a very theatrical piece, and reflects Ichiyanagi's affiliation with Fluxus, an experimental art movement from the sixties.
 The only true scored "instrument" is an electric metronome for each individual player, though the varying sounds and/or actions may involve many different instruments and objects at the discretion of the performer.
 Because the graphic notation of score (which is a series of dashes, lines, and numbers in an erratic pattern of connected paths) leaves a lot of room for personal interpretation and expression, each performance is unique, and almost certainly cannot be reproduced.
 There is no conductor for the performance.
 It has been recorded on the album "Toshi Ichiyanagi: 1960's & 1990's".
 In a review of a performance by the S.E.M. Ensemble in 1992 at the Paula Cooper Gallery, the music critic of "The New York Times", Alex Ross, described the piece as "merely a timid, spastic prelude to György Ligeti's monumental "Poème symphonique" for 100 metronomes".
Richard Bunger Evans, also known as Richard Bunger, (born 1942) is an American composer and pianist who worked with John Cage and subsequently wrote "the classic book on John Cage," "The Well-Prepared Piano".
 Evans has composed and performed music for opera and musical theatre, piano, art songs, prepared piano, choral music, string orchestra and chamber music.
 Evans continues to compose and perform in these various genres, and is highly respected as an accompanist to singers.
 During his 17-year career as a music professor, Evans was named one of two Outstanding Professors of 1981–1982 in the California State University system.
