The Elihu Benjamin Washburne House, also known as the Washburne-Sheehan House, is a 1 ⁄ -story Greek Revival house located at 908 Third Street in Galena, Illinois.
 Constructed in 1844–45, the building was built for and owned by Elihu Benjamin Washburne, a prominent Galena lawyer who served in Congress during the American Civil War, and as Secretary of State and Minister to France under President Ulysses S. Grant, another famous Galenian.
 The Washburne House was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Terry Ray (born February 12, 1961) is an American actor, screenwriter, and producer.
 Some of his work includes "Gaydar" and "Cost of Living" (2009).
 Ray is the creator and writer of "here!
 TV"'s sitcom "From Here on OUT", the first original gay sitcom created by a gay network.
 Terry stars in the sitcom, along with Juliet Mills, Suzanne Whang and T.J. Hoban.
<br><br>Terry Ray's 1987 appearance on Scrabble (game show) is noted as number 3 in the "10 Great Gay Moments in Game Show History", after Charles Nelson Reilly and Paul Lynde.
 In the same appearance, Terry was also named as one of the "5 Weirdest Game Show Contestants Ever", by Movieline.
<br><br>Terry’s first professional writing job was the stage performance “Hollywood Goes Classical" at the venerable Dorothy Chandler Pavilion starring Mickey Rooney, Michael York, Dean Jones, Rhonda Fleming and several other classic film stars.
 He wrote and starred in two more shows at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, one co-starring Amanda Bynes and the other Hilary Duff.
<br><br>Terry is also the voice of the "Gaydar Gun", a spinoff toy from the film Gaydar.
No Man's Land is a 2013 Chinese neo-western thriller film directed, co-written and co-produced by Ning Hao and starring Xu Zheng, Yu Nan, Huang Bo and Tobgye (Tibetan actor also known as Duobuji).
Antonio De Carlo, born (1967--) 4, 1967 (age 50 ) in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, is a Mexican actor also known as Antonio in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
 He won an Emmy Award in 2005-2006.
 He is president and founder of the "Fundación Cultura Sin Fronteras AC".
 After twelve years out of show business, in 2012 he returned to the soap operas performing "Magic Dragon" one of the main characters for "Miss XV", a co-production from Televisa México and Nickelodeon directed and produced by Pedro Damian.
 He is also part of the cast of "Muchacha Italiana Viene a Casarse", directed by Pedro Damian (Televisa, México).
Lance Robertson (born August 3, 1969) is a Los Angeles-based musician, DJ, and actor also known as "DJ Lance Rock" on the Nick Jr. show "Yo Gabba Gabba!
".
Alan Wray Tudyk ( ; born March 16, 1971) is an American actor and voice actor known for his roles as Hoban "Wash" Washburne in the space western television series "Firefly" and movie "Serenity", Alpha in the science fiction TV series "Dollhouse", Tucker McGee in "Tucker & Dale vs. Evil", Steve the Pirate in "", and Wat in "A Knight's Tale".
 He also co-starred on the ABC sitcom "Suburgatory".
 Tudyk had a supporting role in the film "42" as baseball manager Ben Chapman and voiced roles in every Walt Disney Animation Studios film to date starting with "Wreck-It Ralph".
 He has also featured in the web series "Con Man" and the films "" and "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story".
Claude Cattermole "Catsmeat" Potter-Pirbright is a recurring fictional character from the Jeeves stories of British comic writer P. G. Wodehouse, being a member of the Drones Club and a longtime school friend of Jeeves's master Bertie Wooster.
 An actor also known as Claude Cattermole on stage or Claude Pirbright from his birth name Claude Cattermole Pirbright, he has the nickname Catsmeat (i.e. lights - lung-based cat food).
Pedro Antonio González González (born 1965 in Sutamarchán, Boyacá, Colombia) is a Colombian humorist, journalist and actor also known as Don Jediondo (a play on the word "hediondo", meaning stinky or pungent).
I'm Breathless: Music from and Inspired by the Film Dick Tracy is the second soundtrack album by American singer and songwriter Madonna.
 It was released on May 22, 1990, by Sire Records to promote and accompany the film "Dick Tracy".
 In the film Madonna starred as Breathless Mahoney and her then-boyfriend Warren Beatty played the title role.
 After filming was complete, Madonna began work on the film's soundtrack, with songwriter Stephen Sondheim, producer Patrick Leonard and engineer Bill Bottrell.
 She also worked with producer Shep Pettibone on the album's first single, "Vogue".
 The album was recorded in three weeks, at Johnny Yuma Recording and Ocean Way Studios, in California.
The Western Canada Miners (also known as just the Canada Miners) are a professional independent baseball team based in Yuma, Arizona, and representing western Canada.
 They play in the developmental Arizona Winter League, a short-season instructional winter league affiliated with the North American League and they play their home games at Desert Sun Stadium in Yuma, as well as the San Diego Surf Dawgs, Saskatchewan Silver Sox, Team Canada and Yuma Scorpions.
 The team uses the logo and uniforms of the now-defunct Mesa Miners team and are owned by Diamond Sports & Entertainment.
