The 2015 FIA World Endurance Championship season was the fourth season of the FIA World Endurance Championship auto racing series, co-organized by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO).
 The series was open to Le Mans Prototypes and grand tourer-style racing cars meeting four ACO categories.
 World championship titles were awarded for Le Mans Prototypes drivers and for manufacturers in the LMP1 category, and several World Endurance Cups and Endurance Trophies were also awarded in all four categories.
 The season began at the Silverstone Circuit in April and ended at the Bahrain International Circuit in November after eight rounds, and included the 83rd running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
The Toyota TS030 Hybrid was a Le Mans Prototype 1 (LMP1) sports car built by Toyota Motorsport GmbH and used by the manufacturer in the FIA World Endurance Championship in 2012 and 2013.
 It was Toyota's first all new prototype since the GT-One last competed in 1999, and was the first petrol-hybrid engine car to participate in the World Endurance Championship.
 Work on designing the car began in late 2010 when early chassis designs were presented to Toyota Motorsport.
 The project was stopped briefly after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, but the car's building was approved six months later.
 The TS030 Hybrid featured a Kinetic Energy Recovery System (KERS) regenerative braking device to charge a super capacitor.
 Its engine, a naturally aspirated petrol 3.4 L V8 power unit, was mounted at a 90 degree angle, produced 530 hp , and was based on Toyota's Super GT project.
The FIA World Endurance Championship is an endurance auto racing series held by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO) since 2012 which awards international championships, cups, and trophies to the most successful drivers, teams, and manufacturers in each of the series' categories over the course of a season.
 Points are awarded based on individual race results as well as for earning pole position in qualifying, with the highest tally of points winning the respective championship, cup, or trophy.
 The highest awards in the series are the FIA World Endurance Drivers' Championship and the FIA World Endurance Manufacturers' Championship, both of which center around participants in the Le Mans Prototype categories.
The 2013 FIA World Endurance Championship season was the second season of the FIA World Endurance Championship auto racing series, co-organized by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO).
 The series was open to Le Mans Prototypes and grand tourer-style racing cars meeting four ACO categories.
 World Championships were awarded to drivers and to LMP1 category manufacturers, and several World Cups and Endurance Trophies were awarded for the series' other categories.
 The eight race championship began in April at the Silverstone Circuit and ended in November at the Bahrain International Circuit.
 The season was marred by the death of Allan Simonsen in the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
The 2017 FIA World Endurance Championship is the sixth season of the FIA World Endurance Championship, an auto racing series co-organised by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO).
 The series is open to Le Mans Prototypes and grand tourer-style racing cars divided into four categories.
 The season began at the Silverstone Circuit in April and will end at the Bahrain International Circuit in November, and include the 85th running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
 World championship titles will be awarded to the leading prototype drivers and manufacturers, while for the first time in the World Endurance Championship the leading grand touring drivers and manufacturers will also be awarded a world championship.
The 2016 FIA World Endurance Championship season was the fifth edition of the FIA World Endurance Championship auto racing series co-organised by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO).
 The series was open to Le Mans Prototypes and grand tourer-style racing cars meeting four ACO categories.
 The season began at the Silverstone Circuit in April and ended at the Bahrain International Circuit in November, and included the 84th running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
This season is also the last WEC season for Audi Sport Team Joest as they decided not to race in the 2017 FIA World Endurance Championship Season.
The 2014 FIA World Endurance Championship season was the third season of the FIA World Endurance Championship auto racing series, co-organized by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO).
 The series was open to Le Mans Prototypes and grand tourer-style racing cars from four ACO categories.
 World Championship titles were awarded for Le Mans Prototypes drivers and for LMP1 manufacturers, and several World Endurance Cups and Endurance Trophies were also awarded.
 The eight race series began in April at the Silverstone Circuit and concluded in November at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace.
The 2012 European Le Mans Series was the ninth season of the Automobile Club de l'Ouest's European Le Mans Series (previously known as simply Le Mans Series).
 Championship titles were awarded in five categories, with the Le Mans Series shifting its categories following its separation from the FIA World Endurance Championship.
 LMP1 cars were dropped due to most teams entering the FIA World Endurance Championship while a new GTC category was created to allow single make grand tourer cars and FIA GT3s to compete in endurance races.
 However, there were no GTC cars that competed during the season.
Sébastien Olivier Buemi (born 31 October 1988) is a Swiss professional racing driver, who formerly competed for Scuderia Toro Rosso in Formula One.
 Buemi is currently a reserve driver for Scuderia Toro Rosso's sister team, Red Bull Racing, as well as being a member of Toyota's FIA World Endurance Championship squad and e.dams Renault in the FIA Formula E Championship.
 Along with teammate Anthony Davidson, Buemi became World Champion in the LMP1 class of the FIA World Endurance Championship, in 2014.
 He won the second ever Formula E championship, the season held across 2015–2016, by two points for setting the fastest lap time in the final race despite not finishing the event.
The 1981 World Sportscar Championship season was the 29th season of FIA World Sportscar Championship motor racing.
 It featured the 1981 FIA World Endurance Championship which was contested over a fifteen race series which ran from 31 January to 27 September.
 The former World Challenge for Endurance Drivers was renamed to the World Endurance Championship of Drivers for 1981 and the World Championship of Makes was renamed to the World Endurance Championship of Makes.
 Bob Garretson won the World Endurance Championship of Drivers and Lancia was awarded the World Endurance Championship of Makes.
