Oliver Wendell Holmes Junior High School (HJHS) has been in the core of Davis, California at 1220 Drexel Drive since fall 1966.
 In 2006, it had 741 students, grades 7-9.
 The mascot of the school is the Patriot.
 Classes not taught on campus are usually taken at Davis Senior High School.
 The school is one of the three Junior High Schools in Davis, California, the others being Frances Ellen Watkins Harper Junior High in East/South Davis, and Ralph Waldo Emerson Junior High in West Davis.
Waterloo Community Unit School District is a unified school district located in Waterloo, which is both one of the largest cities in and the county seat of Monroe County, which is located in the southwest reaches of the state of Illinois.
 It is composed of five schools: three elementary schools, one junior high school, and one senior high school.
 W. J. Zahnow Elementary School serves students in grades PK-1; this picks up at Rogers Elementary School, which educates students anywhere in between second grade and third grade.
 Gardner Elementary School educates students anywhere in between fourth grade and fifth grade.
 Waterloo Junior High School serves grades six through eight, while this picks up at Waterloo High School, which serves the last of the four grades.
 The current superintendent of Waterloo's school district is Brian Charon.
 The principal of Zahnow Elementary is Mary Gardner; the principal at Rogers Elementary is named Brian Smith; Nick Schwartz governs Waterloo Junior High School; and lastly, Lori Costello is principal of Waterloo Senior High School.
The Ottawa High School and Junior High School, located at 526 and 506 S. Main St. respectively, are the historic former high school and junior high school in Ottawa, Kansas.
 The high school was built in 1917, while the junior high school was built from 1927 to 1928; an enclosed hallway connecting the two buildings was built with the junior high school.
 The high school was the first school in Ottawa to be built solely as a high school and the eighth school built in Ottawa.
 George P. Washburn & Son designed the high school in the Collegiate Gothic style.
 When the junior high school was constructed ten years later, the firm, by then known as Washburn & Stookey, designed the building in the same style as the high school.
Woodman Junior High School is a major junior high school for S.W. Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
 The building was built in 1959 and has undergone some modifications from the original design including a new section added in the 60's.
 Woodman Junior High School has 34 classrooms in total including an art room, large gymnasium, small gymnasium, music (Band) room, science labs, computer lab, weight room, industrial shop, home economics labs (Cooking and Sewing), a drama room, and a learning resource centre.
 Woodman's school team are known as the Woodman Wolves.
 Woodman has RTI also known as Wolfpack, where students can choose sessions to attend to enrich learning.
William Fremd High School, or Fremd, (formerly known as Palatine High School South) is a public four-year high school located in Palatine, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 It is part of Township High School District 211, which also includes James B. Conant High School, Hoffman Estates High School, Palatine High School, and Schaumburg High School.
 The school is known for its academic excellence, and its athletic, drama, visual arts, and music programs have won state championships in recent years.
 Academically, Fremd High School has also been recognized by Newsweek as one of “America’s Best High Schools” and by U.S. News & World Report as one of 99 outstanding high schools in the United States with the average AP test taker taking 4.2 exams.
 Fremd serves Palatine that is southwest of the UP NW Line railroad tracks, north Hoffman Estates, west Rolling Meadows, north Schaumburg and southeast Inverness.
 Feeder schools include Plum Grove Junior High, Carl Sandburg Junior High, Walter Sundling Junior High and Margaret Mead Junior High.
 Feeder elementary schools are Pleasant Hill, Paddock, Hunting Ridge, Central Road, Willow Bend, Thomas Jefferson, Marion Jordan, Fairview, and Frank C. Whiteley.
Cumberland Community Unit School District 77 is a unified school district located in the county seat of Cumberland County, the village of Toledo, Illinois.
 It is composed of three schools: one elementary school, one junior high school, and one high school, and altogether, as of the 2007-08 school year, encompasses 1,132 students.
 Students just entering the district first attend Cumberland Elementary School, which serves students from kindergarten through grade five; the school also runs a pre-kindergarten program, and is headed by T. Butler.
 Those in grades six through eight attend Cumberland Junior High School, which is headed by principal Kevin Maynard.
 Graduates spend their last years in the district at Cumberland High School, from grade nine through grade twelve.
 The principal of Cumberland High School is Todd Hall.
 The superintendent of the district is Todd Butler; the nickname of the district junior high school is the Raiders, while the nickname of the high school is the Pirates.
Lorne Akins Junior High is a school in St. Albert, Alberta that teaches students in grades seven through nine.
 The school is named for the farmer that owned the property on which the school is currently built, first opening in 1963 as Paul Kane High School.
 However, in 1973 Paul Kane moved to another building, and the Lorne Akins building opened in April 1973 as a junior high, replacing the previous junior high Sir Alexander Mackenzie, which turned into an elementary school.
 The current principal of the school is Loretta Manning, who took over from principal Roger Scott.
 Notable alumni from the school include NHL star Jarome Iginla and author James Cummins.
 The school is well known for its wrestling team the Crush, which produced nine different national champions under the 34 year coaching tenure of teacher Barrie Schulha, who retired in 2012.
 His wrestling program was the longest running continuous sports program at a junior high in St. Albert.
La Salle Senior High School was a multi-story Post-Modern era high school in Niagara Falls, New York built in 1956 and was run by the Niagara Falls City School District.
 It was closed in 2000 and was subsequently merged with the "old" Niagara Falls High School to create the "new" Niagara Falls High School due to declining student enrollment associated with the declining population of Niagara Falls.
 It is not to be confused with the former La Salle Junior High School, which is now the La Salle Preparatory School, also located in Niagara Falls.
 The school was razed in 2001 to eventually make way for a Wal-Mart and the associated plaza buildings that include a Hobby Lobby and which also includes a Sam's Club, both located on what was once sports fields and viewing stands.
 The school was located at the eastern front end of the large property and on prime real estate on Military Road almost directly opposite Wegmans, which is a busy shopping corridor which also includes the expanding Fashion Outlets Mall.
 The school's nickname was the "Explorers", which is now being used by the preparatory school.
 The site had once been farmers fields, with the Star-Lite Drive-In also nearby.
York Mills Collegiate Institute is a Toronto high school, offering grades 10–12, located in North York along York Mills Road between Leslie Street and Bayview Avenue.
 The school emphasizes university preparation.
 English and French Immersion courses are provided from grades 10 to 12.
 Windfields Junior High and St. Andrews Junior High are the two feeder middle schools that make up the majority of York Mills' population.
 Additionally, Don Valley Junior High was a feeder school to York Mills until its conversion from a junior high (grades 7 to 9) to a middle school (grades 7 to 8) in 2016.
Santa Susana High School is one of four public high schools located in the Simi Valley Unified School District in Simi Valley, California.
 Built in 1970, the school campus was originally designed as a junior high campus formerly known as Sequoia Junior High School.
 In June 1995, the Simi Valley School Board voted one junior high campus be converted into a magnet high school to accommodate the move of 9th graders into regular high school campuses, and all remaining junior high campuses be converted into middle schools.
 The school board elected Sequoia Junior High over Hillside Junior High because of location, and in September 1996 it became Santa Susana High School.
