"Everybody Is a Star", released in December 1969, is song written by Sylvester Stewart and recorded by Sly and the Family Stone.
 The song, released as the b-side to the band's 1970 single "Thank You (Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin)", reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in February 1970 at a time when chart position for both sides of the single were measured equally and not independently.
 "Star" was intended to be included on an in-progress album with "Thank You" and "Hot Fun in the Summertime"; the LP was never completed, and the three tracks were instead included on the band's 1970 "Greatest Hits" compilation.
 The single was the final classic-era Family Stone recording; it would be 23 months until the next release, the single "Family Affair" in late 1971.
Kathleen Marie Garver (born December 13, 1945) is an American stage, film, television, and voice-over actress most remembered for having portrayed the teenage niece, Catherine "Cissy" Davis, to series character Uncle Bill Davis, played by Brian Keith, on the popular 1960s CBS sitcom, "Family Affair".
 Before that, she was cast as a slave in the film "The Ten Commandments" (1956).
 Garver authored "The Family Affair Cookbook" (2009) and since 2008 has co-hosted the Comcast television talk show "Backstage!
 With Barry & Kathy".
Florence Hackett (née Florence Hart) (January 1882 – August 21, 1954) was an American film actress in the silent era.
 She was allegedly married to veteran film star Arthur V. Johnson, reputedly D.W. Griffith's favorite actor.
 Previously she was married to a man named Maurice Hackett and had two sons, Albert Hackett and Raymond Hackett and a daughter Jeannine Hackett.
 Hackett was the proverbial stage mother involving her sons first in the theater then in motion pictures.
 From 1912 she and Johnson played in numerous films together with him directing many of them right up to his 1916 death.
 They were the type of films classified today as 'shorts', that is they ran one or two reels.
 Her boys also appeared in some of the films making the work more of a family affair.
 She made her last film appearance in 1920.
The Road West is an American Western television series that aired on NBC from September 12, 1966 to May 1, 1967 for twenty-nine episodes with rebroadcasts continuing until August 28.
 The hour-long series, sponsored by Kraft Foods, aired in the 9 p.m. Eastern Monday time slot opposite "The Andy Griffith Show" and "Family Affair" on CBS and the crime drama "Felony Squad" and the prime time soap opera "Peyton Place" on ABC. "
Perry Como's Kraft Music Hall" originally alternated with the series as monthly specials.
"Family Affair" is a song by American singer Mary J. Blige.
 It was written by Blige, her brother Bruce Miller, Camara Kambon, Michael Elizondo, and Dr. Dre for her fifth studio album "No More Drama" (2001), while production was overseen by the latter.
 "Family Affair" is a pumping dance-pop song that incorporates elements of hip hop and R&B.
 The music for the track was originally created in a jam session between Dre and musicians Mel-Man, Camara Kambon, Mike Elizondo and Scott Storch.
 Later, Blige heard the song that her brother Bruce Miller, Asiah the Continent and Luchi Lodge created the lyrics and melody to and decided on recording her vocals.
 On the single cover, Dre is seen in the shadows, highlighting his role on the track.
William D. Russell (April 30, 1908 - April, 1968) was an American film and television director.
 Born in Indianapolis, Indiana on April 30, 1908, he began his Hollywood career with the 1945 film "Hollywood Victory Caravan".
 His career in film ended with his last film, 1951's "Best of the Badmen".
 In the early fifties he began directing for television with Screen Gems, and his many credits include episodes of "Father Knows Best" (he was with the show from 1954 to 1956), "Dennis the Menace", "Perry Mason", "Hazel", "Bewitched", "the Farmer's Daughter" and "Family Affair".
 Russell was nominated for three Emmys, first for "You Are There" in 1953, second for "the Farmer's Daughter" in 1964, and later for "Family Affair" in 1967.
 His directorial career ended shortly before his death in April 1968.
"Family Affair" is a 1971 number-one hit single recorded by Sly and the Family Stone for the Epic Records label.
 Their first new material since the double a-sided single "Thank You (Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin)"/ "Everybody Is a Star" nearly two years prior, "Family Affair" became the third and final number-one pop single for the band. "
Rolling Stone" magazine later ranked the song #138 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
 The song version by John Legend, Joss Stone, and Van Hunt, won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals at 49th Annual Grammy Awards.
A Moment is the second album of R&B singer Lalah Hathaway.
 The album's first single was "Let Me Love You," produced by Brian Alexander Morgan of SWV fame.
 A video was also shot for the single.
 The follow-up single was "Separate Ways," released as a double-A side single with "Family Affair."
 The Martyn Ware-produced "Family Affair" was actually released in 1991 and billed as "BEF featuring Lalah Hathaway".
"Moments in Soul" was the only hit single by JT & The Big Family, a 1990s band.
 It has become their trademark song and reached #7 on the UK singles chart.
 The band released a second single, a cover of the Sly & the Family Stone hit "Family Affair" which reached #90 in the UK.
 The song samples Art of Noise's "Moments In Love"
Edmund Hartmann (September 24, 1911 – November 28, 2003) was a US television writer and producer from the 1930s to the 1970s.
 He was born in St. Louis, Missouri.
 He attended Washington University in St. Louis.
 He later married and had one child (Susan Hartmann).
 Hartmann worked with numerous actors including Bob Hope.
 He produced the television classic "My Three Sons" for ten seasons from 1962 and also produced "Family Affair".
 Both shows were filmed by Don Fedderson Productions.
