Athletic incontinence (athletic leakage, athletic leaks, exercise-induced urinary incontinence) is the specific form of urinary incontinence that results from engaging in high-impact or strenuous activities.
 Unlike stress incontinence, which is defined as the loss of small amounts of urine associated with sneezing, laughing or exercising, athletic incontinence occurs exclusively during exercise.
 Athletic incontinence is generally thought to be the result of decreased structural support of the pelvic floor due to increased abdominal pressure during high-impact exercise.
 As such exercises that build and develop the pelvic floor may be an important step to counteracting athletic incontinence.
 In addition to high-impact exercise, this weakening can also stem from childbirth and age.
Laughing Stock is the fifth and final studio album by British post-rock band Talk Talk.
 Following on from their previous release "Spirit of Eden" (1988), and the departure of bassist Paul Webb, which reduced the band to the duo of Mark Hollis and Lee Harris, Talk Talk acrimoniously left EMI and signed to the jazz-based Verve Records, and recorded "Laughing Stock" at Wessex Sound Studios, London, with producer Tim Friese-Greene and engineer Phill Brown from September 1990 to April 1991.
(Maurice Sendak's) Seven Little Monsters, or (Maurice Sendak's) 7 Little Monsters, is an American-Canadian-Chinese-Philippine children's television program about a family of seven monsters and their mother.
 The series, based on the book by the same name, was created by Maurice Sendak and directed by Neil Affleck, Lynn Reist, and Glenn Sylvestor.
 Each monster is named after a different number from one to seven, and each has unique physical characteristics.
 The series was part of the "PBS Kids Bookworm Bunch" from 2000–03, and made an individual PBS debut on 2003, along with George Shrinks and The Berenstain Bears, and was shown from 2003–07 on YTV.
 The series was produced by Wild Things Productions, Nelvana, Suzhou Hong Ying Animation Corporation Limited and Philippine Animation Studio Inc. (PASI Animation) from 2000–02.
 The 54-episode series debuted in 2000 and aired its final episode in 2003 and reruns until 2004.
Monsters, Inc.
 Scream Team (released as Monsters, Inc.
 Scare Island in Europe and Monsters Inc.
 Monster Academy in Japan) is a platform game published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation, based on the 2001 animated film "Monsters, Inc.".
 It was released in the United States in 2001 and in the PAL region in 2002.
 In 2011, the game was made available on the PlayStation Store for download.
Monster Planet of Godzilla was a theme park attraction at Sanrio Puroland.
 It is a 3-D motion simulator featuring specially filmed sequences of Godzilla battling the monsters Mothra and Rodan.
 All the monsters were portrayed using the costumes and props from the early 1990s Godzilla films.
 In addition, a new super-plane named "Earth" is introduced to thwart the monsters' destructive rampage.
 The attraction opened in 1994.
Far from the most common energy supply, the sun, and from many nutrient supplies closely tied to the surface, the deep sea is still home to a unique ecosystem.
 Deep-sea wood is the term for wood which sinks to the ocean floor.
 All organisms of the ocean floor face unique challenges in synthesizing ATP/GTP needed for cellular function and replication.
 In this case, deep-sea wood supports a unique form of deep sea community life including chemo-synthetic bacteria.
 Sources of carbon for these organisms are not limited to wood, but also include kelp and the remains of whales.
 As it is difficult and very costly to simply discover logs that have fallen to the ocean floor, much of what is known about deep-sea wood is obtained from experiments by marine biologists, in which wood is forced to the bottom of the ocean for a set amount of time and is then collected later for sampling.
Monsters, Inc. is a 2001 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.
 Featuring the voices of John Goodman, Billy Crystal, Steve Buscemi, James Coburn, and Jennifer Tilly, the film was directed by Pete Docter in his directorial debut, and executive produced by John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton.
 The film centers on two monsters employed at the titular energy-producing factory Monsters, Inc. — top scarer James P. "Sulley" Sullivan and his one-eyed partner and best friend Mike Wazowski.
 In the film, employees at Monsters, Inc. generate their city's power by scaring children, but they themselves are afraid that the children are toxic to them, and when one child enters the factory, Sulley and Mike must return her home before it is too late.
Monsters, Inc.
 Laugh Floor is an attraction within the Magic Kingdom, a theme park at Walt Disney World Resort.
 It opened on April 2, 2007 within the park's Tomorrowland section, where it replaced the Circle-Vision attraction The Timekeeper.
The Laughing Baby is a YouTube viral video of a baby laughing.
 The video became an internet phenomenon and has had a total of over 69 million views.
 Originally uploaded by a Swedish man under the pseudonym of spacelord72, and later re-uploaded and popularized by another user known as BlackOleg, the "Laughing Baby" is one of the few internet memes that have entered popular culture.
 The original uploaded by spacelord72, has had 11 million views as of April 2017.
 and the reposting by BlackOleg, titled HaHaHa, achieved 62 million views by Sep 2008.
A carpet sweeper is a mechanical device for the cleaning of carpets.
 They were popular before the introduction of the vacuum cleaner and have been largely superseded by them.
 However, they continue to be used in many home and commercial applications because they are lightweight and quiet, enabling users to quickly clean small messes up from the floor without disturbing patrons, patients, babies and pets.
 (A very early appearance in film occurs in the 1914 Charlie Chaplin film "Laughing Gas", where Chaplin uses it to clean the waiting-room floor of a dentist.)
 Carpet sweepers are still available in many parts of the world.
