The 2013–14 Southampton F.C. season was the club's 15th season in the Premier League, and their 37th in the top division of English football.
 Having secured their place in the Premier League the previous season following a seven-year absence from the top flight, the club progressed in their league performance and achieved their main aim of a top-ten finish.
 Southampton finished eighth in the Premier League table, having won 15, drawn 11, and lost 12 of their 38 games played: their best season since 2002–03.
 They also made it to the fifth round of the FA Cup and the fourth round of the League Cup.
The 2010–11 Southampton F.C. season was the club's 71st and sixth consecutive season in The Football League, and their second in League One.
 Having narrowly missed out on the chance of promotion the previous season, Southampton were again seeking to reclaim their place in The Championship by being promoted in 2011.
 Before the commencement of the campaign, Southampton were slated as the favourites to win the League One title by a number of bookmakers, commentators and fans.
The 2017–18 Southampton F.C. season is the club's 19th season in the Premier League and 41st in the top division of English football.
 In addition to the Premier League, the club will also compete in the FA Cup and competed in the EFL Cup.
 The season is the club's first with manager Mauricio Pellegrino, who replaced the departed Claude Puel after one season in charge on 23 June 2017.
 As of 30 September 2017, Southampton are twelfth in the Premier League table having won two, drawn two and lost three of their first seven matches of the season.
 They were knocked out of the EFL Cup in the second round by Wolverhampton Wanderers.
The 1946–47 Southampton F.C. season was the club's 18th season in the Football League Second Division and their 20th in the Football League.
 Southampton finished the season in 14th place in the league table, having won 15, drawn 9 and lost 18 of their 42 matches.
 The club also made it to the fourth round of the FA Cup.
 Inside forward Jack Bradley finished the season as the club's top scorer in the league with 14 goals, while centre forward George Lewis finished as joint top scorer in all competitions alongside Bradley, with 15 goals.
The 2012–13 season was Feyenoord's 105th season of play, it was their 57th season in the Eredivisie and its 91st consecutive season in the highest Dutch football division.
 The club ended its league campaign in third place, being undefeated at home, and reached the quarter-finals of the KNVB Cup.
 Their European campaign ended after four matches, two each in the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League.
 It was the club's second season under manager Ronald Koeman.
The 2013–14 season was Feyenoord's 106th season of play, it marked its 58th season in the Eredivisie and its 92nd consecutive season in the top flight of Dutch football.
 They ended their league campaign as runners-up.
 They entered the KNVB Cup in the second round and reached the quarter-final.
 Their Europa League appearance consisted of the play-off round.
 It was the third straight season with manager Ronald Koeman, who did not renew his contract at the conclusion of the season.
The 2016–17 Southampton F.C. season was the club's 18th season in the Premier League and their 40th in the top division of English football.
 In addition to the 2016–17 Premier League, the club also competed in the FA Cup, EFL Cup and UEFA Europa League.
 The season was the club's only campaign with manager Claude Puel, who took over from Ronald Koeman on 30 June 2016.
 The club finished eighth in the Premier League table, having won twelve, drawn ten and lost sixteen of their 38 matches played.
 They were knocked out of the UEFA Europa League at the group stage, having won two, drawn two and lost two of their matches, and the FA Cup in the fourth round, while they finished as runners-up in the EFL Cup Final losing 3–2 to Manchester United.
The 1992–93 Southampton F.C. season was the club's first season in the Premier League, and their 23rd season in the top division of English football.
 As co-founders of the Premier League, the club looked to retain their status as one of the top clubs in the country by ensuring a 16th consecutive season in the top flight.
 Southampton finished 18th in the league, just one point above the relegation zone – their worst top division finish since their relegation in 1974.
 They also reached the third round of the FA Cup and the League Cup.
Ronald Koeman (] ; born 21 March 1963) is a former Dutch footballer and the current manager of English club Everton.
 He is the younger brother of former Feyenoord coach Erwin Koeman and the son of former Dutch international Martin Koeman.
 A composed player on the ball, Koeman was capable of being deployed both as a defender and as a midfielder, and he frequently played as a sweeper, due to his vision and his ability on the ball.
 Regarded as one of the best and most prolific attacking central defenders of all time, Koeman was renowned for his long-range passing, as well as his shooting accuracy and power from distance, especially on free kicks, and is the top scoring defender in world football; he was also an accurate penalty kick taker.
The 2014–15 Southampton F.C. season was the club's 16th season in the Premier League and their 38th in the top division of English football.
 It was also the club's first season with Dutch manager Ronald Koeman, who replaced Mauricio Pochettino on 16 June 2014.
 Southampton finished seventh in the Premier League, having won 18, drawn six and lost 14 matches.
 The club also made it to the fourth round of the FA Cup and the fifth round of the League Cup.
