U.S. Gold Limited was a British video game publisher based in Holford, England.
 The company was founded in 1984 by Geoff Brown in parallel to his distributor firm CentreSoft, and, like CentreSoft, became part of the Woodward Brown Holdings (later renamed CentreGold).
 The company primarily aimed to publish games imported from the United States for a lower price tag in Europe and especially the United Kingdom.
 By 1985, U.S. Gold projected a tourover of US$ for their first fiscal year, and expected to release further 150 games in the year to come.
 In 1988, U.S. Gold received the Golden Joystick Award for "Software House of the Year".
 The company also operated the budget range label Kixx.
 In April 1996, Eidos Interactive acquired the entire CentreGold umbrella (including U.S. Gold) for GB£ , as a result of which all operations of U.S. Gold were merged into Eidos Inteactive, and the company closed.
Strider II (released in North America under the title of Journey from Darkness: Strider Returns), is a side-scrolling platform game published by U.S. Gold (under license from Capcom USA) and originally released for various computer platforms in 1990 .
 It is a European-developed sequel to Capcom' s arcade game "Strider", which U.S. Gold previously ported to home computers in Europe.
 The game was developed by Tiertex, as with "Human Killing Machine", the U.S. Gold sequel to "Street Fighter".
Strider 2, released in Japan as Strider Hiryū 2 (ストライダー飛竜２ , Sutoraidā Hiryū Tsū ) , is Capcom's 1999 sequel to the original "Strider".
 This game is actually the second sequel to "Strider" produced, following U.S. Gold's 1990 noncanonical "Strider II" ("Journey from Darkness: Strider Returns" in America), a game with which Capcom was not directly involved.
 The Capcom-produced "Strider 2" makes no references to the Western-only "Strider Returns"/"Strider II".
 The game was released for arcades in 1999 and was ported to the PlayStation in 2000.
Human Killing Machine, commonly abbreviated as "HKM", is a 2D fighting video game.
 The game was developed by Tiertex who hired external team Blue Turtle (Nick Pavis and Leigh Christian) to produce the graphics, and published by U.S. Gold, released in March 1989.
 It was touted as a sequel to Tiertex's home computer conversion of "Street Fighter" (as the two companies later did with "Strider II").
 It was released on the 8 and 16-bit home computer formats.
Kaboom Studios Limited (formerly Geoff Brown Holdings Limited) was a British holding company established by Geoff Brown in 1996 to pursue video game development company investment.
 The company was started for Brown's December 1996 acquisition of a 75% stake in Silicon Dreams Studio for at least GB£ .
 Silicon Dreams Studio was founded by Brown in March 1994, as in-house development team for his publishing company, U.S. Gold, until the entire CentreGold umbrella (including U.S. Gold and Silicon Dreams) was sold to Eidos Interactive in April 1996.
 In January 1997, Geoff Brown Holdings also acquired Attention to Detail, and a motion capture studio Audiomotion, as well as another developer, Pivotal Games, were founded under the Kaboom umbrella in 1997 and March 2000, respectively.
 In 2003, Kaboom Studios faced major financial struggles, resulsting in the colsure of Attention to Detail and Silicon Dreams Studio on 28 August 2003 and 3 September 2003, respectively.
 Meanwhile, Audiomotion's managing director Mick Morris performed a management buyout, in order to "reboot" itself and avoid closure.
 Kaboom Studios went into receivership on 9 September 2003, with all remaining assets, including still-active Pivotal Games, being transferred to Ernst & Young for sale.
 On 29 September 2003, SCi acquired Pivotal Games from Ernst & Young for a total of GB£ .
Dropzone is a shoot 'em up video game developed by Archer Maclean (under the name Arena Graphics) and published in 1984 by U.S. Gold.
 It was released for the Atari 8-bit family and Commodore 64, then later ported to the Nintendo Entertainment System, Game Boy, Game Gear and Game Boy Color.
 It was Maclean's first commercial game.
Charles Cecil MBE (born 11 August 1962) is a British video game designer and co-founder of Revolution Software.
 Cecil was brought to the Democratic Republic of the Congo when he was still very young, but was evacuated at two years after Mobutu Sese Seko's coup d'état.
 He was then educated at Bedales School in Hampshire, England.
 In 1980 he began his studies in Engineering Manufacture and Management at Manchester University, where he met student Richard Turner who invited him to write some text adventures for Artic Computing.
 After completing his degree in 1985 he decided to continue his career in game development and became director of Artic.
 In the following year he established Paragon Programming, a game development company working with British publisher U.S. Gold.
 In 1987 he moved into publishing as software development manager for U.S. Gold.
 One year later he was approached by Activision and was offered the position of manager of their European development studio.
Dakota Territory Resource Corp, a Reno, Nevada corporation, is a publicly traded gold development company owning land in the historic Homestake District of the northern Black Hills of South Dakota, an area that once produced the second largest amount of gold in U.S. history.
 Otherwise known as the Homestake Mine or the Homestake Deposit, the 100-square-mile area yielded approximately 44 million ounces of gold in its 136-year-history, placing it second in U.S. gold production only to the Carlin District of northeast Nevada, and ranking it the largest iron-formation-hosted gold deposit in the world.
Masters of the Universe: The Arcade Game is a video game developed by Adventure Soft for several home computer platforms, and published by U.S. Gold in 1987.
 The game is part of the Masters of the Universe media franchise.
 In the same year, U.S. Gold published another Masters of the Universe video game: "".
World Cup USA '94 is an association football video game developed by Tiertex Design Studios and published by U.S. Gold.
 It was released for Genesis, Sega CD, Super NES, Master System, DOS, Game Boy, and Game Gear in 1994 .
 The game gives official groups, teams and the fidelity schedule of the championship.
 The PC and Sega CD versions have digitized stadium photos.
 The Genesis version carried the PolyGram Video logo across the stadium advertisement boards in the game.
