Here Comes Peter Cottontail is a 1971 Easter stop motion animated television special produced by Rankin/Bass Productions and based on the 1957 novel "The Easter Bunny That Overslept" by Priscilla and Otto Friedrich.
 The title of the special is from the Easter song "Here Comes Peter Cottontail", which is also heard in the special.
 The name "Peter Cottontail" comes from a series of books by Thornton W. Burgess (1874–1965), although the special is not based directly on his books.
Yogi the Easter Bear is a 1994 animated television special starring Yogi Bear and produced by Hanna-Barbera which was broadcast in syndication on April 3, 1994.
 This was the last time Don Messick voiced both Boo Boo and Ranger Smith (his last being "Arabian Nights" which was also first aired in September 3, 1994).
 Messick died in 1997.
The Easter Bunny is Comin' to Town is a 1977 stop motion animated Easter television special produced by Rankin/Bass Productions, and featuring the voice of Fred Astaire as the narrator.
 It originally premiered on ABC on April 6, 1977 at 8 p.m.
The Easter Bunny (also called the Easter Rabbit or Easter Hare) is a folkloric figure and symbol of Easter, depicted as a rabbit bringing Easter eggs. Originating among German Lutherans, the "Easter Hare" originally played the role of a judge, evaluating whether children were good or disobedient in behaviour at the start of the season of Eastertide.
 The Easter Bunny is sometimes depicted with clothes.
 In legend, the creature carries colored eggs in his basket, candy, and sometimes also toys to the homes of children, and as such shows similarities to Santa Claus or the Christkind, as they both bring gifts to children on the night before their respective holidays.
 The custom was first mentioned in Georg Franck von Franckenau's "De ovis paschalibus" ('About Easter Eggs') in 1682, referring to a German tradition of an Easter Hare bringing Easter eggs for the children.
Bugs Bunny's Easter Special (also known as "The Bugs Bunny Easter Special" and "Bugs Bunny's Easter Funnies") is a "Looney Tunes" television special featuring a number of Warner Bros. cartoons.
 It originally debuted on the CBS network on April 7, 1977.
The First Easter Rabbit is a 1976 animated Easter television special that premiered on April 9 on NBC, later airing on CBS.
 Created by Rankin/Bass, it tells the story of the Easter Bunny's origin and is loosely based on "The Velveteen Rabbit", a children's book by Margery Williams.
 Burl Ives did the narration of this special which also featured the song "Easter Parade".
 After 1964's "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer", this is the second Rankin/Bass special to be narrated by Burl Ives.
Peter and the Magic Egg is a 1983 animated musical Easter television special produced by Murakami-Wolf-Swenson.
 It is narrated as story by Uncle Amos the egg, voiced by Ray Bolger.
Happy Go Ducky is the 110th one reel animated "Tom and Jerry" short, created in 1956, directed and produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera with music by Scott Bradley, and marks the penultimate appearance of Quacker the duckling.
 The cartoon's working title was "One Quack Mind" before the directors finally chose "Happy Go Ducky", a pun on the phrase "Happy go lucky".
 The cartoon was animated by Kenneth Muse, Bill Schipek, Ken Southworth, Herman Cohen, Lewis Marshall and James Escalante, with backgrounds by Roberta Greutert and layouts by Richard Bickenbach.
 Despite having an Easter theme, the cartoon was not originally released in Easter, and it is also one of the special episodes of the cartoon that had been planned for release in Easter 1957, but these plans were shelved.
 Instead, it was released on January 3, 1958 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve (28 November 1685 – 29 December 1755) was a French author influenced by Madame d'Aulnoy, Charles Perrault, and various précieuse writers.
 Barbot is particularly noted for her original story of "La Belle et la Bête", which is the oldest known variant of the fairy tale "Beauty and the Beast".
Bugs Bunny's Thanksgiving Diet is an animated television special released on November 15, 1979; it stars Bugs Bunny and incorporated parts of several "Looney Tunes" cartoons.
 The special followed up on the successful "Looney Tunes" special "Bugs and Daffy's Carnival of the Animals" that had aired in 1976, which reintroduced the character of Bugs Bunny in his first new material since 1964.
 The female rabbit from this special was rumored to be Honey Bunny, but is in fact a variation of Witch Hazel's rabbit form.
