"Always" is a science fiction short story written by Karen Joy Fowler.
 Originally published in the April/May 2007 issue of "Asimov's Science Fiction", it won the 2007 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 It is collected in Fowler's "What I Didn't See".
Lady Churchill's Rosebud Wristlet (LCRW) is a twice-yearly small press zine published by Small Beer Press, edited by Gavin Grant and Kelly Link.
 It contains an eclectic mix of fiction, poetry, and nonfiction, with an emphasis on speculative fiction, fantasy or slipstream.
 Link, Karen Joy Fowler, and Ursula K. Le Guin are among the most prominent of writers who have published in "LCRW".
Karen Joy Fowler (born February 7, 1950) is an American author of science fiction, fantasy, and literary fiction.
 Her work often centers on the nineteenth century, the lives of women, and alienation.
Writers of the Future (WOTF) is a science fiction and fantasy story contest that was established by L. Ron Hubbard in the early 1980s.
 A sister contest, Illustrators of the Future, presents awards for science fiction art.
 Hubbard characterized the contest as a way of "giving back" to the field that had defined his professional writing life.
 The contest has no entry fee and is the highest-paying contest for amateur science-fiction and fantasy writers.
 Notable past winners of WOTF include Stephen Baxter, Karen Joy Fowler, James Alan Gardner, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Jay Lake, Michael H. Payne, Patrick Rothfuss, Robert Reed, Dean Wesley Smith, Sean Williams, Dave Wolverton, Nancy Farmer, and David Zindell.
Readercon is an annual science fiction convention, held every July in the Boston, Massachusetts area, in Burlington, Massachusetts.
 It was founded by Bob Colby and statistician Eric Van in the mid-1980s with the goal of focusing almost exclusively on science fiction/fantasy/slipstream/speculative fiction in the written form (on the rare occasion that there is a discussion held about non-written science fiction, it will have a tongue-in-cheek title such as "Our biannual media panel").
 Past guests of honor have included authors such as Greer Gilman, Gene Wolfe, Octavia Butler, Samuel R. Delany, Karen Joy Fowler, Brian Aldiss, Nalo Hopkinson, Joe Haldeman, Caitlín R. Kiernan, Peter Straub, and China Miéville, and editors such as Ellen Datlow and David G. Hartwell.
 The convention also makes a point of honoring a deceased author as the Memorial Guest of Honor.
 In 2009, for instance, the guests of honor were the living writers Elizabeth Hand and Greer Gilman and the memorial guest of honor was Hope Mirrlees.
The James Tiptree Jr.
 Award is an annual literary prize for works of science fiction or fantasy that expand or explore one's understanding of gender.
 It was initiated in February 1991 by science fiction authors Pat Murphy and Karen Joy Fowler, subsequent to a discussion at WisCon.
The following is a list of winners and shortlisted works of the James Tiptree Jr.
 Award, an annual literary prize for works of science fiction or fantasy that expand or explore one's understanding of gender.
 It was initiated in February 1991 by science fiction authors Pat Murphy and Karen Joy Fowler, and is awarded and discussed yearly at WisCon.
The Jane Austen Book Club is a 2004 novel by American author Karen Joy Fowler.
 The story, which takes place near Sacramento, California, centers on a book club consisting of five women and one man who meet once a month to discuss Jane Austen's six novels.
 It was a critical success and became a national bestseller.
The Jane Austen Book Club is a 2007 American romantic drama film written and directed by Robin Swicord.
 The screenplay, adapted from the 2004 novel of the same name by Karen Joy Fowler, focuses on a book club formed specifically to discuss the six novels written by Jane Austen.
 As they delve into Austen's literature, the club members find themselves dealing with life experiences that parallel the themes of the books they are reading.
We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves is a 2013 novel by the American writer Karen Joy Fowler.
 The novel won the 2014 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction<ref name="The Guardian - 3 April 2014 - Karen Joy Fowler wins PEN/Faulkner award for fiction"> </ref> and was also short-listed for the 2014 Man Booker Prize.
