2 steg från Paradise is the sixth studio album by Swedish singer Håkan Hellström, released on October 13, 2010.
 It was produced by Håkan Hellström in collaboration with Joakim Åhlund.
 Many of the songs were written together with The Soundtrack of our Lives' guitarist Björn Olsson, who also produced Hellström's third studio album "Ett kolikbarns bekännelser.
 "A double A-side single featuring "Saknade te havs" and "River en vacker dröm" was released prior to the album, on September 11.
 "River en vacker dröm" was originally meant to be performed at the current year's edition of Way Out West only.
 However, nearing the release of the album, Hellström chose to record it as well.
Chasing Coral is a 2017 documentary film about a team of divers, scientists and photographers around the world who document the disappearance of coral reefs. "Chasing Coral" was produced by Exposure Labs and directed by Jeff Orlowski.
 It premiered at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival and was released globally on Netflix as a Netflix Original Documentary in July 2017.
Jeff Orlowski is an American filmmaker.
 He is best known for both directing and producing the Emmy Award-winning documentary "Chasing Ice" (2012) and "Chasing Coral" (2017).
The Catlin Seaview Survey, later renamed the XL Catlin Seaview Survey, was a major scientific expedition which commenced in September 2012, whose aim was to document the composition and health of coral reefs worldwide.
 Specifically, the survey aimed to "carry out a rapid assessment of the current state of coral reef systems and to make this scientific record publicly available for scientists worldwide to use".
 The survey was sponsored by the Catlin Group until the survey ended when the Catlin group ended sponsorship.
 The original team created a film, chasing coral and a new, global initiative known as 50 reefs.
Charice is the first international studio album (third overall release) by Filipino pop singer Jake Zyrus.
 It was released on May 11, 2010, under Reprise Records, making her the third Filipino singer to be signed on an international record label, the first being Lea Salonga (on Atlantic Records in 1993) and Regine Velasquez (on Mercury Records in 1994).
 It was released prior to Zyrus' gender transition thus the eponymous album is credited under his former name, Charice.
Kaaviya Thalaivan (English: "Epic Ruler" ) is the 2014 soundtrack album to the Tamil historical fiction film of the same name, written and directed by Vasanthabalan.
 A. R. Rahman has composed the original songs and score for the film.
 Being a period film, the music of film reflects the sounds during the 1920s pre-Independence Indian era.
 The album marks poet Vaali's last lyrical work for this A. R. Rahman musical film.
 Prior to recording the original songs, Rahman carried out a research for six months for the music.
 Majority of the tracks were recorded by nine months, beginning from October 2012.
 Every song in the film has an underlying concept that justifies the screenplay.
 The singles released prior to the album release were "Vaanga Makka Vaanga" and "Yaarumilla".
 The original version of the soundtrack album that released on August 18, 2014was aired through Suryan FM.
 The album met enthusiastic response from audience and positive critical acclaim.
 It topped the Indian Music Charts.
"11 O'Clock Tick Tock" is a song by Irish rock band U2.
 It is their second single and was released 16 May 1980.
 It followed their debut EP "Three" and the single "Another Day."
 It was released prior to their debut album, "Boy".
"Lolitawork Libretto" (少女仕掛けのリブレット , Shoujo Jikake no Riburetto ) is the second studio album by singer and cellist Kanon Wakeshima.
 The song "Toumei no Kagi" was released as a digital download prior to the release of the album on September 16, 2009.
 The song was used as the theme song of the online game "Avalon no Kagi".
 A promotional music video for the song "Lolitawork Libretto ~Storytelling by Solita~" was also released prior to the album.
181920 is the first greatest hits album by Japanese musician Namie Amuro, released under the Avex Trax label.
 The album covers twelve singles which were released prior to her maternal hiatus in 1998.
 The title of the album derives from the fact that its material spans those three ages in which she recorded and performed these songs.
 Her 9th single, "Dreaming I was Dreaming" is exclusive to the album not appearing on any of her original studio recordings.
Not Without Love is the second studio album from CCM musician Jimmy Needham.
 It was released on August 19, 2008 through Inpop Records in the United States.
 The album's lead single "A Breath or Two" was released prior to the album, and reached No. 11 on Christian contemporary hit radio.
