Mississippi County is a county located in the Bootheel of the U.S. state of Missouri, with its eastern border formed by the Mississippi River.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,358.
 The largest city and county seat is Charleston.
 The county was officially organized on February 14, 1845, and was named after the Mississippi River.
Burfordville is an unincorporated community in western Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States, on the banks of the Whitewater River.
 It is located five miles west of Jackson on Route 34.
 Bufordville is part of the Cape Girardeau–Jackson, MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Yoknapatawpha County, pronounced [jɒknəpəˈtɔfə] is a fictional Mississippi county created by the American author William Faulkner, based upon and inspired by Lafayette County, Mississippi, and its county seat of Oxford, Mississippi (which Faulkner renamed Jefferson).
 Faulkner often referred to Yoknapatawpha County as "my apocryphal county".
Pearce v. Ham, 113 U.S. 585 (1885) , was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Illinois regarding a bill filed by Charles I. Ham, the appellee, against Isaac N. Pearce and Andrew J. Kuykendall, the appellants.
 Originally, one Joseph K. Frick contracted with the County Court of Johnson County in the State of Illinois, where he agreed to build, according to certain plans and specifications, a courthouse for said county at Vienna, the county seat, furnishing the material and completing it by the first Monday of September 1870, in consideration whereof the county court agreed to pay him $38,357 in the bonds of Johnson county, bearing ten percent interest, and due in six years.
 Frick never did any work on the building, and, owing to some misunderstanding with the county court, abandoned the contract and told Kuykendall that he might go on and build the courthouse if he chose to do so.
 On September 9, 1869, Kuykendall, as the agent and attorney in fact of Frick, assigned the contract of the latter to Ham and Pearce, Ham being the appellee, and Pearce one of the appellants, who had formed a partnership for the purpose of building the courthouse under said contract.
Bethel High School is a high school located five miles west of Shawnee, Oklahoma in Bethel Acres, approximately 35 miles east of Oklahoma City.
 It serves approximately 400 students and is part of the Bethel School District.
Mississippi County Airport (ICAO: KCHQ, FAA LID: CHQ) is a public use airport in Mississippi County, Missouri, United States.
 It is owned by the Mississippi County Commission and located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) south of the central business district of Charleston, Missouri.
Delmar is a small, rural, unincorporated community in west-central Winston County, United States.
 Delmar is located six miles north of Natural Bridge, five miles south of Haleyville and 15 miles west of Double Springs, the county seat of what was once the "Free State of Winston."
 Delmar has an elevation of 881 feet above sea level.
Keats is an unincorporated community in Wildcat Township, Riley County, Kansas, United States.
 It is located five miles west of Manhattan.
Mineral Center is an unincorporated community in Cook County, Minnesota, United States; located five miles west of the community of Grand Portage.
Charleston is a city in Mississippi County, Missouri, United States.
 The population was 5,947 at the 2010 census.
 It is the county seat of Mississippi County.
 It is a home to a local correctional facility.
