Jacques Charles Noel Dugé de Bernonville (December 20, 1897 – April 26, 1972) was a French collaborationist and senior police officer in the Milice of the Vichy regime in France.
 He was known to hunt down and execute resistance fighters during World War II, as well as for his participation in anti-semitic programs, including the deportation of French Jews to Drancy and extermination camps.
 After his escape from France, he was convicted of war crimes and condemned to death.
Jacques Charles Émile Jouguet (5 January 1871, Bessèges (Gard) – 2 April 1943, Montpellier) was a French engineer and scientist, whose name is attached to the Chapman–Jouguet condition.
In mathematics, in the field of ordinary differential equations, the Sturm–Picone comparison theorem, named after Jacques Charles François Sturm and Mauro Picone, is a classical theorem which provides criteria for the oscillation and non-oscillation of solutions of certain linear differential equations in the real domain.
In mathematics, in the field of ordinary differential equations, Sturm separation theorem, named after Jacques Charles François Sturm, describes the location of roots of homogeneous second order linear differential equations. Basically the theorem states that given two linear independent solutions of such an equation the zeros of the two solutions are alternating.
Les Frères Robert were two French brothers.
 Anne-Jean Robert (1758–1820) and Nicolas-Louis Robert (1760–1820) were the engineers who built the world's first hydrogen balloon for professor Jacques Charles; which flew from central Paris on August 27, 1783.
 They went on to build the world's first manned hydrogen balloon, and on 1 December 1783 Nicolas-Louis accompanied Jacques Charles on a 2-hour, 5-minute flight.
 Their barometer and thermometer made it the first balloon flight to provide meteorological measurements of the atmosphere above the Earth's surface.
In mathematics, a Sturmian word (Sturmian sequence or billiard sequence), named after Jacques Charles François Sturm, is a certain kind of infinitely long sequence of characters.
 Such a sequence can be generated by considering a game of English billiards on a square table.
 The struck ball will successively hit the vertical and horizontal edges labelled 0 and 1 generating a sequence of letters.
 This sequence is a Sturmian word.
In mathematics, the Sturm series associated with a pair of polynomials is named after Jacques Charles François Sturm.
Jean Jacques Charles Ausseil (30 April 1925 – 4 February 2001) was Minister of State for Monaco between 1985 and 1991.
"Mon Homme" (] ) is a popular song known by its English translation, "My Man".
 The song was originally composed by Jacques Charles, Channing Pollock, Albert Willemetz, and Maurice Yvain.
In mathematics and its applications, a classical Sturm–Liouville theory, named after Jacques Charles François Sturm (1803–1855) and Joseph Liouville (1809–1882), is the theory of a real second-order linear differential equation of the form
