Obsessed (; lit.
 "Human Addiction" or "Human Intoxication") is a 2014 South Korean erotic romance film written and directed by Kim Dae-woo, about a couple having a passionate affair in a military camp under tight surveillance in 1969.
Bill Berry is the American Producing Director for The 5th Avenue Theatre in Seattle, Washington.
 Berry served as associate producing artistic director and casting director from 2002 through 2009.
 During that time, he directed productions of West Side Story (Seattle Times Footlight Award), Wonderful Town (Seattle Times Footlight Award, The Wizard of Oz, and Smokey Joe's Cafe.
 He will make his Broadway directing debut this summer as "First Date the Musical" moves into the Longacre Theatre.
 Berry’s directing work has been seen at theaters across the country, most recently at New Jersey’s Paper Mill Playhouse where he directed a critically acclaimed production of On the Town.
Elliott Lester is an English film and television director, best known for directing the film "Blitz".
 He made his directing debut in 2006 with "Love Is the Drug", and his latest film, "Aftermath", was released on April 4, 2017.
Kim Dae-woo (born 1962) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.
 Kim started his filmmaking career by winning the 1991 Korean Film Council Screenplay Contest.
 He was an accomplished screenwriter with a number of hit scripts, including "The Girl for Love and The One for Marriage" (1993), "An Affair" (1998), "Rainbow Trout" (1999), and "Untold Scandal" (2003).
 Making a switch to directing, he debuted with the hit period drama film "Forbidden Quest" (2006), followed by "The Servant" (2010) and "Obsessed" (2014).
 "Forbidden Quest" won the Best New Director at the 42nd Baeksang Arts Awards, and Best New Director and Best Screenplay at the 26th Korean Association of Film Critics Awards in 2006.
Born in Tokyo, Japan, he attended Waseda University but left before graduating due to his involvement in a left-wing theater troupe.
 He joined P.C.L. (a precursor to Toho) in 1933 and began working as an assistant director to Kajirō Yamamoto alongside his longtime friend, acclaimed Japanese filmmaker, Akira Kurosawa.
 He made his feature film directing debut in 1947 with "Snow Trail," which was written by Kurosawa.
 "Snow Trail" starred Toshirō Mifune in his film debut and actress Setsuko Wakayama.
 It helped establish Taniguchi's reputation for action film.
Anthony C. Ferrante is an American film director, producer, and writer, known for directing the "Sharknado" series, the 2017 thriller Forgotten Evil and the 2005 ghost story "Boo", which was his feature film writing and directing debut.
Juice is a 1992 American crime film directed by Ernest R. Dickerson, and written by Dickerson and Gerard Brown.
 It stars Omar Epps, Jermaine Hopkins, Khalil Kain and Tupac Shakur.
 The film touches on the lives of four youths growing up in Harlem.
 It follows the day-to-day activities in the young men's lives starting out as innocent mischief but growing more serious as time passes by.
 It also focuses on the struggles that these young men must go through everyday as well such as police harassment, rival neighborhood gangs and their families.
 The film is the writing and directing debut of Dickerson, and features Shakur in his acting debut.
Who's the Man?
 is a 1993 thriller comedy film, directed by Ted Demme, in his feature film directing debut.
 The film stars "Yo!
 MTV Raps" hosts Doctor Dré and Ed Lover as its two main protagonists., it features dozens of cameo appearances from some of the top rap/hip-hop acts of the time, including (though not limited to) Busta Rhymes, Bushwick Bill, Guru, Eric B., House of Pain, Ice-T, Kris Kross, Queen Latifah, KRS-One and Run-D.M.C.
.
 This film is also the feature film debut of Terrence Howard.
Sayo Yamamoto (山本 沙代 "Yamamoto Sayo"; born April 13, 1977) is a Japanese anime director.
 She is known for directing the anime series "Michiko & Hatchin" and "Yuri on Ice" and the critically acclaimed anime series "".
 After graduating from the College of Art and Design in Tokyo, she began work at Studio Madhouse, where she had her directing debut at age 25.
Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey is a 1991 American science fiction comedy film, and the directing debut of Pete Hewitt.
 It is the second film in the "Bill & Ted" franchise, and a sequel to "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" (1989).
 Keanu Reeves, Alex Winter and George Carlin reprise their roles.
 The film's original working title was "Bill & Ted Go to Hell" and the film's soundtrack featured the song "Go to Hell" by Megadeth, which Dave Mustaine wrote for the film.
 Despite mixed reviews from film critics, like its predecessor, the film has since gained a cult following.
