Herbert William Bainbridge (29 October 1862 – 3 March 1940) was an English cricketer and footballer.
 Bainbridge played cricket principally for Eton, MCC, Surrey, Cambridge University and Warwickshire.
 He was born at Guwahati, Assam, India and died at Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England.
Fort Bainbridge, believed to be named in honor of naval captain William Bainbridge, was a military supply fort located along the Federal Road on what is today the county line between Macon and Russell counties in Alabama.
 It was either constructed in late 1813 or early 1814 by Georgia troops under the command of Colonel Homer V. Milton or General John B. Floyd in an effort to protect the supply route from Fort Hull to Fort Mitchell.
 Fort Bainbridge was built in the style of a bastion fort with eight outcroppings.
The third USS "Bainbridge" (DD-246) was a "Clemson"-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II.
 She was named for Commodore William Bainbridge, who served in the War of 1812 and the First and Second Barbary Wars.
William Bainbridge (May 7, 1774 – July 27, 1833) was a Commodore in the United States Navy.
 During his long career in the young American Navy he served under six presidents beginning with John Adams and is notable for his many victories at sea.
 He commanded several famous naval ships, including  and saw service in the Barbary Wars and the War of 1812.
 Bainbridge was also in command of USS "Philadelphia" when she grounded off the shores of Tripoli in North Africa, resulting in his capture and imprisonment for many months.
 In the latter part of his career he became the U.S. Naval Commissioner.
The second USS "Bainbridge" (Destroyer No. 1/DD-1) was the first destroyer, also called "Torpedo-boat destroyers", in the United States Navy and the lead ship of the "Bainbridge"-class .
 She was named for William Bainbridge.
 "Bainbridge" was commissioned 12 February 1903.
 She served in the Asiatic Fleet before World War I and served in patrol and convoy duty during the war.
 She was decommissioned 3 July 1919.
The first USS "Bainbridge" was a brig in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.
 She was named for William Bainbridge.
Bainbridge County, Mississippi, was formed by an act of the Mississippi General Assembly dated January 17, 1823 from the western two-thirds of the original Covington County, Mississippi.
 Its area was almost identical to the modern limits of Covington County, the eastern third of the original county being cut off to form Jones County, Mississippi in 1826, leaving the area of former Bainbridge County as Covington County.
 The land had been settled from 1811 on by families from the southeastern United States, including a number of free people of color.
 A state census, "An account of the increase and decrease of the population of the State of Mississippi in the County of Bainbridge for the year 1823," was taken in its first year of existence, but the county was dissolved by an act dated January 21, 1824 and its land returned to Covington County.
 No reason for its dissolution has been discovered.
 Though the reason the county was named Bainbridge was not recorded in the creating act, in keeping with naming traditions of that time and place, it was likely named to honor notable U.S. Navy Commodore William Bainbridge.
USS "Bainbridge" (DLGN-25/CGN-25) was a nuclear-powered guided missile cruiser in the United States Navy, the only ship of her class.
 Named in honor of Commodore William Bainbridge, she was the fourth US Navy ship to bear the name.
 With her original hull classification symbol of DLGN (nuclear-powered guided missile destroyer leader, called a "frigate" at the time), she was the first nuclear-powered destroyer-type ship in the US Navy, and shared her name with the lead ship of the first US Navy destroyer class, the "Bainbridge"-class destroyer s.
USS "Bainbridge" (DDG-96) is an "Arleigh Burke"-class guided missile destroyer in the United States Navy.
 She is the fifth ship to carry that name, and the 46th destroyer of a planned 75-ship class.
 "Bainbridge" is named in honor of Commodore William Bainbridge, who as commander of the frigate USS "Constitution" distinguished himself in the War of 1812 when he and his crew captured HMS "Java", a 38-gun fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy.
USS "Bainbridge" may refer to any of five warships named after the early U.S. Navy hero William Bainbridge:
