Edward F. Wente (born 1930) is an American professor emeritus of Egyptology and the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago.
 He received his Ph.D from the University of Chicago in 1959 and lectured there from 1963 to 1996.
 He is also a longstanding member of the Oriental Institute, Chicago.
 One of his major works is "Letters from Ancient Egypt" (1990), published by the Scholarly Press.
 In 1999 the Oriental Institute published a collection of essays by Egyptologists in honor of Edward Wente" "Gold of Praise: Studies on Ancient Egypt in Honor of Edward F. Wente"".
There Goes My Baby (also released as The Last Days of Paradise) is a 1994 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written and directed by Floyd Mutrux and starring Dermot Mulroney, Rick Schroder, Noah Wyle, Lucy Deakins, and Kelli Williams.
Baby It's You!
 is a jukebox musical written by Floyd Mutrux and Colin Escott, featuring the music of the 1960s pop group the Shirelles.
 The show "tells the story of Florence Greenberg and Scepter Records, the label Greenberg started when she signed the Shirelles."
 After several tryouts and premieres, the show debuted on Broadway in April 2011, directed by Sheldon Epps.
Gen. Edward F. Jones House is a historic home located at Binghamton in Broome County, New York.
 It was constructed in 1872 and is a large 2 ⁄ -story, irregularly shaped building built of an eclectic combination of materials and textures.
 It was part of a large estate assembled by General Edward F. Jones (1828–1913) by 1883.
 The foundation and first floor are constructed of brick while the upper stories are of wood with shingle, beaded board, and clapboard siding.
 It is an exceptional example of the Queen Anne style.
American Me is a 1992 biographical crime drama film produced and directed by Edward James Olmos, his first film as a director, and written by Floyd Mutrux and Desmond Nakano.
 Olmos also stars as the film's protagonist, Montoya Santana.
 Executive producers included record producer Lou Adler, screenwriter Mutrux, and Irwin Young.
 It depicts a fictionalized account of the founding and rise to power of the Mexican Mafia in the California prison system from the 1950s into the 1980s.
Floyd Mutrux (born June 21, 1941) is an American stage and film director, writer, producer, and screenwriter.
Aloha, Bobby and Rose is a 1975 American road drama film about a young working-class couple who accidentally cause the death of a store clerk during their first date, and go on the run from the law.
 The film was written and directed by Floyd Mutrux, and starred Paul Le Mat and Dianne Hull, in addition to Robert Carradine in an early role.
Sun Records is an American drama television series based on the musical "Million Dollar Quartet" written by Colin Escott and Floyd Mutrux.
 It takes place at the Sun Studio in Memphis.
 The series stars Drake Milligan, Trevor Donovan, Kevin Fonteyne, Christian Lees, Dustin Ingram, Billy Gardell, Jonah Lees, Chad Michael Murray and Jennifer Holland.
 The series premiered on CMT on February 23, 2017 and concluded on April 13, 2017.
 While originally intended to be a three-night event, CMT extended the show to an eight episode miniseries and hinted that future episodes could be a possibility due to the show's success.
The Frozen North is a 1922 American short comedy film directed by and starring Buster Keaton.
 The film is a parody of early western films, especially those of William S. Hart.
 The film was written by Keaton and Edward F. Cline (credited as Eddie Cline).
 The film runs for around 17 minutes.
 Sybil Seely and Bonnie Hill co-star in the film.
Edward F. Caldwell & Co., of New York City, was one of the premier designers and manufacturers of electric light fixtures and decorative metalwork from the late 19th to the mid-20th centuries.
 Founded in 1895 by Edward F. Caldwell (1851–1914) and Victor F. von Lossberg (1853–1942), the firm left a legacy of custom designed and finely-made, metal gates, lanterns, chandeliers, ceiling and wall fixtures, floor and table lamps, and other decorative objects that can be found today in many metropolitan area churches, public buildings, offices, clubs, and residences including, the White House (1902 renovation), St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York, New York Public Library, and Rockefeller Center.
