Feng Shui is a martial arts-themed role-playing game, designed by Robin Laws, published first by Daedalus Entertainment and now by Atlas Games.
 The game shares its setting with the collectible card game "Shadowfist".
 The system is simple, with most detail being in the game's combat system.
 Combat is made to flow quickly, moving from one action scene to another very quickly.
 It was inspired and based on Hong Kong style action movies.
International Superstar Soccer Deluxe (officially abbreviated as ISS Deluxe and known as Jikkyou World Soccer 2: Fighting Eleven in Japan) is a football video game and the sequel to International Superstar Soccer developed and published Konami's, KCEO division.
 The Deluxe version was published first to the SNES, then the Mega Drive and finally the PlayStation.
Colleen Gleason lives near Ann Arbor, Michigan with her husband and children.
 She has a degree in English and a MBA from the University of Michigan.
 She started writing in primary school and wrote nine complete stories before selling the first book of her "The Gardella Vampire Chronicles" series to a division of Penguin Books, which published it in January 2007: the series arrives at a conclusion on March 2009.
 In 2008 she wrote a short story, a prequel to the series, titled "In Which a Masquerade Ball Unmasks an Undead", published first in the "Mammoth Book of Vampire Romance", then as "Victoria Gardella: Vampire Slayer".
 Before becoming a full-time writer, she worked in sales and marketing and started her own business in the insurance field.
Beauty and the Beast (French: La Belle et la Bête ) is a traditional fairy tale written by French novelist Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve and published in 1740 in "La Jeune Américaine et les contes marins" ("The Young American and Marine Tales").
 Her lengthy version was abridged, rewritten, and published first by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont in 1756 in "Magasin des enfants" ("Children's Collection") and by Andrew Lang in the "Blue Fairy Book" of his "Fairy Book" series in 1889, to produce the version(s) most commonly retold.
 It was influenced by some earlier stories, such as "Cupid and Psyche", written by Lucius Apuleius Madaurensi in "The Golden Ass" in the 2nd century AD, and "The Pig King".
 an Italian fairytale published by Giovanni Francesco Straparola in "The Facetious Nights of Straparola".
Knight Tyme is a computer game released for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and MSX compatibles in 1986.
 It was published by Mastertronic as part of their Mastertronic Added Dimension label.
 Two versions of the ZX Spectrum release were published: a full version for the 128K Spectrum (which was published first) and a cut-down version for the 48K Spectrum that removed the music, some graphics and some locations (which was published later).
69 (シクスティナイン , Shikusutinain ) is a roman à clef novel by Ryu Murakami.
 It was published first in 1987.
 It takes place in 1969, and tells the story of some high school students coming of age in an obscure Japanese city who try to mimic the counter-culture movements taking place in Tokyo and other parts of the world.
Under a Cruel Star: A Life in Prague 1941-1968 was published first under this title by Plunkett Lake Press, Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1986.
 The memoir was written by Heda Margolius Kovály and translated with Franci and Helen Epstein.
 It is now available in a Holmes & Meier, New York 1997 edition (ISBN  ), in a Plunkett Lake Press 2010 eBook edition and in a Granta, London 2012 edition (ISBN  ).
 "Prague Farewell" was the book title in the UK in previous editions.
 The memoir was originally written in Czech and published in Canada under the title "Na vlastní kůži" by 68 Publishers, a well-known publishing house for Czech expatriates, in Toronto in 1973.
 An English translation appeared in the same year as the first part of the book "The Victors and the Vanquished" published by Horizon Press in New York.
 A British edition of the book excluded the second treatise and was published by Weidenfeld and Nicolson under the title "I Do Not Want To Remember" in 1973.
 The book is also available in Chinese (ISBN  ), Danish (ISBN  ), Dutch (ISBN  ), French (ISBN  ), German (ISBN  ), Romanian (ISBN  ), Spanish (ISBN  ) and the original Czech editions (ISBN  ).
The Saint in Miami is the title of a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris featuring his creation, Simon Templar, alias The Saint.
 As with an earlier release, "Follow the Saint", the order of publication for this book was changed.
 Instead of being published first in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton, as had been custom for most previous volumes, the first edition instead came out in 1940 in the United States, published by The Crime Club.
 The first UK edition (by H&S) followed in 1941.
 Most future Charteris-written Saint books would be published in the United States first hereafter.
Jacob Auch was a skillful German mechanic, instrument and clock-maker, born on 22 February 1765, in Echterdingen, a town near Stuttgart.
 In Echterdingen from 1781 till 1790 served the famous Philipp Matthäus Hahn.
 The young Jacob was an apprentice of Hahn and worked in his workshop.
 From 1787 Auch opened his own workshop in Vaihingen an der Enz, where he worked till 1798, and from 1798 till 1842 served as a ducal mechanic (herzoglicher Hofuhrmacher) at the Weimar court.
 He is well known as the author of two books for watchmaking, one of the books—Handbuch für Landuhrmacher, was published first time in 1827 and reprinted many times during the next century.
Samuel Newman (May 10, 1602 – July 5, 1663) was a clergyman in colonial Massachusetts whose concordance of the Bible, published first in London in 1643, far surpassed any previous work of its kind.
