Grendel is a being originated from the Anglo-Saxon epic poem "Beowulf" (AD 700–1000), which is considered to be the oldest surviving poem in Old English.
 He is one of the poem's three antagonists (along with Grendel's mother and the dragon), all aligned in opposition against the protagonist Beowulf.
 Grendel is feared by all but Beowulf.
 Grendel is described to have descended from the lineage of the Biblical figure Cain, from Genesis 4 of the Bible, and is usually depicted as a monster or a giant, although his status as a monster, giant or some other form of supernatural being is not clearly described in the poem and thus remains the subject of scholarly debate.
The final act of the Anglo-Saxon poem "Beowulf" is about the hero Beowulf's fight with a dragon, the third monster he encounters in the epic.
 On his return from Heorot, where he killed Grendel and Grendel's mother, Beowulf becomes king of the Geats and rules peacefully for fifty winters until a slave awakens and angers a dragon by stealing a jewelled cup from its lair in order to gain freedom from killing his brother.
 When the angry dragon mercilessly burns the Geats' homes and lands, Beowulf decides to fight and kill the monster personally.
 He and his thanes climb to the dragon's lair where, upon seeing the beast, the thanes flee in terror, leaving only Wiglaf to battle at Beowulf's side.
 When the dragon wounds Beowulf fatally, Wiglaf slays it.
Grendel's Cave is a real-time browser-based role-playing video game and MUD.
 Grendel Enterprises publishes and runs it exclusively on the Internet.
 The basis for "Grendel’s Cave" is Anglo-Saxon mythology and Beowulf, and it is set in the historical medieval period.
 Scholars consider it an artistic depiction of Grendel and the poem, Beowulf, as well as a modern adaptation and a derivative work of the epic.
 It has been online since 1998.
 Educational websites use "Grendel's Cave" as an Internet learning aid for medieval literature and they considered it an online Beowulf resource.
Grendel's mother (Old English: "Grendles mōðor" ) is one of three antagonists in the anonymous Old English poem "Beowulf" (c. 700–1000 AD).
 The other antagonists are Grendel and the dragon, all aligned in opposition to the hero Beowulf.
 She is introduced in lines 1258b to 1259a as: "Grendles modor/ides, aglæcwif."
Marla Olmstead (born 2000 in Binghamton, New York) is a painter of abstract art who by the age of four had attracted international media attention for her work.
 Abstract artworks purportedly painted by her have been as large as five feet (1.52 m) square and have sold for tens of thousands of US dollars.
 A 2005 "60 Minutes II" story on Olmstead that first brought her publicity led to speculation that the works supposedly created by Marla were in fact created in collaboration with her father, which was further examined in the 2007 documentary on her, "My Kid Could Paint That".
In the Anglo-Saxon epic Beowulf, Æschere is Hrothgar's most trusted advisor who is killed by Grendel's mother in her attack on Heorot after Grendel's death.
 His name is composed of the Germanic elements Æsc, meaning 'ash', and here, meaning 'army'.
 King Hrothgar describes Æschere as 'min runwita ond min rædbora' (1325), which implies that he knows mysteries or enigmas and also has a duty to explain those mysteries aloud to a community.
 But by killing and decapitating Æschere, Grendel's mother highlights an anxiety within the poem about things that defy human interpretation.
 Beowulf and his Geatish warriors find Æschere's severed head at the entrance to Grendel's mother's lair.
My Kid Could Paint That is a 2007 documentary film by director Amir Bar-Lev.
 The movie follows the early artistic career of Marla Olmstead, a young girl from Binghamton, New York who gains fame first as a child prodigy painter of abstract art, and then becomes the subject of controversy concerning whether she truly completed the paintings herself or did so with her parents' assistance and/or direction.
 The film was bought by Sony Pictures Classics in 2007 after premiering at the Sundance Film Festival.
Wrath of Gods is a 2006 documentary film directed by Jon Gustafsson.
 It tells the story of the dramatic circumstances Canadian director Sturla Gunnarsson and his crew had to go through during the making of the film "Beowulf & Grendel".
 The main focus of the documentary is on director Sturla Gunnarsson, but other participants are Gerard Butler, Paul Stephens, Eric Jordan, Stellan Skarsgård, Peder Pedrero, Wendy Ord and Sarah Polley.
 The director of "Wrath of Gods", Jon Gustafsson, was hired to play one of Beowulf's warriors and he is credited in "Beowulf & Grendel" as Geat Warrior #2, Gerard Butler and Martin Delaney co-produced the film.
 The music was composed by Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson.
Beowulf & Grendel is a 2005 film Canadian-Icelandic fantasy adventure film directed by Sturla Gunnarsson, loosely based on the Anglo-Saxon epic poem "Beowulf".
 It stars Gerard Butler as Beowulf, Stellan Skarsgård as Hrothgar, Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson as Grendel and Sarah Polley as the witch Selma.
 The screenplay was written by Andrew Rai Berzins.
 The soundtrack was composed by Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson.
 While some of the film remains true to the original poem, other plot elements deviate from the original poem: three new characters, Grendel's father, the witch Selma, and Grendel's son are introduced, and several related plot points were developed specifically for the film.
This list of artistic depictions of Grendel's mother (Old English: Grendles modor) refers to the figure of Grendel's mother.
 She is one of three antagonists (along with Grendel and the dragon) in the Anglo-Saxon epic poem "Beowulf" (c. 700 – 1000 AD); she is never given a name in the text.
