The Qingdao–Xinhe Expressway (), commonly referred to as the "Qingxin Expressway" (), is a 109.08 km located in the sub-provincial city of Qingdao, in the province of Shandong.
 It is part of China's National Trunk Highway System and designated G2011.
 It connects Chengyang District with the county-level cities of Jimo and Pingdu.
 It is a spur of G20 Qingdao–Yinchuan Expressway.
Ganzhou Huangjin Airport (IATA: KOW, ICAO: ZSGZ) is an airport serving the city of Ganzhou in Jiangxi Province, China.
 The airport is located in the town of Fenggang in Nankang District of Ganzhou.
 It is 16 kilometers from the city center of Ganzhou.
Wangcun () is a town in the eastern jurisdiction of Jimo City in eastern Shandong province, China, located about 39 km east-northeast of downtown Jimo.
 , it has 35 villages under its administration.
Ganzhou Huangjin Airport (former) () was the old airport serving the city of Ganzhou in Jiangxi Province, China.
 The airport was located in Shuinan New Area in Zhanggong District.
 It was named after the nearby village of Huangjin.
 Originally built in 1936, it was one of the first civil airports in China, but was closed in March 2008 when all services were transferred to the new airport, also named Ganzhou Huangjin Airport.
Zhanggong District () is the administrative center of the prefecture-level city of Ganzhou in Jiangxi Province, China.
 The oldest part of Ganzhou's ancient sewage system named Fushou Gou (福寿沟, literally ""Happiness and Longevity Ditch""), which was built during the eleventh century AD and still in use today, is located in Zhanggong District.
Zhangye West Railway Station () is a railway station located in China's Gansu Province, Zhangye City, Ganzhou District.
 It was put into operation on December 26, 2014.
 It serves the Lanzhou–Xinjiang High-Speed Railway with High Speed services between Lanzhou and Urumqi and conventional services connecting Urumqi to various cities in Eastern and South Western China.
 It is the second railway station serving Zhangye, with Zhangye Railway Station which serves the conventional LanXin Railway.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ganzhou/Kanchow (Latin: "Canceuven(sis)" , ) is a diocese located in the city of Ganzhou in the Ecclesiastical province of Nanchang in China.
The Bajing Pavilion (Bajing Tai, 八境台 Bājìng Tái) in Ganzhou, Jiangxi province, China is a three-level pavilion located on the northeast corner of the Ganzhou city wall.
 Zhang River and Gong River join at a confluence as Gan River at its base.
Ganzhou District, formerly the separate city of Ganzhou or Kanchow, is a district in and the seat of the prefecture-level city of Zhangye in Gansu Province in the People's Republic of China.
 Ganzhou was formerly an important outpost in western China and, along with Suzhou (now the central district of Jiuquan), it is the namesake of the province.
 As a settlement, it is now known as Zhangye after the prefecture it heads.
Wenquan () is a town of Jimo City in eastern Shandong province, China, located about 20 km east of Jimo's city centre and more than twice that distance northeast of Qingdao.
 , it has 28 villages under its administration.
