Mary Poppins is a 1964 American musical-fantasy film directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Walt Disney, with songs written and composed by the Sherman Brothers.
 The screenplay is by Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi, loosely based on P. L. Travers' book series "Mary Poppins".
 The film, which combines live-action and animation, stars Julie Andrews in the role of Mary Poppins who visits a dysfunctional family in London and employs her unique brand of lifestyle to improve the family's dynamic.
 Dick Van Dyke, David Tomlinson, and Glynis Johns are featured in supporting roles.
 The film was shot entirely at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California using painted London background scenes.
"Mary Poppins" is a song from the 2015 stage musical "Love Birds" with music and lyrics by Robert J. Sherman.
 It is sung by "The Original Quack Pack", a penguin barbershop quartet who resemble the penguins from the 1964 Walt Disney motion picture, "Mary Poppins".
 In dialogue leading up to the song, the penguins explain that while they did know the same nanny, (Mary Poppins) they are not the same penguins as in the movie.
 The song expresses their longing for the magical nanny of literary fame.
"My Kind of Town" or "My Kind of Town (Chicago Is)" is a popular song composed by Jimmy Van Heusen, with lyrics by Sammy Cahn.
 It was originally part of the musical score for "Robin and the 7 Hoods", a 1964 musical film starring several members of the Rat Pack.
 It was nominated for the 1964 Academy Award for Best Original Song but lost to "Chim Chim Cher-ee" from "Mary Poppins".
 Although the song predated the Grammy Award Best Original Song for a Motion Picture category, the entire score was nominated for the 1964 Grammy Award in the category Best Original Score Written for A Motion Picture, but it lost to the eponymously titled "Mary Poppins" score.
"Chim Chim Cher-ee" is a song from "Mary Poppins", the 1964 musical motion picture.
 It was originally sung by Dick Van Dyke and Julie Andrews, and also is featured in the Cameron Mackintosh/Disney "Mary Poppins" musical.
 The song can be heard in the "Mary Poppins" scene of The Great Movie Ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios and during the "Mary Poppins" segment of "" at Disneyland.
Mary Poppins Returns (also known as Mary Poppins 2) is an upcoming American musical fantasy film directed by Rob Marshall and written by David Magee.
 It is the sequel to the 1964 film "Mary Poppins".
 The film stars Emily Blunt, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ben Whishaw, Emily Mortimer, Pixie Davies, Joel Dawson, Nathanael Saleh, Julie Walters, Colin Firth, Dick Van Dyke and Meryl Streep.
 Set 25 years after the 1964 film, it will feature Mary Poppins, the former nanny of Jane and Michael Banks, re-visiting them after a family tragedy.
 The film is scheduled for release on December 25, 2018, giving it one of the longest gaps between film sequels in history.
Mary Poppins Opens the Door is a British children's fantasy novel by the Australian-British writer P.L. Travers, the third book and last novel in the "Mary Poppins" series that features the magical English nanny Mary Poppins.
 It was published in 1943 by Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc and illustrated by Mary Shepard and Agnes Sims.
"I Love to Laugh", also called "We Love to Laugh", is a song from Walt Disney's film "Mary Poppins".
 It was composed by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
 The song is sung in the film by "Uncle Albert" (Ed Wynn), and "Bert" (Dick Van Dyke) as they levitate uncontrollably toward the ceiling, eventually joined by Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews) herself.
 The premise of the scene, that laughter and happiness cause Uncle Albert (and like-minded visitors) to float into the air, can be seen as a metaphor for the way laughter can "lighten" a mood.
 (Compare Peter Pan's flight power, which is also powered by happy thoughts.)
 Conversely, thinking of something sad literally brings Albert and his visitors "down to earth" again.
 The song states a case strongly in favor of laughter, even if Mary Poppins appears to disapprove of Uncle Albert's behavior, especially since it not only complicates the task of getting Albert down, but the infectious mood sends Bert and the Banks children into the air as well.
"A Man Has Dreams" is a song from Walt Disney's film "Mary Poppins", written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
 The song melody is a slowed down version of "The Life I Lead" which serves as Banks's leitmotif as he was fired.
 In both the motion picture and the stage musical, the song is performed as a conversational duet between Bert, the chimney sweep (Dick Van Dyke) and George Banks (David Tomlinson).
 It is operatic in nature, sung dialogue, and was highly unusual for a musical film of that era.
 The song incorporates a reprise of "A Spoonful of Sugar" which is Mary Poppins's leitmotif.
"Step In Time" is a song and dance number from Walt Disney's 1964 film "Mary Poppins", and it is composed by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
 The choreography for this song was provided by Marc Breaux and Dee Dee Wood.
 It is sung by Bert, the chimney sweep (Dick Van Dyke) and the other chimney sweeps on the rooftops of London.
 In the first part of the song, the lines he says in the verses are "Kick your knees up", "'Round the chimney", "Flap like a birdie", "Up on the railing", "Over the rooftops" and "Link your elbows" followed by an interlude.
 The interlude continues with Bert, Mary Poppins, Michael, Jane and all the chimney sweepers dancing around the rooftops and as Admiral Boom looks at them with the telescope, he thinks that they're Hottentots, so he orders Mr. Binnacle to make them scram with colorful fireworks.
 In the second part, as all the chimney sweepers get in the house of George Banks, Mrs. Brill walks into the living room looking at them and screams, "They're at it again!"
 and she runs away trying to strike one of the chimney sweepers with a frying pan.
 As Jane, Michael, Mary Poppins and Bert get in the same place, Ellen runs around the dining room with an "OW!"
 and the chimney sweepers flip her.
 The other phrases in the rest of the musical number are "Votes for women," "It's the master," and "What's all this?"
Mary Poppins, Goodbye (Russian: Мэри Поппинс, до свидания!
 ; translit.
 "Meri Poppins, do svidaniya") is a Soviet 1983 two-part musical miniseries (part 1 "Lady Perfection", part 2 "Week ends on Wednesday"), directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze.
 It is loosely based on Mary Poppins stories by P. L. Travers.
 The TV series were ordered by the Gosteleradio of USSR and produced by Mosfilm.
 The official television premiere was on January 8, 1984.
