The Hôtel de Rambouillet was the Paris residence of Catherine de Vivonne, marquise de Rambouillet, "Madame de Rambouillet", who ran a renowned literary salon there from 1620 until 1648.
 Formerly the Hôtel de Pisani, it was situated in the "rue Saint-Thomas-du-Louvre", in a former quarter of Paris (demolished at the beginning of the 19th century) between the Louvre and Tuileries palaces, near the then much smaller "Place du Carrousel", in the area of what was to become the "Pavillon Turgot" of the Louvre Museum.
 (This Hôtel de Rambouillet, formerly Hôtel de Pisani, should not be confused with the one by same name situated on "Rue Saint-Honoré", which belonged to the d'Angennes family who sold it in December 1602, and on which site Cardinal Richelieu began building his Palais-Cardinal in 1624.)
The Alpine Botanical Garden “Saussurea” (Italian: "Giardino Botanico Alpino Saussurea" , French: "Jardin botanique alpin Saussurea" ) (7000 m²) is an alpine botanical garden located at Pavillon du Mont Fréty, first station for the Skyway Monte Bianco cable car, in Courmayeur, Aosta Valley, Italy.
 It describes itself as Europe's highest botanical garden, at 2173 metres above sea level, and is open daily in the warmer months.
Hector-Martin Lefuel (Versailles, 14 November 1810 – Paris, 31 December 1880) was a French architect, best known for the completion of the Palais du Louvre, including the reconstruction of the Pavillon de Flore after a disastrous fire.
Ratnadeep Gopal Adivrerkar (born 13 November 1974 in Mumbai) is a contemporary artist from India.
 He has had several important solo exhibitions including one at NUS Museum, Singapore, Galerie Sylvia Bernhardt, Germany and Pavillon du Centanarie/Arcelor Mittal, Luxembourg.
 In 2013, Ratnadeep exhibited at the prestigious Deutsche Oper Berlin a series of works titled 'The Golden Ear- A Tribute to Wagner', based on German Composer Richard Wagner and mainly his epic opera "Der Ring des Nibelungen" (Ring of Nibelungs).
 The work revolves around Ratnadeep's philosophical interpretation with connection to especially to Indo-Global mythological context with contemporary times.
 He has participated in many group exhibitions like Pictures of Asia, Larasati, Singapore, 'Indian contemporary art', Chelsea Art College, UK, Uneo Royal Museum, Japan, Ao~rta Project, BBK Kunst Forum, Düsseldorf and Ausstellungshalle Innenhafen, Duisburg, Germany.
 He has received a number of awards and scholarships.
 Ratnadeep lives and works in Mumbai, India and Berlin, Germany.
The Pavillon de l’Horloge (French, "Clock Pavilion"), also known as the Pavillon Sully, is a prominent pavilion located in the center of the west wing of the Cour Carrée (Square Court) of the Palais du Louvre in Paris.
 The two names Pavillon de l'Horloge and Pavillon Sully are now often reserved for the central pavilion's eastern and western faces, respectively.
Southern Schleswig (German: "Südschleswig" or "Landesteil Schleswig ", Danish: "Sydslesvig" ) is the southern half of the former Duchy of Schleswig in Germany on the Jutland Peninsula.
 The geographical area today covers the large area between the Eider river in the south and the Flensburg Fjord in the north, where it borders Denmark.
 Northern Schleswig, congruent with the former South Jutland County.
 The area belonged to the Crown of Denmark until the Prussians and Austrian declared war on Denmark in 1864.
 Denmark wanted to give away the German speaking Holsten and set the new border at the small river Ejderen.
 This was a reason for war, did Prussian chancellor Otto von Bismarck conclude, and even proclaimed it as a "holy war".
 The German chancellor also turned himself to the Emperor of Austria, Franz Joseph I of Austria for help.
 A similar war in 1848 had got all wrong for the Prussians.
 With help of both the Austrians and the Danish born General Moltke was the Danish army destroyed or forced to make disordered retreat.
 And the Prussian - Danish border was moved from the Elbe up in Jutland to the creek "Kongeåen ".
The Pavilion du Butard is a hunting lodge in the Forêt de Fausses-Reposes in the territory of La Celle-Saint-Cloud in Yvelines, France.
 Part of the gardens of Versailles, it was designed by Ange-Jacques Gabriel for Louis XV and built between 1750 and 1754.
 It was made state property on 27 June 1794 by François-Nicolas Périgon, notary at Paris, during the French Revolution.
 On 23 April 1802 it became the property of empress Joséphine de Beauharnais, who wished to merge it with her Malmaison estate, but it returned to being state property on her divorce from Napoleon in 1809.
 It was later also enjoyed by Charles X of France and emperor Napoleon III of France.
 It was occupied by the Prussians during the Franco-Prussian War.
 Still state property, it was made a monument historique on 29 August 1927.
The Battle of Kaiserslautern (23 May 1794) saw an army from the Kingdom of Prussia and Electoral Saxony led by Wichard Joachim Heinrich von Möllendorf fall upon a single French Republican division under Jean-Jacques Ambert from the "Army of the Moselle".
 The Prussians tried to surround their outnumbered adversaries but most of the French evaded capture.
 Nevertheless, Möllendorf's troops inflicted casualties on the French in the ratio of nine-to-one and occupied Kaiserslautern.
 While the Prussians won this triumph on an unimportant front, the French armies soon began winning decisive victories in Belgium and the Netherlands.
 The battle occurred during the War of the First Coalition, part of the French Revolutionary Wars.
 In 1794 Kaiserslautern was part of the Electoral Palatinate but today the city is located in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany about 67 km west of Mannheim.
Jean-François Du Cheyron, chevalier du Pavillon (29 September 1730 – 12 April 1782) was a French naval tactician and "Capitaine du vaisseau", hero of the American Revolutionary War.
 He is considered one of the principal creators of naval communications before the era of radio.
 Commanding the ship "Triomphant" he was killed at the Battle of the Saintes after being hit by a cannonball.
The Battle of Chotusitz, or Chotusice, sometimes called the Battle of Czaslau, was fought on May 17, 1742, in Bohemia between the Austrians under Prince Charles Alexander of Lorraine and the Prussians under Frederick the Great.
 The battle was a part of the War of the Austrian Succession, sometimes referred to as the First Silesian War.
 The armies were about equal at 28,000 to 30,000 each, with the Prussians having about 2,000 more infantry and the Austrians some 2,000 more cavalry.
 The Austrians were attempting to retake occupied Prague and the Prussians were trying to block them from accomplishing that.
 The battle of Chotusitz was especially notable in that it was the only major battle started by the Austrians during this war.
