IDW Publishing is an American publisher of comic books, graphic novels, art books and comic strip collections.
 The company was founded as the publishing division of Idea and Design Works, LLC (IDW) and is regularly recognized as the fifth-largest comic book publisher in the United States.
 The company is perhaps best known for its licensed comic book adaptations of movies and cartoons.
The MSZ-010 ΖΖ Gundam (pronounced "Double Zeta" (ダブルゼータ , Daburu Zēta ) ), designed by Makoto Kobayashi, is a fictional weapon from the Universal Century timeline of the anime Gundam metaseries.
 Its popularity has led to many variations, upgrades, redesigns and influenced later design works such as S Gundam.
 It is named after the third of the Gundam series Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ, sequel to Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam and is presented in the middle of the story as a new weapon of the protagonist Judau Ashta replacing the battle-worn Zeta Gundam.
 First portrayed as a multipurpose fighting machine, later variations such as the FAZZ (a test production unit) was portrayed as a less-mobile, long-range fire-support unit.
 The unit has also appeared in many of the "Super Robot Wars" series, famous for featuring different giant robot mechas of different franchise together in one mixed story, from the first of the series to "Super Robot Wars Alpha 3", a total of 26 games excluding remakes.
 Inside the Gundam Franchise, it has been featured in the PS2 Game "Mobile Suit Gundam Z: AEUG vs. Titans" as a hidden unit not being able to purchase in the in-game shop until certain requirements are met.
 It is also one of the featured units in the March 2007 release PS3/Xbox 360 game , a spinoff series of the Koei game Dynasty Warriors.
 It is also featured in Gundam Evolve 10.
 In the SD Gundam manga "Double Zeta Kun kokoniari"(ダブルゼ－タくんここにあリ, Little Double Zeta is here), Double ZZ Kun is the main character.
Kris Oprisko (born in Chester, Pennsylvania) is an author who worked for Wildstorm from 1995–1999, and was one of the four founders of Idea and Design Works, LLC/IDW Publishing, where he continues to work.
 He has written many books such as the original "Metal Gear Solid" series, Case Files, the "CSI" series, and more.
 Some of the books he's written feature the art of Gabriel Hernandez and Ashley Wood, and others.
 He also created the Cardcaptors and Wizard in Training CCGs for Upper Deck, as well as the innovative board game/card game/miniatures game "Gregory Horror Show" for the same company.
 He currently lives in southern Spain with his family.
The Octonauts is a British children's television series, produced by Silvergate Media for the BBC channel CBeebies.
 The series is animated in Ireland by Brown Bag Films but uses British voice actors.
 The TV series is based on American-Canadian children's books written by Vicki Wong and Michael C. Murphy of Meomi Design Inc.
Mitsuru Ishihara (石原満 , Ishihara Mitsuru ) is a Japanese animator and character designer affiliated with Xebec.
 Some of Ishihara's major character design works include the "Megaman NT Warrior" anime series, "D.I.C.E.", "Rin: Daughters of Mnemosyne", and "Tokyo ESP".
Meomi Design Inc is a Canadian/American design studio based in Vancouver and Los Angeles founded by Vicki Wong and Michael C. Murphy.
 Their works include the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics mascots Miga, Quatchi, Sumi and Mukmuk, and The Octonauts, a series of books which were made into a TV series for the BBC channel CBeebies by Brown Bag Films and subsequently broadcast internationally.
Rosita Espinosa is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Christian Serratos in the American television series of the same name.
 She accompanies Eugene Porter and Abraham Ford on a mission to Washington, D.C. In the comic book series, she joins Rick Grimes' group after they leave Hershel Greene's farm and go to DC.
 Eventually Eugene is revealed to have lied but they continue onto Washington anyway, since he was still convinced the city would offer greater chance of survival, and they eventually find the Alexandria Safe-Zone.
 Though she and Abraham continue their relationship she eventually breaks up with him when he cheats on her with Holly and moves in with Eugene, eventually starting a relationship with him, but forgives Abraham after he is killed by Dwight.
 Rosita also takes part in the war against the Saviors led by Negan it's conclusion of which sees the 4 communities uniting forces.
 Two years later Rosita and Eugene are married but their relationship is strained.
 Rosita is revealed to be pregnant, but Eugene is not the father.
 She is ultimately killed by Alpha, leader of the Whisperers, along with 11 other key members of all 4 communities.
Charles Phu (Traditional Chinese: 符傳禎; Russian: Чарльз Фу), is a London-based architectural designer and opera set designer.
 Countries and regions in which his design works are located include Europe, Russia, USA, China, India, Taiwan, and the Middle East.
 Phu is the founder and design director of the London-based design practice Office for Architectural Culture, as known as OAC.
 He is the creator of the CCK Presidential Memorial Library and Museum in Taipei, and the chief design architect of 'Okhta Centre', now known as Lakhta Centre, in Saint Petersburg.
Bruno Oldani (born 14 March 1936) is a Swiss designer.
 He was born in Zürich, and later settled in Norway.
 He was appointed assistant professor at the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry from 1988 to 1994.
 Among his design works are postage stamps for the 1994 Winter Olympics, and he has received prizes for book covers, album covers and skis.
 He was awarded the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award in 2006.
Gekidan Inu Curry (劇団イヌカレー , Gekidan Inu Karē , Theatrical Company Dog Curry) , stylized as gekidan INU CURRY, is an animation troupe composing of Doroinu (泥犬 , Muddy Dog ) and 2shiroinu.
 (2white Dog. )
 They are known for their production design works in the "Puella Magi Madoka Magica" series as well as creating the ending credits sequence for "Maria Holic" and "Usagi Drop".
