The 2008 Superbike World Championship was the twenty-first season of the Superbike World Championship.
 Corona Extra ceased to be the championship's title sponsor, as it had been since 1998.
 The electronics manufacturer HANNspree took over as the title sponsor in 2008 and this arrangement remained in place until 2010, with the championship officially known as the "HANNspree SBK Superbike World Championship".
The National Camogie League, known for sponsorship reasons as the Littlewoods Ireland Camogie Leagues, is the second most important competition in the Irish team sport of camogie, played exclusively by women.
 The competition is held in four divisions graded by ability.
The Junior International Quadrangular Tournament (most recently known as the Umbro Trophy for sponsorship reasons) is a football tournament held on an irregular basis between junior representative teams from Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and Scotland and the Isle of Man national team.
 Junior status does not refer to age, but to the status of the competing players, i.e. not senior.
 First held as the Guinness Cup in 1994, Guinness continued to sponsor the tournament until 2000.
 Statoil then acted as sponsors for three editions from 2001 until 2005.
 In 2008 Umbro became sponsors.
 Scotland are the tournament's most successful side having won six of the twelve editions.
The 2017 National Camogie League, known for sponsorship reasons as the Littlewoods Ireland Camogie Leagues, was played in spring 2017.
The 2013–14 Northern Ireland Football League Cup (known as the WASP Solutions League Cup in the final for sponsorship purposes) was the 28th edition of Northern Ireland's secondary football knock-out cup competition, and the first season under the control of the Northern Ireland Football League.
 It was contested by the 12 members of the NIFL Premiership and the 30 members of the NIFL Championship.
 The competition began on 13 August 2013 and ended on 25 January 2014 with the final.
 The competition was without a principal sponsor up until the final, as Irn Bru ended their sponsorship following the conclusion of the 2012–13 competition.
 WASP Solutions became the Cup's new sponsor in January 2014.
The CHL Canada/Russia Series is an annual six game exhibition ice hockey tournament held between a select team of Russian junior players and all-star teams representing the three leagues of the Canadian Hockey League.
 The event was first held in 2003 as the RE/MAX Canada-Russia Challenge, the ADT Canada-Russia Challenge from 2004 until 2008, and the Subway Super Series from 2009 until 2014.
 The 2015 series did not have a title sponsor.
 In 2016, CIBC picked up the naming rights for five years and renamed the event CIBC Canada-Russia Series while asking the fans to vote for a new name for the series for 2017.
The Bad Boy Mowers Gasparilla Bowl is an NCAA-sanctioned post-season college football bowl game that has been played annually at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida, since 2008.
 It was first known as the magicJack St. Petersburg Bowl, after corporate sponsor magicJack.
 When Beef O'Brady's became the sponsor in 2009, the official name was changed to the St. Petersburg Bowl Presented by Beef 'O' Brady's and in 2010, the game became known as the Beef 'O' Brady's Bowl.
 The restaurant stopped sponsoring the bowl in 2014.
 On June 18, 2014, it was announced that Bitcoin payment service provider BitPay would become the new sponsor of the game under a two-year deal, renamed the Bitcoin St. Petersburg Bowl.
 Bitcoin, the digital currency, will be accepted for ticket and concession sales at the game as part of the sponsorship, and the sponsorship itself was also paid for using bitcoin.
 On April 2, 2015, after one year of sponsorship, BitPay declined to renew sponsorship of the game.
 On August 23, 2017, Bad Boy Mowers signed a three-year deal to become the official title sponsor of the rebranded game
The 2003 National Leagues (known as the LHF National Leagues due to sponsor ship) are the second, third and fourth divisions of rugby league played in the UK.
Shop Direct is a multi - brand online retailer in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 It is based in the Speke area of the city of Liverpool, in Merseyside, England.
 Established in November 2005 as a result of the merger of the former Littlewoods and Shop Direct companies, the retailer was known as Littlewoods Shop Direct Group until a corporate rebranding to Shop Direct Group in May 2008.
 In 2013, the company rebranded to Shop Direct, dropping the 'group' from its name.
The National Hurling League is a league competition featuring amateur inter-county hurling teams from Ireland and England.
 Founded in 1925, it is regarded as the secondary inter-county hurling competition after the All-Ireland Championship.
 The National Hurling League has been associated with a title sponsor since 1985.
 As this sponsor has changed over the years the league too has been known by various names.
 After its title sponsors, the National Hurling League has formerly been known as the Ford National Hurling League, the Royal Liver National Hurling League and the Church & General National Hurling League.
 The competition is currently known as the Allianz Hurling League.
