He Knew He Was Right was a 2004 BBC TV adaptation of the Anthony Trollope novel "He Knew He Was Right".
 It was directed by Tom Vaughan from a screenplay by Andrew Davies and starred Oliver Dimsdale, Laura Fraser, and Bill Nighy.
 It was originally broadcast on the BBC in four hourly episodes.
Tom Vaughan (born 5 September 1969) is a Scottish television and film director.
 His work includes "Cold Feet" (1999) and "He Knew He Was Right" (2004) for television, and "What Happens in Vegas" (2008) and "Extraordinary Measures" (2010) for cinema.
Tom Vaughan (born in Stafford, on 4 August 1985) is an English television actor, best known for playing the part of Spike, a DJ and love interest of John Paul McQueen in British Channel 4 series "Hollyoaks" from March 2007 until August 2007.
What Happens in Vegas is a 2008 American comedy film directed by Tom Vaughan, written by Dana Fox and starring Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher.
 The title is based on the Las Vegas marketing catchphrase "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
Some Kind of Beautiful (Canadian title: How to Make Love Like an Englishman, UK title: Lessons in Love) is a 2014 comedy/romance film written by Matthew Newman and directed by Tom Vaughan.
 The film stars Pierce Brosnan, Jessica Alba and Salma Hayek.
 The movie is produced by Kevin Frakes and Richard Lewis.
Aztec Revenge (also known as Mil Mascaras: Aztec Revenge) is a 2015 American lucha libre film starring the legendary Mexican wrestler and film star Mil Máscaras.
 It continues a storyline from the popular 2008 film, Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy, and is the third of a trilogy of films that also includes Academy of Doom.
The second series of the British comedy-drama television series Cold Feet was first broadcast on the ITV network from 26 September to 31 October 1999.
 The six episodes were written by series creator Mike Bullen, produced by Christine Langan, and directed by Tom Hooper, Tom Vaughan and Pete Travis.
 The storylines focus on three couples: Adam Williams and Rachel Bradley, Pete and Jenny Gifford, and David and Karen Marsden who are played by James Nesbitt, Helen Baxendale, John Thomson, Fay Ripley, Robert Bathurst and Hermione Norris respectively.
So Undercover is a 2012 American action-comedy film directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Allan Loeb and Steven Pearl.
 Starring Miley Cyrus, Jeremy Piven, and Mike O'Malley, the film was released for the first time in the United Arab Emirates on December 6, 2012 and released direct-to-video in the United States on February 5, 2013.
 The film has been released in theatres of only 13 countries worldwide.
Starter for 10 is a 2006 British comedy-drama film directed by Tom Vaughan from a screenplay by David Nicholls, adapted from his own novel "Starter for Ten".
 The film stars James McAvoy as a university student who wins a place on a "University Challenge" quiz team.
 It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2006, and was released in the UK and Ireland on 10 November 2006, and in Canada and the US on 23 February 2007.
Playing House is a 2011 American direct-to-video thriller film directed by Tom Vaughan starring Shelley Calene-Black, Alex Dorman and Mari E. Ferguson in lead roles.
