The Kitsap County Transportation Company was an important steamboat and ferry company that operated on Puget Sound.
 The company was founded in 1898 as the Hansen Transportation Company.
The Fifth Avenue Transportation Company was a transportation company based in New York which was founded in 1885 and operated of horse-and-omninbus transit along Fifth Avenue, with a route running from 89th Street to Bleecker Street using horse-drawn omnibuses.
 Fifth Avenue was unusual in that its residents opposed the installation of railway track for streetcars and was the only avenue in Manhattan to never see streetcar service.
 The company was declared bankrupt of the earlier operator in 1896, and was succeeded by the Fifth Avenue Coach Company
The Marquette Transportation Company is a marine transportation company based in Paducah, Kentucky, United States.
Northern Transportation Company Limited (NTCL) is a marine transportation company in the Canadian and American Arctic owned by Norterra, a holding company that is owned by the Inuvialuit of the Northwest Territories.
 While primarily a marine freight hauler on Canadian rivers, like the Mackenzie and the Hay and along the Arctic coast of Canada, they are also a petroleum wholesaler.
 Its head office is now in the town of Hay River, Northwest Territories.
 Today, it primarily utilizes tugs and barges.
1160th Transportation Company (PLS) was constituted 1 September 2009 in the Georgia Army National Guard to be known as the 1160th Transportation Company (PLS).
 The 1160th TC (PLS) is a member of the 348th Brigade Support Battalion; 648th Maneuver Enhancement Brigade, The unit was organized on 3 June 2010 from new and existing elements, and is located in Rome, Georgia.
The Merchants Transportation Company was a shipping firm that operated on Puget Sound from 1905 to 1929.
 This company should not be confused with the similarly named Merchants Transportation Company of Olympia, formed in 1874 and a completely separate firm.
The Shaver Transportation Company is an inland water freight transportation company based in Portland, Oregon, United States.
 The company was founded in 1880 and played a major role in the development of freight transport in the Portland area and along the Columbia.
The Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority contains two major rapid transit lines; The Market–Frankford Line and the Broad Street Line, both of which were inherited from the former Philadelphia Transportation Company, and originally built by the Philadelphia Rapid Transit Company.
 Both lines are officially part of the City Transit Division.
 It also includes the Norristown High Speed Line (Route 100) an interurban commuter rail line between Norristown, Pennsylvania and Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, originally owned by the Philadelphia and Western Railroad, then acquired by the Philadelphia Suburban Transportation Company, which itself was originally the Philadelphia and West Chester Traction Company.
The North China Transportation Company (華北交通株式会社, Japanese: "Kahoku Kōtsū Kabushiki Kaisha", Chinese: "Huáběi Jiāotōng Zhūshì Huìshè") was a transportation company in the territory of the collaborationist Provisional Government of the Republic of China during the Japanese occupation.
The New York Transportation Company (originally New York Electrical Vehicle Transportation Company) was a company incorporated in New Jersey in 1899 as the 'New York Electrical Vehicle Transportation Company' which changed its name to the "New York Transportation Company" in 1902 and was wound up in 1936.
 From 1922 it was controlled by the 'Fifth Avenue Bus Securities Corporation' which was incorporated in Delaware in 1922 which was controlled by The Omnibus Corporation also incorporated in Delaware.
