Golden Boy (Japanese: ゴールデンボーイ , Hepburn: Gōruden Bōi ) is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuya Egawa about a 25-year-old freeter, pervert, and "travelling student" named Kintaro Oe (大江 錦太郎 , Ōe Kintarō ) .
 The manga was originally serialized in Shueisha's "Super Jump" starting in 1992, with the first collected volume released the following year.
 Parts of the manga were adapted into a six episode OVA series produced by Shueisha and KSS in 1995, which was subsequently released through ADV Films in North America in December 1996.
 ADV's license of the series expired in 2007, however, and in November 2007, Media Blasters acquired the license to it.
 Media Blasters has confirmed that the dub produced by ADV was kept.
 In 2012, Media Blasters lost the license to Golden Boy and the license was acquired by Discotek Media.
Shadow Star (Japanese: Narutaru (なるたる ) ) is a Japanese manga series created by Mohiro Kitoh, originally serialized in Kodansha's seinen magazine "Afternoon".
 In the United States, it was licensed by Dark Horse and serialized in "Super Manga Blast!
".
Stray Little Devil (ストレイ リトル デビル , Sutorei Ritoru Debiru ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kotaro Mori.
 The manga was originally serialized in Dengeki Comic Gao!
, and was later published into five bound volumes by MediaWorks from January 2005 to March 2007.
 DrMaster Publications Inc. licensed the manga series for English-language publication in North America and released the five volumes between June 2006 and November 2007.
 The story is a comedic fantasy, detailing the life of a girl named Pam Akumachi, who is unintentionally drawn into the "Spirit World".
 Her only hope of returning home is a mysterious individual named Remy, who promises to tell Pam the way back if she becomes a full-fledged devil by passing through the devils' educational system.
Toward the Terra (Japanese: <ruby><rb>地球</rb><rp>(</rp><rt>テラ</rt><rp>)</rp></ruby>へ… , Hepburn: Tera e..
. )
 is a Japanese science fiction manga series by Keiko Takemiya.
 It was originally serialized in Asahi Sonorama's "Gekkan Manga Shōnen" magazine, between January 1977 and May 1980.
 In 1978, it won the very first Seiun Award for manga, and in 1980 also won the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen/shōjo manga (along with Takemiya's "Kaze to Ki no Uta").
Menacing Dog's (Japanese: キョウハクDOG's , Hepburn: Kyōhaku Dog's ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shaa, the same illustrator of the "Nogizaka Haruka no Himitsu" light novel series.
 The manga was originally serialized in MediaWorks' "Dengeki Teioh" magazine, but after the magazine became defunct, it began serialization in "Dengeki G's Festival!
 Comic", renamed Menacing Dog's: Another Secret (キョウハクDOG's -Another Secret- , Kyōhaku Dog's -Another Secret- ) .
 The manga was serialized in the two magazines between the November 2005 and January 2012 issues.
 A total of four "tankōbon" volumes were published under the Dengeki Comics imprint.
 Infinity Studios licensed "Menacing Dog's" in North America, and "Menacing Dog's: Another Secret"'s chapters are digitally serialized in English on Kadokawa's Comic Walker website.
Touch (Japanese: タッチ , Hepburn: Tatchi ) is a Japanese high school baseball manga by Mitsuru Adachi.
 It was originally serialized in the weekly manga magazine "Shōnen Sunday" from 1981–1986, and sold over 100 million copies, making it one of the best-selling manga series.
 The manga was also adapted into a 101-episode anime television series – which was one of the highest-rated anime television series ever, three theatrical anime movies which summarized the TV series, two anime television specials which take place after the events in the TV series, a live-action TV drama special, and a live-action movie released in 2005.
 "Touch" was one of the winners of the 1983 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen or shōjo manga, along with Adachi's "Miyuki".
Nono-chan (ののちゃん ) is a yonkoma manga series begun in 1991 by Hisaichi Ishii originally serialized as My Neighbors the Yamadas (となりのやまだ君 , Tonari no Yamada-kun ) in the "Asahi Shimbun" in Japan.
 When the series first began, it was generally focused on all of the members of the Yamada family.
 As the series progressed, the daughter (Nonoko, or "Nono-chan") became the most popular character among readers and more of the strips focused on her and her point of view.
 In 1997, the series title was changed to reflect this change of focus.
 The "Asahi Shimbun" continues to feature this manga series as of October 2007.
Shadow Star, known in Japan as Narutaru (Japanese: なるたる ) , is a Japanese manga series created by Mohiro Kitoh, originally serialized in Kodansha's seinen magazine "Afternoon".
 The Japanese name is an abbreviation of "Mukuro Naru Hoshi, Tama Taru Ko" (骸なる星 珠たる子 ) , which roughly translates to "Corpse of a Star; A Precious Child".
 In the United States, it was licensed by Dark Horse and serialized in "Super Manga Blast!
".
Tonde Burin (とんでぶーりん , Tonde Būrin ) is a Superhero magical girl manga series created by Taeko Ikeda.
 It is originally serialized in Shogakukan's Shōjo magazine "Ciao" from August 1994 to September 1995, collecting into 3 Tankobon Volumes.
 An anime series based on the manga was created by Nippon Animation and was broadcast on all MBS stations in Japan from September 3, 1994 through August 26, 1995.
Chirality (キラリティー , Kiraritī ) is a 4-volume yuri manga series written and illustrated by author Satoshi Urushihara.
 The manga was originally serialized in "Comic NORA" in 1995, and later published in three bound volumes, which was re-released into two bound volumes in 2003.
 In 1997 "Chirality" was licensed for released in North America by Central Park Media.
 It was originally published as 18 issues between March 1997 and August 1998, as well as being released into four bound volumes from 1997 to 2000.
 The art was also flipped so that it would read left to right which was not an uncommon practice for manga released in Western Hemisphere at the time.
