Great Catherine: Whom Glory Still Adores is a 1913 one-act play by Irish dramatist George Bernard Shaw.
 It was written between two of his other 1913 plays, "Pygmalion" and "The Music Cure".
 It tells the story of a prim British visitor to the court of the sexually uninhibited Catherine the Great of Russia.
Philadelphia, Here I Come!
 is a 1964 play by Irish dramatist Brian Friel.
 Set in the fictional town of Ballybeg, County Donegal, the play launched Friel onto the international stage.
The Devil's Disciple is an 1897 play written by Irish dramatist George Bernard Shaw.
 The play is Shaw's eighth, and after Richard Mansfield's original 1897 American production it was his first financial success, which helped to affirm his career as a playwright.
 It was published in Shaw's 1901 collection "Three Plays for Puritans" together with "Captain Brassbound's Conversion" and "Caesar and Cleopatra".
 Set in Colonial America during the Revolutionary era, the play tells the story of Richard Dudgeon, a local outcast and self-proclaimed "Devil's disciple".
 In a twist characteristic of Shaw's love of paradox, Dudgeon sacrifices himself in a Christ-like gesture despite his professed Infernal allegiance.
Thomas Cornelius Murray (17 January 1873 – 7 March 1959) was an Irish dramatist who was closely associated with the Abbey Theatre.
 He was born in Macroom, County Cork, and educated at St Patrick's Teacher Training College in Drumcondra, Dublin.
 He worked as a schoolteacher and in 1900 was appointed headmaster of the national school in Rathduff, Co.
 Cork.
 His first play, "The Wheel of Fortune", was produced by the Little Theatre in Cork in 1909.
 It was revised and renamed "Sovereign Love" in 1913.
 Murray had co-founded the theatre with Daniel Corkery, Con O'Leary and Terence McSwiney.
 In 1915, he moved to Dublin as headmaster of the Model Schools at Inchicore, where he remained until his retirement from teaching in 1932.
Señora Carrar's Rifles (German: "Die Gewehre der Frau Carrar" ) is a one-act play by the twentieth-century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht, written in collaboration with Margarete Steffin.
 It is a modern version of the Irish dramatist John Millington Synge's play "Riders to the Sea" (1904).
 The play's setting is re-located to Spain during the height of the Civil War.
 Teresa Carrar, the mother, wants to protect her children but ends up fighting on the side of the oppressed.
 Brecht wrote it in 1937 and it received its first theatrical production in the same year, opening in Paris on 16 October.
 This production was directed by Slatan Dudow and Helene Weigel played Señora Carrar.
Cock-a-Doodle Dandy is a 1949 play by Irish dramatist Seán O'Casey.
Isabella Augusta, Lady Gregory ("née" Persse; 15 March 1852 – 22 May 1932) was an Irish dramatist, folklorist and theatre manager.
 With William Butler Yeats and Edward Martyn, she co-founded the Irish Literary Theatre and the Abbey Theatre, and wrote numerous short works for both companies.
 Lady Gregory produced a number of books of retellings of stories taken from Irish mythology.
 Born into a class that identified closely with British rule, she turned against it.
 Her conversion to cultural nationalism, as evidenced by her writings, was emblematic of many of the political struggles to occur in Ireland during her lifetime.
Seán O'Casey ( ; Irish: "Seán Ó Cathasaigh" , ] ; born John Casey, 30 March 1880 – 18 September 1964) was an Irish dramatist and memoirist.
 A committed socialist, he was the first Irish playwright of note to write about the Dublin working classes.
Brian Patrick Friel (9 January 1929 – 2 October 2015) was an Irish dramatist, short story writer and founder of the Field Day Theatre Company.
 He had been considered one of the greatest living English-language dramatists.
 He has been likened to an "Irish Chekhov" and described as "the universally accented voice of Ireland".
 His plays have been compared favourably to those of contemporaries such as Samuel Beckett, Arthur Miller, Harold Pinter and Tennessee Williams.
Someone Who'll Watch over Me is a play written by Irish dramatist Frank McGuinness.
 The play focuses on the trials and tribulations of an Irishman, an Englishman and an American (Edward, Michael, and Adam) who are kidnapped and held hostage by unseen Arabs in Lebanon.
 As the three men strive for survival they also strive to overcome their personal and nationalistic differences.
 Related to this is each individual's own attempt to maintain sanity under the watchful eye of both captors and supposed comrades.
 At times the dramatic dialogue reaches a level of Beckettian absurdity, as even the audience is unable to draw a distinction between the characters' insanity and humour.
 We are made witness and accomplice to a humour based on something apparently ghastly, the loss of rationality.
