Welcome Home (Spanish: "Bienvenido a Casa" ) is a 2006 film written and directed by Spanish director David Trueba, about a young Madrid journalist named Samuel and his girlfriend Eva.
The Boston Beer Company is a brewer founded in 1984.
 Boston Beer Company's first brand of beer was named Samuel Adams (often shortened to Sam Adams) after Founding Father Samuel Adams, an American revolutionary patriot.
 The company launched Angry Orchard brand hard ciders in 2012.
German chocolate cake, originally German's chocolate cake, is a layered chocolate cake from the United States filled and topped with a coconut-pecan frosting.
 It owes its name to an English-American chocolate maker named Samuel German, who developed a formulation of dark baking chocolate that came to be used in the cake recipe.
 Sweet baking chocolate is traditionally used for the chocolate flavor in the actual cake, but few recipes call for it today.
 The filling and/or topping is a caramel made with egg yolks and evaporated milk; once the caramel is cooked, coconut and pecans are stirred in.
 Occasionally, a chocolate frosting is spread on the sides of the cake and piped around the circumference of the layers to hold in the filling.
 Maraschino cherries are occasionally added as a garnish.
The Samuel Gardner House is a historic colonial American house at 1035 Gardner's Neck Road in Swansea, Massachusetts.
 This 1-1/2 story wood frame gambrel-roofed house was built c. 1768 by Samuel Gardner, whose father (also named Samuel) was the first English colonist to settle Gardner's Neck after its purchase from local Native Americans.
 It is a well-preserved 18th century farmhouse.
Woods Runner is a 2010 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen that takes place during the year 1776.
 It is about a 13-year-old boy named Samuel living during the Revolutionary War whose house is burnt down by British soldiers.
 When Samuel investigates the scene of devastation, he finds dead bodies, but none of the bodies were his parents.
 The parents were not killed because one of the officer wanted somebody to play with in chess.Samuel starts a journey to find his parents in New York but gets hit in the head with a tomahawk and with the help of rebels is healed.
 Before Samuel finds his parents and is able to save them with the help of a man named Abner he saves a little girl named Annie and takes her with him on his journey.
 Samuel's family then adopts Annie as their own daughter.
 The novel ends by saying that Samuel decided to go to war but returned home after a man who had helped him earlier died.
Sammy is a nickname, frequently for people named Samuel, and also an English spelling of the Arabic name Sami.
"Daredevil:Chinatown" is a five-issue "Daredevil" story arc under the All-New, All-Different Marvel title' which was Written by Charles Soule, with art by Ron Garney.
 This series was collected in late 2015 and ended mid 2016.
 The story is split into 5 issues detailing Daredevil's return to New York in a new mostly black costume after he had erased the knowledge of his secret identity from everyone on the planet and taking in a new apprentice named Samuel Chung who takes on the identity Blindspot, and their fight against a new enemy called Tenfingers.
The Inspector Wears Skirts () is a 1988 Hong Kong martial arts-action comedy produced by Jackie Chan, directed by Wellson Chin Sing-Wai and starring Sibelle Hu, Ellen Chan and Sandra Ng.
 In common with many other Hong Kong films "The Inspector Wears Skirts" moves from genre to genre.
 Technically it is an action film with a high level of kung fu fighting, but it is also a romantic comedy that relies on slap-stick.
Sarah Malinda Pritchard Blalock (March 10, 1839 or 1842, Avery County, North Carolina – March 9, 1901 or 1903, Watauga County, North Carolina) was a female soldier during the American Civil War.
 Despite originally being a sympathizer for the right of secession, she fought bravely on both sides.
 She followed her husband by joining the CSA's 26th North Carolina Regiment, disguising herself as a young male soldier named Samuel Blalock.
 The couple eventually escaped by crossing Confederate lines and joining the Union partisans in the mountains of western North Carolina.
 During the last years of the war, she was a pitiless pro-Union marauder, tormenting the Appalachia region.
 Today she's one of the most remembered female combatants of the Civil War.
Samuel Blair (June 14, 1712 – July 5, 1751) was one of the leaders of the Presbyterian New Light religious movement that swept the North American colonies as part of the First Great Awakening.
 In 1739, he founded a theology school, Faggs Manor Classical School, near his church in Faggs Manor, Pennsylvania.
 Blair's son, also named Samuel Blair was born in Faggs Manor, and became the second Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives.
 The church was rebuilt in 1846 and is now known simply as the Faggs Manor Presbyterian Church.
