Guadeloupe National Park (French: "Parc national de la Guadeloupe" ) is a national park in Guadeloupe, an overseas department of France located in the Leeward Islands of the eastern Caribbean region.
 The Grand Cul-de-Sac Marin Nature Reserve (French: "Réserve Naturelle du Grand Cul-de-Sac Marin") is a marine protected area adjacent to the park and administered in conjunction with it.
 Together, these protected areas comprise the Guadeloupe Archipelago (French: "l'Archipel de la Guadeloupe") biosphere reserve.
Céreste (Occitan: "Ceirèsta") is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
 It is known for its rich fossil beds in fine layers of "Calcaire de Campagne Calavon" limestone, which are now protected by the Parc naturel régional du Luberon and the Réserve naturelle géologique du Luberon.
Boophis xerophilus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family endemic to Madagascar, known only from Kirindy Forest in central-western Madagascar and Réserve Naturelle Privée de Berenty in extreme southeastern Madagascar; it may occur more widespread including between the two known locations.
Nature Reserve of Saint Bartholomew (Réserve Naturelle de Saint-Barthélemy) is a nature reserve of Saint Barthélemy (RNN 132), French West Indies, an overseas collectivity of France.
La Tortue ou l'Ecalle or Île Tortue is a small rocky islet off the northeastern coast of Saint Barthélemy in the Caribbean.
 Its highest point is 35 m above sea level.
 Referencing tortoises, it forms part of the Réserve naturelle nationale de Saint-Barthélemy with several of the other northern islets of St Barts.
Île Fourchue, also known as Île Fourche is an island between Saint-Barthélemy and Saint Martin, belonging to the Collectivity of Saint Barthélemy.
 The island is privately owned.
 The only inhabitants are some goats.
 The highest point is 103 meter above sea level.
 It is situated within Réserve naturelle nationale de Saint-Barthélemy.
La Désirade National Nature Reserve (French: "Réserve naturelle nationale de La Désirade" ) is a reserve in Désirade Island in Guadeloupe.
 Established under the Ministerial Decree No. 2011-853 of 19 July 2011 for its special geological features it has an area of 62 ha .
 The reserve represents the geological heritage of the Caribbean tectonic plate, with a wide spectrum of rock formations, the outcrops of volcanic activity being remnants of the sea level oscillations.
 It is one of thirty three geosites of Guadeloupe.
Réserve naturelle nationale des Hauts de Chartreuse
The Grand Cote National Wildlife Refuge (French: "Réserve Naturelle Faunique Nationale du Grand- Côte" ) was established in 1989 as part of the North American Waterfowl Management Plan.
 It is a 6000 acre reserve located in Avoyelles Parish, near Marksville, Louisiana, in the United States.
The Carrière des Nerviens Regional Nature Reserve (in French "Réserve naturelle régionale de la carrière des Nerviens") is a protected area in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of northern France.
 It was established on 25 May 2009 to protect a site containing rare plants and covers just over 3 ha .
 It is located in the municipalities of Bavay and Saint-Waast in the Nord department.
