Alvin Nathaniel Joiner (born September 18, 1974), better known by his stage name Xzibit (pronounced "exhibit"), is an American rapper, actor, television host, radio personality and record producer.
 He is known as the host of the MTV show "Pimp My Ride", which brought him mainstream success.
 Before hosting the show, he achieved fame in the West Coast hip-hop scene as a rapper, debuting with his acclaimed "At the Speed of Life" and gathering chart success with his follow-up albums "Restless", "Man vs. Machine" and "Weapons of Mass Destruction", working with high-profile artists such as Eminem, Cypress Hill, Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, Knoc-turn'al, Timbaland, Limp Bizkit, Alice Cooper, Game, 50 Cent and Within Temptation, as well as being one of the first rappers to work internationally, collaborating with overseas acts such as Russian rapper Timati, Raptile from Germany and Bliss N Eso from Australia.
Salomon Brothers was a Wall Street investment bank, known as a bulge bracket company.
 Founded in 1910 by three brothers (Arthur, Herbert and Percy) along with a clerk named Ben Levy, it remained a partnership until the early 1980s, when it was acquired by the commodity trading firm Phibro Corporation and became "Salomon Inc." Eventually, Salomon (NYSE:SB) was acquired by Travelers Group in 1998; and, following the latter's merger with Citicorp that same year, Salomon became part of Citigroup.
 Although the Salomon name carried on as Salomon Smith Barney, which were the investment banking operations of Citigroup, the name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.
Harold Ray Ragsdale (born January 24, 1939), known professionally as Ray Stevens, is an American country and pop singer-songwriter and comedian, known for his Grammy-winning recordings "Everything Is Beautiful" and "Misty", as well as comedic hits such as "Gitarzan" and "The Streak".
 He has worked as a producer, music arranger, songwriter, television host, and solo artist; been inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame, the Georgia Music Hall of Fame, and the Christian Music Hall of Fame; and received Gold Albums for his music sales.
The V.I.P.s were a British R&B musical ensemble formed in Carlisle, Cumberland, (North West England) in late 1963, out of an earlier outfit known as The Ramrods, who had formed in Carlisle in 1960.
 After a change of personnel in April 1967, the band changed their name to "Art", and released the album "Supernatural Fairy Tales".
 They also participated to a psychedelic bizarre album called "Featuring The Human Host And The Heavy Metal Kids" by a collective known as Hapshash and the Coloured Coat, formed by Guy Stevens and an influential British graphic design and avant-garde musical partnership between Michael English and Nigel Waymouth.
 The musicians involved in that project were Mike Harrison on keys and vocals, Luther Grosvenor on guitars, Greg Ridley on bass and Mike Kellie on drums, as well as performances by Stevens, English and Waymouth.
 It was the first time that the term "heavy metal" was ever used in music, even though that album had nothing to do with heavy metal music, being closer to psychedelic music.
 That album was published in 1967 on Liberty Records and contained only five songs from two minutes to more than 15 minutes of psychedelic and almost meditative state kind of music.
Vampirovibrio chorellavorus is a 0.6 µm pleomorphic cocci with a gram negative cell wall, and is one of the few known predatory bacteria.
 Unlike many bacteria, "Vampirovibrio chlorellavorus" is an obligate parasite, attaching to the cell wall of green algae of the genus "Chlorella".
 "Vampirovibrio" originates from the Hungarian words "vampir" meaning vampire (due to the nature of sucking out cellular contents of its prey) and "vibrio" referring to the bacterial genus of curved rod bacterium.
 "Chlorellavorus" is named for the host of the bacterium ("Chlorella)" and the Latin "voro" meaning "to devour" ("Chlorella"-devouring).
Orthodox Jewish feminism (also known as Orthodox feminism amongst Jews) is a movement in Orthodox Judaism which seeks to further the cause of a more egalitarian approach to Jewish practice within the bounds of Jewish Law.
 The major organizations of this movement is the Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance (JOFA) in North America, and Women of the Wall (WOW) and its affiliates in Israel and internationally, known as ICWOW - The International Committee for Women of the Wall.
 In Israel, the leading Orthodox feminist organization is Kolech (http://www.kolech.org.il), started by Dr. Hannah Kehat.
 Australia has one Orthodox partnership minyan, Shira Hadasha (http://www.shira.org.au), in Melbourne.
Fremont High School is an urban public high school located in the Fruitvale District of East Oakland, California, United States.
 It was formerly a group of smaller high schools located on the same campus and known as Fremont Federation of High Schools.
 The school's present configuration is that of the "wall to wall" career academies model, consisting of a 9th Grade House which feeds into one of three California Partnership Academies (CPA), specifically the Architecture Academy, Mandela Law & Public Service Academy, and Media Academy.
Montel Brian Anthony Williams (born July 3, 1956) is an American television personality, radio talk show host, and actor.
 He is best known as host of the long-running "The Montel Williams Show", and more recently as a spokesman for the Partnership for Prescription Assistance (PPA), Williams is also active with the nonprofit MS Foundation, which he founded after being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1999.
 Williams is also noted for his service in both the Marine Corps and the Navy, from which he was honorably discharged after 15 years of service.
Lysins, also known as endolysins or murein hydrolases, are hydrolytic enzymes produced by bacteriophages in order to cleave the host's cell wall during the final stage of the lytic cycle.
 Lysins are highly evolved enzymes that are able to target one of the five bonds in peptidoglycan (murein), the main component of bacterial cell walls, which allows the release of progeny virions from the lysed cell.
 Cell-wall-containing Archaea are also lysed by specialized pseudomurein-cleaving lysins, while most archaeal viruses employ alternate mechanisms.
 Similarly, not all bacteriophages synthesize lysins: some small single-stranded DNA and RNA phages produce membrane proteins that activate the host's autolytic mechanisms.
Donald Clark Paup (April 2, 1939 – August 7, 2012) was an American badminton player who won national and international titles from the mid-1960s to the early 1980s.
 Primarily a doubles specialist, he was known for his quick racket and tactical astuteness.
 He was ranked first in the U.S. men's doubles for twelve consecutive seasons (1965–1976); all but the last of these in a partnership with fellow left-hander Jim Poole that was consistently competitive at the world class level.
 Paup played on all U.S. Thomas Cup teams between 1963 and 1973.
 He was elected to the U.S. Badminton Hall of Fame, now called the Walk of Fame, in 1973.
