Helmuth Johann Ludwig von Moltke (] ; 23 May 1848 – 18 June 1916), also known as Moltke the Younger, was a nephew of "Generalfeldmarschall" (Field Marshal) Helmuth Karl Bernhard von Moltke and served as the Chief of the German General Staff from 1906 to 1914.
 The two are often differentiated as "Moltke the Elder" and "Moltke the Younger".
General Staff (Vietnamese: "Bộ Tổng tham mưu" ) is the commanding and managing organisation of the Vietnam People's Army, the paramilitary forces, militia and other activities relating to defence of Vietnam.
 The General Staff was established on 7 September 1945, right after the foundation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam, the first Chief of the General Staff was General Hoàng Văn Thái.
 During the Second Indochina War, Vietnam War, Cambodian-Vietnamese War, Sino-Vietnamese War and other skirmishes, the General Staff always had an essential role in organising, commanding the armed forces and planning, operating military campaigns for the Ministry of Defence and the Government of Vietnam.
 The current Chief of the General Staff is Senior Lieutenant General (AKA Colonel General) Phan Văn Giang who also holds the position of Deputy Minister of Defence.
Admirals Nunatak ( ) is a nunatak rising to 925 m on the upper Uranus Glacier, central Alexander Island, Antarctica.
 The name originates from dog teams named "The Admirals" that served at various British stations in Antarctica, 1952–94, and honors the loyal service of all Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey/BAS sled dogs.
 The nunatak appears to have some relation to Huns Nunatak which lies about 3.7 mi northeast of Admirals Nunatak.
Ludwig August Theodor Beck (29 June 1880 – 21 July 1944) was a German general and Chief of the German General Staff during the early years of the Nazi regime in Germany before World War II.
 Ludwig Beck was never a member of the Nazi Party, though in the early 1930s he supported Adolf Hitler's forceful denunciation of the Versailles Treaty and belief in the need for Germany to rearm.
 Beck had grave misgivings regarding the Nazi demand that all German officers swear an oath of fealty to the person of Hitler in 1934, though he believed that Germany needed strong government and that Hitler could successfully provide this so long as he was influenced by traditional elements within the military rather than the SA and SS.
Franz Halder (30 June 1884 – 2 April 1972) was a German general and the chief of the "Oberkommando des Heeres" staff (OKH, Army High Command) from 1938 until September 1942, when he was dismissed after frequent disagreements with Adolf Hitler.
 Until December 1941 Halder's military position corresponded to the old Chief of the General Staff position, which during World War I had been the highest military office in the German Imperial Army.
 Halder's diary during his time as chief of OKH General Staff has been a source for authors that have written about such subjects as Hitler, World War II and the Nazi Party.
 In William Shirer's "The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich", Halder's diary is cited hundreds of times.
The Schlieffen Plan (German: "Schlieffen-Plan" , ] ) was the name given after World War I to the thinking behind the German invasion of France and Belgium on 4 August 1914.
 Field Marshal Alfred von Schlieffen, the Chief of the Imperial Army German General Staff from 1891 to 1906, devised a deployment plan for a war-winning offensive, in a one-front war against the French Third Republic from 1905–06.
 After the war, the German official historians of the "Reichsarchiv" and other writers, described the plan as a blueprint for victory.
 German historians claimed that the plan had been ruined by "Generaloberst" (Colonel-General) Helmuth von Moltke the Younger, the Commander-in-Chief of the German army after Schlieffen retired in 1906, who was dismissed after the First Battle of the Marne (5–12 September 1914).
The Moltke Nunataks ( ) are a chain of north–south trending nunataks close to the northeastern end of the Filchner Ice Shelf, Antarctica.
 One nunatak was first roughly mapped and named "Moltke Nunatak" by the Second German Antarctic Expedition of 1911–12 under Wilhelm Filchner.
 He named it for General Helmuth von Moltke, Chief of the German General Staff and Secretary of State for Home Affairs.
 Surveys during the mid-1950s by British, Argentine and United States expeditions indicate that a group of four or five nunataks exist in the area.
The Chief of the General Staff (Ukrainian: Начальник Генерального штабу ) is the chief of staff of the General Staff of the Ukrainian Armed Forces.
 He/she is appointed by the President of Ukraine.
 If the Minister of Defense is a civilian the Chief of the General Staff becomes the commander-in-chief of the Ukrainian Armed Forces.
 The current Chief of the General Staff is Viktor Muzhenko.
The German General Staff, originally the Prussian General Staff and officially Great General Staff ("Großer Generalstab"), was a full-time body at the head of the Prussian Army and later, the German Army, responsible for the continuous study of all aspects of war, and for drawing up and reviewing plans for mobilization or campaign.
 It existed unofficially from 1806, and was formally established by law in 1814, the first general staff in existence.
 It was distinguished by the formal selection of its officers by intelligence and proven merit rather than patronage or wealth, and by the exhaustive and rigorously structured training which its staff officers undertook.
 Its rise and development gave the German armed forces a decisive strategic advantage over their adversaries for nearly a century and a half.
Pagano Nunatak ( ) is a notable rock nunatak with a pointed summit (1,830 m) which stands in relative isolation, 8 nautical miles (15 km) east of Hart Hills and 80 nautical miles (150 km) north-northeast of Ford Massif, Thiel Mountains.
 The nunatak was examined and sketched by Edward Thiel in the course of an airlifted seismic traverse along meridian 88W in the 1959-60 season.
 Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Chief Warrant Officer Gerald Pagano (d.1981), USA, assistant for plans and operations on the staff of the Commander, U.S. Naval Support Force, Antarctica, 1960–65; staff member, Center for Polar Archives, National Archives, 1972-81.
