Maryland Route 170 (MD 170) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland.
 The state highway runs 12.98 mi from MD 175 in Odenton north to MD 2 in Brooklyn Park.
 MD 170 connects the western Anne Arundel County communities of Odenton and Severn and the North County communities of Linthicum, Pumphrey, and Brooklyn Park with Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI Airport).
 The highway connects BWI Airport with Interstate 695 (I-695) and MD 100 and forms part of the Airport Loop, a circumferential highway that connects the airport and I-195 with many airport-related services.
Bir Tikendrajit International Airport (IATA: IMF, ICAO: VEIM) is the second international airport built in the Northeastern region of India, after Guwahati, and the third busiest airport in the north east region after Guwahati and Agartala.
 It's named after king Tikendrajit.
 Located 8 km south of Imphal, the capital of Manipur, Imphal International Airport connects northeastern India with the country's major cities such as Bengaluru, Delhi, Kolkata, and with the Myanmar city of Mandalay.
 AirAsia India, Air India, IndiGo and Alliance Air offer connection services from the airport to major cities and regional airports such as Agartala, Silchar, Aizawl, and Jorhat.
 Connecting flights to Yangon, Mandalay, Naypyidaw (Myanmar) Bangkok, Chiang Mai (Thailand) are in development.
Anh Dao Traxel "(Vietnamese spelling: Anh Đào Traxel, born Dương Anh Đào)" (Born c. 1958 in South Vietnam) is the foster daughter of former French President Jacques Chirac.
 She was a boat-person refugee, and met Jacques Chirac at Roissy Airport in 1979.
 He told her "Don’t cry, ma chérie.
 You are coming home with us" and took her home.
 She was then 21 and her adoptive father was 47.
*
Cap-Haïtien International Airport (IATA: CAP, ICAO: MTCH) is an airport serving Cap-Haïtien, a city in Nord, Haiti.
 It is the second largest airport in Haiti.
 This airport connects Haiti to airports like Miami International Airport, Providenciales International Airport, Cibao International Airport and others in the Caribbean.
 The last airport for refueling for general aviation coming from the Bahamas into Haiti is Great Inagua, an airport in Matthew Town (IATA: IGA, ICAO: MYIG).
Aéroport Charles de Gaulle 2 TGV is a major passenger railway station in Tremblay-en-France, Paris, France.
 It is located directly beneath terminal two of Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (between the C/D and E/F concourses) and is operated by the SNCF.
 The station was opened in 1994.
 It connects the airport to Paris and to various others cities in France, as well as to Belgium.
Roissy-en-France (] ; colloquially simply called Roissy) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France, in the Val d'Oise department.
 It is located 20.7 km from the center of Paris.
Mandalay International Airport (Burmese: မန္တလေး အပြည်ပြည်ဆိုင်ရာ လေဆိပ် ; (IATA: MDL, ICAO: VYMD) ), located 35 km south of Mandalay in Tada-U, is one of only three international airports in Myanmar.
 Completed in 1999, the airport was the largest and most modern airport in the country until the modernization of Yangon International Airport in 2008, the airport connects 11 domestic and four international destinations, complete with a 4267 meter runway which is the longest runway in use in Southeast Asia and capacity to handle up to 3 million passengers a year.
 It is the main operating base of Golden Myanmar Airlines.
The A1 Autoroute, also known as l'autoroute du Nord (the Northern Motorway), is the busiest of France's autoroutes.
 With a length of 211 km , it connects Paris with the northern city of Lille.
 It is managed by the Société des Autoroutes du Nord et de l'Est de la France (SANEF).
 The autoroute serves the northern suburbs of Paris, including the Stade de France, Le Bourget, Paris' Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport, and Parc Astérix.
 From there it crosses Picardy, without directly passing through any of the major cities of the "région".
 Throughout Picardy, the A1 runs parallel to the LGV Nord.
The Roissy–Picardie Link is a planned railway line near Paris.
Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (French: "Aéroport de Paris-Charles-de-Gaulle" , IATA: CDG, ICAO: LFPG ), also known as Roissy Airport (name of the local district), is the largest international airport in France.
 It is named after Charles de Gaulle (1890–1970), leader of the Free French Forces during the Second World War, founder of the French Fifth Republic and President of France from 1959 to 1969.
 Charles de Gaulle Airport is located within portions of several communes 25 km to the northeast of Paris.
 Charles de Gaulle Airport serves as the principal hub for Air France as well as a European hub for fellow SkyTeam alliance partner Delta Air Lines.
 Additionally, the airport serves as a focus city for low-cost carriers Vueling and Norwegian Air Shuttle.
