<onlyinclude>This is a list of American football players who have played for the Buffalo Bills of the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League (NFL).
 It includes players that have played at least one official game in an AFL or NFL regular season.
 The Buffalo Bills franchise was founded in the AFL in the 1960 and joined the NFL in 1970.
 The Bills played for three AFL Championships and won two.
 They have also had four Super Bowl appearances, but have yet to win one.
</onlyinclude>
The 2015 Buffalo Bills season was the franchise’s 56th overall season as a football team, 46th in the National Football League, third under leadership of general manager Doug Whaley and first under new head coach Rex Ryan, who signed a five-year, $27.5 million contract on January 12, 2015 after having previously spent the past six seasons coaching the division-rival New York Jets, leading them to two straight AFC Championship games in 2009 and 2010, becoming the franchise’s 18th head coach and the fifth in the past seven years in the process.
 Ryan replaced Doug Marrone, who opted out of his contract on December 31, 2014 to take advantage of a contract loophole, fearing the Pegulas were going to fire him, hence the reason the Bills entered the 2015 season looking for a new head coach.
 Despite the bold prediction made by Ryan at his introductory press conference, where he stated, “I’m not going to let our fans down.
 I am not going to do that.
 I know it’s been 15 years since the Bills made the playoffs.
 Well, get ready, man, we’re going.
 We are going,” the Bills were unable to make the playoffs in their first season with Ryan as head coach, finishing with a record of 8-8 (the team’s first since 2002), making it the 16th straight season without a playoff appearance, which became the longest active in major professional sports after Major League Baseball’s Toronto Blue Jays broke their 22-year playoff drought on September 25, 2015.
 It was also the first full season under the ownership of Terry and Kim Pegula (whom also own the Buffalo Sabres), having purchased the Bills partway through 2014 after the death of longtime owner Ralph Wilson in March at the age of 95.
 The Bills began their season with an open competition for the starting quarterback position after Kyle Orton, the starter for most of the 2014 campaign, retired during the offseason, so the team acquired free agent Tyrod Taylor, a former backup quarterback of the Baltimore Ravens, who won the competition over incumbent second-string quarterback EJ Manuel and trade acquisition Matt Cassel, the latter of whom the team later traded along with a seventh-round pick in 2017 to the Dallas Cowboys, in exchange for a fifth-round draft pick in 2017.
Christopher Garrett Mohr (born May 11, 1966 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a former American football punter.
 Mohr grew up in Thomson, Georgia, where he played football at Briarwood Academy.
 He was recruited by the University of Alabama, where he was the team's starting punter for three years.
 After being named the Southeastern Conference's best punter his senior year, he spent the 1989 NFL season with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and was their punter the entire season.
 He spent one season with the Montreal Machine of the World League of American Football before being signed by the Buffalo Bills.
 Mohr was with the Bills from 1991 to 2000, during which time he appeared in three Super Bowls with the team—Super Bowl XXVI, Super Bowl XXVII, and Super Bowl XXVIII.
 He signed with his hometown Atlanta Falcons before the 2001 NFL season, where he played for four years before being waived in 2005.
 He was signed by the Washington Redskins before the 2005 NFL season began, but was cut a few days later.
 He officially retired from the NFL in 2007 by signing a one-day contract with the Buffalo Bills.
 Mohr has four boys.
 Garrett, Harrison, Quinn and chapman.
 Garrett Mohr his oldest son is currently a NFL free agent.
Richard Karekin Cunningham (born October 12, 1944) is a former American football linebacker.
 He played in the American Football League for the Buffalo Bills and in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills, the Houston Oilers, and the Philadelphia Eagles from 1967 to 1973.
 Cunningham played college football at the University of Arkansas and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1966 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions and the fourth round of the Red Shirt portion of the 1966 AFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills are a professional American football team based in the Buffalo–Niagara Falls metropolitan area.
 The Bills compete in the National Football League (NFL), as a member club of the league's American Football Conference (AFC) East division.
 The team plays their home games at New Era Field in Orchard Park, New York.
 The Bills are the only NFL team that plays its home games in the state of New York (the New York Giants and New York Jets play at MetLife Stadium, located in East Rutherford, New Jersey).
 The Bills conduct summer training camp at St. John Fisher College in Pittsford, New York, an eastern suburb of Rochester, New York.
The 1988 Buffalo Bills season was the 29th season for the team and the 19th season in the National Football League (NFL).
 The Bills ended a streak of four consecutive losing seasons by winning the AFC East; they finished the NFL's 1988 season with a record of 12 wins and 4 losses; it was the club's first winning season since 1981, its first 12-win season since the 1964 AFL championship season, and only the fifth double-digit win season in team history.
 The Bills were 8–0 at home for the first time in their franchise history.
 On the road, the Bills were 4–4.
 From an attendance standpoint, the franchise set a record for attendance with 631,818 fans.
Corbin Sinclair Bryant (born January 4, 1988) is an American football nose tackle for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL).
 He played college football at Northwestern and was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2011.
 He has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Buffalo Bills.
The Pittsburgh Steelers compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the American Football Conference (AFC) North division.
 Founded in 1933, the Steelers are the oldest franchise in the AFC; seven franchises in the National Football Conference (NFC) have longer tenures in the NFL.
 The team struggled to be competitive in its early history, posting winning records in just 8 of its first 39 seasons.
 Since the AFL–NFL merger in 1970, however, it has appeared in eight Super Bowls and is the only team to have won the Super Bowl six times.
 The six championships place the Steelers fourth in the league in terms of total championships (including those prior to the first Super Bowl), trailing only the Green Bay Packers (13 championships), the Chicago Bears (9) and the New York Giants (8).
 The club's 15 AFC Championship Game appearances are a record.
 In addition, they have hosted more conference championship games (11) than any franchise in either conference, and are tied with the Dallas Cowboys, New England Patriots and Denver Broncos with eight Super Bowl appearances.
The 2000 Buffalo Bills season was the team's 41st and 31st as part of the National Football League.
 The Bills total offense ranked 9th in the league and their total defense ranked 3rd in the league.
 The 2000 season was the first since the 1987 season that long-time Bills players Bruce Smith, Andre Reed and Thurman Thomas were not on the team together, as all were released just days after the Bills were eliminated from the 1999 playoffs.
 Smith and Reed signed with the Redskins, while Thomas signed with the Dolphins.
 The Buffalo Bills finished in fourth place in the AFC East and finished the National Football League's 2000 season with a record of 8 wins and 8 losses.
 Though the Bills were 7-4 after eleven games, they lost their next four in a row, only avoiding a losing season in the final game of the year.
 The 2000 season marked a turning point in Buffalo's history.
 From 2000 to present, the Bills have failed to make the playoffs.
 After the 2000 season ended, general manager John Butler left the team to take the same position with the San Diego Chargers.
The Buffalo Bills were a barbershop quartet formed in Buffalo, New York, on September 20, 1947.
 The original members were tenor Vern Reed, an executive for the Tonawanda Boys' Club; lead Al Shea, who was a City of Buffalo policeman; baritone Herschel Smith, a corporate executive; and bass Bill Spangenberg, a truck driver for a steel company.
 They started out as an unnamed foursome, singing for community groups.
 During an appearance at the Buffalo Quarterback Club, they were introduced as the "Buffalo Bills", which was meant to be just for that day, but the name stuck from that point on.
 Coincidentally, a football team known formerly as the Buffalo Bisons also changed its name to the Bills at about the same time; the name proved popular enough that the current Buffalo Bills also picked up the name when they debuted thirteen years later.
