Mike Smith started as an A&R man at MCA Publishing as a scout in 1988, where he signed Blur, Levitation and scouted The Smashing Pumpkins.
 He then moved to EMI Publishing in 1992, where he went on to sign acts, such as PJ Harvey, Elastica, Supergrass, Teenage Fan Club, Doves, Starsailor, The Beta Band, The Avalanches, Gorillaz, The White Stripes, The Libertines, The Scissor Sisters, The Arcade Fire, and Arctic Monkeys, as well as resigning Blur and progressing to the position of Head of A&R.
 He also worked with artists such as Robbie Williams, The Verve and Beth Orton.
 Smith moved to Columbia Records UK in 2006 to work as the Managing Director.
 In 2006, he signed Mark Ronson and Calvin Harris.
 In 2007, signings included The Ting Tings, MGMT, The Hugs, The Gossip and Glasvegas.
 The following year, he signed Miike Snow and Lissie to the label and in 2009, Magnetic Man, Miles Kane and Paul Epworth.
 Band of Horses, Katy B, The Vaccines and Ryan Adams were all signed in 2010 and in the following year, he signed Madeon and The Civil Wars.
 Acts he also looked after included Kings of Leon, Bruce Springsteen, Bob Dylan, Foo Fighters, Matt Cardle, Ke$ha, Sleigh Bells, and Kasabian.
William Allen White (February 10, 1868 – January 29, 1944) was an American newspaper editor, politician, author, and leader of the Progressive movement.
 Between 1896 and his death, White became a spokesman for middle America.
Søren Solkær (born 3 September 1969 and formerly known as Søren Solkær Starbird), is a Danish photographer best known for his portraits of musicians.
 He is most recognised as the man responsible for various iconic images of Björk, The White Stripes, Franz Ferdinand, David Lynch, Arctic Monkeys, R.E.M. and U2.
Horace Bumstead ( September 1841- January 1919) was a Congregationalist minister and educator.
 He used his career to fight for African American education and became the second president of Atlanta University (1888-1907).
 Bumstead was one of the first white men in the United States to fight for educational rights for African Americans.
 As a white man, he was condemned by many for taking on this role, but African Americans rallied behind his efforts and viewed him as a spokesman.
Summer of the Monkeys is a 1976 children's novel written by Wilson Rawls.
 It was published by Doubleday (later released by Yearling Books) and was the winner of the William Allen White Book Award and the California Young Reader Medal.
The Holden-Keating Gang was a bank robbing team, led by Thomas James Holden (1896–1953) and Francis Keating (1899–July 25, 1978), which was active in the Midwestern United States during the 1925 and 1939.
 Holden was described by a spokesman for the FBI as "a menace to every man, woman and child in America" and was the first fugitive to be officially listed on the FBI's Top Ten Most Wanted List in 1950.
Hätteberget is the name of a Swedish docking lighthouse situated in the sea west of Marstrand and south of Tjörn.
 It was built in 1977 as a replacement for the old Pater Noster Lighthouse.
 The lighthouse is a 26 metre high concrete tower with helicopter landing.
 It is painted with a red belt and has a gray cap on top.
 The light from the white sector can reach 21.5 nmi .
Vance Powell is a four time winning Grammy Award winning American record producer, engineer and mixer.
 His credits include Chris Stapleton, Jack White, Tyler Bryant & The Shakedown, The Raconteurs, The Dead Weather, The White Stripes, Arctic Monkeys, Wolfmother, Seasick Steve, Black Prairie, The Revivalists, Tinariwen, JEFF the Brotherhood, Daniel Ellsworth & The Great Lakes, and Martina McBride, among many others.
Curtis Jack Glencross (born December 28, 1982) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.
 An undrafted player, he signed with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks as a free agent in 2004 and made his NHL debut with the team in 2007.
 He has also played for the Columbus Blue Jackets, Edmonton Oilers, Calgary Flames and Washington Capitals.
 He was an effective goal scorer and active within the community during his time in Calgary, which led to the team naming him its recipient of the Ralph T. Scurfield Humanitarian Award in 2012.
 After splitting the 2014–15 season between Calgary and Washington, Glencross was unable to reach a contract deal with any NHL team (despite pre-season attempts with the Toronto Maple Leafs and Colorado Avalanche and opted to retire as a player.
 During his playing career, Glencross was a spokesman for the Special Olympics.
 He has also participated with Rae Croteau Jr.'s chuckwagon racing team in the summer.
The Australian Ecology Research Award (AERA) is an award presented by the Ecological Society of Australia for a specific body of recent ecological work by a mid-career researcher.
 Initiated in 2008, the AERA was inspired, in part, by the Robert H. MacArthur Award of the Ecological Society of America.
 The AERA is not restricted to any particular sector, and aims to recognize outstanding ecological research; nominations of researchers from academia, and the public and private sector agencies are invited annually.
