"Small Town Boy" is a song recorded by American country music artist Dustin Lynch.
 It was released to country radio on February 17, 2017 as the second single from his third studio album, "Current Mood".
Kill the Lights is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Luke Bryan.
 It was released on August 7, 2015, by Capitol Nashville.
 The album's lead single, "Kick the Dust Up", was released to country radio on May 19, 2015. "
Strip It Down" was released as the second single from the album on August 4, 2015.
 The album's third single, "Home Alone Tonight", was released to country radio on November 23, 2015.
 The album's fourth single, "Huntin', Fishin' and Lovin' Every Day" released to country radio on March 14, 2016.
 The album's fifth single, "Move" released to country radio on July 25, 2016.
 All five singles reached number one on the "Billboard" Country Airplay chart, making Bryan the first country music artist ever to have five number one singles from two albums apiece.
 In November 2016, the album's sixth and final single, "Fast", was sent to country radio.
 With "Fast" also reaching number one in April 2017, Bryan became the first artist in the chart's history to achieve six number one singles from one album.
Adam Craig is an American country music singer-songwriter from Tenino, Washington.
 Craig has made a name for himself since moving to Nashville, Tennessee in September 2004, as a songwriter.
 In March 2011 he signed to Sony/ATV Music Publishing, and has co-penned songs including Parmalee's "Close Your Eyes", Jason Aldean's "Church Pew or Bar Stool", Dustin Lynch's "World to Me", and Love and Theft's "Whiskey on My Breath".
 Now signed to Stoney Creek Records, Craig has released his self-titled debut EP, and his debut single to country radio called "Reckon", written by Randy Montana, Derek George and Jeremy Stover.
"Mind Reader" is a song recorded by American country music artist Dustin Lynch.
 It was released to country radio on September 28, 2015 as the third single from his second studio album "Where It's At" (2014).
 The song was written by Rhett Akins and Ben Hayslip.
 It received mixed reviews from critics divided over the production and lyrics.
"Where It's At (Yep, Yep)" (also known as "Where It's At" in its short title) is a song recorded by American country music artist Dustin Lynch.
 It was released in March 2014 as the first single from his second studio album.
 The album, "Where It's At", was released on September 9, 2014.
 The song was written by Cary Barlowe, Zach Crowell and Matt Jenkins.
 The song garnered positive reviews from critics who praised its upbeat instrumentals and Lynch's vocal performance.
Current Mood is the third studio album by American country music singer Dustin Lynch.
 It was released on September 8, 2017, via Broken Bow Records.
 The album includes the singles "Seein' Red" and "Small Town Boy", which have both reached number one on the Country Airplay chart.
"Cowboys and Angels" is a song recorded by American country music artist Dustin Lynch.
 It was released in January 2012 as the first single from his self-titled debut album.
 Lynch co-wrote the song with Josh Leo and Tim Nichols.
Where It's At is the second studio album by American country music artist Dustin Lynch.
 It was released on September 9, 2014 by Broken Bow Records.
 Mickey Jack Cones produced 12 of the 15 songs with Brett Beavers and Luke Wooten co-producing 3 of the 15.
 Lynch co-wrote five of the album's fifteen tracks.
 The album's first single, "Where It's At (Yep, Yep)", was released to country radio on March 31, 2014 and became his first number one single on the Country Airplay chart.
 The album's second single, "Hell of a Night", was released to country radio on November 3, 2014.
 and became his second number one single on the Country Airplay chart.
 The album's third single, "Mind Reader", was released to country radio on September 28, 2015, and became his third number one single on the Country Airplay chart.
"Seein' Red" is a song recorded by American country music artist Dustin Lynch.
 It was released to country radio on July 11, 2016 as the lead single from his third studio album, "Current Mood".
 The song was written by Kurt Allison, Steve Bogard, Tully Kennedy and Jason Sever.
Dustin Lynch is the debut studio album by American country music artist Dustin Lynch.
 It was released on August 21, 2012 by Broken Bow Records.
 Lynch wrote or co-wrote ten of the album's thirteen tracks, including the first single, "Cowboys and Angels".
 The album's second single, "She Cranks My Tractor", was released to country radio on November 19, 2012.
 The album has sold 100,000 copies as of December 2012.
 The album's third single, "Wild in Your Smile", was released to country radio on May 27, 2013.
