Amaryllis is the fourth studio album by American rock band Shinedown.
 It was announced on January 3, 2012, the same day as the first single, "Bully," was released, for release on March 27, with pre-orders opening on January 17.
 A music video for the song "Unity" was released on March 12.
 An e-book about the making of "Amaryllis", titled "For Your Sake: Inside the Making of Amaryllis", was released concurrently with the album.
Isofraxidin-7-glucoside (calycanthoside) is a constituent of "Eleutherococcus senticosus" that is classified as a coumarin.
 It is a glucoside of isofraxidin.
Amaryllis ( ) is the only genus in the subtribe Amaryllidinae (tribe Amaryllideae).
 It is a small genus of flowering bulbs, with two species.
 The better known of the two, "Amaryllis belladonna", is a native of the Western Cape region of South Africa, particularly the rocky southwest area between the Olifants River Valley to Knysna.
 For many years there was confusion among botanists over the generic names "Amaryllis" and "Hippeastrum", one result of which is that the common name "amaryllis" is mainly used for cultivars of the genus "Hippeastrum", widely sold in the winter months for their ability to bloom indoors.
 Plants of the genus "Amaryllis" are known as belladonna lily, Jersey lily, naked lady, amarillo, Easter lily in Southern Australia or, in South Africa, March lily due to its propensity to flower around March.
 This is one of numerous genera with the common name "lily" due to their flower shape and growth habit.
 However, they are only distantly related to the true lily, "Lilium".
Chengiopanax sciadophylloides is a flowering tree in the family Araliaceae native to Japan.
 Previously included in the genus "Eleutherococcus", it is distinguished from other members of that genus by not having spines or prickles and ITS sequence data confirmed the separation.
Eleutherococcus senticosus is a species of small, woody shrub in the family Araliaceae native to Northeastern Asia.
 It is often colloquially referred to as Siberian ginseng, eleuthero or ciwujia.
 "E. senticosus" has a history of use in traditional Chinese medicine where it is known as "cì wǔ jiā" (刺五加).
 In regard to the species's scientific name, "Eleutherococcus" (from Greek) means "free-berried," and "senticosus", from the Latin word "sentis" (thorn-bush, briar) is an adjective meaning "thorny" or "full of briers or thorns."
Amaryllis (Αμαρυλλίς) is a female ancient Greek name and means "sparkling".
 According the mythology, the name of the beautiful flower Amaryllis derived from the nymph Amaryllis.
Methyl-α--galactose is a constitutuent of "Eleutherococcus senticosus".
Syringin is a natural chemical compound first isolated from the bark of lilac ("Syringa vulgaris") by Meillet in 1841.
 It has since been found to be distributed widely throughout many types of plants.
 It is also called eleutheroside B, and is found in "Eleutherococcus senticosus" (Siberian ginseng).
 It is also found in dandelion coffee.
Hamilton Paul Traub (June 18, 1890 – July 14, 1983) was an American botanist.
 He specialized in the study of Amaryllidaceae.
 He also did horticultural studies on beans.
 dr Traub was one of the founding members of the American Amaryllis Society (now the International Bulb Society) in 1933, and for a long time the editor of its annual publication, variously called "Year Book, American Amaryllis Society", "Herbertia" and "Plant Life.
 Amaryllis Year Book".
Eleutherosides are a diverse group of chemical compounds that were isolated from roots of the herb "Eleutherococcus senticosus" which is commercially offered mostly as extracts.
 Eleutheroside A is a saponin and sterol glycoside while other eleutherosides, such as eleutheroside B (syringin), are phenyl propanoid glycosides.
 There are no definite effects associated with these constituents, and they rather serve as marker compounds for the Thin layer chromatography identification of "Eleutherococcus senticosus" herbal preparations and dietary supplements.
