Ashton Town Association Football Club is a football club based in Ashton-in-Makerfield, Greater Manchester, England.
 The club are currently members of the Cheshire League Premier Division and play at Edge Green Street, one mile north-east of the town centre.
The United Football League Cup, commonly known as UFL Cup is a Filipino association football competition.
 It is played on a multistage format that culminates in a knockout stage (single elimination).
 Clubs that are eligible to compete for the cup are those who currently play in the United Football League.
 Likewise, it is open to all clubs in the Philippines that passed the requirements given by the Football Alliance Group, which organizes the competition.
 The UFL Cup runs from mid-October to mid-December and was moved to from May to August starting the 2015 edition, to make it in line with the calendar of its Southeast Asian neighbors.
 It provides a chance for all clubs to play each other regardless of their league divisions.
Northwich Victoria Football Club are an English football club based in Northwich, Cheshire.
 They are currently competing in the Northern Premier League Premier Division.
 The club was founded in 1874, playing challenge matches organised on an ad hoc basis until the 1877 season, when they entered the Welsh Cup for the first time.
 The club entered two other competitions (The Cheshire Senior Cup in 1879 and the FA Cup in 1882) before finally playing league football in The Combination in 1890, for which they were founding members.
 They became founding members of the Football League Second Division in 1892, where the club remained for two seasons, and are the only two seasons in the club's history where they have played professionally and in the Football League.
 In the 1894 season, they returned to amateur, regional football when they rejoined the Combination.
 Two season in the Cheshire League followed until the turn of the century, when Northwich joined the Manchester League in 1900, when they finished as runners-up.
 Two seasons later, for the first time, they won a league trophy as winners of the Manchester League in 1902.
 They departed the Manchester League in 1912 when they joined the second division of the Lancashire Combination, finishing 4th in the first season, which ensured their promotion to the first division.
 In 1919, they became founder members of the Cheshire County League, where they remained until the 1968 season, winning the league just once in the 1956–57 season.
 Following their departure from the Cheshire County League, they became founder members of the Northern Premier League.
 In 1979, they founded yet another league, the Alliance Premier League (now known as the Football Conference, where they remained until their relegation in the 2004–05 season.
 During their time in the Conference, they won the FA Trophy in the 1983–84 season, and finished runners-up twice in 1982 and 1995.
 They returned to the Conference National at their first attempt when they won the Conference North in the 2005–06 season.
 However, ongoing financial issues in the latter part of the 2000s saw them relegated twice in two season; in 2009 they were relegated back to the Conference North and then again the following season to the Northern Premier League Premier Division, where they are competing for the current season.
Heswall Football Club is an association football club based in Heswall, Merseyside, England.
 They are currently members of the West Cheshire League Division One and reached the third round of the FA Vase on three occasions during the 1980s.
Runcorn Town Football Club is an English association football club based in Runcorn, Cheshire, England.
 After spending most of their years in the West Cheshire League, they were elected to the North West Counties League in 2010 and are currently in the Premier Division.
 Their home ground is Pavilions in Runcorn.
 Runcorn Town also has a Junior Section with six junior teams under the club's umbrella.
New Brighton Association Football Club was a football club from the seaside resort of New Brighton, in Wallasey, Merseyside in England.
 They were members of the Football League from 1923 until 1951, playing 21 seasons in Division 3 North but were disbanded in 1983.
 In 1993, a club with the same name was formed and played in the West Cheshire League, until folding in 2012.
Dover Athletic Football Club is an association football club based in the town of Dover, Kent, England.
 The club currently competes in the National League, the fifth tier of English football.
 The club was formed in 1983 after the dissolution of the town's previous club, Dover F.C., whose place in the Southern League was taken by the new club.
 In the 1989–90 season Dover Athletic won the Southern League championship, but failed to gain promotion to the Football Conference as the club's ground did not meet the required standard.
 Three seasons later the team won the title again and this time gained promotion to the Conference, where they spent nine seasons before being relegated at the end of the 2001–02 season.
 The club was transferred from the Southern League to the Isthmian League in 2004, competing in that league's Premier Division for one season before mounting financial problems led the club to a further relegation.
 In the 2007–08 season, Dover won Division One South of the league, before winning the Premier Division in 2008–09 and thus gaining promotion to the Conference South.
 They spent five seasons in this division, reaching the play-offs three times, before defeating Ebbsfleet United in the 2013–14 play-off final to finally return to the Conference Premier after a twelve-year absence.
Llanidloes Town Football Club are an association football club based in the Town of Llanidloes, Powys, Wales.
 The club currently plays in the Mid Wales Football League.
 Llanidloes Town Football Club dates back to 1875 and was once a major force not only in mid-Wales, but also throughout Non League Football in Wales, winning the Welsh Amateur Cup twice, in 1922 and 1964.
 The club was also original members of the League of Wales when it was formed in the 1992-93 season, but the club only lasted the one season and were relegated having finished in penultimate position with thirty points from their thirty-eight games.
The West Cheshire Association Football League (commonly known as the West Cheshire League) is an English football league in the county of Cheshire.
 Its current principal sponsor is "Carlsberg", also sponsor of the South West Peninsula League.
 It has a Division One, Divisions Two and Division Three.
 Division One sits at step 7 (or level 11) of the National League System.
The Taça de Portugal (] ; Cup of Portugal) is an annual association football competition and the premier knockout tournament in Portuguese football.
 For sponsorship reasons, it will also be known as Taça de Portugal Placard as of the 2015–16 season.
 Organised by the Portuguese Football Federation since it was first held in 1938, the competition is open to professional and amateur clubs from the top-four league divisions.
 Matches are played from August–September to May–June, and the final is traditionally held at the Estádio Nacional in Oeiras, near Lisbon.
 The winners qualify for the Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira (or the runners-up, in case the winners are also the league champions) and the UEFA Europa League (unless they already qualify for the UEFA Champions League through league placing).
