Pili and Mili (Spanish: "Pili y Mili" ) was a comic acting duo composed of twins Aurora and Pilar Bayona (born February 10, 1947 in Zaragoza, Spain).
 They rosed to fame in early 1960s, becoming one of the biggest stars of the "child prodigy" movie genre that enjoyed a boom at the time.
 Their movies were musical comedies based on the same formula of mistaken identities.
 The twins were very popular in Spain, Mexico and Italy, but their career was short, lasting only from 1963 to 1970.
 When the success formula ceased to work, the duo dissolved.
The Modern Amazons: Warrior Women On-Screen (ISBN  ) by Dominique Mainon and James Ursini, published by Hal Leonard/Limelight Editions is a non-fiction book documenting the evolution of the female action hero in cinema, television and pop-culture.
 From "Barbarella" to "Barb Wire", the book surveys the public's interest with the warrior-woman and amazon archetype in media.
 From the same authors who wrote "", this book also contains hundreds of illustrations, and a complete bibliography, an extensive 30 page filmography, as well as sidebars about trends, style, and trivia.
 The warrior-woman image throughout the past five decades is explored, from the iconic Raquel Welch in the prehistoric adventure fantasy One Million Years BC in the "fur bikinis and jungle love" chapter, to the blaxploitation films ("Coffy, Foxy Brown", and "Sheba, Baby") made famous by Pam Grier, the first African-American woman to play a warrior woman within the action movie genre .
 Included also is Lucy Lawless' six-season portrayal of ""; Angelina Jolie as Lara Croft in two "Tomb Raider" movies; Sigourney Weaver as Ripley in the sci-fi "Alien" adventures, and all the various women who have played vampire slayers, superheroes (and villains), as well as assorted television, cartoon, comics, and video game fighter characters in the various movie action/adventure genres.
 In addition, the book highlights Hong Kong martials arts warriors such as Angela Mao ("Enter the Dragon") and Zhang Ziyi ("Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon") and Cynthia Rothrock, and also sexploitation films, including the controversial Ilsa trilogy.
Wild Gals of the Naked West is a 1962 nudie-cutie movie written and directed by Russ Meyer.
 Along with the hardcore pornographic movies "A Dirty Western" (1975) and "Sweet Savage", the film is one of the few porn flicks in the American Western movie genre.
Ze'ev Revach (Hebrew: זאב רווח‎ ‎ ) (born 1940) is an Israeli comedian, movie actor, and director.
 He is a star of the Israeli movie genre known as bourekas films.
Sweet Savage is a 1979 American pornographic film written and directed by Ann Perry and starring porn performers Carol Connors and Jack Birch along with straight acting veteran Aldo Ray, a Golden Globe nominee, in a non-sex role.
 Along with Russ Meyer's nudie-cutie "Wild Gals of the Naked West" (1962) and the hardcore "A Dirty Western" (1975), the film is one of the few porn films in the American Western movie genre.
The Roaring Twenties is a 1939 crime thriller starring James Cagney, Priscilla Lane, Humphrey Bogart, and Gladys George.
 The epic movie, spanning the periods between 1919 and 1933, was directed by Raoul Walsh and written by Jerry Wald, Richard Macaulay and Robert Rossen based on "The World Moves On," a short story by Mark Hellinger, a columnist who had been hired by Jack L. Warner to write screenplays.
 The movie is hailed as a classic in the gangster movie genre, and considered an homage to the classic gangster movie of the early 1930s.
A Dirty Western is a 1975 pornographic film directed by Joseph F. Robertson and starring Barbara Bourbon.
 Along with Russ Meyer's nudie-cutie "Wild Gals of the Naked West" (1962) and the hardcore "Sweet Savage" (1979), the film is one of the few porn films in the American Western movie genre.
"Lot No. 249" (published in 1892) is a short story written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 The story tells of an Oxford college student who, through the use of Egyptian magic, reanimates an ancient Egyptian mummy (called "Lot 249" for its number in an auction sale), which he then sends to attack all the people against whom he holds a grudge.
 Written in the wake of the late-19th-century fascination with Egyptology, "Lot No. 249" was the first story to depict a reanimated mummy as a sinister, predatory figure and had a profound influence on the horror movie genre throughout the 20th century.
Golu Hadawatha (Translation: Silence of the Heart) was a popular 1968 Sinhalese language romance movie directed by Maestro Lester James Peiris.
 Wickrema Bogoda and Anula Karunathilake act the lead roles of Sugath (Sugath Weerasekera) and Dhammhi (Dhamayanthi Kariyawasam).
 The movie's story is built on the novel Golu Hadawatha written by Karunasena Jayalath in 1962, based on his school time experiences and memories.
 Regi Siriwardena wrote the screenplay and Veteran Sinhala musician Premasiri Khemadasa composed the music.
 Golu Hadawatha is acclaimed as a movie that set a milestone in Sinhala moviemaking.
 It introduced a new cinematic format to the romance and love movie genre.
 The movie departs from the then traditional movie style; no hero, heroine,("Boy" and "Girl") no enemy or villain, Joker, no songs, and fights etc.
 Based on a romantic and emotional attachment between a teenage boy and a girl who study in the same class of their school, Golu Hadawatha is regarded as one of the landmarks in Sri Lankan Cinema.
Fast and Loose is a British television series on BBC Two.
 Conceived by Dan Patterson, one of the creators of the popular long-running series "Whose Line Is It Anyway?
", it mirrors the series in format and style with the addition of some new games.
 Guests take part in numerous improvised sketches in which each comedian inhabits a certain character or movie genre.
 The only series was eight episodes long and hosted by comedian Hugh Dennis.
 Fast and Loose is the inspiration for the 2012 American show "Trust Us with Your Life" on ABC, hosted by Fred Willard and featuring a celebrity guest on each episode.
