Plaga Zombie:Zona Mutante is a 2001 Argentine horror film directed and written by Pablo Parés and Hernán Sáez with Berta Muñiz and Gabriel Grieco who all starred in the film.
 It is the second entry in the "Plaga Zombie film series" as the sequel to the 1997 film "Plaga Zombie" and followed by the 2012 film "".
Battle of the Bone is an 2008 Irish independent zombie film written and directed by George Clarke, and is claimed as Northern Ireland's "first ever" kung-fu zombie movie.
Reel Zombies is a 2008 Canadian zombie film directed by David J. Francis and Mike Masters.
 It is the third film in a loose trilogy that includes "Zombie Night" and "".
 Shot in documentary style, it depicts a film crew that attempts to follow up on their low budget zombie films during an outbreak of a real zombie apocalypse.
A list of horror films released in the 1930s.
 The American horror film was properly created in the 1930s, most notably the Universal Horror film productions. "
White Zombie" is considered to be the first feature length zombie film and has been described as the archetype and model of all zombie movies.
 A number of Hollywood actors made a name for themselves in horror films of this decade, in particular Bela Lugosi ("Dracula", 1931) and Boris Karloff ("Frankenstein", 1931).
 Fredric March won an Academy Award for Best Actor in "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde", 1931.
 Films of this era frequently took their inspiration from the literature of gothic horror and more often dealt with themes of science versus religion rather than supernatural themes.
Dead Meat is a 2004 Irish zombie film written and directed by Conor McMahon, starring Spanish theatre actress Marian Araujo and veteran Irish actor Eoin Whelan.
Zombie Killers: Elephant's Graveyard is a 2015 zombie horror film.
 It was released on video by Anchor Bay Entertainment on February 3, 2015.
Plaga zombie is a 1997 Argentine horror film directed and written by Pablo Parés and Hernán Sáez and written by Berta Muñiz and Pablo Parés who all starred in the film.
 It is the first entry in the "Plaga Zombie film series" being followed up with "" (2001) and "" (2012).
Contracted: Phase II is a 2015 zombie body horror film and the sequel to the 2013 film "Contracted".
 The movie was directed by Josh Forbes, based on a script written by Craig Walendziak, and Eric England, who wrote and directed the first film.
Zombieland is a 2009 American comedy horror film directed by Ruben Fleischer and written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick.
 The film stars Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Emma Stone and Abigail Breslin as survivors of a zombie apocalypse.
 The film follows a geeky college kid making his way through the zombie apocalypse, meeting three strangers along the way and together taking an extended road trip across the Southwestern United States in an attempt to find a sanctuary free from zombies.
 The film premiered at Fantastic Fest on September 25, 2009 and was theatrically released on October 2, 2009 in the United States by Columbia Pictures.
 "Zombieland" was a critical and commercial success, grossing more than $60.8 million in 17 days and surpassing the 2004 film "Dawn of the Dead" as the top-grossing zombie film in the United States until "World War Z" in 2013.
Zombie Holocaust, (Original title: Zombi Holocaust) also known as Zombie 3 and Doctor Butcher, M.D., is a 1980 Italian zombie film directed by Marino Girolami.
