The Indianapolis Colts season was the franchise's 61st season in the National Football League, the 30th in Indianapolis and the second season under head coach Chuck Pagano, who missed most of the 2012 season due to treatment for leukemia.
 The Colts have matched their 2012 record of 11–5, but went undefeated within the division this season.
 The Colts planned to advance further than the Wild Card round in the playoffs than in 2012, where they lost to the Ravens.
 They had done so after coming off of a 28-point trail against the Chiefs to win 45–44 at home.
 However, the Colts were defeated by the New England Patriots in the Divisional round, by a score of 43–22.
The discography of John Frusciante, who is best known as the former guitarist of the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, consists of eleven solo albums and four EPs, as well as two albums with collaborators Joe Lally and Josh Klinghoffer under the name Ataxia and one EP and one album under the alias of Trickfinger.
 Frusciante left the Red Hot Chili Peppers in 1992 after he got tired of the growing success of the band.
 He released his first solo album, "Niandra LaDes and Usually Just a T-Shirt", in 1994 on American Recordings.
 His second record, "Smile From the Streets You Hold", was released in 1997 and later taken off the market at his request in 1999.
 After returning to the Red Hot Chili Peppers in 1998, Frusciante recorded "Californication" with the band and subsequently released his third solo album, "To Record Only Water for Ten Days", in February 2001 on Warner Music Group.
"I Still Believe" is the ninth single by UK-based songwriter Frank Turner, and the first of his fourth EP "Rock & Roll".
 It was released on 28 October 2010.
 "I Still Believe" had a limited release of 500 7" vinyl's for the 2012 Record Store Day on 21 April.
 The B-Side to the vinyl is Frank's cover of Queen's "Somebody to Love".
 Both of which were released digitally a week later on 30 April.
"Red" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her fourth studio album of the same name (2012).
 It was released on October 2, 2012, in the US by Big Machine Records as the second promotional single from "Red" in 2012 and serves as the album's fifth single on June 21, 2013.
 It was part of the tracks released during the four weeks preceding the release of the album.
 Musically, "Red" is a country song, and its lyrics uses colors and metaphors to describe an intense and tumultuous relationship.
Red Roots are an American Christian country red-haired identical triplet sisters trio from Wade, Mississippi, while they make bluegrass music with southern gospel.
 They started making music in 2010, with their first studio album, "Red Roots", that was independently released by Red Hen Records, in 2011.
 Their second release, "The Middle of Nowhere", a studio album, released in 2012, with Red Hen Records.
 The third studio album, "Triplicity", was released in 2014, from Red Hen Records.
 The trio signed with Inpop Records, in 2015.
Red Pajamas Records is an independent American record label.
 It was founded in 1982 by Chicago singer-songwriter Steve Goodman with help from his manager Al Bunetta.
 Between 1983 and his death in 1984, Goodman released two albums on Red Pajamas: "Artistic Hair" and "Affordable Art".
 Two more, "Santa Ana Winds" and the Grammy Award-winning "Unfinished Business", were released posthumously in 1984 and 1987.
 Red Pajamas Records continues to operate under the management of Oh Boy Records, which is owned by Goodman's friend John Prine.
 Red Pajamas continues to release archival live performances by Goodman as well as compilations and reissues of his earlier material.
 The label has also released three recordings of tribute performances by Goodman's friends.
The 1997 Boston Red Sox season was the 97th season in the franchise's Major League Baseball history.
 The Red Sox finished fourth in the American League East with a record of 78 wins and 84 losses, 20 games behind the Baltimore Orioles.
 It was the last time the Red Sox had a losing record until 2012.
Ripface Invasion is an American hardcore punk band based out of New Jersey.
 The band was formed in December 2010 by Anthony "Red" Paladino, the founder of the Earache Records band I.D.K., which was a New Jersey punk band with a large fan following.
 Red formed Ripface Invasion to pick up where I.D.K. left off, bringing in I.D.K. bass player Tom Conti.
 The current lineup consists of Red on vocals, Tom Conti on bass guitar and Dan "Drummer D" Lockhart (formerly of the popular hardcore band One4One who was signed to hardcore label Stillborn Records which is owned and operated by Jamey Jasta of the band Hatebreed)as well as Triple Crown Records on drums.
 The most recent addition to the Ripface Invasion lineup is Joe EC (Elviz Christ) who is the founder and guitarist of New Jersey thrash metal outfit Saint Avarice.
 The band has released a four-song EP on July 5, 2011.
 They subsequently released a 3-song EP as well as a 7-inch record.
 Past members play on the first CD / record.
 Past members have included various players from NJ bands such as E-town Concrete, Agents of Man and Backlash.
Disco Jets is a "Tongue in Cheek" project organized and recorded by Todd Rundgren and Utopia shortly after recording Todd's "Faithful" LP and including most of the Musicians from those sessions.
 It's an instrumental recording humorously parroting 1976's "US Bi-Centennial celebrations, Disco music, science fiction movies such as "Star Wars" and the CB Radio" fads.
 It was never officially released until 2001, 25 years after its recording was finished.
 It's first official release was as part of the Todd Archive Series Vol.
 4 - "Todd Rundgren Demos and Lost Albums" (Rhino CRCL-7707/08) 2-CD set on Rhino Entertainment/Crown Japan, and then more recently in 2012 as a standalone CD Import on Esoteric Recordings and in 2015 on Cherry Red.
 It was also released as a limited edition vinyl that was manufactured exclusively by Cherry Red for Record Store Day, only appearing in record shops from Saturday 16 April.
"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her fourth studio album, "Red" (2012).
 Swift co-wrote the song with its producers, Max Martin and Shellback.
 The song was released as the lead single from "Red" on August 13, 2012, by Big Machine Records.
 Its lyrics depict Swift's frustrations at an ex-lover who wants to re-kindle their relationship. "
Rolling Stone" magazine named the song the second best song of 2012 while it took the fourth spot in "Time"' s end-of-year poll.
 It has received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year.
 It also received a People's Choice Awards nomination for Favorite Song of the Year.
