Eimsbütteler Turnverband is a German sports club based in Eimsbüttel, Hamburg.
 Apart from football, the club also offers a variety of other sports, like basketball, volleyball, and fencing.
 The club's golden era was in the 1930s and early 1940s when it made five appearances in the German championship finals round and won a number of Hamburg city championships against the now much more prominent clubs "Hamburger SV" and "FC St. Pauli".
Ballspielverein Borussia 09 e.V. Dortmund, commonly known as Borussia Dortmund ] , BVB, or simply Dortmund, is a German sports club based in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia ("Borussia" is the Latin equivalent of Prussia).
 The football team is part of a large membership-based sports club with more than 145,000 members, making BVB the second largest sports club by membership in Germany.
 Dortmund plays in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system.
 Dortmund is one of the most successful clubs in German football history.
Al-Mesaimeer Sports Club (Arabic: نادي المسيمير الرياضي‎ ‎ ) is a Qatari multi-sports club based in Mesaimeer.
 Its football department plays in the Qatar Stars League.
 It was previously known as "Al-Nahda Sports Club", then "Al-Shoala", and finally, today it is known as "Mesaimeer Sports Club".
 It was promoted to the first division of Qatari football for the first time in history in the 2014–15 season.
Mjällby Allmänna Idrottsförening, also known simply as Mjällby AIF, Mjällby or (especially locally) MAIF, is a Swedish professional football club based in Hällevik.
 The club is affiliated to Blekinge Fotbollförbund and play its home games at Strandvallen.
 The club colours, reflected in their crest and kit, are yellow and black.
 Formed on 1 April 1939, the club have played eight seasons in Sweden's highest football league Allsvenskan, the club's first season in the league was in 1980.
 The club are currently playing in Division 1 Södra (3rd level).
 With eight seasons in the top division Allsvenskan most recent in 2014, Mjällby AIF is the most successful football team from the province of Blekinge.
The Manila Nomads Sports Club, or simply the Nomads Sports Club or the Manila Nomads, is a sports club based in Parañaque, Metro Manila, Philippines.
 The sports club primarily focuses on its association football team which played in the United Football League, the highest level of Philippine club football.
Ahmed Marzooq (born 1 September 1976 in Addu Feydhoo, Republic of Maldives), also known as Mare, is the Secretary General of Maldives Olympic Committee.
 Till electing to the post on 11 July 2009, he also was the General Secretary of one of the most successful Maldivian football team Victory Sports Club.
 He was a former football player who won numerous trophies with Club Valencia and Island Football Club (IFC).
 Before moving to Club Valencia in 1998, he played for Youth Sports Club from 1994 to 1997.
 During his time he was well known as a bold head who is the son of former Maldivian famous referee Hussain Mohamed Didi aka GEORGE.
 Marzooq and his brother Mohamed Nizam played together in Youth Sports Club and Club Valencia as well.
 He scored the historical goal which have been recorded as the fastest goal in a final match in the History of Maldives football.
 The goal was scored within 32 seconds after kick off against New Radiant on 1999 FA Cup final.
Al-Sadd Sports Club (Arabic: نادي السد الرياضي‎ ‎ ) is a Qatari sports club based in the Al Sadd district of the city of Doha.
 It is best known for its association football team, which competes in the top level of Qatari football, the Qatar Stars League.
 Locally, it is known primarily by the nickname "Al Zaeem", which translates to "The Boss".
 In addition to the Al Saad handball team, the club has participation in handball, basketball, volleyball, table tennis and athletics.
 It is the most successful sports club in the country, and holds a national record of 53 official football championships.
Al-Muharraq Sports Club (Arabic: نادي المحرق الرياضي‎ ‎ ) is a Bahraini football club based in Muharraq.
 It is one of the oldest sports club in the Arabian Peninsula Region.
 Al-Muharraq Sports Club has won the Bahraini Football Premier League 33 times.
 Al-Muharraq Sports Club also takes part in other sports than football like Basketball and Volleyball.
 Historically, Al-Muharraq Sports Club football team resembles most of Bahrain national football team.
 Muharruq is the one of the biggest clubs in Bahrain football history if not the biggest.
 Muharruq Also Won the crown prince cup 5 times Making them the most team winning it.
 Muharruq won the Bahrain King Cup 32 times the second most team who have won it is Al Ahli they won it 8 times.
Colchester United Football Club is an English professional football club based in Colchester, Essex, that was founded in 1937.
 From the 1937–38 season, the club played in the Southern Football League until 1950, when they were elected to the Football League.
 After playing in the Third Division South for eight seasons, Colchester remained in the Third Division when the league was re-organised by finishing 12th in 1958.
 The club were relegated to the Fourth Division in 1961, but made an immediate return to the Third Division after finishing the 1961–62 season in second position, one point behind Millwall.
 They bounced between the Third and Fourth divisions until 1990, when the club were relegated from the Football League for the first time in 40 years.
 After two seasons in the Football Conference, the U's were promoted back to the Football League after winning the Conference title on goal difference over Wycombe Wanderers in 1992.
 Colchester played in the Third Division between 1992 and 1998, when they won promotion to the Second Division after a play-off final win against Torquay United at Wembley.
 The club remained in the third tier until 2006, as they were promoted to the Championship, the second tier of English football, for the first time in their history, ending the season as runners up in League One to Southend United.
 The U's spent two seasons in the Championship, earning their highest-ever league finish of 10th position in the second tier before being relegated back to League One in 2008.
 Following relegation to League Two at the end of the 2015–16 season, Colchester made a return to the fourth tier of English football for the first time in 18-years.
Mehdi Mahdavikia (Persian: ‎ ‎ , born 24 July 1977 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian football player who played for Persepolis, Hamburger SV, Eintracht Frankfurt, Steel Azin, Damash Gilan and also the Iran national football team.
 He has won the Asian Young Footballer of the Year award in 1997, as well as Asian Footballer of the Year in 2003.
 He was captain of the Iran national football team from 2006 to 2009, and currently is the fourth most capped Iranian International after Ali Daei, Javad Nekounam and Ali Karimi.
 From the Bank Melli youth academy, he joined Persepolis and after his performance in the 1998 FIFA World Cup was transferred to Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga, where he played for eight seasons.
 He usually played as a right winger or full-back.
 He was known for his crossing, speed and dribbling.
 He announced his retirement on 14 March 2013 from football world.
 His last match as a football player was against Sepahan in the Hazfi Cup final on 5 May 2013.
