Colonel Fairleigh Stanton Dickinson Sr. (August 22, 1866 – June 23, 1948) was the co-founder of the Fortune 500 medical technology company Becton Dickinson and the named benefactor of Fairleigh Dickinson University.
The Fairleigh Dickinson Knights men's basketball team represents Fairleigh Dickinson University in Hackensack, New Jersey, United States.
 The school's team currently competes in the Northeast Conference and plays their home games at the Rothman Center.
 FDU is currently coached by Greg Herenda.
The Intercollegiate Horse Show Association (IHSA) was established in 1967 by Robert E. Cacchione, while a sophomore at Fairleigh Dickinson University in New Jersey and with the encouragement of History professor and noted horseman, Jack Fritz.
 IHSA is based on the principal that any college student, regardless of skill level, financial status, or riding experience, should have the opportunity to compete on a college equestrian team.
 IHSA offers numerous scholarship opportunities while emphasizing education, sportsmanship, and team spirit.
 IHSA  serves 400+ college and university teams across the United States and parts of Canada, with more than 8900 active riders.
 Collegiate equestrian, like Olympic equestrian competition, remains one of the only sports in the world where young women and men compete equally.
Lehigh University Press is the publishing house of Lehigh University.
 Lehigh's university press was a member of the Associated University Presses consortium; other members included Bucknell University Press, University of Delaware Press, Susquehanna University Press and Fairleigh Dickinson University Press.
 When Associated University Presses ceased most new publishing in 2010, a new distribution agreement between Lehigh University Press, Bucknell University Press, University of Delaware Press, and Fairleigh Dickinson University Press was struck with Rowman & Littlefield.
The Naimoli Family Baseball Complex is a baseball venue in Teaneck, New Jersey.
 It is home to the Fairleigh Dickinson Knights baseball team of the NCAA Division I Northeast Conference.
 The facility is named for the family of Vince Naimoli, a Fairleigh Dickinson alumnus.
 Built in 2011, the facility has a capacity of 500 spectators.
Fairleigh Dickinson University Press (FDU Press) is a publishing house under the operation and oversight of Fairleigh Dickinson University, the largest private university in New Jersey with international campuses in Vancouver, British Columbia and Wroxton, Oxfordshire.
The Institute of Traditional Judaism, also known as the Metivta or the ITJ, is the rabbinical school sponsored by the Union for Traditional Judaism.
 The Metivta trains men for the rabbinate, and also offer study programs for men and women which do not lead to ordination.
 The ITJ offers a Masters in Public Administration jointly with Fairleigh Dickinson University.
Fairleigh Dickinson University is a private, coeducational and nonsectarian university founded in 1942.
 Fairleigh Dickinson University is the first American university to own and operate an international campus and currently offers more than 100 individual degree programs to its students.
 The school has four campuses, two in New Jersey (United States), and one each in Canada and the United Kingdom.
The Fairleigh Dickinson women's basketball team represents Fairleigh Dickinson University in Women's college basketball.
 Their colors are burgundy, white, and blue.
 This mid-major team competes in the Northeast Conference.
 The Knights host opponents in the Rothman Center, which can seat up to 6,000, in Hackensack, New Jersey.
 They are coached by Peter Cinella, who is in his 8th year.
The Fairleigh Dickinson Knights refer to the 17 sports teams representing Fairleigh Dickinson University's Metropolitan campus in Teaneck & Hackensack, New Jersey.
 Fairleigh Dickinson University or (FDU) offers a variety of sports on the Division I level.
 The Women's Bowling Team has won two national titles in 2006 & 2010 respectively.
 The men's basketball team has reached the NCAA Tournament five times in the history of the program (1985, 1988, 1998, 2005, & 2016).
 The Knights compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Northeast Conference.
