"Pawn Stars" is an American reality television series that premiered on History on July 19, 2009.
 The series is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the activities at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, a 24-hour family business operated by patriarch Richard "Old Man" Harrison, his son Rick Harrison, Rick's son Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, and Corey's childhood friend, Austin "Chumlee" Russell.
Arrowhead Pawn Shop is a pawn shop and part of the Iron Pipeline.
 It was founded in 1991 and is located in Jonesboro, Georgia.
 The store was described as the most significant source outside of New York State of guns recovered by the New York Police Department in 2009.
 After a gun from the shop was used in the murders of two New York City Police Department (NYPD) officers, the "New York Times" reported that Arrowhead ranked fifth on the U.S.-wide list of legal sources of guns used in crimes.
 The newspaper quoted an anonymous federal official as stating that "[Arrowhead] were like a Crazy Eddie of gun dealers.
 They had a lot of volume and they did a lot of business."
 The Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence describes Arrowhead as a "notorious 'bad apple' gun dealer", having sold over 1720 guns that were subsequently used in crimes.
Richard Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison (born April 27, 1983) is an American businessman and reality television personality, known as a cast member of the History TV series "Pawn Stars", which documents his work at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas, which he co-owns with his father, Rick Harrison, and grandfather, Richard Benjamin Harrison.
Pawn Stars is an American reality television series, shown on History, and produced by Leftfield Pictures.
 The series is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the daily activities at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, a 24-hour family business opened in 1989 and operated by patriarch Richard "Old Man" Harrison, his son Rick Harrison, Rick's son Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, and Corey's childhood friend, Austin "Chumlee" Russell.
 The series, which became the network's highest rated show and the No. 2 reality show behind "Jersey Shore", debuted on July 26, 2009.
Richard Kevin "Rick the Spotter" Harrison (born March 22, 1965) is an American, Las Vegas-based businessman and reality television personality, best known as the co-owner of the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, as featured on the History series "Pawn Stars".
 He co-owns the pawn shop with his father, Richard Benjamin Harrison, which they opened in 1989.
 Harrison dropped out of high school to pursue his "$2,000-a-week business of selling fake Gucci bags".
Pawn Shop Chronicles, also known as Hustlers, is a 2013 crime comedy film directed by Wayne Kramer and written by Adam Minarovich.
 The film stars an ensemble cast, led by Paul Walker, Matt Dillon, Brendan Fraser, Vincent D'Onofrio, Norman Reedus, and Chi McBride.
 Centering on the events in and around a pawn shop, "Pawn Shop Chronicles" tells three overlapping stories involving items found within said pawn shop.
 This was the final film featuring Walker to be released in his lifetime.
Pawnography is an American game show broadcast by History.
 Hosted by comedian Christopher Titus and featuring "Pawn Stars" personalities Rick Harrison, Corey Harrison and Austin "Chumlee" Russell as panelists, the series features contestants answering questions for a chance to win cash and items for sale from the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop (where "Pawn Stars" is taped).
 The show premiered July 10, 2014, at 10 p.m. ET, following "Pawn Stars".
Austin Lee Russell (born September 8, 1982), better known by his stage name of Chumlee, is an American actor, businessman and reality television personality, known as a cast member on the History Channel television show "Pawn Stars", which depicts the daily business at the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas where Russell works as an employee.
 Chumlee came to work at the pawn shop five years before filming of the first season, having been a childhood friend of Corey Harrison, whose father, Rick Harrison, and grandfather, Richard Benjamin Harrison, opened the shop in 1989.
Richard Benjamin Harrison Jr., (also known by the nicknames The Old Man and The Appraiser) (born March 4, 1941), is a Las Vegas businessman and reality television personality, best known as the co-owner of the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, as featured on the History channel series "Pawn Stars".
 Harrison was the co-owner of a pawn shop with his son Rick Harrison until he suffered a stroke, causing him to retire.They opened the store together in 1989.
EZMONEY Tario Inc is an American pawn shop operator based in Austin, Texas but providing services across Mexico and Canada.
 It is a publicly traded company listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange and was the second largest pawn shop operator in the U.S.
