The Yotayotic languages are a pair of languages of the Pama–Nyungan family, Yotayota and Yabula-Yabula.
 They are not particularly close: Dixon (2002) classified them as two separate families.
Artamidae is a family of passerine birds found in Australia, the Indo-Pacific region, and Southern Asia.
 It includes 24 extant species in six genera and two subfamilies: Artaminae (with only one genus, the woodswallows) and Cracticinae (currawongs, butcherbirds, peltops and the Australian magpie).
 Artamids used to be monotypic, containing only the woodswallows, but it was expanded to include the family Cracticidae in 1994.
 Some authors, however, still treat the two as separate families.
 Some species in this family are known for their beautiful song.
 Their feeding habits vary from nectar sucking (woodswallows) to predation on small birds (pied currawong).
The Karnic languages are a group of languages of the Pama–Nyungan family.
 According to Dixon (2002), these are three separate families, but Bowern (2001) establishes regular paradigmatic connections among many of the languages, demonstrating them as a genealogical group.
 Bowern classifies them as follows:
The Leiopelmatidae are the family of New Zealand primitive frogs, belonging to the suborder Archaeobatrachia.
 The leiopelmatids' relatively primitive form indicates they have an ancient lineage.
 While some taxonomists have suggested combining the North American frogs of the genus "Ascaphus" in the family Ascaphidae with the New Zealand frogs of the genus "Leiopelma" in the Leiopelmatidae family, the current consensus is that these two groups constitute two separate families.
 The four extant species of Leiopelmatidae are only found in New Zealand.
The Borders Farm is a historic farm district at 31-38 North Road in Foster, Rhode Island.
 It includes two adjacent farms, covering nearly 200 acre of land.
 The George Phillips Farm, located at 31 North Road, includes an 18th-century house and several outbuildings dating to the 19th and early 20th centuries, as well as the foundational remnants of several older structures.
 The Allen Hill Farm, whose late-18th century house is located at 41 North Road, includes a second house adjacent to the first, as well as a carriage shed, barn, and farm shed, all of 19th-century origin with some 20th-century alterations.
 Although the two farms were long in separate families, they were acquired by the Borders family and combined into a single operation in the mid-20th century.
The Hemiphractidae are a family of frogs from South and Central America.
 Previously, this group had been classified as a subfamily (Hemiphractinae) under family Hylidae.
 More recent research classifies these genera into their own family, or sometimes into three separate families: Amphignathodontidae ("Flectonotus" and "Gastrotheca"), Cryptobatrachidae ("Cryptobatrachus" and "Stefania"), and Hemiphractidae ("Hemiphractus").
 An active question still exists as to which of these groupings is more accurate.
In his narrative, he states, "The place of my birth and the conditions under which I was born are matters over which, of course, I had no control.
 If I had, I should have altered the conditions, but I should not have changed the place; for it is a grand old city, and I have always felt proud of my citizenship."
 His mother and father were owned by separate families.
 Like many enslaved children, Williams sometimes lived in a family unit and sometimes did not; he lived in the households of both his father's and mother's owners.
 During his early childhood, his mother and older brother worked with her owners while he remained in his grandmother's care because he was too young for any practical use.
The Papaveraceae, or , are an economically important family of about 42 genera and approximately 775 known species of flowering plants in the order Ranunculales, informally known as the poppy family.
 The family is cosmopolitan, occurring in temperate and subtropical climates (mostly in the northern hemisphere), but almost unknown in the tropics.
 Most are herbaceous plants, but a few are shrubs and small trees.
 The family currently includes two groups that have been considered to be separate families: Fumariaceae and Pteridophyllaceae.
Ochnaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales.
 In the APG III system of classification of flowering plants, Ochnaceae is defined broadly, to include about 550 species, and encompasses what some taxonomists have treated as the separate families Medusagynaceae and Quiinaceae.
 In a phylogenetic study that was published in 2014, Ochnaceae was recognized in the broad sense, but two works published after APG III have accepted the small families Medusagynaceae and Quiinaceae.
 These have not been accepted by APG IV (2016).
Vultocinus anfractus is a species of crab, the only species in the family Vultocinidae.
 It has been found around the Philippines, Vanuatu and New Caledonia, and lives on driftwood.
 Its discovery forced a reappraisal of the relationships within the superfamily Goneplacoidea, and to the recognition of Mathildellidae, Conleyidae and Progeryonidae as separate families.
