The Deal (; lit.
 "Murder Request") is a 2015 South Korean crime thriller film directed by Son Yong-ho.
Office (오피스 ) is 2015 South Korean slasher-thriller film directed by Hong Won-chan and starring Go Ah-sung and Park Sung-woong.
 It is about a detective trying to figure out why a mild-mannered man has killed his family and is targeting his co-workers.
 The film premiered at the Midnight Screenings section of the 2015 Cannes Film Festival.
Deep Trap () (previously known as Exchange) is a 2015 South Korean crime thriller film starring Ma Dong-seok, Jo Han-sun and Kim Min-kyung, and directed by Kwon Hyung-jin.
 Based on an actual SNS crime, it depicts the terror experienced by a married couple while on a trip to an isolated island.
 It won Best Film Award in the Orient Express section at the Fantasporto in 2016.
Rainbow Eyes () is a 2007 South Korean crime thriller film directed by Yang Yun-ho.
 The story follows a police inspector who discovers that his friend is now a serial killer.The movie was remade into a thailand thriller named 'Cheun'.
Fatal Intuition (; lit.
 "It's Him") is a 2015 South Korean crime thriller film written and directed by Yun Jun-hyeong.
The Swindlers is an upcoming South Korean crime drama film directed by Jang Chang-won.
 The film stars Hyun Bin, Yoo Ji-tae, Bae Seong-woo, Park Sung-woong, Nana and Ahn Se-ha.
Hidden Identity () is a 2015 South Korean television series starring Kim Bum, Park Sung-woong, Yoon So-yi and Lee Won-jong.
 It aired on tvN from June 16 to August 4, 2015 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 23:00 for 16 episodes.
The Boys Who Cried Wolf (), also known as The Shepherd, is a 2015 South Korean crime thriller drama film.
 Written and directed by Kim Jin-hwang in his first feature-length for his Korean Academy of Film Arts (KAFA)'s final year undergraduate film project, it depicts how a former stage actor becomes involved in a murder case.
Park Sung-woong (born January 9, 1973) is a South Korean actor.
 Following his acting debut in "No. 3" in 1997, Park has starred in several movies and television series, notably as a gangster in "New World" (2013) and a serial killer in "The Deal" (2015).
A Violent Prosecutor is a 2016 South Korean crime film directed by Lee Il-hyung, produced by Guk Su Ran and starring Hwang Jung-min, Kang Dong-won, Lee Sung-min and Park Sung-woong.
 It was released in South Korea on February 3, 2016 by Showbox.
