"Thunder Kiss '65" is the only official single from the album "" by White Zombie.
 The song can also be found on Rob Zombie's "Past, Present & Future" and the greatest hits album "The Best of Rob Zombie".
Kazu Makino (Japanese: カズ牧野; July 2, 1964) is a Japanese vocalist, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist known for her work as vocalist and guitarist in the New York-based alternative rock band Blonde Redhead.
 Since forming Blonde Redhead in 1993 with twin brothers Simone and Amedeo Pace, Makino has released nine studio albums with the band.
Hellbilly Deluxe (released with the subtitle 13 Tales of Cadaverous Cavorting Inside the Spookshow International) is the solo debut studio album by American musician and filmmaker Rob Zombie.
 The album serves as his first release outside of the band White Zombie, with whom he released two multi-platinum studio albums.
 "Hellbilly Deluxe" was released on August 25, 1998 through Geffen Records.
 Musically, the project portrays Zombie's love for classic horror films with heavy metal and electronic music.
 The album's lyrics speak of murder, chaos, and supernatural forces.
 The majority of "Hellbilly Deluxe" was recorded in California, and was produced by both Zombie and Scott Humphrey; Zombie is credited as the sole writer on all of the songs.
"Super-Charger Heaven" (sometimes referred to as "Devil Man" due to its chorus) is the third and final single off White Zombie's 1995 studio album, "".
 The song can also be found on Rob Zombie's "Past, Present & Future", the greatest hits album "The Best of Rob Zombie", and a remix can be found on "Supersexy Swingin' Sounds".
 The artwork for the single contains the Japanese superhero Devilman, which is also referenced in the chorus of the song.
John Joseph Tempesta (born September 26, 1964 in New York City) is the drummer of The Cult.
 He also played with several bands including: Exodus, Testament and White Zombie.
 He worked with former White Zombie singer Rob Zombie as a solo artist and served as drum technician for Charlie Benante, drummer for the heavy metal band Anthrax earlier in his career.
 He is referenced in the band's rendition of "Friggin' in the Riggin'" (from their 1989 EP "Penikufesin"), with lyrics about the band's crew members.
The discography of American musician, film director, screenwriter, and film producer Rob Zombie consists of six studio albums, three compilation albums, two remix albums, two live albums, one video album, 14 singles, and eight promotional singles.
 Zombie first rose to fame as a member of the heavy metal band White Zombie, with whom he released four studio albums; the group disbanded in 1998.
 Opting to continue making music as a solo artist, Zombie began working on his debut solo studio album that would come to be known as "Hellbilly Deluxe: 13 Tales of Cadaverous Cavorting Inside the Spookshow International" (1998).
 The project became a commercial success for Zombie, entering the top five of the "Billboard" 200 in the United States and selling over three million copies worldwide.
 The album spawned three singles, all of which were used extensively in films and video games following their release.
 Zombie released remixed versions of songs from his debut studio album on "American Made Music to Strip By" (1999), which peaked inside the top forty in the United States.
Hellbilly Deluxe 2 (released with the subtitle Noble Jackals, Penny Dreadfuls and the Systematic Dehumanization of Cool) is the fourth solo studio album by former White Zombie frontman Rob Zombie.
 The album is a sequel to Rob Zombie's debut album "Hellbilly Deluxe".
 It was released on February 2, 2010, through Roadrunner Records.
Mondo Sex Head is a remix album by Rob Zombie, containing remixes of the tracks of various past albums both by Zombie and his former band White Zombie.
 It was curated and executive produced by Jason Bentley.
 The original cover art depicted Zombie's wife Sheri Moon Zombie.
 It caused controversy and was replaced by the image of a cat.
 Rob Zombie explained, "I never thought it would be a problem since it seemed tame to me... but it was.
 No one would carry the CD.
 Anything with death and violence is totally fine, but anything with sex, forget about it.
 So instead of censoring that cover and ruining it, I just removed the ass shot and replaced it with a pussy shot."
 Though the vinyl release remained unchanged with the original cover art.
Rob Zombie (born Robert Bartleh Cummings; January 12, 1965) is an American musician, filmmaker and screenwriter.
 Zombie rose to fame as a founding member of the heavy metal band White Zombie, releasing four studio albums with the band.
 He is the older brother of Spider One, lead vocalist for American rock band Powerman 5000.
"More Human than Human" is the first official single from the "" album by metal band White Zombie.
 The song can also be found on Rob Zombie's "Past, Present & Future", the greatest hits album "The Best of Rob Zombie", and a remix is included on "Supersexy Swingin' Sounds".
