Zootopia is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the 55th Disney animated feature film.
 The film was directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore, co-directed by Jared Bush, and stars the voices of Ginnifer Goodwin, Jason Bateman, Idris Elba, Jenny Slate, Nate Torrence, Bonnie Hunt, Don Lake, Tommy Chong, J. K. Simmons, Octavia Spencer, Alan Tudyk, and Shakira.
 The film details the unlikely partnership between a rabbit police officer and a red fox con artist as they uncover a conspiracy involving the disappearance of savage predator inhabitants of a mammalian metropolis.
Cars is a 2006 American computer-animated comedy-adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 Directed and co-written by John Lasseter, it is Pixar's final independently-produced motion picture before its purchase by Disney in May 2006.
 Set in a world populated entirely by anthropomorphic cars and other vehicles, the film stars the voices of Owen Wilson, Paul Newman (in his final acting role), Bonnie Hunt, Larry the Cable Guy, Tony Shalhoub, Cheech Marin, Michael Wallis, George Carlin, Paul Dooley, Jenifer Lewis, Guido Quaroni, Michael Keaton, Katherine Helmond and John Ratzenberger.
 Race car drivers Dale Earnhardt, Jr., Mario Andretti, Michael Schumacher and car enthusiast Jay Leno (as "Jay Limo") voice themselves.
Smurfs: The Lost Village is a 2017 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film produced by Sony Pictures Animation and The Kerner Entertainment Company, with animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks, for Columbia Pictures.
 Sony, LStar Capital and Wanda Pictures co-financed the film.
 It is based on "The Smurfs" comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo, and is a reboot unrelated to Sony's previous live-action/animated films based on the series.
 It was written by Stacey Harman and Pamela Ribon and directed by Kelly Asbury, and stars the voices of Demi Lovato, Rainn Wilson, Joe Manganiello, Mandy Patinkin, Jack McBrayer, Danny Pudi, Michelle Rodriguez, Ellie Kemper, Ariel Winter, Meghan Trainor, Jake Johnson and Julia Roberts.
 In the film, a mysterious map prompts Smurfette, Brainy, Clumsy and Hefty to find a lost village before Gargamel does.
Home is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated science fiction comedy-adventure film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 It is loosely based on Adam Rex's 2007 children's book "The True Meaning of Smekday" and starring the voices of Jim Parsons, Rihanna, Steve Martin, Jennifer Lopez, and Matt Jones.
 Tim Johnson is the director of the film, Chris Jenkins and Suzanne Buirgy are its producers, and the screenplay is by Tom J. Astle and Matt Ember.
 The story takes place on planet Earth, where an alien race called the Boov invade the planet.
 However, a girl named Gratuity "Tip" Tucci manages to avoid capture, and goes on the run with Oh, a fugitive Boov.
Planes: Fire & Rescue is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film.
 It is a sequel to the 2013 film "Planes", a spin-off of Pixar's "Cars" franchise.
 Produced by DisneyToon Studios, it was theatrically released by Walt Disney Pictures on July 18, 2014.
 Dane Cook, Stacy Keach, Brad Garrett, Teri Hatcher, Danny Mann, and Cedric the Entertainer reprised their roles of Dusty Crophopper, Skipper, Chug, Dottie, Sparky, and Leadbottom, respectively.
 New cast members included Hal Holbrook, Julie Bowen, Ed Harris, Regina King, Wes Studi, and Dale Dye.
Colm J. Meaney ( ; Irish: "Colm Ó Maonaigh"; born 30 May 1953) is an Irish actor known for playing Miles O'Brien in "" and "".
 He has guest-starred on many TV shows from "Law & Order" to "The Simpsons", and during its run, starred as Thomas Durant on "Hell on Wheels".
Up is a 2009 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 Directed by Pete Docter, the film centers on an elderly widower named Carl Fredricksen (Ed Asner) and an earnest young "Wilderness Explorer" (a fictional youth group similar to the Boy Scouts) named Russell (Jordan Nagai).
 By tying thousands of balloons to his home, Carl sets out to fulfill his dream to see the wilds of South America and complete a promise made to his late wife, Ellie.
 The film was co-directed by Bob Peterson, with music composed by Michael Giacchino.
In the Shade of Trees (Vietnamese: "Dưới bóng cây" ) is a 2011 Vietnamese computer-animated comedy-adventure film produced by Colory Animation Studio.
Ralph Breaks the Internet: Wreck-It Ralph 2 is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film that is being produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios.
 It will be the sequel to 2012's "Wreck-It Ralph", and is scheduled to be released on November 21, 2018 by Walt Disney Pictures.
Norm of the North is a 2016 American-Indian-Irish computer-animated comedy-adventure film directed by Trevor Wall and written by Daniel R. Altiere, Steven M. Altiere, and Malcolm T. Goldman.
 It features the voices of Rob Schneider as the title character, Heather Graham, Ken Jeong, Colm Meaney, Loretta Devine, Gabriel Iglesias, Michael McElhatton, and Bill Nighy.
 The UK version features James Corden.
 It was co-produced by Assemblage Entertainment, Splash Entertainment and Telegael, and distributed by Lionsgate.
