Boortsog, boorsoq, bauyrsaq, or baursak (Bashkir: бауырһаҡ , Kazakh: бауырсақ ] , Kyrgyz: боорсок ] , Mongolian: боорцог ] , Russian: баурсак , Tatar: бавырсак , "bawırsaq " , Uzbek: "bog'irsoq" ] , Tajik: бусроқ ] , Turkish: "pişi, bişi, tuzlu lokma, halka" , Turkmen: pişme ) is a type of fried dough food found in the cuisines of Central Asia, Idel-Ural, Mongolia and the Middle East.
 It is shaped into either triangles or sometimes spheres.
 The dough consists of flour, yeast, milk, eggs, margarine, salt, sugar, and fat.
 Tajik boortsog are often decorated with a criss-cross pattern by pressing the bottom of a small strainer on the dough before it is fried.
Captain Henry Hall was an American from Dennis, Massachusetts who fought in the American Revolutionary War, who later was the first to successfully cultivate cranberries.
John Adlum (April 29, 1759 – March 14, 1836) was a pioneering American viticulturalist who was the first to cultivate the Catawba grape.
 He is known as "the father of American viticulture" (grape-growing).
 He also served in the American Revolutionary War; was a well-known surveyor; was one of the first associate judges in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania; and served in the United States Army in the War of 1812.
This list of fossils with consumulites contains fossil specimens discovered to contain the preserved remains of food that the deceased animal had ingested during life.
 Such consumulites are a type of bromalite, the broader term applied to fossilized material ingested by an animal including waste expelled from the body like feces (coprolites) and vomit (regurgitalites).
 Consumulites are divided into three categories food in the animal's mouth when it died (oralites), food in the animal's throat when it died (esophagolites), partially digested stomach contents (gastrolites, not to be confused with gastro"liths"), and food found in the animal's intestinal tract (cololites).
Hall Caine Airport was an airfield on the Isle of Man which was located near Ramsey.
 It was named after the author Sir Thomas Henry Hall Caine CH, KBE by his sons Gordon Hall Caine and Derwent Hall Caine, who were the project initiators and Hall Caine Airport flourished for a short period prior to the outbreak of the Second World War.
 From 1935 to 1937 it handled domestic scheduled passenger flights to English, Scottish and Irish airports.
 By 1937 it had fallen into disuse, primarily due to its location.
Karachi cuisine (Urdu: کراچی پکوان‎ ) refers to the food found mainly in the city of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
 The cuisine of Karachi is strongly influenced by the city's Urdu speaking Muslims, also known as Muhajir population, who came from northern India and settled in Karachi after the independence of Pakistan in 1947.
 Most Urdu speaking Muslims have traditionally been based in Karachi, hence the city is known for Muhajir tastes in its cuisine.
 Urdu speaking Muslims maintained their old established culinary traditions, including variety of dishes and beverages.
Historic Camden Revolutionary War Site, is a national historic district and open-air museum located in Camden, Kershaw County, South Carolina.
 Roughly 40 minutes away from Columbia, South Carolina the state capitol it is one of the states largest tourist attractions.
 The 107-acre site is also known as Historic Camden Revolutionary War Restoration and as the British Revolutionary War Fortifications.
 Camden contains preserved structures and grounds that are representative of the Southern theater of the American Revolutionary War.
 The site is managed by a consortium of private donors and local governments, the area is also an affiliated unit of the National Park Service.
Vice-Admiral Robert Plampin (1762 – 14 February 1834), was a British Royal Navy officer during the late 18th and early 19th centuries, serving in the American Revolutionary War, the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars, but best known for his time as commander of the British colony of Saint Helena in the South Atlantic during the period when former Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte was imprisoned there.
 Born into a Navy family, Plampin went to sea at age 13 and fought throughout the American Revolutionary War, based principally in the Caribbean Sea.
 During the French Revolutionary Wars, Plampin served in a number of ships with mixed success, once being involved in a shipwreck and twice serving ashore during sieges.
 After the Peace of Amiens, Plampin took command of the ship of the line HMS "Powerful" and operated successfully in the Atlantic and the Indian Ocean.
 In 1816, following the defeat and capture of the French Emperor, Plampin was placed in command of the squadron at the Cape of Good Hope, which also had responsibility for Saint Helena, which Plampin regularly visited and had numerous conversations with Napoleon.
Blanket bog or blanket mire, also known as featherbed bog, is an area of peatland, forming where there is a climate of high rainfall and a low level of evapotranspiration, allowing peat to develop not only in wet hollows but over large expanses of undulating ground.
 The blanketing of the ground with a variable depth of peat gives the habitat type its name.
 Blanket bogs are found extensively throughout the northern hemisphere - well-studied examples are found in Ireland and Britain, but vast areas of the Russian and North American tundra also qualify as blanket bogs.
Carnival Cravings (also known as Carnival Cravings with Anthony Anderson) is an American television series on Food Network about unique food found at American carnivals.
 The series features actor/host Anthony Anderson as he samples culinary creations only available at carnivals, fairs and festivals around the country.
 The show premiered on August 12, 2015 and airs on Wednesdays at 10:00 p.m. EDT.
