He, She and It (published under the title Body of Glass outside the USA) is a cyberpunk novel by Marge Piercy published in 1991.
 It won the Arthur C. Clarke Award for Best Science Fiction novel in 1993.
 The novel examines gender roles, human identity and AI, political economy, environmentalism, love, and storytelling through a suspenseful plot, set in a post-apocalyptic America, of the romance between a human woman and the cyborg created to protect her community from corporate raiders.
Leviathan was a New Left radical underground newspaper published in a tabloid newspaper format and distributed through the underground press network in the US in the years 1969-1970.
 Fairly serious in content with a focus on radical organizing issues, it was loosely aligned with the SDS movement.
 The first issue was dated March, 1969, with two editorial offices in New York, where Carol Brightman, Beverly Leman, and Kathy McAfee were listed on the first masthead, later to be joined by a number of others including Marge Piercy and Sol Yurick; and San Francisco, where the collective included Peter Booth Wiley, Carole Deutch, Danny Beagle, Bob Gavriner, Al Haber, Bruce Nelson, and David Wellman.
 Part of the inspiration for the paper was a desire to fill the gap created by the demise of the influential New Left organ "Studies on the Left", and the core group included people from the antiwar newsletter "Viet Report".
Going Down Fast (ISBN  ) is a 1969 novel by Marge Piercy.
 It tells the story of Anna, a woman living with multiple losses; Rowley, a blue-eyed soul singer; Leon, an underground film-maker; and Caroline, a woman with a dark secret.
 They all live in an area of an unnamed city where a swathe of blocks are being demolished to make way for a university.
Barbie Doll is a narrative poem written by American writer, novelist, and social activist Marge Piercy.
 It was published in 1971, during the time of second-wave feminism.
 It is often noted for its message of how a patriarchal society puts expectations and pressures on women, partly through gender role stereotyping.
 It tells a story about a girl who dies trying to meet the unrealistic expectations that society holds for her.
 It starts off talking about a little girl, and then continues chronologically through the girl’s life.
 Using strong diction, purposeful syntax, and various rhetorical devices, the poem hits on prominent feminist issues such as gender stereotypes, sexism, and the effect of a patriarchal society.
Ivan E. Coyote (born August 11, 1969 in Whitehorse, Yukon) is a Canadian spoken word performer, writer, and LGBT advocate.
 Coyote has won many accolades for their collections of short stories, novels, and films.
 Coyote also visits schools to tell stories and give writing workshops.
 The CBC has called Coyote a “gender-bending author who loves telling stories and performing in front of a live audience.”
 Coyote is non-binary and uses "singular they" pronouns.
 Many of Coyote’s stories are about gender, identity, and social justice.
 Some of their favorite books are "Women on the Edge of Time" by Marge Piercy and "The Chronology of Water" by Lidia Yuknavitch.
 Coyote currently resides in Vancouver, BC.
December is an independent nonprofit literary magazine that was founded in 1958.
 The journal was part of both the little magazine and the small press movements of the 1950s and was revived in 2012.
 "December" publishes original prose, poetry, and art submitted by new writers and artists, as well as previously unpublished work by distinguished literary figures.
 Former and current contributors include Joyce Carol Oates, James Wright, Marvin Bell, Marge Piercy, and Raymond Carver.
 December's mission is to promote unheralded writers and artists, celebrate fresh work from more seasoned voices, and advocate for its contributors in local literary and art communities.
Marge Piercy (born March 31, 1936) is an American poet, novelist, and social activist.
 Her work includes "Woman on the Edge of Time"; "He, She and It", which won the 1993 Arthur C. Clarke Award; and "Gone to Soldiers", a New York Times Best Seller and sweeping historical novel set during World War II.
Richard Aldington (8 July 1892 – 27 July 1962), born Edward Godfree Aldington, was an English writer and poet.
Vida is a 1980 novel by Marge Piercy.
Woman on the Edge of Time (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1976) is a novel by Marge Piercy.
 It is considered a classic of utopian "speculative" science fiction as well as a feminist classic.
