The Academy Honorary Award – instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards (previously called the Special Award, which was first presented in early 1929) – is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards, although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award.
 Unless otherwise specified, Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards.
 Unlike the Special Achievement Award instituted in 1972 (and discontinued in 1995), those on whom the Academy confers its Honorary Award do not have to meet "the Academy's eligibility year and deadline requirements."
 Like the Special Achievement Award, the Special Award and Honorary Award have been used to reward significant achievements of the year that did not fit in existing categories, subsequently leading the Academy to establish several new categories, and to honor exceptional career achievements, contributions to the motion picture industry, and service to the Academy.
 The Academy Honorary Award is often awarded in preference to those with noted achievements in motion pictures who have nevertheless never won an Academy Award.
 Thus, many of its recipients are Classic Hollywood stars, such as Lillian Gish, Barbara Stanwyck, Kirk Douglas, and Lauren Bacall.
Stuart Harold "2-D" Pot is a fictional character who is a musician and member of the British virtual band, Gorillaz.
 He provides the lead vocals and plays the keyboard for the band.
 2-D's singing voice is provided by Blur frontman Damon Albarn on Gorillaz' recordings and performances, while in additional material, his speaking voice is provided by actor Nelson De Freitas in various Gorillaz direct-to-video projects such as "" and "".
 In 2017, Kevin Bishop was cast as the new speaking voice of 2-D.
 He was created by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett.
Consolidated Film Industries was a film laboratory and film processing company and was one of the leading film laboratories in the Los Angeles area for many decades.
 CFI processed negatives and made prints for motion pictures and television.
 The company or its employees received many Academy Awards for scientific or technical achievements.
Zachary Throne (born April 3, 1967 in Hollywood, California) is an American actor and musician who has appeared in a wide number of television, film and stage productions and on numerous rock, pop and soundtrack albums.
 Throne is a self-taught, musician who sings, plays guitar, bass, drums, and piano – and is self-taught on all instruments.
 He is the son of Malachi Throne and Judith Merians and is the brother of Joshua Throne.
 He earned a Gold record in 1992 for his work on the soundtrack album to the television series "The Heights", on which he performed guitars, bass, piano and vocals as well as co-starred in the series.
 The album yielded a hit single, "How Do You Talk To An Angel" (on which Zachary performed on) that was #1 on "Billboard" for two weeks in November 1992.
 As an actor, Zachary is best known for playing the recurring role of "Howard", the radio station manager/drug dealer on "Beverly Hills 90210" and for playing "Danny" on the FOX series, "Party Of Five".
 As a singer, Zachary has sung on many TV and radio jingles.
 He provided the singing voice for the character, "Mark Winkle" on the television series, "California Dreams" as well as the singing voice for the character, "Greg Brady" in the films, "The Brady Bunch Movie" and "A Very Brady Sequel".
 Currently, he resides in Las Vegas, Nevada where he performs in many shows.
 From 2012-2014, he was the lead singer/lead guitar player/bass player for the Sin City Sinners, a group that also featured former Faster Pussycat guitarist and co-founder Brent Muscat as well as Slash bass player, Todd Kerns.
 .
 With the group, he recorded two albums, "DIVEBAR Days Revisited" and "A Sinners Christmas 2", both released in 2013.
Scar is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 32nd animated feature film "The Lion King" (1994).
 The character is voiced by English actor Jeremy Irons, while his singing voice is provided by both Irons and American actor Jim Cummings, the latter of whom was hired to replace Irons when the former damaged his singing voice.
 Subsequently, Scar makes minor appearances in the film's sequel " "(1998) and "The Lion King 1½ "(2004), in both of which he is voiced entirely by Cummings, as well as appearing in the Broadway musical adaptation of the film, in which the role of Scar was originated by American actor John Vickery.
"Looking Through Your Eyes" is the lead single for the by American country pop recording artist LeAnn Rimes.
 The song placed at number four on the Adult Contemporary charts, number 18 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, and number 38 in the UK.
 The song was also featured on Rimes' album "Sittin' on Top of the World".
 The song was performed on screen as a duet by The Corrs with Bryan White.
 Andrea Corr provided the singing voice for the female lead of Kayley and Bryan White provided the singing voice for the male lead of Garrett.
 It was also performed by David Foster as an instrumental on the soundtrack.
Andrea Robinson is an American singer and voice actress.
 She has been a chorus member and singing voice for other actresses in many films (animated and live action).
 She also was the opening act for Burt Bacharach.
 Her most prominent job as a singing voice of another actress is Sister Mary Robert (Wendy Makkena) in "Sister Act".
 Her most prominent role in animation is the singing voice of Queen Athena in "."
The Skydivers is a 1963 film produced by Anthony Cardoza and written and directed by Coleman Francis, who together also made The Beast of Yucca Flats.
 It stars actress Kevin Casey as Beth, along with, also from "The Beast of Yucca Flats", Eric Tomlin as Joe, Anthony Cardoza as Harry, and Marcia Knight as Suzy.
 The film contains performances by influential Nashville guitarist Jimmy Bryant.
Wesley Webb West (January 25, 1924 – November 15, 2003), better known as Speedy West, was an American pedal steel guitarist and record producer.
 He frequently played with Jimmy Bryant, both in their own duo and as part of the regular Capitol Records backing band for Tennessee Ernie Ford and many others.
 He also played on Loretta Lynn's first single.
A voice type is a particular human singing voice identified as having certain qualities or characteristics of vocal range, vocal weight, tessitura, vocal timbre, and vocal transition points ("passaggio"), such as breaks and lifts within the voice.
 Other considerations are physical characteristics, speech level, scientific testing, and vocal register.
 A singer's voice type is identified by a process known as voice classification, by which the human voice is evaluated and thereby designated into a particular voice type.
 The discipline of voice classification developed within European classical music and is not generally applicable to other forms of singing.
 Voice classification is often used within opera to associate possible roles with potential voices.
 Several different voice classification systems are available to identify voice types, including the German "Fach" system and the choral music system among many others; no system is universally applied or accepted.
