Corporal is a military rank in use in some form by many militaries and by some police forces or other uniformed organizations.
 Within NATO, each member nation's corresponding military rank of corporal is combined under the NATO-standard rank scale code OR-4.
 However, there are often differences in how each nation (or service in each nation) employs corporals.
 Some militaries don't have corporals, but may instead have a Junior Sergeant.
Myron F. Diduryk (July 15, 1938 to April 24, 1970) was a Ukrainian-American United States Army Major, who played a key role as an infantry company commander in the Battle of Ia Drang, the first major battle of the Vietnam War.
 His exploits in that battle were described by Hal Moore in, "We Were Soldiers Once and Young".
 Moore said that Diduryk was, “… the finest battlefield company commander I had ever seen, bar none.”
 Diduryk was killed in action on his second tour in Vietnam.
Chŏnsa is the first level military rank of North Korea.
 It is a combined title held by soldiers, airman, and seaman equivalent to an E-1 on most western military rank scales.
Generalissimo of the Soviet Union (Russian: Генералиссимус Советского Союза ; "Generalissimus Sovétskogo Soyuza") was a proposed military rank created on 27 June 1945, following the tradition of the Imperial Russian Army.
 It was granted to Joseph Stalin following World War II; however, Stalin refused to officially approve the rank.
 It would have been the highest military rank in the Soviet Union.
Field marshal (or field-marshal, abbreviated as FM) ( , ) is a very senior military rank, ordinarily senior to the general officer ranks.
 Usually it is the highest rank in an army, and when it is, few (if any) persons are appointed to it.
 It is considered as a five-star rank (OF-10) in modern-day armed forces in many countries.
 Promotion to the rank of field marshal in many countries historically required extraordinary military achievement by a general (a wartime victory).
 However, the rank has also been used as a divisional command rank and also as a brigade command rank.
 Examples of the different uses of the rank include Austria-Hungary, Prussia and Germany for an extraordinary achievement; Spain and Mexico for a divisional command (Spanish: "mariscal de campo" ); and France, Portugal and Brazil for a brigade command (French: "maréchal de camp" , Portuguese: "marechal de campo" ).
Podporucznik (literally "sub-porucznik") is a military rank of the Polish Army, roughly equivalent to the military rank of the Second Lieutenant in the armed forces of the English-speaking countries.
 The rank of "Podporucznik" is awarded by the office of the President of Poland to graduates of the Tadeusz Kościuszko Land Forces Military Academy in Wrocław.
Admiral ("admiraal") is theoretically the highest possible military rank in the Royal Netherlands Navy ("Koninklijke Marine"), which is comparable to the five-star rank of fleet admiral in other navies like the US Navy.
 The rank of admiral is still described in the military protocols of the Dutch navy, but at present it is not used as an active rank.
Löjtnant (from French "lieutenant") is a Swedish and Finnish military rank (in Finnish, luutnantti).
 In Sweden, it is a Swedish professional, reserve and conscripted military rank, immediately above Fänrik and just below kapten.
The Lee–Lin rivalry is between two legendary badminton players, Datuk Wira Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia and Lin Dan of China.
 The rivalry is considered to be one of, if not, the greatest rivalry in badminton history.
 More often than not, the dominance of the two legendary shuttlers have been compared to that of tennis greats Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal in tennis.
 They have played a total of 38 times, and Lin Dan leads their rivalry 26–12.
 Lee Chong Wei and Lin Dan are by far the two of the most dominant players across three generations and many regard Lin Dan and Lee Chong Wei as the 2 greatest badminton players of all time.
 In their homeland, each hold a military rank, with Lee a Commander (Honorary) of the Royal Malaysian Navy Volunteer Reserve Unit and Lin a retired Lieutenant-Colonel in the People's Liberation Army having being promoted from the ranks of Lieutenant-Commander and Major respectively, meaning they have the same seniority in terms of military rank.
 They have contested in many major tournament finals and are currently the only two badminton singles players who have contested in two Olympic finals where Lin Dan won both of the time.
 They have also contested two BWF World Championships finals and one Asian Games final where all matches were very close hard fought 3 setters and won by Lin Dan.
 There 2011 World Badminton Championship match widely touted as one of the greatest badminton matches of all the time.
 In the semi-finals of the 2016 Rio Olympics, most possibly the last Olympic Games of both athletes' careers, Lee Chong Wei won against Lin Dan, for the first time on the Olympic stage, making Lee the second shuttler in any discipline of the sport in history to reach 3 consecutive finals after Fu Haifeng who had achieved the feat a few hours earlier in the men doubles.
 The two players exchanged a special moment in their rivalry and exchanged shirts as they exited the court.
 The 2016 Rio Games marks an end in the badminton era dominated by Lee and Lin.
 Nevertheless, the pair are good friends off court, having invited one another to each other's wedding and sharing a mutual love for fast cars and watches.
 Among the cars that Lee owns include a crystal grey Bentley Continental GT, a white Audi R8, a white Ferrari F430, a grey Nissan Skyline GTR, Range Rover Evoque, yellow Lamborghini Aventador and a BMW X6 besides the cars given to him by national automaker Proton.
 Lin, on the other hand, has a Porsche Panamera, a grey Aston Martin DBS and also a black Nissan Skyline GTR among his vast collection of supercars.
Generaloberst, in English Colonel General, was, in Germany and Austria-Hungary—the German "Reichswehr" and "Wehrmacht", the Austro-Hungarian Common Army, and the East German National People's Army, as well as the respective police services—the second highest general officer rank, ranking above full general but below general field marshal.
 It was equivalent to "Generaladmiral" in the "Kriegsmarine" until 1945, or to Flottenadmiral in the "Volksmarine" until 1990.
 The rank was the highest ordinary military rank and the highest military rank awarded in peacetime; the higher rank of general field marshal was only awarded in wartime by the head of state.
 In general, a Generaloberst had the same privileges as a general field marshal.
