The Ben Maller Show is a sports radio talk show that currently airs on Fox Sports Radio during the hours of 2:00 AM to 6:00 AM ET that is hosted by the Legendary Ben Maller.
 The current edition of the Ben Maller Show debuted on January 6, 2014, after the announcement of a shake-up in the on-air broadcasting lineup.
 It was announced that with JT The Brick's promotion, the supporting cast of his former slot would be staying on the time slot and thus joining Maller.
 The supporting cast consists of Eddie Garcia (update anchor/sidekick), Justin Cooper (Coopa-loop) (executive producer) and Danny G. (technical producer).
 Maller's previous producer Justin Cooper would be staying with Maller's old slot and thus working with Brian Noe and "The Noe Show" which currently airs in Maller's time slot during the weekend.
The eighth series of "The Only Way Is Essex", a British semi-reality television programme, began airing on 24 February 2013 on ITV2.
 The series consisted of 12 episodes.
 Series 8 marked the first series not to feature Lydia Bright, after her departure from the series in December 2012.
 The series also saw the departure of numerous supporting cast members and introduced new supporting cast members.
The following is a list of characters who appear in the eighth series of the BBC school drama "Waterloo Road", in order of appearance.
 The Eighth Series consists of Thirty Episodes, first broadcast from 23 August 2012 to 4 July 2013.
 New Main Cast Members from Episode One include Head of English (later Head Teacher) Christine Mulgrew and History Teacher Audrey McFall, with Maggie Croft (later Budgen) and Lorraine Donnegan also promoted to the Main Cast.
 New Pupil Characters from Episode One include Christine's son Connor Mulgrew, Imogen Stewart, Jade Fleming, Lula Tsibi, Rhiannon Salt and Angus Hancock.
 Head of rival school Havelock High Gerald Findlay also appears in the first five episodes.
 Episode four sees the first of several appearances of Imogen's mother Sally Stewart; Michael Byrne's father Billy debuts in the same episode, and appears until his death in Episode Ten.
 Pupil Liberty Gordon first appears in Episode Five, and Kevin Skelton (later Chalk) also joins the supporting cast in Episode Eight.
 Lorraine's sister Sonya Donnegan joins the main cast as School Secretary from Episode Nine.
 Episode Eleven sees the Barry family, consisting of mother Carol and her children Barry, Dynasty and Kacey all join the supporting cast, with pupil Jack MacAllister also debuting in the same episode.
 Towards the end of the series, supporting characters of Maintenance Assistant Ndale Kayuni, Dynasty's former boyfriend Steve-O Malone and Acting Head of Science Esther Fairclough all appear.
 Angus Deayton and Richard Mylan join the cast as Head of Modern Languages George Windsor and Deputy Head Simon Lowsley in episodes Twenty-Seven and Twenty-Nine respectively.
 Recurring Character Robert Bain, Head of Greenock Education makes his first appearance in episode Twenty-Seven, and wife of George Windsor, Princess first appears in episode Twenty-Nine.
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks (born July 9, 1956) is an American actor and filmmaker.
 He is known for his various comedic and dramatic film roles, including "Splash" (1984), "Big" (1988), "Turner & Hooch" (1989), "A League of Their Own" (1992), "Sleepless in Seattle" (1993), "Philadelphia" (1993), "Forrest Gump" (1994), "Apollo 13" (1995), "Saving Private Ryan" (1998), "You've Got Mail" (1998), "The Green Mile" (1999), "Cast Away" (2000), "Road to Perdition" (2002), and "The Da Vinci Code" (2006), as well as for his voice work in the animated films "The Polar Express" (2004) and the "Toy Story" series.
The following is a list of characters who first appear in the sixth series of the BBC school drama "Waterloo Road", in order of first appearance.
 The sixth series consists of twenty episodes, first broadcast from 1 September 2010 to 6 April 2011.
 The series opens with the introduction of new head teacher Karen Fisher; other additions to the main cast include Karen's husband Charlie, head of Spanish Francesca Montoya and geography teacher Marcus Kirby, as well as returning character Janeece Bryant.
 The Fishers' children Bex Fisher, Jess and Harry, Marcus' children Jonah and Ruth, and Ronan Burley all join the supporting cast as pupils from episode one, alongside Vicky MacDonald who returns to the series in a regular role.
 Episode eleven sees head of pastoral care Adanna Lawal join the main cast, and pupils Kyle Stack and Nate Gurney make their first appearances in the same episode.
Gabriella Mary "Gaby" Hoffmann (born January 8, 1982) is an American film and television actress best known for her roles on "Sleepless in Seattle," "Transparent" and "Girls",<ref name="Vulture-Girls/Trans-2014"> </ref> which garnered her nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2015, respectively.
 Additionally, she is remembered as a child actress from the films "Field of Dreams", "Uncle Buck", " Now and Then", and " Volcano".
Sleepless in Seattle is a 1993 American romantic comedy-drama film directed and co-written by Nora Ephron, based on a story by Jeff Arch.
 It stars Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan, alongside a supporting cast featuring Bill Pullman, Ross Malinger, Rob Reiner, Rosie O'Donnell, Gaby Hoffmann, Victor Garber, and Rita Wilson.
 The film was a critical and commercial success, grossing over $220 million worldwide.
The High and the Mighty is a 1954 "WarnerColor" American "disaster" film in CinemaScope directed by William A. Wellman and written by Ernest K. Gann who also wrote the 1953 novel on which his screenplay was based.
 The film's cast was headlined by John Wayne, who was also the project's co-producer.
 Composer Dimitri Tiomkin won an Academy Award for his original score while his title song for the film also was nominated for an Oscar (although the title song did not actually appear in release prints nor in the recent restoration of the film).
 The film received mostly positive reviews and grossed $8.5 million in its theatrical release.
 The supporting cast includes Claire Trevor, Laraine Day, Robert Stack, Jan Sterling, Phil Harris and Robert Newton.
The following is a list of characters who first appear in the seventh series of the BBC school drama "Waterloo Road", in order of first appearance.
 The seventh series consists of thirty episodes, first broadcast from 4 May 2011 to 25 April 2012.
 The first episode sees maths teacher Daniel Chalk join the main cast, with site manager Rob Scotcher and English teacher Eleanor Chaudry also starring in the first ten episodes.
 New pupil characters are Rob's son Aiden Scotcher, and twins Shona and Rhona Mansfield.
 Aiden's mother Naomi Scotcher appears from episodes four to seven, and director of education Richard Whitman from episodes five to ten.
 Pupil Jodie 'Scout' Allen joins the supporting cast from episode seven, and her mother Tina makes her first appearance in episode eight.
The following is a list of characters who first appear in the ninth series of the BBC school drama "Waterloo Road", in order of first appearance.
 The ninth series consists of twenty episodes, first broadcast from 5 September 2013 to 12 March 2014.
 With the majority of new cast members already introduced in Series Eight, Science Teacher Sue Lowsley completes the main cast in episode one.
 New pupil characters include twins Lenny and Lisa Brown, Darren Hughes, Shaznay Montrose and Archie Wong.
 Episode ten sees the first appearance of Sue's sister Vix Spark, who continues in a supporting role for the rest of the series.
 Episode eleven introduces PE teacher Hector Reid to the main cast, and pupil Gabriella Wark to the supporting cast.
