David Ross Cheriton (born March 29, 1951) is a Canadian computer scientist, mathematician, businessman, philanthropist, and venture capitalist.
 He is a computer science professor at Stanford University, where he founded and heads up the Distributed Systems Group.
 He is a distributed systems and networking expert with keen insight into identifying big market opportunities and building the architectures needed to address these opportunities.
 He has founded and invested in technology companies, including Google, where he was amongst the first investors; VMware, where he was an early angel investor; and Arista, where he was co-founder and chief scientist.
 Cheriton funded at least 20 companies.
 With an estimated net worth of US$3.4 billion (as of February 2016), Cheriton was ranked by Forbes as the 13th wealthiest Canadian and 628th in the world.
 Cheriton has made generous contributions to education, with a $25 Million donation to support graduate studies and research in its School of Computer Science at the University of Waterloo, a $7.5 million donation to the University of British Columbia, and a $12 million endowment in 2016 to Stanford University to support Computer Science faculty, graduate fellowships, and undergraduate scholarships.
The Albert Schweitzer Fellowship is a non-profit organization in the United States, that was established in 1940 as one of the many fellowships created in developed countries to support the work of Albert Schweitzer at the Hôpital Albert Schweitzer in present-day Gabon; these fellowships were coordinated by the Association Internationale de l'oeuvre du docteur Albert Schweitzer de Lambaréné (AISL), which also oversaw the hospital.
 It subsequently expanded its focus to supporting Schweitzer Fellows, primarily graduate students, as they partner with community-based organizations to develop and implement year-long, mentored service projects that meet the health needs of underserved populations.
A teaching assistant or teacher's aide (TA) or education assistant (EA) is an individual who assists a teacher with instructional responsibilities.
 TAs include: graduate teaching assistants (GTAs), who are graduate students; undergraduate teaching assistants (UTAs), who are undergraduate students; secondary school TAs, who are either high school students or adults; and elementary school TAs, who are adults (also known as paraprofessional educators or teacher's aides).
 By definition, TAs assist with classes, but many graduate students serve as the sole instructor for one or more classes each semester as a teaching fellow or graduate student instructor.
 Graduate and adult TAs generally have a fixed salary determined by each contract period (usually a semester or an academic year); however, undergraduates and high school students are sometimes unpaid and, in the US and other countries with the credit system, receive course credits in return for their assistance.
 Teaching assistants often help the main teacher by managing students with learning disabilities, such as ADHD, Autism, or even physical disabilities, such as blindness or deafness.
The J. Paul Getty Award for Conservation Leadership has been awarded annually since 2006 in recognition of outstanding leadership in global conservation.
 The award aims to acknowledge individuals making "pioneering and substantial" contributions to conservation as well as foster the development of future leaders in conservation.
 The $200,000 cash award goes to fund graduate fellowships for students in conservation-related fields.
 These fellowships are established at the institution of higher learning of the awardee's choice and named in honor of the award recipient and J. Paul Getty.
The Roger Hadfield Ogden Honors College at Louisiana State University was founded in 1992 and is a vibrant, diverse, and prestigious academic community located at the heart of LSU.
 The Ogden Honors College typically admits the top 10% of incoming LSU freshmen, and provides its students with a curriculum of rigorous seminar classes, mentoring relationships with top LSU faculty, and opportunities for undergraduate research, culminating in the Honors Thesis.
 Its focus on community service, study abroad, internships and independent research helps today’s high-achieving students become tomorrow’s leaders.
 The Ogden Honors College is led by Dean Dr. Jonathan Earle, who joined the University in 2014.
 Since 2005, Ogden Honors students have been awarded with more than 90 prestigious national and international fellowships, including 16 Goldwater Scholarships, 8 Truman Scholarships, 18 NSF Graduate Research Fellowships, 5 Critical Language Scholarships, and 3 Udall Scholarships.
 In December 2014, LSU announced that they had received a $12 million investment from Roger Ogden, notable alumnus and philanthropist, the largest unrestricted endowed gift in LSU history.
 Shortly after, the LSU Board of Supervisors approved the renaming of the college to be the "Roger Hadfield Ogden Honors College" in honor of Ogden's late father and son.
He has exhibits in more than sixty museums in the United States and throughout Europe, as a painter and printmaker.
 He was given a one person-exhibition by Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington D.C., and has been awarded over 65 purchase prices or medals.
 Ponce de Leon is the recipient of Guggenheim Fellowships; Two Tiffany Foundation Fellowships, and a Fulbright Grant for Scandinavia.
 He has taught at Art Students League; Pratt Graphics Center and Pratt Institute; New York University; University of Pennsylvania, and Columbia University, NY, as well as directed workshops in Yugoslavia.
 Pakistan, India, and Spain under sponsorship of the U.S. State Department, Mr. Ponce de Leon works are in the Library of Congress; The National Gallery (Washington D.C.); The White House; The Museum of Modern Art; Metropolitan Museum of Art; The New York Public Library;Smithsonian American Art Museum The Brooklyn Museum The Musee de l’Arte Moderne in Paris; The Victoria and Albert Museum in London; The Stockholm Art Museum; Museo de Arte Moderno en Mexico; as well U.S. Embassies around the world.
 He was represented in the Venice Biennale, 1970.
The George J. Mitchell Scholarship is a fellowship awarded annually by the U.S.-Ireland Alliance funding graduate study in Ireland.
 Although relatively young—the first class of scholars began their studies in 2000—the Mitchell Scholarship has quickly established itself as one of the most selective fellowships in the United States.
 The scholarship is often considered one of the four primary and most competitive international fellowships for American students, alongside the Rhodes Scholarship, Marshall Scholarship, and Gates Scholarship.
 Each year, approximately 300 young Americans apply for the 12 scholarships.
The National Intelligence University (NIU), formerly known as the National Defense Intelligence College and the Joint Military Intelligence College, is a federally-chartered research university in Bethesda, MD.
 NIU is the United States Intelligence Community's (IC) premier institution for higher learning in fields of study central to the profession of intelligence and national security.
 NIU awards undergraduate and graduate degrees, graduate certificates, and research fellowships to prepare personnel for senior positions in the IC and the broader national security enterprise.
 Since 1963, more than 80,000 military and civilian students have attended the university.
 Formerly located at the Defense Intelligence Agency headquarters in Washington, D.C., NIU's primary campus is now located at Intelligence Community Campus Bethesda (ICC-B) with five additional locations around the world.
 The university's John T. Hughes Library is also located at ICC-B.
 NIU is the only university in the United States where students can study and complete research at the Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information level.
The Wexner Graduate Fellowship Program supports graduate students planning a career related to Judaism.
 The program selects 20 students preparing for careers in the rabbinate, the cantorate, academic Jewish studies, and Jewish communal service.
 Wexner Graduate Fellowships are given to students who are strongly committed to the Jewish community, have exceptional academic records, and show potential to become leaders.
The Computational Science Graduate Fellowship (CSGF) program is a graduate fellowship program sponsored by the United States Department of Energy and administered by the Krell Institute.
 Started in 1990, it awards four-year fellowships for American graduate students pursuing graduate degrees in all areas of computational science.
