Daniel Chanan Matt is a scholar of Kabbalah and a professor at the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley.
 He received Ph.D. from the Brandeis University and taught at Stanford University and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
 Matt is best known for establishing the Pritzker translation of the book of Zohar and translating the first nine volumes of the twelve volume series.
Mary J. Gregor (January 1, 1928 – October 31, 1994) was an American author, translator, and professor.
 She was a Kant scholar and Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at San Diego State University, best known for translating the works of the German philosopher Immanuel Kant.
Henry William Dulcken (1832-1894) was an English translator and children's writer, best known for translating the stories of Hans Christian Andersen.
 Many of his books for children were illustrated by the Brothers Dalziel.
 Described as a "jobbing editor", he was sometimes hired to provide text for the pictures of others, such as Arthur Boyd Houghton.
Plato Tiburtinus (Latin: "Plato Tiburtinus" , "Plato of Tivoli"; fl.
 12th century) was a 12th-century Italian mathematician, astronomer and translator who lived in Barcelona from 1116 to 1138.
 He is best known for translating Hebrew and Arabic documents into Latin, and was apparently the first to translate information on the astrolabe (an astronomical instrument) from Arabic.
Anthony J Gill is an Australian pathologist, professor and medical researcher.
 He is professor of surgical pathology at the University of Sydney and the chairman of the Australian Pancreatic Genome Initiative.
 Most of his research is focused on translating the improved understanding of cancer gained at the basic science level into clinically useful diagnostic tests which can be applied in the routine surgical pathology laboratory.
 Gill is best known for his description of the class of malignancies now known as succinate dehydrogenase deficient (SDH deficient) - including SDH deficient Renal Carcinoma and SDH deficient Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumour (GIST).
 He founded and leads the Cancer Diagnosis and Pathology Research Group at the University of Sydney and Kolling Institute of Medical Research.
 In 2017 he was presented with the Ramzi Cotran young investigator award by the United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology in recognition of his research.
Friedrich Spielhagen (24 February 1829 – 25 February 1911) was a German novelist, literary theorist and translator.
 He tried a number of careers in his early 20s, but at 25 began writing and translating.
 His best known novel is "Sturmflut" and his novel "In Reih' und Glied" was quite successful in Russia.
Arthur Wesley Wheen, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (9 February 1897 – 15 March 1971) was an Australian soldier, translator and museum librarian.
 He is best known for translating the work of Erich Maria Remarque into English, beginning with the classic war novel "All Quiet on the Western Front" in 1929.
Arthur William Ryder (March 8, 1877 – March 21, 1938) was a professor of Sanskrit at the University of California, Berkeley.
 He is best known for translating a number of Sanskrit works into English, including the Panchatantra and the Bhagavad Gita.
 In the words of G. R. Noyes,
François Maspero (19 January 1932 – 11 April 2015) was a French author and journalist, best known as a publisher of leftist books in the 1970s.
 He has also worked as a translator, translating the works of Joseph Conrad and John Reed, author of "Ten Days that Shook the World", among others.
 He was awarded the Prix Décembre in 1990 for "Les Passagers du Roissy-Express".
Dr Jody Byrne is an Irish translation scholar and translator who specialises in scientific and technical translation from German and Spanish into English.
 He is best known as the author of "Technical Translation: Usability Strategies for Translating Technical Documents" (Springer, 2006) and "Scientific and Technical Translation Explained" (St Jerome, 2012).
 Byrne taught German translation at Dublin City University and was a Lecturer in Translation Studies & Localisation at the University of Sheffield.
 While at Dublin City University he became interested in scientific and technical translation and he subsequently went on to conduct doctoral research involving human cognition and the usability of translated software user guides.
 He has published on a range of topics including technical translation, professional translation, technical communication and translation pedagogy.
