Taken, also known as Steven Spielberg Presents Taken, is a science fiction miniseries which first aired on the Sci-Fi Channel in 2002.
 Filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, it was written by Leslie Bohem, and directed by Breck Eisner, Félix Enríquez Alcalá, John Fawcett, Tobe Hooper, Jeremy Paul Kagan, Michael Katleman, Sergio Mimica-Gezzan, Bryan Spicer, Jeff Woolnough, and Thomas J. Wright.
 The executive producers were Leslie Bohem and Steven Spielberg.
Minority Report is a 2002 American neo-noir science fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg and loosely based on the short story of the same name by Philip K. Dick.
 It is set primarily in Washington, D.C., and Northern Virginia in the year 2054, where "PreCrime", a specialized police department, apprehends criminals based on foreknowledge provided by three psychics called "precogs".
 The cast includes Tom Cruise as Chief of PreCrime John Anderton, Colin Farrell as Department of Justice agent Danny Witwer, Samantha Morton as the senior precog Agatha, and Max von Sydow as Anderton's superior Lamar Burgess.
 The film combines elements of tech noir, whodunit, thriller and science fiction genres, as well as a traditional chase film, as the main protagonist is accused of a crime he has not committed and becomes a fugitive.
 Spielberg has characterized the story as "fifty percent character and fifty percent very complicated storytelling with layers and layers of murder mystery and plot".
 The film's central theme is the question of free will versus determinism.
 It examines whether free will can exist if the future is set and known in advance.
 Other themes include the role of preventive government in protecting its citizenry, the role of media in a future state where technological advancements make its presence nearly boundless, the potential legality of an infallible prosecutor, and Spielberg's repeated theme of broken families.
Stanley Kubrick is regarded by film critics and historians as one of the most influential directors of all time.
 Leading directors, including Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, James Cameron, Woody Allen, Terry Gilliam, the Coen Brothers, Ridley Scott, Paul Thomas Anderson, Christopher Nolan, David Lynch, and George A. Romero, have cited Kubrick as a source of inspiration, and in the case of Spielberg, collaboration.
 In an interview for the "Eyes Wide Shut" DVD release, Steven Spielberg comments that "nobody could shoot a picture better in history", and that Kubrick told stories in a way "antithetical to the way we are accustomed to receiving stories".
 Writing in the introduction to a recent edition of Michel Ciment's "Kubrick", film director Martin Scorsese notes most of Kubrick's films were misunderstood and under-appreciated when first released, only to be considered masterpieces later on.
Matt Charman is a British screenwriter, playwright, and producer.
 He was nominated for an Academy Award for best original screenplay for his 2015 film "Bridge of Spies", directed by Steven Spielberg and co-written with Joel and Ethan Coen.
 Charman started out writing for theatre, making his breakthrough as writer-in-residence at London’s National Theatre, where then director Nicholas Hytner described Charman as having "a priceless nose for a story."
 He recently wrote the pilot episode of "Oasis", a sci-fi drama for Amazon Video adapting Michel Faber's "The Book of Strange New Things", and is working on a second movie for Steven Spielberg's Amblin Partners, based on Walter Cronkite’s 1968 visit to Vietnam.
Frank Wilton Marshall (born September 13, 1946) is an American film producer and director, often working in collaboration with his wife, Kathleen Kennedy.
 With Kennedy and Steven Spielberg, he was one of the founders of Amblin Entertainment.
 In 1991, he founded, with Kennedy, The Kennedy/Marshall Company, a film production company which has a contract with DreamWorks.
 Since May 2012, with Kennedy taking on the role of President of Lucasfilm, Marshall has been Kennedy/Marshall's sole principal.
 Marshall has consistently collaborated with directors Steven Spielberg, Paul Greengrass and Peter Bogdanovich.
Renée Elise Goldsberry (born January 2, 1971) is an American actress, singer and songwriter, known for originating the role of Angelica Schuyler Church in the Broadway musical "Hamilton", for which she won the 2016 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.
 Her other Broadway credits include Nettie Harris in the original Broadway cast of "The Color Purple", Mimi Márquez in "Rent", and Nala in "The Lion King".
 She has portrayed many roles on television, including Geneva Pine on "The Good Wife", and Evangeline Williamson on "One Life to Live", for which she received two Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series nominations.
The Goonies is a 1985 film produced by Steven Spielberg.
Rick Carter (born 1950) is an American production designer and art director.
 He is known for his work in the film "Forrest Gump", which earned him an Oscar nomination, as well as numerous nominations of other awards for his work in "Amistad" and "A.I. Artificial Intelligence".
 Other films include "Cast Away", "War of the Worlds", "What Lies Beneath", "Jurassic Park", "Avatar", and "Back to the Future Part II" and "Part III".
 Many of the films that he has worked on are directed by Steven Spielberg or Robert Zemeckis.
 For his part in the Art Direction of "Avatar", he was awarded the Academy Award for Best Production Design alongside Robert Stromberg and Kim Sinclair.
 In 2013, Carter won his second Academy Award, for production design on Steven Spielberg's biopic, "Lincoln".
The Color Purple is a 1985 American period drama film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Menno Meyjes, based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Alice Walker.
 It was Spielberg's eighth film as a director, and was a change from the summer blockbusters for which he had become famous.
 The film was also the first feature-length film directed by Spielberg for which John Williams did not compose the music.
 The film starred Danny Glover, Desreta Jackson, Margaret Avery, Oprah Winfrey (in her film debut), Adolph Caesar, Rae Dawn Chong, and featured Whoopi Goldberg (also in her film debut) as Celie Harris-Johnson.
Akosua Gyamama Busia (born 30 December 1966) is a Ghanaian actress, film director, author and songwriter who lives in the U.K. Busia is best known for her role as Nettie Harris in the 1985 film "The Color Purple" alongside Whoopi Goldberg.
