Avianca Holdings (formerly AviancaTaca AirHoldings Inc.) is a Latin American airline holding company formed in February 2010 by the merger of two airlines, Avianca from Colombia and TACA Airlines from El Salvador.
 The company is a subsidiary of Synergy Group, a South American conglomerate based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
 Avianca Holdings S.A. is headquartered in Panama City, Panama.
Avianca Costa Rica, formerly known as LACSA ("Spanish: Lineas Aéreas Costarricenses S.A."), minority owned by the Synergy Group, is the national airline of Costa Rica and is based in San José.
 It operates international scheduled services to over 35 destinations in Central, North and South America.
 The airline previously used the TACA/LACSA moniker when it was a subsidiary of Grupo TACA.
 Since May 2013, following Avianca's purchase of Grupo TACA, Avianca Costa Rica became one of seven nationally branded airlines (Avianca Ecuador, Avianca Honduras, etc.) operated by Avianca Holdings group of Latin American airlines.
TACA Flight 110 was an international scheduled airline flight operated by TACA Airlines, traveling from Belize to New Orleans.
 On May 24, 1988, the Boeing 737-300 lost power in both engines, but its pilots made a successful deadstick landing on a grass levee, with no one aboard sustaining more than minor injuries.
 The captain of the flight, Carlos Dardano of El Salvador, had lost one eye to crossfire on a short flight to El Salvador, which was undergoing a civil war at the time.
This is a list of airlines operating in El Salvador.
 Taca Airlines was the major airline and flag Carrier of El Salvador.
 In 2013 Taca Airlines merged with Colombian flag carrier Avianca.
 Comalapa International Airport is still one of Avianca's hubs connecting North America, South America, the Caribbean and parts of Europe like Spain.
Avianca El Salvador, formerly Transportes Aereos del Continente Americano, simply known as TACA Airlines, is an airline owned by the Synergy Group based in El Salvador.
 As TACA, it was the flag carrier of El Salvador.
 As Avianca El Salvador, it is one of the seven nationally branded airlines (Avianca Ecuador, Avianca Honduras, etc.) in the Avianca Holdings group of Latin American airlines.
 This Airline has been in operation for 75 years.
TACA Flight 390 was a scheduled flight on May 30, 2008, by TACA Airlines from San Salvador, El Salvador, to Miami, Florida, United States, with intermediate stops at Tegucigalpa and San Pedro Sula in Honduras.
 In this hull loss/fatalities accident, the Airbus A320-233 (registration EI-TAF, c/n 1374) overran the runway after landing at Tegucigalpa's Toncontín International Airport and rolled out into a street, crashing into an embankment and smashing several cars in the process.
Innwa Bank Limited (Burmese: အင်းဝဘဏ်လီမိတက် ) is a private commercial bank in Burma (Myanmar).
 Innwa Bank was founded by the Myanmar Economic Corporation (MEC) in 1997, a major conglomerate owned by serving and retired military officers of the Tatmadaw, affiliated with the Myanmar Ministry of Defence.
 The bank serves as a financial vehicle for MEC's subsidiaries and affiliates.
 Innwa Bank is wholly owned by MEC, which is in turn, owned by the government.
 Military authorities control the bank's management.
SkyWest Airlines is a North American airline owned by SkyWest, Inc. and headquartered in St. George, Utah, U.S..
 According to the Airlines for America definitions, SkyWest is a North American major airline.
 SkyWest however, operates on a regional airline level and is a member of the Regional Airline Association.
 SkyWest Airlines flies to 238 cities, in 45 states; Washington, D.C., six Canadian provinces and five cities in Mexico.
 The airline serves as a feeder airline, operating under contract with various major carriers.
 It flies as SkyWest Airlines in a partnership with Alaska Airlines, as United Express on behalf of United Airlines, as American Eagle on behalf of American Airlines, and as Delta Connection on behalf of Delta Air Lines.
 SkyWest also provides ground handling services for airports across the United States.
Southern Star Airlines was a domestic airline based in Juba, the capital and largest city of South Sudan.
 Southern Star Airlines was founded early since the independence of the country in July 2011.
 The airline owned only one aircraft, which was one de Havilland Canada DHC-8-100, registration .
 Southern Star Airlines' inaugural flight took place on 20 August 2011.
 However, after only two months of ""erratic operations"", the airline closed, shut down all operations, and gave away its one and only aircraft to the Kenyan-based airline ALS.
Nicaragua Airways is the potential future national flag carrier of Nicaragua.
 Its main base is Augusto C. Sandino International Airport, Managua.
 It is the first time in 20 years that Nicaragua will have a national flag carrier, after Aeronica ceased operations in 1991.
 Since then, the flag carrier status was awarded to Nicaragüense de Aviación also known as NICA Airlines.
 Several airlines had tried to become the Nicaraguan flag carrier like CAAL (Central American Airlines), SANSA (Servicios Aereos Nicaraguenses S.A.) but none of these survived a year.
 Today even NICA Airlines (6Y) is registered as the national airline of Nicaragua, the only international flight it operated once (Managua to Miami) and is done under the TACA code (TA) as a full TACA Airlines flight.
