The Tandragee killings took place in the early hours of Saturday 19 February 2000 on an isolated country road outside Tandragee, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
 Two young Protestant men, Andrew Robb and David McIlwaine, were beaten and repeatedly stabbed to death in what was part of a Loyalist feud between the loyalist Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) and their rivals, the breakaway Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF).
 The men were not members of any loyalist paramilitary organisation.
 It later emerged in court hearings that Robb had made disparaging remarks about the killing of UVF Mid-Ulster Brigade leader Richard Jameson by an LVF gunman the previous month.
 This had angered the killers, themselves members of the Mid-Ulster UVF, and in retaliation they had lured the two men to the remote lane on the outskirts of town, where they killed and mutilated them.
Wild Horse Lake is a playa lake located in Texas County, Oklahoma.
 The lake was the location of the infamous Hay Meadow Massacre (July 1888) in which one faction in the county seat fight in Stevens County, Kansas, killed four members of the opposing faction.
 Since the killings took place in what was then No Man's Land, no court had jurisdiction over the crime.
 The lake was also the subject of Oklahoma case law in reference to water appropriations—Depuy V. Hoeme (1980 OK 26, 611 P.2d 228).
The Lovas killings (Croatian: "masakr u Lovasu" , Serbian: "zločini u Lovasu" , Cyrillic: злочини у Ловасу ) involved the killing of 70 Croat civilian residents of the village of Lovas between 10–18 October 1991, during the Croatian War of Independence.
 The killings took place during and in the immediate aftermath of the occupation of the village by the Yugoslav People's Army ("Jugoslovenska Narodna Armija" – JNA) supported by Croatian Serb forces and "Dušan Silni" paramilitaries on 10 October, two days after Croatia declared independence from Yugoslavia.
 The occupation occurred during the Battle of Vukovar, as the JNA sought to consolidate its control over the area surrounding the city of Vukovar.
 The killings and abuse of the civilian population continued until 18 October, when troops guarding a group of civilians forced them to walk into a minefield at gunpoint and then opened fire upon them.
The 1994 Shankill Road killings took place on 16 June 1994.
 The Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) shot dead three Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) members – high-ranking member Trevor King, Colin Craig and David Hamilton – on the Shankill Road in Belfast, close to the UVF HQ.The following day, the UVF launched two 'retaliatory' attacks.
 In the first, UVF members shot dead a Catholic civilian taxi driver in Carrickfergus.
 In the second, they shot dead two Protestant civilians in Newtownabbey, whom they believed were Catholics.
 The Loughinisland massacre, two days later, is believed to have been a further retaliation.
Steven Gerald James Wright (born 24 April 1958) is an English serial killer, also known as the Suffolk Strangler and the Ipswich Ripper.
 He is serving life imprisonment for the murder of five women who worked as prostitutes in Ipswich, Suffolk.
 The killings took place during the final months of 2006, and Wright was found guilty in February 2008.
Tandragee Rovers Football Club is an intermediate-level football club playing in the Intermediate A division of the Mid-Ulster Football League in Northern Ireland.
 They were treble winners in 2000–01 season winning the following Bob Radcliffe Cup, Bass Bowl Trophy and Premier Cup.
 The club is based in Tandragee, County Armagh.
The Castlerock killings took place on 25 March 1993 in the village of Castlerock, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
 Members of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA), a loyalist paramilitary group, shot dead three civilians and a Provisional Irish Republican Army volunteer as they arrived for work.
 Another was wounded.
 The men were all Catholics.
The Baćin massacre was the killing of 83 civilians just outside the village of Baćin, near Hrvatska Dubica, committed by Croatian Serb paramilitaries.
 The killings took place on 21 October 1991 during the Croatian War of Independence.
 Most of the civilians were Croats, but they also included two ethnic Serbs, taken from Hrvatska Dubica, Baćin and the nearby village of Cerovljani.
 The civilians were killed in the area of Krečane, at the very bank of the Una River, and their bodies were left unburied for two weeks.
 Most of them were subsequently bulldozed into a shallow mass grave, while a number of the bodies were thrown into the river.
Tandragee Castle, Tandragee, County Armagh, Northern Ireland, was built in 1837 by The 6th Duke of Manchester as the family's Irish home.
 The Duke of Manchester acquired the estate through his marriage to Millicent Sparrow (1798–1848).
Tanderagee railway station was opened on 6 January 1852.
 It was originally named Madden Bridge and was located on the Madden road between the two villages of Tandragee and Gilford, it was finally closed on 4 January 1965.
 Tanderagee is also spelt as Tandragee named after the nearby village of Tandragee.
 Tanderagee and Gilford railway station was the original name upon opening of the station.
 The station was built to serve the nearby Ulster villages of Tandragee, County Armagh and Gilford, County Down, Northern Ireland.
