The Galleria at Fort Lauderdale is an upscale shopping mall in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
 It was originally the "Sunrise Center", an open-air shopping mall constructed in 1954, but was demolished except for the Jordan Marsh anchor store that is now Dillard's and rebuilt as an enclosed mall.
 The Galleria opened in three phases, initially on November 11, 1980 with Burdines (now Macy's) and Saks Fifth Avenue (now H&M and Regus), second in 1982 featuring Neiman Marcus, and lastly in 1983 with Lord & Taylor.
North Shore Square is a 621192 sqft shopping mall in Slidell, Louisiana.
 The mall is the largest mall on the Northshore of Lake Pontchartrain, fifth largest in the New Orleans area and the 11th largest in Louisiana.
 The mall is home to two anchor stores, Dillard's, and At Home, as well as approximately 23 other stores.
 All the anchor stores are on one level.
 The mall did not flood during Hurricane Katrina and experienced no serious damage.
 The mall formerly had Mervyns as an anchor store, but closed shortly after the storm when Mervyn's pulled out of the Louisiana market.
 The store was eventually replaced by Burlington Coat Factory, which is now closed due to corporate downsizing.
 JCPenney closed on July 31, 2017.
 The mall has struggled partially due to increased internet-based sales as well as an open-air shopping center located on the opposite side of town, to which it lost some of its tenants.
 Following a nationwide trend, the mall's future is uncertain as many former mall-based stores have either closed completely or downsized nationally, and enclosed shopping malls across the country are challenged by new consumer trends and shifting paradigms.
C J Segerstrom & Sons is a family business incorporated as a major real estate company in Orange County (along with the Irvine Company and the O'Neill family), especially in the city of Costa Mesa.
 Swedish immigrant Carl Segerstrom started out by buying a large lima bean farm in 1900.
 In 1967 construction began on the jewel in their crown, South Coast Plaza.
 The enormous shopping mall is one of the highest grossing in the country, with over 300 stores and around one and a half billion dollars in annual sales.
 The family's monetary donations provided for the construction of the Orange County Performing Arts Center, on land also donated by the family/company.
 Besides the performing arts center the family/company gives heavily to the local Newport-Mesa school district.
 The family also owns land rights to much of the expanding commercial office space around the mall.
 Though they have sold the property rights to the residential areas south of the 405 Freeway, they still hold the mineral rights.
Mall of Georgia is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located in Gwinnett County, Georgia, near the city of Buford, 30 mi northeast of Atlanta.
 Built in 1999, it is currently the largest shopping mall in the state of Georgia, consisting of more than two hundred stores on three levels.
 The mall's anchor stores include Belk, Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's and Von Maur, other major stores include Barnes & Noble, Dick's Sporting Goods, and Haverty's.
 Also, located in the Mall of Georgia Crossing is Best Buy, Nordstrom Rack, T.J. Maxx, and Target.
 Also featured in the mall is a large village section, comprising lifestyle tenants and restaurants in an outdoor setting, as well as a 500-seat amphitheater.
 The mall attracts many high end stores such as Coach, Swarovski, Clarks, J.Crew, and Aveda.
 Simon Property Group manages the Mall of Georgia.
The Hollywood Fashion Center was a shopping mall located at the South East corner of Hollywood Boulevard (State Road 820) and US 441 (State Road 7) in Hollywood, Florida.
 The mall opened in 1972, and had four anchor stores: JCPenney, Richard's (later Zayre/Ames), Burdines and Jordan Marsh.
 With the opening of Pembroke Lakes Mall six miles west in Pembroke Pines in 1992, most of the anchor stores in the Fashion Center moved to the bigger stores at Pembroke Lakes Mall.
 The mall closed in 1993, although a Gordon Food Service supermarket opened in the former Burdines in 1996, it later closed sometime in the 2010s.
 For a brief period from 2002-2004 it served as an indoor flea market named Millennium SuperMall "Hollywood's City Place" until it was discovered many of the booths were selling stolen wares.
 It has been closed since then.
Towne West Square is an enclosed shopping mall located in Wichita, Kansas, United States.
 Opened in 1980, it comprises more than 100 stores in 951447 sqft of gross leasable area.
 The mall's five anchor stores include Convergys, Dick's Sporting Goods, two Dillard's locations and JCPenney.
 Sears (the sixth anchor store) closed in December 2014, leaving one anchor space vacant.
 The original anchor stores in the mall were: Dillard's, Henry's, JC Penney, Montgomery Ward and Service Merchandise.
 Sears opened in 1994 (14 years after the rest of the mall) moving a store from the open air Twin Lakes Shopping Center.
 There is a drop in daycare closest to JCPenny that opened in May 2015 called the Kiddie Klubhouse.
Hunt Valley Towne Centre, formerly Hunt Valley Mall, is an outdoor shopping mall in northern Baltimore County, Maryland.
 The development was constructed following the closure of Hunt Valley Mall (other than its anchor stores) in 2000.
 The anchor stores in existence today include Dick's Sporting Goods, Burlington Coat Factory, Wegmans, and Sears.
 Wal-Mart was located at Hunt Valley mall until late October 2007, when it moved two miles south to Cockeysville, Maryland.
 It was replaced by Best Buy which closed in May 2012 as part of a nationwide downsizing.
 Near a gazebo located in the main street area of the center, there is a memorial to Chuck Thompson.
Karcher Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Nampa, Idaho, U.S..
 The mall opened in August 1965 with Buttrey Food & Drug, Rasco-Tempo, and Skaggs Drug Centers as anchor stores.
 The mall was the largest shopping center in the Treasure Valley until 1988 when the Boise Towne Square Mall was opened in Boise.
 The new mall directed traffic away for the Karcher Mall and several retailers, including 20-year-old anchor JCPenney, departed the mall to move to Boise.
 Since then, the mall has been sold to numerous owners, each of which attempted to revitalize the mall to mixed results.
 Today, the mall has 28 stores, including anchor stores Burlington Coat Factory, Discount Furniture, Jo-Ann Fabrics, Ross Dress for Less, and Mor Furniture, and is owned by Milan Properties, Inc.
Southlake Mall is a shopping mall in Merrillville, Indiana.
 The tract of land on which it sits was annexed from unincorporated Ross Township in 1993.
 It lies in the Chicago metropolitan area.
 Southlake Mall is the only enclosed super regional mall in Northwest Indiana, as well as one of largest in the state overall along with Castleton Square in Indianapolis and Glenbrook Square in Fort Wayne.
 Anchor stores include Carson's, Kohl's, JCPenney, Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods and Sears.
 The Macy's store was previously an L. S. Ayres prior to September 9, 2006.
 The mall first opened with only two anchor stores - JCPenney and Sears - and the north and south anchor wings were added later.
 Carson's once housed the cafeteria-style "The Garden Restaurant" next to the entrance near the security garage on the south side of the mall from 1975-89
Raleigh Springs Mall was an enclosed shopping mall serving the city of Memphis, Tennessee, USA.
 The site is located on the north side of Memphis, on Austin Peay Hwy.
 just north of Interstate 40.
 Opened in 1971 as one of the city's first two shopping malls (the other being Southland Mall), owned and managed by Angela Whichard, Inc., Raleigh Springs Mall originally featured about seventy stores later to be remodeled and feature a twelve-screen multiplex, with four anchor stores, formerly occupied by Sears, JCPenney, Goldsmith's and Dillard's.
 The theater closed in December 2011, Sears closed in April 2011, and the other three anchors closed in 2003.
 The mall was later seized by the City of Memphis in favor to build a city Civic Center.
 The mall closed with 3 business still operating, City Trends, World Diamond Center, and a church.
 Some of the anchor stores JCPenney and Sears have been demolished leaving the movie theater, Dillard's, and the main building left.
 As of the end of 2016, the remaining buildings were surrounded by gates.
