Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer (stylized as 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer) is a 2007 American-British-German superhero film, based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Fantastic Four.
 A sequel to the 2005 film "Fantastic Four", the film is directed by Tim Story.
 Ioan Gruffudd as Reed Richards, Jessica Alba as Sue Storm, Chris Evans as Johnny Storm, and Michael Chiklis as Ben Grimm are the film series' recurring protagonists, while Julian McMahon and Kerry Washington reprise their roles from the first film as Victor Von Doom and Alicia Masters, respectively.
 Beau Garrett appears as Frankie Raye, along with Doug Jones as the Silver Surfer, with Laurence Fishburne voicing the Surfer.
 The plot follows the Fantastic Four as they confront the Silver Surfer and attempt to save Earth from Galactus.
 The film grossed $289 million.
 It was released on Blu-ray and DVD on October 2, 2007.
Deep Cover is a 1992 American neo-noir crime thriller film starring Laurence Fishburne (this being the last film in which Fishburne was credited as "Larry") and Jeff Goldblum and directed by veteran actor Bill Duke.
 It is also notable for its theme song of the same name, composed by Dr. Dre and the then-newcomer Snoop Doggy Dogg.
The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins.
 It is the first installment in "The Hunger Games" film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik, with a screenplay by Ross, Collins, and Billy Ray.
 The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Lenny Kravitz, Stanley Tucci, and Donald Sutherland.
 The story takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in the nation of Panem, which is divided into 12 districts, where a boy and a girl from each district, between the ages of 12 and 18 must take part in The Hunger Games, a televised annual event in which the "tributes" of each district, are required to fight to the death, until there is only one survivor.
 Katniss Everdeen (Jennifer Lawrence) volunteers to take her younger sister's place.
 With her district's male tribute, Peeta Mellark (Josh Hutcherson), Katniss travels to the Capitol to train for the Hunger Games under the guidance of former victor Haymitch Abernathy (Woody Harrelson).
Dr. Raymond Langston is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama "", portrayed by Laurence Fishburne.
 He joined the show in season 9, after the departure of Gil Grissom, played by William Petersen.
 His last name is taken from Fishburne's son, Langston who was in turn, named after the great African American writer Langston Hughes.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is a 2017 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad.
 The second installment in the "John Wick" film series, the plot follows hitman John Wick, who goes on the run after a bounty is placed on his head.
 It stars Keanu Reeves, Common, Laurence Fishburne, Riccardo Scamarcio, Ruby Rose, John Leguizamo and Ian McShane, and marks the first collaboration between Reeves and Fishburne since appearing together in "The Matrix" trilogy.
Passengers is a 2016 American science fiction film directed by Morten Tyldum and written by Jon Spaihts.
 It stars Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Pratt, Michael Sheen, and Laurence Fishburne.
 The story depicts two people who are awakened some 90 years too soon from an induced hibernation on a spaceship bound for a new planet.
Bobby is a 2006 American drama film written and directed by Emilio Estevez, and starring an ensemble cast featuring Harry Belafonte, Joy Bryant, Nick Cannon, Laurence Fishburne, Spencer Garrett, Helen Hunt, Anthony Hopkins, Ashton Kutcher, Shia LaBeouf, Lindsay Lohan, William H. Macy, Demi Moore, Martin Sheen, Christian Slater, Sharon Stone, Elijah Wood and Estevez himself.
 The screenplay is a fictionalized account of the hours leading up to the June 5, 1968, shooting of U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy in the kitchen of the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles following his win of the 1968 Democratic Party presidential primary in California.
Once in the Life is a 2000 film written by, directed by, and starring Laurence Fishburne.
 Fishburne adapted the script from his own play, "Riff-Raff".
Ant-Man and the Wasp is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics characters Scott Lang / Ant-Man and Hope van Dyne / Wasp.
 Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is intended to be the sequel to 2015's "Ant-Man", and the twentieth film installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
 The film is directed by Peyton Reed with a screenplay by the writing teams of Chris McKenna and Erik Sommers, Andrew Barrer and Gabriel Ferrari, and Paul Rudd, and stars Rudd, Evangeline Lilly, Bobby Cannavale, Michael Peña, Tip "T.I." Harris, Judy Greer, David Dastmalchian, Michael Douglas, Michelle Pfeiffer, Laurence Fishburne, Hannah John-Kamen, Randall Park, and Walton Goggins.
 In "Ant-Man and the Wasp", Lang teams up with van Dyne to embark on a new mission from Pym.
The Gospel of Us is a 2012 Welsh drama based on the Owen Sheers novel of the same name and the three-day Passion play that Michael Sheen acted in at his home town of Port Talbot in April 2011.
 Directed by Dave McKean, the film stars Sheen as The Teacher, a man who has lost all memory of who he is and of the danger his town is facing from a company, ICU.
