Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children is a 2005 Japanese computer-animated science fantasy film directed by Tetsuya Nomura, written by Kazushige Nojima, and produced by Yoshinori Kitase and Shinji Hashimoto.
 Developed by Visual Works and Square Enix, "Advent Children" is part of the "Compilation of Final Fantasy VII" series of media, which is based in the world and continuity of the highly successful 1997 role-playing video game "Final Fantasy VII".
 "Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children" was released on DVD and Universal Media Discs with Japanese voice acting in Japan on September 14, 2005, and on April 25, 2006, with English voice acting in North America and Europe.
"The Age of Not Believing" is a song written by Robert and Richard Sherman for the 1971 Walt Disney musical film production "Bedknobs and Broomsticks".
 Angela Lansbury sings the song in the motion picture.
 In the lyrics, Lansbury's character Eglantine expresses how as children grow up, they lose their belief in magic and doubt themselves.
 The song works on two levels, both on a personal, human level and thematically for the whole film- a Britain grown cynical from the pressures of war must learn to borrow from its own past magic in order to overcome the tremendous challenge which lies before it, while the characters in the film must finally learn to trust in Eglantine's magic to achieve their goals and save Britain from the Nazis.
Stark Electric Jesus is a 2014 short film inspired by the poem "Prochondo Boidyutik Chhutar" or "Stark Electric Jesus" written by Malay Roy Choudhury.
 The film has won the official selection as the only Indian film at the Trinidad and Tobago Film Festivalin New Media section and has been selected for screening at Leeds Independent Film Festival.
 The Film has also won 27 official selection in 20 different countries and also won 'Best Video Art' from Poland, 'Most Promising Artist' Award from Madatac,06, Spain and 'Best Fantasy Film' award from Hrizantema International Horror & Fantasy Film Festival, Serbia.
Sianoa Smit-McPhee (born 21 February 1992), also known as Sianoa, is an Australian singer, songwriter and actress.
 She is best known for her years in Australian soap opera "Neighbours" as Bree Timmins.
 Her next role was in the children's television series "As the Bell Rings", which aired on the Disney Channel.
 In 2007, she appeared as Desma, the lead character in the short fantasy film "Hugo".
 From 2009 to 2011, she starred in the HBO series "Hung" as Darby Drecker.
 In 2012, Sianoa featured in the TV movie ABC "Firelight" and the series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia".
 The following year, she starred in "All Cheerleaders Die".
 Sianoa and her husband John Rush, a music producer, also wrote and produced the song "Take a Bite of My Heart", which was featured in the film and performed by Sianoa.
Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV is a 2016 Japanese computer-animated science fantasy film directed by Takeshi Nozue and scripted by Takashi Hasegawa from a story by Kazushige Nojima and Saori Itamuro.
 Developed primarily by Square Enix's exclusive CGI studio Visual Works, "Kingsglaive" is based on the setting and story of the 2016 video game "Final Fantasy XV", which is thematically connected to the "Fabula Nova Crystallis" subseries.
 "Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV" released theatrically in July 2016 in Japan by Aniplex, and received a limited theatrical run in August in North America by Stage 6 Films.
 Digital and physical home video versions were released in October 2016, and the film was bundled with different editions of "Final Fantasy XV" alongside "".
Elections to the Baseball Hall of Fame for 1971 featured a new committee on the Negro Leagues that met in February and selected Satchel Paige.
 The museum planned to honor Paige and those who would follow in a special permanent exhibit outside the Hall of Fame but controversy about the nature of the honor began at the event announcing his election, February 9, and continued until the induction ceremonies six months later.
 At the latter event Paige was inducted to the Hall of Fame itself, the same as the major league figures.
Dicen que Soy un Mujeriego ("They Say I am a Womanizer") is a 1949 Mexican comedy-drama film directed by Roberto Rodríguez.
 This Mexican film classic was made during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.
 In this film, Mexican superstar, Pedro Infante co-starred with Golden Age Mexican super star Sara Garcia (“Mexico’s grandmother”) as Dona Rosa, as well as with Silvia Derbez as Flor and child star "La Tucita" María Eugenia Llamas (five years old at the time).
 In this comedy, Pedro Infante is Sara Garcia’s (“Dona Rosa”) philandering grandson.
 Dona Rosa is a prominent rancher.
 She deeply loves Pedro, but is constantly trying to get him to behave – with no success.
 While Pedro is ever popular with the ladies, he has his eye on Flor (Silvia Derbez), the niece of a neighboring rancher.
 Flor flirts with him and plays him off against the disreputable saloon owner and town mayor, Pablo (Rodolfo Landa).
 Pablo tricks orphan Tucita into believing she is Pedro's daughter as a way to ruin Pedro's chances with Flor.
 Everyone is quick to believe that Pedro is Tucita's father.
 However, in the end, the plot is revealed and Pedro and Flor marry.
Timothy Walter Burton ( ; born August 25, 1958) is an American film director, producer, artist, writer, and animator.
 He is known for his dark, gothic, eccentric, and quirky fantasy films such as "Beetlejuice" (1988), "Edward Scissorhands" (1990), the animated musical "The Nightmare Before Christmas" (1993), the biographical film "Ed Wood" (1994), the horror fantasy "Sleepy Hollow" (1999), and later efforts such as "Corpse Bride" (2005), "" (2007), "Dark Shadows" (2012), and "Frankenweenie" (2012).
 He is also known for blockbusters such as the adventure comedy "Pee-wee's Big Adventure" (1985), the superhero films "Batman" (1989) and its first sequel "Batman Returns" (1992), the sci-fi film "Planet of the Apes" (2001), the fantasy drama "Big Fish" (2003), the musical adventure film "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" (2005), and the fantasy film "Alice in Wonderland" (2010), which garnered a worldwide gross of over $1 billion.
Once Upon a Time in Vietnam (Vietnamese: Lửa Phật ) is a 2013 Vietnamese action fantasy film directed by and starring Dustin Nguyen along with Roger Yuan.
 It was released on August 22, 2013.
 This is the first Vietnamese action fantasy film.
The Golden Voyage of Sinbad is a 1973 fantasy film directed by Gordon Hessler and featuring stop motion effects by Ray Harryhausen.
 It is the second of three Sinbad films released by Colombia Pictures, the others being "The 7th Voyage of Sinbad" (1958) and "Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger" (1977).
 The film stars John Phillip Law, Tom Baker, Takis Emmanuel, and Caroline Munro.
 It won the first Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film.
