Buddhist logic is a term used in Western scholarship to refer to Buddhist traditions of 'Hetuvidya' (Sanskrit) and 'Pramanavada' (Sanskrit), which arose circa 500,which in turn were influenced by 'Indian Logic', from which they seceded.
 Indian logic, and Buddhist Logic—in main heralded by Dignāga (c. 480 - 540 CE)—are both primarily studies of 'inference'-patterns, where ‘inference’ is a gloss of anumāna (Sanskrit).
Dharmakīrti (fl.
 c. 6th or 7th century) was an influential Indian Buddhist philosopher who worked at Nālandā.
 He was one of the key scholars of epistemology (pramana) in Buddhist philosophy, and is associated with the Yogācāra and Sautrāntika schools.
 He was also one of the primary theorists of Buddhist atomism.
 His works influenced the scholars of Mīmāṃsā, Nyaya and Shaivism schools of Hindu philosophy as well as scholars of Jainism.
The development of Indian logic dates back to the "anviksiki" of Medhatithi Gautama (c. 7th century BCE) the Sanskrit grammar rules of Pāṇini (c. 5th century BCE); the Vaisheshika school's analysis of atomism (c. 2nd century BCE); the analysis of inference by Gotama (c. 2nd century), founder of the Nyaya school of Hindu philosophy; and the tetralemma of Nagarjuna (c. 2nd century CE).
 Indian logic stands as one of the three original traditions of logic, alongside the Greek and the Chinese logic.
 The Indian tradition continued to develop through to early modern times, in the form of the Navya-Nyāya school of logic.
Hindu philosophy refers to a group of "darśanas" (philosophies, world views, teachings) that emerged in ancient India.
 The mainstream ancient Indian philosophy includes six systems ("ṣaḍdarśana") – Samkhya, Yoga, Nyaya, Vaisheshika, Mimamsa and Vedanta.
 These are also called the Astika (orthodox) philosophical traditions and are those that accept the Vedas as authoritative, important source of knowledge.
 Ancient and medieval India was also the source of philosophies that share philosophical concepts but rejected the Vedas, and these have been called "nāstika" (heterodox or non-orthodox) Indian philosophies.
 Nāstika Indian philosophies include Buddhism, Jainism, Cārvāka, Ājīvika, and others.
Hinduism is an ancient religion with diverse traditions such as Vaishnavism, Shaivism, Shaktism and others.
 Each tradition has a long list of Hindu texts, with subgenre based on syncretization of ideas from Samkhya, Nyaya, Yoga, Vedanta and other schools of Hindu philosophy.
 Of these some called "Sruti" are broadly considered as core scriptures of Hinduism, but beyond the "Sruti", the list of scriptures vary by the scholar.
The Nyāya Sūtras is an ancient Indian Sanskrit text composed by Akṣapāda Gautama , and the foundational text of the Nyaya school of Hindu philosophy.
 The date when the text was composed, and the biography of its author is unknown, but variously estimated between 6th-century BCE and 2nd-century CE.
 The text may have been composed by more than one author, over a period of time.
 The text consists of five books, with two chapters in each book, with a cumulative total of 528 aphoristic sutras, about rules of reason, logic, epistemology and metaphysics.
Dignāga (c. 480 – c. 540 CE) was an Indian Buddhist scholar and one of the Buddhist founders of Indian logic ("hetu vidyā").
 Dignāga's work laid the groundwork for the development of deductive logic in India and created the first system of Buddhist logic and epistemology (Pramana).
 According to Georges B Dreyfus, his philosophical school brought about an Indian "epistemological turn" and became the "standard formulation of Buddhist logic and epistemology in India and Tibet."
 Dignāga's thought influenced later Buddhist philosophers like Dharmakirti and also Hindu thinkers of the Nyaya school.
 Dignāga's epistemology accepted only "perception" (pratyaksa) and "inference" (anumāṇa) are valid instruments of knowledge.
Jayanta Bhatta (c. 9th Century CE) was a Kashmir poet and a philosopher of Nyaya school of Hindu philosophy.
 In his philosophical treatise "Nyayamanjari" and drama "Agamadambara", Jayanta mentions the king Shankaravarman (883 – 902 CE) as his contemporary.
 Also, his son Abhinanda in his "Kadambari-kathasara", mentioned that the great grandfather of Jayanta was a minister of King Lalitaditya of 8th century CE.
 So most probably Jayanta belonged to the last quarter of 9th Century CE.
Udyotakara (or Uddyotakara) (c. 6th century CE) was a philosopher of the Nyaya school of Indian philosophy.
 "Subandhu"’s "Vāsavadattā" mentioned him as the rescuer of the "Nyaya".
 He was a brahmin of "Bharadvaja" gotra and he belonged to the Pashupata sect.
 His philosophical treatise, the "Nyāyavārttika " was written to defend Vatsyayana's "Nyāyavāṣya " against the criticisms made by Dignaga.
Nabadwip ( ) is a city under Municipal administration in the district of Nadia in West Bengal, (India).
 It is seated on the western bank of the Bhagirathi river.
 The Bhagirathi river originally flowed down the west of Nabadwip in the past, forming a natural boundary between the districts of Bardhaman and Nadia.
 With time it has shifted its course to where it is at present, cutting the city off from the rest of the Nadia district.
 It is considered to have been founded in 1063 AD, which served as the old capital of the Sena dynasty.
 It was a center of learning and philosophy in medieval India and is still noted for its traditional Sanskrit schools.
 The Navya Nyaya school of logic reached its peak with the efforts of some well known contemporary philosophers of Nabadwip.
 The great Vaishnava saint, social reformer and an important figure of the Bhakti movement, Chaitanya Mahaprabhu (1486–1533) was born here, for whose sake, this place has turned into an important center of pilgrimage for the Vaishnavs world wide as well as the Hindoos in general.
 Many devotees who adhere to the Gaudiya sect of Vaishnavism come to Nabadwip for pilgrimage on the auspicious occasion of the Birthday celebration of Shri Mahaprabhu on the Phalguni Purnima (i.e. on the Full moon day of the March every year), and for various festivals in relation to Leelas of Shri Mahaprabhu like Sri Nabadwip-mandala Parikrama and other festivities like Dol yatra, Ras purnima Gaura-purnima.
