Edward Michael "Mike"/"Spanky" Fincke (born March 14, 1967) is an American astronaut who formerly held the American record for the most time in space (381.6 days).
 His record was broken by Scott Kelly on October 16, 2015.
 He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, but considers its suburb Emsworth to be his hometown.
 He is a United States Air Force officer and a NASA astronaut, and served two tours aboard the International Space Station as a flight engineer and commander.
 He flew on one Space Shuttle mission, STS-134 as a Mission Specialist.
 Fincke is conversant in Japanese and Russian.
 He is married to Renita Saikia, and together they have three children; son Chandra and daughters Tarali and Surya.
Soyuz TMA-19 was a manned spaceflight to the International Space Station and is part of the Soyuz programme.
 It was launched June 15, 2010 carrying three members of the Expedition 24 crew to the International Space Station, who remained aboard the station for around six months.
 TMA-19 was the 106th manned flight of a Soyuz spacecraft, since the first mission which was launched in 1967.
 The spacecraft remained docked to the space station for the remainder of Expedition 24, and for Expedition 25, to serve as an emergency escape vehicle.
 It undocked from ISS and landed in Kazakhstan on the November 26, 2010.
 It was the 100th mission to be conducted as part of the International Space Station programme since assembly began in 1998.
The One-Year Mission on the International Space Station is a scientific research project that studies the health effects of long term spaceflight.
 Scott Kelly and Mikhail Korniyenko spent 342 days in space, with scientists performing medical experiments.
 Kelly and Kornienko launched on 27 March 2015 on Soyuz TMA-16M along with Gennady Padalka.
 The mission encompassed Expeditions 43, 44, 45 and 46.
 The pair safely landed in Kazakhstan on March 2, 2016, returning aboard Soyuz TMA-18M with Sergey Volkov.
 The mission supported the NASA Twins study, which helps shed light on the health effects of long duration spaceflight, which is of interest for Mars missions especially.
The R-bar pitch maneuver (RPM), popularly called the rendezvous pitch maneuver, was a maneuver performed by the space shuttle as it rendezvoused with the International Space Station (ISS) prior to docking.
 The shuttle performed a backflip that exposed its heat-shield to the crew of the ISS that made photographs of it.
 Based on the information gathered during the rendezvous pitch maneuver, the mission team could decide that the orbiter was not safe for re-entry.
 They may have then decided either to wait on the ISS for a rescue mission or attempt extra-vehicular activity to repair the heat shield and secure the safe re-entry of the orbiter.
 This was a standard procedure for all space shuttles docking to the International Space Station after a damaged heat shield caused the "Columbia" disaster.
The International Space Station program is tied together by a complex set of legal, political and financial agreements between the fifteen nations involved in the project, governing ownership of the various components, rights to crewing and utilization, and responsibilities for crew rotation and station resupply.
 These agreements tie together the five space agencies and their respective International Space Station Programs and govern how they interact with each other on a daily basis to maintain station operations, from traffic control of spacecraft to and from the station, to utilization of space and crew time.
 In spring 2010, the International Space Station Program Managers from each of the five partner agencies were presented with Aviation Week's Laureate Award in the Space category, and NASA's International Space Station Program was awarded the 2009 Collier Trophy.
STS-123 was a Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station (ISS) which was flown by Space Shuttle "Endeavour".
 STS-123 was the 1J/A ISS assembly mission.
 The original launch target date was 14 February 2008 but after the delay of STS-122, the shuttle was launched on 11 March 2008.
 It was the twenty-fifth shuttle mission to visit the ISS, and delivered the first module of the Japanese laboratory, Japanese Experiment Module (Kibō), and the Canadian Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator, (SPDM) "Dextre" robotics system to the station.
 The mission duration was 15 days and 18 hours, and it was the first mission to fully utilize the Station-to-Shuttle Power Transfer System (SSPTS), allowing space station power to augment the shuttle power systems.
 The mission set a record for a shuttle's longest stay at the ISS.
The ISS Space Sky Laser is a Class IV high power laser light projection system utilized primarily for use at the Kennedy Space Center (VC) to project an extreme 0.1 of divergence 532Nm (Neon Green) high power 200+ Watt laser beam at the ISS International Space Station for KSCVC view tracking on December, 26-31st 2014.
 The first space sky laser light projection was used for 12 hours continuously just prior to send off of the NASA Delta IV heavy rocket launch with Orion EFT-1 Mars deep space capsule into space on December, 5th 2014.
 The "ISS Space Sky Laser" was filmed by the news media from many outlets that stipulated that the color green from the laser signify's "Go" for launch and that the brightly illuminated high power laser beam was a send off to the Orion EFT-1 capsule to the Planet Mars even though it was an unmanned test flight.
 The "ISS Space Sky Laser" is the only type of visible high power laser ever used at the Kennedy Space center in History.
 The ISS Space Sky Laser" light projection system was developed by Tribal Existence Productions Worldwide (TEP Worldwide) and was certified by NASA's 's radiation protection officer Randall Scott CLSO and Ino Medic Heath Physics Department of NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration) and remains on file for approved use with governmental, science and education uses with the operational design guidance from Tribal Existence Productions Worldwide.
Soyuz TMA-4 was a Soyuz mission to the International Space Station (ISS) launched by a Soyuz FG launch vehicle.
 It was launched on April 19, 2004 (UTC) from Baikonur Cosmodrome.
 Gennady Padalka from Russia, Michael Fincke from the USA and André Kuipers from the Netherlands were flown to the International Space Station.
 Kuipers returned to Earth 9 days later together with ISS crew 8 with the re-entry module of the Soyuz TMA-3, the other two stayed as ISS crew 9.
 The craft landed October 24, 2004 with Padalka, Fincke and Yuri Shargin aboard.
Scott Joseph Kelly (born February 21, 1964 in Orange, New Jersey) is an engineer, retired American astronaut, and a retired U.S. Navy Captain.
 A veteran of four space flights, Kelly commanded the International Space Station (ISS) on Expeditions 26, 45, and 46.
Expedition 45 was the 45th expedition to the International Space Station.
 Scott Kelly and Mikhail Korniyenko transferred from Expedition 44 as part of their year-long stay aboard the ISS.
 Expedition 45 began with the arrival of Soyuz TMA-18M at the ISS on September 11, 2015, and concluded with the departure of Soyuz TMA-17M on December 11 2015.
 Kelly, Korniyenko and Sergey Volkov then transferred to the crew of Expedition 46.
