Custody is a 2007 Lifetime television movie, starring Rob Morrow, James Denton, and Kay Panabaker about a widower's fight for custody of the daughter he raised and legally adopted, when her birth father who abandoned her returns.
 Aired on September 8, 2007.
 It was filmed in and around Ottawa on locations such as the University of Ottawa, Rideau Canal, and Le Chateau Montebello.
 It was based on the book "Figures of Echo", by Mary S. Herczog.
Nancy Drew is a 2007 American mystery comedy film loosely based on the popular series of mystery novels about the titular teen detective.
 It stars Emma Roberts as Nancy Drew, Max Thieriot as Ned, Kay Panabaker as George, and Amy Bruckner as Bess Marvin.
 Set in Los Angeles, it was directed by Andrew Fleming.
Life Is Ruff is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Kyle Massey, Mitchel Musso, and Kay Panabaker.
Stephanie Kay Panabaker (born May 2, 1990) is an American actress, voice actress, and zookeeper.
 She is best known for her roles as Jenny Garison in the 2009 reboot of "Fame", Debbie Berwick on "Phil of the Future" and Nikki Westerly on "Summerland".
 She is the younger sister of Danielle Panabaker.
Beverly Hills Chihuahua 3: Viva la Fiesta!
 is a 2012 American direct-to-DVD comedy film directed by Lev L. Spiro.
 It is the third and final installment of the "Beverly Hills Chihuahua" series, and stars George Lopez, Odette Annable and Logan Grove.
 The film focuses on Papi, Chloe and the puppies moving to a hotel.
 Pedro finds love when he falls head over heels for Charlotte.
 The film was released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on September 18, 2012 in a two-disc Blu-ray/DVD combo pack.
 Zachary Gordon and Chantily Spalan did not reprise their roles as Papi, Jr. and Rosa.
 This was Kay Panabaker's final film before she retired to become a zoologist.
Read It and Weep is a 2006 Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered on July 21, 2006.
 It is based on the novel "How My Private, Personal Journal Became A Bestseller" by Julia DeVillers.
 Sisters Kay and Danielle Panabaker star as Jamie Bartlett and her alter ego Isabella (Iz or Is), respectively.
 Both sisters have starred in previous Disney Channel films: Kay in "Life Is Ruff" (2005), and Danielle in "Stuck in the Suburbs" (2004), like "Read It and Weep", those films also premiered in July in their respective years.
Little Birds is a 2011 American film written and directed by Elgin James, and starring Juno Temple and Kay Panabaker.
 The film follows two girls that leave home to follow two skateboarders to Los Angeles and is loosely based on the life of director Elgin James.
 The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival, with Millennium Entertainment acquiring the North American rights to the film.
Danielle Nicole Panabaker (born September 19, 1987) is an American actress.
 She began acting as a teenager and first came to prominence for her roles in the Disney films "Stuck in the Suburbs" (2004), "Sky High" (2005) and "Read It and Weep" (2006), the latter alongside her younger sister Kay Panabaker, and in the HBO miniseries "Empire Falls" (2005).
Moondance Alexander is a comedy-drama film directed by Michael Damian and written by Janeen Damian.
 The film was released in North America in October, 2007.
 The story is shot on location in Okotoks, High River and Calgary, Alberta, Canada and is based on actual events from the life of Janeen Damian.
 It stars former Summerland (TV series) co-stars Kay Panabaker as Moondance Alexander and Lori Loughlin as Gelsey Alexander.
 The movie co-stars Don Johnson and Olympic-skating silver medalist Sasha Cohen.
Danielle Nicole was previously in the band Trampled Under Foot with her brothers Kris and Nick Schnebelen.
 At the 2014 Blues Music Awards, Trampled Under Foot's album, "Badlands", won the 'Contemporary Blues Album of the Year' category.
 At the same ceremony, Danielle Nicole, under the name of Danielle Schnebelen, triumphed in the 'Best Instrumentalist – Bass' category.
 The band was also nominated in the 'Band of the Year' category.
