Henopause, a wordplay combination of "hen" and "menopause", is sometimes used to refer to the point at which hens stop laying eggs. Although daily egg production starts to tail off after 1 year old, it may continue until 5–7 years old.
 Older hens gradually produce fewer eggs, and the eggs are usually larger.
 Since the average lifespan of a pet layer hen is 8–15 years, henopause has received attention as a potential problem for backyard or urban chicken farmers who are eventually faced with the decision to either slaughter older layers or keep them as non-producing pets.
 In the UK, the British Hen Welfare Trust charity rescues commercial hens who would otherwise be sent to slaughter when they become no longer commercially viable.
 In commercial farming, a layer hen is considered no longer commercially viable at around thirteen months and is called a "spent hen".
The inshore lizardfish, "Synodus foetens", is a member of the family Synodontidae (Russell et al. 2015).
 The body of this species is elongated, similar to a cigar-shape (Harry 2016).
 The inshore lizardfish has a maximum length recorded of about 50cm but generally we see them at about 40 cm long.
 Their lifespan can be up to nine years (Russell et al. 2015).
 The maximum weight has been seen as 900 grams (Russell et al. 2015).
 Females are generally larger than males when mature (Harry 2016).
 The shape of the mouth of this species is large and pointed.
 The snout is pointed.
 The top jaw extends beyond the eye.
 There are a lot of slender teeth present in the roof of the mouth and jaws.
 The lateral line is considered to be well marked (Robins et al. 1986).
 The lateral line encompasses around 60 scales along the length (Harry 2016).
 The inshore lizardfish has zero dorsal spines, 10-13 dorsal soft rays, zero anal spines, 11-13 anal soft rays, and 56-62 vertebrae (Robins et al. 1986).
 The color of the dorsal side of the lizardfish ranges from various shades of brown to olive.
 The belly side ranges from white to yellow.
 Juveniles have dark spots, these spots are reduced/absent in adults.
 The sides of the inshore lizardfish have patches that are diamond shaped (Harry 2016).
 These patches vary in occurrence and intensity, they usually fade with growth and usually occur at the mid-lateral line on the fish (Robins et al. 1986).
 The dorsal fin can be seen at the center of the back.
 An adipose fin is present in this species, usually showing a darker spot (Harry 2016).
 The adipose fin is small in size with the base of the fin being no longer than the diameter of the pupil (Robins et al. 1986).
 The anal fin is usually equal in length or longer than the dorsal fin (Harry 2016).
Brad Keywell (born October 1969) is an entrepreneur based in Chicago.
 He is co-founder and CEO of Uptake, a predictive analytics SaaS platform provider that empowers companies in major industries to optimize performance, reduce asset failures and enhance safety.
 He is a Managing Partner and co-founder of Lightbank, a venture fund investing in disruptive technology businesses.
 He is a co-founder and director of Groupon.
 He is a co-founder and director of Mediaocean, which provides integrated technology operating systems to the advertising and media buying industry.
 He is a co-founder and director of Echo Global Logistics, a technology-based enterprise transportation management firm.
 In 2015 Brad and his wife Kim took The Giving Pledge to give away half of their wealth.
 He is an Adjunct Professor at the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago, teaching a course along with Eric Lefkofsky entitled "Building Internet Startups."
The storage of cultural heritage objects typically falls to the responsibility of cultural heritage institutions, or individuals.
 The proper storage of these objects can help to ensure a longer lifespan for the object with minimal damage or degradation.
 With so many different types of artifacts, materials, and combinations of materials, keepers of these artifacts often have considerable knowledge of the best practices in storing these objects to preserve their original state.
Brian Rice is an entrepreneur, professor, and founder of Business 2 Community, a top 100 business blog as ranked by Technorati and "Top 150 Blog" by Advertising Age.
 He is the Director of Integrated Marketing for SAP where he is responsible helping to optimize the organization's digital experiences.
 He is an adjunct marketing professor at Cabrini College and a regular contributor for many business publications.
 He has been interviewed on the topics of social media by publications such as Forbes Magazine and GetApp.com.
Jonathan Betts-LaCroix, (né Jonathan Betts) better known as Joe Betts-LaCroix, is an American scientist and entrepreneur known for his discoveries in biophysics and for creating the world's smallest personal computer.
 He is working to optimize medical research priorities in the U.S.
BootVis is a Microsoft computer application that allows "PC system designers and software developers" (not aimed at end-users) to check how long a Windows XP machine takes to boot, and then to optimize the boot process, sometimes considerably reducing the time required.
 BootVis has been replaced with XbootMgr, and as such it is no longer available from the company's website.
GLONASS-K is the latest satellite design intended as a part of the Russian GLONASS radio-based satellite navigation system.
 Developed by ISS Reshetnev (Reshetnev Information Satellite Systems) and first launched on 26 February 2011, it is a substantial improvement of the previous GLONASS-M second-generation satellites, having a longer lifespan and better accuracy.
A heritage turkey is one of a variety of strains of domestic turkey which retains historic characteristics that are no longer present in the majority of turkeys raised for consumption since the mid-20th century.
 Heritage turkeys can be differentiated from other domestic turkeys in that they are biologically capable of being raised in a manner that more closely matches the natural behavior and life cycle of wild turkeys. Heritage turkeys have a relatively long lifespan and a much slower growth rate than turkeys bred for industrial agriculture, and unlike industrially-bred turkeys, can reproduce without artificial insemination.
Calorie restriction mimetics (CRM), also known as Energy restriction mimetics, designate a hypothetical class of dietary supplement or drug candidate that would in principle mimic the substantial anti-aging effects that calorie restriction (CR) has on many laboratory animals.
 CR is defined as a reduction in calorie intake of 20% (mild CR) to 50% (severe CR) without incurring malnutrition or a reduction in essential nutrients.
 An effective CRM would alter the key metabolic pathways involved in the effects of CR itself, leading to preserved youthful health and longer lifespan without the need to reduce food intake.
 The term was coined by Lane, Ingram, Roth of the National Institute on Aging in a seminal 1998 paper in the "Journal of Anti-Aging Medicine", the forerunner of "Rejuvenation Research".
 A number of genes and pathways have been shown to be involved the actions of CR in model organisms and these represent attractive targets for drug discovery and for developing CRM.
 However, no effective CRM have been identified to date.
