Sandesaya (Sinhalese language word meaning "The Message") is a 1960 film.
 The film based on the war between the Sri Lankan people and the Portuguese invaders in Sri Lanka.
 It was directed by Sri Lankan film director Lester James Peries.
 It was produced by K. Gunaratnam on behalf of the Cinemas Company on the request of Raj Kapoor.
Ammawarune (Elegy for a Mother) (Sinhalese: "අම්මාවරුනේ" ) is a 2006 Sri Lankan Sinhala drama film directed by Dr. Lester James Peries and produced by Jagath Wijenayake for Silumina Films.
 It stars Malini Fonseka, and Pradeep Dharmadasa in lead roles along with Roshan Pilapitiya and Sanath Gunathilake.
 Music composed by veteran musician Premasiri Khemadasa.
 It is the last film directed by Lester James Pieris as well.
 It is the 1081st Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema.
 The film screened in many countries such as Australia and New Zealand on a special request.
Yuganthaya is a 1983 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Lester James Peries; it was adapted from the novel "Yuganthaya" by Martin Wickramasinghe, and deals with the beginning of labor unions in Sri Lanka.
Gamperaliya is a 1963 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Dr. Lester James Peries screenplay, dialog and the script by Dr. Tissa Abeysekara; it was adapted from the novel "Gamperaliya" by Martin Wickramasinghe.
 The film was groundbreaking in Sinhala cinema shot entirely outside of a studio using one lamp and hand held lights for lighting.
 The movie exemplifies Peries's use of family tensions to symbolize wider issues.
Sri Lankabhimanya Ranasinghe Premadasa (Sinhalese: රණසිංහ ප්‍රේමදාස ,Tamil: ரணசிங்க பிரேமதாசா ; 23 June 1924 – 1 May 1993) was the third President of Sri Lanka from 2 January 1989 to 1 May 1993.
 Before that, he served as the Prime Minister in the government headed by J. R. Jayewardene from 6 February 1978 to 1 January 1989.
 He was awarded Sri Lanka's most highest award to a civilian Sri Lankabhimanya in 1986 by President Junius Richard Jayewardene, the first to receive in Sri Lankan history.
 He was assassinated in Colombo in a suicide bombing by the LTTE.
Sri Lankabhimanya Lester James Peries (Sinhala: ශ්‍රී ලංකාභිමාන්‍ය ලෙස්ටර් ජේම්ස් පීරිස්) (born 5 April 1919) is an internationally acclaimed Sri Lankan film director, screenwriter, and film producer.
 An active filmmaker since 1949, Peries has been involved in over 28 films, including shorts and documentaries.
 He has received critical acclaim for directing "Rekava", "Gamperaliya", "Nidhanaya", "Golu Hadawatha", "Kaliyugaya", "Awaragira" and "Yuganthaya".
 His movie "Wekande Walauwa", starring Ravindra Randeniya and Malini Fonseka, was Sri Lanka's first ever submission for the Academy Awards.
 Peries' films often deal with Sri Lankan family life in rural settings and conflicted characters.
 He helped create an authentic expression of Sinhala Cinema.
Sri Lankabhimanya (Sinhalese: ශ්‍රී ලංකාභිමාන්‍ය ; Tamil: சிறீ லங்காபிமான்ய , "Ciṟī Laṅkāpimāṉya " ; The Pride of Sri Lanka) is the highest national honour of Sri Lanka awarded by the President of Sri Lanka on behalf of the Government.
 It is the highest civil honour and is conferred upon ""those who have rendered exceptionally outstanding and most distinguished service to the nation"".
 The honour can only be held by five Sri Lankans contemporaneously, and may also be conferred posthumously.
 The honour is conventionally used as a title or prefix to the name of the person who receives the award.
 To date it has only been awarded eight times, since 1986.
 Currently, A. T. Ariyaratne and Lester James Peries hold the honour.
 The title is also referred to as Lankabhimanya (Pride of Lanka).
Sri Lankabhimanya Dingiri Banda Wijetunga (Sinhalese: ඩිංගිරි බණ්ඩා විජේතුංග ,Tamil: டிங்கிரி பண்ட விஜேதுங்க ; 15 February 1916 – 21 September 2008) was the fourth President of Sri Lanka from 1 May 1993 to 12 November 1994, Prime Minister of Sri Lanka from 3 March 1989 to 7 May 1993 and the Governor of North Western province, Sri Lanka from 1988 to 1989.
 He was awarded Sri Lanka's most highest award to a civilian Sri Lankabhimanya in 1993 by President Ranasinghe Premadasa
The '43 Group was a school of modern mid 20th-century painting in Sri Lanka, established in 1943.
 The group was essentially an association of like-minded painters who had broken away from the Ceylon Society of Arts, led by photographer and critic Lionel Wendt, including key members Harold Peiris, George Keyt, Justin Daraniyagala, Ivan Peries, Aubrey Collette, Richard Gabriel, Geoffrey Beling, George Claessen, Swanee Jayawardene and L T P Manjusri Thero.
 Lester James Peries became a latter associate of the group.
 The paintings of the group constituted a historic break in Sri Lankan and, more generally, South Asian tradition.
 Their principal contribution was the absorption and adaptation of the modern movement in Europe, and their application of this to their contemporary Sri Lankan experience.
 They also promoted Kandyan dance and other Sri Lankan dance forms.
Sumitra Peries (born 24 March 1934) is the first Sri Lankan female filmmaker and is known by all as the "Poetess of Sinhala Cinema".
 She also held the post of Sri Lanka's ambassador to France, Spain and the United Nations in the late 1990s.
 Of her films the more popular ones are "Gehenu Lamai", "Ganga Addara" and "Yahaluvo".
 She is married to the most prolific Sri Lankan film director Dr. Lester James Peries.
