Google Cultural Institute is an initiative unveiled by Google following the 2011 launch of the Google Art Project.
 The Cultural Institute was launched in 2011, and put 42 new exhibits online on October 10, 2012.
 It is "an effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations."
 As of June 2013, it included over 6 million items - photos, videos, and documents.
 The Cultural Institute has partnered with a number of institutions to make exhibition and archival content available online, including the British Museum, Yad Vashem, the Museo Galileo in Florence, the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum, and the Museum of Polish History in Warsaw.
 The earliest notable project was a searchable archive and online digital exhibition series, in partnership with the Nelson Mandela Centre of Memory, which allowed people to access Nelson Mandela's personal diaries and previously unreleased drafts of his manuscripts for the sequel to his autobiography Long Walk to Freedom.
The Mills Archive was established in 2002 to preserve and protect records of milling heritage and to make them freely available to the public.
 It is governed by the Mills Archive Trust, which is a charity that is based at Watlington House, Reading, Berkshire.
The Joint Network Emulator (JNE) project is used to model and develop a wide array of tactical radio technologies that span the joint services of Army, Navy and Airforce under Project Manager Joint Tactical Networks (PMJTN).
 This program aims to develop and enhance all joint networking waveforms with common network managers.
 Scalable Network Technologies first developed the project as the JTRS Network Emulator before the official project expired and the company continued its development of radio technologies with PMJTN.
Katmai National Park and Preserve is a United States National Park and Preserve in southern Alaska, notable for the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes and for its Alaskan brown bears.
 The park and preserve covers 4,093,077 acres , being roughly the size of Wales.
 Most of this is a designated wilderness area in the national park where all hunting is banned, including over 3922000 acres of land.
 The park is named after Mount Katmai, its centerpiece stratovolcano.
 The park is located on the Alaska Peninsula, across from Kodiak Island, with headquarters in nearby King Salmon, about 290 mi southwest of Anchorage.
 The area was first designated a national monument in 1918 to protect the area around the major 1912 volcanic eruption of Novarupta, which formed the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes, a 40 sqmi , 100 to pyroclastic flow.
 The park includes as many as 18 individual volcanoes, seven of which have been active since 1900.
Stanley R. Lee (died 1997) was an advertising executive who wrote the novels "Dunn's Conundrum" (1985) and "The God Project" (1990) under the name "Stan Lee".
 He was copywriter for the notorious political commercial "Daisy" for the advertising firm DDB Worldwide and worked his way up to Senior Vice President of that company before being laid off in 1974.
Dioryctria fordi is a species of snout moth in the genus "Dioryctria".
 It was described by Julian P. Donahue and Herbert H. Neunzig in 2002 and is known from the US state of California.
The Julian P. Kanter Political Commercial Archive at the University of Oklahoma is a depository for political television and radio commercials.
 The purpose of the archive is to preserve these materials while making them available for research.
 The Julian P. Kanter Political Commercial Archive has been designated an official project by Save America's Treasures.
One Day in History was a single-day initiative by several UK heritage organisations that aimed to provide a historical record of the everyday life of the British public in the early 21st century.
 Described as the "world's biggest blog", it encouraged UK citizens to write diary entries of 100–650 words of what they had done on 17 October 2006, and then upload them to the official website of the initiative.
 The project formed a part of , a history campaign led by several UK heritage organisations.
 Submissions were received until 1 November, and 46,000 entries were uploaded in this time, many of which were from students and celebrities.
 After being available to view on the History Matters website, the archive of the diary entries was moved to the UK Web Archive at the British Library and the library of the University of Sussex.
 The campaign received mixed reviews, with Institute of Historical Research's David Cannadine and "The Guardian"'s Dave Hill speaking positively of it, whereas journalist John Plunkett termed it to be a "historical record of people with computers".
Dioryctria westerlandi is a species of snout moth in the genus "Dioryctria".
 It was described by Julian P. Donahue and Herbert H. Neunzig in 2002 and is known from the US state of California, but the range may extend into Nevada.
Margaret Julia Mitchell (popularly known as Maggie Mitchell) (1832–1918) was an American actress, born in New York City.
 She made her first regular appearance as Julia in "The Soldier's Daughter" at the Chambers Street Theatre in 1851.
 The parts in which she was best liked were Jane Eyre, Mignon, Little Barefoot, and Fanchon the Cricket.
 An early marriage in the 1850s produced her son Julian Mitchell.
 She was married to her second husband Henry Paddock, her manager, in 1868, and they had two children Fanchon and Harry M. Paddock.
 They divorced twenty years later and she was wed to Charles Abbott, and retired from the stage to live in New York.
 Notably she was the mother of Julian P. Mitchell, a musical comedy director associated with Weber & Fields and Florenz Ziegfeld.
 After her death on March 22, 1918, Maggie Mitchell was interred in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn.
