The Maze Runner is a 2009 young adult post-apocalyptic dystopian science fiction novel written by American author James Dashner and the first book released in "The Maze Runner" series, although it is the third chronologically.
 The novel was published on October 7, 2009 by Delacorte Press, an imprint of Random House, and was made into a 2014 major motion picture by 20th Century Fox.
Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials (stylized onscreen simply as The Scorch Trials) is a 2015 American dystopian science fiction action thriller film based on James Dashner's novel "The Scorch Trials", the second novel in "The Maze Runner" book series.
 The film is the sequel to the 2014 film "The Maze Runner" and the second installment in "The Maze Runner" film series.
 It was directed by Wes Ball, with a screenplay by T.S. Nowlin.
 Adding to the original film's cast of Dylan O'Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Dexter Darden, Alexander Flores, Ki Hong Lee, and Patricia Clarkson, the new supporting cast includes Nathalie Emmanuel, Giancarlo Esposito, Aidan Gillen, Jacob Lofland, Barry Pepper, Rosa Salazar, Lili Taylor, and Alan Tudyk.
The Kill Order is a 2012 young adult dystopian science fiction novel written by American author James Dashner and published on August 14, 2012 by Delacorte Press.
 It is the first prequel book in "The Maze Runner" series and the fourth installment overall.
 The book is set prior to the events of "The Fever Code" and 13 years before "The Maze Runner" book.
The Death Cure is a 2011 young adult dystopian science fiction novel written by American writer James Dashner and the third book, fifth chronologically, in the "Maze Runner" series.
 It was published on October 11, 2011 by Delacorte Press and was preceded by "The Maze Runner" and "The Scorch Trials" and followed by the series prequels, "The Kill Order and The Fever Code."
Maze Runner: The Death Cure (also known simply as The Death Cure) is an upcoming American dystopian science-fiction action thriller film directed by Wes Ball, based on "The Death Cure", the final book in "The Maze Runner" trilogy, written by James Dashner, with a screenplay by T.S. Nowlin.
 It is the sequel to the 2015 film "" and the third and final installment in the "Maze Runner" film series.
The Fever Code is a 2016 young adult dystopian science fiction novel written by American author James Dashner and published on September 27, 2016 by Delacorte Press.
 It is the second prequel book in "The Maze Runner" series and the fifth installment overall.
 The book is chronologically set in between the events of "The Kill Order" and immediately before "The Maze Runner" book.
Dylan O'Brien (born August 26, 1991) is an American actor.
 He first received attention as "Stiles" Stilinski in the MTV series "Teen Wolf", and transitioned to film in projects such as "The First Time", "The Internship" and "Deepwater Horizon", and as the lead in the dystopian science-fiction adventure series "The Maze Runner", consisting of "The Maze Runner" and its sequel, "".
 He is set to reprise his role in the final installment, ""; its release, which is scheduled for January 26, 2018, was delayed after O'Brien was injured in an on-set accident.
The Scorch Trials is a 2010 young adult post-apocalyptic dystopian science fiction novel written by American author James Dashner and the second book, fourth chronologically, in "The Maze Runner" series.
 The novel was published on September 18, 2010 by Delacorte Press.
 It is preceded by "The Maze Runner", and followed by "The Death Cure".
 A was released on September 18, 2015 by 20th Century Fox.
The Maze Runner is a series of young adult dystopian science fiction novels written by American author James Dashner.
 The series consists of "The Maze Runner" (2009), "The Scorch Trials" (2010) and "The Death Cure" (2011), as well as the two prequel novels, "The Kill Order" (2012) and "The Fever Code" (2016), and a companion book titled "The Maze Runner Files" (2013).
The Maze Runner is a 2014 American dystopian science fiction action thriller film directed by Wes Ball, in his directorial debut, based on James Dashner's 2009 novel of the same name.
 The film is the first installment in "The Maze Runner" film series and was produced by Ellen Goldsmith-Vein, Wyck Godfrey, Marty Bowen, and Lee Stollman with a screenplay by Noah Oppenheim, Grant Pierce Myers, and T.S. Nowlin.
 The film stars Dylan O'Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Aml Ameen, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Ki Hong Lee, Will Poulter, and Patricia Clarkson.
 The story follows sixteen-year-old Thomas, portrayed by O'Brien, who awakens in a rusty elevator with no memory of who he is, only to learn he's been delivered to the middle of an intricate maze, along with a large number of other boys, who have been trying to find their way out of the ever-changing labyrinth — all while establishing a functioning society in what they call the Glade.
