Henry Madison Morris (October 6, 1918 вҖ“ February 25, 2006) was an American young Earth creationist, Christian apologist, and engineer.
 He was one of the founders of the Creation Research Society and the Institute for Creation Research.
 He is considered by many to be "the father of modern creation science."
 He is widely known for coauthoring "The Genesis Flood" with John C. Whitcomb in 1961.
Frank Lewis Marsh (18 October 1899, Aledo, Illinois вҖ“ 14 July 1992) was an American Seventh-day Adventist biologist, educator and young Earth creationist author.
 In 1963 he was one of the ten founding members of the Creation Research Society.
The Institute for Creation Research (ICR) is a Creationist apologetics institute in Dallas, Texas that specializes in media promotion of pseudoscientific creation science and interpretation of the Genesis creation narrative as a historical event.
 The ICR adopts the Bible as an inerrant and literal documentary of scientific and historical fact as well as religious and moral truths, and espouses a Young Earth creationist worldview.
 It rejects evolutionary biology, which it views as a corrupting moral and social influence and threat to religious belief.
 The ICR was formed by Henry M. Morris in 1972 following an organizational split with the Creation Science Research Center (CSRC).
The Creation Research Society (CRS) is a Christian research group that engages in creation science.
 The organization has produced various publications, including a journal and a creation-based biology textbook.
 During the first few years of its existence, different beliefs about Creationism and disagreement over its statement of beliefs resulted in various members of the board and voting members being forced out of the organization.
Hendren et al. v. Campbell et al. was a 1977 ruling by an Indiana state superior court that the young-earth creationist textbook could not be used in Indiana public schools.
 Jon Hendren, a ninth-grade student in the West Clark Community Schools, sued when the district picked "Biology: A Search For Order In Complexity", published by the Creation Research Society and promoted through the Institute for Creation Research, as the sole biology textbook.
The Genesis Flood: The Biblical Record and its Scientific Implications is a 1961 book by young earth creationists John C. Whitcomb and Henry M. Morris that, according to Ronald Numbers, elevated young earth creationism "to a position of fundamentalist orthodoxy."
Noah's Ark (Hebrew: ЧӘЧҷЧ‘ЧӘ Ч Ч—вҖҺ вҖҺ ; Biblical Hebrew: "Tevat NoaбёҘ") is the vessel in the Genesis flood narrative (Genesis chapters 6вҖ“9) by which God spares Noah, his family, and a remnant of all the world's animals from a world-engulfing flood.
 According to Genesis, God gave Noah instructions for building the ark.
 Seven days before the deluge, God told Noah to enter the ark with his household and the animals.
 The story goes on to describe the ark being afloat for 150 days and then coming to rest on the Mountains of Ararat and the subsequent receding of the waters.
 The story is repeated, with variations, in the Quran, where the ark appears as "Safina NЕ«бёҘ" (Arabic: ШіЩҒЩҠЩҶШ© ЩҶЩҲШӯвҖҺ вҖҺ "Noah's boat").
 The Genesis flood narrative is similar to numerous other flood myths from a variety of cultures.
 The earliest known written flood myth is the Sumerian flood myth found in the "Epic of Ziusudra".
The Biblical Creation Society (BCS) is a United Kingdom-based creationary organisation founded in 1977 by Scottish minister Nigel M. de S. Cameron (now President of the Center for Policy on Emerging Technologies and a group of evangelical students, who were concerned about the popularity of theistic evolution among conservative Christians, but were repelled by the "wholly negative" attitude of the Evolution Protest Movement.
 Although inspired by the scientific creationism of John C. Whitcomb and Henry M. Morris (authors of "The Genesis Flood"), it refused to limit its membership to only Young Earth creationists, and in its name rejected American attempts to separate scientific creationism from its Biblical roots (a separation rendered unnecessary by the lack of constitutional barriers to teaching creationism in the United Kingdom).
 The organisation is based in Rugby, Warwickshire.
John Clement Whitcomb, Jr. (born June 22, 1924 in Washington, D.C.) is an American theologian and young earth creationist.
 He is well known as the co-author with Henry M. Morris of "The Genesis Flood", which influenced many conservative American Christians to adopt Flood geology.
The RATE project (Radioisotopes and the Age of The Earth) was a research project conducted by the Creation Research Society and the Institute for Creation Research between 1997 and 2005 to assess the validity of radiometric dating and other dating techniques in the light of the doctrine of a recent creation.
 It was funded by $250,000 from the Institute for Creation Research and over $1 million in donations.
 The RATE team was chaired by Larry Vardiman (meteorology) and included Steven A. Austin (soft rock geology), John Baumgardner (geophysics), Steven W. Boyd (Hebrew), Eugene F. Chaffin (physics), Donald B. DeYoung (physics), Russell Humphreys (physics) and Andrew Snelling (hard rock geology).
