Sir David Alexander Cecil Low (7 April 1891 – 19 September 1963) was a New Zealand political cartoonist and caricaturist who lived and worked in the United Kingdom for many years.
 Low was a self-taught cartoonist.
 Born in New Zealand, he worked in his native country before migrating to Sydney in 1911, and ultimately to London (1919), where he made his career and earned fame for his Colonel Blimp depictions and his merciless satirising of the personalities and policies of German dictator Adolf Hitler, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini, Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, and other leaders of his times.
Patission Street (Greek: Οδός Πατησίων ) is one of the major streets in central Athens, Greece.
 Though it is known as Patission, its name was changed to 28 October Street, commemorating the day in 1940 that the Greek dictator Ioannis Metaxas refused the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini's ultimatum that Greece submit to Italian control, thus starting the Greco-Italian War.
Vittorio Mussolini (27 September 1916 – 12 June 1997) was an Italian film critic and producer.
 He was also the second son of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
 However, he was the first officially acknowledged son of Mussolini, with his second wife Rachele; his older half-brother was never officially acknowledged by Mussolini's fascist regime.
Enrico Ferri (25 February 1856 – 12 April 1929) was an Italian criminologist, socialist and student of Cesare Lombroso, the founder of the Italian school of criminology.
 While Lombroso researched the purported physiological factors that motivated criminals, Ferri investigated social and economic aspects.
 He served as editor of the socialist daily "Avanti!
" and, in 1884, saw his book "Criminal Sociology" published.
 Later, his work served as the basis for Argentina’s penal code of 1921.
 Although at first he rejected the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini, Ferri later became one of Mussolini and his National Fascist Party's main external supporters.
Italo Balbo (Ferrara, 6 June 1896 – Tobruk, 28 June 1940) was an Italian Blackshirt ("Camicie Nere", or CCNN) leader who served as Italy's Marshal of the Air Force ("Maresciallo dell'Aria"), Governor-General of Libya, Commander-in-Chief of Italian North Africa ("Africa Settentrionale Italiana", or ASI), and the "heir apparent" to Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
Mussolini: The Untold Story is a television biographical miniseries drama that aired in November 1985.
 The series followed the rise, rule, and downfall of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini played by US actor George C. Scott.
 Similar to "", the miniseries is spoken in English instead of the titular character's native language.
The Italian Co-Belligerent Navy (Marina Cobelligerante Italiana), or Navy of the South (Marina del Sud) or Royal Navy (Regia Marina), was the navy of the Italian royalist forces fighting on the side of the Allies in southern Italy after the Allied armistice with Italy in September 1943.
 The Italian seamen fighting for this navy no longer fought for Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
 Their allegiance was to King Victor Emmanuel and Marshal of Italy ("Maresciallo d'Italia") Pietro Badoglio, the men who ousted Mussolini.
Last Days of Mussolini (Italian: "Mussolini: Ultimo atto") is a 1975 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani and starring Rod Steiger, Franco Nero and Lisa Gastoni.
 The film depicts the down fall of the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
Antonio Goicoechea (21 January 1876 in Barcelona – 11 February 1953 in Madrid) was an Alfonsine monarchist in Spain during the period of the Second Spanish Republic and the Spanish Civil War.
 He briefly served as Minister of the Interior from 15 April 1919 to 20 July 1919 in a Maura cabinet.
 He led the "Renovación Española" political party.
 Prior to the Civil War, Goicoechea in 1934 had negotiated alongside with Carlist monarchists Antonio Lizarza Iribarren and Rafael de Olazábal y Eulate with Italian dictator Benito Mussolini on a military agreement that would guarantee Italian support of their movements should a civil war erupt in Spain.
 However, when the Civil War did erupt in 1936, it had not been initiated by Goicoechea or other members of the agreement, but rather a group of army officers, thus Goicoechea's agreement with Mussolini did not go forward.
 After Falange Española Tradicionalista y de las Juntas de Ofensiva Nacional Sindicalista emerged in 1937, Goicoechea dissolved "Renovación Española" and worked as Governor of the Bank of Spain (from 1938 to 1950) and Procurador en Cortes (representative of the Francoist legislature).
Bruno Mussolini (22 April 1918 – 7 August 1941) was the son of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini and Mussolini's wife Rachele.
