The Special Tony Award category includes the Lifetime Achievement Award and Special Tony Award.
 These are non-competitive honorary awards, and the titles have changed over the years.
 The Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre is to "honor an individual for the body of his or her work."
 (The Tony Award for Best Special Theatrical Event was a competitive award, given from 2001 to 2009.)
 Another non-competitive Tony award is the Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre, to "recognize the achievements of individuals and organizations that do not fit into any of the competitive categories."
Jeanine Tesori (born November 10, 1961, known earlier in her career as Jeanine Levenson) is an American composer and musical arranger.
 She is the most prolific and honored female theatrical composer in history, with five Broadway musicals and five Tony Award nominations.
 She won the 1999 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Music in a Play for Nicholas Hytner's production of "Twelfth Night" at Lincoln Center and the 2004 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Music for "Caroline, or Change", and the 2015 Tony Award for Best Original Score for "Fun Home" (shared with Lisa Kron), making them the first female writing team to win that award.
The first Tony Award for "Best Sound Design of a Play" and "Best Sound Design of a Musical" was given in the 2007-2008 season.
 In 2014, the Tony Awards Administration Committee announced that starting with the 2014-2015 season the Tony Award for Best Sound Design in a Play/Musical would be eliminated.
 The Tony Administration Committee may bestow a Special Tony Award to a production when it determines that extraordinary sound design has been achieved.
Quiara Alegría Hudes (born 1977) is an American playwright and composer.
 She wrote the book for the musical "In the Heights".
 Her play "Elliot, a Soldier's Fugue" was a finalist for the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
 She won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for her play "Water by the Spoonful".
The Tony Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Play is an honor presented at the Tony Awards, a ceremony established in 1947 as the Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre, to actors for quality supporting roles in a Broadway play.
 Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the Tony Award Productions, a joint venture of The Broadway League and the American Theatre Wing, to "honor the best performances and stage productions of the previous year."
 Originally called the Tony Award for Actor, Supporting or Featured (Dramatic), it was later changed to its current title in 1976.
 Before 1956, nominees' names were not made public.
 The change was made by the awards committee to "have a greater impact on theatregoers".
Persons listed with a double asterisk (**) are producers who have won the Tony Award for Best Musical and/or the Tony Award for Best Play.
 Those listed with a triple asterisk (***) have won the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Musical and/or Play.
 Those listed with a quadruple asterisk (****) have won the Tony Award for Best Actor or Best Actress in a Musical or Play.
The Tony Award for Best Director was one of the original 11 awards given in 1947 when the Tony Awards originated.
 The award was presented until 1960 when it was split into two categories: Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play and Tony Award for Best Direction of a Musical.
The Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play has been given since 1960.
 Before 1960 there was only one award for both play direction and musical direction, then in 1960 the award was split into two categories: "Dramatic" and "Musical".
 In 1976 the Dramatic category was renamed to Play.
 For pre-1960 direction awards please reference Tony Award for Best Director.
The Triple Crown of Acting is a term used in the American entertainment industry to describe actors who have won a competitive Academy Award, Emmy Award, and Tony Award in the acting categories.
 23 people have achieved the triple crown of acting (14 women, 9 men).
 Helen Hayes' Emmy Award win on February 5, 1953, made her the first person to achieve the triple crown.
 Thomas Mitchell became the first man to achieve the triple crown with his Tony Award win later the same year on March 29, 1953.
 Hayes and Rita Moreno are the only triple crown winners in competitive acting categories who have also won a Grammy Award to complete the EGOT.
Richard Eldridge Maltby Jr. (born October 6, 1937) is an American theatre director and producer, lyricist, and screenwriter.
 He conceived and directed the only two musical revues to win the Tony Award for Best Musical: "Ain't Misbehavin'" (1978: Tony, N.Y. Drama Critics, Outer Critics, Drama Desk Awards, also Tony Award for Best Director) and "Fosse" (1999: Tony, Outer Critics, Drama Desk Awards).
