Daisy Carter is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless".
 Created and introduced by former head writer Maria Arena Bell, the character was portrayed by Yvonne Zima.
 She debuted during the episode airing on October 30, 2009 under an alias, later revealed to be the daughter of Sheila Carter (Kimberlin Brown) and Tom Fisher (Roscoe Born).
 Bell created Daisy and stated Sheila was back in a new form.
 Daisy later raped Daniel Romalotti (Michael Graziadei), drugging him to believe he was sleeping with his then wife.
 She became pregnant with his child, and gave birth to a girl, Lucy, in 2011.
 However, she later abandoned her in a church and the child was placed in an illegal adoption ring.
 After Daisy was sent to prison for her actions, Daniel's mother Phyllis Summers (Michelle Stafford) gained custody of Lucy after Daniel gave up his parental rights.
 In 2012, Daisy was released from prison by Avery Bailey Clark (Jessica Collins) and reclaimed her daughter, later earning full custody.
 Daniel then married Daisy to be close to his child, and after Daisy went missing, Daniel has been raising Lucy.
 Despite a brief stint in a psychiatric hospital, Daisy's whereabouts are still unknown.
David Blair Redford (born July 27, 1983) is an American actor.
 He is known for his television roles such as Scotty Grainger on "The Young and the Restless", Miguel Lopez-Fitzgerald on "Passions", Ethan Whitehorse on "The Lying Game", Tyler "Ty" Mendoza on "Switched at Birth" and Simon Waverly on "Satisfaction".
Vanessa Nicole Marano (born October 31, 1992) is an American actress.
 She has starred in television movies and had recurring roles in such series as "Without a Trace", "Gilmore Girls", "Ghost Whisperer", "Scoundrels", "Grey's Anatomy" and "The Young and the Restless".
 From 2011-2017, she starred as Bay Kennish on the Freeform television series "Switched at Birth".
Daniel Hall is an American publisher, author, speaker, consultant and coach who is noted by media for creating the "Real Fast" training programs that aid trainers, authors, coaches, speakers and consultants.
 Hall also serves as the CEO of Playtime Gadgets.
Marla Adams (born August 28, 1938; Ocean City, New Jersey) is an American television actress, best known for her roles as Belle Clemens on "The Secret Storm", from 1968 to 1974, and as Dina Abbott Mergeron on "The Young and the Restless".
 As Belle Clemens, she was the show's reigning villainess for the last years of its run, stopping at almost nothing to destroy the life of the show's leading heroine, Amy Ames.
 Like Vicky and Dorian later on "One Life to Live", the two rivals were at one time related through marriage.
 As Dina Abbott on "The Young and the Restless" from 1983 to 1986, in 1991 and again in 1996, she caused major disruptions in the lives of her three children and ex-husband John Abbott and his wife Jill.
 She reprised her role as Dina for three episodes on "The Young and the Restless" in 2008 when Katharine Chancellor was presumed dead.
 In May 2017, Adams returned to "The Young and the Restless".
Cane Ashby is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless".
 He is portrayed by Australian actor Daniel Goddard, who originally auditioned for Brad Snyder on "As the World Turns" but was recommended for a role on "The Young and the Restless" instead.
 The role was to be portrayed as an American, but Goddard's Australian descent influenced the character's background.
 Former head writer Lynn Marie Latham introduced him during the episode airing on January 12, 2007 as an Australian bartender in search of his family.
 Latham created Cane as the son of Phillip Chancellor II (Donnelly Rhodes) and Jill Abbott (Jess Walton) but the character's background was rewritten by Maria Arena Bell in 2009, re-establishing him as the son of Colin and Genevieve Atkinson (Tristan Rogers and Genie Francis).
Scott "Scotty" Grainger Jr. is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless".
 He was played by actor Blair Redford from July 2005 until January 2006.
 In January 2017, "Soap Opera Digest" announced that Daniel Hall had been recast in the role.
Daniel Hall is fictional character in the "Sandman" comics
Sir Alfred Daniel Hall, FRS, sometimes known as Sir Daniel Hall (22 June 1864 - 5 July 1942) was a British agricultural educationist and researcher.
Daniel Hall is a fictional character in the "Sandman" comic book series written by Neil Gaiman and published by DC Comics.
 An infant for the majority of the "Sandman" series, he is the son of Hippolyta 'Lyta' Hall and Hector Hall, borne "in utero" for two years in the Dreaming.
 Hector Hall was a perennial DC character, son of Carter Hall (the Golden Age Hawkman), and has assumed many guises during his stay in the DC Universe, and was at one point the Sandman.
 Lyta was the daughter of the Golden Age Wonder Woman (later changed post-Crisis to a new "Golden Age Fury") and once a superheroine called the Fury whose powers were derived from Tisiphone.
 When her fellow members of Infinity, Inc. learned she was pregnant, she was forced to resign from the team.
 Daniel, at the end of the Sandman series, becomes the new "Dream of the Endless".
