David S. Weiss is an American comedy writer.
 He has written for Dennis Miller Live, CNBC's "Dennis Miller", The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn, and .
 In 2005, he ran unsuccessfully for the Writers Guild of America board of directors.
Red Letter Days is the fourth album by The Wallflowers, released in 2002.
 The album peaked at #32 on the Billboard 200.
 "Red Letter Days" was the first Wallflowers record that featured Jakob Dylan playing a majority of the lead guitar parts.
 The album had a much more aggressive sound than any of their previous releases, especially the song "Everybody Out of the Water," which they performed on "The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn".
 The first single and only music video shot was for "When You're On Top."
 Although the album contains some profanity (in "Everybody Out of the Water"), it does not carry the Parental Advisory sticker.
 It was produced by the band's first guitarist Tobi Miller.
The Late Late Show with James Corden (also known as Late Late) is an American late-night talk show hosted by James Corden on CBS.
 It is the fourth iteration of "The Late Late Show".
 Airing in the U.S. from Monday to Friday nights, it is taped in front of a studio audience Monday through Thursday afternoons – during weeks in which first-run episodes are scheduled to air – at CBS Television City in Los Angeles, California in Studio 56, directly above the Bob Barker Studio (Studio 33).
 It is produced by Fulwell 73 and CBS Television Studios.
The Late Late Tribute Shows are a series of special editions of the world's longest-running chat show, "The Late Late Show" broadcast on RTÉ One in Ireland each Friday evening.
 Over decades the shows has featured a broad range of well-known public figures including Micheál Mac Liammóir, Joe Dolan, Maureen Potter, Michael O'Hehir, Brian Lenihan, Jimmy Magee, Christy Moore, Mike Murphy and Paul McGrath.
 In 1999, there was a special programme marking six months since the Omagh bombing and there was also a special show in the wake of 9/11.
 There were also tribute shows celebrating Irish music and a "Late Late Show" special devoted to Irish comedians.
 Individual bands and musicians to have been given a tribute show include The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem, The Chieftains, The Dubliners, U2, Westlife and, most recently, Ronnie Drew himself.
Geoff Peterson is an animatronic human skeleton that served as the sidekick on the late-night talk show "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson".
 He was voiced and operated by Josh Robert Thompson and first appeared on "The Late Late Show" on April 5, 2010.
 Often referred to as a "robot skeleton", Peterson is a radio-controlled animatronic robot puppet designed and built by Grant Imahara of "MythBusters".
 He has glowing blue eyes, a metal mohawk (which is sometimes covered by a Santa Claus hat in December) and wears an oversized suit with his name scrawled on a contestant's name tag from "The Price Is Right" on his jacket, as well as Mardi Gras beads and a Super Bowl XLVII press pass around his neck.
 He serves as a co-host of sorts and Ferguson refers to him as "my gay robot pal".
 He was most visible during the first half of the show (the cold openings, monologues, and Tweets and Emails segments) and the final segment, "What Did We Learn on the Show Tonight, Craig?"
.
The Late Late Show is an American late-night television talk and variety show on CBS.
 It first aired in January 1995, with host Tom Snyder, followed by Craig Kilborn and Craig Ferguson.
 It is currently hosted by James Corden.
 The show originates from CBS Television City in Los Angeles.
Craig Kilborn (born August 24, 1962) is an American comedian, sports and political commentator, and television host.
 He was the original host of "The Daily Show", a former anchor on ESPN's "SportsCenter", and Tom Snyder's successor on CBS' "The Late Late Show".
 On June 28, 2010, he launched "The Kilborn File" after a six-year absence from television.
 "The Kilborn File" aired on some Fox stations during a six-week trial run.
 In comedy, he is known for his deadpan delivery.
Peter (Pete) Johansson (born November 6, 1973) is a Canadian comedian, writer and actor.
 He has a number of notable television appearances, including "Comedy Central's Premium Blend", CTV's "Comedy Now", CBC's "Comics!
" and CBS's "The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn".
 He has also appeared at the prestigious Just for Laughs festival and HBO's Aspen Comedy Arts festival.
Trik Turner is a rap rock band founded in Phoenix, Arizona in 1999.
 The band is best known for their song "Friends and Family," which reached the top ten on the "Billboard" Modern Rock chart and received airplay on MTV, VH1 and adult contemporary television and radio formats in 2002.
 They were the first band to ever have two different videos aired on MTV for the same song, "Friends and Family".
 They made appearances on "Late Show with David Letterman", "Last Call with Carson Daly", "Late World with Zach" and "The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn".
 "Friends and Family" was also featured on the "Mr. Deeds" film soundtrack and "Black Sheep" was featured in the film, "You Got Served".
 Although they were to go back into the studio, differences among band members led some to part ways.
 The band was dropped from RCA Records.
 They continued to tour and released a second album via their website, "Naming the Unidentified", in 2005, in this album they did not feature any rap metal songs.
 it was just alternative rock songs, they did not use rap vocals in this album.
The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson is an American late-night talk show hosted by Scottish American comedian Craig Ferguson.
 It was the third iteration of the "Late Late Show" franchise, airing from 2005 to 2014.
 It followed the "Late Show with David Letterman" in the CBS late-night lineup, airing weekdays in the U.S. at 12:37 a.m. Taped in front of a live studio audience from Monday to Friday at CBS Television City in Los Angeles, California, directly above the Bob Barker Studio (Studio 33), it was produced by David Letterman's production company Worldwide Pants Incorporated and CBS Television Studios.
