Takamiyama Daigorō (髙見山 大五郎 , born 16 June 1944 as Jesse James Wailani Kuhaulua) is a former sumo wrestler, the first foreign born wrestler to win the top division championship (in 1972).
 His highest rank was "sekiwake".
 His active career spanned twenty years from 1964 to 1984, and he set a number of longevity records, including most tournaments ranked in the top "makuuchi" division, and most consecutive top division appearances.
 He is also the first foreign born wrestler ever to take charge of a training stable, founding Azumazeki stable in 1986.
 His most successful wrestler was fellow Hawaiian Akebono who reached the highest rank of "yokozuna" in 1993.
 He retired as a coach in 2009.
Michael Peter Fay (born May 30, 1975), better known simply as Michael Fay, is a United States citizen who was the subject of international attention in 1994 when he was sentenced to six strokes of the cane in Singapore for theft and vandalism at age 18.
 Although caning is a routine court sentence in Singapore, its barbarity caused controversy in the United States, and Fay's case was believed to be the first caning involving an American citizen.
 The number of cane strokes in Fay's sentence was ultimately reduced from six to four after United States officials requested leniency.
As of 1 January 2017, there were 5,047,028 foreign nationals resident in Italy.
 This amounted to 8.2% of the country's population and represented an increase of 92,352 over the previous year.
 These figures include children born in Italy to foreign nationals (who were 75,067 in 2014; 14.9% of total births in Italy), but exclude foreign nationals who have subsequently acquired Italian nationality; this applied to 129,887 people in 2014.
 Around 6,2 million people residing in Italy have an immigration background (around the 10% of the country population).
 They also exclude illegal immigrants whose numbers are difficult to determine.
 In May 2008, "The Boston Globe" quoted an estimate of 670,000 for this group.
 The distribution of foreign born population is largely uneven in Italy: 59.5% of immigrants live in the northern part of the country (the most economically developed area), 25.4% in the central one, while only 15.1% live in the southern regions.
 The children born in Italy to foreign mothers were 102.000 in 2012, 99.000 in 2013 and 97.000 in 2014.
Singapore is an attractive destination due to its high living standards and wages.
 The punishment for illegal immigration in the country are a mandatory caning sentence of not less than 3 strokes and a prison sentence.
Oliver Fricker is the second high-profile foreigner (after Michael P. Fay in 1994) to be sentenced to caning for vandalism in Singapore.
 On 25 June 2010, he was sentenced to five months' jail and three strokes of the cane under the Vandalism Act and Protected Areas and Protected Places Act.
 On appeal, the jail sentence was increased to seven months.
Foreign born (also non-native) people are those born outside of their country of residence.
 Foreign born are often non-citizens, but many are naturalized citizens of the country that they live in and others are citizens by descent, typically through a parent.
Caning is used as a form of legal corporal punishment in Malaysia.
 It can be divided into at least three contexts: judicial/prison, school, and Sharia ("Syariah").
 Of these three, the first two are largely a legacy of, and are influenced by, British colonial rule in the territories that are now part of Malaysia, particularly Malaya.
 Similar forms of corporal punishment are also used in some other former British colonies, including two of Malaysia's neighbouring countries, Singapore and Brunei.
Caning is used as a form of judicial corporal punishment in Brunei.
 This practice is heavily influenced by Brunei's history as a British protectorate from 1888 to 1984.
 Similar forms of corporal punishment are also used in two of Brunei's neighbouring countries, Singapore and Malaysia, which are themselves former British colonies.
Caning is a widely used form of legal corporal punishment in Singapore.
 It can be divided into several contexts: judicial, prison, reformatory, military, school, and domestic or private.
 These practices of caning are largely a legacy of, and are influenced by, British colonial rule in Singapore.
 Similar forms of corporal punishment are also used in some other former British colonies, including two of Singapore's neighbouring countries, Malaysia and Brunei.
The Misuse of Drugs Act is a drug control law in Singapore classifying substances into three categories, Classes A, B, and C. Section 44 provides that "The Minister may, by an order published in the Gazette" add, remove, or transfer drugs among the classes.
 The statute's penal provisions are draconian by most nations' standards, providing for long terms of imprisonment, caning, and capital punishment.
 The law creates a presumption of trafficking for certain threshold amounts, e.g. 30 grams of cannabis.
 It also creates a presumption that a person possesses drugs if he possesses the keys to a premises containing the drugs, and that "Any person found in or escaping from any place or premises which is proved or presumed to be used for the purpose of smoking or administering a controlled drug shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have been smoking or administering a controlled drug in that place or premises."
 Thus, one runs the risk of arrest for drug use by simply being in the company of drug users.
 The law also allows officers to search premises and individuals, without a search warrant, if he "reasonably suspects that there is to be found a controlled drug or article liable to seizure".
 Moreover, Section 31 allows officers to demand urinalysis of suspected drug offenders.
