The Klebsormidiaceae are a family containing three genera of charophyte green alga forming multicellular, non-branching filaments.
 A fourth genus "Chlorokybus" is sometimes included as well, but this problematic and poorly known genus is sometimes placed in a separate class Chlorokybophyceae.
Orphanaspis is a poorly known genus of odontopleurid trilobite in the family Odontopleuridae.
 The genus is originally based on poorly preserved material from the Wenlock-aged Motol Formation in Bohemia, Czech Republic, described by Joachim Barrande, in 1852, as ""Trilobites orphana.""
 In 1945, Prantl and Pribyl reclassify "T. orphana" as "Orphanaspis orphana."
 Some experts suspect that "O. orphana" may actually be a species of "Dicranurus", thereby extending the temporal range of that genus well into the Silurian.
Tri-City, California, is an area in North County, San Diego that refers to South Oceanside, North Carlsbad and West Vista.
 Although the Tri-City area contains several residential sections, it is most well known for its commercial district, containing several shopping centers with stores such as Kohl's, Home Depot, Wal-Mart, etc.
 Tri-City also contains the Oceanside Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV), as well as several main streets such as parts of Vista Way, College Boulevard, Lake Boulevard, Plaza Drive and Highway 78.
Puma is a genus in Felidae that contains the cougar (also known as the puma, among other names) and the jaguarundi, and may also include several poorly known Old World fossil representatives (for example, "Puma pardoides", or "Owen's panther," a large cougar-like cat of Eurasia's Pliocene).
 In addition to these potential Old World fossil there are a couple of New World fossil representatives such as "Puma pumoides" and possibly the two species of the so-called "American cheetah".
Hydnophytum is a genus of epiphytic myrmecophytes (ant plants) native to Southeast Asia, the Pacific region and also extending into Queensland in northern Australia.
 The name is derived from the Ancient Greek "hydnon" "tuber", and "phyton" "plant", after their appearance with their swollen succulent stems.
 The species grow in tree branches and on trunks.
 Like the related genus "Myrmecodia", they are known as antplants or ant-house plants.
 The type species is "Hydnophytum formicarum" from the Philippines.
 The genus contains 55 species, of which 44 are found in and around the island of New Guinea.
 Many are poorly known, with 11 known only from the holotype.
Typhlonarke is a genus of sleeper ray in the family Narkidae, containing two poorly known species.
 The group is known for producing electric shocks for defense.
 Both species are deep-sea rays endemic to the waters off New Zealand.
 They are not to be confused with the blind electric rays of the genus "Benthobatis".
Andrews' beaked whale ("Mesoplodon bowdoini"), sometimes known as the deep-crest beaked whale or splay-toothed whale, is one of the most poorly known members of a poorly known genus.
 This species is noteworthy for not having yet been observed in the wild (as of 2008).
The grasswrens, are a genus, Amytornis of Australasian birds in the Maluridae family.
 The genus also comprises the subfamily Amytornithinae, one of two in that family, the other (Malurinae) contains the fairy-wrens and emu-wrens.
 The genus contains around 10 species, many of which are poorly known due to their secretive nature and remote and inaccessible habitat.
The subfamily Vespinae contains the largest and best-known eusocial wasps, including true hornets (the genus "Vespa"), and the "yellowjackets" (genera "Dolichovespula" and "Vespula").
 The remaining genus, "Provespa", is a small, poorly known group of nocturnal wasps from Southeast Asia.
 One genus, "Palaeovespa", has been described from the Eocene fossil record, from Colorado.
 Collectively, the group can be found on all continents except Antarctica, and several of these wasps are invasive species, introduced beyond their native ranges, and can be major pests.
Trachylepis is a skink genus in the subfamily Lygosominae found mainly in Africa.
 Its members were formerly included in the "wastebin taxon" "Mabuya", and for some time in "Euprepis".
 As defined today, "Trachylepis" contains the clade of Afro-Malagasy mabuyas.
 The genus also contains a species from the Brazilian island of Fernando de Noronha, "T. atlantica", and may occur in mainland South America with "Trachylepis tschudii" and "Trachylepis maculata", both poorly known and enigmatic.
 The ancestors of "T. atlantica" are believed to have rafted across the Atlantic from Africa during the last 9 million years.
