Francisco Antonio Maturana García, also known as "Pacho" Maturana (born February 15, 1949) is a Colombian ex-football player and football manager.
 During his time managing most noticeably Atletico Nacional and the Colombian national football team, he achieved success marking an era in Colombian football by leading Nacional to be the first Colombian team to win the Copa Libertadores in 1989, while winning Colombia's first ever national title: the Copa America in 2001.
Kelis Johana Peduzine Vargas (born 21 April 1983) is a Colombian retired football defender who played for the Colombia women's national football team.
 She competed at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
 At the club level, she played for CD Eba.
Rosemary Eleanor Florence "Rosie" White (born 6 June 1993) is a New Zealander footballer who plays in the striker position for the New Zealand women's national football team and the Boston Breakers in the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL).
 She previously represented her country on the under-17 and under-20 national teams.
Luis Robinson Rentería Cuesta is a Colombian retired footballer who played as striker.
 Best known for his prolific goal tally of 19 goals in the 2006-07 Venezuelan Primera División season.
Than Than Htwe was a retired footballer from Myanmar who played for the Myanmar women's national football team as a midfielder.
 She played for the Myanmar women's national football team for about 15 years and retired in 2015 due to her age and injury.
 She was well known for her accurate long shots.
 She scored her last goal for Myanmar women's national football team in the match against Chinese Taipei women's national football team on 22 September 2015 in the 2015–16 AFC Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament.
 Than Than Htwe along with a Myanmar footballer Kyaw Ko Ko are part of the ‘Protect the Goal’ for Myanmar athletes to raise awareness in Burma on HIV/AIDS and prevention.
Maturana made several appearances for the senior Colombia national football team, including four matches at the 1993 Copa América.
 He officially represented the Colombian national football team in 6 occasions.
 He also made several appearances for the Colombian national team in unofficial games, most notably in 1993 against Bayern Munich and Palmeiras.
 Orlando Maturana was a prolific and creative goal scorer who earn a reputation as a poacher.
 His success in the national team was hampered by the availability of several more successful strikers such as Iván Valenciano, Antony de Ávila, John Jairo Trellez, Víctor Aristizábal, Luis Zuleta, Faustino Asprilla, Adolfo Valencia, and several other members of what is known today as the Colombian dream generation.
Víctor Hugo Aristizábal Posada (born 9 December 1971 in Medellín, Antioquia) is a Colombian retired football striker.
 Aristizábal scored 15 goals in 66 games for the Colombia national team between 1993 and 2003.
Edwin Arturo Congo Murillo (born 7 October 1976 in Bogotá) is a Colombian retired footballer who played as a striker.
Adolfo José Valencia Mosquera (born 6 February 1968) is a Colombian retired footballer who played as a striker.
Ertan Adatepe (born 1 January 1938) is a retired Turkish footballer.
 He played in the striker position.
 Ertan made one appearance for the senior Turkey national football team, in a friendly 0-0 tie with Ethiopia.
