American rapper T.I. has released nine studio albums, one remix album, five extended plays (EPs), 13 mixtapes, 110 singles (including 61 as a featured artist) and 11 promotional singles.
 He has also released one music video album and over 60 music videos, the details of which are included in his videography.
 Throughout his career, T.I.'s music has been released on several record labels, including Artista and Atlantic, as well as his own label imprint, Grand Hustle Records.
 T.I. has also served as an executive producer for several projects other than his own, including Big Kuntry King's debut "My Turn to Eat" (2008), B.G.'s "Too Hood 2 Be Hollywood" (2009), B.o.B's debut "The Adventures of Bobby Ray" (2010) and Iggy Azalea's debut EP "Glory" (2012), as well as her debut album "The New Classic" (2014).
 In 2005, T.I. had executive produced the soundtrack to the film "Hustle & Flow" and released the collection through his record label.
 T.I. is also a noted record producer, having produced several song recordings, a few under the pseudonym T.I.P..
 He has also served as a ghostwriter and assisting songwriter, for several artists, such as Bow Wow, Sean "Diddy" Combs, Dr. Dre, Bun B and Keyshia Cole.
"Hey Mama" is the debut single by EXO-CBX, the first official sub-unit of the South Korean boy group EXO.
 It was released on October 31, 2016 by S.M. Entertainment as the title track of their debut extended play "Hey Mama!
".
 The Japanese version of the song was released on May 24, 2017 along with their Japanese debut EP "Girls".
Roses Are Red (originally called Nobody Cares) was a rock band formed in Rochester, New York.
 The band was signed to Trustkill Records.
The discography of Alkaline Trio, a Chicago-based punk rock band, consists of nine studio albums, two compilation albums, one split album, four EPs, one video album, sixteen singles, one demo, nine digital releases, and thirteen music videos. Alkaline Trio formed in 1996 with an initial lineup of Matt Skiba (guitar, vocals), Rob Doran (bass guitar, backing vocals), and Glenn Porter (drums).
 This lineup released the band's demo tape and the 1997 single "Sundials" on Chicago record label Johann's Face Records, after which Doran left the band and was replaced by Dan Andriano.
 The group then signed to Asian Man Records and released their debut EP "For Your Lungs Only" and album "Goddamnit" in 1998.
 A second EP, "I Lied My Face Off", followed in 1999 and resulted in their first music video, for the song "Goodbye Forever".
 In 2000 Asian Man released the band's second album, "Maybe I'll Catch Fire", as well as the compilation album "Alkaline Trio", collecting most of their previously released early material.
 Porter then left and was replaced by Mike Felumlee.
Americana is a video album (released in VHS and DVD formats) by the American punk rock band The Offspring.
 It contains videos of the band performing stunts along with other extreme sport professionals, and also several music performances by the band.
 Homemade music videos for the songs "Mota" and "Burn It Up" are also featured.
 It also features four shoplifting attempts by the band and friends (these attempts are probably staged, however).
 The video album shares the same title as the band's 1998 studio album, but contains no videos and very little from it.
 AllMusic called it "low quality" and "no way near as well filmed" as the following video album "Huck It".
The discography of American rock band Butthole Surfers consists of eight studio albums, four extended plays (EP), two live albums, three compilation albums, one video album, and eight singles. Formed by Gibby Haynes and Paul Leary in San Antonio, Texas, the group signed with the Alternative Tentacles label in 1981.
 Butthole Surfers' eponymous debut EP was released two years later.
 The band added drummers King Coffey and Teresa Nervosa in 1983, moved to the Touch and Go label the following year, and released their debut full-length album, "Psychic... Powerless... Another Man's Sac".
American singer Kelly Clarkson has released two video albums and has appeared in thirty-seven music videos.
 In 2002, she made her debut music video appearance for the video "Before Your Love", which was immediately released after winning the premiere season of the television series competition "American Idol".
 A accompanying video for "Before Your Love"'s companion single "A Moment Like This" was also issued later that year.
 From her debut album "Thankful" (2003), Clarkson released music videos for the singles "Miss Independent", "Low", and "The Trouble with Love Is", the foremost of which earned her three MTV Video Music Award nominations, including Best New Artist in a Video.
 "Thankful" was immediately followed by the release of Clarkson's debut video album "Miss Independent" that same year.
 In 2004, a music video for her single "Breakaway" was released to promote the Disney feature film "".
 Clarkson's sophomore studio album "Breakaway" (2004) issued accompanying music videos for its singles "Since U Been Gone", "Behind These Hazel Eyes", "Because of You", "Walk Away", and an additional live video for "Breakaway".
 The videos for "Since U Been Gone" and "Because of You" earned a total of three MTV Video Music Awards and a MuchMusic Video Award.
 Clarkson's second video album "Behind Hazel Eyes" was released in 2005 as a companion piece to "Breakaway".
South Korean pop duo TVXQ, known as Tohoshinki (東方神起 , Tōhōshinki ) in Japanese releases, have released 7 Korean studio albums, 8 Japanese studio albums, one Korean EP, three Japanese compilations albums, 22 official Korean singles, and 43 official Japanese singles.
 They have collaborated with other artists for their album and promotional releases.
 TVXQ debuted as a five-piece boy band in 2003 under S.M. Entertainment and made their Japanese debut in 2005 under Avex Group.
 Aside from Korean and Japanese, TVXQ have also recorded Mandarin-language versions of their Korean singles.
Nobody for Everybody is the Japanese debut EP / video album by South Korean girl group Wonder Girls.
 The title song is the same album name,"Nobody" ～あなたしか見えない～ (ノーバディ , Nōbadi ) , taken from their third Korean mini-album, "".
 This is the fourth language that "Nobody" has been released in following the original Korean, then English and Chinese.
 The EP consisted of Japanese version of "Nobody", as well as 2012 re-recordings of "Nobody" (Korean and English), "Saying I Love You", and "You're Out" to include Hyerim's vocals, who entered the group in 2010, replacing group's original member Sunmi who rejoined the group in 2015.
 The video albums features thirty-six videos (music videos, live performances etc.).
The discography of The Dillinger Escape Plan, an American mathcore band, consists of six studio albums, six extended plays (EPs), two split EPs, eight singles, one video album, 15 music videos and seven other appearances.
 Formed in Morris Plains, New Jersey in 1997, the band originally featured vocalist Dimitri Minakakis, guitarists Ben Weinman and Derek Brantley, bassist Adam Doll and drummer Chris Pennie; Brantley left after two shows and was replaced briefly by touring guitarist John Fulton, who himself left in 1998.
 In 1997 the band released its self-titled debut EP on New Jersey independent label Now or Never Records, after which they were signed by Relapse Records who issued their second EP "Under the Running Board" in 1998.
 The EP charted on the UK Singles Chart, reaching number 194.
