The Atlanta Zero Mile Post is a stone marker which marked the terminus of the Western and Atlantic Railroad in Atlanta.
 It is approximately 1 foot wide on each side and 42 inches tall.
 It is inscribed on one side with the text "W & A RR 138" and on another side, "W & A RR OO".
 It is located in the basement of a disused building in Downtown Atlanta, within the Underground Atlanta Historic District, under the Central Ave. viaduct, between Alabama and Wall streets.
Vernalis is an unincorporated community in San Joaquin County, California, United States.
 Vernalis is located on California State Route 33 10.5 mi southeast of Tracy.
 Vernalis has a post office with ZIP code 95385.
 The first post office in the area opened under the name of San Joaquin in 1851; that post office closed in 1852, reopened in 1874, and was moved 3 mi southwest in 1888, after which its name was changed to Vernalis.
Clare Market is a historic area in central London located within the parish of St Clement Danes to the west of Lincoln's Inn Fields, between the Strand and Drury Lane, with Vere Street adjoining its western side.
 It was named after the food market which had been established in Clement's Inn Fields, by John Holles, 2nd Earl of Clare.
 Much of the area and its landmarks, such as the Old Curiosity Shop, were immortalized by the famous author Charles Dickens.
The history of Atlanta dates back to 1836, when Georgia decided to build a railroad to the U.S. Midwest and a location was chosen to be the line's terminus.
 The stake marking the founding of "Terminus" was driven into the ground in 1837 (called the Zero Mile Post).
 In 1839, homes and a store were built there and the settlement grew.
 Between 1845 and 1854, rail lines arrived from four different directions, and the rapidly growing town quickly became the rail hub for the entire Southern United States.
 During the American Civil War, Atlanta, as a distribution hub, became the target of a major Union campaign, and in 1864 Union William Sherman's troops set on fire and destroyed the city's assets and buildings, save churches and hospitals.
 After the war the population grew rapidly, as did manufacturing, while the city retained its role as a rail hub.
 Coca-Cola was launched here in 1886 and grew into an Atlanta-based world empire.
 Electric streetcars arrived in 1889, and the city added new "streetcar suburbs".
Roger Rabbit's Car Toon Spin is a dark ride located at the Disneyland and Tokyo Disneyland theme parks.
 It is inspired by the 1988 Walt Disney Pictures and Amblin Entertainment feature film "Who Framed Roger Rabbit".
 Both versions of the attraction are located in Mickey's Toontown.
 The Disneyland version opened on January 26, 1994, a year after the Mickey's Toontown area opened, and the Tokyo Disneyland version opened on April 15, 1996.
The Ephraim Hawley House is a Colonial American wooden post-and-beam timber-frame saltbox farm house on the "Farm Highway", Route 108, on the south side of "Mischa Hill".
 It is the oldest house extant in the historic area of Nichols, a village located within Trumbull, Connecticut, in the New England region of the U.S. Construction of the house began between 1670 and 1690 and was expanded to its present size by three additions.
 The house is unique: Besides being one of the oldest houses in the surrounding area, it has been located in four different named townships in its history, but has never moved; Stratford (1670–1725), Unity (1725–1744), North Stratford (1744–1797) and Trumbull (1797–present).
Jackson Park Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Dubuque, Iowa, United States.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 This is primarily a residential area, with some institutional and commercial buildings, located north of the central business district.
 The city originally developed just to the south of here.
 The Cathedral Historic District represents the oldest residential neighborhood in Dubuque, and began to house the working-class people closer to the docks.
 Once the Jackson Park area opened for development the city's wealthier residents built their homes here.
 Architectural styles rang from the vernacular, which are found mainly along the bluff, to the high style found mainly along Main and Locust Street.
 Most of the houses were built from the mid to the late 19th century.
 The Andrew-Ryan House (1873) was individually listed on the National Register.
 Most of the institutional architecture are churches, which include St. John's Episcopal Church (1878) and St. Patrick's Catholic Church (1878).
 Central High School, no longer extant, was located across from Jackson Park, and it was also individually listed on the National Register before its demise.
 The Carnegie-Stout Public Library (1902) is located on the south side of the district.
The Zero Milestone is a zero mile marker monument in Washington, D.C. intended as the initial milestone from which all road distances in the United States should be reckoned when it was built.
 At present, only roads in the Washington, D.C. area have distances measured from it.
The Atlanta Constitution Building, also known as the Georgia Power Atlanta Division Building, is located at the northwest corner of Alabama and Forsyth Streets in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, at 143 Alabama Street, SW.
 It is located in an area known as the "Heart of Atlanta" straddling the railroad gulch ("The Gulch"), "due to [its] proximity to the 'Zero Mile Post' which marked both the Southeastern terminus of the Western and Atlantic railroad and the city's earliest settlement".
 The former Atlanta Constitution Building was designed by Adolph Wittman and was located at the opposite corner of the intersection beginning in 1895.
Headquarters is an unincorporated community located within Delaware Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States.
 The settlement is centered around the crossing of Zentek Road over the Caponockons Creek, near the intersection of Zentek Road and Ringoes-Rosemont Road (County Route 604).
 The area is part of the Headquarters Historic District, a listing on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Headquarters was the site of a mill established in 1735, one of the first in Hunterdon County.
 The industry thrived until the early 20th century when the mill shut down.
 The district was first established as a historic area by Delaware Township in the 1980s to push back against a widening of CR 604.
 It is now on the national list of historic districts with a renewal of its boundaries occurring in 2016.
