Maite Oronoz Rodríguez (born 1976) is a Puerto Rican jurist and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico.
 Oronoz Rodríguez is the fifth woman to serve on Puerto Rico's highest court.
 She is also Puerto Rico's first openly gay chief justice and, as such, the first openly gay chief justice in U.S. history.
 She is also the third woman to preside the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico and the youngest person to do so.
My-King Johnson (born June 7, 2004) is an American college football defensive end for the Arizona Wildcats of the University of Arizona.
 He is openly gay, and he and Scott Frantz are two of the first openly gay players in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision.
 However, in 2017 Johnson redshirted while Frantz became the first openly gay college football player to play in a game for a NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision school.
Bob Smith (born December 24, 1960) is an American comedian and author.
 Smith, born in Buffalo, New York, was the first openly gay comedian to appear on "The Tonight Show" and the first openly gay comedian to have his own HBO half-hour comedy special.
 Smith, along with fellow comedians Jaffe Cohen and Danny McWilliams, formed the comedy troupe Funny Gay Males in 1988.
Stephen M. Lachs (born September 1939) served as a judge of the Los Angeles County Superior Court from 1979 to 1999.
 He was the first openly gay judge appointed in the United States and is thought to be the first openly gay judge appointed anywhere in the world.
Robert James "Bob" Brown (born 27 December 1944) is an Australian former politician, medical doctor, and environmentalist who is a former Senator, and former Parliamentary Leader of the Australian Greens.
 Brown was elected to the Australian Senate on the Tasmanian Greens ticket, joining with sitting Greens Western Australia senator Dee Margetts to form the first group of Australian Greens senators following the 1996 federal election.
 He was re-elected in 2001 and in 2007.
 He was the first openly gay member of the Parliament of Australia, and the first openly gay leader of an Australian political party.
Eric Anderson (born January 18, 1968) is an American sociologist and sexologist specializing in adolescent men's gender and sexualities.
 He holds the position of Professor of Masculinities, Sexualities and Sport at the University of Winchester, in England.
 His research has been recognized for excellence by the British Academy of Social Sciences and he is an elected Fellow of the International Academy of Sex Research.
 Anderson is an advocate for the inclusion of gay men in sport and is America's first openly gay high-school coach coming out at Huntington Beach High School, the same high-school that produced the nation's first openly gay, actively playing, professional team sport athlete, Robbie Rogers who currently plays for LA Galaxy.
Christopher Voth (born (1990--)27 1990 ) is a Canadian male volleyball player.
 He is part of the Canada men's national volleyball team.
 On club level he played left side for Abiant Lycurgus.
 Voth is openly gay and came out as the first openly gay national athlete from Canada.
George Smitherman (born February 12, 1964) is a Canadian politician and broadcaster.
 He represented the provincial riding of Toronto Centre in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1999 to 2010, when he resigned to contest the mayoralty of Toronto in the 2010 municipal election.
 Smitherman is the first openly gay Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) elected in Ontario, and the province's first openly gay cabinet minister.
 In January 2011, he joined talk radio station CFRB as a contributor and fill-in host on the "Live Drive with John Tory" show.
Kyle Hawkins is the former head coach of the German National Men's U-19 lacrosse team, and former head coach of the University of Missouri Men's Lacrosse team.
 In May 2006, he discussed his sexual orientation with several media outlets, including the "New York Times" and MSNBC.com after having revealed to the university and team that he was gay.
 In April 2007, the story again made media waves with an Associated Press story featured on MSNBC.com.
 Hawkins was named the first openly gay man coaching an intercollegiate men's team sport by ESPN.
Amir Ohana (Hebrew: אמיר אוחנה‎ ; born 15 March 1976) is an Israeli lawyer, former Shin Bet official and politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Likud.
 He is the first openly gay right-wing member of the Knesset and the first openly gay man from Likud to serve in the Knesset.
