The Dark Tower is a 1943 British thriller film starring Ben Lyon, Anne Crawford, David Farrar and Herbert Lom.
 The film marked Herbert Lom's first major film role.
Mischa Anne Barton (born 24 January 1986) is a British-American film, television, and stage actress, and occasional fashion model.
 She began her acting career on the stage, appearing in Tony Kushner's "Slavs!
" and took the lead in James Lapine's "Twelve Dreams" at New York City's Lincoln Center.
 She made her screen debut with a guest appearance on the American soap opera "All My Children" (1996).
 She then voiced a character on the Nickelodeon cartoon series "KaBlam!
" (1996–97).
 Her first major film role was as the protagonist of "Lawn Dogs" (1997), an acclaimed drama co-starring Sam Rockwell.
 She continued acting, appearing in major box office pictures such as the romantic comedy, "Notting Hill" (1999) and M. Night Shyamalan's psychological thriller, "The Sixth Sense" (1999).
 She also starred in the critically acclaimed indie crime drama "Pups" (1999).
Fabíula Nascimento (born August 18, 1978) is a Brazilian actress.
 Born in Curitiba, her first major film role was in "Estômago", while her most known role came with Rede Globo's telenovela "Avenida Brasil".
Parasite is a 1982 science fiction horror film produced and directed by Charles Band.
 The film is set in a dystopian, post-apocalyptic future in which the United States has been taken over by a criminal organization who unwittingly create an uncontrollable deadly parasite and set it loose on the population.
 The film received negative reviews from film critics, who viewed it as a poorly written B-movie with unconvincing special effects.
 The film is notable in that it features actress Demi Moore in her first major film role.
Yellow Hair 2 () is a 2001 South Korean film, written, produced, and directed by Kim Yu-min.
 It is the sequel to Kim's 1999 film "Yellow Hair", though it does not continue the same story or feature any of the same characters.
 The original film gained attention when it was refused a rating due to its sexual content, requiring some footage to be cut before it was allowed a public release.
 "Yellow Hair 2" attracted no less attention from the casting of transsexual actress Harisu in her first major film role.
Daphne Anne Angela Pleasence (born 30 September 1941), better known as Angela Pleasence, is an English actress.
 Trained in theatre, Pleasence's first major film role came in "" (1973), followed by roles in horror films such as "From Beyond the Grave" and "Symptoms" (1974).
Tjitske Jacoba Reidinga (born 20 February 1972 in Leeuwarden) is a Dutch actress and comedian.
 Reidinga began her career on stage and acted in numerous plays.
 She won a Colombina award for her role in "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf" in 2002.
 She made her screen debut in 1996.
 Her first major film role was as "Jet" in "Ja Zuster, Nee Zuster" (2002).
 She is probably known best for her role as 'Claire' in the successful Dutch series "Gooische vrouwen".
American entertainer Jennifer Lopez has appeared in many motion pictures and television programs.
 She is one of the highest paid actresses in Hollywood and is the highest paid actress of Latin descent, making up to US$15 million per film role.
 She is also the richest actress in Hollywood, with an estimated net worth of $320 million (as of 2014).
 Lopez made her acting debut at age 16 with a small role in the 1986 film "My Little Girl".
 From there, she received her first high-profile job in 1991 as a Fly Girl dancer on the television comedy program "In Living Color".
 Following her departure from the show in 1993, Lopez made several guest appearances in the television series "South Central", appeared in the made-for-television movie "Lost in the Wild" (1993) and starred as Melinda Lopez in the television series "Second Chances" (1993) and its spin-off "Hotel Malibu" (1994).
 "Second Chances" and "Hotel Malibu" ran for only a brief period, receiving negative reviews.
 Lopez's first major film role came in the 1995 motion picture "Money Train", alongside Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson.
 The film faced negative reviews and is considered to be a box office bomb.
 Her next two film roles in "Jack" (1996) and "Blood and Wine" (1997) were received similarly; however, critics were divided by the latter.
 Lopez received her first leading role in the Selena biopic of the same name in 1997.
 The film was a commercial and critical success and is often cited by critics as her breakout role.
 Later that year, Lopez starred as Terri Flores in the film "Anaconda", which garnered negative reviews by critics despite being a box office success.
 In 1998, Lopez starred alongside George Clooney in the crime film "Out of Sight" (1998).
 The film met with positive reviews and was a box office success.
 In the same year, she also lent her voice to the animated film "Antz".
The Buddy System is a 1984 American romantic comedy film starring Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon, Nancy Allen, Wil Wheaton and Jean Stapleton.
 The film was directed by Glenn A. Jordan who is better known for directing and producing numerous television films and television dramas.
 The film follows the story of a cautious single mother who forms an unlikely friendship with her son's school security guard.
 "The Buddy System" was Wil Wheaton's first major film role and his second non-television role after the 1983 film "Hambone and Hillie".
Fay Ripley (born 26 February 1966) is an English actress and recipe author.
 She is a graduate of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama (1990).
 Her first professional role was in the chorus of a pantomime version of "Around the World in 80 Days".
 Ripley's early film and television appearances were limited, so she supplemented her earnings by working as a children's entertainer and by selling menswear door-to-door.
 After her scenes as a prostitute were cut from "Frankenstein" (1994), Ripley gained her first major film role playing Karen Hughes in "Mute Witness" (1995).
