Clemens Meyer (born 3 October 1977 in Halle an der Saale, then East Germany) is a German writer.
 He is the author of "Als wir träumten" ("As We Were Dreaming", 2006), "Die Nacht, die Lichter" ("All the Lights", 2008), and "Gewalten" ("Acts of Violence", 2010).
 "All the Lights" was translated into English and published by And Other Stories in 2011.
Viktor Schauberger (30 June 1885 in Holzschlag, Upper Austria – 25 September 1958 in Linz, Austria) was an Austrian forest caretaker, naturalist, pseudoscientistref>Ronald Engert: "Die Forellenturbine als Prinzip der kostenlosen Energiegewinnung.
 Freie Energie durch Implosion".
</ref>, philosopher, inventor and biomimicry experimenter.
Johann Gottfried Heinrich Bellermann (10 March 1832 – 10 April 1903) was a German music theorist.
 He was the author of "Der Contrapunkt" ("Counterpoint"), 1862, (Berlin, Verlag von Julius Springer—2nd ed., 1877; 3rd ed., 1887; 4th ed., 1901), and "Die Grösse der musikalischen Intervalle als Grundlage der Harmonie" ("The size of musical intervals as the foundation of harmony"), 1873 (Berlin, J. Springer).
Bruckneudorf (Hungarian: "Királyhida" ) is a small town in the district of Neusiedl am See in the federal state of Burgenland in Austria, neighbouring Bruck an der Leitha ("Leitha Bridge").
 Its name means "bridge new village", whereas the Hungarian version means "royal bridge", and the "royal" refers to King Francis I.
 Historically and geographically, Bruckneudorf represents the extension of the Austrian town of Bruck an der Leitha over the Austrian border into Hungary.
 This border, symbolised by the river Leitha, separated the Austrian Empire from the Kingdom of Hungary ("Cisleithania" and "Transleithania").
 Its main current national significance derives from the Bruckneudorf military exercise ground of the Austrian federal army.
 Currently it is also the site of Bruck an der Leitha railway station, an important railway station near the borders with Hungary and Slovakia, a stop for nearly all the international trains that pass through it.
On the Sensations of Tone as a Physiological Basis for the Theory of Music (German Die Lehre von den Tonempfindungen als physiologische Grundlage für die Theorie der Musik) commonly referred to as Sensations of Tone is a foundational work on acoustics and the perception of sound by Hermann von Helmholtz.
Ridgefield Township was a township that existed in Bergen County, New Jersey.
 The township was created in 1871, when Hackensack Township was trisected to form Palisades Township in the northernmost third, Englewood Township in the central strip and Ridgefield Township encompassing the southernmost portion, stretching from the Hudson River on the east to the Hackensack River, with Hudson County to the south.
 Much of the area had been during the colonial area known as the English Neighborhood.
 As described in the 1882 book, "History of Bergen and Passaic counties, New Jersey," "Ridgefield is the first township in Bergen County which the traveler enters in passing up the Palisades.
 His first impressions are much like those of old Hendrick Hudson in speaking of a wider extent of country: "A very good land to fall in with, and a pleasant land to see."
 The valley of the Hackensack invited early settlers in the seventeenth century, and the valley of the Overpeck Creek, a navigable arm of the Hackensack, also attracted settlers quite as early in this direction.
 Sloops and schooners can pass up this creek nearly to the northern boundary of the township.
 Ridgefield is bounded on the north by Englewood, on the east by the Hudson, on the south by Hudson County, and on the west by the Hackensack River.
 The southern boundary is less than two miles in extent, and the northern less than four, and the length of the township from north to south does not exceed four miles.
 Bellman's Creek, forming part of the southern boundary, the Hackensack, the Overpeck, the Hudson, with more than a dozen other smaller streams and rivulets, bountifully supply the whole township with water.
 From the western border of the Palisades the land descends to the Overpeck, forming a most beautiful valley, with the land again rising to a high ridge midway between the Overpeck and the Hackensack.
 From this long ridge, extending far to the north beyond this township, it took its name of Ridgefield.
<br><br>The New York, Susquehanna and Western, formerly the Midland Railroad, the Jersey City and Albany Railroad, and the Northern Railway of New Jersey—all running northward through the township— afford ample railroad accommodations.
 The Susquehanna enters the township at Bellman's Creek, and the Northern at about one hundred feet south of the creek, and at a point north and east of the Susquehanna.
 The Albany road in this locality is not yet constructed, diverging at present from the track of the Susquehanna between Little Ferry and Bogota stations.
 It has, however, an independent line projected and now under construction to New York City.
<br><br>Early Settlements.
 Ridgefield embraces the earliest settlements in the ancient township of Hackensack, antedating even the organization of that township in 1693, and of the county of Bergen in 1675.
 There seems to have been no town or village compactly built, like the village of Bergen, but there were settlements both of Dutch and English in and about what was subsequently known as English Neighborhood prior to 1675.
 The Westervelts, the Zimcrmans, the Bantas, and the Blauvelts, all coming from Holland, settled in the middle of the seventeenth century in that locality.
 The ancestors of Jacob P. Westervelt, now of Hackensack Village, with himself, were born in English Neighborhood.
 His father was born there in 1776, and was the son of Christopher Westervelt, who was born there certainly as early as 1690, and he was the son of the original ancestor of this family, who came from Holland and settled on Overpeck Creek, within the present limits of Ridgefield township, probably about 1670."
Gustav Wustmann (23 May 1844 – 22 December 1910) was a German philologist and historian, born in Dresden, where he frequented the Kreuzschule, before studying philology at Leipzig in 1862–66.
 He then taught at the Nikolai Gymnasium in Leipzig until 1881, when appointed director of the municipal archives and city librarian.
 From 1879 he was also associate editor of the "Grenzboten" and in 1897 received the title of professor.
 He faced much opposition by his publication "Allerhand Sprachdummheiten, Kleine deutsche Grammatik des Zweifelhaften, des Falschen und des Häßlichen" (1891; fourth edition, 1908).
 Besides a collection of poems, entitled "Als der Großvater die Großmutter nahm" (1886; fourth edition, 1905), he edited a new adaptation of Borchardt's "Die sprichwörtlichen Redensarten im deutschen Volksmund nach Sinn und Ursprung erläutert" (fifth edition, 1895).
Belovezhskaya Pushcha National Park (Russian, official:<ref name="list/33">"Białowieża Forest, Belarus, Poland" at the UNESCO official webpage.
 Retrieved May 27, 2015.
</ref> "Национальный парк «Беловежская пуща»" , Belarusian: "Нацыянальны парк Белавежская пушча" ) is a national park within parts of the Brest Region (Kamyanyets District and Pruzhany District) and Grodno Region (Svislach District) in Belarus adjacent to the border with Poland.
 It is a preserved part of the UNESCO WHS "Białowieża Forest, Belarus, Poland", the last primaeval forest fragment of the Europe's woodlands, that once stretched across the European Plain.
 It is home to a large population of European bison the continent's heaviest land animals.
 The border between the two countries runs through the forest, the Białowieża National Park is on the Polish side of the border.
 Within the forest since May 2015, there is a visa-free regime for hikers and cyclists at the border crossing Pererov-Białowieża.
Schapira is co-author of "The Act of Alois Brunner", and producer of two award-winning documentaries, "Drei Kugeln und ein totes Kind" ("Three bullets and a dead child") (2002), about the death of Muhammad al-Durrah in Gaza in 2000, and "Der Tag, als Theo van Gogh ermordet wurde" ("The day Theo van Gogh was murdered") (2007), about the killing in 2004 of Dutch filmmaker, Theo van Gogh.
 The latter won her and her co-producer, Kamil Taylan, a Prix Europa award.
 In 2009, she produced a second documentary about the death of al-Durrah, "Das Kind, Der Tod, und Die Wahrheit" ("The Child, the Death, and the Truth").
Wladimiro Politano was born in February 19, 1940 in Lago (Cosenza), Italy.
 Graduated in the "Accademia di Belle Arti di Roma" and here he started his artistic development as a drawer, painter and sculptor.
 He lived in Rome until 1966, when he moved to Caracas, Venezuela.
 Seven years later he went to New York where he lived for ten years.
 During this period of time Politano participated in different public and private exhibitions in the United States, Austria, Japan, Venezuela and Italy.
 He produced plenty and a wide variety of art works exhibited in several national and international galleries and museums.
 The Künstlerhause Museum of Vienna invited him in 1978, as the only foreign artist, to celebrate the One Hundred Years of the Künstlerhause Museum, together with the outstanding Austrian artists from the School of Fantastic Realism.
 There he realized an individual exhibition.
 Because of his grand merits, in July 1980, the city of New Rochelle N.Y. awarded him the title “Commendatio ”.
 In 1981 Politano and others great masters inaugurated “The Museum of Modern Art Toyama” in Shingogaura, Toyama-Shi, in Japan, where two of his paintings are present in permanent exhibition.
 In Florida he received the “Sylvia Daro Dawidowicz International Award” directly by the president herself.
 In 1983, he returns to Caracas to work with both private and public projects.
 Participate in Caracas to "Escultura Symposium 1985" and his model remained as a symbol of the "VIII Biennale of Architecture" in the "Museo de Bellas Artes" and then will be constructed in large dimension.
 This sculpture is called "Puntas de Plata" and is in permanent exhibition at the Caracas’s Metro, Station "El Silencio”.
 Politano in this period lived and worked between Venezuela, Italy and Sweden.
 In 2003, he was invited as a curator and artist to participate in the "II Biennial of Painting" in Konstgall Väsby, Stockholm, Sweden.
 Here master Politano took part in various collective exhibitions and dealings with different cultures.
 The colors of nature so different from the tropical enrich the color molded in his paintings.
 Creating and animating works, constantly renewing itself without fatigue, such as an apostle of Art.
 He was invited to the first International Sculpture Symposium 2007 SIEIM made in 'Margarita Island, Nueva Esparta Venezuela.
 For an outstanding art creativity and important artistic production outside his native country, he received the most important awards from the President of Italy, ”The Italy in the World Award”.
 This shows the quality of majestic artistry whose creation is based on passion, originality, expertise in drawing and a tireless work.
 Today, Politano lives between Caracas, Rome, Lago-Calabria and Stockholm, places where he has his Studios and will soon will open a new one at Miami.
