Punch is a wide assortment of drinks, both non-alcoholic and alcoholic, generally containing fruit or fruit juice.
 The drink was introduced from India to the United Kingdom in the early seventeenth century, and from there its use spread to other countries.
 Punch is typically served at parties in large, wide bowls, known as "punch bowls".
Peanut punch is a beverage popular in the Caribbean and it is made with peanut butter, milk, sugar and sometimes spices.
 It is also available commercially in supermarkets and grocery stores as well to cater those markets.
 In Trinidad and Tobago, peanut punch is a popular drink that is often sold on sidewalks or in established food stores.
 The drink is traditionally marketed as an energy drink and made with a variety of ingredients according to the vendor.
The Colombia is a cocktail containing vodka and curaçao.
 The layering effect takes advantage of the variation in density and temperature between the layers.
 The drink appears as stacked horizontal layers of yellow, blue and red, which matches the three colours of the Colombian flag.
F.T.F.O. ("Fuck The Fuck Off") is the second solo album, and first full length album by and Insane Clown Posse member Shaggy 2 Dope.
 The album was released on February 21, 2006 on Psychopathic Records.
 The album art alludes to the ICP tradition of spraying the audience (and themselves) with the American soft drink Faygo.
Sudan (수단 ; 水團/水𩜵 ) is a traditional Korean <a href="Punch%20%28drink%29">punch</a> made with boiled grain cake balls and <a href="Honey">honied</a> water.
 It is usually served during the summer for quenching thirst.
 Traditionally Sudan was always served during a village rite in 6th month in lunar calendar.
 Korean farmers prayed for a bountiful harvest and god’s blessing for their life in the future by making food offering including foods and Sudan drink.
 It is sometimes considered a type of "hwachae".
A Quick Fuck is a layered shooter made from one part coffee liqueur like Kahlua, one part cold Midori liqueur and one part Baileys Irish Cream.
 The Baileys is poured off the back of a bar spoon so it "floats" on top of the Kahlua in a shot glass.
 Then slowly layer the Midori on top of the Baileys.
 Note that Baileys does not have to be used; any type of Irish Cream will do.
The Texas Instruments Hex-bus Interface was designed in 1982 and intended for commercial release in late 1983.
 It connected the console to peripherals via a high-speed serial link.
 Though it was prototypical to today's USB (plug and play, hot-swappable, etc.), it was never released, with only a small number of prototypes appearing in collector hands after TI pulled out of the market.
 Several Hex-bus peripherals were planned or produced.
 A WaferTape drive never made it past the prototype stage due to reliability issues with the tapes.
 The 5.25-inch Floppy drive also never made it past the prototype stage, even though it worked.
 Prototype DSDD disk controllers and Video controllers were also made.
 A 4-color Printer-Plotter, a 300-Baud Modem, RS-232 Interface, an 80 column thermal/ink printer, and a 2.8" "Quick Disk" drive were the only peripherals released in quantity, mostly for use with the TI CC-40.
 All Hex-bus peripherals could be used with a TI-99/4A when connected through the Hex-bus Interface, through direct connection to the TI-99/8, or through direct connection to the Texas Instruments Compact Computer 40.
Bahamas Goombay Punch is a soft drink that is produced in the Bahamas.
 It is very sweet and has a high sugar content.
 Goombay Punch is widely available throughout the bahamas in 12 fl oz cans as well as 20 fl oz bottles.
 6-packs of the soft drink are also widely available.
 The soft drink comes in two varieties, Bahamas Goombay Punch (the stock flavor) and Goombay Fruit Champagne.
 The regular flavor is yellow in color (see picture).
Ti' Punch (] ; French: "Petit Ponch" ) literally meaning "small punch," is a rum-based mixed drink that is especially popular in Martinique, Guadeloupe, Haiti, French Guiana and other French-speaking Caribbean islands.
 It is very similar to the daiquiri, which is usually identified with Cuba.
Fish House Punch is a strong, rum-based punch containing rum, cognac, and peach brandy.
 The drink is typically served over an ice block in a punch bowl and garnished with lemon slices.
