"The Mighty B!
" is an American animated children's television series co-created by Amy Poehler for Nickelodeon.
 The series centers on Bessie Higgenbottom, an ambitious Honeybee scout that believes she will become a superhero called the Mighty B if she collects every Honeybee badge.
 Bessie lives in San Francisco with her single mother Hilary, brother Ben and dog Happy.
 The series was picked up for a pilot in early 2006 under the name of "Super Scout".
 The series premiered on Saturday, April 26, 2008, which was the morning after Poehler's film "Baby Mama" had premiered.
 In September 2008, the show was renewed for a second season with 20 episodes.
 Brown Johnson, president of animation at Nickelodeon, called the show a "break-out hit" that "compliments and strengths" the Saturday morning line-up.
 The second season premiered on September 21, 2009.
A Kind of Magic (known as Magic in France) is a French animated television series created by Michel Coulon, based upon Arthur de Pins's original design.
 It was produced by French animation company Xilam Animation, directed by Charles Vaucelle, character design by David Gilson.
"24" is an American dramatic action/thriller television series co-created by Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran.
 It premiered on Fox on November 6, 2001.
 "24" centers on the (fictitious) Los Angeles branch of the U.S. government's "Counter Terrorist Unit" (CTU).
 The series is presented in real time format; each one-hour episode depicts one hour's worth of events, and each season is a 24-hour period in the life of protagonist Jack Bauer (played by Kiefer Sutherland), a CTU agent.
 The first six seasons of the show are set in Los Angeles and nearby locations – both real and fictional – in California, although other locations have been featured.
 The television film "" is primarily set in the fictional African country, Sangala.
 The seventh shifts locations to Washington, D.C., and the eighth season is set in New York City.
 The ninth season "" takes place in London.
Goldie & Bear is an American animated preschool television series which began on September 12, 2015.
 The show was created for Disney Junior by Jorge Aguirre and Rick Gitelson and directed by Chris Gilligan with songs by Rob Cantor and score by Greg Nicolett and Gregory James Jenkins.
 This show is produced with CGI computer animation.
 Season One was produced by Milk Barn Animation and lasted from September 9, 2015 to August 15, 2016.
 The show was renewed for a second season in 2016 that premiered on September 18, 2017.
Fantastic Four: World's Greatest Heroes is an animated television series based on the Marvel Comics' "Fantastic Four" comic book series.
 This is the team's fourth foray into animation.
 The show combines two-dimensional art as well as three-dimensional computer animation that was produced by the France-based animation company MoonScoop Group.
 The series is produced by the MoonScoop division of Taffy Entertainment in collaboration with M6 and Cartoon Network Europe.
Frontier is a Canadian-American historical drama television series co-created by Brad Peyton, Rob Blackie, and Peter Blackie, chronicling the North American fur trade of the 1700s.
 The series is co-produced by Discovery Channel (Canada) (as the channel's first original scripted commission) and Netflix.
 On October 25, 2016, "Frontier" was renewed for a second season.
 The series premiered on November 6, 2016 on Discovery Channel Canada and was shot in 4K.
 The second season is set to air on October 18, 2017.
 A third season has already been ordered.
Martin Mystery (French: Martin Mystère ) is an animated television series based on the Italian "Martin Mystère" comic by Alfredo Castelli.
 The show was produced by Marathon Media Group (French television production company based in Paris), Rai Fiction (Italian production company), and Image Entertainment Corporation (a Canadian production and animation company based in Montreal).
 It uses Japanese anime style for portrayal.
In 1991, seven years after meeting in a summer stock production of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" in Shamokin Dam, Pennsylvania, Dan Murphy and Sharon Maroney (married), along with fellow performer Matthew Ryan (a native of Tigard, OR) and his partner Joseph Morkys, decided to move from New York City to start a summer stock theatre in Tigard.
 The team pooled their savings of $21,000 and in November 1991, Broadway Rose Theatre Company was incorporated as a 501(c)(3).
 In the summer of 1992, the first season of Broadway Rose Theatre Company was performed at the Deb Fennell Auditorium at Tigard High School.
 The company produced five mainstage shows and a children's show in eight weeks, with an average audience of 32 people per performance.
 The company lost $8,700 in its first season, but the following year the fledgling company received a $3,000 grant from the Metropolitan Arts Commission (a forerunner of the Regional Arts & Culture Council), to help bring the organization out of debt.
 In 1993, the company produced "Oklahoma!
" with no funds—putting the entire payroll on Dan's personal credit card.
 The situation resolved itself as audiences picked up.
 In 1994, the company received a $4,000 grant from the Metropolitan Arts Commission.
 Audiences averaged 132 people per performance that year—a 313 percent increase from 1992.
 In 1995, The Collins Foundation provided the company a $5,000 grant, allowing Sharon Maroney to become the company's first paid employee.
 Platt Electric Supply became Broadway Rose's first title sponsor in 1996, providing a new level of stable funding (they would stay on as a title sponsor through 2012 when Harvey Platt sold the company).
 In 1997, co-founders Matthew Ryan and Joe Morkys left Broadway Rose and returned to New York.
 That year Broadway Rose held its first drama camp for young performers aged 8–11.
 Also in 1997, Shoshana Bean, who would later become famous for portraying Elphaba on Broadway in the musical "Wicked""," starred in the Broadway Rose production of "Bye Bye Birdie."
 The company's offices moved from Dan and Sharon's home to a Platt Electric Supply branch office in 1999.
 Later that year, the Sherwood Arts Council contracted Broadway Rose to produce "Broadway Goes Hollywood", a fundraiser for SAC held at the historic Robin Hood Theater in Sherwood, OR.
 Broadway Rose's annual budget rose to around $175,000 with ticket sales accounting for just under half of the total, and Dan's general manager position officially became funded, making him an employee rather than a volunteer.
Jorge Aguirre is an author and children's television show writer and producer.
 He is the writer of the graphic novel series "The Chronicles of Claudette" for Macmillan/First Second Books.
 The series includes "Giants Beware", "Dragons Beware", and the forthcoming "Monsters Beware".
 He is also the co-creator of Disney Junior's Goldie & Bear with Rick Gitelson.
 He's also written for Martha Speaks, Dora The Explorer, Dora and Friends, and Handy Manny and other shows.
 He was born and raised in Columbus, Ohio to Colombian parents.
 He currently lives on the East Coast.
Mama Mirabelle's Home Movies is a British animated television series.
 Set in the African savanna, it focuses on an enthusiastic elephant named Mama Mirabelle, who travels around the world to film real wildlife footage and project them onto a screen of fireflies in front of almost the entire animal kingdom.
 The "Home Movies" are used for educational purposes not only for the principal young characters but for the target audience at home.
 It is animated using the same computer software as "Peppa Pig".
 The live action footage comes from the BBC Natural History Unit archives, as well as the National Geographic Society, and is also shown in the United States on PBS.
 In the American version, all of the animals except Karla have American voices.
 Vanessa Williams is the voice of Mama Mirabelle in the US, and Floella Benjamin is the voice for Mama Mirabelle in the UK.
 The series is produced by UK animation company King Rollo Films, whose other shows include "Disney's The Adventures of Spot", "Paz", "Maisy", "The Extraordinary Adventures of Poppy Cat" and "Mr. Benn".
 "Mama Mirabelle's Home Movies" season 1 runs as 52 11-minute shows on CBeebies, but the show is running on PBS Kids as of 2008 in a thirty-minute slot by combining two ten-minute shows with extra songs, features, and games.
 Music for this show is written by Lester Barnes, the composer for "Horrid Henry", "Me Too!
", "Paz", and "Urmel".)
 The series was created by Douglas Wood, who is also the author of the companion children's picture book "When Mama Mirabelle Comes Home", published by National Geographic Channel Book.
