Breslau-Dürrgoy concentration camp or KZ Dürrgoy was a short-lived Nazi German concentration camp set up in the southern part of Wrocław (German: "Breslau" ), then in Germany, before World War II on the grounds of the old fertilizer factory "Silesia".
 It was located in what, since 1945, has become known as the Tarnogaj neighbourhood of Wrocław (German: "Dürrgoy" ), at the Strehlener Chaussee or Strzeliński Street (today ul.
 Bardzka), opposite the cemetery of the Holy Ghost.
 The camp, intended for the opponents of Nazism, was established at a place of the former POW camp for French prisoners of World War I, converted and utilized by the fertilizer factory.
 The new camp was founded on the initiative of the commander of SA in Silesia, "SA-Obergruppenführer" Edmund Heines, on 12 March 1933, and liquidated on 10 August 1933 with all prisoners transported to a larger concentration camp at Osnabrück.
The Bardufoss concentration camp is located in Northern Norway in the municipality of Målselv.
 During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, the Nazi authorities established a "concentration camp in the town of Bardufoss," as an annex to the Grini concentration camp.
 It opened in March 1944 to alleviate overflowing in other camps, particularly Grini and the Falstad concentration camp.
 Situated in a cold climate, it was notorious for its hard work regime, sparse rations, and inadequate shelter.
 It is estimated that some 800 prisoners passed through the camp, and when liberated about 550 were incarcerated.
The Đakovo concentration camp (Croatian: "Đakovo koncentracioni logor" ) was a concentration camp established in 1941 in Đakovo, Independent State of Croatia (modern-day Croatia).
 It was established in the deserted flour mill "Cereale" owned by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Đakovo although the Đakovo bishop, supported by Archbishop of Zagreb Aloysius Stepinac, firmly opposed the idea of Ustaše to establish a concentration camp within the borders of the Bishop's domain.
 The camp was established on 1 December 1941 mainly for Jewish women and children, including some Serb girls.
 It was operational until its disestablishment on 7 July 1942.
 Around 3,000 women and children were its inmates and subjected to beatings, rapes, dog attacks and death from sickness and starvation.
 At least 650 women and children died in it.
 During the camp's disestablishment, the remaining inmates were transported to other camps and killed.
Dinko Šakić (8 September 1921 – 20 July 2008) was a Croatian fascist leader who commanded the Jasenovac concentration camp in the Independent State of Croatia (NDH) from April to November 1944, during World War II.
 Born in the village of Studenci, near the town of Ljubuški in what was then the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, he became a member of the fascist Ustaše at a young age.
 When the Axis powers occupied the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in April 1941, Šakić, aged 19, joined the administration in Jasenovac.
 He became the camp's assistant commander the following year, and married Nada Luburić, the half-sister of concentration camp commander Vjekoslav "Maks" Luburić, in 1943.
 This marriage, as well as his fanatic support for Ustaše leader Ante Pavelić, led to Šakić's appointment as commander of Jasenovac in April 1944.
 He was charged in the deaths of an estimated 2,000 people who died during his six months of command at the concentration camp.
The Esterwegen concentration camp near Esterwegen was an early Nazi concentration camp within a series of camps first established in the Emsland district of Germany.
 It was established in the summer of 1933 as a concentration camp for 2000 so-called political "Schutzhäftlinge" (protective custody prisoners) and was for a time the second largest concentration camp after Dachau.
 The camp was closed in summer of 1936.
 Until 1945 the camp was used as a prison camp.
 Political prisoners and so called "Nacht und Nebel"-prisoners were also held here.
 Then Esterwegen served as a British internment camp, as a prison, and, until 2000, as a depot for the German Army.
Erich Zoddel (August 9, 1913 – November 30, 1945) was a prisoner functionary at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.
 In 1941, Zoddel was sentenced to a year in prison for theft before being transferred to Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 1942.
 He worked as a forced laborer in the Heinkel factory in Oranienburg until October 1943.
 In November 1943, after a brief stay at Buchenwald concentration camp, he was taken to Mittelbau-Dora concentration camp.
 On 27 March 1944, Zoddel and 1,000 other prisoners from Mittelbau-Dora arrived at Bergen-Belsen.
 By January 1945, Zoddel had risen in the ranks to a camp division.
 Two days after the liberation of Bergen-Belsen by the British army on 15 April 1945, Zoddel killed a female detainee, a crime for which he was sentenced to death by a British military court in Celle on 31 August 1945.
 On 17 November 1945, Zoddel was sentenced to life imprisonment in a second trial for his actions at Bergen-Belsen.
 His execution was carried out later that month in Wolfenbüttel.
Ohrdruf concentration camp was a Nazi forced labor and concentration camp located near Ohrdruf, south of Gotha, in Thuringia, Germany.
 It was part of the Buchenwald concentration camp network and the first Nazi concentration camp liberated by U.S. troops.
Moody is an English surname.
 It ranks in the top 200 most common surnames in English speaking nations.
 The earliest known example dates from the 12th century in a Devonshire early English charter where the name Alwine 'Modig' is mentioned.
 Recent census research suggests that the surname has been most consistently populous in Somerset, Wiltshire and Hampshire and also in areas of northeast England.
 There is also a high incidence of the similar-sounding surname 'Moodie' in Scotland, in particular Orkney, although this variant, ending "ie", has possible Norse/Celtic origins.
 The surname Moody was also carried to areas of Ireland settled by the early English.
 Although the most intensive areas of occurrence match areas of dense Anglo-Saxon habitation post 1066, it is difficult to determine if the name is Anglo-Saxon or Nordic/Viking in origin, since all Germanic countries used the word 'Modig' or 'Mutig' to indicate someone who was bold, impetuous or brave.
 Surnames were increasingly given through the early Middle Ages to assist taxation and an increasing incidence of the name can be followed in such documents as the Hundred Rolls, early English charters and general medieval assizes associated with such actions as baronial struggles, Crusades or Angevin campaigns in France.
Herzogenbusch concentration camp (Dutch: "Kamp Vught" , ] , German: "Konzentrationslager Herzogenbusch" ] ) was a Nazi concentration camp located in Vught near the city of 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands.
 Herzogenbusch was, with Natzweiler-Struthof in occupied France, the only concentration camp run directly by the SS in western Europe outside of Germany.
 The camp was first used in 1943 and held 31,000 prisoners.
 749 prisoners died in the camp, and the others were transferred to other camps shortly before the camp was liberated by the Allied Forces in 1944.
 After the war the camp was used as a prison for Germans and Dutch collaborators.
 Today there is a visitors' center with exhibitions and a national monument remembering the camp and its victims.
 The camp is now a museum.
The Lobor concentration camp or Loborgrad camp (Croatian: "Koncentracioni logor Lobor" ) was a concentration camp established in Lobor, Independent State of Croatia (modern-day Croatia) in the deserted palace of Keglevich family.
 It was established on 9 August 1941, mostly for Serb and Jewish children and women.
 The camp was established and operated by Ustaše, with 16 of its guards being members of the local Volksdeutsche community.
 Its inmates were subjected to systematic torture, robbery and murder of "undisciplined" individuals.
 All younger female inmates of the Lobor camp were subjected to rapes.
 More than 2,000 people were inmates of this camp, at least 200 died in it.
 All survived children and women were transported to Auschwitz concentration camp in August 1942 where they all were killed.
