Hardcore punk (often abbreviated to hardcore) is a punk rock music genre and subculture that originated in the late 1970s.
 It is generally faster, harder, and more aggressive than other forms of punk rock.
 Its roots can be traced to earlier punk scenes in San Francisco and Southern California which arose as a reaction against the still predominant hippie cultural climate of the time.
 It was also inspired by New York punk rock and early proto-punk.
 New York punk had a harder-edged sound than its San Francisco counterpart, featuring anti-art expressions of masculine anger, energy and subversive humor.
 Hardcore punk generally disavows commercialism, the established music industry and "anything similar to the characteristics of mainstream rock" and often addresses social and political topics with "confrontational, politically-charged lyrics".
This is a list of considered to be hardcore punk.
 Hardcore punk (sometimes referred to simply as hardcore) is an underground music genre that originated in the late 1970s, following the mainstream success of punk rock.
 Hardcore is generally faster, thicker, more aggressive and heavier than earlier punk rock.
Punk rock and hardcore punk have created a punk subculture in Sweden since punk music became popular in the 1970s.
 The most famous Swedish punk band was Ebba Grön, followed by KSMB; other notable bands were Asta Kask, Grisen Skriker, Kriminella Gitarrer, The Pain and Göteborg Sound.
 In the 1980s hardcore punk, kängpunk and crust punk became popular in Sweden.
 The two perhaps most influential bands are Mob 47 and Anti Cimex, whose music has also inspired many foreign bands.
 Some other examples of influential bands are Moderat Likvidation, Black Uniforms, Totalitär and Avskum.
 Together with the early American hardcore bands and the British band Discharge, the Swedish punk scene since the early 1990s consisted almost exclusively of "tribute bands" to the above.
 In the 1990s the crust punk was still going strong with bands like Driller Killer, Skitsystem, Wolfbrigade, and Disfear.
Ska punk (also spelled ska-punk) is a fusion genre that combines ska music and punk rock music.
 Ska-core (sometimes spelled skacore) is a subgenre of ska punk that blends ska with hardcore punk.
 Early ska punk combined both 2 Tone and ska with hardcore punk.
 Ska punk often features wind instruments and especially horns such as saxophones, trombones and trumpets, making the genre distinct from other forms of punk rock.
 It is similar to traditional Jamaican ska, but faster and heavier.
Canadian hardcore punk originated in the early 1980s.
 It was harder, faster, and heavier than the Canadian punk rock that preceded it.
 Hardcore punk (usually referred to simply as hardcore) is a punk rock music genre and subculture that originated in the late 1970s.
 The origin of the term "hardcore punk" is uncertain.
 The Vancouver-based band D.O.A. may have helped to popularize the term with the title of their 1981 album, "Hardcore '81".
 Hardcore historian Steven Blush said that the term "hardcore" is also a reference to the sense of being "fed up" with the existing punk and new wave music.
 Blush also states that the term refers to "an extreme: the absolute most Punk."
 One definition of the genre is "a form of exceptionally harsh punk rock."
Kent Stax is the original and current drummer of the DC hardcore punk band Scream, considered, with perhaps the exception of Minor Threat (both of these bands recorded on the now famous underground Dischord Records label), one of the most influential and successful hardcore punk band to emerge from the music movement which thrived during the 1980s.
 Along with brothers Franz and Peter Stahl and bassist Skeeter Thompson, Stax helped create the lightning-fast tempo that was a trademark of the punk rock genre.
 Considered one of the fastest and most energetic drummers in the field at that time, his talents lent themselves to keeping a thrashing powerful musical force under control, giving Scream its homegrown reputation as pioneers in the genre which transcended into some international notoriety.
 In the late eighties Stax left the band for personal reasons and David Grohl, a local drummer who was working with local band Dain Bramage replaced the longtime drummer.
 Stax played drums in a series of bands throughout the 1990s that drew influence from English punk and Oi music, most notably The Suspects (a band that had many muttering about a DC hardcore revival not seen since 1983) United 121 and Spitfires United.
 In the 2000s he played drums in the DC Oi-core band Alleged Bricks.
Thrashcore (also known as fastcore) is a fast tempo subgenre of hardcore punk that emerged in the early 1980s.
 Thrashcore is essentially sped-up hardcore punk, with bands often using blast beats. Songs can be very brief, and thrashcore is in many ways a less dissonant, less metallic forerunner of grindcore.
 Like hardcore groups, thrashcore lyrics typically emphasize youthful rebellion or antimilitarism.
 In some ways, the genre is aligned with skateboarder subculture.
Nintendocore (also known as Nintendo rock, nerdcore, and video game rock) is a broadly defined music genre that fuses chiptune and video game music with various styles of aggressive modern rock.
 The genre was pioneered by Horse the Band, The Advantage, and Minibosses.
 Nintendocore initially emerged from hardcore punk and heavy metal, and has been influenced by many other musical genres.
Chaos UK are an English punk rock band formed in 1979 in Portishead, near Bristol.
 They emerged as part of the anarcho-punk scene, developing a fast and aggressive hardcore punk style.
 The original line up of Simon Greenham on vocals, Andy on guitar, Chaos (aka "Lice") on bass and Potts on drums recorded two EP's and a full LP for Riot City Records.
 In the process they along with fellow Bristolians Disorder and Stoke's Discharge revolutionised the hardcore punk scene.
 In particular the Japanese 80's hardcore punk bands were heavily influenced by Chaos UK and Disorder's brutal take on punk.
 Chaos UK's debut LP was notable in the fact that the band's label claimed it was the "fastest, noisiest LP in the cosmos" in the short lived "Punk Lives" magazine; vocal duties on this recording were also handled by bassist Chaos.
Emo is a genre of rock music characterized by an emphasis on emotional expression, sometimes through confessional lyrics.
 It emerged as a style of post-hardcore from the mid-1980s hardcore punk movement of Washington, D.C., where it was known as emotional hardcore or emocore and pioneered by Washington, D.C. hardcore bands such as Rites of Spring and Embrace.
 However, as the genre was taken up by a new generation of musicians in the early 1990s, its sound and meaning shifted and changed and it was reinvented as a style of indie rock and pop punk by bands such as Jawbreaker, Sunny Day Real Estate, Weezer, and Jimmy Eat World.
 By the mid-1990s, numerous emo acts such as Braid, The Promise Ring, and the Get Up Kids emerged in the Midwestern and Central United States, and several independent record labels began to specialize in the genre.
 Meanwhile, a more aggressive style of emo, screamo, had also emerged, pioneered by the San Diego bands Heroin and Antioch Arrow.
