The Eakins Press Foundation is an American publishing house based in New York established by Leslie George Katz in 1966 and named after the painter Thomas Eakins.
 Since its founding in 1966, the Eakins Press Foundation has published some of the classic volumes on American art and photography, including Lee Friedlander’s "The American Monument", Walker Evans’s "Message from the Interior", and Lincoln Kirstein’s definitive monograph on Elie Nadelman.
 The Eakins Press Foundation was recognized as a 501(c)(3) charitable foundation in 1974.
Charles Sanger Mellen (August 16, 1852 – November 17, 1927) was an American railroad man whose career culminated in the presidencies of the Northern Pacific Railway (1897-1903) and the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad (1903-1913).
 His goal, along with the New Haven's financier J. P. Morgan, was to consolidate, electrify and modernize all the main railroads of New England, so as to lower competition and produce higher profits.
 The result of his abrasive tactics alienated public opinion, led to high prices for acquisitions and costly construction; the accident rate soared when efforts were made to save on maintenance costs.
 Debt soared from $14 million in 1903 to $242 million in 1913, when it was hit by an anti-trust lawsuit by the federal government on the charge of monopolizing New England's rail traffic.
 He was called, "The last of the railway czars."
Leslie George Katz (c. 1918 – April 18, 1997) was an author and publisher who founded Eakins Press, a specialty publisher of books of art and literature.
A father is the male parent of a child.
 Besides the paternal bonds of a father to his children, the father may have a parental, legal, and social relationship with the child that carries with it certain rights and obligations.
 An adoptive father is a male who has become the child's parent through the legal process of adoption.
 A biological father is the male genetic contributor to the creation of the infant, through sexual intercourse or sperm donation.
 A biological father may have legal obligations to a child not raised by him, such as an obligation of monetary support.
 A putative father is a man whose biological relationship to a child is alleged but has not been established.
 A mother's boyfriend is a man whose girlfriend has a son or daughter from a previous marriage or relationship.
 A stepfather is a male who is the husband of a child's mother and they may form a family unit, but who generally does not have the legal rights and responsibilities of a parent in relation to the child.
Tobias "Toby" Amies (born 27 June 1967 in Birmingham, Warwickshire) is a broadcaster, filmmaker and photographer, best known for his feature-length documentary "The Man Whose Mind Exploded", and his work on Radio4, MTV UK's "Alternative Nation", FilmFour, "Lonely Planet Six Degrees" and "The Rough Guides".
 Toby has specialised in making programmes about art, music and travel, with a special emphasis on fringe culture and alternative perspectives.
 In addition, he is a widely published portrait photographer and writer.
The Gorgeous Guy was the name given to a man whose photo appeared on an internet message board, with various posts describing his life.
 The photo was of Dan Baca, and it was later revealed to be an elaborate hoax, set up by Baca himself.
"Pensée": Immanuel Velikovsky Reconsidered ("IVR") was a special series of ten issues of the magazine "Pensée" advancing the pseudoscientific theories of Immanuel Velikovsky.
 It was produced to "encourage continuing critical analysis of all questions raised by Velikovsky's work", published between May 1972 and Winter 1974-75 by the Student Academic Freedom Forum, whose president was David N. Talbott, with the assistance and cooperation of Lewis and Clark College, Portland, Oregon.
 Velikovsky -- "the man whose work was being examined 'objectively'" insinuated himself into the editing of the May 1972 issue, just as he had done earlier for the April 1967 "Velikovsky" issue of Yale Scientific Magazine.
Herman V. Wall (April 21, 1905 – January 13, 1997) was a World War II combat photographer and photographic illustrator.
 During the June 6, 1944 D-Day landings in Normandy, France, Captain Wall was Commanding Officer] of the United States Army's 165th Signal Photo Company.
 Of the conspicuous heroism Wall displayed to provide much of the Army's initial photographic intelligence in the Omaha Beach landing sector, General Dwight D. Eisenhower (Supreme Commander of Allied forces in the European Theater of Operations) wrote "...a salute to a man whose gallantry, on D-Day, was outstanding on a field when gallantry was the rule."
The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike is a realist, non-science fiction novel authored by Philip K. Dick.
 Originally completed in 1960, this book was initially rejected by potential publishers, and posthumously published by a small press in 1984, two years after Dick's death.
Exit Strategy is a 2012 American independent romantic comedy film directed by Michael Whitton and starring Jameel Saleem, Kimelia Weathers, Quincy "QDeezy" Harris, with cameo appearances by L.A. radio host Big Boy and stand-up comedian Kevin Hart.
 Saleem plays a man whose main goal is to not get the girl, but to lose her—thus marketed as a self-described "un-romantic comedy."
 The film originated as a seven-part web series that had been running since 2007.
