Kirk Deighton is a village and civil parish in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England.
 It is situated north-west of Wetherby, to which it is contiguous, and near the A1(M).
 The village was in the West Riding of Yorkshire, and Wetherby Rural District, until 1974, and is now on the border between West Yorkshire and North Yorkshire: the village is in North Yorkshire, and Wetherby in the Leeds metropolitan district of West Yorkshire.
 Kirk Deighton has a population of less than 500 people, measured at 484 in the 2011 Census.
The Great Stone of Fourstones, or the "Big Stone" as it is known locally, is a glacial deposit on the moorlands of Tatham Fells, situated in North Yorkshire, England, near Bentham in the District of Craven, and 10 m from the county border with Lancashire.
Tosside is a small village on the border of North Yorkshire and Lancashire in Northern England.
 It lies within the Forest of Bowland, and is between the villages of Slaidburn in Lancashire and Wigglesworth in North Yorkshire.
 It lies 11.5 miles north of Clitheroe and 17 miles northwest of Skipton.
 The village is 870 ft above sea level and lies at 54.0001°N / 2.35436°W on the B6478.
Hopperton is a village in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England.
 It is part of the Allerton Mauleverer with Hopperton parish.
 The village is situated close to the A59, the A1(M) and the A168.
 Cattal railway station is situated just under two miles from the village with services to Leeds, York and Harrogate.
 Until 1958, Hopperton had its own railway station next to a level crossing on the original A1 Great North Road.
 The village has one pub, the Mason Arms, and a bed and breakfast.
 The nearest towns are Knaresborough (4 miles) and across the county border in West Yorkshire, Wetherby (5 miles); the latter offers the closest large supermarket to Hopperton.
Birkin is a village and civil parish in the south-west of the Selby district of North Yorkshire, England.
 It is north of the River Aire, near Beal, North Yorkshire.
 The closest town is Knottingley, in West Yorkshire, 4 mi to the south-west.
 According to the 2001 census the parish had a population of 146, falling to 141 at the census 2011.
 Birkin is recorded in the Domesday Book as 'Birchinge', this and the present name indicate that the village was first established in a heavily wooded area of birch trees.
 The village church of St Mary's is a Grade I listed building and the village was the birthplace of the political philosopher Thomas Hill Green in 1836.
 The Tour de Yorkshire passed through Birkin on the second stage (Otley to Doncaster) of the 2016 race.
The Anglican Diocese of Leeds (previously also known as the Diocese of West Yorkshire and the Dales) is a diocese (administrative division) of the Church of England, in the Province of York.
 It is the largest diocese in England by area, comprising much of western Yorkshire: almost the whole of West Yorkshire, the western part of North Yorkshire, the town of Barnsley in South Yorkshire, and most of the parts of County Durham, Cumbria and Lancashire which lie within the historic boundaries of Yorkshire.
 It includes the cities of Leeds, Bradford, Wakefield and Ripon.
 It was created on 20 April 2014 following a review of the dioceses in Yorkshire and the dissolution of the dioceses of Bradford, Ripon and Leeds, and Wakefield.
Whernside is a mountain in the Yorkshire Dales in Northern England.
 It is the highest of the Yorkshire Three Peaks, the other two being Ingleborough and Pen-y-ghent.
 It is the highest point in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire and the historic West Riding of Yorkshire with the summit lying on the county border with Cumbria.
Barnoldswick (colloquially known as Barlick) is a town and civil parish in Lancashire, England.
 Near the county border with North Yorkshire, it is just outside the Yorkshire Dales National Park and the Forest of Bowland Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 The town is built in the shadow of Weets Hill, and Stock Beck, a tributary of the River Ribble, runs through the town.
 It has a population of 11,005.
Paythorne is a small village and civil parish in Ribble Valley, Lancashire, England.
 It is situated alongside the River Ribble, north-east of Clitheroe, and on the boundary with North Yorkshire.
 Other parishes adjacent to Paythorne are Halton West, Nappa (both in North Yorkshire), Newsholme, Horton, Gisburn, Sawley, Bolton-by-Bowland and Gisburn Forest (all in Lancashire).
 The nearest town is Barnoldswick, situated 7 km south-east of the village.
 Paythorne is on the edge of the Forest of Bowland Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, although only a small area in the west of the parish is within the area's boundary.
 The Ribble Way long distance walk passes through the village.
John Ramsbottom (11 September 1814 – 20 May 1897) was an English mechanical engineer.
 Born in Todmorden, then on the county border of Yorkshire and Lancashire.
 Ramsbottom was the son of a steam cotton mill owner.
 He learned about steam engines, rebuilding his father's and also invented the weft fork (this has also been attributed to James Bullough) that enabled looms to be run at high speed.
 He also created many inventions for railways.
