The 2016 Kansas City Royals season was the 48th for the franchise, and their 44th at Kauffman Stadium.
 The Royals entered the season as the defending World Series champions determined to become the first team since the 1999 New York Yankees to win back-to-back World Series titles.
 The season started on April 3 with a World Series rematch at home against the New York Mets.
 The first series began with a 10 mile long relay of the first pitch from Kansas City Union Station to Kauffman Stadium benefiting the Kansas City MLB Urban Youth Academy.
 The Royals were eliminated from postseason contention with one game yet to play, marking four straight World Series champions that missed the playoffs the following year.
 They finished the season with an 81–81 record and third place in the division.
The 2017 Kansas City Royals season was the 49th season for the franchise, and their 45th at Kauffman Stadium.
 The Royals opened the season at the Minnesota Twins on April 3, 2017 and finished the season at home against the Arizona Diamondbacks on October 1.
The Harry S. Truman Sports Complex is a sports and entertainment facility located in Kansas City, Missouri.
 It is home to two major sports venues: Arrowhead Stadium—home of the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs, and Kauffman Stadium—home of Major League Baseball's Kansas City Royals.
 The complex also hosts various other events during the year.
The Kansas City Royals' 2009 season began on April 7 with a game against the Chicago White Sox at U. S. Cellular Field, which Chicago won.
 On April 10, the Royals hosted the New York Yankees in the first game at the newly renovated Kauffman Stadium for the Royals' home opener.
 Interleague opponents included the St. Louis Cardinals, Arizona Diamondbacks, Cincinnati Reds, Houston Astros and Pittsburgh Pirates.
Charles Utter Deaton (January 1, 1921 – December 18, 1996) was an American architect.
 He designed several athletic stadiums, and is noted for his futuristic Sculptured House that was featured in the 1973 film "Sleeper".
 He is also noted as the designer of Kansas City's Arrowhead Stadium and Kauffman Stadium.
Arrowhead Stadium is a football stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, United States, that primarily serves as the home venue of the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL).
 It is part of the Truman Sports Complex with adjacent Kauffman Stadium, the home of the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 Arrowhead has a seating capacity of 76,416, making it the 28th largest stadium in North America and sixth largest NFL stadium.
 It is also the largest sports facility by capacity in the state of Missouri.
 A $375 million renovation was completed in 2010.
The Kansas City Royals' season of 2012 was the 44th for the Royals franchise.
 The Royals hosted the 83rd MLB All-Star Game on July 10 at Kauffman Stadium, where the team played its 40th season of home games.
 The Royals finished 72-90, 3rd place in the AL Central.
The 2012 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 83rd edition of the Major League Baseball All-Star Game.
 It was held on July 10, 2012, during the 2012 Major League Baseball season at Kauffman Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, home of the Kansas City Royals.
 This marked the third time the Mid-summer Classic had been played in Kansas City, with Kauffman Stadium (then named Royals Stadium) last hosting the event in 1973, the stadium's first year of existence.
 The event was also held at Municipal Stadium in 1960, when the Athletics were still based there, one of two played that season.
 The game was televised in the United States by Fox.
Kauffman Stadium ( ), often called "The K", is a baseball park located in Kansas City, Missouri, that is home to the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 It is part of the Truman Sports Complex together with the adjacent Arrowhead Stadium, home of the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League.
 The ballpark is named for Ewing Kauffman, the founder and first owner of the Royals.
 It opened in 1973 as Royals Stadium and was named for Kauffman on July 2, 1993.
 The ballpark's listed seating capacity since 2009 is 37,903.
The Sculptured House, also known as the Sleeper House, is a distinctive elliptical curved house built on Genesee Mountain in 1963 by architect Charles Deaton.
 It is featured prominently in the 1973 Woody Allen sci-fi comedy "Sleeper".
