Gin is a spirit which derives its predominant flavour from juniper berries ("Juniperus communis").
 From its earliest origins in the Middle Ages, gin has evolved from use in herbal medicine to an object of commerce in the spirits industry.
 Gin was developed on the basis of the older jenever, and became popular in Great Britain (particularly in London) when William of Orange, leader of the Dutch Republic, occupied the English, Scottish, and Irish thrones with his wife Mary.
 Gin is one of the broadest categories of spirits, represented by products of various origins, styles, and flavour profiles that all revolve around juniper as a common ingredient.
A bittering agent is a flavoring agent added to a food or beverage to impart a bitter taste, possibly in addition to other effects.
 While many substances are bitter to a greater or lesser degree, a few substances are used specifically for their bitterness, especially to balance other flavors, such as sweetness.
 Notable beverage examples include caffeine, found naturally in tea and coffee and added to many soft drinks, hops in beer, and quinine in tonic water.
A gin and tonic is a highball cocktail made with gin and tonic water poured over ice.
 It is usually garnished with a slice or wedge of lime.
 The amount of gin varies according to taste.
 Suggested ratios of gin to tonic are between 1:1 and 1:3.
Mário-Henrique Leiria (1923–1980) was a Portuguese surrealist poet.
 Born in Lisbon, he studied at the Escola de Belas Artes.
 He and his fellow surrealists were involved in an absurdist plot to overthrow the dictatorship of Antonio Salazar.
 He is best known for his books "Contos do Gin-Tonic" (Gin and Tonic Tales, 1973) and "Novos Contos do Gin" (More Gin Tales, 1974).
 He died in 1980.
Tequila and tonic, also known as TnT or Teqtonic, is a non-standard highball beverage.
 The drink is made with a 2:1 ratio of tonic water to tequila and is served with lemon or lime wedges on ice.
In music theory, the key of a piece is the group of pitches, or scale that form the basis of a music composition in classical, Western art, and Western pop music.
 The group features a "tonic note" and its corresponding "chords", also called a "tonic" or "tonic chord", which provides a subjective sense of arrival and rest, and also has a unique relationship to the other pitches of the same group, their corresponding chords, and pitches and chords outside the group.
 Notes and chords other than the tonic in a piece create varying degrees of tension, resolved when the tonic note or chord returns.
 The key may be in the major or minor mode, though musicians assume major in a statement like, "This piece is in C." Popular songs are usually in a key, and so is classical music during the common practice period, around 1650–1900.
 Longer pieces in the classical repertoire may have sections in contrasting keys.
Tonality is the arrangement of pitches and/or chords of a musical work in a hierarchy of perceived relations, stabilities, attractions and directionality.
 In this hierarchy, the individual pitch or triadic chord with the greatest stability is called the tonic.
 The root of the tonic chord forms the name given to the key; so in the key of C major, the note C is both the tonic of the scale and the root of the tonic chord (C–E–G).
 Simple folk music songs often start and end with the tonic note.
 The most common use of the term "is to designate the arrangement of musical phenomena around a referential tonic in European music from about 1600 to about 1910" .
 Contemporary classical music from 1910 to the 2000s may practice or avoid any sort of tonality—but harmony in almost all Western popular music remains tonal.
 Harmony in jazz includes many but not all tonal characteristics of the European common practice period, sometimes known as "classical music".
A Lydian cadence is a type of half-cadence that was popular in the Ars nova style of the 14th and early 15th century.
 It is so-called because it evokes the Lydian mode based on its final chord as a tonic, and may be construed with the chord symbols VII♯ -I (if the final is taken as a Lydian-mode tonic) or III -IV (if the final is taken as a in major).
 It is also the most common type of double-leading-tone cadence, as it contains two leading-tone resolutions (♯ - and - ).
 A frequently-used type of Landini cadence is based on the Lydian cadence, with the upper voice dropping to before skipping back up to the tonic.
A Sweet Melissa is a gin-based cocktail that was named by its creator, Daniel Bouie, after his wife Melissa Chabran Bouie.
 Sweet Melissa is made with gin, tonic water and a splash of Jack Daniel's in a short glass of ice.
 Care must be taken not to add too much whiskey to this gin & tonic beverage.
Tonic water (or Indian tonic water) is a carbonated soft drink in which quinine is dissolved.
 Originally used as a prophylactic against malaria, tonic water usually now has a significantly lower quinine content and is consumed for its distinctive bitter flavour.
 It is often used in mixed drinks, particularly in gin and tonic.
