Andhra Pradesh Capital Region is the conurbation or metropolitan area surrounding Amaravati, the new capital city of Andhra Pradesh.
 The entire region is under the jurisdiction of Andhra Pradesh Capital Region Development Authority, and covers an area of 8603 sqkm under 58 mandals, of which 29 are in Krishna district and 29 in Guntur district.
 The capital region covers 18 mandals fully and 11 mandals partially in Guntur district.
 In Krishna district, it covers 15 mandals fully and 14 mandals partially under the jurisdiction of APCRDA.
 The capital city is an Urban Notified Area, and will cover 217.23 km2 , within the Andhra Pradesh Capital Region.
A capital region, also called a national capital region, capital district or capital territory, is a region or district surrounding a capital city.
 It is not always the official term for the region, but may sometimes be used as an informal synonym.
Serejeqa (Arabic: سيريجاكا‎ ‎ , Tigrinya: ሰረጃቓ ) is a town in the Anseba Region of Eritrea.
 It is located about 20 km northwest of Asmara on the asphalt road to Keren, which in turn lies roughly 75 km away.
 The town is situated on the ridge of the Eritrean highlands.
 It is the upper endpoint of a gravel-road that traverses the eastern escarpments and has its other endpoint in Shebah, on the low-lying plains at the foot of escarpments.
 With this gravel road, Serejeqa connects the north-western part of the highlands, including the city of Keren (Eritrea's third largest city) with the Red Sea and the port of Massawa (the second largest city).
 This route can be traveled without having to pass through the congested capital and largest city Asmara or use the equally congested mountain-segment of the Asmara-Massawa asphalt road.
 Instead, the gravel road beginning in Serejeqa on one end, connects to the She'eb-Gahtelai asphalt road, which in turn unites with the less congested lowland part of the Massawa asphalt road, just 35 km from Massawa itself.
 Due to its proximity and connections to Asmara, Serejeqa also functions as a suburb of the capital, although it is not part of the metropolitan region of the capital (i.e. Maekel or Central Region).
Jambyl Region (Kazakh: Жамбыл облысы, "Jambıl oblısı", جامبىل وبلىسى ) is a region of Kazakhstan.
 Its capital is Taraz.
 The population of the region is 1,000,000; the city is 335,100.
 The region borders Kyrgyzstan, and is very near to Uzbekistan (all to the south).
 Jambyl also borders three other provinces: Karaganda Region (to the north), South Kazakhstan Region (to the west) and Almaty Region (to the east).
 The total area is 144200 km2 .
 The province borders Lake Balkhash to its northeast.
 The province (and its capital during the Soviet era) was named after the Kazakh "akyn" (folk singer) Jambyl Jabayev.
Asunción Province is one of the 20 provinces of the Ancash Region in Peru, one of the smallest provinces of the region.
 It is located in the heart of the central highlands of the region, on the eastern slopes of the Cordillera Blanca, in the eastern area of the Ancash Region at a distance of 121 km from the city of Huaraz, the capital of the region, and 521 km from the city of Lima, the capital of Peru.
 Chacas, the capital of the province, is located about 3,350 m high in the midst of extremely rugged terrain.
Muzaffarnagar (   ) is a city and a municipal board in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and is a part of Delhi National Capital Region.
 Recently, the Muzaffarnagar district has been included in National Capital Region by Indian Government.
 It is the headquarters of the Muzaffarnagar district.
 Many popular farmer leaders come from MuzaffarNagar.
 It is situated midway on Delhi - Haridwar/Dehradun National Highway (NH 58), the city is also well connected with the national railway network.
 The city is located in the middle of highly fertile upper Ganga-Yamuna Doab region and is quite near to the National capital, making it one of the most developed and prosperous cities of Uttar Pradesh.
 Muzaffarnagar district was included in National Capital Region (NCR) on 9 June 2015 opening new avenues of development for the city.
 This city is also part of Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and Amritsar Delhi Kolkata Industrial Corridor (ADKIC) opening door of opportunities in the region.
 It is the principal commercial, industrial and educational hub of Western Uttar Pradesh.
 Currently, G.S Priyadarshi is the District Magistrate of Muzaffarnagar
Alex Shevelev (born March 16, 1896, Odessa, Russian Empire - died on November 13, 1974, Rome, Italy) was an Archpriest, a priest of the Russian Orthodox Church, then the Russian Catholic Church, religious journalist for Vatican Radio, the participant Russian apostolate and leader of Russians abroad.
Ahmedabad is the largest city in the state of Gujarat.
 It is located in western India on the banks of the River Sabarmati.
 The city served as political as well as economical capital of the region since its establishment.
 The earliest settlement can be recorded around the 12th century under Chaulukya dynasty rule.
 The present city was founded on 26 February 1411 and announced as the capital on 4 March 1411 by Ahmed Shah I of Gujarat Sultanate as a new capital.
 Under the rule of sultanate (1411–1511) the city prospered followed by decline (1511–1572) when the capital was transferred to Champaner.
 For next 135 years (1572-1707), the city renewed greatness under the early rulers of Mughal Empire.
 The city suffered due to political instability (1707-1817) under late Mughal rulers followed by joint rule between Maratha and Mughal.
 The city further suffered following joint Maratha rule.
 The city again progressed when politically stabilized when British East India Company established the rule in the city (1818-1857).
 The city further renewed growth when it gain political freedom by establishment of municipality and opening of railway under British crown rule (1857–1947).
 Following arrival of Mahatma Gandhi in 1915, the city became centre stage of Indian independence movement.
 Many activists like Sardar Patel served the municipality of the city before taking part in the movement.
 After independence, the city was a part of Bombay state.
 When Gujarat was carved out in 1960, it again became the capital of the state until establishment of Gandhinagar in 1965.
 Ahmedabad is also the cultural and economical centre of Gujarat and the seventh largest city of India.
The Turku Region (Finnish: "Turun seutukunta" , Swedish: "Åbo ekonomiska region" ), The City Region of Turku (Finnish: "Turun kaupunkiseutu" , Swedish: "Åbo stadsregion" ) and Greater Turku (Finnish: "Suur-Turku" , Swedish: "Storåbo" ) all refer to regions of different size surrounding Turku, the capital city of the region of Southwest Finland.
 The Turku Region is one of the Sub-regions of Finland.
 It is located in the southwest of Finland and the area has around 300,000 inhabitants.
 More exclusive urban area the "city region of Turku" with population around 235,000 and second highest population density (586/km²) among city regions.
 The region has three universities and four polytechnics.
 Biotechnology  and ICT  are one of their most important sectors.
 In fact the largest bio-industrial cluster in Finland locates in Turku, as well as from Turku to Salo is one of the principal concentrations of ICT in Finland.
 Because The Turku Region lies on the coast of the Baltic Sea it has strong logistical activity.
 The region's two significant seaports the Port of Turku and the Port of Naantali and shipyard industry are big employers in the area.
 The Turku Region has also growing activity on air cargo logistics.
 LogiCity  is a concept of Pilot Turku to create logistic cluster around Turku Airport, in where logistic industries of marine, plane, train and truck cargo can be met with manufacturers and commercial markets to share synergy benefits.
 TNT Airways is one of the logistic operators in the LogiCity of Turku.
Yangon Region (, ] ; formerly Rangoon Division and Yangon Division) is an administrative region of Myanmar.
 Located in the heart of Lower Myanmar, the division is bordered by Bago Region to the north and east, the Gulf of Martaban to the south, and Ayeyarwady Region to the west.
 Yangon Region is dominated by its capital city of Yangon, the former national capital and the largest city in the country.
 Other important cities are Thanlyin and Twante.
 The division is the most developed region of the country and the main international gateway.
 The division measures 10,170 km2 .
