The Redwood City Daily News was a free daily newspaper in Redwood City, California published 6 days a week with an average daily circulation of 8,000.
 The newspaper was founded August 9, 2000 by Dave Price (journalist) and Jim Pavelich, who also published the "Palo Alto Daily News".
 The "Redwood City Daily News" was adjudicated as a newspaper of general circulation by the San Mateo County Superior Court in 2001, enabling it to publish legal notices.
 Both the Palo Alto and Redwood City "Daily News" editions were distributed in large red newspaper racks and in stores, coffee shops, restaurants, schools and major workplaces.
 The "Redwood City Daily News", along with five other "Daily News" editions, was sold to Knight Ridder on Feb. 15, 2005.
 After McClatchy's acquisition of Knight Ridder in early 2006, all six "Daily News" editions, including the "Redwood City Daily News", were bundled with the San Jose Mercury News and sold to MediaNews Group of Denver, Colorado.
H. Sawin Millett Jr. (born October 8, 1937) is a Maine politician.
 A Republican, Millett served as the Commissioner of Administrative and Financial Services in the administration of Governor Paul LePage from 2011 to 2014.
 In January 2011, Millett was unanimously approved as Commissioner by the Maine Senate, with key Democrats also endorsing his appointment.
 In December 2011, a poll of policymakers by the Bangor Daily News ranked Millett as the ninth most influential person in Maine politics.
The San Mateo Daily News was a free daily newspaper in San Mateo, California published 6 days a week with an average daily circulation of 22,000.
 The newspaper was founded August 9, 2000 by Dave Price (journalist) and Jim Pavelich, who also published the "Palo Alto Daily News".
 Both papers were distributed in large red newspaper racks and in stores, coffee shops, restaurants, schools, and major workplaces.
 The "San Mateo Daily News", along with five other "Daily News" editions, was sold to Knight Ridder on February 15, 2005.
 After McClatchy's acquisition of Knight Ridder in early 2006, all six "Daily News" editions, including the "San Mateo Daily News" were bundled with the "San Jose Mercury News" and sold to MediaNews Group of Denver, Colorado.
 The surviving Daily News, papers merged on April 7, 2009.
Lawrence E. Lockman is an American lumber worker, lobbyist and political activist from Amherst, Maine, who has served as a Republican member of the Maine House of Representatives since 2012.
 A 2014 article in "Bangor Daily News" documenting controversial statements he has made over the years on the subjects of rape, HIV, and homosexuality, has drawn attention from political websites such as "Daily Kos" and "Salon.com".
The Daily News, originally the Palo Alto Daily News, is a free newspaper owned by MediaNews Group and located in Menlo Park.
 It was formerly published seven days a week and at one point had a circulation of 67,000 (a figure that included five zoned editions which no longer exist).
 The "Daily News" is distributed in red newspaper racks and in stores, coffee shops, restaurants, schools and major workplaces.
 As of April 7, 2009 the paper ceased to be published as "The Palo Alto Daily News" and was consolidated with other San Francisco Peninsula "Daily News" titles; it published five days a week, Tuesday through Saturday.
 Weekday editions were delivered to selected homes.
 While continuing to publish daily online, "The Daily News" cut its print edition back to three days a week in 2013, and one day a week in 2015.
The Bangor Daily News is an American newspaper covering a large portion of rural Maine, published six days per week in Bangor, Maine.
The East Bay Daily News was a free daily newspaper in Berkeley, California published 5 days a week with an average daily circulation of 10,000.
 The newspaper was founded May 20, 2005 by journalist Dave Price and Jim Pavelich, who also published the "Palo Alto Daily News".
 The "East Bay Daily News" was distributed in large red newspaper racks and in stores, coffee shops, restaurants, schools and major workplaces in Berkeley, Albany, Piedmont and Oakland.
 After McClatchy's acquisition of the paper's previous owner Knight Ridder in early 2006, the "Palo Alto Daily News" group, including the "East Bay Daily News", was bundled with the "San Jose Mercury News" and sold to MediaNews Group of Denver, Colorado.
Mildred Brown "Brownie" Schrumpf (January 24, 1903 – March 2, 2001) was an American home economist, food educator, and author.
 Named the "Unofficial Ambassador of Good Eating" by the Maine Department of Agriculture, she wrote a weekly food column for the "Bangor Daily News" from 1951 to 1994 promoting traditional Maine recipes.
 She was the main proponent of the claim that the chocolate brownie was invented in Bangor.
 She was inducted into the Maine Women's Hall of Fame in 1997.
Ralph W. 'Bud' Leavitt Jr. (1917–1994) was a Maine newspaperman who was executive sports editor of "The Bangor Daily News", and a longtime outdoor columnist recognized statewide.
 In addition to his writing, Leavitt hosted one of Maine's earliest television shows, which was devoted to fishing, hunting and the out-of-doors.
 Leavitt's stature within the state was such that columnist Roy Blount Jr. wrote of the Maine sportswriter that he "fishes with Ted Williams and Red Smith – or, rather, they trout-fish with him."
 An early conservationist and son of a paper mill union leader, Leavitt urged the state of Maine to acquire lands for public use; one such preserve is today named for the sportswriter and television personality.
The Burlingame Daily News was a free daily newspaper in Burlingame, California published six days a week with an average daily circulation of 7,000.
 The newspaper was founded August 9, 2000 by Dave Price (journalist) and Jim Pavelich, who also published the Palo Alto Daily News.
 Both papers were distributed in large red newspaper racks and in stores, coffee shops, restaurants, schools and major workplaces.
 The "Burlingame Daily News", along with five other "Daily News" editions, was sold to Knight Ridder in 2005.
 After McClatchy's acquisition of Knight Ridder in early 2006, all six "Daily News" editions, including the "Burlingame Daily News", were bundled with the "San Jose Mercury News" and sold to MediaNews Group of Denver, Colorado.
 The surviving Daily News papers merged on April 7, 2009.
