At Shelly's Manne-Hole (or more completely, Bill Evans Trio at Shelly's Manne-Hole, Hollywood, California) is a live album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans, released in 1963 as his last recording for the Riverside label.
 The trio featured Chuck Israels, who followed Scott LaFaro on bass in autumn 1961, and Larry Bunker on drums, who just joined the reformed trio, after Paul Motian had left.
Live!
 Shelly Manne &amp; His Men at the Manne-Hole
Live in 3⅔/4 Time is a live album by trumpeter Don Ellis recorded in 1966 at the Pacific Jazz Festival and Shelly's Manne-Hole in 1967 and released on the Pacific Jazz label.
 The title comes from the composition "Upstart" which is in time signature but is more commonly expressed as .
Somewhere Before is a live album by pianist Keith Jarrett recorded on August 30 and 31, 1968, at Shelly's Manne-Hole in Hollywood, California.
 It features a performance by Jarrett, Charlie Haden (bass) and Paul Motian (drums).
Live at Shelly's Manne-Hole is an album by pianist Les McCann recorded on New Year's Eve 1965 at Shelly's Manne-Hole and released on the Limelight label.
O Concerto Acústico (The Acoustic Album) was Rui Veloso's second live album released on EMI Portugal in 2003.
 The album was released both on CD and DVD.
 It was recorded live at Estúdios Duvideo except for "Presépio de Lata", "Cavaleiro Andante" and "Primeiro Beijo", recorded live at CCB Lisbon on December 2002 and "Porto Sentido: which was recorded live at the Porto Coliseum on February 2003.
Time Remembered is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Chuck Israels and Larry Bunker partially recorded at the Shelly Manne's club in Hollywood, California in May 1963, but not released until 1983 on the Milestone label as a 16-track double LP.
 It would be later reissued on CD in 1999, with only 13 tracks.
 The trio performances were recorded at the same sessions that produced "At Shelly's Manne-Hole" (1963) and were first released on "" (1984).
 The four solo performances ("Danny Boy", "Like Someone in Love", "In Your Own Sweet Way", and "Easy to Love") were recorded in a separate session in April 1962 in New York City.
 "Some Other Time" was recorded in December 1958, in New York City.
Recorded Live On Stage is the name of a 1963 live album recorded by Motown star Mary Wells.
 The album was the only live album released by the soul singer during her short but successful tenure with Motown Records in the early sixties.
 The album starts off with an a cappella introduction of Wells by her backup vocalists, The Love-Tones, who are heard throughout the album.
 Her live version of her first release, "Bye, Bye, Baby" improved upon the studio version and became the way she would perform it from then on.
 The only other live performances Wells recorded on Motown can be found on the first two volumes of the Motortown Revue series.
 Marvin Gaye, the Marvelettes, (Little) Stevie Wonder and Smokey Robinson & The Miracles also recorded albums in the "Recorded Live On Stage" series.
Cannonball Adderley Live!
 is a live album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded at Shelly's Manne-Hole and released on the Capitol label featuring performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley, Charles Lloyd, Joe Zawinul, Sam Jones and Louis Hayes.
Boss Sounds!
 (subtitled Shelly Manne & His Men at Shelly's Manne-Hole) is a live album by drummer Shelly Manne recorded in 1966 and released on the Atlantic label.
