"They Serve Horses, Don't They?"
 is the fourth episode of the seventh season of the animated comedy series "Bob's Burgers" and the overall 111th episode, and is written by Steven Davis and Kelvin Yu and directed by Tyree Dillihay.
 It aired on Fox in the United States on November 6, 2016.
 In the episode, the Belchers find themselves in a full-blown investigation when Bob secures a new meat provider who claims to save clients money on their orders.
"Hit and Run, Run, Run" is the fourth episode of the seventh season of the mystery drama television series "Pretty Little Liars", which aired on July 12, 2016, on the cable network Freeform.
 The episode was written by Maya Goldsmith and directed by Michael Goi.
 This episode is rated TV-14.
"Leslie and Ron" is the fourth episode of the American comedy television series "Parks and Recreation"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s seventh season, and the 116th overall episode of the series.
 It aired with the previous episode, "William Henry Harrison" , on the same day.
 The story picks up right where "William Henry Harrison" left off: the Parks & Recreation gang finds Leslie and Ron's rivalry cumbersome and locks them in a room together to hash things out.
 Because most of the episode only covers a short period of time, time cards appear during various points during Leslie and Ron's entrapment.
"Bart Sells His Soul" is the fourth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 8, 1995.
 In the episode, while being punished for playing a prank at church, Bart declares that there is no such thing as a soul and to prove it he sells his to Milhouse for $5 in the form of a piece of paper with "Bart Simpson's soul" written on it.
 Lisa warns that Bart will regret this decision, and Bart soon experiences strange changes in his life.
 Thinking he has really lost his soul, he becomes desperate to get it back.
 Lisa eventually obtains it and returns it to a relieved Bart.
"I'm a Little Bit Country" (also known as "The South Park KICK-ASS 100th episode TV special") is the fourth episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 100th episode of the series overall.
 It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 9, 2003.
 The episode title is based on the song "I'm a Little Bit Country" by Marty Cooper, as made famous by Donny and Marie Osmond.
"Road to Germany" is the third episode of the seventh season and the fourth episode of the 'Road To...' series of the American animated television series "Family Guy".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 19, 2008.
 In the episode, Mort accidentally goes into Stewie's time machine and is sent to Warsaw, Poland on September 1, 1939.
 Brian and Stewie realize Mort has gone back in time, and go in the time machine to save him.
"The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 3, 1995.
 As the title suggests, it is the 138th episode and the third clip show episode of "The Simpsons", after "" and "Another Simpsons Clip Show".
 While the "138th Episode Spectacular" compiles sequences from episodes throughout the entire series like the previous two, it also shows clips from the original Simpsons shorts from "The Tracey Ullman Show" and other previously unaired material.
 Like the Halloween specials, the episode is considered non-canon and falls outside of the show's regular continuity.
"Unwindulax" is the fourth episode of the seventh season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 129th overall episode of the series.
 It was directed by James E. Sheridan and written by Matt Hubbard.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) network in the United States on October 25, 2012.
"Millennium" is the fourth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files".
 It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on November 28, 1999.
 It was written by Vince Gilligan and Frank Spotnitz and directed by Thomas J. Wright.
 The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
 "Millennium" earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.1, and was watched by 15.09 million people in its initial broadcast.
 The episode received mixed reviews from television critics; some felt that the episode's plot was creepy and engaging, while others felt that it was not a decent conclusion for the "Millennium" television series.
"Sex Ed" is the fourth episode of the seventh season of the American comedy television series "The Office", and the show's 130th episode overall.
 Written and directed by Paul Lieberstein, the episode aired on NBC in the United States on October 14, 2010.
 The episode features the return of several recurring characters, most notably Melora Hardin as Jan Levinson, Linda Purl as Helene Beesly, and Nancy Carell as Carol Stills.
 Actresses Amy Pietz and Amy Ryan—who portray Donna and Holly Flax—only make vocal cameos.
