Interstate 75 (I-75) is a part of the Interstate Highway System and runs from the Hialeah–Miami Lakes border, a few miles northwest of Miami, to Sault Ste. Marie in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
 I-75 begins its national northward journey near Miami, running along the western parts of the Miami metropolitan area before traveling westward across Alligator Alley (also known as Everglades Parkway), resuming its northward direction in Naples, running along Florida's Gulf Coast, passing the cities of Fort Myers, Punta Gorda, Venice, Sarasota, and the Tampa Bay Area, before turning inward towards Ocala, Gainesville, and Lake City before leaving the state and entering Georgia.
 I-75 runs for 471 mi in Florida, making it the longest interstate in any state east of the Mississippi River.
 The interstate maintains a speed limit of 70 mph for its entire length in Florida.
Tidal flooding, also known as sunny day flooding or nuisance flooding, is the temporary inundation of low-lying areas, especially streets, during exceptionally high tide events, such as at full and new moons.
 The highest tides of the year may be known as the king tide, with the month varying by location.
 In Florida, controversy was created when state-level government mandated that the term "nuisance flooding" and other terms be used in place of terms such as sea level rise, climate change and global warming, prompting allegations of climate change denial, specifically against Governor Rick Scott.
 This amid Florida, specifically South Florida and the Miami metropolitan area being one of the most at risk areas in the world for the potential effects of sea level rise, and where the frequency and severity of tidal flooding events increased in the 21st century.
 The issue is more bipartisan in South Florida, particularly in places like Miami Beach, where a several hundred million dollar project is underway to install more than 50 pumps and physically raise roads to combat the flooding, mainly along the west side of South Beach, formerly a mangrove wetland where the average elevation is less than one meter (3.3 feet).
 In the Miami area, where the vast majority of the land is below 10 ft , even a one-foot increase over the average high tide can cause widespread flooding.
 The 2015 and 2016 king tide event levels reached about 4 ft MLLW, 3 ft above mean sea level, or about 2 ft NAVD88, and nearly the same above MHHW.
 While the tide range is very small in Miami, averaging about 2 ft , with the greatest range being less than 2 m , the area is very acute to minute differences down to single inches due to the vast area at low elevation.
 NOAA tide gauge data for most stations shows current water level graphs relative to a fixed datum, as well as mean sea level trends for some stations.
 During the king tides, the local Miami area tide gauge at Virginia Key shows levels running at times 1 ft or more over datum.
Sunrise is a city in central-western Broward County, Florida, United States, in the Miami metropolitan area.
 It was incorporated in 1961 by Norman Johnson – a developer whose Upside-Down House attracted buyers to what was then a remote area.
 As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 84,439.
 It is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area, which was home to an estimated 6,012,331 people at the 2015 census.
The Primetime Race Group is a privateer motorsport team from Hollywood, Florida which currently competes in the American Le Mans Series (ALMS) and the International Motor Sports Association (IMSA) Lites Series, a support series of the ALMS.
The city of Miami and the Miami metropolitan area are home to four major league sports teams — the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League, the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association, the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball, and the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League.
 As well as having all five major professional teams, Miami is also the future home to the Major League Soccer expansion team led by David Beckham.
The Miami metropolitan area, also known as the Greater Miami Area or South Florida, is the 67th largest metropolitan area in the world and the eighth-largest metropolitan area in the United States.
 It is entirely located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Florida.
 With 6,066,387 inhabitants as of 2016, the Miami metropolitan area is the most populous in Florida and second largest in the Southeastern United States.
The Miami metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on Miami, Florida.
West Palm Beach is a city in and the county seat of Palm Beach County, Florida, United States.
 It is one of the three main cities in South Florida.
 The population was 100,343 (revised) at the 2010 census.
 The University of Florida Bureau of Economic and Business Research (BEBR) estimates a 2016 population of 108,896, a 7.9% increase from 2010.
 It is the oldest municipality in the Miami metropolitan area, having been incorporated as a city two years before Miami in November 1894.
 Although West Palm Beach is located approximately 68 mi north of Downtown Miami, it is still considered a principal city within the Miami metropolitan area, due to the solid urbanization between both cities.
 The estimated population of the Miami metropolitan area, which includes all of Palm Beach County, was 6,012,331 people at the 2015 census.
Hialeah ( ) is a city in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States.
 As of the 2010 census, Hialeah has a population of 224,669.
 Hialeah is the sixth-largest city in the state.
 It is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area, which was home to an estimated 6,012,331 people at the 2015 census.
 It is located west-northwest of Miami, and is the only place in the county, other than Homestead, Florida, to have its own street grid numbered separately from the rest of the county (which is otherwise based on Miami Avenue at Flagler Street in downtown Miami, the county seat).
Miami Gardens is a suburban city located in north-central Miami-Dade County, Florida.
 Its boundaries stretch from I-95 and NE 2nd Avenue on the east, to NW 47th and NW 57th Avenues on the west, and from the Broward County line on the north, to 151st Street on the south.
 The city name comes from one of the major roadways through the area, Miami Gardens Drive.
 According to a 2011 estimate from the US Census Bureau, the city had a population of 109,680, and it is the largest city in Florida that has a majority African American population.
 It is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area, which was home to an estimated 6,012,331 people at the 2015 census.
