Paranoia is a dystopian science-fiction tabletop role-playing game originally designed and written by Greg Costikyan, Dan Gelber, and Eric Goldberg, and first published in 1984 by West End Games.
 Since 2004 the game has been published under license by Mongoose Publishing.
 The game won the Origins Award for Best Roleplaying Rules of 1984 and was inducted into the Origins Awards Hall of Fame in 2007.
 "Paranoia" is notable among tabletop games for being more competitive than co-operative, with players encouraged to betray one another for their own interests, as well as for keeping a light-hearted, tongue in cheek tone despite its dystopian setting.
Eric Goldberg (1890–1969) was a Jewish-Canadian painter, born in 1890 in Berlin, Germany.
 Goldberg was influenced by the art of Pierre-Auguste Renoir at an early age.
 He studied at Paris, France's École des Beaux-Arts (1906–10) and Académie Julian under Tony Robert-Fleury, Jules Joseph Lefebvre and Jean-Paul Laurens, and taught at the Prussian Academy of Arts and, later, the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design, Jerusalem (1911–1915, returning to teach again in then British Mandate of Palestine from 1924–1926).
 He began working in Montreal in 1928, and soon after began favouring the landscapes of Quebec's Gaspésie region as subjects.
 In 1939, Goldberg became a founding member of the Contemporary Arts Society (in French, "Société d'art contemporain"), a group of Canadian artists intent on sensitizing the public to modern art.
The Eastern Group of Painters was a Canadian artists collective founded in 1938 in Montreal, Quebec.
 The group included Montreal artists whose common interest was painting and an art for art's sake aesthetic, not the espousal of a nationalist theory as was the case with the Group of Seven or the Canadian Group of Painters.
 The group’s members included Alexander Bercovitch, Goodridge Roberts, Eric Goldberg, Jack Weldon Humphrey, John Goodwin Lyman, and Jori Smith.
 Goldberg and Lyman were both well represented by Max Stern's Dominion Gallery in Montreal.
Pocahontas is a 1995 American animated musical romantic-comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation for Walt Disney Pictures.
 The 33rd Disney animated feature film, the film is part of the era known as the Disney Renaissance which lasted from 1989 to 1999.
 Directed by Mike Gabriel and Eric Goldberg, the film is inspired by the known history and folklore surrounding the Native American woman Pocahontas and portrays a fictionalized account of her historical encounter with Englishman John Smith and the Jamestown settlers that arrived from the Virginia Company.
 The voice cast features Irene Bedard, Mel Gibson, David Ogden Stiers, Russell Means, Christian Bale, Billy Connolly, and Linda Hunt.
 The musical score was written by Alan Menken, with songs written by Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz.
Eric Goldberg is a game designer who has worked primarily on role-playing games.
MadMaze is an online video game designed by Eric Goldberg and developed by Greg Costikyan in 1989.
 It was the first online game to draw over a million players., and was playable through the Prodigy service.
 The game disappeared in 1999 with the death of the Prodigy service, but with the permission from the service and the creators, fans of the game have rehosted it.
Regina Seiden (4 July 1897- 11 January 1991) was a Jewish Canadian Woman painter who was an early member of the Beaver Hall Group.
 Born in Rigaud, Quebec, Seiden moved with her family to Montreal in 1905.
 Between 1905 and 1912 she attended the French Catholic school Académie Marie-Rose, located in the Plateau neighbourhood of Montreal, where she was encouraged to explore her talents as a painter.
 Between 1913 and 1918 Seiden attended the Art Association of Montreal where she studied under William Brymner, Edmond Dyonnet and Maurice Cullen.
 Along with other former students of William Brymner, Seiden joined the Beaver Hall Group and took part in their first exhibit in 1921.
 In 1921 Seiden moved to Paris where she studied for a year at the Académie Julien.
 In 1926 Seiden returned to Paris where she met her husband, fellow artist Eric Goldberg.
 They got married in 1928 at which point she stopped painting until after his death in 1969.
 Seiden lived and painted in Montreal until her death in 1991.
Eric Goldberg (born May 1, 1955) is an American animator, film director and voice actor.
 He is known for his work at both Walt Disney Animation Studios and Warner Bros.
 Animation.
You Were Never Duckier is an animated cartoon in the "Merrie Melodies" series from 1948.
 Starring Daffy Duck and Henery Hawk, this cartoon marked the start of a direction change for Daffy Duck, from a "screwball" character, to a greedy, self-centered one (though, according to commentary by Eric Goldberg on the Looney Tunes Golden Collection DVD [fifth volume], this cartoon showed Daffy as being "both" a greedy, self-centered character "and" a screwball one).
 This cartoon was also the next-to-last Henery Hawk cartoon to "not" be directed by Robert McKimson, and one of only four to be directed by creator Chuck Jones (after "The Squawkin' Hawk", "Flop Goes the Weasel", and followed by "The Scarlet Pumpernickel").
Highway to the Reich was a highly detailed simulation "monster" board wargame published by Simulations Publications, Inc. (SPI) in 1977, and reprinted by Decision Games in 2008.
 It was designed by Jay A. Nelson, Irad B. Hardy and Eric Goldberg, with a second edition of the rules published in July 1977.
