Ana Mendieta (November 18, 1948 – September 8, 1985) was a Cuban American performance artist, sculptor, painter and video artist who is best known for her "earth-body" artwork.
 Born in Havana, Mendieta arrived in the United States as a refugee in 1961, two years after Marxist revolutionary leader Fidel Castro overthrew the authoritarian government of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista.
Holiday in Havana is a 1949 American Columbia Pictures musical comedy directed by Jean Yarbrough, and starring Desi Arnaz, Mary Hatcher and Ann Doran.
 The film is about a Cuban hotel busboy (Arnaz) who dreams of becoming a composer.
 According to author Mary Beltrán, in his portrayal of Carlos Estrada, Arnaz "established a successful negotiation of tensions inherent in playing a Latin romantic lead in this period, a negotiation that set the stage for what would make Ricky Ricardo so popular with American viewers.
 His music, with songs such as "Holiday in Havana" and the "Arnaz Jam" featured in the film.
Mary McCarthy Gomez Cueto (April 27, 1900 – April 3, 2009) was the widow of a wealthy Cuban businessman who died in poverty, unwilling to leave the island and unable to access her funds because of the US embargo on trade with Cuba.
 After her husband's death in 1951, and following the takeover of the Island under a Communist regime, she had become an anachronism, and ended her life in poverty, bereft of her wealth due to the U.S. embargo, and granted a tiny pension by the Castro government.
 A victim of political circumstance, she died there at the age of 108, and was buried next to her husband.
Fulgencio Batista y Zaldívar (] ; born Rubén Zaldívar; January 16, 1901 – August 6, 1973) was the elected President of Cuba from 1940 to 1944, and U.S.-backed dictator from 1952 to 1959, before being overthrown during the Cuban Revolution.
 Fulgencio Batista initially rose to power as part of the 1933 Revolt of the Sergeants that overthrew the provisional government of Carlos Manuel de Céspedes y Quesada.
 He then appointed himself chief of the armed forces, with the rank of colonel, and effectively controlled the five-member Presidency.
 He maintained this control through a string of puppet presidents until 1940, when he was himself elected President of Cuba on a populist platform.
 He then instated the 1940 Constitution of Cuba, considered progressive for its time, and served until 1944.
 After finishing his term he lived in Florida, returning to Cuba to run for president in 1952.
 Facing certain electoral defeat, he led a military coup that preempted the election.
The Persian Boy is a 1972 historical novel written by Mary Renault and narrated by Bagoas, a young Persian from an aristocratic family who is captured by his father's enemies, castrated, and sold as a slave to the king Darius III, who makes him his favorite.
 Eventually he becomes the lover and most faithful servant of Alexander the Great, who overthrew Darius and captured the Persian Empire.
 Bagoas' narration provides both a Persian view of the conquest and an intimate look at the personality of the conqueror.
 In Renault's view, Alexander's love for Bagoas influenced his desire to unite the Greek and Persian peoples.
 Renault also posits the notion that Alexander's relentless drive to conquer the world stemmed in part from his troubled relationship with his domineering mother, and his desire to "escape" from her influence by leading his army ever eastward.
The Caribbean Peace Force (CPF), also known as the Eastern Caribbean Peace Force (ECPF), was an OECS mandated 350-member peacekeeping force operating in Grenada, from October 1983 to June 1985, after the Invasion of Grenada, codenamed "Operation Urgent Fury", by the United States of America and several other nations in response to the illegal deposition and execution of Grenadan Prime Minister Maurice Bishop.
 On October 25, 1983, the United States, Barbados, Jamaica and members of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States landed ships on Grenada, defeated Grenadian and Cuban resistance and overthrew the military government of Hudson Austin.
The Adlai E. Stevenson II Farm, also known as Adlai E. Stevenson Historic Home is a historic property located on St. Mary's Road in Mettawa, Illinois.
 Between 1936 and his death it was the home of Adlai Stevenson II (1900-1965), a Democratic politician who was the governor of Illinois between 1949 and 1953, was twice the Democratic Party's presidential candidate in the 1950s and served as the US ambassador to the United Nations during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.
 The farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has also been designated a National Historic Landmark.
 The property is located in the northern suburbs of Chicago, in the Captain Daniel Wright Woods Forest Preserve.
 It currently functions as a museum.
María Dolores "Mary" Tarrero-Serrano de Prio (5 October 1924 – 24 September 2010) was the First Lady of Cuba from 1948 to 1952.
 She was the second wife of Cuban President, Carlos Prio, who was overthrown by Fulgencio Batista in a military coup.
"Quizás, quizás, quizás" (also sometimes known simply as "Quizás"), is a popular song by Cuban songwriter Osvaldo Farrés.
 Farrés wrote the music and original Spanish lyrics for the song which became a hit for Bobby Capó in 1947.
 Farrés also received much help and inspiration for his lyrics from Cuban First Lady, Mary Tarrero-Serrano.
Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz (August 13, 1926 – November 25, 2016) was the leader of Cuba from 1959 to 2006.
 He led the Cuban Revolution which overthrew the government of Fulgencio Batista.
 This is a list of places, buildings and other things named for Castro.
