My Chemical Romance (often abbreviated as MCR) was an American rock band from Newark, New Jersey, active from 2001 to 2013.
 The band's best-known lineup consisted of lead vocalist Gerard Way, guitarists Ray Toro and Frank Iero, bassist Mikey Way and drummer Bob Bryar.
 Founded by Gerard, Mikey, Toro, Matt Pelissier, and later joined by Iero, the band signed to Eyeball Records and released their debut album "I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love" in 2002.
 They signed with Reprise Records the next year and released their major label debut "Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge" in 2004.
 Shortly after the album's release, Pelissier was replaced by Bob Bryar.
 A commercial success, the album was awarded platinum status over a year later.
One Man Army is an American punk rock band that was formed in San Francisco, California, in 1996 and separated in 2005 and reunited in 2011.
 The band was discovered by Billie Joe Armstrong while playing in an East Bay club, and their debut album "Dead End Stories" was the first release on Adeline Records, Armstrong's label.
Drive North is the third studio album by the American rock band SWMRS, released on February 16, 2016, through their own label, Uncool Records.
 It was re-released through Fueled By Ramen on October 14, 2016 when they added the songs "Palm Trees" and "Lose It" to the record.
 It is the band's first studio album and second overall release under the name SWMRS after changing their name in late 2014.
 It is the first album to feature bassist Seb Mueller and guitarist Max Becker, who previously played bass.
 It is the band's first independent release and is also the band's first studio album not to be produced by drummer Joey Armstrong's father, Billie Joe Armstrong.
Frank Anthony Iero, Jr. (born October 31, 1981) is an American musician who was the rhythm guitarist and backup vocalist of the rock band My Chemical Romance and post-hardcore band Leathermouth.
 He has a solo punk rock project titled Frank Iero and the Patience.
 He released an album under the previous name of frnkiero andthe cellabration titled "Stomachaches" which was released on August 26, 2014.
 The first single off the album, called "Weighted", premiered on BBC Radio One on July 8, 2014.
"She" is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day.
 It is the eighth track on their third album, "Dookie" and was released as the fifth and final single.
 The song was written by frontman Billie Joe Armstrong about a former girlfriend who showed him a feminist poem with an identical title.
 In return, Armstrong wrote the lyrics of "She" and showed them to her.
 She later dumped him and moved to Ecuador, prompting Armstrong to put "She" on the album.
 The same ex-girlfriend is the topic of the songs "Sassafras Roots", "Chump", and "Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)".
 It is one of the few Green Day singles that did not have a music video.
Jakob Danger Armstrong (born September 12, 1998) is a guitarist and singer/songwriter, currently for the band "Mt Eddy" (Formerly named "Danger!")
 .
 He released his first solo material online in 2015 under the name "Jakob Danger".
 He is also the youngest child of Billie Joe Armstrong and Adrienne Armstrong.
Frank Iero and the Patience is an American rock band from Belleville, New Jersey.
 Their debut album, "Stomachaches", was released on August 25, 2014.
 Their second album "Parachutes" was released on October 27, 2016 with the promotional singles "I'm A Mess", "Remedy", and "Oceans".
 Their current lineup consists of Frank Iero, Evan Nestor, Matt Olsson, and Alex Grippo.
 Steve Evetts is credited with writing and recording the bass tracks on "Parachutes".
Swim is the fourth EP by American rock band Emily's Army, released on July 22, 2014, through Burger Records and Rise Records.
 The album is the band's first release on Burger Records and last on Rise Records.
 The album was produced by drummer Joey Armstrong's father, Billie Joe Armstrong.
 It is the band's last release under their former name "Emily's Army" after changing their name to "Swimmers" in late 2014, and later "Swmrs" in late 2015 It is also the last record to feature lead guitarist Travis Neumann and last to feature Max on bass before switching to lead guitar.
Lost at Seventeen is the second studio album by American rock band Emily's Army, released on June 11, 2013, through Rise Records and Adeline Records.
 The album was produced by drummer Joey Armstrong's father, Billie Joe Armstrong.
 It is the bands last studio under their former name "Emily's Army" after changing their name to "Swimmers" in late 2014, and later "Swmrs" in late 2015 It is also the last record to feature lead guitarist Travis Neumann and last to feature Max Becker on bass before switching to lead guitar.
 It is also their last studio album to be release through Adeline Records and Rise Records.
Don't Be a Dick is the debut studio album by American rock band Emily's Army, released on June 14, 2011, through Rise Records and Adeline Records.
 The album was produced by drummer Joey Armstrong's father, Billie Joe Armstrong, and long time Green Day engineer Chris Dugan.
