John Langeloth Loeb Jr. (born May 2, 1930) is an American businessman, philanthropist, and former United States Ambassador to Denmark, Delegate to the United Nations in 1984 and internationally recognized advocate for religious freedom and separation of church and state.
 From 1979 to 2015, Loeb was chairman of Loeb, Rhoades Trust Company, successor to John L. Loeb Jr.
 Associates, Investment Counselors.
 Loeb is the founder and owner of the Russian Riverbend Vineyards, Ltd.
 Since 2011, Chappellet produces Sonoma-Loeb wines under license.
.
 Loeb has sponsored publications and exhibitions on early American genealogy and family histories, and on Danish art.
 In 2009, he founded the George Washington Institute for Religious Freedom, which in 2009 built the Loeb Visitors Center on the Touro Synagogue National Historic Site in Newport, RI.
 Loeb continues to serve as chairman of GWIRF.
 In 2016, George Washington University established the Ambassador John L. Loeb Jr.
 Institute for Religious Freedom.
The Palouse Forest Reserve and after March 4, 1907, the Palouse National Forest was established by Presidential Proclamation (34 U.S. Statutes at Large 3293) on March 2, 1907 and was one of President Theodore Roosevelt's Midnight forests, created before the federal law banning new forest reserves in six western states, including Idaho, became effective.
 The conventional wisdom has the name ‘palouse’ being derived from the French term for the large treeless plain region in eastern Washington stretching into Idaho: the Palouse, a word meaning grassy spot or place.
 However, Boone says that the name could originate from the name of a major village of Palouse Indians, Palus, located at the confluence of the Palouse and Snake Rivers.
 'Palus' is the Sachapin Indian word for “something sticking down in the water,” in this case the something was a large rock, thought to be a beaver’s heart, and which had an important religious significance for the Palouse Indians.
 The Palouse National Forest had its administrative headquarters in the town of Wallace, Idaho for its 15-month existence and was administered by the U.S. Forest Service with 194404 acre .
 With the issuance of Executive Order 843 by President Roosevelt on June 26, 1908, with an effective date of July 1, 1908, the entire forest was absorbed by the Coeur d'Alene National Forest and the area ceased to be an independently administered national forest.
 The lands of the former Palouse National Forest were then administered as part of the Coeur d’Alene National Forest for three years before being combined with other lands to establish the St. Joe National Forest on July 1, 1911.
 The area of the former Palouse National Forest formed the western portion of the St. Joe National Forest.
 Once transferred in 1911, the area of the Palouse National Forest became the Palouse Ranger District of the St. Joe National Forest and is still considered part of the St. Joe National Forest.
 However, it has been administered by the Clearwater National Forest since the 1973 administrative merger of the Kaniksu National Forest, Coeur d’Alene, and St. Joe National Forests into the Idaho Panhandle National Forests.
The Deschutes National Forest is a United States National Forest located in parts of Deschutes, Klamath, Lake, and Jefferson counties in central Oregon.
 It comprises 1.8 e6acre along the east side of the Cascade Range.
 In 1908, the Deschutes National Forest was established from parts of the Blue Mountains, Cascade, and Fremont National Forests.
 In 1911, parts of the Deschutes National Forest were split off to form the Ochoco and Paulina National Forests, and parts of the Cascade and Oregon National Forests were added to the Deschutes.
 In 1915, the lands of the Paulina National Forest were rejoined to the Deschutes National Forest.
 A 1993 Forest Service study estimated that the extent of old growth in the forest was 348100 acre .
 Within the boundaries of the Deschutes National Forest is the Newberry National Volcanic Monument, containing cinder cones, lava flows, and lava tubes.
 The Deschutes National Forest as a whole contains in excess of 250 known caves.
National Grassland is a classification of protected and managed federal lands in the United States authorized by Title III of the Bankhead–Jones Farm Tenant Act of 1937.
 For administrative purposes, they are essentially identical to United States National Forests, except that grasslands are areas primarily consisting of prairie.
 Like National Forests, National Grasslands may be open for hunting, grazing, mineral extraction, recreation and other uses.
 Various National Grasslands are typically administered in conjunction with nearby National Forests.
The Shenipsit Trail is a "Blue-Blazed" hiking trail located in Central Connecticut between 3.5 and 7 miles (11 km) east of the Connecticut River.
 It runs 50 miles (80 km) in a north-south direction.
 The southern trailhead is on Gadpouch Road in Cobalt, CT on the southern end of the Meshomasic State Forest.
 The northern trailhead is on Greaves Road past Bald Mountain and the Shenipsit State Forest in Stafford, CT.
 The trail runs primarily through the Shenipsit and Meshomasic State Forests, and Case Mountain, but also utilizes other public and private land holdings.
 The Native American name “Shenipsit” means “at the great pool,” referring to the Shenipsit Lake, which the trail passes by.
 The Shenipsit Trail is divided into three sections: South, Central, and North.
 The Shenipsit Trail is one of the blue-blazed hiking trails managed by the Connecticut Forest and Park Association (CFPA).
The Idaho Panhandle National Forests are a jointly administered set of three national forests located in the U.S. state of Idaho.
 Approximately 22.4% of the forest (in the Kaniksu portion) extends into the states of Montana (14.1%) and Washington (8.3%).
 The IPNF were created in 2000 to administer three separate national forests that continue to manage themselves somewhat separately through district offices.
 The Coeur d'Alene, St. Joe, and Kaniksu National Forests together occupy 3,224,739-acre (5,038.66 sq mi, or 13,050.06 km) in northern Idaho (better known as the Idaho Panhandle).
 The northernmost portion of the IPNF share a boundary with Canada.
 Its headquarters are located in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
The Lebanon Valley Rail Trail (LVRT) is a National Recreation Trail.
 The rail trail goes from the southwestern border of Lebanon County and goes through Colebrook, Mt. Gretna, Cornwall, and the city of Lebanon.
 At the southern border of Lebanon County, Pennsylvania the LVRT connects with the Conewago Trail and continues for another 5.5 mi .
 The trail is partly built on the old Cornwall–Lebanon Railroad created by Robert Coleman (industrialist) in the 1880s.
 The trail runs 14.5 mi , and there are many phases in development that would extend the trail to northern Lebanon County and Jonestown.
 The trail features a packed stone path and paved path at many parts that traverses "Pennsylvania Dutch Country" and other scenic routes.
 Trail users see untouched woodlands of state gamelands, forests, and views of area fields and farms.
 The trail is maintained by dedicated group of volunteers, and allows for running, walking, biking, horseback riding, and cross-country skiing.
The Sam Houston National Forest, one of four National Forests in Texas, is located 50 miles north of Houston.
 The forest is administered together with the other three United States National Forests and two National Grasslands located entirely in Texas, from common offices in Lufkin, Texas.
 The units include Angelina, Davy Crockett, Sabine, and Sam Houston National Forests, plus Caddo National Grassland and Lyndon B. Johnson National Grassland.
 There are local ranger district offices located in New Waverly.
The Huron-Manistee National Forests are two national forests combined in 1945 for administration purposes and which comprise 978906 acre of public lands, including 5786 acre of wetlands, extending across the northern lower peninsula of Michigan.
 The Huron-Manistee National Forests provide recreation opportunities for visitors, habitat for fish and wildlife, and resources for local industry.
 The headquarters for the forests is in Cadillac, Michigan.
The Art Loeb Trail is a 30.1 mi trail located in Pisgah National Forest in Western North Carolina.
 The northern terminus is at the Daniel Boone Boy Scout Camp in Haywood County, while the trail's southern terminus is located near the Davidson River Campground, near Brevard, in Transylvania County.
 Along the way, the trail traverses several significant peaks, including Black Balsam Knob (6,214 ft), Tennent Mountain (6040 ft) and Pilot Mountain (5095 ft).
 The trail also passes the base of Cold Mountain, made famous by the novel and film.
