Wareside is a small village and civil parish in the East Hertfordshire District, in the county of Hertfordshire.
 The population of the civil parish as of the 2011 census is 735.
 It is approximately 3 miles away from the town of Ware (from where it probably took its name) and the larger town of Hertford, the county town of Hertfordshire.
 Nearby villages include Widford, Hunsdon, Babbs Green and Bakers End.
 Nearby hamlets include Cold Christmas and Helham Green.
 The B1004 linking Ware to Bishop's Stortford goes through the village and the main A10 road can be picked up at Thundridge.
 Fanhams Hall Road also links Wareside back to Ware.
 Ware railway station on the Hertford East Branch Line is located two and a half miles away.
Burrill with Cowling is a civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England, including the villages of Burrill and Cowling.
 It is only a 5-minute walk between the 2 small villages and lies west of Bedale by 1 mile.
 According to the 2011 census it had a population of 104 with 50 households in total.
 It is a small parish surrounded by sparsely populated countryside, containing mainly detached and semi-detached houses.
 The closest city is Middlesbrough which is located 32.2 miles away while being approximately 4 hours (234 miles) away from London.
 Burrill with Cowling is most accessible by the A1, which runs 3.1 miles east of Burrill with Cowling with the nearest railway station being 15 miles away in Northallerton.
Karunagappalli railway station (Code:KPY) or Karunagappally railway station is a railway station in the Indian municipal town of Karunagappalli in Kollam district, Kerala.
 Karunagappalli Railway Station falls under the Thiruvananthapuram railway division of the Southern Railway Zone of Indian Railways.
 Karunagappally KSRTC Bus Station is only 1.5 km away from the station.
 It is one among the railway stations in kerala collecting crores of rupees through passenger tickets every year.
Karunagappalli is the nearest railway station to Amritapuri.
 Karunagappalli is connected to various cities in India like Kollam, Trivandrum, Kochi, Calicut, Palakkad, Thrissur, Bengaluru, Udupi, Mumbai, Madurai, Kanyakumari, Vishakapatnam, Mangalore, Pune, Salem, Coimbatore, Trichy, Tirunelveli, Hyderabad etc through Indian Railways.
Findochty railway station was a railway station in the small fishing village of Findochty, Moray about 3 miles to the east of Buckie.
 The railway station was opened by the Great North of Scotland Railway (GNoSR) on its Moray Firth coast line in 1886, served by Aberdeen to Elgin trains.
Blithfield is a civil parish in the East Staffordshire district of Staffordshire, England.
 It includes the settlements of Admaston <nowiki>(a small hamlet in Staffordshire),</nowiki> Newton (Which forms part of the A34, linking between Walsall and Cannock) along with Blithfield Hall, home of the Bagot family since 1360.
 It is situated 7.5 mi southwest of Uttoxeter and 4.5 mi north of Rugeley.
 Blithfield and Admaston comprise 1414 acre of land, with Newtown occupying 1744 acre .
 The nearest railway stations are Rugeley Trent valley <nowiki>(3miles away)</nowiki> and Rugeley town <nowiki>(3 miles away)</nowiki>.
Foleshill railway station was a railway station in the city of Coventry, England, built by the London and North Western Railway on the line from Coventry to Nuneaton.
 The railway station was located in the northern part of Coventry, approximately 3 miles from the city centre, on the northern end of Lockhurst Lane in Holbrooks.
Mulangunnathukavu Railway Station (Station Code: MGK) is in Mulankunnathukavu (മുളങ്ങുന്നതുകാവ്), a panchayat in Puzhakkal block of Thrissur, which is situated between Wadakkanchery Railway Station and Poonkunnam Railway Station in the busy Shoranur-Cochin Harbour section.
 Mulangunnathukavu Railway Station is operated by the Chennai-headquartered Southern Railways of the Indian Railways.
 The station is used as shuttle station for Thrissur Railway Station that is 10 km south.
 It is just 250 meters away from State Highway 22 (Kerala).
 Ticketing is computerized and offers basic parking facilities.
 Only passenger trains and MEMU trains stop here.
 A Food Corporation of India storage facility is located close nearby.
 The line presently connects only trains through cities of Ernakulam/Kozhikode/Palakkad/Shornur/Tirur(Malappuram)/Thalassery/Kannur and Coimbatore.
 Two Shornur-Ernakulam passengers (Trains no 55607, 55609 comes at 5:20 am, 5;30 pm and reaches in Ernakulam Junction at 7:50 am and 7:50 pm respectively.
 The Thrissur-Kannur passenger (Train no 55603) arrives approximately 6:00 am and reaches Kannur by 12:20 pm.
 The Palakkad-Ernakulam memu train (Train no 66611) arrives around 10:20 am and reaches by 12:50 pm in Ernakulam Junction.
 The Ernakulam-Palakkad memu train (Train no 66612) starts by 3.05 pm,reaching the station around 5:15 pm (railway time) and finally stops in Palakkad by 7:20 pm.
Khadki Railway Station is on the Mumbai - Pune Railway route.
 It is owned by central railways department of Indian Railways.
 Sinhagad Express, Sahyadri Express, Deccan Express, Koyna Express and Mumbai - Chennai Express have their halt at this station.
 It has four platforms, six lines and one footbridge and is an electrified station.
 The nearest railway station is Pune Railway Station and nearest airport is Pune International Airport at Lohegaon (Viman Nagar).
 The Pichola offers accommodation which is just 4 km away from the station.
 This is a Major halt for Military.
 This makes this an important station on Pune Suburban Railway.
 This station is to the east of Khadki Auto Rickshaw Stand and is near Khadki Bazaar.
 This Station was built for access to Khadki Cantonment (Kirkee Cantonment).
 Even today this station is mostly used for Indian Army.
 The CAFVD Sports Stadium is in front of this railway station which hosts local Association Football and Field Hockey matches.
Brief Encounter is a 1974 British-Italian television film starring Richard Burton and Sophia Loren, adapted from the play "Still Life" by Noël Coward.
 The plot of the film is about two strangers, both married to others, who meet in a railway station and find themselves in a brief but intense affair.
 The material was previously the basis for the David Lean film "Brief Encounter" (1945).
 Burton was cast at the last moment, after Robert Shaw dropped out.
Port Carlisle railway station was a railway station in Port Carlisle, Cumbria; the terminus on the Port Carlisle Railway, serving the village and old port and the steamer service to Liverpool that ran from here until 1856, when it was transferred to Silloth.
 Port Carlisle was two and a half miles away by train from Drumburgh and Glasson was one and a quarter miles away.
 The journey time to Drumburgh was nine minutes, although Glasson was a request stop.
