Electric Brigade is a popular music group, formed from the United States Naval Academy Band, and originally known as Tidal Wave, organized in 1972.
 Tidal Wave was reorganized in 1979, and its scope broadened from rock to popular music in general, with a name change to "Electric Brigade".
John Riley Kane (January 5, 1907 – May 29, 1996) was a colonel in the United States Army Air Forces and later the United States Air Force who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, in World War II.
 A native of Texas, Kane joined the Army Air Forces after graduating from Baylor University.
 During World War II, he commanded the 98th Bombardment Group, a B-24 Liberator unit, and conducted bombing missions in Europe, Africa and the Middle East.
 He was awarded the Medal of Honor for leading the 98th in Operation Tidal Wave, a low-altitude attack on oil refineries in Ploieşti, Romania.
 After the war, he commanded a series of airfields in the U.S. and served a year and a half in North Africa before his retirement.
Tidal Wave () is a 2009 South Korean disaster film.
 Billed as South Korea's first disaster film, "Tidal Wave" is directed by Yoon Je-kyoon and stars Sol Kyung-gu, Ha Ji-won, Park Joong-hoon and Uhm Jung-hwa.
MIA Hunters was a Minnesota-based volunteer nonprofit organization dedicated to finding and recovering the remains of lost American pilots air crew members missing in action from World War II.
 MIA Hunters organized at least 34 missions to China, Papua New Guinea, Vietnam, the Philippines, and elsewhere to locate the remains at crash sites and unmarked graves, without any charge to the families.
 They located a number of aircraft associated with milestones in military history, among them the Doolittle Raid and Operation Tidal Wave.
Operation Tidal Wave was an air attack by bombers of the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) based in Libya and Southern Italy on nine oil refineries around Ploiești, Romania on 1 August 1943, during World War II.
 It was a strategic bombing mission and part of the "oil campaign" to deny petroleum-based fuel to the Axis.
 The mission resulted in "no curtailment of overall product output".
Operation Tidal Wave II is a US-led coalition military operation commenced on or about 21 October 2015 against oil transport, refining and distribution facilities and infrastructure under the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
 Targets include transport trucks, operated by middlemen, which previously were not usually targeted.
The Petrotel refinery was established in 1904 as the Romanian-American Refinery (Romanian: "Rafinăria Româno-Americană" ) with an annual processing capacity of 80,000 tonnes.
 It became a strategic target in World War II and was bombarded by the allied powers in a small raid in June 1942, then in a much larger series of missions, Operation Tidal Wave in August 1943, in an effort to destroy the Axis' oil fields and refineries.
 The refinery area quickly became the third most heavily defended target in Europe, after Berlin and Vienna.
Lloyd Herbert "Pete" Hughes Jr., (July 12, 1921 – August 1, 1943), was a pilot who held the rank of Second Lieutenant in the United States Army Air Forces who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in Operation Tidal Wave during World War II.
Romania was the largest European producer of oil in World War II.
 The oil extracted from Romania was essential for Axis military operations.
 The petrochemical industry near Ploieşti was bombed heavily by American bombers (see Operation Tidal Wave).
 After the war, a heavy reconstruction and expansion was done under the communist regime.
 Since then, most of the industry has been privatized.
Lieutenant Colonel Addison Earl Baker (January 1, 1907 – August 1, 1943) was commander of the 93rd Bombardment Group (Heavy) in the U.S. Army Air Forces who led the group on the low-altitude Allied bombing mission of oil refineries at Ploieşti, Romania, Operation Tidal Wave.
 For his actions during World War II he received the United States of America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor.
