Battle of Kosovo (Serbo-Croatian: Бој на Косову, Boj na Kosovu) is a 1989 Yugoslav historical drama/war film filmed in Serbia.
 The film was based on the drama written by poet Ljubomir Simović.
 It depicts the historical Battle of Kosovo between Medieval Serbia and the Ottoman Empire which took place on 15 June 1389 (according to the Julian calendar, 28 June 1389 by the Gregorian calendar) in a field about 5 kilometers northwest of Pristina.
Suez is an American film released on October 28, 1938 by 20th Century Fox, with Darryl F. Zanuck in charge of production, directed by Allan Dwan and starring Tyrone Power, Loretta Young and Annabella.
 It is very loosely based on events surrounding the construction, between 1859 and 1869, of the Suez Canal, planned and supervised by French diplomat Ferdinand de Lesseps.
 The screenplay is so highly fictionalized that, upon the film's release in France, de Lesseps' descendants sued (unsuccessfully) for libel.
"Roger Malvin's Burial" is a short story by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne.
 It was first published anonymously in 1832 before its inclusion in the 1846 collection "Mosses from an Old Manse".
 The tale concerns two fictional colonial survivors returning home after the historical battle known as Battle of Pequawket.
Saint James the Moor-slayer (Spanish: "Santiago Matamoros" ) is the name given to the representation (painting, sculpture, etc.) of the apostle James, son of Zebedee as a legendary, miraculous figure who appeared at the also legendary Battle of Clavijo, helping the Christians conquer the Muslim Moors.
 The story was invented centuries after the alleged battle was supposed to have taken place.
 "Matamoros" is not a name nor an advocation of the saint.
 Aspects of the historical Battle of Monte Laturce (859) were incorporated into this legend of the battle of Clavijo, as Claudio Sánchez-Albornoz demonstrated in 1948.
 Historian Jean Mitchell-Lanham says "While this event is based on legend, the supposed battle has provided one of the strongest ideological icons in the Spanish national identity."
The Admiral: Roaring Currents (), or simply The Admiral, is a 2014 South Korean naval war film directed and co-written by Kim Han-min.
 Based on the historical Battle of Myeongnyang, it stars an ensemble cast led by Choi Min-sik as the Korean naval commander Yi Sun-sin.
 The film was released theatrically in South Korea on July 30, 2014.
The Battle of Clavijo is a mythical battle. "
[T]o a serious historian, the existence of the Battle of Clavijo is not even a topic of discussion".
 However, it was believed for centuries to be historical, and it became a popular theme of Spanish traditions regarding the Christian expulsion of the Muslims.
 The stories about the battle are first found centuries after it allegedly occurred; according to them, it was fought near Clavijo between Christians, led by Ramiro I of Asturias, and Muslims, led by the Emir of Córdoba.
 In the legend, the apostle James, son of Zebedee, an associate of Jesus who died 800 years earlier, suddenly appeared and led an outnumbered Christian army to gain its victory.
 He became the patron saint of Spain and is known to Spaniards as Saint James "Matamoros" ("the Moor-killer").
 Aspects of the historical Battle of Monte Laturce (859) were incorporated into this legend, as Claudio Sánchez-Albornoz demonstrated in 1948.
 The date originally assigned to the battle, 834, was changed in modern times to 844 to suit the inherent contradictions of the account.
 The day is sometimes given as 23 May.
Montjoie (Old French: Munjoie) is the historical battle cry supposedly used under Charlemagne and later in the medieval Kingdom of France, where it was at some point – presumably in the 12th century (Louis the Fat) – extended to Montjoie Saint Denis in reference to the Oriflamme battle standard, which was originally kept in the Abbey of St. Denis.
1906 is a 2004 American fictional historical novel written by James Dalessandro.
 With a 38-page outline and six finished chapters, he pitched it around Hollywood in 1998 for a film by the same name, based upon events surrounding the great San Francisco earthquake and fire of 1906.
Crécy is a graphic novel written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Raulo Cáceres, depicting some of the events surrounding the historical Battle of Crécy.
 The graphic novel was published in 2007 by Avatar Press, under the Apparat imprint.
 The story is told from the point of view of the fictional William of Stonham, an English longbowman.
 It features several important characters from the event, including Edward III and Philip VI, the kings of England and France respectively.
The Battle of Hastings reenactment is a yearly reenactment of the Battle of Hastings, held at Battle Abbey in Battle, East Sussex, UK, and drawing participants from around the world.
 It takes place every year on the weekend nearest 14 October on the site of the historical battle, although is often arranged across the hill rather than up it, to take account of the smaller number of participants and the need for spectators.
