The Treaty of Accession 1994 was the agreement between the member states of the European Union and four countries (Norway, Austria, Finland and Sweden), concerning these countries' accession into the EU.
 It entered into force on 1 January 1995.
 The Treaty arranged accession of Austria, Finland and Sweden to the EU and amended earlier Treaties of the European Union.
 As such it is an integral part of the constitutional basis of the European Union.
 Norway failed to join the EU because its referendum did not pass.
The European Union (Finance) Act 2015 (c. 32) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom enacted to approve for the purposes of section 7(1) of the European Union Act 2011 the decision of the Council of 26 May 2014 on the system of own resources of the European Union; and to amend the definition of "the Treaties" and "the EU Treaties" in section 1(2) of the European Communities Act 1972 so as to include that decision.
 It received royal assent on 21 July 2015.
The Swiss federal popular initiative "against mass immigration" (German: "Eidgenössische Volksinitiative "Gegen Masseneinwanderung"" , French: "Initiative populaire « Contre l'immigration de masse »" , Italian: "Iniziativa popolare "Contro l'immigrazione di massa"" ) was a referendum that aimed to limit immigration through quotas, as it had been prior to the bilateral treaties between Switzerland and the European Union launched 2002.
The European Union (Referendum) Act 2016 is an Act of the Gibraltar Parliament, which implements the United Kingdom’s European Union Referendum Act 2015 in Gibraltar.
 It was the first time a referendum has been held in Gibraltar on the issue of continued EU membership since the territory joined along with the United Kingdom in 1973 and was also the first time the British Overseas Territory had participated in a UK-wide referendum.
 The Act commenced on 26 January 2016, and received assent from the Governor of Gibraltar on 28 January 2016.
The 1995 enlargement of the European Union saw Austria, Finland and Sweden accede to the European Union (EU).
 This was the EU's fourth enlargement and came into effect on the 1 January of that year.
 All these states were previous members of the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) and had traditionally been less interested in joining the EU than other European countries.
 Norway had negotiated to join alongside the other three but following the signing of the treaty, membership was turned down by the Norwegian electorate in the 1994 national referendum.
 Switzerland also applied for membership on 26 May 1992, but withdrew it after a negative referendum result on 6 December 1992 (and that was not changed after a second negative referendum result on 4 March 2001).
The European Union (Referendum) Bill 2013–14 was a private member's bill of the Parliament of the United Kingdom designed to make provision for a referendum on membership of the European Union to be held in 2017 following renegotiation of terms between the European Union and the United Kingdom government.
 The bill ceased to be considered by Parliament after January 2014 and did not become law.
 However, a subsequent bill with the same objective, the European Union Referendum Act 2015, was introduced by the newly elected Conservative government in May 2015 was passed and received royal assent on 17 December 2015.
The European Single Market, Internal Market or Common Market is a single market which seeks to guarantee the free movement of goods, capital, services, and labour – the "four freedoms" – within the European Union (EU).
 The market encompasses the EU's 28 member states, and has been extended, with exceptions, to Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway through the Agreement on the European Economic Area and to Switzerland through bilateral treaties.
Many countries have entered into tax treaties (also called double tax agreements, or DTAs) with other countries to avoid or mitigate double taxation.
 Such treaties may cover a range of taxes including income taxes, inheritance taxes, value added taxes, or other taxes.
 Besides bilateral treaties, multilateral treaties are also in place.
 For example, European Union (EU) countries are parties to a multilateral agreement with respect to value added taxes under auspices of the EU, while a joint treaty on mutual administrative assistance of the Council of Europe and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) is open to all countries.
 Tax treaties tend to reduce taxes of one treaty country for residents of the other treaty country to reduce double taxation of the same income.
The novel presupposes a referendum to have taken place in the United Kingdom in 2015, on whether the country should join a United States of Europe (a development of the European Union) as part of a Treaty of Aachen.
 The referendum gives a narrow majority to supporters of the Treaty (51.86% to 48.14%).
 Thirty years later the book's anti-hero, the historian Horatio Lestocq, a member of All Souls College at Oxford University, researching the referendum for a series of articles in "The Times", comes across evidence revealing that the referendum was rigged by a pro-European elite.
 After a series of violent events, including murder and an attempt on the life of the emigré William Mountbatten-Windsor (son of "the late ex-King Charles III", and now King of New Zealand), Lestocq's eventual exposure of the referendum fraud results in the restoration of an independent United Kingdom, and he is rewarded, after the repeal of the European Union's 'Classlessness Directive', with a baronetcy and the editorship of "The Times".
The relations between Switzerland and the European Union (EU) are framed by a series of bilateral treaties whereby the Swiss Confederation has adopted various provisions of European Union law in order to participate in the Union's single market.
 All but one (the microstate Liechtenstein) of Switzerland's neighbouring countries are EU member states.
