General elections were held in El Salvador on 20 March 1994, with a second round of the presidential elections taking place on 24 April.
 Armando Calderón Sol of the Nationalist Republican Alliance won the presidential elections, whilst his party also won the legislative elections.
 Voter turnout was 50% in the first round of the presidential elections and 45.5% in the second, whilst it was 53.1% for the legislative election.
The next elections for the President of Croatia are due to take place by direct popular vote on a date between 21 December 2019 and 20 January 2020, with a second round (if necessary) to take place on a date between 4 January 2020 and 3 February 2020 between the two candidates with the largest number of votes in the first round.
 Namely, the Constitution of Croatia states that a presidential election must be held no more than 60 days and no less than 30 days before the expiration of the incumbent president's term.
 They will be the seventh presidential elections since the first direct ones were held in 1992.
Early and indirect presidential elections were held in Finland in 1940 after President Kyösti Kallio resigned on 27 November following a stroke on 27 August.
 The 1937 electoral college was recalled and elected Prime Minister Risto Ryti, who received 288 of the 300 votes.
 Most other Finnish politicians considered Ryti a principled, unselfish, intelligent and patriotic man, who could lead Finland effectively enough during World War II.
 His leadership qualities had been tested already during the Winter War (November 1939-March 1940).
 Also the outgoing President Kallio considered him the best available presidential candidate.
 In early December 1940, the Soviet Foreign Minister, Vyacheslav Molotov, interfered with the Finnish presidential elections by claiming to the Finnish Ambassador to the Soviet Union, J.K. Paasikivi, that if potential presidential candidates such as Marshal Mannerheim, former President Svinhufvud or former Prime Minister Kivimäki were elected President, the Soviet government would consider Finland unwilling to fulfill its peace treaty with the Soviet Union.
 Due to the lingering threat of another war and the Karelian refugees' dispersal throughout Finland, regular presidential elections were cancelled, and instead the 1937 presidential electors were summoned to elect the President.
 Under these tense political circumstances, Ryti had no problem winning these exceptional presidential elections by a landslide (see, for example, Antti Laine, "Finland At War" (Suomi sodassa), pgs.
 705-707 in Seppo Zetterberg et al., eds., A Small Giant of the Finnish History / Suomen historian pikkujättiläinen.
 Helsinki: WSOY, 2003; Pentti Virrankoski, A History of Finland / Suomen historia, volumes 1&2.
 Helsinki: Finnish Literature Society (Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seura), 2009, pg.
 898).
Presidential elections were held in Croatia on 24 January 2000.
 They were the third presidential elections since independence in 1991, and were also the first early presidential elections, as they were held due to the death of incumbent president Franjo Tuđman on 10 December 1999.
 They were the last elections to be held under the semi-presidential system of government, by which the President was the most powerful official in the government structure and could also appoint and dismiss the Prime Minister and his cabinet.
 Namely, constitutional changes adopted in November 2000 foresaw an incomplete parliamentary system, which retained the direct election of the president but greatly reduced his powers in favor of a stronger prime minister and cabinet of ministers.
The politics of Argentina takes place in the framework of what the Constitution defines as a federal presidential representative democratic Republic, where the President of Argentina is both Head of State and Head of Government.
 Legislative power is vested in the two chambers of the Argentine National Congress.
 The Judiciary is independent of the Executive and the Legislature.
 Elections take place regularly on a multi-party system.
The number of elections in Iowa varies from year to year.
 Presidential elections are held every four years.
 Since 1972, Iowa has been the first state to vote in presidential primaries, with their caucuses.
 As with presidential elections, gubernatorial elections are held every four years - but are staggered such that they are held on general elections independently of the presidential election.
 Members of the Iowa Senate are elected every four years, with half of the Senate elected at each general election; all members of the Iowa House of Representatives are elected every two years.
 Additionally, elections for various government officials, judicial retention elections, and elections on referenda occur as part of various elections in Iowa.
Presidential elections in Singapore, in which the President of Singapore is directly elected by popular vote, were introduced through amendments to the Constitution of Singapore in 1991.
 Potential candidates for office have to fulfil stringent qualifications set out in the Constitution.
 Certificates of eligibility are issued by the Presidential Elections Committee (PEC).
 In particular, the PEC must assess that they are persons of integrity, good character and reputation; and if they have not previously held certain key government appointments or were the chief executives of profitable companies with shareholders' equity of an average of S$500 million for the most recent three years in that office, they must demonstrate to the PEC that they held a position of comparable seniority and responsibility in the public or private sector that has given them experience and ability in administering and managing financial affairs.
 The general strictness of the required qualifications led to the walkovers in 3 out of 5 of the presidential elections, as presidents S. R. Nathan and Halimah Yacob were the sole candidates to receive a certificate of eligibility from the PEC in their respective years in the 1999, 2005 and 2017 elections.
 The stringent criteria, the transparency of the PEC's decision-making process and the practice of political parties endorsing candidates have drawn criticism.
Presidential elections were held in Haiti on 25 October 2015, alongside local elections and the second round of the legislative elections.
 Incumbent President Michel Martelly was constitutionally barred from running.
 As no candidate received a majority of the vote in the first round, a runoff was to be held on 27 December 2015.
 Voter turnout was reportedly 28.8%.
 On 22 December the Conseil Electoral Provisoire announced that the runoff has been postponed indefinitely.
 However, on 1 January 2016 President Michel Martelly announced that the runoff would be held on 17 January, but on 7 January the President changed the date to 24 January.
 On 20 January, Jude Célestin issued a statement that calls "whatever the person who will participate in this January 24 [runoff], is a traitor to the Nation".
 Because of rioting and electoral violence, on 22 January the CEP decided to postpone the second round again, with no specific date given, even after President Michel Martelly confirmed the previous day in a nationwide speech that the election should still take place.
 The run-off date was later agreed to take place on 24 April 2016.
 However, according to Reuters and several other sources, the runoff is postponed again with an indeterminate date most likely after October 2016.
 United Nations Secretary-General has expressed deep concern that the agreed upon date for holding elections in Haiti was not met and that no alternate electoral calendar was announced.
The number of elections in Hamburg varies.
 Hamburg has a state election every four years, the elections for the state parliament.
 There are also elections to the federal diet (the lower house of the federal parliament) of Germany, the local elections of the diet of the boroughs (Bezirksversammlungen) and every five years to the European Parliament.
 All elections take place by universal adult suffrage and are regulated by law.
Indirect presidential elections are due to take place in Albania in 2022, with a second, third, fourth or fifth round if necessary.
 The constitution states that a presidential election must be held no more than 60 days and no less than 30 days before the expiration of the incumbent president's term.
 They will be the ninth presidential elections since 1991 and the collapse of the communist regime.
