Fiapre is a town in Sunyani West District in the Brong-Ahafo Region of Ghana.
 Fiapre is very close to the regional capital town of the Brong-Ahafo Region, Sunyani.
Notre Dame High School (also known as NDHS, Notre Dame H.S., Notre Dame, or simply Dame) is an all-girls Roman Catholic secondary school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Notre Dame High School is a Roman Catholic secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Norwich, England.
 The current Headteacher is Mr Brian Conway.
 The school was opened in 1864 and currently teaches around 1,400 pupils, 400 of whom are in the sixth form.
 The Roman Catholic Diocese of East Anglia, Norfolk County Council, and the Department for Education all support Notre Dame High School.
Mount Notre Dame High School (often abbreviated MND or Mt. Notre Dame) is a private, all-female, college-preparatory high school in Reading, a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, north of Cincinnati, Ohio.
 Founded in 1860, Mount Notre Dame originally was a boarding school known for its excellence in education.
 The school is one of six all-female Catholic high schools in the Cincinnati area and the only that is run by the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur as a part of the Archdiocese of Cincinnati.
The Southern Ohio Conference (S.O.C.) is an athletic conference in Ohio.
 The conference is also a member of the Ohio High School Athletic Association, the governing body of Ohio athletics.
 There are currently sixteen member schools in the conference.
 The S.O.C. includes teams from four different Ohio counties - Jackson County (Oak Hill High School), Lawrence County (Symmes Valley High School), Pike County (Waverly High School, Eastern High School, and Western High School), and Scioto County (Clay High School, Green High School, Glenwood High School, Sciotoville Community School, Valley High School, Northwest High School, Minford High School, Portsmouth West High School, Notre Dame High School, South Webster High School, and Wheelersburg High School).
 The conference recognizes: baseball, boys' and girls' basketball, boys' and girls' cross country, football, boys' soccer, fast pitch softball, boys' and girls' swimming, boys' and girls' tennis, boys' and girls' track and field athletics, and girls' volleyball.
Notre Dame High School is a comprehensive state school for girls located on Observatory Road in Glasgow, Scotland, and founded in 1897.
 Notre Dame High is the only remaining single sex comprehensive school in Scotland.
Asemota currently attends Notre Dame High School and has been a student there for all four years.
 Living in Reseda, California most of his life, Asemota looked up to many high profile athletes from Notre Dame High School, such as Koa Farmer, Khalfani Muhammed, and notable alumni Giancarlo Stanton.
 Asemota found late interest in football during his sophomore year when a football coach approached him during a track meet because of his outstanding blend of height and speed.
 The same coach, Calvin Taylor, then had Asemota playing wide receiver and free safety for him that season in 2014.

Notre Dame High School for Girls was a private, Roman Catholic, all-girls college prep high school in Chicago, Illinois.
 Notre Dame High School for Girls was founded in 1938 by the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur and in 2009, was incorporated by the Archdiocese of Chicago, making it part of the St. Ferdinand Parish.
 Teaching grades 9-12; it is located on the Northwest side of Chicago at 3115 N. Mason Ave., 60634.
 The school was located in the heart of a quiet, cozy neighborhood and easily accessed by public transportation.
 Its teachings were based on the educational philosophy of St. Julie Billiart, founder of the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur.
 The school provides moral, academic, physical and social education.
Mercy Cross High School was a private, Roman Catholic high school in Biloxi, Mississippi, founded in 1981.
 It was the merger of two of Biloxi's most iconic high schools, Sacred Heart High School and Notre Dame High School.
 Sacred Heart was the all girls school while Notre Dame was the all boys school.
 Mercy Cross was the co-ed merger of the two.
 The name, Mercy Cross, was derived from the Sisters of Mercy and the Brothers of the Holy Cross who taught students at schools in the diocese for decades.
 Feeder schools included Nativity BVM Elementary, Our Lady of Fatima Elementary, Sacred Heart Elementary, and St. Alphonsus Elementary.
Notre Dame High School, Belmont is a private, All-Female, Catholic, college preparatory high school located in the San Mateo County suburb of Belmont, California.
 The school is operated by the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur for the Archdiocese of San Francisco.
 The school's mission is driven by the teachings of Saint Julie Billiart, the foundress of the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur.
