Plukenetia conophora, also called Nigerian walnut, and conophor, is a climbing shrub in the genus "Plukenetia".
 It is not related to the walnut, being so named because its nuts bear a superficial resemblance to the walnut.
 It is native to tropical western and central Africa from Togo to Congo and in Sierra Leone.
 It is abundant in the Nigeria, Cameroon, Republic of the Congo and Democratic Republic of Congo.
 It prefers rain-forest hedge in half-shady places; low bush; secondary forest; plantations at elevations from 250-1400 m Although it is well recorded in Sierra Leone, it is apparently not indigenous to Sierra Leone, since it is not recorded in Liberia and Ghana.
 Its presence in Sierra Leone is due to returning slaves for it is known to the Krio by its Yoruba (Nigerian) name.
 Plukenetia conophora is the only Plukenetia species native to West Africa or Central Africa.
 Others Plukenetia species are indigenous to other parts of Africa, the Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia, and America.
The pygmy hippopotamus ("Choeropsis liberiensis" or "Hexaprotodon liberiensis") is a small hippopotamid which is native to the forests and swamps of West Africa, primarily in Liberia, with small populations in Sierra Leone, Guinea, and Ivory Coast.
West Africa, also called Western Africa and the West of Africa, is the westernmost subregion of Africa.
 West Africa has been defined as including 18 countries: Benin, Burkina Faso, the island nation of Cape Verde, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, the island of Saint Helena, Senegal, Sierra Leone, São Tomé and Príncipe and Togo.
 The population of West Africa is estimated at about /1e6 round 0 million people as of .
 Islam is the predominant religion of 70% of the population, with smaller amounts practicing Christianity and Traditional African religions.
Fula people of Sierra Leone is the third major ethnic group in Sierra Leone and a branch of the Fula people of West Africa.
 The Fula make up about 10% of Sierra Leone's population.
 The Sierra Leone Fula people settled in the Western Area region of Sierra Leone more than four hundred years ago as settlers from the Fouta Djallon Kingdom that expanded to northern Sierra Leone (Kabala, Bombali).
Ptychadena tournieri is a species of frog in the family Ptychadenidae.
 It is a widespread species in West Africa and found in Senegal, Gambia, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Ivory Coast, as well as in Togo and Benin; it is assumed to occur in Ghana and southeastern Burkina Faso, although it has not been recorded there.
 On the other hand, some records may refer to other species; the Amphibian Species of the World excludes Gambia and Togo from the distribution.
 Common names Liberia grassland frog and Tournier's rocket frog are sometimes used.
Saros or "Creoles in Nigeria" during the nineteenth century and early twentieth century were freed slaves who migrated to Nigeria in the beginning of the 1830s.
 They were known locally as saros (elided form of Sierra Leone, from the Yoruba "sàró") or Amaros: migrants from Brazil and Cuba.
 Saros and Amaros also settled in other West African countries such as the Gold Coast (Ghana).
 They were mostly freed and repatriated slaves from various West African and Latin American countries such as Sierra Leone, Brazil and Cuba.
 Liberated "returnee" Africans from Brazil were more commonly known as "Agudas", from the word "àgùdà" in the Yoruba language.
 Most of the Latin American returnees or Amaros started migrating to Africa after slavery was abolished on the continent while others from West Africa, or the Saros were recaptured and freed slaves already resident in Sierra Leone.
 Many of the returnees chose to return to Nigeria for cultural, missionary and economic reasons.
 Many (if not the greater majority) of them were originally descended from the Yoruba of western and central Nigeria.
 Other Nigerian groups forming part of the Sierra Leonean Krio population included Efik, Igbos, Hausa and Nupe.
The Yoruba share borders with the Bariba to the northwest in Benin, the Nupe to the north and the Ebira to the northeast in central Nigeria.
 To the east are the Edo, Ẹsan and the Afemai groups in mid-western Nigeria.
 Adjacent to the Ebira and Edo groups are the related Igala people found in the northeast, on the left bank of the Niger River.
 To the southwest are the Gbe speaking Mahi, Egun, Fon and Ewe who border Yoruba communities in Benin and Togo.
 To the southeast are Itsekiri who live in the north-west end of the Niger delta.
 They are ancestrally related to the Yoruba but chose to maintain a distinct cultural identity.
 Significant Yoruba populations in other West African countries can be found in Ghana, Ivory Coast, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Project Fame, also known as Project Fame West Africa or MTN Project Fame West Africa (for sponsorship purposes), is a music talent TV reality show filmed in Lagos and aired in the West African subcontinent.
 It is a regional version of "Star Academy" reality series that was developed and is licensed worldwide by Endemol.
 The show used to feature contestants from Ghana, Liberia, Nigeria and Sierra Leone, but Liberia and Sierra Leone have been dropped since the 2014 Ebola Outbreak.
 The show is broadcast by networks in these four countries and across the African continent.
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire) leads the world in production and export of the cocoa beans used in the manufacture of chocolate, as of 2012, supplying 33% of cocoa produced in the world.
 West Africa collectively supplies two thirds of the world's cocoa crop, with Ivory Coast leading production at 1.8 million tonnes as of 2017, and nearby Ghana, Nigeria, Cameroon and Togo producing additional 1.55 million tonnes.
 Ivory Coast overtook Ghana as the world's leading producer of cocoa beans in 1978, and today is highly dependent on the crop, which accounts for 40% of national export income.
 The primary non-African competitor of Ivory Coast is Indonesia, which went from having almost nonexistent domestic cocoa industry in the 1970s to becoming one of the largest producers in the market by the early 2000s.
 According to the UN FAO, Indonesia overtook Ghana and became the second-largest producer worldwide in 2006.
 (World Cocoa Foundation provides significantly lower figures for Indonesia, but concurs that it is the largest producer of cocoa beans outside West Africa.)
 Large chocolate producers such as Cadbury, Hershey's, and Nestle buy Ivorian cocoa futures and options through Euronext whereby world prices are set.
Mohamed Yahya Sillah was born December 12, 1949 in Massam Kpaka, Pujehun District, Republic of Sierra Leone.
 His father, Alhaji Yahya Sillah, now 100 years old, served as Regent Chief (Acting Paramount Chief) for several years in Dama Chiefdom, Kenema District in the early seventies.
 Alhaji Yahya Sillah was appointed to that high position by Sierra Leone President Siaka Stevens.
 His mother, Haja Mamie Zoe Mansaray, was a home maker.
 A journalist and human rights activist, Mohamed Yahya Sillah was a vocal torch-bearer in the transition efforts from military to civilian rule in Sierra Leone, 1996.
 As Leader and National Chairman of National Alliance Democratic Party (NADP), he competed the 1996 Presidential elections in Sierra Leone, becoming one of only thirteen political leaders that qualified to contest the Presidential and Parliamentary elections in the country at the age of 46.
 His adoring personality lured many Sierra Leoneans and media practitioners to view him as one of the most eloquent and charismatic politicians in Sierra Leone.
 Nevertheless, he received only 0.5% of the votes (3,723 total votes), good for 13th place.
 Although he protested the election results on BBC's Focus on Africa, he later suspended his protest "for the sake of peace."
 Mohamed Yahya Sillah continues to enjoy massive support from the youth and women supporters in Sierra Leone.
 In 2007, he withdrew his bid for national leadership in the Presidential and Parliamentary elections, citing inadequate funding and ineffective campaign management machinery.
 He later put his weight behind the Sierra Leone Peoples Party (SLPP) presidential candidate, Vice President Solomon Berewa.
 When Berewa lost the elections, Mohamed Yahya Sillah gracefully congratulated the winning candidate, Ernest Bai Koroma, of the All People's Congress (APC) party.
 Mohamed Yahya Sillah vows to respect and help protect the dignity of any Sierra Leonean that is legitimately and democratically elected to office by the people of Sierra Leone.
