The Carlyle Group is an American multinational private equity, alternative asset management and financial services corporation.
 As one of the largest private equity and alternative investment firms in the world, Carlyle specializes in four key business areas: corporate private equity, real assets, global market strategies, and investment solutions.
Adena T. Friedman (born 1969) is an American businessperson.
 She currently serves as the president and CEO of Nasdaq.
 She was formerly the managing director and CFO of The Carlyle Group.
 In May 2014, it was announced that Friedman would return to NASDAQ OMX as the president of global corporate and information technology solutions.
 In November 2016, she was named the CEO of NASDAQ.
Nasdaq, Inc. is an American multinational financial services corporation that owns and operates (and is listed on) the NASDAQ (formerly National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations) stock market and eight European stock exchanges, namely Armenian Stock Exchange, Copenhagen Stock Exchange, Helsinki Stock Exchange, Iceland Stock Exchange, Riga Stock Exchange, Stockholm Stock Exchange, Tallinn Stock Exchange, and NASDAQ OMX Vilnius.
 It is headquartered in New York City, and its president and chief executive officer is Adena Friedman.
Hydra Ventures is an investment and business development firm that creates and develops new consumer brands in the apparel, footwear and sports-related areas.
 It is basically formed as a venture capital fund but has the full backing of Adidas.
 The Managing Director is Tom Montgomery, who was formerly head of corporate strategy at Adidas.
 Besides Adidas CEO Herbert Hainer and Adidas CFO Robin Stalker, the board includes Duncan Fitzwilliams, founder of Nash Fitzwilliams, and Toby Hoare, CEO of JWT Europe.
Mr. Udai Kumar is the Managing Director and CEO of the Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Ltd (MSEI) since February 2016.
 MSEI is India’s youngest and one of the three stock exchanges recognized by country’s securities market regulator - Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
 Mr. Kumar served as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim Managing Director of Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Ltd. from 10 October 2015 to February 2016.
 He has also served as Managing Director of Metropolitan Clearing Corporation of India Ltd (MCCIL) (Formerly, MCX-SX Clearing Corporation Ltd (MCX-SXCCL).
 He also serves as a Director of Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
The chief financial officer (CFO) or chief financial and operating officer (CFOO) is a corporate officer primarily responsible for managing the financial risks of the corporation.
 This officer is also responsible for financial planning and record-keeping, as well as financial reporting to higher management.
 In some sectors the CFO is also responsible for analysis of data.
 The title is equivalent to finance director (FD), a common title in the United Kingdom.
 The CFO typically reports to the chief executive officer and to the board of directors, and may additionally sit on the board.
Bill Mulrow (born January 26, 1956) is an American businessman, investment banker and government official.
 He is a Senior Managing Director at the Blackstone Group, an alternative asset manager.
 Previously, he was a Director of Global Capital Markets at Citigroup, Inc., a Managing Director of Paladin Capital Group, a Senior Vice President and Head of New Product Development at Gabelli Asset Management (now GAMCO Investors), a Managing Director in Corporate Finance for Rothschild Inc., and a Managing Director and Head of Public Finance Banking for Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corporation.
A development director or director of development is the senior fundraising manager of a non-profit organization, company, or corporation.
 The position works closely with a chief financial officer (CFO) or treasurer.
 A Director of Development is chiefly responsible for bringing in revenue streams to a non-profit (grants, donations, special events), and a CFO is responsible for the fiscal management of the organization.
 A CFO is rarely assigned to write grant narratives, but may oversee the budget section of a grant application or a fiscal report for a grant.
 Some larger organizations (especially those that have large government grants) have a grants manager as well as a grant writer/Director of Development.
 A Grants Manager assists the CFO with grant reports and/or grant related accounting.
 A development director is usually remunerated for his or her work, and in best practices for nonprofit organizations, development directors earn salaries.
 Commissions are still considered unethical by professional organizations such as the Grant Professionals Association (GPA) and the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), but the practice of commission based remuneration is growing, particularly in the current economy.
Richard L. Friedman (born 1941) is a prominent businessman and real estate developer involved in numerous business, civic, and charitable endeavors.
 Friedman is the President and CEO of Carpenter & Company, Inc. of Cambridge, Massachusetts, a private firm involved in real estate and private investments.
 Carpenter specializes in creative hotel development and the adaptive reuse of historic structures into high-end hotels.
 In 2000, President Bill Clinton appointed Friedman Chairman of the National Capital Planning Commission.
 In 2010, Mr. Friedman was appointed by President Barack Obama to the President’s Export Council.
 In May 2013, Mr. Friedman was elected as Director of Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, a global luxury hotel company based in Toronto.
 In June 2014, the Boston Globe reported that Friedman was developing a $700 Million, 60 story Four Seasons Hotel and Private Residencies in Boston's Back Bay.
 The building will be the tallest building to be built in New England in the last 40 years.
Robert Greifeld (born 1957) is an American businessman and is the chairman of Nasdaq, the largest electronic screen-based equity securities market in the United States.
 He served as CEO from 2003-2016 and was succeeded by Adena Friedman.
 Greifeld focused the NASDAQ-OMX mission on being the premier U.S equities market, leveraging NASDAQ-OMX's fundamental market structure advantage.
