Han Myeong-sook (born March 24, 1944; Korean: 한명숙 ] ) was the Prime Minister of South Korea from April 2006 to March 2007.
 She is South Korea's first female prime minister (second female prime minister overall if the acting premiership of Chang Sang is included).
 She was from the United New Democratic Party (UNDP) as a member of the Korean National Assembly (representative) for Ilsan-gab, and is a graduate of Ewha Womans University in Seoul with a degree in French literature.
 She resigned as Prime Minister on March 7, 2007 and declared her presidential candidacy.
 But she did not succeed in the nominations.
 In 2008 she ran for parliament, but was not elected.
 However, in January 2012 she was elected leader of the main oppositional Democratic United Party (DUP) before the April legislative elections and became a member of parliament.
 But the liberals did not manage to defeat the ruling Saenuri Party and Han stepped down as party leader in April 2012.
 In August 2015, Han was convicted of receiving illegal donations at the amount of 900 million KRW, and sentence to two years in prison.
 She is ineligible to run for public office for ten years after her prison term.
 She became the first former prime minister of the Republic of Korea to serve a prison time.
The Nordic Reich Party (Swedish: "Nordiska rikspartiet" , "NRP") was a Neo-Nazi political party in Sweden, founded in 1956 as the National Socialist Combat League of Sweden ("Sveriges nationalsocialistiska kampförbund") by Göran Assar Oredsson.
 Oredsson was also the party leader except for a few years during the 1970s while he wrote his autobiography "Prisat vare allt som gjort mig hårdare" ("Blessed be everything that has made me a harder man").
 During that time, his wife Vera Oredsson took on the role as party leader and became Sweden's first female party leader.
Giuseppina Tuissi, better known as Gianna (also "La Staffetta Gianna") was an Italian communist and partisan during World War II, part of the "52nd Brigata Garibaldi "Luigi Clerici"".
 From September 1944 she was the collaborator of the partisan Luigi Canali (known as the captain "Neri") and, with him, had an important role in the arrest and the execution of Benito Mussolini and Clara Petacci.
A deputy leader (in Scottish English, sometimes depute leader) in the Westminster system is the second-in-command of a political party, behind the party leader.
 Deputy leaders often become deputy prime minister when their parties are elected to government.
 The deputy leader may take on the role of the leader if the current leader is, for some reason, unable to perform their role as leader.
 For example, the deputy leader often takes the place of the party leader at Question Time sessions in their absence.
 They also often have other responsibilities of party management.
A. Sampath (born 13 March 1963) is an Indian Politician and a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India.
 He represents the Attingal constituency of Kerala and is a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)) political party.
 In 2014 was elected as M.P. from Attingal for the third time.
 His victory in the election was a remarkable one in the history.
 M.P. Sampath is married and has a daughter, Aswathy Sampath.
 He is also related to the politician who is the Communist Party Leader and former Mayor of Thiruvananthapuram C. Jayan Babu and also to the National Communist party Leader A.K. Gopalan.
Eliodoro Camacho (1831 – 1899) was a noted Bolivian politician, party leader, and presidential candidate.
 The Eliodoro Camacho Province is named after him.
 Camacho was born in Inquisivi, Department of La Paz, but grew up in Cochabamba.
 He founded the Liberal Party, which espoused freedom of religion, a stricter separation between church and state, legal acceptance of civil marriages and divorce, and strict adherence to democratic procedures.
 Camacho also participated as an officer in the 1879-80 War of the Pacific against Chile, and later played a key role in the 1880 Constitutional Convention.
 Following the establishment of the new post-war order (which he himself authored, along with Conservative Party leader Aniceto Arce), he led the opposition against the Conservatives.
 He ran for president in 1884, 1888, and 1892.
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Uglanov (1886 – 1937) was a Russian Bolshevik politician who played an important role in the government of the Soviet Union as a Communist Party leader in the city of Moscow during the 1920s.
 Uglanov was closely associated with the so-called "Right Deviation" associated with Soviet party leader Nikolai Bukharin and he fell from his leadership position during the mass collectivization campaign of 1929.
 Uglanov was arrested in the summer of 1936 and was executed the following spring during the secret police terror of 1937-38.
Volodýmyr Petróvič Semynóženko (Ukrainian: Володи́мир Петро́вич Семино́женко ) (born June 9, 1950 in Kiev) is a Ukrainian politician and scientist.
 Semynozhenko is a former Vice Premier Minister of Ukraine (in 1999, 2001–2002 and in 2010) and head of the Association of Ukrainian Scientists, he is now a member of the Board of the National Academy of Sciences, and served as the Chair of the Parliament Committee on Sciences and Technology.
 He is also the author of Ukrainian Legislation on Technology Parks.
 Semynozhenko was the party leader of the Party of Regions from late 2001 until early 2003.
 Since March 2009 Semynozhenko is party leader of the party New Politics.
Audrey Marlene McLaughlin, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born November 8, 1936; née Brown) was leader of Canada's New Democratic Party (NDP) from 1989 to 1995.
 She was the first female leader of a political party with representation in the Canadian House of Commons, as well as the first female federal political party leader to represent an electoral district in a Canadian territory.
In politics, a party leader is the most powerful official within a political party.
 The leader speaks to their designated political party, while acting as the party representatives.
 The party leader is typically responsible for managing the party's relationship with the general public.
 As such, he or she will take a leading role in developing and communicating party policy, especially election platforms, to the electorate.
 He or she is also typically the public face of the party and the principal media contact.
