Race the Fray (originally seen as The Fray) were an Australian independent four-piece alternative rock, pop punk band formed in 2003.
 The line-up consisted of Alister "Mac" Murrell on drums; Callum "Cal" Reeves on bass guitar; Nicholas "Astro" Russo on vocals and guitar; and Andrew "Swifty" Swift on guitar.
 In November 2004 they issued their debut self-titled extended play, "The Fray", they followed with a second EP, "This Art Will Play", under Race the Fray, in September 2005.
 In 2007 Karl Russo replaced Swift on guitar and the group disbanded in 2008.
Captain Konstantin Konstantinovich Vakulovsky (born 28 October 1894, died Summer 1918) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.
 A major general's son, he volunteered for aviation duty on 8 August 1914, six days after graduating from university.
 He taught himself to fly, and became one of Russia's first military pilots on 13 June 1915.
 After escaping the fall of the Novogeorgievsk Fortress in a hazardous flight, Vakylovsky flew reconnaissance missions, some through heavy ground fire.
 Given command of the newly formed First Fighter Detachment, he became a flying ace credited with six aerial victories.
 He died in a flying accident during Summer 1918.
The Fray is an American pop rock band from Denver, Colorado.
 Formed in 2002 by schoolmates Isaac Slade and Joe King, they achieved success with the release of their debut album, "How to Save a Life" in 2005, which was certified double platinum by the RIAA and platinum in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the UK.
 The Fray achieved national success with their first single, "Over My Head (Cable Car)", which became a top ten hit in the United States.
 The release of their second single, "How to Save a Life", brought the band worldwide fame.
 The song charted in the top three of the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was a top 5 single in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Italy, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom.
Primary rock is an early term in geology that refers to crystalline rock formed first in geologic time, containing no organic remains, such as granite, gneiss and schist as well as igneous and magmatic formations from all ages.
 Webster's Revised Unabridged Dictionary published in 1913 provides the following term as used in geology:
The West Bengal Legislative Assembly election, 1967 was held in Indian state of West Bengal in 1967 to elect 280 members to the West Bengal Legislative Assembly.
 United Front led by Ajoy Mukherjee won majority of seats in the election, and formed first non-Congress government of the state.
The Japp–Maitland condensation is an organic reaction and a type of Aldol reaction and a tandem reaction.
 In a reaction between the ketone 2-pentanone and the aldehyde benzaldehyde catalyzed by base the bis Aldol adduct is formed first.
 The second step is a ring-closing reaction when one hydroxyl group displaces the other in a nucleophilic substitution forming an oxo-tetrahydropyran.
Harris, Forbes & Co. was an investment banking affiliate of Harris Bank incorporated in 1911.
 Harris, Forbes firm was acquired by Chase Manhattan Bank in 1930 to form Chase Harris, Forbes.
 Just two years later, in 1932, the firm was dissolved after the passage of the Glass–Steagall Act in 1932.
 Chase transferred what remained of its securities business to the Bank of Boston's newly formed First Boston Corporation, buttressing that firm's early municipal bond department.
Goldfinger is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California that formed in 1994.
 The band is widely considered to have been a contributor to the movement of third-wave ska, a mid-1990s revitalization in the popularity of ska.
 However, the releases of "Open Your Eyes" and "Disconnection Notice", have been more commonly placed as punk rock genre.
 Apart from the band's music, Goldfinger is also noted for their political activism, particularly in the area of animal rights.
SV St. Georg Hamburg is a German association football club playing in Hamburg.
 The club was established 3 June 1895 and shares a common origin with "FC Hammonia Hamburg": both sides arose out of the students group Seminarvereinigung Frisch-Auf with "St. Georg" being formed first on the left bank of the Alster River, and "Hammonia" appearing later on the right bank.
 Like their brother side, "St. Georg" was a founding member of the German Football Association (Deutscher Fussball Bund or German Football Association) at Leipzig in 1900.
 However, while "Hammonia" folded after only a short existence, "St. Georg" still plays today.
Liberty Baptist Church is a historic church built about 1858 in Grooverville, Georgia.
 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 20, 2013.
 It is located on Liberty Church Road.
 There is a Georgia Historical Commission historical marker at the site.
 According to the marker: "In 1841 the Ocklochnee anti-Missionary Baptist Association passed a ruling to dismiss members believing in the 'new fangled institutions of the day.'"
 One of the excommunicated sisters joined with others in forming the Liberty Baptist Church.
 The church includes a slave gallery.
 Freed slaves from the area formed First Elizabeth Church in Grooverville.
