Die Hard with a Vengeance is a 1995 American action film and the third in the "Die Hard" film series.
 It was co-produced and directed by John McTiernan (who directed "Die Hard"), written by Jonathan Hensleigh, and stars Bruce Willis as New York City Police Department Lieutenant John McClane, Samuel L. Jackson as McClane's reluctant partner Zeus Carver, and Jeremy Irons as Simon Gruber.
 It was released on May 19, 1995, five years after "Die Hard 2", becoming the highest-grossing film at the worldwide box-office that year, but received mixed reviews.
 It was followed by "Live Free or Die Hard" and "A Good Day to Die Hard" in 2007 and 2013, respectively.
Franz Friedrich Richard Genée (February 7, 1823 – June 15, 1895) was a Prussian born Austrian librettist, playwright, and composer.
 He is most famous for the libretto of "Die Fledermaus", Johann Strauss II's most famous operetta.
 He co-wrote the libretto without having met top-billed librettist Karl Haffner, who constructed the new story based on a play by Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halévy, which was considered too shocking to perform outside Paris.
 Genée, however, wrote the operetta's actual text and drew nothing from Haffner beyond the names of the characters.
Die glückliche Hand ("The Hand of Fate"), Op.
 18, is a "Drama mit Musik" ("drama with music") by Arnold Schoenberg in four scenes.
 It was composed between 1910 and 1913.
 Like "Erwartung", composed a year earlier, it was heavily influenced by Otto Weininger's book "Sex and Character".
 Unlike "Erwartung", Schoenberg wrote the libretto for "Die glückliche Hand" himself.
 The first performance took place in Vienna on 24 October 1924.
 The underlying message of the piece is the idea that man continues to repeatedly make the same mistakes, and the plot is developed from events in Schoenberg’s personal life.
Dionigi joined the Order of Hermits at the Augustinian monastery in Borgo San Sepolcro at an early age.
 The convent had been founded in 1281 and was located in the valley of Spoleto.
 He was sent to study theology at the Sorbonne in Paris and graduated "baccalaureus sententiarius" during the academic year 1317-18.
 About 1324 he obtained a doctorate in theology and was a professor at Borgo San Sorbonne through 1328.
 While in Paris, he practised astrology, and predicted the unexpected death of Castruccio Castracani.
 Giovanni Villani wrote him with the latest news from Italy, deeply concerned about what Castracani and Emperor Louis the Bavarian were about to do; Dionigi wrote back, saying that none of those things would happen, because Castracani was about to die — and he did.
"Reminiscence of Marie A." or "Memory of Marie A." (German: ""Erinnerung an die Marie A."") is a 1920 poem by German poet and playwright Bertold Brecht (1889-1956) that was first published in his collection "Die Hauspostille" (1927).
 Brecht wrote the poem in his notebook on 21 February 1920 on a train to Berlin.
 The poem is a reminiscence of time spent with a former lover and a kiss beneath a plum tree remembered only because of the memory of a passing white cloud.
The Exception and the Rule (in German Die Ausnahme und die Regel) is a short play by German playwright Bertolt Brecht and is one of several "Lehrstücke" (Teaching plays) he wrote around 1929/30.
 The objective of Brecht's Lehrstücke was that they be taken on tour and performed in schools or in factories to educate the masses about socialist politics.
Joan Cooper (November 10, 1931, Berkeley, California – September 20, 2014, Seattle, Washington), known by her pen name, J. California Cooper, was an American playwright and author.
 She wrote 17 plays and was named Black Playwright of the Year in 1978 for her play "Strangers".
The City Heiress is a play by Aphra Behn produced in 1682.
 The play conforms to the general rules of Restoration comedy, but it also keeps Behn's own highly Royalist political point of view.
"Ode to Joy" (German: ""An die Freude"" ] , first line: "Freude, schöner Götterfunken" ) is an ode written in the summer of 1785 by German poet, playwright, and historian Friedrich Schiller and published the following year in "Thalia".
 A slightly revised version appeared in 1808, changing two lines of the first and omitting the last stanza.
The Heiress is a comedy play by the British playwright and soldier John Burgoyne.
 The play debuted at the Drury Lane Theatre on 14 January 1786.
 It concerns the engagement of Lord Gayville to Miss Alscrip, a fashionable woman he believes to be an heiress.
 Gayville later discovers that the woman who really stands to inherit the fortune is his true love Miss Clifford.
 The play was an enormous success, running for 31 performances in its initial season and being revived again the following year.
 The play was initially anonymous, but Burgoyne was soon widely reported to be the author and he acknowledged this after the play's debut.
