Howell is a surname (family name or last name) originating from Wales.
 It is not a particularly common name among those of Welsh ancestry, as it is an Anglicized form of the Welsh name Hywel.
 It originates in a dynasty of kings in Wales and Brittany in the 9th and 10th century, and three Welsh royal houses of that time onwards.
 The Tudor Royal house of England was also descended from them.
 See also:Powell (surname), and Welsh surnames.
Arden Frederick "Freddie" Sessler (26 May 1923 – 18 December 2000) was the brother of London restaurateur and club owner Siegi Sessler, and a long-term intimate of the Rolling Stones, particularly Keith Richards, to whom he supplied drugs.
 A raconteur, Sessler claimed to have met and become friends with a number of important figures in twentieth century music.
 He attributed his manic lifestyle of partying and drug use to being almost the only one of his family to escape extermination by the Nazis during the Second World War.
 Ronnie Wood described Sessler as a "sex-fuelled, vodka charged, coke mountain".
Ruth Elizabeth "Bette" Davis (April 5, 1908 – October 6, 1989) was an American actress with Welsh ancestry of film, television, and theater.
 Regarded as one of the greatest actresses in Hollywood history, she was noted for her willingness to play unsympathetic, sardonic characters and was reputed for her performances in a range of film genres, from contemporary crime melodramas to historical and period films and occasional comedies, although her greatest successes were her roles in romantic dramas.
Welsh Americans are an American ethnic group whose ancestry originates wholly or partly in Wales.
 In the 2008 U.S. Census community survey, an estimated 1.98 million Americans had Welsh ancestry, 0.6% of the total U.S. population.
 This compares with a population of 3 million in Wales.
 However, 3.8% of Americans appear to bear a Welsh surname.
Siegi Sessler (9 September 1910 - 1 April 1969) was a prominent London restaurateur and club owner in the mid-20th century.
He started club life after the Second World War, and opened Siegi's Club in 1950 at 46 Charles Street in London's Mayfair area.
 Siegi's became the first of the Mayfair establishments, later among Claremont Club, Annabel's, Tramp, Harry's Bar and The Colony Club.
 It was well known to be the 'home away from home' for Hollywood stars, such as Frank Sinatra, Humphrey Bogart, Bob Hope, Crosby, Niven, Brando, Monroe, John Wayne, Cary Grant, Bette Davis, Clark Gable, Doris Day, Joan Crawford, Ingrid Bergman and Elizabeth Taylor.
 It was described as "a sort of Madame Tussauds for live people... a safe haven for the friendless and a place impossible to leave, without a pocketful of introductions, for all four corners of the globe.
 You may not have wanted to lunch with Brando in LA, or safari with William Holden, at his Mt. Kenya Safari Club, however once out of the door, you were committed and often compelled to be their house guests, although a stranger...and you may have only popped in for a night cap before bed!"
 by columnist Marjorie Proops.
Elaine Edna Kaufman (February 10, 1929 – December 3, 2010) was a restaurateur whose Manhattan restaurant, Elaine's, attracted a following among prominent actors, writers, and other celebrities.
Joel Renaldo (born about 1870 in New York City) was a restaurateur whose two story Bohemian restaurant, Joel Renaldo's Café, at 206 West 41st Street near Times Square in New York City was a Manhattan institution before and after the First World War.
 Max Weber's, oil painting, "Joel's Cafe," done in 1909 or 1910, portrays the bar.
 In 1910 he self-published his theory of evolution, "polygeneric theory", which hypothesized that each species was independently created when its time had come.
 In 1921, following raids on his establishment, "Psychoanalysis of the "Reformer" A Further Contribution to the Sexual Theory" which purported to demonstrate that the passion for reform of their neighbors by those who favored prohibition was a neurosis akin to a passion for "rape" or "eating caviar" was published.
Price is a patronymic name derived from the Welsh "ap Rhys" meaning "son of Rhys".
 The given name Rhys means "enthusiasm" in Welsh.
 It is a common surname among those of Welsh ancestry.
 At the time of the British Census of 1881, its frequency was highest in Radnorshire (38.2 times the British average), followed by Brecknockshire, Herefordshire, Monmouthshire, Flintshire, Shropshire, Denbighshire, Glamorgan, Carmarthenshire and Worcestershire.
 The surname has many other spellings including Priess, Priesz, and many others.
Powell is a surname of Welsh origin.
 It is a patronymic form of the Welsh name hywel (later anglicized as Howell), and the prefix "ap" meaning "son of", together forming ap Hywel, or "son of Hywel".
 It is an uncommon name among those of Welsh ancestry.
 It originates in a dynasty of kings in Wales, and Brittany in the 9th and 10th century, and three Welsh royal houses of that time onwards.
 The House of Tudor one of the Royal houses of England, also descended from them.
 See also: Howell (surname), and Welsh surnames.
The British Chileans are people of British ancestry, in full or in part, who reside in Chile.
 The British have been very important in the formation of the Chilean nation.
 They include Chileans of English, Scottish and Welsh ancestry.
 The numbers of Scottish and Welsh are higher in Patagonia, in Aysen and Magallanes regions.
 The highest percentage of British Chileans is found in Punta Arenas, followed by Santiago, Valparaiso, Concepcion, Viña del Mar and Antofagasta.
