2nd Siege Artillery Battery was formed in Victoria during April 1915.
 The battery departed Melbourne on 17 July 1915 and served on the Western Front during World War I.
 The battery along with the 1st Siege Artillery Battery made up the 1st Siege Artillery Brigade.
 2nd Siege Artillery Battery was renamed the 55th Siege Artillery Battery on 28 September 1915.
 The battery was equipped first with four BL 9.2 inch Howitzers and then 6 from July 1917.
 In March 1918 the battery was assigned to the Australian Corps Heavy Artillery and resumed its original title.
1st Heavy Artillery Battery was an Australian artillery unit during World War I.
 Formed at Gallipoli on 14 July 1915 the battery formed part of the 1st Division artillery.
 The battery was originally equipped with 2 old 6 inch 30 cwt howitzers and one even older 4.7 inch naval gun.
 The battery was disbanded in Egypt during February 1916 to provide personnel for howitzer batteries.
The 1st Arkansas Infantry (1861–1865) was a Confederate Army infantry regiment during the American Civil War.
 The regiment was raised in April 1861 by Colonel Thompson B. Flournoy.
 It moved first to Virginia, but transferred back to Tennessee and served the rest of the war in the western theater, seeing action in the Kentucky, Tennessee and Georgia campaigns.
 Following its depletion in numbers, the regiment was consolidated several times with other Arkansas regiments, finally merging in 1865 into the 1st Arkansas Consolidated Infantry Regiment.
 There were three regiments known as "1st Arkansas" during the war.
 The second unit with the designation of "1st Arkansas" was the 1st Infantry, Arkansas State Troops, which was mustered into Confederate service at Pitman's Ferry, Arkansas, on 23 July 1861, under the command of Colonel Patrick Cleburne; this unit was eventually redesignated as the 15th Arkansas Volunteer Infantry.
 The third unit bearing the title "1st Arkansas" was the 1st Arkansas Volunteer Infantry, which served with the Union Army.
The 1st Arkansas Light Artillery, originally known as the Fort Smith Artillery (1861), was a Confederate artillery battery that served during the American Civil War.
 The unit was actually a pre-war volunteer militia company which was activated as part of the Arkansas State Troops and mustered out of state service following the Battle of Wilson's Creek.
 The unit immediately re-organized and re-enlisted for Confederate service.
 The unit spent the majority of the war in the western theater, fighting as part of the Confederate Army of Tennessee.
 The unit is also known as Reid's Battery, Provence's Battery, Humphreys' Battery and finally
1st Siege Artillery Battery was formed in Victoria during April 1915.
 The battery departed Melbourne on 17 July 1915 and served on the Western Front during World War I.
 The battery along with the 2nd Siege Artillery Battery made up the 1st Siege Artillery Brigade.
 1st Siege Artillery Battery was renamed the 54th Siege Artillery Battery on 28 September 1915.
 The battery was equipped first with four 8 inch howitzers and then 6 from July 1917.
 In March 1918 the battery was assigned to the Australian Corps Heavy Artillery and resumed its original title.
The Royal Regiment of Australian Artillery, normally referred to as the Royal Australian Artillery (RAA), is a Regiment of the Australian Army descended from the original colonial artillery units prior to Australia's federation.
 Australia’s first guns were landed from HMS "Sirius" and a small earthen redoubt built, near the present day Macquarie Place, to command the approaches to Sydney Cove.
 The deployment of these guns represents the origins of artillery in Australia.
 These and subsequent defences, as well as field guns, were operated by marines and the soldiers of infantry regiments stationed in Australia.
 The first Royal Artillery unit arrived in Australia in 1856 and began a succession of gunner units which ended with the withdrawal of the imperial forces in 1870 resulting in the raising of the Victorian Artillery Corps in Melbourne in 1870 and the New South Wales Artillery in Sydney in 1871.
 The First World War saw the raising of 60 field, 20 howitzer and two siege batteries along with the heavy and medium trench mortar batteries.
 Until 19 September 1962 the Australian Artillery was referred to as the 'Royal Australian Artillery', however on this date HM Queen Elizabeth II granted the RAA the title of 'The Royal Regiment of Australian Artillery'.
 The Regiment today consists of Regular and Reserve units.
The 1st Alabama Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment recruited from Southern Unionists that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
 It was the only predominantly-white Union regiment from Alabama.
 Of the 2,678 white Alabamians who enlisted in the Union Army, 2,066 served in the 1st Alabama Cavalry.
Turku Coastal Regiment (Finnish: Turun Rannikkorykmentti ) was a Finnish coastal artillery unit operating in the Turku area and Archipelago Sea.
 It was formed on 10.9.1939 as Turku Sector ("Turun Lohko") as part of the neutrality guard and later Winter War coastal sector system from a peace time "1st Independent Coastal Artillery Battalion" ("1.
 Erillinen Rannikkotykistöpatteristo").
 Turku Coastal Regiment was disbanded as an independent unit on 30.6.1998 and became part of the newly formed Archipelago Sea Naval Command as "Turku Coastal Artillery Battalion" ("Turun Rannikkopatteristo").
The 1st Regiment Alabama Siege Artillery (African Descent) was an artillery regiment recruited from African-Americans that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
 The regiment was renamed the 6th US Colored Heavy Artillery.
 Under the leadership of Major Lionel Booth, the 6th US Colored Heavy Artillery fought at the Battle of Fort Pillow on April 12, 1864.
 The regiment had a strength of 8 Officers and 213 men.
The Warwickshire Royal Horse Artillery was a Territorial Force Royal Horse Artillery battery that was formed in Warwickshire in 1908.
 It was the first Territorial Force artillery unit to go overseas on active service, spending the whole of the First World War on the Western Front, mostly with 1st Cavalry Division and 29th Division.
 A second line battery, 2/1st Warwickshire RHA, also served on the Western Front in 1917 and 1918 as part of an Army Field Artillery Brigade.
 Post-war it was reconstituted as a Royal Field Artillery battery.
