The first season of The Amazing Race Canada was a reality game show based on the American series "The Amazing Race".
 It featured nine teams of two with pre-existing relationships who raced around Canada for CA$ , two Chevrolet Corvette Stingrays and an unlimited air travel for a year with Air Canada.
 The show was produced by Insight Productions, in association with Bell Media and was broadcast on CTV.
 The show was hosted by Canadian Olympian Jon Montgomery.
The Amazing Race 18 (also known as The Amazing Race: Unfinished Business) is the eighteenth installment of the reality television show "The Amazing Race".
 "The Amazing Race 18" featured eleven teams of two – each returning from a previous edition for the first time since Season 11 – in a race around the world for a $1 million prize.
The fifth season of The Amazing Race Canada is a reality game show based on the American series "The Amazing Race".
 It features teams of two, each with a pre-existing relationship.
 The grand prize includes: a CA$ cash payout, a "once-in-a-lifetime" trip for two around the world, and a 2018 Chevrolet Equinox "True North Edition" for each.
 For the fifth year in a row, Jon Montgomery returned as the host.
The Amazing Race Canada is a reality television competition series that features teams in a grueling race across Canada and the world.
 The Race is divided into a series of legs and on each leg; teams strive to reach the Pit Stop where they are greeted by the host, Jon Montgomery.
 During each leg teams receive destination clues and challenges to complete in order to move onto the next task.
 The first team to cross the finish line wins $500,000 in cash and prizes.
 This prize is the largest grand prize ever awarded for a Canadian competition series.
 Commissioned by CTV, "The Amazing Race Canada" is produced by Insight Productions in association with Bell Media and with the support of Profiles Television.
The third season of The Amazing Race Canada is a reality game show based on the American series "The Amazing Race".
 It features twelve teams of two, each with a pre-existing relationship.
 The grand prize includes: a CA$ cash payout, “gas for life” from Petro-Canada, the opportunity to fly for a year anywhere Air Canada flies worldwide in Business Class, and two Chevrolet Colorado "Z71" Trucks.
 For the third year in a row, Jon Montgomery returned as the host.
This is a list of contestants who have appeared on "The Amazing Race Canada", a Canadian reality game show based on the American series, "The Amazing Race".
 A total of 104 contestants have appeared in the series.
The Amazing Race 1 () is a Chinese reality television series loosely based on the American reality TV series, "The Amazing Race".
 It is the first season of The Amazing Race ().
 It features eight teams of two in a race around the world.
 This is the second version of "The Amazing Race" to be produced in China, following "".
 This new version is broadcast on Shenzhen TV, and had its premiere on October 17, 2014.
 The hosts for the show are Hong Kong actor Andy On and Singapore based Chinese-American actor Allan Wu, who was also the host of "The Amazing Race Asia" and "The Amazing Race: China Rush".
The Amazing Race en Discovery Channel (English: The Amazing Race on Discovery Channel ; Portuguese: "The Amazing Race no Discovery Channel" ) is a Latin American reality television game show based on the American series, "The Amazing Race".
 The first season of the show featured eleven teams of two with a pre-existing relationship, in a race across Latin America to win US$250,000.
 The race was produced by RGB Entertainment.
 The host of the show is Harris Whitbeck.
The second season of The Amazing Race Canada was a reality game show based on the American series "The Amazing Race".
 It featured eleven teams of two, each with a pre-existing relationship in a race across Canada and around the world.
 The winning team was awarded CA$ , two Chevrolet Silverado "High Country Edition" trucks, free gasoline for life from Petro-Canada and the ability to fly for free anywhere for a year with Air Canada in business class.
 Jon Montgomery returned as the host.
The fourth season of The Amazing Race Canada is a reality game show based on the American series "The Amazing Race".
 It features 10 teams of two, each with a pre-existing relationship.
 The grand prize includes: a CA$ cash payout, a "once-in-a-lifetime" trip for two around the world with hotel accommodations provided by new sponsor Hotels.com, and the winning team's choice of any Chevrolet vehicle driven during the race.
 For the fourth year in a row, Jon Montgomery returned as the host.
