Orlov let ("Eagle's Flight") was the name of an anti-terrorist operation conducted by the Montenegrin police to arrest a group of Albanians who planned terrorist attacks and an armed conflict in Albanian-inhabited parts of Montenegro.
 The group of 17 people planned operations from 2004 to their arrest on the night of 10/11 September 2006.
 Weapons and explosive material were found in police raids.
 The group's main operative was the destroying of cultural and religious buildings (Orthodox) in Albanian-inhabited territory.
 The group was organised by an Albanian association based in Detroit, and members of the Kosovo Liberation Army, from which they received financial aid and smuggled arms into Montenegro.
 The group was given a total sentence of 51 years of prison.
 Relations between the state and the Albanian minority strained after the event.
Albanians in Montenegro (, Albanian: "Shqiptarët e Malit të Zi" ) constitute 4.91% of the county's total population.
 Albanians of Montenegro are Ghegs who mainly live in southeastern and eastern Montenegro, mainly in the following municipalities: Ulcinj (71% of population), Plav (19%), Bar (6%), Podgorica (5%) and Rožaje (5%).
The Ghegs or Gegs (Albanian: "Gegët" ) are one of two major ethnic subgroups of Albanians (the other being the Tosks) differentiated by their cultural, linguistic, social and religious characteristics.
 The Ghegs live in Albania (north of the Shkumbin river), Kosovo, Macedonia and Montenegro.
 The name Gheg is derived from the term initially used by Orthodox population of pre-Ottoman Albania for confessional denotation when referring to their Catholic neighbors who converted to Catholicism to better resist the Orthodox Serbs.
 The Ghegs speak Gheg Albanian, one of the two main dialects of Albanian language.
 The social organization of the Ghegs was traditionally tribal, with several distinct tribal groups of Ghegs.
Darza (Albanian: "Darzë" , Montenegrin and ) is a village in the Ulcinj Municipality, southeastern Montenegro.
 It is a multi-ethnic settlement, inhabited by Montenegrins, Serbs and Albanians.
 According to the 2003 census, the total population was 119.
European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages entered into force in Montenegro in June 2006, following the independence of Montenegro from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro on 3 June 2006.
 Constitution of Montenegro from 2007 states that Montenegrin language is official language of country, while Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian and Albanian are languages in official use.
 The Constitution states that languages in official use are those of groups that form at least 1% of the population of Montenegro, as per 2003 population census.
 The Law on National Minorities specifies that the percentage of members of national minorities in total population of the local government should be 15% in order for their language and script to be introduced in official use.
 Media whose founder is Montenegro government are obliged to broadcast news, cultural, educational, sports and entertainment programs in minority languages.
 Minorities and their members have the right to education in their language in regular and vocational education.
The Kingdom of Serbia was one of the main parties in the Balkan Wars (8 October 1912 – 18 July 1913), victorious in both phases.
 It gained significant territorial areas of the Central Balkans and almost doubled its territory.
 During the First Balkan War, most of the Kosovo Vilayet was taken by Serbia, while the region of Metohija was taken by the Kingdom of Montenegro, its main allies.
 Over the centuries, populations of ethnic Serbs and Albanians tended to shift following territorial handovers.
 As a result of the multi-ethnic composition of Kosovo, the new administration provoked a mixed response from the local population.
 Whilst according to Noel Malcolm the Albanians did not welcome Serbian rule, the non-Albanian population in the Kosovo Vilayet (predominantly Serbs) considered this a liberation.
 Kosovo Vilayet was internationally recognised as a part of Serbia and northern Metohija as a part of Montenegro at the Treaty of London in May 1913.
 In 1918, Serbia transformed into the newly Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, later named Yugoslavia.
 Disagreements regarding the territory of Macedonia among the members of the Balkan League led to the Second Balkan War.
 Here, Serbia and Greece fought against Bulgaria in 1913.
 Finalisations concerning which country took which parts were ratified at the Treaty of Bucharest the same year.
 Serbia came to control the land which became known as "Vardar Macedonia", which today stands independent as the Republic of Macedonia.
Albania ( , ; Albanian: "Shqipëri/Shqipëria" ; Gheg Albanian: "Shqipni/Shqipnia or Shqypni/Shqypnia" ), officially the Republic of Albania (Albanian: "Republika e Shqipërisë" , ] ), is a country in Southern and Southeastern Europe.
 The country spans 28,748 km2 and had a total population of almost 3 million people as of 2016 .
 Albania is located in the southwestern part of the Balkan Peninsula, bordered by Montenegro to the northwest, Kosovo to the northeast, the Republic of Macedonia to the east, and Greece to the south and southeast.
 The country has a coastline on the northern shore of the Mediterranean Sea, the Adriatic Sea to the west and the Ionian Sea to the southwest, forming the Albanian Riviera.
 Albania is less than 72 km from Italy, across the Strait of Otranto which connects the Adriatic Sea to the Ionian Sea.
 Albania is a unitary parliamentary constitutional republic with the capital in Tirana, the country's largest city and main economic and commercial centre, followed by Durrës.
 The country's other major cities include Vlorë, Sarandë, Shkodër, Berat, Korçë, Gjirokastër and Fier.
Albanians (Albanian: "Shqiptarët" ) are a nation and ethnic group, native to Albania, Kosovo and other countries who share a common culture, ancestry and speak the Albanian language as a native tongue.
 Legally, the term is used to refer to the citizens of the Republic of Albania.
 Ethnic Albanians speak the Albanian language and more than half of ethnic Albanians live in Albania and Kosovo.
 A large Albanian population lives in Greece, Italy, the Republic of Macedonia, with smaller Albanian populations located in Serbia and Montenegro.
Albanians are the largest ethnic minority in the Republic of Macedonia.
 Of the 2,022,547 citizens of Macedonia, 509,083, or 25.2%, are Albanian according to the latest national census in 2002.
 The Albanian minority lives mostly in the north-western part of the country.
 The largest Albanian communities are in the municipalities of Tetovo (70.3% of the total population), Gostivar (66.7%), Debar (58.1%), Struga (56.8%), Kičevo (54.5%), Kumanovo (25.8%) and Skopje (20.4%).
The Prizren District (Albanian: "Rajoni i Prizrenit" ; Serbian: Призренски округ , "Prizrenski okrug") is one of the seven districts of Kosovo.
 Its seat is in the city of Prizren.
 According to the 2011 Census, it has a population of 331,670 and an area of 2,024 square km (around 20% of the total area of Kosovo).
 Albanians form the majority of the district (85-90%).
 However, the district of Prizren is home to the biggest Bosniak and Turkish population in Kosovo, who make around 10% of the district's total population.
