The Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists, in the United States and internationally.
 The award is given to a producer whose recordings released during the eligibility period represent extraordinary creativity in the area of record production.
 Six individual songs, or 51% of the duration of an album, are the minimum for a producer to be eligible.
 Two or more producers can participate as a team only if they have worked together during the period of eligibility.
Fred Hersch (born October 21, 1955) is an American jazz pianist and educator.
 He has performed solo and led his own groups, including the Pocket Orchestra consisting of piano, trumpet, voice, and percussion.
 He was the first person to play weeklong engagements as a solo pianist at the Village Vanguard in New York City.
 He has recorded more than 70 of his jazz compositions.
 Hersch has been nominated for several Grammy Awards, and, as of December 2014, had been on the Jazz Studies faculty of the New England Conservatory since 1980 (with breaks).
Stepanakert Airport (Armenian: Ստեփանակերտի Օդանավակայան ), is an airport in Khojaly, near Stepanakert, the capital city of the "de facto" independent Republic of Artsakh (NKR) which is an internationally recognized part of Azerbaijan.
 The airport has been under the control of the Republic of Artsakh since 1992.
 Flights ceased to take place with the escalation of the Nagorno-Karabakh War in 1990.
 As the airport lies within the internationally recognized borders of Azerbaijan, and the current government is unrecognized, there are no codes for the airport in the official IATA list.
Iromeio "Romeo" Nelson (March 12, 1902 – May 17, 1974) was an American boogie woogie pianist whose recordings from 1929 are regarded as some of the finest, and certainly the fastest, boogie woogie showpieces on record.
Anna Graceman is a young American singer-songwriter and pianist whose self-penned songs and music have gained attention at home and abroad.
 Her style of music incorporates elements of folk, soul and rock.
 As of 2016 she had written and performed over 70 of her own published songs; writing as well as producing her releases.
 Anna continues to divide her time between her solo projects and her new project - the ‘Graceman’ Band - a trio that includes Allie Graceman (Rhythm/Lead Guitar) and Landon Graceman (Drums).
Tony Russell "Charles" Brown (September 13, 1922 – January 21, 1999) was an American blues singer and pianist whose soft-toned, slow-paced blues-club style influenced blues performance in the 1940s and 1950s.
 He had several hit recordings, including "Driftin' Blues" and "Merry Christmas Baby".
David M. Arden (born September 6, 1949) is an American concert pianist whose performing and recording career has focused predominantly on contemporary and American classical repertoire, including premiere performances and first recordings of piano works by a number of notable contemporary composers, such as Henryk Górecki, Luciano Berio, Earle Brown, Carson Kievman and David Lang.
 The Russian composer Galina Ustvolskaya named Arden's recording of her 12 Preludes for Piano as her preferred recording of that work.
Nadezhda Dukstulskaite [alternative spelling Nadežda Dukstulskaitė; surname also written Dukshtulsky or Dukstulsky] (5 March 1912 – 2 October 1978) was a pianist whose concerts and recordings promoted international awareness of Lithuanian composers, and who influenced several generations of Lithuanian pianists, singers and other musicians.
 She was one of the few survivors of the Kovno Ghetto.
Vladimir Davidovich Ashkenazy (Russian: Влади́мир Дави́дович Ашкена́зи , "Vladimir Davidovich Ashkenazi"; born 6 July 1937) is an internationally recognized solo pianist, chamber music performer, and conductor.
 He is originally from Russia and has held Icelandic citizenship since 1972.
 He has lived in Switzerland since 1978.
 Ashkenazy has collaborated with well-known orchestras and soloists.
 In addition, he has recorded a large storehouse of classical and romantic works.
 His recordings have earned him five Grammy awards plus Iceland's Order of the Falcon.
Cecil Gant (April 4, 1913 – February 4, 1951) was an American blues singer, songwriter and pianist, whose recordings of both ballads and "fiery piano rockers" were successful in the mid- and late 1940s, and influenced the early development of rock and roll.
 His biggest hit was the 1944 ballad, "I Wonder".
