The 2007 New England Patriots videotaping controversy, widely dubbed "Spygate", refers to an incident during the National Football League's (NFL) 2007 season when the New England Patriots were disciplined by the league for videotaping New York Jets' defensive coaches' signals from an unauthorized location during a September 9, 2007 game.
 Videotaping opposing coaches is not illegal in the NFL de jure, but there are designated areas allowed by the league to do such taping.
 Because the Patriots were instead videotaping the Jets' coaches from their own sideline during the game, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell deemed it to be in violation of league rules, stating that the act represented a calculated and deliberate attempt to avoid long-standing rules designed to encourage fair play and promote honest competition on the playing field.
 After an investigation, the NFL fined Patriots head coach Bill Belichick $500,000 (the maximum allowed by the league and the largest fine ever imposed on a coach in the league's 87-year history) for his role in the incident, fined the Patriots $250,000, and docked the team their original first-round selection in the 2008 NFL Draft which would have been the 31st pick of the draft.
 The fine garnered significant media attention for being the "maximum amount" an individual could be fined.
The 1971 New England Patriots season was the team's twelfth, and second in the National Football League.
 The 1971 season was the first that the team played as the New England Patriots, changing their name from the Boston Patriots, briefly to the Bay State Patriots before changing it again to the New England Patriots, in an effort to regionalize the franchise's equal distance from Boston and Providence.
The New England Patriots Cheerleaders are the official cheerleading squad of the NFL's New England Patriots.
 The Patriots Cheerleaders perform various dance stunts at Gillette Stadium.
 The squad was formed in 1977.
 The squad currently (as of the 2016 New England Patriots season) has 33 members.
 The squad also makes appearances off the field with Patriots mascot Pat Patriot.
 The group also has a "Junior Patriots Cheerleaders", with girls of ages 7–17 being allowed to join, with a fee of $425.00 per participant.
 The squad also releases a swimsuit calendar yearly.
 The Patriots Cheerleaders' auditions take place at Gillette Stadium.
 In 2008, the squad went to China to train Chinese dancers for the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The New England Patriots Radio Network is a CBS Radio network which carries live game broadcasts of the New England Patriots.
 The network's flagship station is WBZ-FM/98.5, located in Boston, Massachusetts.
 Gil Santos, former WBZ sports reporter who was known as the "Voice of the New England Patriots" retired after the 2012 season (during the Patriots' December win over the Dolphins that season part of Santos' radio call was simulcast by CBS television in recognition of his time with the team) and was replaced by Bob Socci, who now does the play-by-play with former Patriots quarterback Scott Zolak providing the color commentary and former Patriots linebacker Matt Chatham and WBZ-TV/WSBK-TV sports reporter Steve Burton providing the sideline reports.
 Marc Bertrand and "Boston Globe" sports columnist Chris Gasper host the pregame (when one of them is unavailable Greg Dickerson fills in), and the postgame show is hosted by Bertrand and former Patriot Steve DeOssie.
 Former hosts of the network's pre- and postgame show include Gary Tanguay, Andy Gresh, Bill Abbate, Mike Ruth, Tim Fox, and Pete Brock.
 Albert Breer is a regular guest analyst on the network's pre-game show.
This is a list of New England Patriots/Boston Patriots players who appeared on the active roster during the regular season.
 The history of New England Patriots began in 1960, with the formation of the American Football League.
 Then known as the Boston Patriots, the team's first draft pick was Ron Burton.
 They have had five members inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
 22 players are members of the New England Patriots Hall of Fame, and seven of those have had their numbers retired.
Link is a NFL Cheerleader for the New England Patriots.
 She was born and raised in Terryville, Connecticut and attended Endicott College in Beverly, Massachusetts where she graduated with a degree in Communications.
 Link won the title of Miss Connecticut's Outstanding Teen in 2007 and went on to compete in Miss America's Outstanding Teen pageant.
 Her competition talent was a Spanish-influenced tap dance.
 Shortly after returning from the national pageant, Link was a passenger in a head-on collision and suffered a broken spine.
 After emergency surgery and rehabilitation, Link began dancing again.
 In 2014, Link was chosen to join the New England Patriots Cheerleaders and cheered at Super Bowl XLIX where the New England Patriots defeated the Seattle Seahawks.
 Link became captain of the Patriots Cheerleaders in 2016 and cheered at her second Super Bowl (Super Bowl LI), where the New England Patriots defeated the Atlanta Falcons.
Dean Patrick Caliguire (born March 2, 1967) is a former American football offensive lineman who played one season in the National Football League (NFL) with the Pittsburgh Steelers and San Francisco 49ers.
 He was drafted by the 49ers in the fourth round of the 1990 NFL Draft.
 He played college football at the University of Pittsburgh and attended Montour High School in McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania.
 Caliguire was also a member of the New England Patriots.
The New England Patriots are an American football team based in Foxborough, Massachusetts.
 They compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's American Football Conference (AFC) East division.
 Originally called the Boston Patriots, the team was founded as one of eight charter members of the American Football League (AFL) in 1960 under the ownership of Billy Sullivan.
 The team became part of the NFL when the two leagues merged in 1970.
 The following year, they moved from Boston to nearby Foxborough, and changed their name to the New England Patriots.
Dion John Lewis (born September 27, 1990) is an American football running back for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the fifth round of the 2011 NFL Draft.
 With the Patriots, he won Super Bowl LI over the Atlanta Falcons.
 He played college football at the University of Pittsburgh.
 Lewis has also played for the Cleveland Browns and Indianapolis Colts.
 His Patriots teammate, receiver Julian Edelman, has nicknamed Lewis both "Jitterbug" and "Little Dirty".
 Lewis had not played for two seasons before signing with the Patriots in 2015, and was a significant contributor to the New England offense before a season-ending knee injury in Week 9 put him out of the line-up.
 Two reconstructive surgeries on his damaged knee kept him sidelined until part way through the 2016 season, his return on November 12, 2016 made a direct impact; his career-defining performance coming in the Patriots over the Houston Texans, where Lewis had 188 all-purpose yards and became the first player in NFL history to score a touchdown on a rush, a reception, and a kick return during the same playoff game.
 Notably, as of the end of the 2016-2017 season, Lewis has never played in a game which the Patriots have subsequently lost.
Tajuan E. "Ty" Law (born February 10, 1974) is a former American football cornerback who played fifteen seasons in the National Football League (NFL).
 He played college football at the University of Michigan.
 He was drafted by the New England Patriots 23rd overall in the 1995 NFL Draft.
 Law is a two-time All-Pro, a five-time Pro Bowl selection, a Pro Bowl MVP, and has won three Super Bowls with the Patriots.
 His 53 career interceptions rank 22nd all-time in NFL history.
 He is also widely regarded as one of the best Patriots defensive backs of all time.
 Law was added to the New England Patriots Hall of Fame as the 20th member.
