The Nasty Bits: Collected Varietal Cuts, Usable Trim, Scraps, and Bones, is a largely nonfiction "New York Times" bestselling book by Anthony Bourdain, published in 2006.
 The book is a collection of 37 exotic, provocative, and humorous anecdotes and essays, many of them centered around food, followed by a 30-page fiction piece ("A Chef's Christmas").
 The book concludes with an appendix of commentaries on the various pieces, including when and why they were written.
Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan is a "New York Times" bestselling book by Greg Mortenson published by Viking in 2009.
 The book is the sequel to the bestselling book "Three Cups of Tea" and tells the story of Mortenson's humanitarian efforts to build schools in Pakistan and Afghanistan with his non-profit charity organization, Central Asia Institute (CAI).
 CAI reports that as of 2010, it has overseen the building over 171 schools in the two countries.
 These schools reportedly provide education to over 64,000 children, including 54,000 girls, where few education opportunities existed before in the remote regions of Pakistan and Afghanistan.
G-Unit Books is an American book publishing imprint started by rapper 50 Cent on January 4, 2007.
 He launched his G-Unit Books imprint at the Time Warner Building in New York.
 He also co-wrote "The Ski Mask Way", a novel about a small-time drug dealer who attempts to rob his employers.
 50 Cent also said he was reading "The 33 Strategies of War" by Robert Greene and is currently working with the author on a book titled "The 50th Law", an urban take on "The 48 Laws of Power".
The 50th Law is a "New York Times" bestselling book on strategy and fearlessness written collaboratively by rapper 50 Cent and author Robert Greene.
 The book is a semi-autobiographical account detailing 50 Cent's rise as both a young urban hustler and as an up-and-coming musician with lessons and anecdotes from historical figures such as Abraham Lincoln, Sun Tzu, Socrates, Napoleon, Malcolm X, and James Baldwin.
50 Cent: The Money and the Power is an American reality television series which premiered November 6, 2008 on MTV.
 The show was hosted by 50 Cent and follows the same mold as "The Apprentice".
 It was meant to serve as a "visual companion" to 50 Cent's book "The 50th Law", which he co-wrote with Robert Greene, author of "The 48 Laws of Power".
 The show was cancelled after one season.
Bianca Bosker is an American journalist and author whose "New York Times" bestselling book "Cork Dork" has been reviewed by "The New York Times" and "Publishers Weekly".
Sharon Moalem is a Canadian physician, scientist, and bestselling author.
 Dr. Moalem is an expert in the fields of rare diseases, neurogenetics, and biotechnology.
 He is the author of the "New York Times" bestselling book "Survival of the Sickest," as well as "How Sex Works" and "Inheritance."
 Moalem has cofounded two biotechnology companies and is the recipient of 19 patents for his inventions in biotechnology and human health.
Trust Me, I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator is the bestselling book by the marketer, public relations director, and media strategist Ryan Holiday.
 The book chronicles Holiday's time working as a media strategist for such clients as New York Times Bestselling authors Tucker Max and Robert Greene as well as American Apparel founder Dov Charney.
Andrew Ross Sorkin (born February 19, 1977) is an American journalist and author.
 He is a financial columnist for "The New York Times" and a co-anchor of CNBC's "Squawk Box."
 He is also the founder and editor of DealBook, a financial news service published by "The New York Times".
 He wrote the bestselling book "Too Big to Fail" and co-produced a movie adaptation of the book for HBO Films.
 He is also the co-creator for the Showtime series "Billions".
Socrates ( ; Greek: Σωκράτης , "Sōkrátēs"; 470/469 – 399 BC) was a classical Greek (Athenian) philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy.
 He is an enigmatic figure known chiefly through the accounts of classical writers, especially the writings of his students Plato and Xenophon and the plays of his contemporary Aristophanes.
 Plato's dialogues are among the most comprehensive accounts of Socrates to survive from antiquity, though it is unclear the degree to which Socrates himself is "hidden behind his 'best disciple', Plato".
