Darwin Airline SA is a Swiss regional airline with its head office in Bioggio, Lugano flying under the brand name Adria Airways Switzerland.
 It has been operating scheduled domestic and international services throughout some western European countries using the brand name Etihad Regional from January 2014 until July 2017 when it was sold from Etihad Airways to Adria Airways as well as formerly also on behalf of Alitalia.
 Its bases are Geneva Airport and Lugano Airport.
When People Grow, People Go is the fourth studio album by American hardcore punk band Blacklisted.
 The album was released on February 10, 2015 through Deathwish Inc. "When People Grow, People Go" is the first release from Blacklisted since 2012's "So, You Are A Magician?"
 EP, and first full-length studio album since 2009's "No One Deserves to Be Here More Than Me".
 Writing for the album began in late 2013 and sonically is described as being a mix of the band's more experimental styles and hardcore styles.
 In December 2014, Blacklisted previewed the track "Deeper Kind" for online streaming followed by a stream of "Burnt Palms" and a music video for "Turn in the Pike" both in January 2015.
Tong Shui Road Public Pier () is a public pier in Tong Shui Road (), North Point, Hong Kong.
 It is located below Island Eastern Corridor near former North Point Estate and North Point Ferry Pier.
 It is usually used by government ships and boats.
 Many people go fishing in there.
 It is maintained by Civil Engineering and Development Department of the Hong Kong SAR Government.
Garjiya Devi Temple is a noted Devi temple located in the Garjiya village near Ramnagar, Uttarakhand, India, on the outskirts of the Corbett National Park.
 It is a sacred Shakti shrine where Garjiya Devi is the presiding deity.
 The temple is situated over a large rock in the Kosi River and is one of the most famous temples of the Nainital district, visited by thousands of devotees during Kartik Poornima, a Hindu holy day celebrated on the fifteenth lunar day of Kartik (November – December) The first Priest was Pt.
 Keshav Dutt Pandey who began worship of Devi Girija.There is also a statue of LakshmiNarayan of 9th Century,That statue made from black granite.Many people go there every day, worship in the temple.
 Many people bath in the Kosi river situated near Garjiya temple.
Saga Station (佐賀駅 , Saga-eki ) is a railway station in Saga City, Saga Prefecture, Japan.
 It is operated by JR Kyushu and is on the Nagasaki Main Line.
 Trains from this station also continue on to the Sasebo and Karatsu Lines.
 About 25,000 people pass through Saga Station every day.
 Particularly, many people go to Fukuoka using the express train and bus services.
Lugano Airport (IATA: LUG, ICAO: LSZA) is a regional airport located 4 km west of the Swiss city of Lugano, approximately 80 km north of Milan, in the municipalities of Agno, Bioggio and Muzzano.
 It lies closer to the village of Agno than to Lugano itself, and is sometimes known as Lugano-Agno.
 Around 200,000 passengers use the airport each year, using some 2,400 flights.
 There are also limited freight operations, a flying club and flight school.
 The headquarters of Darwin Airline are located at the airport.
Kilarasampet is a small village in Vellore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 It is a small satellite town where many people go for work to places like Vellore, Chennai, and Bangalore.
Gokarna Aunsi (Sanskrit: गोकर्ण औसीं ) literally translated as cow eared (Gokarna) and no moon night (Aunsi) and is a late August or early September celebration in Nepal where the Hindu population worships cow eared incarnation of lord Shiva and their fathers.
 It is also known as Kushe Aausi and Bubako mukh herne din (Nepali for "looking at father’s face"), because, apart from giving gifts, sons perform a certain ceremony: sons touch father's feet with their forehead and look at father's eyes, while daughters only have to touch his hand before looking.
 Many people go to the Shiva temple of Gokarneswor Mahadev, in Gokarna, a suburb of Kathmandu, and they bathe and make offerings in the new moon day (Amavasya).
 People whose father has died also perform Shraddha (yearly death rituals).
Bandhore Sharif is a village in Kotli Azad kashmir Near an historical place Tatta Pani, Pakistan.
 There is a mosque there and a darbar called darbar e Aaliyah Bandhore Sharif (Hazrat Peer Sayed Akram Hussain Shah) where many people go to pray.
"That's Where the Happy People Go" is a crossover single by Philadelphia-based disco group The Trammps.
 Released in December 1975, the single hit number one on the disco chart for two weeks in May 1976.
 "That's Where the Happy People Go" also reached number twelve on the soul chart and number twenty-seven on the Hot 100, as well as reaching number thirty-five in the UK.
