Pearle Christian (born 20 March 1955), affectionately known as "Aunty Pearle", is a Dominican music educator, composer, choral music director, and retiered cultural worker, who has been called "one of Dominica's greatest daughters".
 She was a senior officer in the Cultural Division of the Dominican Government for more than three decades, until 2015.
 Much of her work has been devoted to exploring the use of Caribbean folk culture as a source for creative expression.
 She is the niece of L. M. Christian, composer of Dominica's national anthem "Isle of Beauty, Isle of Splendour".
Helmut Christoferus Calabrese (born 1957) is a German-born composer who immigrated to the U.S. in 1962.
 He trained at the Philadelphia College of Performing Arts and at New York University and is one of the founders of the music publishers Calabrese Brothers Music, LLC.
 His song, "The Most Beautiful Lady in the World: Statue of Liberty Anthem", was the subject of two bills in the New Jersey Legislature and the The United States House of Representatives calling on the United States Congress to designate it as the official anthem of the Statue of Liberty.
 It was described by the "Philadelphia Inquirer" as, "The music sounds like a love ballad, but the lyrics are a flag waving salute to America", and was performed at Liberty State Park in July 1986 as part of the Statue of Liberty centennial celebration.
Anna Marly (Russian: Анна Юрьевна Смирнова-Марли ), (30 October 1917 – 15 February 2006), was a Russian-born French singer-songwriter.
 Born into a wealthy Russian noble family, Marly came to France very young, just after her father was killed in the aftermath of the October Revolution.
 She is best remembered as the composer of the "Chant des Partisans", a song that was used as the unofficial anthem of the Free French Forces during World War II; the popularity of the "Chant des Partisans" was such that it was proposed as a new national anthem after the conclusion of the war.
Francisco José Debali (26 July 1791 – 13 January 1859), born Debály Ferenc József, was a Hungarian-born composer who emigrated to Uruguay in 1838.
 He authored the national anthem of Uruguay and, possibly, the tune to "Paraguayos, República o Muerte", which became the Paraguayan anthem.
 (See National Anthem of Uruguay#Music.)
"’Alā Khallidī" (Arabic: ألا خلّدي‎ ‎ ) is the former national anthem of Tunisia.
 It was sung during the Presidency of Habib Bourguiba until his downfall in 1987. "
Humat al-Hima" was temporarily used as a national anthem between the end of the monarchy on 25 July 1957 and the adoption of "Ala Khallidi" as the official national anthem.
 In 1958, the Ministry of Education organized a competition, in which 53 poets and 23 musicians took part.
 The results were examined first by a commission of the Board of Education, which selected the submissions of the hymn poet Jalaleddine Naccache (1910–1989) and the composer and director of the Conservatoire of Tunis Salah El Mahdi (1925-2014).
 The works were presented to the president without announcing the selection that already been made.
 He selected the same version as the commission had.
 In order to be completely sure, another larger popular assembly was held in Monastir, the birth city of the president, and all 23 melodies were played.
 But then, the song by Naccache and El Mahdi won and was formally adopted during Independence Day, 20 March that same year.
Dolores Claman (born 6 July 1927) is a Canadian composer and pianist.
 She is best known for composing the 1968 theme song for CBC's Hockey Night In Canada show, known simply as "The Hockey Theme", a song often regarded as Canada's second national anthem.
 She is also known for"A Place to Stand", the popular tune that accompanied the groundbreaking film of the same name at Montreal's Expo 67 Ontario pavilion.
 Both songs were orchestrated by Jerry Toth who, along with his brother Rudy Toth and composer Richard Morris, all worked together at Quartet Productions from 1965-1970.
 Claman and her writing partner and husband, lyricist Richard Morris, composed over 3000 commercial jingles in a 30-year period and won more than 40 awards internationally for their work.
 In the 1950s, Claman composed music for ITV while living in Britain and also wrote songs for West End musical revues.
Mohammed Flayfel (Arabic: محمد فليفل) was a Lebanese composer and musician.
 Born in 1899 in the Ashrafiyeh neighborhood of Beirut, some of his notable compositions include "Mawtini" (the national anthem of Iraq), "Homat el Diyar" (the national anthem of Syria), the national anthem of the Palestinian National Authority and several other patriotic anthems, occasionally in collaboration with his brother, Ahmad Salim Flayfel.
 Mohammed Flayfel is also credited for discovering the talents of a young Fairuz when she participated in radio talent show and advising her to enroll in the Lebanese Conservatory.
 He died in 1986.
Dionysios Demetis (Greek: Διονύσιος Δεμέτης ) (also Dionisis) is a Greek composer, born in 1979 in Athens.
 He studied piano at the Ethnikon Odion in Athens.
 He is best known for two of his compositions, "Moonlight" and "Abyss".
 He released his first CD of piano compositions in 2000, "The Heart Wreck" on SpinRecords, a California record label.
 In 2006, he released his second CD, "The Mark of Innocence".
 Demetis is also the composer of the anthem of the International Society for Spacetime Physics.
Davorin Jenko, (born Martin Jenko; Dvorje 9 November 1835 – Ljubljana, 25 November 1914) was a Slovene and Serbian composer.
 He is sometimes considered the father of Slovenian national Romantic music.
 Among other songs, he composed the melody for the Serbian national anthem "Bože pravde" ("God of Justice"), the former Slovenian national anthem "Naprej, zastava Slave" ("Forward, Flag of Glory!")
, and the popular Serbian and Montenegrin anthem Onamo, 'namo!
.
Julio García Nakpil (born Julio Nakpil y García; 22 May 1867 – 2 November 1960) was a Filipino musician, composer and a General during the Philippine Revolution against Spain.
 He was a member of the Katipunan, a secret society turned revolutionary government which was formed to overthrow the Spanish government in the Philippines.
 His Katipunan adoptive name was "J. Giliw" or simply "Giliw".
 He was commissioned by Andres Bonifacio, President of the Revolutionary Government, to compose a hymn which was intended to become the National Anthem of the Philippines.
 That hymn was entitled ""Marangal na Dalit ng Katagalugan"".
 Thus, he is mostly remembered as the composer of the first National Anthem of the Philippines.
