Kate Gordon is an American lawyer, urban planner, non-profit advisor, and leader in the “green jobs” and climate risk movement.
 She is currently an independent consultant and Senior Advisor at the Paulson Institute, where she provides strategic support on issues related to climate change and sustainable economic growth.
 She is also a nonresident Fellow at the Center on Global Energy Policy at Columbia University and a regular contributor to the Wall Street Journal as one of the paper’s “Energy Experts.
” She currently serves on the non-profit boards of Vote Solar, Center for Carbon Removal, and the American Jobs Project and writes a regular newsletter on clean energy and climate called "Kate's Cliffnotes"
The Fair and Equitable Tobacco Reform Act is a component of the American Jobs Creation Act, passed in the United States in October 2004.
 The main component of the Fair and Equitable Tobacco Reform Act is the Tobacco Transition Payment Program (TTPP, otherwise known as the "Tobacco Buyout"), which was formalized by the United States Department of Agriculture in February 2005.
The Global Investment in American Jobs Act of 2013 ( ) is a bill that would require the United States Department of Commerce, in cooperation with the Federal Interagency Investment Working Group and other federal agencies, to "conduct a review of the global competitiveness of the United States in attracting foreign direct investment."
 The bill specifies what topics and subject matters are to be included in the report, and which laws or policies are not to be included.
 Finally, the bill also expressed the "sense of Congress" – non-binding statement of opinion - about the current situation of foreign direct investment in the United States and some related American goals.
 The bill was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress.
North American Free Trade Agreement's impact on United States employment has been the object of ongoing debate since the 1994 inception of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico.
 NAFTA's proponents believe that more jobs were ultimately created in the USA.
 Opponents see the agreements as having been costly to well-paying American jobs.
A financial asset securitization investment trust (FASIT) was a type of special purpose entity used for securitization of any debt and issuance of asset-backed securities, defined under section 1621 of the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, and repealed under section 835 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004.
 They were similar to a Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduit (REMIC) but could also securitize non-mortgage debts, such as automobile loans and credit card debt.
The American Jobs Act ( ) (H. Doc.
 112-53) and (H.R. 12) is the informal name for a pair of bills proposed by U.S. President Barack Obama in a nationally televised address to a joint session of Congress on September 8, 2011.
 He characterized the proposal as a collection of non-controversial measures designed to get Americans back to work, and he repeatedly urged Congress to pass it "right away"; he also said that the bills would not add to the national deficit and would be fully paid for.
Enterprise Value Tax was a tax proposal considered by the United States Congress.
 It passed in the US House of Representatives in 2010 as part of "H.R. 4213: American Jobs and Closing Tax Loopholes Act".
 The bill was not passed by the Senate, and hence did not become law.
 Nonetheless the concept of the tax has recurred in succeeding years, most recently as a speculation over Donald Trump's promise to do "something huge".
American Jobs is a 2004 independent film, documentary, written, produced and directed by Greg Spotts.
 The film is about the loss of American jobs to low-wage foreign competition, covering the phenomenon of outsourcing in manufacturing and high-paying white-collar jobs.
 The filmmaker visited 19 cities and towns throughout the United States interviewing recently laid-off workers, focusing on three industries: textiles, commercial aircraft and information technology.
 It also contains interviews with a number of members of Congress, including: Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), Rosa DeLauro (D-Connecticut), Robin Hayes (R-North Carolina), Donald Manzullo (R-Illinois), and Hilda Solis (D-California), and includes an extended section of clips from the 1993 congressional debate on NAFTA.
 (North American Free Trade Agreement).
80 Million Strong (for Young American Jobs) was a coalition aiming to unite young Americans to own and direct their economic reality.
 The summit, taking place July 14–15, 2009 in Washington, D.C., looked at the problems that young people face in order to find constructive, long-term solutions.
 Stakeholders convened, proposing legislation that creates new jobs for the new economy.
Über Goober A Film About Gamers is a 2004 independent documentary film focusing on people who play role-playing games.
 The film was directed by Steve Metze and features interviews with Gary Gygax, Peter Adkison, Mike Stackpole and Bob Larson, amongst others.
 The film has screened at theatres, film festivals, and gaming conventions, winning the award for "Best Film" at Gen Con Indianapolis, 2004.
