Nicke Andersson (also known as Nick Royale), born 1 August 1972, is a Swedish singer, guitarist, drummer, songwriter and composer most known for his work as the singer and guitarist of the successful Grammy award winning rock band The Hellacopters and drummer for Swedish death metal band Entombed.
 He has also done work as a producer as well as artwork for most the bands he has been involved with.
 Besides his work with the Hellacopters, Andersson is currently the drummer and songwriter in the soul band The Solution with Scott Morgan as well as the drummer, guitarist and songwriter in the death metal band Death Breath.
 Andersson has been involved in well over a hundred different official releases with different bands.
 He is currently touring with his new project, Imperial State Electric.
 Andersson was also the drummer of Tiamat in 1989, who were under the name of Treblinka, but he was no longer in the group by that year and he did not record any material with them.
"Prostitute" is the fourteenth and final track from "Chinese Democracy", Guns N' Roses' sixth studio album released in 2008.
 The song dates back to at least 1999, as it was mentioned in a July issue of "Spin" Magazine; ""Rose is laboring over a song with the working title 'Prostitute', according to Youth, but past successes weigh heavily on him..."" The song is written by Axl Rose and Paul Tobias with additional work by Robin Finck.
Fire and Gasoline is a heavy metal album released in 1989 by British musician Steve Jones, formerly of the Sex Pistols.
 The album featured Axl Rose of Guns N' Roses on the song "I Did U No Wrong" and the lyrics of Nikki Sixx of Mötley Crüe on "We're Not Saints".
 The album was co-produced by Ian Astbury of The Cult, who also sings backing vocals on the album, while Cult guitarist Billy Duffy plays guitar on the song "Get Ready" and then-current Cult drummer Mickey Curry plays throughout the album.
Robert John "Robin" Finck (born November 7, 1971) is an American guitarist.
 He is one of only a few artists who has played in two different bands listed on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock": Nine Inch Nails (ranked no. 43) and Guns N' Roses (ranked no. 9).
Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band originally formed in 1985 by members of Hollywood Rose and L.A. Guns.
 After signing with Geffen Records in 1986, the band released its debut album "Appetite for Destruction" in 1987.
 All songs on the album were credited as written by the full band, composed of vocalist Axl Rose, guitarists Slash and Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan and drummer Steven Adler, while "It's So Easy" was co-written by West Arkeen and "Anything Goes" was co-written by Chris Weber, formerly of Hollywood Rose.
 The following year saw the release of the band's second album "G N' R Lies", made up of all four tracks from 1986's "Live ?!
*@ Like a Suicide" EP and four acoustic-based tracks.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles and formed in 1985.
 The lineup, when first signed to Geffen Records in 1986, consisted of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler.
 Guns N' Roses have released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million records in the United States, making them one of the world's best-selling artists of all time.
Chris Weber (born October 16, 1966) is an American musician best known as the guitarist and founder of the groups U.P.O. and Hollywood Rose (which featured future Guns N' Roses members Axl Rose, Slash, Izzy Stradlin, and Steven Adler).
 With U.P.O., he released two albums, "No Pleasantries" (2000) and "The Heavy" (2004), while the Hollywood Rose demos, recorded in 1984, were released in 2004 titled "The Roots of Guns N' Roses".
City of Evil is the third studio album by Avenged Sevenfold released on June 7, 2005 by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 Co-produced by Andrew Murdock, "City of Evil" contains a more traditional heavy metal and hard rock sound than Avenged Sevenfold's previous two albums, which showcased a predominantly metalcore sound.
 The album is also notable for the absence of screaming vocals.
 M. Shadows worked for months before the album's release with vocal coach Ron Anderson, whose clients have included Axl Rose and Chris Cornell, to achieve a sound that had "grit while still having the tone".
 In order to increase stamina and strength on the pedals, The Rev would sit for hours practicing until he could get up to 210 beats per minute.
 The album was ranked No. 63 on "Guitar World" magazine's "100 Greatest Guitar Albums of All Time".
 City of Evil also appears in Kerrang's "666 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die" and "50 Albums You Need To Hear Before You Die" The album was ranked No. 35 in Kerrang's list of "50 Greatest Metal Albums Ever" in 2016.
"One in a Million" is a song by American rock band Guns N' Roses.
 It is the eighth track on the album "G N' R Lies" and was released in 1988.
 The lyrics describe Guns N' Roses singer Axl Rose's experience of getting hustled in the Greyhound bus station upon first arriving in Los Angeles.
 The song is notable not only for its controversy, but also for being one of the first Guns N' Roses songs that Axl Rose wrote solo.
 According to interviews, Rose wrote "One in a Million" on guitar (with which he was not proficient at the time), using only the bottom two strings.
 This differs from other Rose-written Guns N' Roses songs, which Rose composed on piano or keyboards.
 This is the first Guns N' Roses song to feature piano, played by Rose on the outro.
Jesse Tobias (born April 1, 1972) is an American guitarist who has been the guitarist/co-writer for Morrissey since 2005.
 Tobias first gained notoriety during a brief tenure with the Red Hot Chili Peppers in 1993, although he was replaced by Dave Navarro within a month after joining the band.
 Before he joined the Chili Peppers, he briefly played with L.A.-based band Mother Tongue.
 In 1996, Tobias joined the touring band for Alanis Morissette and from 1999-2005 was a member of the musical duo, Splendid.
