Carolina Ballet is a ballet company founded in 1997 which performs primarily in Raleigh, North Carolina and throughout the state.
 It has toured to New York City, Hungary and China.
 Robert Weiss, the artistic director, danced for George Balanchine for sixteen years at New York City Ballet and attained the rank of principal dancer.
 Lynne Taylor-Corbett is principal guest choreographer.
 One of Carolina Ballet's most popular performances, The Nutcracker, is performed annually.
 Carolina Ballet currently has about 35 dancers.
Stephen Nicholas (born 23 August 1978) also known as Stephen Charles Nicholas is an actor and presenter from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.
 Stephen currently lives in Sheffield, his first role was on Sky One's Dream Team, where he played Scott Ward.
 From there, he filmed the first in the trilogy Goal!
 (In which he played a Newcastle United Reserves player).
 Following this, he moved to Los Angeles, where he played Smith in the feature film Futbaal: The Price of Dreams.
 Stephen then returned to the UK to make a Bollywood film called Dhana Dhana Goal with John Abraham.
 Stephen then experienced his first opportunity in reality TV with the show Premier League All Stars for Sky One, as well as playing a footballer, he was on-hand to present celebrity gossip and pitch side reports.
 He then appeared in Celebrity Most Haunted and Date the Enemy.
 From there he then went on to star in Goal 3 where he not only acted in the film he also became the football choreographer and choreographed all the football scenes in the film.
 Nicholas then starred in the film Damned United where he played Welsh international Alan Durban, the film was filmed in Chesterfield and Leeds and was directed by Oscar winner Tom Hooper and also starred Oscar nominated Michael Sheen.
 Stephens next production was the feature film called 'No Way Back Now'about the notorious Manchester district of Moss Side, where Stephen played the lead actor Stuart Gavin,The feature is roughly based on the notorious Gooch gang that terrorised Manchester throughout the years.
 The next move for Stephen was pantomime where he was part of the production Aladdin over the Christmas period of 2015 in Doncaster playing Abanaza the main villain which he did until January 7, 2016!
.
 He has recently been cast in the up-and-coming Feature Film 'Whiteblade' where he will play Thurstan the head Warlord Whiteblade is currently in production and Stephen is shooting his scenes in August 2016.
 In September 2016 Stephen will be presenting the Sky TV show 'Britz go Bollywood' the show consists of a group of Celebrities being dressed by The best Indian designers, Stephen is the main presenter of the show which will be screened live September 2, 2016.
In Balanchine's version, the leading roles of Clara (here called Marie) and the Nutcracker/Prince are danced by children, and so their dances are choreographed to be less difficult than the ones performed by the adults.
 Marie does not dance at all in the second act of this version.
 The Prince's dancing in Act II is limited to the pantomime that he performs "describing" his defeat of the Mouse King.
 Instead, Marie and the Prince sit out nearly all of Act II watching other dancers perform for them, and unlike most other versions, neither one of them takes part in the ballet's "Final Waltz".
Mansi Aggarwal is an Indian choreographer who has choreographed dances in Bollywood movies.
 She is best known for choreographing the song, 'Bharat Mata ki Jai, from the movie Shanghai that starred actor Emraan Hashmi - the song gained a lot of popularity and became a 'hit' in India.
 She has worked with notable actors such as Sushant Singh Rajput in the award-winning movie, Kai Po Che, and with Abhay Deol in the movie Dev D.
 The song 'Suno Na Sangemarmar' that she choreographed was nominated for Stardust and Filmfare awards.
Adam Cooper (born 22 July 1971) is an English actor, choreographer, dancer and theatre director.
 He currently works as both a performer and choreographer in musical theatre, and has choreographed and/or starred in award-winning shows such as "On Your Toes", "Singin' in the Rain" and "Grand Hotel".
 He began his professional career as a dancer of classical ballet and contemporary ballet and is a former Principal of the Royal Ballet, a major international ballet company based in London.
 He became internationally recognized for creating the lead role of Swan/Stranger in Matthew Bourne's contemporary dance production of the ballet "Swan Lake", a role that was briefly featured in the 2000 film "Billy Elliot".
Denis Beaulne (born April 30, 1958), better known by his stage name Dennis Courtney, is an American stage director, choreographer, actor and teacher of master classes in auditioning for the theatre.
 As a director, he is notable for winning the 2008 Israeli National Theatre Prize (Israel's TONY Award equivalent) for his work in the Cameri Theatre production of Fiddler On The Roof, in Tel Aviv.
 The production closed on January 27, 2016 after a near 8-year run.
 As an actor, he made his Broadway debut in the 1979 production of Peter Pan with Sandy Duncan and George Rose.
 Subsequent Broadway/National Tour/Production credits include Shenandoah with John Raitt (1984), Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat (1984), Roza (1987) and Starlight Express (1989-1990).
 He directed and choreographed a production of My Way, for the Riverside Center Theatre in Virginia and It Shoulda Been You starring Kim Zimmer and for Gretna Theatre in July and August 2016.
 In early 2017, he directed and choreographed Kiss Me, Kate at Kent State.
 In March 2017 he directed the pre-Broadway workshop production of The Last Adam, a new musical by George Alex Livings and Jonathan Hickey.
 He has collaborated with playwright David Brian Colbert on a new play with music about the life of legendary performer, Ethel Waters, entitled .
 The play is currently in development.
Darci Kistler (born June 4, 1964) is a noted American ballerina.
 She is often said to be the last muse for the choreographer, George Balanchine.
Gwyneth Evelyn “Gwen” Verdon (January 13, 1925 – October 18, 2000) was an American actress and dancer.
 She won four Tony awards for her musical comedy performances and served as uncredited choreographers assistant and specialty dance coach for both theater and film.
 With flaming red hair and a quaver in her voice, Verdon was a critically acclaimed performer on Broadway in the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970's.
 Having originated many roles in musicals she is also strongly identified with her second husband, director–choreographer Bob Fosse, remembered as the dancer–collaborator–muse for whom he choreographed much of his work and as the guardian of his legacy after his death.
Lev Ivanovich Ivanov (Russian: Лев Ива́нович Ива́нов ; 2 March 1834, Moscow – 24 December 1901, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian ballet dancer and choreographer and later, Second Balletmaster of the Imperial Ballet.
 As a performer with the Imperial Ballet, he achieved prominence after performing as an understudy in a benefit performance of "La Fille Mal Gardée".
 He is most famous as the choreographer of "Dance of the Little Swans" from "Swan Lake", Act II of "Cinderella", and "The Nutcracker", which he choreographed alongside Marius Petipa.
Tchaikovsky's now-classic ballet The Nutcracker received its first complete production in the U.S. on 24 December 1944, performed by the San Francisco Ballet.
 This production used the ballet's original plot and was choreographed by Willam Christensen, who danced the role of the Cavalier.
 Gisella Caccialanza, the wife of Lew Christensen, danced the rôle of the Sugar Plum Fairy.
 The staging was a huge success and one critic wrote: "We can't understand why a vehicle of such fantastic beauty and originality could be produced in Europe in 1892 with signal success ["a factually erroneous claim"] and never be produced in its entirety in this country until 1944.
 Perhaps choreographers will make up for lost time from now on."
 The company was the first in the U.S. to make the ballet an annual tradition, and for ten years, the only company in the United States performing the complete ballet, until George Balanchine's production opened in New York in 1954.
 (Annual productions of the San Francisco Ballet "Nutcracker" began in 1949.)
