"Girly Edition" is the twenty-first episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 19, 1998.
 In the episode, Lisa and Bart Simpson must co-anchor a new news program, though when Bart is seen as a more successful news anchor, Lisa becomes jealous and seeks revenge.
 Meanwhile, in the subplot, Homer Simpson gets a monkey helper because of his laziness.
 "Girly Edition" was the first episode written by Larry Doyle and was directed by Mark Kirkland.
 Much of the subplot was inspired by the film "Monkey Shines".
 Critics gave the episode positive reviews and it was well received by Lisa's voice actress Yeardley Smith.
Miranda de Souza Canavarro (1849-1933) was a Portuguese noblewoman, notable as the first woman to convert to Buddhism on American soil (in 1897) and later a Buddhist nun in Ceylon.
 She became known as Sister Sanghamitta, while in America she was often known as Marie.
 She was the wife of the Portuguese ambassador to Sandwich Islands, who began a secret "spiritual marriage" to New York attorney and Buddhist sympathizer Myron Henry Phelps.
 She converted to Buddhism in 1897 under the discipleship of Anagarika Dharmapala, then moved to Ceylon as Sister Sanghamitta.
Lisa Marie Simpson is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 She is the middle child and most intelligent of the Simpson family.
 Voiced by Yeardley Smith, Lisa first appeared on television in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987.
 Cartoonist Matt Groening created and designed her while waiting to meet James L. Brooks.
 Groening had been invited to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic "Life in Hell", but instead decided to create a new set of characters.
 He named the elder Simpson daughter after his younger sister Lisa Groening.
 After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three years, the Simpson family were moved to their own series on Fox, which debuted on December 17, 1989.
Lumbini Development Trust (1985) or (लुम्बिनी बिकाश कोष) was founded for the purposes of restoring the Lumbini Garden under the master plan of the government of Nepal.
 Lumbini is the traditional birthplace of Gautama Buddha, the founder of Buddhism, who was born in the 7th or 6th century BC.According to Buddhist tradition, Maya Devi (or Mayadevi) gave birth to the Buddha on her way to her parent's home in Devadaha in the month of May in the year 623 BC.
 Feeling the onset of labor pains, she grabbed hold of the branches of a shade tree and gave birth to Siddharta Gautama, the future Buddha.
 The Buddha is said to have announced, "This is my final rebirth" as he entered the world.
 Buddhist tradition also has it that he walked immediately after his birth and took seven steps, under each of which a lotus flower bloomed.
 In 249 BC, the Buddhist convert Emperor Ashoka visited Lumbini and constructed four stupas and a stone pillar.
 Ashoka's Pillar bears an inscription that translates as: "King Piyadasi (Ashoka), beloved of devas, in the 20 year of the coronation, himself made a royal visit, Buddha Sakyamuni having been born here, a stone railing was built and a stone pillar erected to the Bhagavan ["blessed one"] having been born here.
 Lumbini village was taxed reduced and entitled to the eight part (only)".
Navayana (Devanagari: नवयान, IAST: "Navayāna") means "new vehicle" and refers to the re-interpretation of Buddhism by B.R. Ambedkar.
 Ambedkar was born in a Dalit (untouchable) family during the colonial era of India, studied abroad, became a Dalit leader, and announced in 1935 his intent to convert from Hinduism to Buddhism.
 Thereafter Ambedkar studied texts of Buddhism, found several of its core beliefs and doctrines such as Four Noble Truths and Anatta as flawed and pessimistic, re-interpreted these into what he called "new vehicle" of Buddhism.
 This is known as Navayana, also known as Bhimayāna after Ambedkar's first name Bhimrao.
 Ambedkar held a press conference on October 13 1956, announcing his rejection of Theravada and Mahayana vehicles, as well as of Hinduism.
 Thereafter, he left Hinduism and adopted Navayana, about six weeks before his death.
It is said that Lord Buddha once in his life came to this region East Bengal to spread Buddhism and he was successful to convert the local people of East Bengal to Buddhism.
 East Bengal what today known as Bangladesh was a Buddhist country before islamic invasion which came to force during 13th century.
 During Islamic invasion many Buddhists and low caste Hindus convert to Islam.
 Most Bangladeshi Muslims have Buddhist ancestry while few have Hindu ancestry.
 It was the predominant faith of the region until about the 12th century, Buddhism is now the third largest religion in Bangladesh with about 0.7% of population adhering to Theravada Buddhism.
 Over 65% of the Buddhist population is concentrated in the Chittagong Hill Tracts region, where Buddhism the predominant faith of the Chakma, Marma, Tanchangya, other Jumma people and the Barua, while the remaining 35% of the population are from the Bengali Buddhist community.
 Buddhist communities are present in the urban centers of Bangladesh, particularly Chittagong and Dhaka.
Travers Christmas Humphreys, QC (15 February 1901 – 13 April 1983) was an English barrister who prosecuted several controversial cases in the 1940s and 1950s, and later became a judge at the Old Bailey.
 He also wrote a number of works on Mahayana Buddhism and in his day was the best-known British convert to Buddhism.
 In 1924 he founded what became the London Buddhist Society, which was to have a seminal influence on the growth of the Buddhist tradition in Britain.
 His former home in St John's Wood, London, is now a Buddhist temple.
 He was also an enthusiastic proponent of the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship.
Religion in Thailand is varied.
 There is no official state religion in the Thai constitution, which guarantees religious freedom for all Thai citizens, though the king is required by law to be Theravada Buddhist.
 The main religion practiced in Thailand is Buddhism, but there is a strong undercurrent of Hinduism with its distinct priestly class.
 The large Thai Chinese population also practices Chinese folk religions, including Taoism.
 The Yiguandao (Thai: "Anuttharatham") spread in Thailand in the 1970s and it has grown so much in recent decades to come into conflict with Buddhism; it is reported that each year 200,000 Thais convert to the religion.
 Many other people, especially among the Isan ethnic group, practice Tai folk religions.
 A significant Muslim population, mostly constituted by Thai Malays, is present especially in the southern regions.
"Make Room for Lisa" is the sixteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' tenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 28, 1999.
 In the episode, while visiting the Smithsonian expedition, Homer Simpson meets a businesswoman who convinces him to build a cell phone tower in the Simpsons house, making it take up Lisa's room.
 Lisa is forced to share Bart's room, but the stress of living in the same room as Bart gives her stomach aches.
 Homer and Lisa decide to visit a New Age store, where the owner convinces them to go on a spiritual journey by lying in a sensory deprivation tank for a prolonged amount of time.
"Blame It on Lisa" is the fifteenth episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 In the episode, the Simpson family goes to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in search of a Brazilian orphan named Ronaldo whom Lisa has been sponsoring.
 Lisa used to receive a letter from Ronaldo every month, but that recently stopped and according to personnel at the orphanage, he is missing.
 As the Simpsons search through Rio de Janeiro, Homer is kidnapped and in order to free him the family must pay a ransom of $50,000, which they do not have.
 Lisa soon discovers that Ronaldo has been working in a flamingo costume on the children's television series "Teleboobies", which is the reason he left the orphanage.
 Ronaldo finally meets up with the Simpsons and gives them the $50,000 they need to rescue Homer.
