Idaho is an American rock band formed in 1992 in Los Angeles, California, United States by high school friends Jeff Martin and John K. Berry who had played in various bands and projects together since 1981.
 The duo, who switched off on drumming duties and shared in the songwriting, were eventually signed to Caroline Records in December 1992 by Brian Long, and soon after released the "The Palms" EP and "Year After Year" full-length in 1993.
 Idaho drew frequent comparisons to American Music Club, Red House Painters and Codeine due to vocal, lyrical, and instrumental similarities.
 The band toured the U.S. with similar-minded artists such as Red House Painters, Half String, Low, and Cranes from 1993 to 1995.
 Dan Seta joined as a multi-instrumentalist on "Three Sheets to the Wind", the band's third album, along with Terry Borden on bass (later of the Pete Yorn band) and Mark Lewis (West Indian Girl) on drums.
 Seta and Lewis had previously been in the band Pet Clarke together, along with Geoff Gans and former Let's Active touring bassist Janine Cooper, who went on to join Downy Mildew.
 Idaho also played dates in Europe with Lali Puna and Dirty Three.
Red House Painters (also known as Rollercoaster or Red House Painters I to distinguish it from the second eponymous album, known as "Bridge" or "Red House Painters II") is the second album by the group Red House Painters, released on May 24, 1993 by 4AD.
Sun Kil Moon is an American folk rock act from San Francisco, California, founded in 2002.
 Initially a continuation of the defunct indie rock band Red House Painters, Sun Kil Moon is now the primary recording moniker of vocalist and guitarist Mark Kozelek.
 The project is named after the Korean lightweight boxer Sung-Kil Moon.
Red House is a small unincorporated community located in Putnam County in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 The community is divided into two distinct areas: Red House (Proper) which follows the Kanawha River Valley along WV 62, and Red House Hill along WV 34 which is in the hills just off the Kanawha River Valley.
 The Red House Post Office is still in service and was founded on September 26, 1840.
 Some say the town was named for a red house which stood at the town site, while others believe nearby red rock formations account for the name.
Red House Painters (also known as "Bridge" or "Red House Painters II" to distinguish it from the first eponymous album, also known as "Rollercoaster" or "Red House Painters I") is the third album by the group Red House Painters, released in autumn 1993 by 4AD.
 The album is made up of songs from the same recording sessions for "Rollercoaster".
Ocean Beach is the fourth studio album by Red House Painters, released in 1995 by 4AD.
 The album saw the group and Mark Kozelek move toward a more pastoral and folk-influenced arrangement style, in contrast to the lengthy, droning epics that featured on their early albums.
 "Ocean Beach" was also the last album to feature founding guitarist Gorden Mack, as well as being the band's last studio album released by 4AD.
 The album features an unlisted hidden track, referred to as "Brockwell Park (Part 2)" less than 20 seconds after "Drop" ends.
 The double 10" vinyl release of the album (now long out of print) features the band's acoustic cover of Yes' 1971 hit "Long Distance Runaround."
 Kozelek would go on to record another version of the song (with electric guitars and an extended outro) for Red House Painters' next album, "Songs for a Blue Guitar".
Retrospective is a 2-disc compilation of Red House Painters' songs from the band's 4AD era.
 The compilation was released in July 1999.
 Disc one is a collection of definitive Red House Painters tracks culled from their debut album "Down Colorful Hill" through 1995's "Ocean Beach", as picked by 4AD label owner Ivo Watts-Russell.
 Disc two, subtitled "Demos, Outtakes, Live (1989-1995)", is a collection of unreleased demos and live recordings from their 4AD years.
 The essay inside the booklet was written by Rob O'Condor in April 1999.
 A working title for this collection was "Red Perspective".
Mark Edward Kozelek (born January 24, 1967) is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, record producer and occasional actor.
 He is best known as the vocalist and primary recording artist of the indie folk act Sun Kil Moon, with whom he has recorded eight studio albums, and as the vocalist, guitarist and founding member of the indie rock band Red House Painters, with whom he recorded six studio albums from 1989 until 2001.
Red House Painters were an American rock band, formed in San Francisco, California in 1988.
 They were one of the most prominent acts associated with the slowcore/sadcore subgenre.
 Fronted by primary songwriter Mark Kozelek (vocals, guitar), the band also included drummer Anthony Koutsos and bass guitarist Jerry Vessel.
 Guitarists Gorden Mack and Phil Carney both performed with the band during separate six-year tenures.
Ghosts of the Great Highway is the debut album by San Francisco quartet Sun Kil Moon, led by Red House Painters' founder Mark Kozelek, who composed all of the lyrics and music on this album.
 The other members are Anthony Koutsos (former drummer for Red House Painters), Geoff Stanfield, and Tim Mooney.
