Miner Memorial Library is the public library of Lempster, New Hampshire, located at 3 Second New Hampshire Turnpike.
 The library occupies a single-story wood frame structure built in 1845 as a church for a Universalist congregation.
 Despite significant alteration for its use as a library, the building remains a fine example of vernacular church architecture in Sullivan County.
 The building was formally dedicated in 1927 to the memory of Lempster native Alonzo Ames Miner, a leading Universalist minister and president of Tufts College.
 After years of declining attendance, the remaining congregants gave the building to the town in 1965.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Dover is a city in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.
 The population was 29,987 at the 2010 census, the largest in the New Hampshire Seacoast region.
 The population was estimated at 31,153 in 2016.
 It is the county seat of Strafford County, and home to Wentworth-Douglass Hospital, the Woodman Institute Museum, and the Children's Museum of New Hampshire.
Carroll County is a county located in the state of New Hampshire, in the United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 47,818, making it the third-least populous county in New Hampshire.
 Its county seat is Ossipee.
 The county was created in 1840 and organized at Ossipee from towns removed from Strafford County.
 It was named in honor of Charles Carroll of Carrollton, who had died in 1832, the last surviving signer of the United States Declaration of Independence.
Hampden County is a non-governmental county located in the Pioneer Valley of the state of Massachusetts, in the United States.
 As of the 2010 census, Hampden County's population was 463,490.
 Its traditional county seat is Springfield, the Connecticut River Valley's largest city, and economic and cultural capital.
 Hampden County was split from Hampshire County in 1812, because Northampton, Massachusetts, was made Hampshire County's "shire town" in 1794; however, Springfield—theretofore Hampshire County's traditional shire town, dating back to its founding in 1636—grew at a pace far quicker than Northampton and was granted shire town-status over its own, southerly jurisdiction.
 It was named for John Hampden.
 To the north of Hampden County is modern-day Hampshire County; to the west is Berkshire County; to the east is Worcester County; to the south are Litchfield County, Hartford County, and Tolland County in Connecticut.
Woodsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Haverhill in Grafton County, New Hampshire, U.S., along the Connecticut River at the mouth of the Ammonoosuc River.
 The population was 1,126 at the 2010 census.
 Although North Haverhill is now the county seat of Grafton County, the village of Woodsville has traditionally been considered the county seat, as the county courthouse was originally located there.
 The county buildings are now located halfway between Woodsville and the village of North Haverhill to the south.
Lempster is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.
 The population was 1,154 at the 2010 census.
 Settlements include the town center (Lempster village) and the village of East Lempster.
Essex County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Vermont.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 6,306, making it the least-populous county in both Vermont and New England.
 Its shire town (county seat) is the municipality of Guildhall.
 The county was created in 1792 and organized in 1800.
 Bordered by the Connecticut River next to New Hampshire, Essex County is part of the Berlin, New Hampshire micropolitan area.
 It is south of the Canadian province of Quebec.
The Gardnerville Branch Jail is a historic jail located at 1440 Courthouse St. in Gardnerville, Nevada.
 The jail was built in 1910 and served as Douglas County's only jail from 1910 to 1915.
 Prior to 1910, the only county jail was in Genoa, the county seat; however, since Gardnerville was several miles from Genoa, it resorted to housing prisoners in the local judge's granary.
 As the granary was considered unfit for holding prisoners, the community petitioned the county to construct a new jail.
 However, local leaders in Minden, who wanted to move the county seat to their town, protested the move, as they suspected that Gardnerville was attempting to claim the county seat itself.
 Nonetheless, the county approved the construction of the new jail.
 The jail housed its first prisoners before construction even finished, as the Genoa jail burned down; one prisoner was briefly chained to a post until the new jail could accommodate him.
 Once completed, the jail served the county until 1915, when Minden became the county seat and opened its own county jail.
Steven "Steve" Smith (born June 23, 1964) is a New Hampshire politician and a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing Sullivan County District 11, which includes the towns of Acworth, Charlestown, Goshen, Langdon, Lempster, and Washington.
 He is a software tester by profession, and also runs a slot car business and racing facility.
East Lempster is an unincorporated community in the town of Lempster in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.
