Travis is a Scottish rock band formed in Glasgow in 1990, composed of Fran Healy (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Dougie Payne (bass guitar, backing vocals), Andy Dunlop (lead guitar, banjo, backing vocals) and Neil Primrose (drums, percussion).
 The band's name comes from the Harry Dean Stanton character Travis Henderson from the film "Paris, Texas".
 The band is widely claimed by the media as having paved the way for other bands such as Keane and Coldplay to go onto achieve worldwide success throughout the 2000s, particularly through the band's "The Man Who" (1999) album.
"Where You Stand" is a song by alternative rock band Travis, written by Dougie Payne, Holly Partridge and Fran Healy.
 It was released on 30 April 2013 as the lead single from the band's seventh studio album, "Where You Stand".
Wreckorder is the debut solo album from Travis frontman, Fran Healy.
 The album was released on 4 October 2010, on Healy's private label, WreckordLabel.
 The album was recorded in late 2009 in Berlin and New York City, before being completed in Vermont in early 2010.
 It was produced by Emery Dobyns, with contributions from Paul McCartney, Neko Case and Noah and the Whale's Tom Hobden.
 The album is available in standard and deluxe editions, and debuted at number 76 on the UK Albums Chart.
Batman: Original Motion Picture Score is the score album for the 1989 film "Batman" by Danny Elfman.
 According to the "Batman" DVD Special Edition, Elfman said that producer Jon Peters was not sure about him as a composer until Tim Burton made him play the main titles.
 Elfman admitted he was stunned when Peters announced that the score would be released on its own album, as releasing a separate score album for a film was something that was rarely done in the 1980s.
 Elfman's "The Batman Theme" went on to become an iconic piece.
 It served as the basis for the theme music of "", which premiered in 1992, although this was later changed.
 Some parts of the Elfman score are also heard in "", "" and "".
 Parts are also played in the queue, and on the station platform of Batman the Ride at various Six Flags theme parks.
Travis is an alternative rock band from Glasgow, Scotland, comprising Fran Healy (lead vocals, guitar, piano, banjo), Dougie Payne (bass guitar, backing vocals), Andy Dunlop (lead guitar, banjo, keyboards, backing vocals) and Neil Primrose (drums, percussion).
 Travis have twice been awarded British album of the year at the annual BRIT Awards, and are often credited with having paved the way for bands such as Coldplay, Keane and Snow Patrol.
 They have released eight studio albums, beginning with their debut, "Good Feeling", in 1997.
 Their latest album, "Everything at Once", was released in April 2016.
Volume 1 is the debut studio album by indie super-group BNQT, lead by Eric Pulido (Midlake) with Ben Bridwell (Band of Horses), Alex Kapranos (Franz Ferdinand), Fran Healy (Travis) and Jason Lytle (Grandaddy), backed by the other members of Midlake.
 Each member wrote and sang on two tracks each.
 It was released on 28 April 2017.
"Here with Me" is a single from American rock band The Killers' fourth studio album, "Battle Born".
 It was released as the third single from the album on December 16, 2012, and was written by Brandon Flowers and Fran Healy.
"The Beautiful Occupation" is the second single from Scottish indie rock band Travis' fourth studio album, "12 Memories".
 The single peaked at #48 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming their worst performing single to date.
 The song was written by frontman Fran Healy and is a reflection of the anti-war sentiments of the War on Iraq, also carrying serious criticism to the invasion itself.
The Invisible Band is the third studio album from Scottish indie pop band Travis.
 The album was released on 11 June 2001.
 The title of the album makes reference to the band's feelings regarding 'music being more important than the band making it'.
 Band frontman Fran Healy stated in an interview that the album's title referred to the band's status in 'having famous songs, but not being famous themselves'.
 The album spent four weeks at the top of the UK Albums Chart, selling more copies in that time than "The Man Who" managed in half a year.
BNQT (pronounced banquet ( ) is an indie super-group featuring Fran Healy (Travis), Alex Kapranos (Franz Ferdinand), Eric Pulido (Midlake), Ben Bridwell (Band of Horses) and Jason Lytle (Grandaddy), backed by other members of Midlake; Jesse Chandler, Joey McClellan and McKenzie Smith.
