Amber Brown (The Bully, born 1988) is an American mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter in the Atomweight weight class.
Ruqsana Begum (Bengali: রুকসানা বেগম ; born 15 October 1983) is an English professional kickboxer.
 She is the current British and World Kickboxing Association female Atomweight (48–50 kg) Muay Thai boxing champion and captain of the British Muay Thai Team.
 She is the only Muslim woman who is a national champion in her sport.
Sports are activities involving physical exertion and skill, in which a team compete against another as a form of entertainment.
 The universality of sport allows it to encompass several different rights.
 Most sporting events have a huge impact on human rights.
 Human rights are rights that are believed to belong to justifiably every person.
 In particular youth sport which concerns the rights of children.
 The practice of sport is beneficial to children as it can have a positive impact on their physical, mental, psycho-motor and social development skills.
 Sport is helpful in a human rights context as it encourages the integration of children from different cultural or economic backgrounds, those with disabilities and helps promote gender equality.
Neurofilaments (NF) are the 10 nanometer or intermediate filaments found in neurons.
 They are a major component of the neuronal cytoskeleton, and are believed to function primarily to provide structural support for the axon and to regulate axon diameter.
 Neurofilaments are composed of polypeptide chains or subunits which belong to the same protein family as the intermediate filaments of other tissues such as keratin subunits, which make 10 nm filaments expressed specifically in epithelia.
 The family of proteins making intermediate filaments is divided into 5 major classes, the keratins forming the classes I and II.
 Class III contains the proteins vimentin, desmin, peripherin and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP).
 The major neurofilament subunits occupy the class IV family of intermediate filaments, along with two other filament proteins of neurons, alpha-internexin and nestin.
 The class IV intermediate filament genes all share two unique introns not found in other intermediate filament gene sequences, suggesting a common evolutionary origin from one primitive class IV gene.
 Finally, class V corresponds to intermediate filaments of the nuclear cytoskeleton, the nuclear lamins.
 The term neurofibril refers to a bundle of neurofilaments.
The atomweight division in mixed martial arts generally refers to competitors weighing at or less than 105 lb .
 It sits below the heavier strawweight division and is the lightest weight class widely recognized within MMA.
 The atomweight division in mixed martial arts is not defined by the Unified Rules and is used almost exclusively for Women's MMA.
Lesche (Gr.
 λέσχη ) is an Ionic Greek word, signifying "council" or "conversation", and a "place for council or conversation".
 There is frequent mention of places of public resort, in the Greek cities, by the name of "leschai" (λέσχαι , the Greek plural of "lesche"), some set apart for the purpose, and others so called because they were so used by loungers; to the latter class belong the agora and its porticoes, the gymnasia, and the shops of various tradesmen, especially those of the smiths, which were frequented in winter on account of their warmth, and in which, for the same reason, the poor sought shelter for the night.
In linguistics, a noun class is a particular category of nouns.
 A noun may belong to a given class because of the characteristic features of its referent, such as sex, animacy, shape, but counting a given noun among nouns of such or another class is often clearly conventional.
 Some authors use the term "grammatical gender" as a synonym of "noun class", but others use different definitions for each.
 Noun classes should not be confused with noun classifiers.
Atomweight (also referred to as light minimumweight and pinweight) is a weight class in combat sports.
Although the flower hat jelly ("Olindias formosus") looks like a jellyfish, they actually belong in the class Hydrozoa, while true jellyfish belong in class Scyphozoa.
 Flower hat jellies occur in the West Pacific off southern Japan.
 Characterized by lustrous tentacles that coil and adhere to its rim when not in use, the flower hat jelly's bell is translucent and pinstriped with opaque bands, making it easily recognizable.
The aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (EC 6.1.1.
 ) catalyse the attachment of an amino acid to its cognate transfer RNA molecule in a highly specific two-step reaction.
 These proteins differ widely in size and oligomeric state, and have limited sequence homology.
 The 20 aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases are divided into two classes, I and II.
 Class I aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases contain a characteristic Rossman fold catalytic domain and are mostly monomeric.
 Class II aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases share an anti-parallel beta-sheet fold flanked by alpha-helices, and are mostly dimeric or multimeric, containing at least three conserved regions.
 However, tRNA binding involves an alpha-helical structure that is conserved between class I and class II synthetases.
 In reactions catalysed by the class I aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases, the aminoacyl group is coupled to the 2'-hydroxyl of the tRNA, while, in class II reactions, the 3'-hydroxyl site is preferred.
 The synthetases specific for arginine, cysteine, glutamic acid, glutamine, isoleucine, leucine, methionine, tyrosine, tryptophan and valine belong to class I synthetases; these synthetases are further divided into three subclasses, a, b and c, according to sequence homology.
 The synthetases specific for alanine, asparagine, aspartic acid, glycine, histidine, lysine, phenylalanine, proline, serine, and threonine belong to class-II synthetases.
