Holyman House is an iconic Art Deco building in the CBD of Launceston, Tasmania.
 The building was built in 1936 to house the various branches of Holymans shipping and aviation interests as well as an automobile showroom for Holyman's automotive division.
 The building was designed to reflect the bold futuristic vision of the Holyman Company with the sleek curves, neon-lit spire and modern steel frame construction.
 Holyman House was most infamously the headquarters of Australian National Airways, an evolution of Holyman's Airways.
 After the fall of the Holyman's empire in the 1950s, it was sold to Ansett Australia and eventually divided into office spaces.
 Holyman House now houses a travel center on the ground level corner allotment where the flight lounge used to be.
The history of Air New Zealand, the national carrier of New Zealand, began when the amalgamated East Coast Airways and Cook Strait Airways began operations in January 1936 as Union Airways of N.Z. Ltd, the country's first major airline.
 Union Airways was the sole New Zealand aviation partner in Tasman Empire Airways Limited (TEAL), which made its inaugural flight in 1940.
 The New Zealand Government bought full ownership of TEAL in 1961 and the airline was renamed "Air New Zealand" in 1965.
 New Zealand's domestic airline, National Airways Corporation (NAC), was merged with Air New Zealand in 1978.
 Air New Zealand was privatised in 1989 but in the early 2000s (decade) it got in financial trouble and in 2001 the New Zealand Government took up 80% ownership in return for injecting NZ$885M.
 In November 2013, the National Government sold down its share in Air New Zealand from 73% to 53% as part of its controversial asset sales programme.
The Southern Cloud, registered VH-UMF, was one of five Avro 618 Ten three-engined aircraft flying daily airline services between several Australian cities for Australian National Airways in the early 1930s.
Charles Herbert Murray (21 September 1899 – 26 June 1950) was the Anglican Bishop of Riverina in Australia from 1944 until his death in the 1950 Australian National Airways Douglas DC-4 crash in Western Australia.
 Also killed was the Dean of Newcastle, the Very Reverend Norman Blow.
Union Airways of New Zealand Limited was New Zealand's first major airline.
 Founded in 1935 by local shipping giant Union Steam Ship Company of New Zealand.
 Its services reached main centres from Auckland to Dunedin and extended to Gisborne and the West Coast of the South Island.
 Union Airways was instrumental in the establishment of Australian National Airways and TEAL.
Australian National Airways was a short-lived Australian airline, founded in 1929 by Charles Kingsford Smith and Charles Ulm.
The 1948 "Lutana" crash occurred on 2 September 1948 near Nundle, New South Wales, Australia, when the "Lutana", a Douglas DC-3 operated by Australian National Airways, crashed into high terrain en route from Brisbane to Sydney, killing all 13 on board.
 A judicial enquiry by a Supreme Court Judge determined that the crash was caused by errors in radio navigation equipment used by the pilot to navigate the route from Brisbane to Sydney.
West Australian Airways was an Australian airline based out of Geraldton, Western Australia.
 Established on 5 December 1921 as Western Australian Airways by World War I pilot Norman Brearley it was the first airline in Australian history to establish a scheduled air service.
 The first service left Geraldton on 2 November 1922.
 On 12 June 1936 West Australian Airways was purchased by Adelaide Airways for £25,000 and in July that year became part of Australian National Airways.
On 31 January 1945 a Stinson Model A aircraft departed from Melbourne for a flight of 127 nmi to Kerang, Victoria—the first leg of an Australian National Airways regular scheduled service to Broken Hill, New South Wales.
 It crashed 50 nmi from Melbourne.
 All ten occupants were killed in the accident.
 The aircraft was one of four Stinsons imported in 1936 by Airlines of Australia (AoA).
 Three had now crashed with the loss of 17 lives, and the fourth would not be permitted to fly again.
The "Kyeema" airline crash took place on 25 October 1938 when the Australian National Airways Douglas DC-2 "Kyeema", tail number VH-UYC, flying from Adelaide to Melbourne, commenced final approach to Essendon Airport through heavy fog and crashed into the western slopes of Mount Dandenong, also known as Mount Corhanwarrabul, killing all 18 on board instantly.
