Damien House is a non-profit organization that provides support for over 100 Hansen’s Disease patients, especially those at a hospital in Guayaquil Ecuador.
 Hansen's disease is a bacterial disease also known as leprosy, and is very similar to tuberculosis.
 The hospital in Guayaquil treats a roster of around 700 outpatients.
 Quality medical care is provided seven days a week, twenty-four hours a day.
 With the help of donations to the US-based Damien House organization, the staff is also able to provide patients with dental care, physical therapy, sanitary services, medication, and three well-balanced hot meals every day.
 Additionally, Damien House has a community outreach program that helps those who have been treated
The CIA activities in Laos started in the 1950s.
 In 1959, U.S. Special Forces began to train some Laotian soldiers in unconventional warfare techniques as early as the fall of 1959 under the code name Erawan.
 Under this code name, General Vang Pao, who served the royal Lao family recruited and trained his Hmong soldiers.
 The Hmong were targeted as allies because after President Kennedy took power, he refused to send more American soldiers to battle in Southeast Asia.
 Instead, he called the CIA to use its tribal forces in Laos and "make every possible effort to launch guerrilla operations in North Vietnam’ with its Asian recruits."
 Hence, under this code name, General Vang Pao, who served the royal Lao family was recruited.
 He then recruited and trained his Hmong soldiers to ally with the CIA and fight against the communist.
Sword, commonly known as Sword Beach, was the code name given to one of the five main landing areas along the Normandy coast during the initial assault phase, Operation Neptune, of Operation Overlord, the Allied invasion of German-occupied France that commenced on 6 June 1944.
 Stretching 8 km from Ouistreham to Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer, the beach was the easternmost landing site of the invasion.
 Taking Sword was to be the responsibility of the British Army with sea transport, mine sweeping, and a naval bombardment force provided by the British Royal Navy as well as elements from the Polish, Norwegian and other Allied navies.
Meals on Wheels is a program that delivers meals to individuals at home who are unable to purchase or prepare their own meals.
 The name is often used generically to refer to home-delivered meals programs, not all of which are actually named "Meals on Wheels".
 Because they are housebound, many of the recipients are the elderly, and many of the volunteers are also elderly but able-bodied and able to drive automobiles.
Operation Dragoon (initially Operation Anvil) was the code name for the Allied invasion of Southern France on 15August 1944.
 The operation was initially planned to be executed in conjunction with Operation Overlord, the Allied landing in the Normandy, but the lack of available resources led to a cancellation of the second landing.
 By July 1944 the landing was reconsidered, as the clogged-up ports in Normandy did not have the capacity to adequately supply the Allied forces.
 Concurrently, the French High Command pushed for a revival of the operation that would include large numbers of French troops.
 As a result, the operation was finally approved in July to be executed in August.
Yad Ezra V’Shulamit is a charity organization located in Israel.
 Their mission is to feed poor and hungry families in Israel, with a special focus on providing daily hot meals for children.
 They currently give out 2500 food baskets a week to poor Israeli families, provide daily meals to children, run annual clothing and school supply drives and operate a Job Desk, in which they help unemployed parents find work.
 The motto of the organization is "Breaking the Cycle of Poverty One Child at a Time".
SS "Jubilee" was the second steamship on Okanagan Lake in British Columbia, Canada, owned and operated by Captain Thomas Shorts.
 She was built by Shorts and carpenter John Hamilton in 1887 while they were waiting for a new boiler to come in for their first steamship,  , which needed new machinery.
 When it arrived, they decided to put the new boiler in the new 30 ft by 8 ft "Jubilee" instead and they put "Mary Victoria Greenhow's" engine in "Jubilee" as well.
 She was launched at the Okanagan Landing shipyard at 3:30 p.m. on September 22, 1887.
 "Jubilee" took about two weeks per round trip on the lake.
 A gold strike on Granite Creek in the Similkameen River in 1889 created business for "Jubilee" and Shorts built a barge to help her.
 However, the strike didn't last long and the barge was beached.
 "Jubilee" was also short-lived, as she froze in ice at Okanagan Landing during a cold spell in the winter of 1889–1890.
 She sank and in the spring, her machinery was put in Shorts' new barge, "City of Vernon".
 The engine was reinstalled in several more ships, and the retired engine was used in a shingle mill for cutting firewood at Trinity Valley starting in 1906.
 Finally, Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Worth of Vernon, British Columbia, who had owned and used it for many years, donated it to the Vernon Museum and Archives in November 1957.
The Landing Barge, Kitchen or LBK was a landing craft used to support amphibious landings in North Western Europe during and after the Normandy invasion in the Second World War.
 Its primary purpose was to provide hot meals to the crews of the many minor landing craft not fitted with galley facilities.
 Constructed of steel, this shallow-draft lighter had storage and serving space to feed 900 men for one week.
 The kitchen capacity was able to provide 1,600 hot meals and 800 cold meals a day.
The Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests were a series of controlled-descent flight tests conducted by SpaceX between 2013 and 2016.
 Since 2017, the first stage is routinely landed if the rocket performance allows it.
 The program's objective was to reliably execute controlled re-entry, descent and landing (EDL) of the Falcon 9 first stage into Earth's atmosphere after the stage completes the boost phase of an orbital spaceflight.
 The first tests aimed to touch down vertically in the ocean at zero velocity.
 Later tests attempted to land the rocket precisely on an autonomous spaceport drone ship (a barge commissioned by SpaceX to provide a stable landing surface at sea) or at Landing Zone 1 (LZ-1), a concrete pad at Cape Canaveral.
 The first ground landing at LZ-1 succeeded in December 2015, and the first landing at sea on a drone ship in April 2016.
 The second landed booster, B1021, was the first to fly again in March 2017, and was recovered a second time.
The Landing Craft, Support (Large) — later reclassified Landing Ship Support, Large — class of amphibious warfare ships were used by the United States Navy in World War II in the Pacific.
 They were primarily used for close support before landing forces on beaches.
 They also performed radar picket duty and fire fighting.
 They were nicknamed the "Mighty Midgets".
