Jaume Vicens Vives Secondary School ("Institut Jaume Vicens Vives" in catalan) is a Catalan state secondary school located in the city of Girona (Spain).
 It has around of 900 pupils from ages 12 to 18 studying the Spanish secondary education programs (ESO from 12 to 16, and LOE Baccalaureate from 16 to 18).
 It is the only state secondary school in Catalonia to offer the International Baccalaureate.
Adolphe de Plevitz State Secondary School is a state secondary school based in Grand-Baie, Mauritius.
 Students are prepared for the School Certificate and the Higher School Certificate.
Cambridge High School is a state secondary school in the Waikato town of Cambridge.
 Cambridge High School is a co-educational state secondary school, students from the town and surrounding rural areas attend the school.
 The school is a large part of the Cambridge community, participating in a wide network of formal and informal relationships with other agencies and groups.
Agnes Body (29 April, 1866 – 31 March, 1952) was a British headmistress.
 She was the founding head of Lincoln Christ's Hospital Girls' High School and Queen Margaret's School, then in Scarborough.
Papamoa College is a state coeducational Year 7–13 secondary school located in the eponymous eastern suburb of Tauranga, New Zealand.
 The school opened in February 2011 as the city's fifth state secondary school, serving the growing Papamoa area.
 As of July 2017 , the school has 1179 students from Years 7 to 13 (ages 10 to 18).
Castlemaine Secondary College is a state secondary school located in the town of Castlemaine in central Victoria, Australia.
 It was attended by Sean Finning, gold medallist of the 2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games.
 It is the only state secondary school in the Mount Alexander Shire.
Dr James Burty David State Secondary School is a state secondary school based in Bell Village, Port Louis, Mauritius.
 Students are prepared for the School Certificate and the Higher School Certificate.
 The school was previously known as the Bell Village SSS.
Makoura College (spelled Makora College prior to 1990) is a state co-educational secondary school located in Masterton, New Zealand.
 The school opened in 1968 as the town's second state secondary school, alongside Wairarapa College.
 Serving Years 9 to 13 (ages 12 to 18), the school has a roll of 337 students as of July 2017.
The Oxford Academy is a co-educational state secondary school in Littlemore, Oxford, England.
 Formerly Peers School, it was re-opened as an Academy in September 2008 and is the state secondary school for The Leys, Rose Hill and Littlemore.
 It has specialist status in mathematics, computing, and sport.
Brisbane State High School (BSHS or often commonly State High or High) is a partially selective, co-educational, state secondary school, located in South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
 It is a member of the Great Public Schools' Association of Queensland, and the Queensland Girls' Secondary Schools Sports Association.
 It was the first state secondary school established in Brisbane, as well as the first academic state high school to be founded in Queensland.
 The school employs a variety of selection criteria for prospective students, maintaining a quota for local area enrolments, however also using academic, sporting, cultural and artistic talents as means of determining the annual intake.
 In 2017, there were 3,190 students in Years 7–12.
