Christopher "Lil' C" Toler (born 1983) is an American dancer and choreographer best known for his choreography and judging on the TV show "So You Think You Can Dance" and for his appearance in the 2005 krumping documentary "Rize".
 Since appearing in the film he has danced for several musical artists including Missy Elliott, Fall Out Boy, and Madonna, and was cast as a featured dancer in the 2007 art exhibit "Slow Dancing".
 He continues to serve as a guest judge on "So You Think You Can Dance".
Eugene Curran Kelly (August 23, 1912 – February 2, 1996) was an American dancer, actor of film, stage and television, singer, film director, producer, and choreographer.
 He was known for his energetic and athletic dancing style, his good looks, and the likeable characters that he played on screen.
Francis is a 1950 American black-and-white comedy film from Universal-International that launched the Francis the Talking Mule film series.
 "Francis" is produced by Robert Arthur, directed by Arthur Lubin, and stars Donald O'Connor and Patricia Medina.
 The distinctive voice of Francis is a voice-over by actor Chill Wills.
Julianne Alexandra Hough ( ; born July 20, 1988) is an American dancer, singer, and actress.
 She is a two-time professional champion of ABC's "Dancing with the Stars".
 She was nominated for a Creative Arts Primetime Emmy in 2007 for Outstanding Choreography in season five of the show.
 Her first leading acting role was in the 2011 film remake of "Footloose".
 In September 2014, Hough joined "Dancing with the Stars" as a permanent fourth judge.
 Along with her brother Derek Hough (who is a six-time winner of the dancing show) and Tessandra Chavez, she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography in 2015.
 In 2016, she played Sandy in the live Fox television production of "".
The Whole Town's Talking (released in the UK as Passport to Fame) is a 1935 American comedy film starring Edward G. Robinson as a law-abiding man who bears a striking resemblance to a killer, with Jean Arthur as his love interest.
 It was directed by John Ford from a screenplay by Jo Swerling and Robert Riskin based on a story by W.R. Burnett originally published in Collier's in August 1932.
 Burnett was also the author of the source material for Robinson's screen break-through, "Little Caesar".
 The film "The Whole Town's Talking" (1926) has no story connection to this film.
 The story was remade in 1998 as the Bollywood film "Duplicate".
Top Hat is a 1935 American screwball musical comedy film in which Fred Astaire plays an American dancer named Jerry Travers, who comes to London to star in a show produced by Horace Hardwick (Edward Everett Horton).
 He meets and attempts to impress Dale Tremont (Ginger Rogers) to win her affection.
 The film also features Eric Blore as Hardwick's valet Bates, Erik Rhodes as Alberto Beddini, a fashion designer and rival for Dale's affections, and Helen Broderick as Hardwick's long-suffering wife Madge.
Kathryn Doby is an American dancer, actresses, choreographer, and assistant to Bob Fosse.
 She made her Broadway debut in the ensemble of Fosse’s "Sweet Charity" in January 1966 at the Palace Theatre in Times Square.
 Aside from her performance in the musical "Gregory" (1970), Doby’s work on Broadway continued with Fosse as a Player and Dance Captain in "Pippin" (1972) and as an assistant to Mr. Fosse for "Chicago" (1975) and "Dancin’" (1978).
 Her film credits include "The Night They Raided Minsky's" - “Minsky Girl” (1968), "The Handmaid's Tale (film)" - Aunt Elizabeth (1990), and again worked with Fosse as a dancer in "Sweet Charity" (1969), "Cabaret" – Kit Kat Dancer (1972), and "All That Jazz" – Kathryn (1979).
 She also re-set the Fosse direction and choreography for the 1981 stage production of "Pippin", starring Ben Vereen, William Katt, and Chita Rivera that was filmed for TV.
 She was also slated to recreate the choreography for "Dancin" to be revived by the Roundabout Theatre Company in 2009.
 This production was postponed and, as of the date of this entry, does not have a projected start date.
 In 2012 Doby returned to New York from her home in California to restage the "Dancin’" Act One finale, “Beat Me Daddy Eight to the Bar” for the American Dance Machine for the 21st Century (ADM21).
 She was joined by original cast members Lloyd Culbreath, Valarie Pettiford, Cady Huffman, Roumel Reaux, and Candace Tovar.
Women Talking Dirty is a 1999 Scottish comedy film starring Helena Bonham Carter and Gina McKee.
 It is an adaptation of the novel "Women Talking Dirty", written by Isla Dewar who wrote the screenplay as well.
 The film was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival on 17 September 1999 and released on 7 December 2001 in the UK.
I Love Melvin is a 1953 American Technicolor MGM musical and dancing comedy film directed by Don Weis starring Donald O'Connor and Debbie Reynolds.
Donald David Dixon Ronald O’Connor (August 28, 1925 – September 27, 2003) was an American dancer, singer, and actor who came to fame in a series of movies in which he co-starred alternately with Gloria Jean, Peggy Ryan, and Francis the Talking Mule.
