Summer Nights is the debut residency show by Australian recording artist, Olivia Newton-John.
 The show takes place in the Donny & Marie Showroom, at the Flamingo Las Vegas.
 The show began April 2014 and is slated to complete September 2015.
The Shakori Hills Grassroots Festival is a music and dance festival that takes place each spring and fall in Silk Hope, North Carolina, near Chapel Hill.
 The festival takes place on a 75 acre farmstead which is managed by Shakori Hills Community Arts Center Inc. a non-profit organization.
 The festival has been held twice annually since 2003.
 It is associated with and modeled after the larger Finger Lakes Grassroots Festival that takes place near Trumansburg, New York each summer.
HalloWeekends is an annual Halloween event at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.
 It was introduced in 1997, and takes place during the Halloween season, usually from the second Friday after Labor Day until the Sunday before Halloween.
 The event is open on Friday nights, Saturdays and Sundays.
 It is included free with park admission.
 As of 2014, HalloWeekends features 11 haunted houses and nighttime scare zones, and there are several children's attractions including a parade that takes place on the main midway.
 It is advised that children under 13 years old be accompanied by an adult.
 HalloWeekend's yearly slogan is "All You Fear is Here!"
.
 Other Cedar Fair parks including Dorney Park, Valley Fair, and Worlds of Fun all have formerly used the HalloWeekends name.
 The name has changed to Halloween Haunt at all 3 parks.
 Cedar Point is the only Cedar Fair park that still uses the HalloWeekends name.
Masters of Rock is a large heavy metal festival in the Czech Republic.
 The main styles represented on this festival are power, speed and heavy metal, though the production tries to make the fest more open for other rock and metal styles as progressive rock/metal, hardcore, death metal or even ska.
 It takes place in Vizovice, Czech Republic and in the past has featured bands such as Tarja Turunen, Manowar, Sweet, Twisted Sister, HammerFall, Stratovarius, Helloween, Gamma Ray, Nightwish, Rhapsody of Fire, Kreator, Edguy, Rage, Apocalyptica, Within Temptation, Children of Bodom, Avantasia, Accept, Dream Theater, Sebastian Bach, Behemoth, Amon Amarth and many more.
 The 2005 attendance was over 20,000, the 2006 one over 25,000 and finally the 2007 was over 30,000.
 The festival is held every summer and the Winter morphosis takes place in November in the town of Zlín.
 Since 2010 the main stage of summer festival is named after Ronnie James Dio, who died earlier that year.
The Challenge Casino de Charlevoix is an annual bonspiel, or curling tournament, that takes place at the Aréna de Clermont and the Club de curling Nairn in Clermont, Québec.
 The tournament is held in a triple-knockout format.
 The tournament, sponsored by Casino de Charlevoix, has been held every year since its inception in 2003 as part of the World Curling Tour.
 The Challenge Casino de Charlevoix, along with the Challenge Casino Lac Leamy, is one of the few major curling events in Québec.
The Parachico or Parachicos are traditional dancers from Chiapa de Corzo, Chiapas, Mexico, who dance on the streets of the town during the Great Feast festivity, which takes place from January 15 to 23 every year.
 The festivity takes place in honor of the local patron saints Black Christ of Esquipulas, Saint Anthony Abbot and Saint Sebastian.
It is claimed locally, as many of the Catholic festivals are, in Latin America, to have its roots in the much older indigenous culture.
 So it has developed into a hybrid of old indigenous culture and newer Catholic and Spanish cultures.
 The church where the festival concludes is home to an old tree, which is said to represent the "tree of life" (drawing on Maya and other pre-Hispanic American cultures), which is claimed locally to predate the church, which would suggest that this site was used for ceremonies before the arrival of Catholicism.
 Honoring the mother of the cured boy (for the feast) is also locally explained, why on certain nights during the festival, the town's men dress as women and parade through the streets.
Jason Edwards: an Average Man is an 1892 novel by American author Hamlin Garland.
 First published by the Arena Publishing Company in Boston, the novel is divided into two parts entitled "The Mechanic" and "The Farmer", respectively.
 There are two major settings that accompany each section.
 In the first part, the setting is in Boston and then moves to Boomtown, a prairie town in the Midwest, in the second part.
 The book takes place over a period of ten years, beginning in 1879 and finishing in 1889, but an important part of the novel takes place in 1884 as well.
 Most scenes written about in the novel are set in the summer months.
 "Jason Edwards" takes place during the Gilded Age in American History.
The Minnesota Institute for Talented Youth (also known simply as MITY, pronounced "mighty") is an institute that offers extracurricular options for gifted and talented students.
 It is takes place at Macalester College in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
 Founded in 1967, MITY has become relatively large and has three different programs for primary education and secondary education students.
 The three programs, YES (Your Extraordinary Saturday), ExplorSchool, and Expand Your Mind, each deal with a separate age group of students, and often share staff members and class styles.
 YES is for students in grades 1-4, and takes place on Saturdays during the school year.
 ExplorSchool is offered for students in grades 4-6, and it takes place during the summer, with classes being held Monday through Friday over a two-week period.
 Expand Your Mind (which many veteran students refer to simply as MITY, due to its popularity) is offered for students in grades 7-12, and takes place during the summer with classes held Monday through Friday over a similar two-week period at Macalester College.
The Acropolis International Basketball Tournament (also known as the Acropolis of Athens Basketball Tournament and the Acropolis Basketball Cup) (Greek: Τουρνουά Ακρόπολις) is an international basketball competition that is played between national teams, which has been held almost every year since 1986, and takes place in Athens, Greece, during the summer.
 It takes place before the big official FIBA tournaments like the EuroBasket, the FIBA World Cup, and the Summer Olympic Games.
 The tournament is named after the world-famous Acropolis of Athens.
 The competition is played under FIBA rules.
Bedikas Chametz, or Bedikat Chametz (from: in Hebrew, Tiberian: ] ) is the search before the Jewish Holiday of Pesach for Chametz.
 The search takes place after nightfall on the evening before Pesach ("the night of the 14th of the Hebrew month of Nisan, as stated in the Mishnah tractate Pesachim").
 When Pesach starts on Saturday night, Bedikas Chametz takes place on Thursday night (two nights before Pesach).
