Dan Regan is a former trombone player for the Southern California-based ska punk band Reel Big Fish.
 He joined the band in 1994 and retired in October 2013.
 Regan has also played trombone in The Littlest Man Band with Scott Klopfenstein (formerly of Reel Big Fish) and currently has a hip-hop side project under the alias Black Casper.
 He was the second longest lasting member of Reel Big Fish from 1994 until October 2013.
 He currently is starting a brewery in Long Beach, California.
Peter Jeremy Lewis (born March 22, 1969) was the president and CEO of Big Fish Games, a developer, producer and distributor of casual games on a number of platforms, including PC, Mac, Facebook, iPhone, iPad and Nintendo DS.
 Lewis, who is known as Jeremy, graduated from Amherst College and worked as a managing director at Goldman Sachs prior to joining Big Fish Games.
 As president and CEO of Big Fish Games, he led the company in a first round of financing, raising $83.6 million from Balderton Capital, General Catalyst Partners, and Salmon River Capital.
 The common stock financing was the largest venture financing deal in Washington state that year and the biggest ever for a U.S. online gaming company.
Duet All Night Long is a split EP release by Reel Big Fish and Zolof the Rock & Roll Destroyer.
 It contains six cover songs of which three are performed by each band.
 Both Rachel Minton of Zolof the Rock & Roll Destroyer and Aaron Barrett of Reel Big Fish sing on every track, hence the title of the EP.
 On "Say Say Say", however, the male vocalist is Scott Klopfenstein (the backing singer and trumpeter of Reel Big Fish) instead of Aaron Barrett.
 Klopfenstein also appears in his usual backing role, including a small bit of the lead during "It's Not Easy".
Mystery Case Files: Escape From Ravenhearst is an adventure-puzzle casual game developed by Big Fish Studios and distributed by Big Fish Games.
 It is the eight installment in the "Mystery Case Files" series and third and supposed to be the final installment in the Ravenhearst story-arc.
 The game is available exclusively on the Big Fish Games website
Catching the Big Fish: Meditation, Consciousness, and Creativity, a book by film director David Lynch, is an autobiography and self-help guide comprising 84 vignette-like chapters.
 Lynch comments on a wide range of topics “from metaphysics to the importance of screening your movie before a test audience.”
 "Catching the Big Fish" was inspired by Lynch's experiences with Transcendental Meditation (TM), which he began practicing in 1973.
 In the book, Lynch writes about his approach to filmmaking and other creative arts.
 "Catching the Big Fish" was published by Tarcher on December 28, 2006.
Hidden Expedition is a series of single player hidden object casual games developed by the internal studios of Big Fish Games for the first five installments (using Big Fish Games Framework as the engine, and with the help of Flood Light Games in the 5th game), and by Eipix Entertainment for all subsequent installments.
 As of September 2017, a total of fifteen games in the series have been released.
 The Hidden Expedition series marks the second major hidden object game brand from Big Fish Games.
 The second game in the series, "Hidden Expedition: Everest", would go on to be the first game Big Fish released to the iPhone.
Mystery Case Files: Dire Grove is an interactive movie puzzle adventure game developed by Big Fish Studios, and distributed by Big Fish Games.
 It is the sixth installment in the "Mystery Case Files" series.
 The game is available exclusively at Big Fish Games website.
 The "Mystery Case Files" franchise is the number one brand in casual games and has sold more than 2.5 million units to date.
Aaron Asher Barrett (born August 30, 1974) is the lead singer, lead guitarist, and primary songwriter of the American ska-punk band Reel Big Fish.
 Prior to forming Reel Big Fish, Barrett played trombone in another ska-punk act, The Scholars, along with future Reel Big Fish bandmates Scott Klopfenstein and Grant Barry.
Our Live Album Is Better than Your Live Album is a 2-disc live album by ska-punk band Reel Big Fish composed of both an extended length Reel Big Fish live set list, and a DVD of a March 2006 live show that also includes documentary footage on the band.
 The DVD portion was directed by Jonathan London, who previously directed the music video for their song "Don't Start A Band".
 Previews of the album can be heard on Reel Big Fish's MySpace.
 It is currently available for download at Rock Ridge Music and iTunes and was released in stores on August 22, 2006.
 The booklet included in the kit notes that the album is dedicated to Desmond Dekker.
International fast-food restaurant chain Burger King and its Australian franchise Hungry Jack's have had a variety of fish sandwiches in their product portfolio since 1975.
 The Whaler sandwich was the first iteration, designed to compete with rival burger-chain McDonald's Filet-O-Fish sandwich.
 With the addition of the company's Specialty Sandwich line in 1978, the sandwich was reformulated as the Long Fish sandwich.
 With the discontinuation of the Specialty Sandwich line, the sandwich was returned to its original recipe and name.
 With the introduction of the company's BK Broiler chicken sandwich in 1990, the fish sandwich became tied to the development cycle of the broiled chicken sandwich and was again reformulated and renamed as the Ocean Catch Fish fillet.
 When the broiled chicken sandwich underwent another reformulation in 2002, the fish sandwich was also redone and renamed as the BK Big Fish sandwich.
 By 2015, the sandwich had undergone several more modifications and went through a series of names including the BK Fish and Premium Alaskan fish sandwich.
 It is currently sold as the BK Big Fish sandwich in the United States and Canada.
 Internationally the fish sandwich is also known as the BK Fish, BK Fish'n Crisp burger and Fish Royale in those markets.
