Clemence Annie Housman (23 November 1861 – 6 December 1955) was an author, illustrator and activist in the women's suffrage movement.
 She was the sister of A. E. Housman and Laurence Housman.
 Her novels included "The Were-Wolf", "Unknown Sea" and" The Life of Sir Aglovale De Galis".
 She was also a leading figure in the Suffragette movement.
Frances Nacke Noel (January 5, 1873 – April 24, 1963) was a women’s labor activist and suffragette, and was known as "the most eloquent female orator of Southern California" in the early 20th century.
 Nacke acted as one of the primary female labor and suffrage leaders in the Los Angeles labor movement.
 She was one of the first "progressive activists" to tie to the suffragette movement to the labor movement, thereby achieving mutual goals of emancipation of both women and workers.
 Through her oration and organization, Nacke was a key contributor to the passing of the suffrage movement in Los Angeles.
 A large part of Nacke’s platform throughout her life was compromising the differences between class divisions in the labor movement.
Elsie Plant (1890–1982) was a suffragette, socialist and birth control activist.
 She lived most of her life in Stockport, seven miles from Manchester.
 She was an enthusiastic campaigner of the suffrage movement.
 Following her campaigning as a suffragette, she and her husband became key figures in Stockport's Labour Fellowship.
 She had three daughters: Aileen, Roma and Joyce.
 Aileen became a nursery school head teacher and traveller; Roma was a business woman and retail owner, and Joyce was a writer, teacher and philosopher.
Sanna Kannasto (née Kallio, born 1878, died 1968) was a Finnish Canadian labour activist and feminist.
 With A.T. Hill and Aku Päiviö she was one of the key figures in the Finnish Canadian socialist movement of the early 1900s.
 Authorities considered Kannasto as one of the most dangerous agitators in Canada.
 She was also active in the Canadian suffragette movement.
William – an Englishman is a 1919 novel by Cicely Hamilton.
 The novel explores the effect of the First World War on a married couple during the rise of Socialism and the Suffragette movement.
 It was originally published by Skeffington & Son before being reprinted by Persephone Books in 1999.
 Described as 'a passionate assertion of the futility of war' by The Spectator, "William - an Englishman" won the first Prix Femina-Vie Heureuse Anglais prize in 1920.
Suffrajitsu: Mrs. Pankhurst's Amazons is a graphic novel trilogy published by Jet City Comics, portraying the adventures of an all-women secret society of bodyguards who protect the leaders of the radical suffragette movement during early 1914.
Estelle Sylvia Pankhurst (5 May 1882 – 27 September 1960) was an English campaigner for the suffragette movement, a prominent left communist and, later, an activist in the cause of anti-fascism.
The Museum of Motherhood, also known as M.O.M, was conceived in 2003 and first opened to the public on Main St. in Dobbs Ferry, NY with a small exhibition gallery.
 The focus of the museum is to explore and understand American mothers, fathers, and families.
 M.O.M. was founded under the non-profit Motherhood Foundation Inc. 501c3, and has participated in events throughout New York state, including a village-wide display called "The Moms of Rock" in Seneca Falls, home of the Suffragette Movement (2010), as well as family activities each year at the Museum Mile Festival in New York City.
Gertrude Menzies Harding (1889-1977) was a suffragette born on a farm in rural Canada.
 She happened to arrive in London, England, in 1912 at the height of the militant suffragette movement, which she quickly joined, one of only a handful of Canadians to do so.
 Gert Harding remained as one of the highest-ranking and longest-lasting members of this organization, the Women's Social and Political Union.
 British women were granted a partial vote in 1918.
Mary Lowndes (1856–1929) was a British stained-glass artist who co-founded Lowndes and Drury, the partnership that built The Glass House studio, Fulham.
 She was also a poster artist, in particular connected with her active participation in the suffragette movement.
 Lowndes was a leading light in the Arts and Crafts movement and chair of the Artists' Suffrage League (ASL).
