The Wet Hot American Summer series is an American satirical comedy film and two Netflix series' directed by David Wain and written by Wain and Michael Showalter.
 The series features an ensemble cast, including Janeane Garofalo, Molly Shannon, Paul Rudd, Christopher Meloni, Michael Showalter (and various other members of MTV's sketch comedy group The State), Elizabeth Banks, Ken Marino, Michael Ian Black, Bradley Cooper, Amy Poehler, Zak Orth, David Hyde Pierce and A. D. Miles.
 The film takes place during the last full day at a fictional summer camp in 1981, and spoofs the sex comedies aimed at teen audiences of that era.
 The first Netflix series was a prequel to the film focusing on the first day of camp in 1981.
 The second Netflix series sees the camp counselors return to Camp Firewood 10 years later, as originally planned in the final scene of the 2001 film.
Claire Temple is a character portrayed by Rosario Dawson in the television series of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), based on the comic characters Claire Temple and Night Nurse.
 A nurse who gives medical aid to vigilantes, she first appeared in the first season of "Daredevil" (2015–).
 Dawson then signed a deal to return for the second season of the series, as well as potentially appear in any other Marvel Netflix series.
 She has since reprised the role in "Jessica Jones", "Luke Cage", "Iron Fist", and "The Defenders".
 The character has also appeared in a "Jessica Jones" tie-in comic.
Azie Mira Dungey is an American actress, comedian and writer.
 She wrote and played the lead role in the comedic web series "Ask a Slave," and is currently, ". . .writing a book as a follow-up to the series."
 Dungey is also currently a writer for the Netflix series "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt", produced by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock.
"Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" is an American sitcom created by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock, starring Ellie Kemper in the title role, that has streamed on Netflix since March 6, 2015.
 Originally set for a 13-episode first season on NBC for spring 2015, the show was sold to Netflix and given a two-season order.
Brenda Bennett (born Brenda Elizabeth Claire Siobhan; 24 January 1962) is a British-American singer from Scotland.
 She is best known as a member of the American group Vanity 6 who married the musician Prince's set-designer Roy Bennett, and then became Prince's "wardrobe mistress."
 She started off in a CBS Records band called Ken Lyon and Tombstone which toured with Mott the Hoople and Queen.
 Years later, through Roy Bennett, Prince gave her a "tough-girl, cigarette-smoking" persona and enlisted her in a girlgroup, Vanity 6, that he was attempting to create in 1982.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is an American television sitcom created by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock, starring Ellie Kemper in the title role, that has streamed on Netflix since March 6, 2015.
 Originally set for a 13-episode first season on NBC for spring 2015, the show was sold to Netflix and given a two-season order.
Elizabeth Claire Liddell (b. 24 May ?)
 is a Scottish pianist and composer.
 She was born in Glasgow and studied at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow and the Royal College of Music in London with Andrew Lloyd Webber.
Sam Means is an American comedy writer.
 He won three Emmy awards for his work on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart", and wrote for both "30 Rock" and "Parks and Recreation" on NBC.
 He is currently a writer and producer on the Netflix series "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt".
Elizabeth Claire Kemper (born May 2, 1980) is an American actress and comedian.
 She gained prominence when she starred in the NBC series "The Office" as receptionist Erin Hannon for the final five seasons.
 After her role in "The Office", she was cast in a leading role as Kimmy Schmidt in the Netflix comedy series "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt", for which she has received critical acclaim.
 Kemper is also known for her supporting roles in the films "Bridesmaids" (2011) and "21 Jump Street" (2012).
Jonathan Edward "Jon" Bernthal (born September 20, 1976) is an American actor best known for his television role as Shane Walsh on the AMC series "The Walking Dead" and film roles in "The Wolf of Wall Street" (2013), "Fury" (2014), "Sicario" (2015), "The Accountant" (2016), "Baby Driver" (2017), & "Wind River" (2017).
 He portrayed LAPD Detective Joe Teague in "Mob City" and Frank Castle (a.k.a.
 The Punisher) in the Netflix series "Daredevil", and is set to reprise the latter role in the Netflix series "The Punisher".
