Ryan Joseph Ramos Rizada, better known as R.J. Rizada, (born October 5, 1982 in Davao) is a Filipino former professional basketball player who played in the Philippine Basketball Association.
 He was the twelfth overall pick in the 2006 PBA Draft.
 He played for the Ateneo de Davao Blue Knights for a year and was recruited by the Far Eastern University Tamaraws after he was scouted in the University games.
The Ateneo de Manila University (Filipino: "Pamantasang Ateneo de Manila;" Spanish:" Universidad Ateneo de Manila") is a private research university in Quezon City, Philippines.
 Founded in 1859 by the Society of Jesus, the Ateneo is the third-oldest university in the Philippines.
 Ateneo offers elementary and secondary education exclusively to male students (and has recently opened the Senior High School to girls).
 The undergraduate and graduate programmes are coeducational and organized into four schools, collectively known as the Loyola Schools, which are located at its main campus at Loyola Heights.
 Four professional schools occupy campuses in different parts of Metro Manila.
The Ateneo de Davao University is a private teaching, service and research university run by the Society of Jesus in Davao City in the Philippines.
 It is also known by the acronym AdDU.
 It was established in 1948, and is the seventh Ateneo opened by the Jesuits in the Philippines.
 The university has five undergraduate schools, namely the School of Arts and Sciences, School of Business and Governance, School of Engineering and Architecture, School of Education and the School of Nursing.
 The graduate programs are under these units as well.
 The College of Law is a separate unit within the university.
 The university also runs a grade school and high school.
The Ateneo de Iloilo – Santa Maria Catholic School (AdI–SMCS), (), is a private, Catholic, Chinese Filipino preparatory school run by the Philippine Province of the Society of Jesus in Iloilo City, Philippines.
 Ateneo de Iloilo began in 1958 as a parochial school named Santa Maria Catholic School.
 In 2004, the school was officially recognized as a Jesuit school separate from the parish and was renamed Ateneo de Iloilo - Santa Maria Catholic School.
 It is the eighth Jesuit school in the Philippines to be named Ateneo.
 Ateneo de Iloilo is a K-12 school and its curriculum includes a Chinese language program.
The Ateneo de Tuguegarao was a Catholic college in Tuguegarao, Cagayan, Philippines run by the Society of Jesus.
 It was established in 1945 when the Jesuits took over the administration of the diocesan secondary school, "Cagayan Valley Atheneum".
 The Jesuits renamed the school Ateneo de Tuguegarao after taking control.
 Ateneo de Tuguegarao had a high school and college departments.
 It was the fifth Ateneo that the Jesuits established in the Philippines.
 In 1962, the school was closed when the Jesuits left Tuguegarao.
Joel E. Tabora (born September 26, 1947, Manila, Philippines) is a Jesuit priest and the president of Ateneo de Davao University.
 He demonstrated a commitment to "whole person formation", social justice and spirituality.
Tanghalang Ateneo, the longest-running theater company of the Loyola Schools, Ateneo de Manila University, weaves into its work the theatrical traditions of the University’s sesquicentennial past: the devotion of the "salon de actos" at the "Escuela Municipal", the eloquence of the Ateneo Dramatics Guild, the "joie de vivre" of the Ateneo Players Theater, and the innovative spirit of the Ateneo Experimental Theater.
 Like these companies, Tanghalang Ateneo uses theater to foster "eloquentia", "sapientia", and "humanitas" – the pillars of Jesuit pedagogy.
 It sees itself as a theater company in the service of student formation, and by extension – given the Jesuit ideal of "magis" – a theater in service of the nation.
Lex Talionis Fraternitas, Inc.
 Sodalitas Ducum Futurorum is an exclusive fraternal organization of Filipino jurists, legal practitioners and law students founded on September 29, 1969 at the San Beda College of Law.
 A chapter in the Ateneo de Davao University School of Law was established in 1974.
 In 1983, the Securities and Exchange Commission granted the incorporation of the fraternity.
He was born in Iloilo but spent most of his life in Davao.
 He went to school at the Davao City High School and graduated in 1955.
 He earned his BA English degree at the Ateneo de Davao University where he graduated cum laude in 1959.
 He later received his MA in English from Xavier University in 1970 and went on to receive his PhD in English and Literature with a specialization in creative writing from Silliman University in 1981 where he later on served as professor and chairperson of the English Department.
The Ateneo de Manila University Law School (often referred to as Ateneo Law School) is the law school of the Ateneo de Manila University, a private Jesuit university in the Philippines.
 It was founded in 1936, in the Padre Faura St., Ermita, Manila campus of the Ateneo, where it remained even after the college, graduate school, and basic education units moved to Loyola Heights, Quezon City in the 1950s.
 In 1977, it moved to Salcedo Village in Makati, and in 1998, transferred to its present location in Makati's Rockwell Center.
 Its current Dean is alumnus Sedfrey Candelaria who succeeded Cesar L. Villanueva.
 Its patron saint is Thomas More.
