President of the General Council of Corrèze and former First Secretary of the French Socialist Party François Hollande launched his campaign in March 2011 to become the Socialist and Radical Left Party candidate for the 2012 French presidential election and announced that he would be contesting the presidential primary.
 Hollande made the announcement that he was running for President following his re-election as a department executive.
 On 16 October 2011, he won the Socialist and Radical Left Party nomination with more than 56% of the votes over First Secretary Martine Aubry, following a long campaign.
 On 22 April, he topped the ballot in the first round of voting in the presidential election, and on 6 May he defeated the incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy in the second round run-off, becoming the new President of France.
The Radical Left Front (Greek: Μέτωπο Ριζοσπαστικής Αριστεράς , "Metopo Rizospastikis Aristeras", MERA) was a coalition of radical left political parties in Greece.
ROZA (Greek: Ομάδα ΡΟΖΑ ) is a radical left political party in Greece that is part of the Coalition of the Radical Left.
Johan Henrik Deuntzer (20 May 1845 – 16 November 1918) was a Danish politician, member of the Liberal "Venstre" party until 1905 where he joined the Danish Social Liberal Party.
 He was Council President and Foreign Minister of Denmark from 1901 to 1905 as the leader of the Cabinet of Deuntzer.
The term political radicalism (or simply, in political science, radicalism) denotes political principles focused on altering social structures through revolutionary or other means and changing value systems in fundamental ways.
 Derived from the Latin "radix" (root), the denotation of radical has changed since its eighteenth-century coinage to comprehend the entire political spectrum—yet it retains the "change at the root" connotation fundamental to revolutionary societal change.
 Historically, radicalism has referred exclusively to the radical left (under the single category of far-left politics) and rarely incorporating far-right politics - though these may have revolutionary elements; the prominent exception is in the United States where some consider radicalism to include both political extremes of the radical left and the radical right.
 In traditional labels of the spectrum of political thought, the opposite of radical on the "right" of the political spectrum is termed "reactionary".
The Radical Left ("Gauche radicale") was a French parliamentary group in the Chamber of Deputies of France during the French Third Republic.
 The Radical Left was formed by members of the Independent Radicals.
After the 1901 Danish Folketing election, the Council President Johan Henrik Deuntzer of the Venstre Reform Party became the leader of Denmark's first liberal government.
 The resulting cabinet, which replaced the Cabinet of Sehested consisting of member of the conservative party Højre, was formed on 24 July 1901 and was called the Cabinet of Deuntzer.
 The formation of the new cabinet is referred to in Danish as "systemskiftet", the shift of government.
Ecological Intervention (Greek: Οικολογική Παρέμβαση ) was a political party in Greece that was part of the Coalition of the Radical Left.
 It was created in February 2007 and participated in the Coalition of the Radical Left.
 The party was created by initiative of Greek ecologists, environmentalist and social movement "Hoop of the People" and independent activists of political ecology.
The Coalition of the Radical Left (Greek: Συνασπισμός Ριζοσπαστικής Αριστεράς , "Synaspismós Rizospastikís Aristerás " ), mostly known by the syllabic abbreviation Syriza (a Greek adverb meaning "from the roots" or "radically", and sometimes styled "SY.RIZ.A."
; Greek: ΣΥΡΙΖΑ , ] ), is a left-wing political party in Greece, founded in 2004 as a coalition of left-wing and radical left parties.
 It is the largest party in the Hellenic Parliament, with party chairman Alexis Tsipras serving as Prime Minister of Greece from 26 January 2015 to 20 August 2015 and from 21 September 2015 to present.
ERAS (Committee for a Radical Left Rally, "Επιτροπή για μια Ριζοσπαστική Αριστερή Συσπείρωση") was a far-left organisation in the Republic of Cyprus.
 It was founded in 2011 by communist and socialist activists in an attempt to organise the people of the radical left in Cyprus.
 Due to internal disagreement between its various factions ERAS was eventually dissolved in 2014, with one faction forming the bi-communal group "ΔΡΑΣυ-Eyelem" and participating in the Cypriot European Elections of the same year.
