The Christ Of Nanjing () is a 1995 erotic romantic drama film directed by Tony Au, starring Tony Leung Ka-fai and Yasuko Tomita.
 The film is based on the work of famed Japanese novelist Akutagawa Ryunosuke.
 Tomita won the award for best actress at 1995 Tokyo International Film Festival for her performance in the film.
Cold War is a 2012 Hong Kong police thriller film directed by Sunny Luk and Longman Leung, starring Aaron Kwok and Tony Leung Ka-fai, and guest starring Andy Lau.
 The film was selected as the opening film at the 17th Busan International Film Festival and released in Hong Kong, Macau, and mainland China on 8 November 2012.
Eye in the Sky () is a 2007 Hong Kong crime film starring Simon Yam, Tony Leung Ka-fai and Miss Hong Kong pageant winner Kate Tsui in her film debut.
 Yam and Tsui play surveillance operatives on the trail of a gang of professional robbers led by Chan Chong-Shan (Leung).
 The title is derived from the casino surveillance tech "eye in the sky".
 It marks the directorial debut of Yau Nai-hoi, a long-time screenwriter for films directed by Johnnie To, who co-produced the film with his production company Milkyway Image.
 "Eye in the Sky" premiered as an Official Selection at the 2007 Berlin International Film Festival, and as an Opening Film at the Hong Kong International Film Festival.
 It was released in Hong Kong on 21 June 2007.
Tony Leung Ka-fai (; born 1 February 1958) is a Hong Kong actor who is a four-time winner of the Hong Kong Film Award.
Tom, Dick and Hairy is a 1993 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Lee Chi-ngai and Peter Chan and starring Tony Leung Chiu-wai, Tony Leung Ka-fai and Lawrence Cheng as the three titular protagonists.
The Twins Effect II is a 2004 Hong Kong action fantasy film directed by Corey Yuen and Patrick Leung.
 The film is a sequel to "The Twins Effect" (2003), but has a completely different story from the first film.
 It starred Charlene Choi and Gillian Chung of Cantopop duo Twins in the leading roles.
 Co-stars include Donnie Yen, Daniel Wu, Edison Chen, Wilson Chen, Tony Leung Ka-fai, Qu Ying, Fan Bingbing and Jim Chim.
 Jackie Chan also makes a cameo appearance, along with his son Jaycee Chan who is in his debut.
 The film's original English working title was Huadu Chronicles: Blade of Rose and its US DVD release title is Blade of Kings.
The New Zealand Castrol Six Hour Race was an endurance motorcycle race that was held for fifteen years at Manfeild, Palmerston North from 1974 to 1988.
 Many of New Zealand's top international riders competed at the Six Hour race; winners included Dave Hiscock (5-time winner), Neil Chivas (4-time winner), Graeme Crosby (3-time winner), Aaron Slight (2-time winner), and Ginger Molloy (first winner).
 The race was characterised by its exclusive use of unmodified standard production motorcycles and a running start where the racers had to run to their machines before they could start.
 There was special provisions that the machines were no older than 3 years old, which was a boon to the motorcycle industry in New Zealand at the time which saw a dramatic rise in the sale of Motorcycles after these events.
Her Fatal Ways is a 1990 Hong Kong crime-comedy film.
 It is directed and written by Alfred Cheung Kin Ting and stars Carol "Dodo" Cheng, Tony Leung Ka-Fai, Sunny Fang Kang, Michael Chow, Sheila Chan and the Director himself.
 The film won the 10th Hong Kong Film Award for the Best Actress.
He Ain't Heavy, He's My Father, also known as He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother (新難兄難弟), is a 1993 Hong Kong comedy-drama film directed by Peter Chan and Lee Chi-ngai and starring Tony Leung Ka-fai, Tony Leung Chiu-wai, Carina Lau, Anita Yuen and Lawrence Cheng.
 The title is a pun of "He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother", a hit single for The Hollies in 1969 and for Neil Diamond in 1970.
Always Be the Winners is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jacky Pang and starring Tony Leung Chiu-Wai, Tony Leung Ka-fai, Eric Tsang, Sandra Ng, Ekin Cheng and Charine Chan.
 The film was released during the Chinese New Year period of 1994 to celebrate the holidays.
