Emmanuel Muhammad (February 3, 1921 - September 14, 1998) was the oldest son of Elijah Muhammad, and a leader in the Nation of Islam (NOI).
 He was known for receiving a 5-year prison term for refusal to serve in the World War II.
 He told the court "I hope the Japs win the war.
 Then all the Negroes will be free!"
 While in prison, he preached on behalf of the NOI.
Warith Deen Mohammed (born Wallace D. Muhammad; October 30, 1933 – September 9, 2008), also known as "W. Deen Mohammed" or "Imam W. Deen Muhammad", was a progressive African American Muslim leader, theologian, philosopher, Muslim revivalist, and Islamic thinker (1975–2008) who disbanded the original Nation of Islam (NOI) in 1976 and transformed it into an orthodox mainstream Islamic movement, the World Community of Al-Islam in the West which later became the American Society of Muslims.
 He was a son of Elijah Muhammad, the leader of the Nation of Islam from 1933 to 1975.
Louis Farrakhan Sr. (born Louis Eugene Walcott; May 11, 1933, and formerly known as Louis X) is an American religious leader, African-American activist, and social commentator.
 He is the leader of the religious group Nation of Islam (NOI) and served as the minister of major mosques in Boston and Harlem, and was appointed by the longtime NOI leader, Elijah Muhammad, as the National Representative of the Nation of Islam.
Last Date is a live Emmylou Harris album, released in October 1982.
 Recorded at a series of honky tonks and other small venues on the west coast, Harris conceived the album as a showcase for her Hot Band.
 It was composed mostly of country standards.
 Harris reached #1 on the U.S. country charts with the title single, written by Floyd Cramer, who originally took it to the top ten on the U.S. pop and country charts, as an instrumental in 1960.
 In 2000, Eminent Records reissued "Last Date" for the first time on CD, complete with new liner notes and two bonus tracks.
Ava Muhammad (born 1951) is an American Black Muslim.
 In 1998 she became the first female Minister to preside over a mosque and region in the history of the NOI.
 Her job as national spokesperson for Minister Farrakhan is among the most prominent in the nation — a post formerly held by Malcolm X under Nation of Islam patriarch Elijah Muhammad.
 Minister Ava Muhammad is also a member of the Muslim Girls Training (MGT).
 In addition to administering day-to-day affairs at the mosque Muhammad was named Southern Regional Minister, giving her jurisdiction over Nation of Islam mosque activity in Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and parts of Tennessee.
Elijah Muhammad (born Elijah Robert Poole; October 7, 1897 – February 25, 1975) was a black-American religious leader, who led the Nation of Islam (NOI) from 1934 until his death in 1975.
 He was a mentor to Malcolm X, Louis Farrakhan, Muhammad Ali, as well as his own son, Warith Deen Mohammed.
Tynnetta Muhammad (10 May 1941 – 16 February 2015) was a journalist and commentator and columnist.
 In the 1960s, she wrote articles and columns for the Nation of Islam (NOI) newspaper "Muhammad Speaks".
 Having worked as a secretary to Elijah Muhammad, she made it known after his death in 1975 that she was one of his widows.
Message to the Blackman in America is a book published by Nation of Islam leader and Elijah Muhammad in 1965, and reprinted several times since.
 After the death of Elijah Muhammad in 1975, it was first reprinted by UBUS Communications Systems.
 The Official online edition was uploaded by Seventhfam.com in 1997.
 Beginning with a brief autobiography of Muhammad, it also covers his philosophies on race, the religion of Islam, politics, economics, and social issues, and how they relate to the problems of African-Americans.
 The book also covers his own ideology and how he feels the "Blackman" can improve himself in America.
 The book calls for justice under the laws of America;or for America to help settle Black people in a separate land of its own, "either here or elsewhere."
"My Last Date (With You)" is a song written by Boudleaux Bryant, Floyd Cramer, and Skeeter Davis.
 In 1960, Skeeter Davis recorded and released the song as a single for RCA Victor.
 The song was an answer song to Floyd Cramer's country pop crossover hit that year entitled, "Last Date".
 Skeeter Speaks the first two lines in the Bridge section of the song.
Clara Muhammad (November 2, 1899 – August 12, 1972), aka Clara Poole, was born Clara Evans in Macon, Georgia, the daughter of Mary Lou (Thomas) and Quartus Evans.
 She was the first wife of Nation of Islam leader Elijah Muhammad.
 They married in Georgia in 1917, before he changed his name from Elijah Poole.
 Between 1917 and 1939, Elijah and Clara Muhammad had eight children: six boys and two girls, including Warith Deen Muhammad.
