Many inhabitants of Abkhazia are Orthodox Christians, with a significant minority adhering to Islam and a growing population adopting Abkhaz neopaganism, or the "Abkhazian traditional religion".
 The influence of this last has always remained strong and has been experiencing a revival through the 1990s and 2000s.
 By 2016, Abkhaz traditional religion, whose priesthood was institutionalized in 2012, supported and administered by the government of Abkhazia that has contributed to the restoration of tens of sanctuaries, has come to "dominate and prevail" over both Christianity and Islam, and it is likely that it will be proclaimed the official religion of the state in the near future.
Almoharín is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain.
 According to the 2005 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 2050 inhabitants.
 The village is primarily concerned with agriculture with many inhabitants having fincas of olives and figs.
 Almoharin is known as the 'Fig Capital of the World' on account of these figs; black and smooth-textured.
 Both dried figs and chocolate figs are exported worldwide.
 The village also boasts a cheese-making workshop where you can make your own cheese - after milking the sheep.
 There is an accompanying exhibition of the history of sheep and cheese-making in the area.
Purmerend ( ) is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.
 The city is surrounded by polders, such as the Purmer, Beemster and the Wormer.
 The city became the trade center of the region but the population grew relatively slowly.
 Only after 1960 did the population start to grow from around 10,000 to around 80,000 by the 2010s.
 From the 1960s onwards, Purmerend has seen major expansion and continues to do so.
 This expansion has turned Purmerend into a commuter town; many inhabitants of Purmerend (14,200 in 2011), work, go to school or spend their leisure time in Amsterdam.
 Purmerend is part of the Randstad, one of the largest conurbations in Europe.
Bach is a municipality in the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
 It lies in the upper Lechtal and was mentioned first in documents in 1427.
 Many inhabitants commute.
 Otherwise the main source of income is tourism.
Ghayathi with 14022 inhabitants (2005 census) is a town in the Al Gharbia region in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.
 Originally a bedouin settlement, today many inhabitants work in agriculture.
The wildlife of Botswana refers to the flora and fauna of Botswana.
 Botswana is around 90% covered in savanna, varying from shrub savanna in the southwest in the dry areas to tree savanna consisting of trees and grass in the wetter areas.
 Even under the hot conditions of the Kalahari Desert, many different species survive; in fact the country has more than 2500 species of plants and 650 species of trees.
 Vegetation and its wild fruits are also extremely important to rural populations living in the desert and are the principal source of food, fuel and medicine for many inhabitants.
Avedøre is a south-western suburb of Copenhagen located in Hvidovre Municipality.
 The city is mostly made up of concrete blocks and row-housing, but some people residing in Avedøre live in detached single-family houses with gardens.
 One major high-rise block called "Store Hus" (lit.
 English: Grand House) dominates the suburb's skyline.
 The city has a relatively high rate of crime and many inhabitants are unemployed.
 Approximately 16,000 persons live in Avedøre, and approx. 60% of the inhabitants is either immigrant or born by immigrants, mainly from Iraq, Palestine, Lebanon, Spain and Turkey.
 Prior to 1 April 1974, Avedøre was illogically part of Glostrup Municipality, which it does not border but is separated from, but it was combined with neighboring Hvidovre Municipality from that date.
 From the Avedøre railway station, the S-train line A runs to Copenhagen city center.
 Arriving at Copenhagen Central Station takes approximately 15 minutes with the A line train from Avedøre.
Metamorfosi Sotiros (Greek: Μεταμόρφωση Σωτήρος ) is a neighbourhood in the southern part of the city of Patras.
 The area is next to the municipality of Messatida, the subdivision is divided between the two municipalities and then, the communes of Ovrya and Saravali in which are now municipal districts.
 The subdivision was built in 1970 and many inhabitants came from Tritaia.
 It also features the central vegetable shop in Patras.
 The area is the northern part of Demenika.
 Farmlands covers the outer areas as well as a small forest.
Krakau (German) or Krakow (Sorbian) was a small town in what is now the district of Bautzen in Saxony, Germany.
 It was located within the Sorbian area, where many inhabitants traditionally speak the West Slavic Sorbian language, and it shared its name with the much larger Polish city.
 The town was entirely vacated in 1938 when the area became a military training area.
 After the war, the town was briefly repopulated, before the Soviet occupation troops again evicted the inhabitants to resume use of the area for military purposes.
 The town was destroyed.
Saavedra is a barrio (neighbourhood) of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
 It is located in the Northern end of the city, close to Belgrano and Villa Urquiza.
 Its northern border is Avenida General Paz.
 Among the main features of the neighbourhood is the Parque Saavedra (English: Saavedra Park ), which has large picnic areas and sports facilities.
 Many inhabitants of Buenos Aires pass through Saavedra en route to their weekends in the country.
