Demolition is the fourteenth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest, the first in the decade of the 2000s.
 It is the second and final studio album to feature Tim 'Ripper' Owens on vocals.
 It is the only Judas Priest studio album to feature a Parental Advisory label due to some songs featuring profanity: "Machine Man," "Hell Is Home" and "Metal Messiah" all carry explicit markings on the album's iTunes page.
Ten Thousand Fists is the third studio album by American rock band Disturbed.
 It was released on September 20, 2005 and became Disturbed's second consecutive number 1 debut on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States, shipping around 239,000 copies in its opening week.
 It has been certified Platinum by the RIAA and was also the band's second number 1 release in New Zealand.
 It is also the first Disturbed album to not have the Parental Advisory label.
Asylum is the fifth studio album by American metal band Disturbed.
 "Asylum" is meant to take a fresh direction in the band's music career, while remaining consistent with the band's previous albums.
 Most of the lyrical content was inspired by aspects of frontman David Draiman's life prior to making the album.
 The album was released on August 31, 2010 in the United States through Reprise Records.
 A tour in support of the album, titled the Asylum Tour, started in late August 2010.
 "Asylum" is also the third consecutive Disturbed album to not feature the Parental Advisory label (although the deluxe version on iTunes is marked explicit for live versions of their earlier material from "The Sickness").
Pittsburgh Hearts is the third and last in the Trilogy of Terror, a series of three EPs by Pittsburgh alternative hip hop duo, Grand Buffet.
 It's the first release on which they're credited by their real names.
 On previous releases, they had used a variety of stage names.
 The credits of back of the album's artwork, Jarrod announces that he has a daughter named Sugar Marie Weeks.
 The final track "Thank You.
 Goodbye.
 We'll Die."
 is an outro.
 It is where they discuss the album and diss various business.
 They manage to use the word "fuck" 47 times in a little under 3 minutes.
 This was first album in the trilogy, to not have a hidden track.
 It is also their last album to have a parental advisory label on the front cover.
Southern Comfort is the second compilation album (fifth overall) by American R&B and soul singer-songwriter Anthony Hamilton, released April 3, 2007 on Merovingian Music in the United States.
 The album consists of previously unreleased tracks written and recorded by Hamilton between 2000 and 2002, before the release of his debut album, "Comin' from Where I'm From"—similarly to 2005's "Soulife".
 It debuted and peaked at number ninety on the "Billboard" 200 chart during the week of April 21, 2007, dropping off the top one hundred the following week and leaving the chart completely two weeks later.
 It fared better on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and the Top Independent Albums, where it reached numbers thirteen and three respectively.
 It was also his first album to have a Parental Advisory label.
Fush Yu Mang is the debut studio album from the San Jose rock band Smash Mouth, released on July 8, 1997.
 It includes their first major hit, "Walkin' on the Sun".
 The title of the album was taken from a line ("fuck you, man!")
 slurred by Al Pacino in "Scarface".
 (One song, "Padrino", contains the line "I'll take any flick with Al Pacino".)
 On the cover of the album is the band in Greg Camp's '62 Ford Falcon Squire wagon flying through space with an outstretched arm giving the finger.
 The title is written in a stylized, pseudo-Asian font.
 The album also features a cover of War's "Why Can't We Be Friends?
".
 The initial release was given a Parental Advisory label, while later releases were not.
New Jack City, Pt.
 II is the sixth studio album by American rapper Bow Wow.
 It was released on March 31, 2009, by LBW Entertainment and Columbia Records.
 This is Bow Wow's first album to be released on his new label LBW Entertainment, and his first album to be receiving a parental advisory label for "Adult Language".
 The album features guest appearances from Swizz Beatz, Jermaine Dupri, Nelly, Trey Songz, T-Pain, Ron Browz, Dondria and T.I..
Fixed is a remix extended play (EP) as well the second EP by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released on December 7, 1992.
 It is the companion remix disc to "Broken".
 It is the first Nine Inch Nails release to include the Parental Advisory label, as not all certain releases by the band include the label.
 It was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) on March 1, 1995.
Straight to Hell is the third studio album by American country music/punk artist Hank Williams III.
 It was Williams' first release since settling a contract dispute with Curb Records and was one of the first releases on Curb's Bruc Records imprint.
 It was also the first ever country music release to merit both a parental advisory sticker on the package and a clean version of the album for more conservative retail outlets like Wal-Mart, due to language more suited to Williams' punk rock side and some repeated drug and alcohol references.
 On his website, Williams encourages fans to support independent record outlets that are more willing to stock the uncensored version of the album.
The Parental Advisory label (abbreviated PAL) is a warning label first introduced by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in 1985 and later adopted by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) in 2011.
 It is placed on audio recordings in recognition of excessive profanities or inappropriate references, with the intention of alerting parents of potentially unsuitable material for younger children.
 The label was first affixed on physical compact discs and cassette tapes, and it has been included on digital listings offered by online music stores to accommodate the growing popularity of the latter platform.
