Angus Alexander Wall (born March 15, 1967) is a film editor and film title designer.
 He and fellow film editor Kirk Baxter won the Academy Award for Best Film Editing for the David Fincher film "The Social Network" (2010) and again the next year for "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" (2011).
 Additionally, he and Baxter were nominated the Academy Award for Best Film Editing, the BAFTA Award for Best Editing, and the American Cinema Editors Eddie Award for the 2008 film "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button", also directed by David Fincher.
 Wall's title design work on the HBO television series "Carnivàle" and "Game of Thrones" both received Emmy Awards in 2004 and 2011, respectively, and his work on the series "Rome's" titles was nominated for the BAFTA Award in 2005.
Nights in Rodanthe is a 2008 American romantic drama film.
 It is an adaptation of Nicholas Sparks' 2002 novel "Nights in Rodanthe".
 The film stars Richard Gere and Diane Lane in their third screen collaboration after "Unfaithful" (2002) and "The Cotton Club" (1984).
 The film is rated PG-13 by the MPAA for "some sensuality" and was released on September 26, 2008.
 It was filmed in the small seaside village of Rodanthe, the northernmost village of the inhabited areas of Hatteras Island as well as North Topsail Beach, North Carolina.
 The film's soundtrack features "Love Remains the Same", a song written by Gavin Rossdale for his 2008 debut solo album, despite the fact that it does not appear in the film.
The Social Network is a 2010 American biographical drama film directed by David Fincher and written by Aaron Sorkin.
 Adapted from Ben Mezrich's 2009 book "The Accidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook, A Tale of Sex, Money, Genius, and Betrayal", the film portrays the founding of social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits.
 It stars Jesse Eisenberg as founder Mark Zuckerberg, along with Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin, Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker, and Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
 Neither Zuckerberg nor any other Facebook staff were involved with the project, although Saverin was a consultant for Mezrich's book.
 The film was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures on October 1, 2010.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a 2008 American romantic fantasy drama film directed by David Fincher.
 The storyline by Eric Roth and Robin Swicord is loosely based on the 1922 short story of the same name by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
 The film stars Brad Pitt as a man who ages in reverse, Cate Blanchett as the love interest throughout his life, and Taraji P. Henson as the woman who raised him.
Sleeping Beauties is a 1999 short comedy film directed by Jamie Babbit.
 It premiered at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival.
 It stars Sarah Lassez as a morgue beautician trying to get over her ex-girlfriend, played by Radha Mitchell.
 Babbit made the film with help from David Fincher and Michael Douglas.
 It played at several film festivals during 1998 and 1999, and was later distributed on a DVD collection of short films by production company POWER UP.
 Babbit won a Channel 4 award for the film.
Two Lovers is a 2008 American romantic drama film, taking its inspiration from Fyodor Dostoyevsky's short story "White Nights", which had already been turned into a film 7 times, first by Luchino Visconti: "Le Notti Bianche" (1957).
 The movie is directed by James Gray and stars Joaquin Phoenix, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Vinessa Shaw.
 It is set in the largely Russian Jewish neighborhood Brighton Beach in New York City, as was Gray's first movie "Little Odessa".
 "Two Lovers" premiered in competition at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival in May.
 The movie is Gray's third to enter the competition at this festival.
 It was released on February 13, 2009.
American Teen is a 2008 documentary film directed by Nanette Burstein ("On the Ropes", "The Kid Stays in the Picture") and produced by 57th & Irving.
 It competed in the Documentary Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival, where it received the Directing Award: Documentary.
 Following the Sundance Film Festival, the movie was picked up by Paramount Vantage and was released to general cinema July 25, 2008.
Netflix is an American on-demand internet streaming media provider.
 In 2013 Netflix became the first streaming platform to win a Primetime Emmy Award. "
House of Cards" became the first original online-only web television series to receive major nominations for the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards.
 "House of Cards" scored nine nominations, including Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series.
 Meanwhile its first episode, "Chapter 1", received four nominations becoming the first webisode (online-only episode) of a television series to receive a major Primetime Emmy Award nomination.
 Eigil Bryld won for Outstanding Cinematography for a Single-Camera Series, meanwhile David Fincher won for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series.
 Both, Bryld and Fincher won for the episode "Chapter 1", making it the first Emmy-awarded webisode.
 The Following year "House of Cards" repeated in the category Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series, with Carl Franklin directing "Chapter 14".
 Furthemore the political drama got its first nomination for writing for "Chapter 14", written by Beau Willimon.
Ceán Chaffin is an American film producer who has frequently collaborated with director and husband David Fincher.
 She and her fellow producers were nominated for Academy Award for Best Picture for "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" (2008) and "The Social Network" (2010).
 She won American Film Institute's AFI Awards for these films as well as for "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" (2011).
 Chaffin was nominated for Producers Guild of America's Producers of the Year Awards for the three aforementioned films and was also nominated a British Academy Film Award for "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "The Social Network".
Where the Heart Is is a 2000 American romantic drama film directed by Matt Williams in his film directing debut.
 The filmstars Natalie Portman, Stockard Channing, Ashley Judd, and Joan Cusack with supporting roles done by James Frain, Dylan Bruno, Keith David, and Sally Field.
 The screenplay, written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, is based on the best-selling novel by Billie Letts.
 The film follows five years in the life of Novalee Nation, a pregnant 17-year-old, who is abandoned by her boyfriend at a Wal-mart in a small Oklahoma town.
 She secretly moves into the store, where she eventually gives birth to her baby, which attracts media attention.
 With the help of friends, she makes a new life for herself in the town.
