Contact is Freda Payne's fourth American released album and her second for Invictus Records.
 The majority of the material on this album contains sad themes, with the exception of "You Brought the Joy."
 The album begins with a dramatic 11-minute medley of "I'm Not Getting Any Better" and "Suddenly It's Yesterday," both of which were written by Brian Holland and Lamont Dozier.
 Some people thought that Holland and Dozier were trying to compete with Diana Ross's hit "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" as both songs contain spoken segments and dramatic musical arrangements.
 The only cover song is "He's in My Life", which was an album track by The Glass House featuring Freda's sister Scherrie Payne.
 It was written by Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier and Eddie Holland (under their common pseudonym "Edythe Wayne" to avoid copyright claims by their former employer Motown), jointly with Ron Dunbar.
Moonlight is a 2016 American coming-of-age drama film written and directed by Barry Jenkins, based on Tarell Alvin McCraney's unpublished semi-autobiographical play "In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue".
 It stars Trevante Rhodes, André Holland, Janelle Monáe, Ashton Sanders, Jharrel Jerome, Naomie Harris, and Mahershala Ali.
Holland is a toponomical surname indicative of ancestral origin in the Dutch region of Holland, the Netherlands, or the English region of Holland (Lincolnshire), or the English towns of Upholland (Lancashire) and Holland-on-Sea (Essex).
 It is also an Anglicized version of "Ó hUallacháin" (or Houlihan or Holohan) and is a common surname on the Beara Peninsula in southwestern County Cork, Ireland.
 It is also found in places where Beara immigrants settled, such as Butte, Montana, and southeastern Massachusetts.
Anime salve is the final album released by Italian singer/songwriter Fabrizio De André in 1996.
 It was written together with Ivano Fossati, who co-sings in "Anime salve" and " Â cúmba".
 In a 2011 interview within the DVD documentary series "Dentro Faber" [i.e. "Inside Faber"] about De André's life and works, Fossati stated that he and De André composed all the music for the album by actually playing together in the latter's country house in Sardinia, working on almost-complete lyrics by De André, to which Fossati added a few lines.
André Holland (born December 28, 1979) is an American actor, known for his roles as Dr. Algernon Edwards on the Cinemax drama series "The Knick", and as Matt Miller on the FX series "".
 He portrayed politician and activist Andrew Young in the 2014 film "Selma", sportswriter Wendell Smith in the 2013 film "42".
 In 2016, he starred in "Moonlight", which won Best Picture at the 89th Academy Awards, as Kevin.
Joseph Vernon "Joe" Holland (September 7, 1916 – January 23, 1992) was an American football, basketball, and baseball coach.
 He was the first head football coach for the Vanport Vikings (now the Portland State Vikings) located in Portland, Oregon.
 He held that position for eight seasons, from 1947 until 1954.
 His coaching record at Vanport was 20–42–3.
 Holland also served as Vanport's men's basketball during the 1947–48 season and as head baseball coach from 1946 to 1948.
 Holland also served as athletic director for Vanport and subsequently Portland State College from 1946 to 1964.
The André Baronetcy, of Southampton in the County of Southampton, was a title in the Baronetage of Great Britain.
 It was created on 4 March 1781 for William André, in recognition of the services rendered to the country by his brother John André, who was executed in 1780 after being convicted of espionage by an American tribunal during the American Revolutionary War.
 The title became extinct on William André's death in 1802.
The Kingdom of Holland (Dutch: "Koninkrijk Holland" , French: "Royaume de Hollande" ) was set up by Napoléon Bonaparte as a puppet kingdom for his third brother, Louis Bonaparte, in order to better control the Netherlands.
 The name of the leading province, Holland, was now taken for the whole country.
 In 1807 Prussian East Frisia and Jever were added to the kingdom but in 1809, after a British invasion, Holland had to give over all territories south of the river Rhine to France.
Harrison is a common patronymic surname of English origin.
 It may also be spelled Harrisson, Harryson or Harrysson.
 Harrison means "son of Harry".
 Early records suggest that the surnames Harrison and Harris were used interchangeably by some families.
 Harrison is the 42nd most common surname in England and 123rd most common in the United States.
 The surname was first recorded in 1355, in London, England.
Rules of origin are used to determine the country of origin of a product for purposes of international trade.
 There are two common types of rules of origin depending upon application, the preferential and non-preferential rules of origin (19 CFR 102).
 The exact rules vary from country to country, from agreement to agreement.
