Self-management or workers' self-management (also referred to as labor management, autogestión, workers' control, industrial democracy, democratic management and producer cooperatives) is a form of organizational management based on self-directed work processes on the part of an organization's workforce.
 Self-management is a characteristic of many forms of socialism, with proposals for self-management having appeared many times throughout the history of the socialist movement, advocated variously by market socialists, communists, and anarchists.
The former socialist ideology of the Kuomintang is a unique form of socialism and socialist thought developed in China during the Republican era.
 The Tongmenghui revolutionary organization led by Dr. Sun Yatsen was the first to promote socialist ideology in China.
The Two Souls of Socialism by Hal Draper is a socialist pamphlet that posits a fundamental division in socialist thought and action between those who favor "Socialism from Above" and those who favor "Socialism from Below."
The May Seventh Cadre Schools () were Chinese labor camps established during the Cultural Revolution that combined hard agricultural work with the study of Mao Zedong his writings in order to "re-educate" cadres and intellectuals in proper socialist thought.
 In practice, they were closer to forced labor camps.
Arab socialism (Arabic: الاشتراكية العربية‎ ‎ , "Al-Ishtirākīya Al-‘Arabīya") is a political ideology based on an amalgamation of Pan-Arabism and socialism.
 Arab socialism is distinct from the much broader tradition of socialist thought in the Arab world, which predates Arab socialism by as much as fifty years.
 The term "Arab socialism" was coined by Michel Aflaq, the principal founder of Ba'athism and the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, in order to distinguish his version of socialist ideology from the international socialist movement.
Socialist Thought and Practice was a Marxist monthly theoretical magazine published in English by the League of Communists of Yugoslavia from 1961 through 1989.
 The magazine was regarded as an important vehicle for the spread of the ideas of Third Camp Socialism and Yugoslav Workers' self-management.
 Editor of the publication for much of its existence was Edvard Kardelj.
Council communism (also councilism) is a current of socialist thought that emerged in the 1920s.
 Inspired by the November Revolution, councilism was characterized by its opposition to state capitalism/state socialism and its advocacy of workers' councils as the basis for dismantling the class state.
 Strong in Germany and the Netherlands during the 1920s, council communism continues to exist today within the greater socialist and communist movement.
Karl Vorländer (2 January 1860, Marburg – 6 December 1928, Münster) was a German neo-Kantian philosopher who taught in Solingen.
 He published various studies and editions of the works of Kant, including studies of the relation between Kantian thought and socialist thought, and of the influence of Kant on the work of Johann Wolfgang Goethe.
 His 1924 biography of Kant became a classic of Kant scholarship for much of the twentieth century (see Herbert Schnädelbach, "Kant".
 Leipzig: Reclam, 2005, p. 152).
A capitalist republic is a socialist propaganda term describing a concept of government that is antithetical to socialist thought.
 They hold that while a socialist republic is a "dictatorship of the proletariat", a capitalist republic is freedom of the common man to succeed on his own.
 In "On New Democracy", Mao Zedong distinguished his vision of a New Democratic Republic from a capitalist republic, which he characterized as an "old European-American form" of government that was "out of date".
While Marxism had a significant impact on socialist thought, pre-Marxist thinkers (before Karl Marx wrote on the subject) have advocated socialism in forms both similar and in stark contrast to Marx and Engels' conception of socialism, advocating some form of collective ownership over large-scale production, worker-management within the workplace, or in some cases, a form of planned economy.
