Christopher "Tito JustMusic" Trujillo is an American record producer and recording engineer.
 He is a former member of the production duo The Beamer Boyz who produced for artists such as Billy Wes, Mark Ballas of Dancing With The Stars and Cheryl Cole.
 Born in Los Angeles, California, Christopher “Tito JustMusic” Trujillo moved with his family to Miami at a young age.
 With Miami becoming the #1 destination for the entertainment industry, it created a melting pot, which fueled Chris’ passion for music.
 Having been influenced by artists such as Trick Daddy, Ludacris, Busta Rhymes and Lil’John he developed his ear to bring the intensity of urban street anthems to pop records.
 An example of this can be heard on the 7 songs he engineered for Ariana Grande on her Grammy Nominated album Dangerous Woman.
Andreao "Fanatic" Heard is a record producer from Greensboro, North Carolina who has produced some of the biggest recording artists in popular music.
 He produced the number one smash "Crush on You" for Lil’ Kim and "'Yall Know'" for Will Smith’s ten million seller “Big Willie Style.”
 Discovered by Vincent Herbert, Fanatic moved to New York City where he connected with P. Diddy and became a part of his “Hitmen” production team and produced records for the Notorious B.I.G. and Ma$e.
 He then produced the song "Heaven Can Wait" for the greatest recording artist of all time, Michael Jackson.
 Next, he received recognition from the Grammy association for his participation as a producer on Beyoncé's 2003 GRAMMY Award-winning album “Dangerously In Love,”.
 Fanatic also contributed as a producer on Anthony Hamilton's 2013 Grammy nominated album "Back To Love".
Sarah Larnach is a Grammy Nominated visual artist from New Zealand and Australia.
 Sarah Larnach is best known for her collaborations with musicians, creating single artworks, Grammy and ARIA Nominated album covers and packaging, tour art and music video contributions.
Fulano de Tal was a north-American latin rock band, formed in 1995 in Miami, Florida.
 The original band members were: Elsten Torres (Lead Vocals, Guitar, & Songwriter), Brendan Buckley (Drummer, programming, vocals), Julian Adam Zimmon (Guitars), and Leo Nobre (Bass guitar, Background vocals).
 John Michael Falcone (Bass guitar, Vocals) replaced Leo in 1996.
 Fulano de Tal recorded two full-length albums.
 The name of the band is the Portuguese/Spanish variant of the American term "John Doe".
 The first album was called "Normal" and it was released in April 1997 through BMG/RCA records.
 At the time, Fulano was the first north-American latin rock band to be signed to a major label.
 The band toured extensively throughout the United States and some Latin American countries during the years of 1997 and 1999.
 In 2000, the band released their sophomore effort, "Etc." through the independent label: Radio Vox/DLN.
 It was also in 2000 that the band separated.
 Brendan and Julian joined pop/superstar Shakira as part of her touring band.
 Elsten Torres released the Grammy nominated album, "Individual" in 2006 under the name "Fulano", but it was his first solo album although both Brendan and Julian joined in the production and performance of the album.
Amy Otey (born September 8, 1962), known as Miss Amy® is an American musical fitness entertainer, singer/songwriter, and author.
 She focuses on the themes of health and activity for children, though her genres also range to country, folk-rock and pop.
 She has released 5 albums, the fifth of which, "Fitness Rock & Roll," was nominated in the 54th Grammy Awards.
 Miss Amy also appears on the 53rd Grammy nominated album "Healthy Food For Thought: Good Enough To Eat", and the 54th Grammy winning album, "All About Bullies... Big And Small".
Ben Onono (sometime stylized as Ben OnOnO) is an Ivor Novello and Grammy nominated Nigerian British musician and songwriter, born in Cardiff and raised in West Africa.
 He trained as a concert pianist and co-wrote the 2002 Ivor Novello award nominated worldwide hit single "It Just Won't Do" , with Tim DeLuxe.
 His Top 5 hit song "Rainbow of Love" with Bob Sinclar was used in the 2011 Alfa Romeo advertising campaign .
 The track was the single for the Grammy nominated album "Made In Jamaica" with Sly and Robbie.
 Ben Onono was the featured vocalist and writer of Saffron Hill's 2003 "My Love is Always", as well as the character in its music video.
 The song charted Top 20 in the UK National Charts.
 His song "Fallen Hero" with NuFrequency remains the number 1 most charted song ever on the tastemaker website Resident Advisor.
 Onono has written material for David Guetta, Cicada, Bob Sinclar, Fatboy Slim, Rui Da Silva, Futureshock, Natalie Imbruglia among others .
No Evidence of Disease or N.E.D. is an adult-oriented alternative/folk rock band whose members are all medical doctors, mostly gynecologists and gynecologic oncologists.
 Their members include John Bogess, M.D. on lead vocals, guitar, and harmonica; Joanie M. Hope, M.D. on lead vocals and guitar; robotic surgeon Nimesh Nagarsheth, M.D. on drums and percussion; William "Rusty" Robinson, M.D. on bass and harmonica, John Soper, M.D. on guitar, slide guitar, and mandolin; and William Winter, M.D. on guitar and backing vocals.
 They made their self-titled debut on Motéma Music in 2009, and followed with a self-produced CD in 2010 titled "6 Degrees".
 They have been profiled by Lifetime Television and thinkMTV.com, and are the subject of the documentary "No Evidence of Disease" produced by Spark Media.
 Their songs focus on emotional content and make no explicit cancer references.
The Long Goodbye is a Los Angeles-based indie band whose members include actors Michael Cera (of "Arrested Development", "Superbad" and "Juno"), his "Clark and Michael" co-star Clark Duke, and drummer Christian Buenaventura.
 A feature in the September 2007 issue of "Spin" describes the band’s songs as “silly, confessional, and off-the-cuff rag-tag ditties,” based on “simple structures” and “adolescent-in-love lyrics.”
Nate Pyfer is an American record producer and songwriter/composer.
 Pyfer has collaborated with Kaskade and producer Finn Bjarnson on a number of projects including co-writing the GRAMMY nominated single "Atmosphere" on the eponymous GRAMMY nominated album.
Carl Carlton (born Karl Walter Ahlerich Buskohl, 20 April 1955, Ihrhove, East Frisia, Germany) is a German rock musician, guitarist, composer and producer who has played in top international bands and with many well-known musicians.
 His collaboration with Robert Palmer culminated in the Grammy nominated album "Drive", which was released in 2003.
 In 2005, Carlton joined Eric Burdon and the Animals.
 The collaboration resulted in the Grammy nominated album "Soul of a Man", which was released in 2006.
 Carlton has released four albums with his own band, Carl Carlton and the Songdogs.
