"Out of My Hands" is a song by Christian rock act Jars of Clay that appears on their 2010-released album, "The Shelter".
 The song, which was the first radio single released in support of the album, features vocal contributions from Mike Donehey of Tenth Avenue North and Leigh Nash of Sixpence None the Richer.
 The single peaked at No. 27 on Billboard's Christian Songs chart on September 25, 2010.
 "Out of My Hands" was co-written by two members of the band's touring ensemble, Gabe Ruschival and Jeremy Lutito.
Roland Stephen "Steve" Taylor (born December 9, 1957), is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, music executive, film maker, and actor.
 A figure in what has come to be known as Christian alternative rock, Taylor enjoyed a successful solo career during the 1980s, and also served in the short-lived group Chagall Guevara.
 In contrast to many Christian musical artists, his songs have often taken aim at other Christians with the use of satirical, sardonic lyrics.
 In 1997, he founded the record label Squint Entertainment, which fueled the careers of artists such as Sixpence None the Richer, Chevelle, and Burlap to Cashmere.
 Despite this success, Taylor was ousted from the label by its parent, Word Entertainment, in 2001.
 He has produced and written for numerous musical acts, one of the most consistent being Newsboys.
 As a film-maker, Taylor co-wrote, directed, and produced the feature films "Down Under the Big Top", "The Second Chance", and "Blue Like Jazz".
 After a decade and a half of hiatus, Taylor returned to performing music in 2010 as the front-man for Steve Taylor & The Perfect Foil, a supergroup he founded with Peter Furler, Jimmy Abegg, and John Mark Painter.
Mark Nash is the drummer for Christian rock band PFR, and former husband to Leigh Bingham Nash of Sixpence None the Richer.
 Nash also served as A&R for Squint Entertainment.
My Dear Machine is an EP by the Indie pop band Sixpence None the Richer, released on the music website NoiseTrade in summer 2008, although it was discontinued from the site in early 2009.
 This is the band's first official release in the 4 years since "The Best of Sixpence None the Richer" in 2004.
 "My Dear Machine," "Sooner Than Later," and "Amazing Grace (Give It Back)" would later appear on the band's 2012 album, "Lost in Transition."
Sixpence None the Richer is the third album by American band Sixpence None the Richer, released in 1997.
 It was certified platinum by the RIAA on February 9, 2000 for 1 million certified units in the United States and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Gospel Album.
This Beautiful Mess is the second album by American band Sixpence None the Richer, released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).
 The recording was produced by Armand John Petri, who also managed the band from 1993 to 1997.
 "This Beautiful Mess" surpassed 50,000 copies sold during its first year of release and laid the foundation for Sixpence's self-titled breakout album two years later.
 "This Beautiful Mess" won the 1996 Dove Award for "Alternative/Modern Rock Album of the Year."
 The songs "Within a Room Somewhere" and "I Can't Explain" were both minor hits on the Christian music charts.
Sixpence None the Richer (also known as Sixpence) is an American alternative Christian rock band that formed in New Braunfels, Texas, eventually settling in Nashville, Tennessee.
 They are best known for their songs "Kiss Me" and "Breathe Your Name" and their covers of "Don't Dream It's Over" and "There She Goes".
 The name of the band is inspired by a passage from the book "Mere Christianity" by C. S. Lewis.
 The band received two Grammy Award nominations, Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for "Kiss Me" and Grammy Award for Best Rock Gospel Album for "Sixpence None the Richer".
The Best of Sixpence None the Richer is a greatest hits album of American band Sixpence None the Richer, released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 It contains all their most successful songs as well as various rarities, covers and three new tracks that had originally been intended to be released on "Divine Discontent" but were shelved.
The Miscellaneous was a 1990s alternate rock band composed of members from Europe and the United States.
 The band was fronted by a male and a female vocalist, and produced music that is said to "transcend the boundaries" of its genre in creativity.
 "CCM" magazine likened their music to that of Sixpence None the Richer, Jars of Clay and Out of the Grey.
"Needful Hands" is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay.
 The song was recorded for the special event album "Exodus", which also featured contributions from dc Talk, Sixpence None the Richer, and Third Day, among many other Christian artists.
 The single reached number one on the Christian adult contemporary airplay charts and number two on Christian CHR in 1998.
 An acoustic version of "Needful Hands" appears on the album "".
