Davis R. Ruark (born 1955 in Salisbury, Maryland, U.S.) is a Deputy District Attorney in the Third Judicial District Attorney's Office in Las Cruces, Dona Anna County, New Mexico.
 Formerly he served as a Chief Deputy District Attorney in the Eddy County/Carlsbad District Attorney's Office in the 5th Judicial District of New Mexico.
 Ruark's father, Elmer F. Ruark served as Mayor of Salisbury, Maryland, from 1974-1982.
Risa Vetri Ferman (born April 5, 1965) is judge of the Court of Common Pleas in Montgomery County, and was formerly District Attorney of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
 Before winning election as the county's prosecutor, Ferman worked for 15 years in the Montgomery County District Attorney’s Office.
 In November 2007, she became the first woman elected District Attorney in Montgomery County.
 In 2011, Ferman won re-election and began her second term as District Attorney in January 2012.
 She is the daughter of Barbara and Sal Vetri, and sister of restaurateur Marc Vetri and television director and producer Adam Vetri.
The San Diego County District Attorney is the elected district attorney for San Diego County, California.
 This office is responsible for the prosecution of both felony and misdemeanor violations of California state law that occur within the jurisdiction of San Diego County, California.
 Courts within their jurisdiction includes the San Diego Superior Court, the California Court of Appeal for the Fourth District, and the California Supreme Court.
 Federal law violations are prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of California.
 The current District Attorney (since 2003) is Bonnie Dumanis.
 Her predecessor was Paul Pfingst.
The Kings County District Attorney is the elected district attorney for Kings County, coterminous with the Borough of Brooklyn, in New York City.
 The office is responsible for the prosecution of violations of the Laws of New York.
 (Violations of federal law are prosecuted by the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York).
 The current district attorney is Acting District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.
The Richmond County District Attorney is the elected district attorney for Richmond County, coterminous with the Borough of Staten Island, in New York City.
 The office is responsible for the prosecution of violations of New York state laws. (Violations of federal law in Richmond County are prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York).
 The current District Attorney is Michael E. McMahon.
Michael Anthony "Mike" Ramos (born August 5, 1957) is an American attorney.
 He is the 35th and current district attorney of San Bernardino County, California, following the 2010 countywide elections.
 He was first elected in 2002, defeating incumbent District Attorney Dennis L. Stout, and he was reelected in 2006.
 He has been a prosecutor for 24 years.
 Ramos is the first Hispanic district attorney in San Bernardino County.He is the current president of the National District Attorney Association.
The Bronx County District Attorney is the elected district attorney for Bronx County, which is coterminous with the Borough of the Bronx, in New York City.
 The office is responsible for the prosecution of violations of New York state laws. (Federal law in the Bronx is prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York).
 The current Bronx County District Attorney is Darcel Clark.
Caleb Stegall (born September 20, 1971) is an American attorney and writer residing in Perry, Kansas.
 He has served as the District attorney for Jefferson County, Kansas and Chief Counsel to Kansas Governor Sam Brownback before being appointed to the Kansas Court of Appeals.
 On August 29, 2014, Stegall was appointed by Kansas Governor Sam Brownback to the Kansas Supreme Court, replacing Nancy Moritz, who was appointed by President Barack Obama to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals.
 He is a proponent of traditionalist conservatism.
Rodric Anthony Pacheco (born May 7, 1958), usually known as Rod Pacheco, is an American politician.
 He served in the Riverside County District Attorney's Office as a Deputy District Attorney, Chief Deputy District Attorney, Assistant District Attorney and then as District Attorney from 2007–2010 in Riverside County, California.
 He served in the California State Assembly from 1996–2002.
 He served as Republican leader from November 5, 1998 – April 6, 1999.
 Pacheco was defeated on June 8, 2010, in his bid for a second term as Riverside County District Attorney.
 In January 2011, SNR Denton, a global law firm, announced Pacheco would join the firm and serve in its Los Angeles office.
 Pacheco became a Partner in Litigation, White Collar, and Public Policy Public Strategies Practice Groups at SNR Denton in January 2011.
 Pacheco left SNR Denton in October 2014 to join Theodora Oringher PC.
 Pacheco was recruited by Theodora Oringher PC to form and lead the White Collar/Internal Investigations Practice Group for the firm.
Rosemary Lehmberg (born c. 1949) is an American attorney who was the District Attorney of Travis County, which includes the capital city of Austin, Texas.
 She began working in the District Attorney's office in 1976.
 She headed many Divisions of the DA's office, establishing the Travis County Children's Advocacy Center, and was called "The Best Lawyer for Children's Issues" by "The Austin Chronicle".
 In 2009, she became the first female District Attorney in Travis County, and has been cited by her supporters as heading one of the best DA offices in the United States.
 Lehmberg served eight years as Travis County’s district attorney before retiring in January 2017.
