Dog Tales is a 1958 Warner Brothers animated cartoon which consists of a series of blackout gags involving dogs (e.g., one in which a doberman pinscher viciously pinches an overweight U.S. Army private identified as "Doberman" (a reference to, and caricature of, the character played by Maurice Gosfield on "The Phil Silvers Show"); and another in which the narrator can't make up his mind whether the dog pictured is a pointer or a setter, and then finally shows a picture of a "point-setter").
 A basset hound declares that she's a TV star (a reference to Cleo the Dog, from the contemporary TV sitcom "The People's Choice"), we learn the unusual breed of a Newfoundland puppy's grandfather, and a great dane named "Victor Barky" plays the piano.
 Reused animation from Chuck Jones' "Often an Orphan" (1949) and Friz Freleng's "Piker's Peak" (1957) is also seen here.
 In the former case, Charlie Dog makes a cameo - his final appearance in a Warner Bros. cartoon as well as his only cartoon to not be directed by Chuck Jones.
 This animated film features the voices of Mel Blanc, Robert C. Bruce and Julie Bennett, and was directed by Robert McKimson and written by Tedd Pierce.
 It was released in theaters on July 26, 1958.
The Bulldog is a medium-sized breed of dog commonly referred to as the English Bulldog or British Bulldog.
 Other scent-hound breeds include the Small Greek Domestic Dog, Irish Wolfhound, Bluetick Coonhound, Finnish Lapphund, and the Basset Hound.
 The Bulldog is a muscular, hefty dog with a wrinkled face and a distinctive pushed-in nose.
 The American Kennel Club (AKC), The Kennel Club (UK), and the United Kennel Club (UKC) oversee breeding records.
 Bulldogs were the fourth most popular purebreed in the US in 2007 according to the American Kennel Club.
Twelve states of the United States have designated an official state dog breed.
 Maryland was the first state to name a dog breed as a state symbol, naming the Chesapeake Bay Retriever in 1964.
 Pennsylvania followed the year after, naming the Great Dane as its official breed.
 Dog breeds are mostly affiliated with the states that they originated in.
 North Carolina chose the Plott Hound as it was the only dog breed indigenous to the state.
The Leonberger is a giant dog breed.
 The breed's name derives from the city of Leonberg in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
 According to legend, the Leonberger was ostensibly bred as a "symbolic dog" that would mimic the lion in the town crest.
 It is in the Working Group for dog shows such as Crufts, but not at the World Dog Show.
(The) Barnyard Dawg (also known as George P. Dog) is a "Looney Tunes" character.
 An adult anthropomorphic basset hound, he is the archenemy of Foghorn Leghorn.
 He was created by Robert McKimson, who also created Foghorn, and was voiced by Mel Blanc.
 Dawg also feuds with other enemies as well like Henery Hawk, the Weasel, Daffy Duck and Sylvester.
 He appeared in 22 Golden Age–era Warner Bros. shorts.
A giant dog breed has no universal height or weight classification, although some groups define "giant breeds" as those heavier than 50 kg .
 Giant breeds grow rapidly, but take longer to mature into their full adult sizes than smaller dogs.
The Cão de Gado Transmontano (] ; English: Transmontano Mastiff or Transmontano Cattle Dog) is a rare molosser working giant dog breed, originating in and largely limited to the region of Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro Province, Portugal.
 Their primary function is flock and herd protection, and their success is interlinked to the welfare of the flock and the presence of wolves, particularly.
 Although they are a regional breed, their wolf defense capacity has led to limited experimental importation elsewhere.
A breed standard (also called bench standard or the standard) in the dog fancy is a set of guidelines covering specific "externally observable" qualities such as "appearance", "movement", and "temperament" for that dog breed.
 Breed standards are not scientific documents, but are written for each breed by clubs of hobbyists called breed clubs for their own specific requirements.
 Details and definitions within breed standards for a specific dog breed may vary from breed club to breed club and from country to country.
 Dog breed standards are similar in form and function to breed standards for other domesticated animals.
The Basset Hound is a short-legged breed of dog of the hound family.
 The Basset is a scent hound that was originally bred for the purpose of hunting hare.
 Their sense of smell and ability to ground-scent is second only to that of the Bloodhound.
 Basset Hounds are one of 6 recognised basset-type breeds in France.
Fred Basset is a comic strip about a male basset hound.
 The cartoon was created by Scottish cartoonist Alex Graham and published first in the "Daily Mail" on 8 July 1963.
 It has since been syndicated around the world.
