Mettoy Playcraft Ltd was the name of a range of toys manufactured in Northampton and Fforestfach Swansea, between the 1930s and 1980s.
 The Mettoy (Metal Toy) company was founded in 1933 by German émigré Philip Ullmann and was later joined by South African-born German Arthur Katz who had previously worked for Ulmann at his toy company Tipp and Co of Nuremberg.
 The firm made a variety of lithographed metal wind-up toys. Both Jewish, they moved to Britain following Hitler’s rise to power in 1933.
 The firm is most famous for its line of die-cast toy motor vehicles of their Corgi Toys branch created in 1956.
 In the same year Mettoy merged with the Playcraft model railway and slot car company.
Nanoblock (Japanese: ナノブロック , Hepburn: Nanoburokku ) is a line of construction toys manufactured by Kawada Co. Ltd, a toy company based in Tokyo, Japan.
The British Comic Art Convention (usually known by the moniker Comicon) was an annual British comic book convention which was held between 1968 and 1981, usually in London.
 The earliest British fan convention devoted entirely to comics, it was also the birthplace of the Eagle Awards.
Wrinkles is a line of plush toys manufactured by Canadian toy company Ganz in the 1980s.
 The toys are identified by their characteristic wrinkled faces and clothing.
 They were based on the hound breed of dog.
 The original design was created by Senitt Puppets, based in Carnarvon, Ontario.
 Catherine Senitt designed and sold handmade puppets for over twenty years throughout the United States and Canada.
Escor Toys is a British toy manufacturer, based in Bournemouth, Dorset, England with Department for Work and Pensions accreditation and owned by Bournemouth Borough Council.
 It is best known for its wooden toys manufactured by people with disabilities.
Pawparazzi is a line of collectible, miniature plush toys manufactured by Noodle Head, Inc.
 The toys are similar to other plush toys; however each pet has a celebrity personality promoted in a gossip magazine and on an interactive website dedicated to the pets.
 Each pet comes with a purse designed to mimic the celebrity trend of carrying pets in purse-style pet carriers.
Busou Shinki (武装神姫 , Busō Shinki , literally "armament god princess") is a product line of small, armored women action-figure toys manufactured by Konami Digital Entertainment first released in Japan in 2006.
 The figures can be configured in different poses and feature a variety of interchangeable parts.
 Many of the figures have been designed by noted Japanese artists.
 A few of the figures have been released for distribution outside Japan.
 Since their introduction this toy line has spawned a media franchise with video games, manga series, graphic novels, anime series, music, art books and other merchandise.
G-Fest, often typeset as G-FEST, is an annual convention devoted to the Godzilla film franchise and other "kaijū" (literally "strange beast", also the name of the genre of Japanese giant monster movies) franchises such as Gamera and the Ultra Series G-Fest is staged by Daikaiju Enterprises, Ltd., and "G-Fan" magazine.
 It regularly features panels, contests, and theatrically screened films of interest to fans of Japanese monsters.
Cubelets are a line of construction toys manufactured by Modular Robotics.
Connecticut ComiCONN (a.k.a. ComiCONN) is an annual convention focusing primarily on comic books and their creators, along with pop culture memorabilia, gaming, science fiction, fantasy and action films, television programs and cosplay.
 Started in 2010 the convention is held in the South Western part of Connecticut near the New York border.
 In 2014, ComiCONN expanded to a three-day event and larger venue with more than 300 tables of dealers of comics, toys, collectibles and creator guests making it the largest con within 100 miles of the annual New York Comic Con.
