Geoff LaTulippe is an American screenwriter and film director best known as the writer of the 2010 film "Going the Distance".
Paul Edward Theroux (born April 10, 1941) is an American travel writer and novelist, whose best-known work is "The Great Railway Bazaar" (1975).
 He has published numerous works of fiction, some of which were adapted as feature films.
 He was awarded the 1981 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for his novel "The Mosquito Coast," which was adapted for the 1986 movie of the same name.
Patrick Ryan (Isle of Wight, 1916 – 1989) was an English author and journalist whose best-known work, the satirical war novel "How I Won The War" was made into a film in 1967, directed by Richard Lester and starring John Lennon, Michael Crawford, Roy Kinnear and others.
Maya Lin: A Strong Clear Vision is a 1994 documentary film made by Freida Lee Mock about the life of American artist Maya Lin, whose best-known work is the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C.
Don Martin (May 18, 1931 – January 6, 2000) was an American cartoonist whose best-known work was published in "Mad" from 1956 to 1988.
 His popularity and prominence were such that the magazine promoted Martin as "Mad's Maddest Artist."
Joseph Bryant Rotherham (1828–1910) was a British biblical scholar and minister of the Churches of Christ.
 He was a prolific writer whose best-known work was the Emphasized Bible, a new translation that used "emphatic inversion" and a set of diacritical marks to bring out shades of meaning in the original text.
Richard William Tregaskis (November 28, 1916 – August 15, 1973) was an American journalist and author whose best-known work is "Guadalcanal Diary" (1943), an account of just the first several weeks (in August - September 1942) of the U.S. Marine Corps invasion of Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands during World War II.
 This was actually a six-month-long campaign.
 Tregaskis served as a war correspondent during World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War.
Peter Bagge (pronounced , as in "bag"; born December 11, 1957) is an American cartoonist whose best-known work includes the comics "Hate" and "Neat Stuff".
 His stories often use black humor and exaggerated cartooning to dramatize the reduced expectations of middle-class American youth.
 He won two Harvey Awards in 1991, one for best cartoonist and one for his work on "Hate".
 Bagge has expressed his libertarian views in features for "Reason".
David Thomas Rees ( ; born June 22, 1972) is a humorist and cultural critic whose career has moved between various disciplines.
 He first became known as a cartoonist whose best-known work combines bland clip art with outrageous "trash talk" to incongruous effect.
 He moved on to his Artisanal Pencil Sharpening service and publishing a related book.
 More recently he has been a presenter for "Going Deep with David Rees".
Going the Distance is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Nanette Burstein and written by Geoff LaTulippe.
 It stars Drew Barrymore and Justin Long as a young couple, Erin and Garrett, who fall in love one summer in New York City and try to keep their long-distance relationship alive, when Erin heads home to San Francisco.
