Live at the El Mocambo is the second live album by the Canadian rock band April Wine, released in 1977.
 It was recorded during a performance at Toronto's El Mocambo club on 4 and 5 March 1977 when April Wine opened for the Rolling Stones during one of the surprise club appearances for which the Stones are renowned, and during which they recorded part of their own live album "Love You Live" (1977).
 "Live at the El Mocambo" was produced and engineered by Eddie Kramer, best known for his work with the Stones, Jimi Hendrix, and Led Zeppelin.
 Partly owing to Kramer's input, the album features a somewhat more raw-sounding April Wine than most fans are used to from the band's more conventionally produced studio albums.
 Among April Wine's many albums, "Live at the El Mocambo" has tended to be overshadowed by the more commercially successful "Harder, Faster" (1979) and "The Nature of the Beast" (1981).
 It was released on CD in March, 2010 on Unidisc.
Windsor for the Derby are an American post-rock band formed in Tampa, Florida in 1995 but currently based in Austin, Texas.
 Since their formation, the group has released many albums through labels such as Trance Syndicate, Young God Records, and most recently on Secretly Canadian, and has maintained a revolving door line-up, with founding members Dan Matz and Jason McNeely acting as the band's core.
Persona is an extended play by Italian producer Lorenzo Senni, released on the label Warp Records on 11 November 2016.
 The EP showcases Senni's viewpoint as a "Rave Voyeur" character (as showed on its cover art by Ed Atkins) of the music and culture of hard trance, as well as the genre's relations to dancehall and the rest of the electronic music dance spectrum.
 "Persona" differed from Senni's past trance releases in terms of composition and production; he was influenced by hardcore punk to have the EP consist more on chords rather than arpeggios, and the recordings of the Roland JP-8000 Supersaw sounds he used were edited and altered with effects instead of just left raw, leading to a much more expressive scope in terms of sound according to critic Patric Fallon.
 The album garnered very favorable reviews from music journalists upon its release, landing at the number four spot of "Fact" magazine's list of the best albums of 2016.
Matthew Jonathan "Matt" Darey (born 29 November 1968) is an English trance music producer and a member of Lost Tribe.
 He is known for his work in the "Euphoria" trance series and for 'Gamemaster' (as Lost Tribe) and his remixes of Agnelli & Nelson's "El Niño".
 In 2005, his first major US albums, an EP, "Point Zero" (featuring the Li Kwan song of the same name), and a double album, "Upfront Trance", were released.
 Matt has sold over two million albums and singles with numerous top 10 and top 20 chart hits.
Stephen Chapin (born 30 Dec 1946) is an American singer/songwriter.
 He is best known as the youngest of the four Chapin brothers, which include Harry Chapin and Tom Chapin and is son of drummer Jim Chapin and Elspeth Burke Chapin Hart, editor, artist and matriarch of the Burke, Leacock, Chapin clan.
 He is the father of Christina Chapin, Frankie Chapin, and Jonathan Chapin.
 He is the uncle of Jen Chapin and The Chapin Sisters.
 He has toured nationally and Internationally, with his own band; The Harry Chapin Band; and with his late brother Harry Chapin as his band leader, musical director, arranger, producer, piano player/multi instrumentalist and singer.
 He continues to perform concerts all over the world with his band The Harry Chapin Band which includes the original members of the band: Steve Chapin, Big John Wallace, and Howard Fields, and new members since 2005, Clark Wallace (Big John's son) and Jonathan Chapin (Steve's son).
 Steve has also produced many albums including "The Chapin Family Christmas album", and has worked as a teacher, arranger, recording artist, commercial producer, performer, singer, and songwriter.
 He has appeared on all Harry Chapin albums, and arranged and produced most of them.
 Most notably, Harry Chapin's "Greatest Stories Live" album which includes his performance of one of his songs "Let Time Go Lightly".
Marcus Singletary is an American musician and media personality.
 Singletary has released many albums in a variety of genres, and has hosted radio program Far Out Flavors.
 His 2017 EP, "Daydream Station" (his first spoken-word project), consisted of original sketch comedy bits from the show.
Dancing Galaxy is the third studio album by the Israel goa trance band Astral Projection.
 It was released on 20 October 1997, through Trust In Trance Records.
 It has become one of the best-selling trance albums.
M.O.T.O. (Masters of the Obvious) is a garage punk band currently based in New Hampshire.
 Formed in New Orleans in 1981 by Paul Caporino, the lineup of the band has seen many changes over the years, with Caporino being the only consistent member.
 The band has recorded many albums, singles and CDs, including several albums for the Chicago-based record label Criminal IQ Records.
Tranceport is a trance music DJ mix album series.
 The series debuted in November 1998 with Paul Oakenfold's "Tranceport", released on Kinetic Records.
 The album featured many trance songs that were receiving a lot of dance club play at the time, including Three Drives on a Vinyl's "Greece 2000" and the Paul van Dyk remix of Binary Finary's popular "1998".
 Tranceport is widely regarded among electronic music listeners as one of the best trance albums ever released.
Trance Syndicate was an independent record label founded in 1990 by King Coffey, drummer of Austin, TX band the Butthole Surfers.
 Its first release was Crust's The Sacred Heart of Crust EP.
 From 1990 to 1999, when the label closed down, Trance Syndicate released albums by several notable Texan bands and artists, including Bedhead, Ed Hall, American Analog Set, Furry Things, …And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead and Roky Erickson.
