The Derry Area School District is a midsized, suburban public school district located in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.
 The Derry Area School District is located 35 miles east of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 The district encompasses approximately 97 sqmi .
 The school district serves the municipalities of Derry Township, Derry Borough and the Borough of New Alexandria.
 According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 18,312 people.
 According to District officials, in school year 2007-08 the Derry Area School District provided basic educational services to 2,479 pupils.
 Derry Area School District employed: 179 teachers, 138 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 11 administrators in 2008.
 Derry Area School District received more than $15.3 million in state funding in school year 2007-08.
 In 2011, the district is having declining enrollment 1289 secondary students (down from 1358 in 2010‐2011) and 924 Gr.
 K‐5 students (down from 948 in 2010‐2011).
North Carolina's 12th congressional district is a congressional district located in the city of Charlotte and surrounding areas in Mecklenburg County.
 Prior to the 2016 elections, it was a gerrymandered district located in central North Carolina that comprised portions of Charlotte, Winston-Salem, Greensboro, Lexington, Salisbury, Concord, and High Point.
Jiutai () is a district under the jurisdiction of Changchun, the capital of Jilin province, People's Republic of China.
 The district is surrounded by agricultural areas and is located around 50 km northeast of downtown Changchun.
 Coal mining also is present in Jiutai.
 It borders Dehui to the north, Erdao District to the southwest, Kuancheng District to the west, as well as the prefecture-level city of Jilin to the south and east.
Rolling Mill Historic District is a national historic district located at Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland.
 It is a 38 acre primarily residential historic district located on the east side of the city of Cumberland.
 It contains a strong, locally distinctive concentration of wood and brick residences built between the early 1870s and the late 1940s.
 It also includes a modest commercial area.
 The district has a total of 173 properties, including the previously listed Francis Haley House.
Kuancheng District () is one of six districts of Changchun, the capital of Jilin province, People's Republic of China.
 It is part of Changchun's main urban area, located north of downtown.
 It borders Dehui to the northeast, Jiutai to the east, Erdao District to the southeast, Nanguan and Chaoyang Districts to the south, Luyuan District to the southwest, and Nong'an County to the northwest.
Shawnee Heights School District #450 is a Public School District located in Tecumseh, Kansas, United States.
 The Shawnee Heights School District is a 5a school district that includes a total of 4 Elementary Schools, 1 Middle School, and 1 High School.
 Shawnee Heights School District is a suburban school district located in southeastern Shawnee County.
 The District has an estimated total of 3,500 Students from Pre-Kindergarten to 12th Grade.
 More than half of the Teachers have a Masters Degree or above.
 Dr. Martin Stessman is the superintendent for the School District.
 Dr. Stessman has a "blog page" that he uses to post information pertaining about himself.
 The School’s website is Heights School District Webpage
Nanping () is a third-tier prefecture-level city in northwestern Fujian Province, China.
 It borders Ningde City to the east, Sanming City to the south, and the provinces of Zhejiang and Jiangxi to the north and west respectively.
 Part of the famous Wuyi Mountains range is located in this prefecture.
 Its population was 2,645,549 at the 2010 census whom 467,875 lived in the built-up (or metro) area made up of Yanping urban district.
The Belle Vernon Area School District is a midsized, suburban, public school district located approximately 25 mi southeast of Pittsburgh in rural Westmoreland County and Fayette County.
 The present school district was formed by a merger of the previous Belmar (having itself been the result of a merge between the Belle Vernon and Marion school districts) and Rostraver school districts in 1965.
 The district serves five political subdivisions located in 2 counties: Washington Township, Fayette City, North Belle Vernon, Belle Vernon, and Rostraver Township.
 Belle Vernon Area School District area is 42.2 sqmi .
 Belle Vernon Area School District in southwestern Pennsylvania lies midway between the cities of Pittsburgh on the north, Uniontown on the south, Washington to the west, and Greensburg to the east.
 Belle Vernon Area School District had a population as of 2000 of 20,127 residents.
 By 2010, the District's population declined to 18,912 people.
 The educational attainment levels for the School District population (25 years old and over) were 91% high school graduates and 21.6% college graduates.
 The District is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania.
Dehui () is a county-level city under the jurisdiction of Changchun, the capital of Jilin province, People's Republic of China, located in the middle of the Songliao Plain.
 It has a total population of 906,000 and a rural population of 753,000.
 Composed of 10 towns, 4 townships and 4 subdistricts, under which there are 308 villages, it is around 80 km north-northeast of central Changchun.
 It borders Yushu to the northeast, Jiutai to the south, Kuancheng District to the southwest, Nong'an County to the west, as well as the prefecture-level cities of Jilin to the southeast and Songyuan to the northwest.
Pottsville Area School District is a midsized, rural/suburban public school district located in Pottsville, Pennsylvania, serving students in central Schuylkill County.
 It encompasses approximately 12 sqmi .
 The district serves the City of Pottsville and five additional municipalities: the boroughs of Mechanicsville, Mount Carbon, Port Carbon, Palo Alto, and Norwegian Township.
 According to 2000 federal census data, it served a resident population of 21,394.
 By 2010, the District's population declined to 20,095 people.
 The educational attainment levels for the School District population (25 years old and over) were 86.6% high school graduates and 14.3% college graduates.
 The District is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania.
 The district has a tuition-based agreement at the secondary level with the Saint Clair Area School District located in the borough of Saint Clair.
