Frank the Poet (ca. 1810–1861) (real name Francis MacNamara) was a convict, transported to New South Wales from Cashel, County Tipperary, Ireland, who composed improvised verse expressing the convict's point of view.
 In 1832 he was convicted of larceny, and sentenced to seven years transportation.
 He often absconded and received an extended sentence as well as floggings and other punishments, and was finally sent to the dread Port Arthur in Van Diemen's Land.
 He received a ticket of leave in 1847 and his freedom in 1849, after which there is little record of his life.
 His verse suggests he was an educated person with strong political convictions.
Thomas Jeffries (Jefferies), also known as Mark Jeffries, was a bushranger, serial killer and cannibal in the early 19th century in Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania, Australia).
 Jeffries was transported for life from Scotland on the "Albion", arriving in Van Diemen's Land on 21 October 1823.
 He was sentenced to 12 months in Macquarie Harbour, the penal settlement on the colony's west coast in June 1824 for threatening to stab Constable Lawson.
 By August 1825 he had been appointed a watch house keeper and flagellator (flogger) at Launceston Gaol.
The Lieutenant Governor’s Court was a court established in the early 19th century in the colony of Van Diemen's Land which subsequently became Tasmania, a state of Australia.
 The court had jurisdiction to deal with civil disputes where the amount in dispute was not more than £50 sterling in the colony.
 The establishment of the court was the first practical civil court in the settlement.
 This was an important first step in improving the resolution of civil disputes in the settlement.
 The Supreme Court of Van Diemen's Land eventually replaced it in 1823 when the court’s charter was revoked by the Third Charter of Justice.
The Colonial Secretary of Van Diemen's Land (later Colonial Secretary of Tasmania) was the representative of the British Colonial Office in Van Diemen's Land (later Tasmania), and was usually appointed from Britain.
The Colonial Times was a newspaper in Tasmania, Australia.
 It was established as the Colonial Times, and Tasmanian Advertiser in 1825 in Hobart, Van Diemen's Land (known as Tasmania since 1856) by the former editor of the "Hobart Town Gazette, and Van Diemen's Land Advertiser", Andrew Bent.
 The name was changed to "Colonial Times" in 1827, and the title was eventually absorbed into the "Hobart Town Mercury" in 1857.
Alexander Pearce (1790 – 19 July 1824) was an Irish convict who was transported to Van Diemen's Land for seven years for theft.
 He escaped from prison several times.
 During one of these escapes he allegedly became a cannibal, murdering his companions one by one.
 In another escape, with one companion, he allegedly killed him and ate him in pieces.
 He was eventually captured and was hanged and dissected in Hobart for murder.
Arundel Wrighte (1804–1887) was a colonist, first Postmaster of Launceston in Van Diemen's Land and founder of Box Hill, Victoria.
 Arundel Wrighte first settled with his wife (née Upton) and family in Van Diemen's Land, where he was the first Postmaster of Launceston and was engaged in various business and pastoral pursuits.
Edward Abbott (9 November 1766 – 31 July 1832) was a soldier, politician, judge-advocate and public servant who served at Parramatta, the Hawkesbury River and Norfolk Island in the colony of New South Wales, now part of present-day Australia.
 He also served at the settlements of Launceston and Hobart in Van Diemen's Land (now the Australian state of Tasmania), which was part of New South Wales until 1825, when Van Diemen's Land became a self-governing colony.
The Van Diemen's Land Company (also known as Van Dieman Land Company) is a farming corporation in the Australian state of Tasmania.
 It was founded in 1825 and received a royal charter the same year, and was granted 250,000 acres.
 (1,000 km) in northwest Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) in 1826.
 The company was a group of London merchants who planned a wool growing venture to supply the needs of the British textile industry.
Van Diemen's Land is a 2009 Australian thriller set in 1822 in colonial Tasmania.
 It follows the story of the infamous Irish convict, Alexander Pearce, played by Oscar Redding and his escape with seven other convicts.
 The voice-over and some of the dialogue is in Irish.
