Internet genre refers to a type of genre ( or ) explored in multimedia Studies.
 Others include film genre, video game genres and music genre.
 Genre, in terms of genre studies refers to the method based on similarities in the narrative elements from which media-texts are constructed.
A film genre is a motion picture category based on similarities in either the narrative elements or the emotional response to the film (namely, serious, comic, etc.).
 Most theories of film genre are borrowed from literary genre criticism.
 The basic genres include fiction and documentary, from which subgenres have emerged, such as docufiction and docudrama.
 Other subgenres include the courtroom and trial-focused drama known as the legal drama.
 Types of fiction which may seem unrelated can also be combined to form hybrid subgenres, such as the melding of horror and comedy in the "Evil Dead" films.
 Other popular combinations are the romantic comedy and the action comedy film.
The Mexican sex comedies film genre, generally known as Ficheras film or Sexicomedias is a genre of sexploitation and Mexploitation films of the Mexican Cinema that flourished in the 1970s and 1980s.
 It is recognized as a collection of usually low quality films with low budgets.
 Although the films had sexual tones and used double entendre, they were not particularly explicit.
 The genre is possibly based on the Italian erotic comedies.
 The popular term for it came from the film "Las ficheras," produced and released in 1975, which described the experiences of many women who entertained men at nightclubs.
The actuality film is a non-fiction film genre that, like the documentary film, uses footage of real events, places, and things, yet unlike the documentary is not structured into a larger argument, picture of the phenomenon or coherent whole.
 In practice, actuality films preceded the emergence of the documentary.
 During the era of early cinema, actualities—usually lasting no more than a minute or two and usually assembled together into a program by an exhibitor—were just as popular and prominent as their fictional counterparts.
 The line between "fact" and "fiction" was not so sharply drawn in early cinema as it would become after the documentary came to serve as the predominant non-fiction filmmaking form.
 An actuality film is not like a newspaper article so much as it is like the still photograph that is published along with the article, with the major difference being that it moves.
 Apart from the traveling actuality genre, actuality is one film genre that remains strongly related to still photography.
Thriller is a broad genre of literature, film and television, having numerous, often overlapping subgenres.
 Thrillers are characterized and defined by the moods they elicit, giving viewers heightened feelings of suspense, excitement, surprise, anticipation and anxiety.
 Successful examples of thrillers are the films of Alfred Hitchcock.
OP Eiga (オーピー映画 ) , also known as Ōkura Eiga (大蔵映画 ) is the largest and one of the oldest independent Japanese studios which produce and distribute pink films. Along with Shintōhō Eiga, Kantō, Million Film, and Kōji Wakamatsu's production studio, Ōkura was one of the most influential studios on the pink film genre.
 Among the many notable pink films released by the studio are Satoru Kobayashi's "Flesh Market" (1962), the first film in the pink film genre.
Thriller film, also known as suspense film or suspense thriller, is a broad film genre that invokes excitement and suspense in the audience.
 The suspense element, found in most films' plots, is particularly exploited by the filmmaker in this genre.
 Tension is created by delaying what the audience sees as inevitable, and is built through situations that are menacing or where escape seems impossible.
The Singapore Short Film Awards (abbreviation: SSFA) is an annual event which promotes and recognises excellence in short films in Singapore.
 It began in 2010 and was jointly organised by The Substation and Objectifs, presented by The Substation's Moving Images.
 Created by filmmaker Chai Yee Wei, former Programme Manager of The Substation's Moving Images Low Beng Kheng and current Co-Founder of Objectifs Yuni Hadi, the Singapore Short Film Awards highlights quality work done annually in the short film genre in Singapore - by seeking out new talent, reflecting current standards of the short film genre and to bring together both the veterans and the young talents as a community to create a space for networking and sharing.
Wesley Earl "Wes" Craven (August 2, 1939 – August 30, 2015) was an American film director, writer, producer, and actor.
 He was known for his pioneering work in the genre of horror films, particularly slasher films, where his impact on the genre was considered prolific and influential.
 Due to the success and cultural impact of his works in the horror film genre, Craven has been called the "Master of Horror".
The woman's film is a film genre which includes women-centered narratives, female protagonists and is designed to appeal to a female audience.
 Woman's films usually portray "women's concerns" such as problems revolving around domestic life, the family, motherhood, self-sacrifice, and romance.
 These films were produced from the silent era through the 1950s and early 1960s, but were most popular in the 1930s and 1940s, reaching their zenith during World War II.
 Although Hollywood continued to make films characterized by some of the elements of the traditional woman's film in the second half of the 20th century, the term itself disappeared in the 1960s.
 The work of directors George Cukor, Douglas Sirk, Max Ophüls, and Josef von Sternberg has been associated with the woman's film genre.
 Joan Crawford, Bette Davis, and Barbara Stanwyck were some of the genre's most prolific stars.
