"The Titanic" (also known as "It Was Sad When That Great Ship Went Down" and "Titanic (Husbands and Wives)") is a folk song and children's song most known for being sung in the United States at summer camp.
 "The Titanic" is about the sinking of the RMS Titanic which sank on April 15, 1912 after striking an iceberg.
The Legend of the Titanic (Spanish: La leyenda del Titanic , Italian: La leggenda del Titanic ) is a 1999 Italian animated film directed by Orlando Corradi and Kim J. Ok.
 The film is a very loose adaptation of the RMS Titanic sinking and featured several fantasy elements such as anthropomorphic animals.
Edgar Rickard (January 17, 1874 – January 21, 1951) was a mining engineer and lifelong confidant of U.S. President Herbert Hoover.
 He was the son of mining engineer Reuben Rickard, and the brother of Thomas Rickard, a mining engineer and one-time mayor of Berkeley, California.
 He was born on January 17, 1874 in Pontgibaud, France.
 For many years around the turn of the century, he was the editor of a mining journal in London.
Alice Catherine Cleaver was a survivor of the "RMS Titanic" and nursemaid for the Allison family, wealthy insurance moguls from Canada during the early 20th century.
 She is best known for rescuing the youngest Allison child, Trevor, from the "Titanic".
 Little is known about her later life, as she refused to give interviews after surviving the shipwreck.
 She was the subject of books and movies that misidentified her as Alice Mary Cleaver, a woman who was infamous for murdering her own infant.
Gardner F. Williams (14 March 1842 – 22 August 1922) was an American mining engineer and author, and the first properly trained mining engineer to be appointed in South Africa.
James Joseph "J.J." Brown (September 27, 1854 – September 5, 1922), was an American mining engineer, inventor, and self-made member of fashionable "society".
 His wife was "RMS Titanic" survivor Molly Brown.
William Boyce Thompson, (May 13, 1869 – June 27, 1930), was an American mining engineer, financier, prominent in the Republican party, philanthropist, and founder of Newmont Mining.
 Thompson was one of the significant early twentieth century mine operators that discovered and exploited vast copper deposits that revolutionized Western American mining, and reaped for themselves tremendous fortunes.
Ira Beaman Joralemon (1884 – 1975) was an American mining engineer, economic geologist, and mining company executive, who specialized in exploration and mining of copper ore deposits.
 Over a career spanning more than six decades, Joralemon was involved in the discovery and development of numerous major copper and gold deposits, many of which went on to become operational mines.
 In addition to his professional career within the minerals industry, he was also a popular science author and historian of the mining industry.
Louis Doremus Huntoon, E.M., M.A. (1869–1937) was an American mining engineer, born at Paterson, New Jersey, and educated at the New York College of Pharmacy and the School of Mines of Columbia University (1895).
 He was employed as a chemist and assayer in Colorado in 1895-96 and mining and metallurgical engineer in New York in 1896-1903, and he remained in New York afterwards.
 He became consulting engineer in New York City after 1911.
Edward Stephen Kamuda (November 10, 1939 – April 13, 2014) was an American historian who specialized in the study of the RMS Titanic.
 The Titanic sank on April 14, 1912, after striking an iceberg in the north Atlantic Ocean.
 Kamuda devoted much of his life to the preservation of the Titanic's legacy as the founder and president of the Titanic Historical Society.
 Much of his research focused on the biographies of the crew and passengers of the RMS Titanic.
