Murmur is the debut studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released on April 12, 1983 by I.R.S. Records.
 "Murmur" drew critical acclaim upon its release for its unusual sound, defined by lead singer Michael Stipe's cryptic lyrics, guitarist Peter Buck's jangly guitar style, and bass guitarist Mike Mills' melodic basslines.
Hope Clarke (born March 23, 1941) is an American actress, dancer, vocalist, choreographer, and director.
 Clarke performed as principal dancer with the Katherine Dunham Company and the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, 1960s; actress on stage, film, and television, 1970s–1980s; choreographer and director, 1980s--.
 Clarke served on the Tony Awards Nominating Committee for the 2011–12 Broadway season.
 Clarke made history in 1995 when she became the first African American, as well as the first African-American woman, to direct and choreograph a major staging of the opera-musical "Porgy and Bess".
 Clarke's production of the George Gershwin classic was staged in celebration of the work's 60h anniversary, and it toured not only major American cities but Japan and Europe as well.
 Clarke drew critical acclaim for her commitment to staging the show as a monument to African-American community and pride, giving a more hopeful, positive aura to a story that has been criticized for its stereotypes.
 As for the director herself, the success of "Porgy and Bess" is just the latest accolade in a long career devoted to dance and drama.
The Deep Dark Woods are a Canadian alternative country band from Saskatoon, currently signed to Sugar Hill Records in the United States and Six Shooter Records in Canada.
 First established in 2005, the band consisted of singer and guitarist Ryan Boldt, bass guitarist Chris Mason, guitarist Burke Barlow and drummer Lucas Goetz.
 Pianist and organist Geoff Hilhorst joined the group in 2009 after the release of their breakout album "Winter Hours".
 Founding member Burke Barlow played guitar until 2012 when he left the group and was replaced by Clayton Linthicum.
 Founding Member Lucas Goetz left the group in late 2014, after which the band went on hiatus.
 In 2017 Chris Mason officially left the group.
R.E.M. was an American rock band that formed in Athens, Georgia, in 1980 by lead singer Michael Stipe, guitarist Peter Buck, bassist/backing vocalist Mike Mills, and drummer Bill Berry.
 One of the first alternative rock bands, R.E.M. was noted for Stipe's particular vocal quality and obscure lyrics, Buck's ringing, arpeggiated guitar style, and Mills' melodic basslines and backing vocals.
 R.E.M. released its first single—"Radio Free Europe"—in 1981 on the independent record label Hib-Tone.
 The single was followed by the "Chronic Town" EP in 1982, the band's first release on I.R.S. Records.
 In 1983, the group released its critically acclaimed debut album, "Murmur", and built its reputation over the next few years through subsequent releases, constant touring, and the support of college radio.
 Following years of underground success, R.E.M. achieved a mainstream hit in 1987 with the single "The One I Love".
 The group signed to Warner Bros.
 Records in 1988, and began to espouse political and environmental concerns while playing large arenas worldwide.
Stardust is a shoot 'em up computer game for the Amiga, released by the Finnish company Bloodhouse in 1993.
 The game is essentially an "Asteroids" clone with enhancements, such as power-ups, shields, a high-energy techno module soundtrack, vivid use of colors and the occasional tunnel section that revolves around a sphere.
 The game's graphics drew critical acclaim for the aforementioned tunnels and the liberal use of ray-tracing.
 The company has since merged with Terramarque to form Housemarque.
Construct is the tenth full-length studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity.
 It was released on 27 May 2013 through Century Media Records.
 A music video for "Uniformity", directed by Patric Ullaeus, was released on 10 May 2013.
 The album was written during what the band described as their "darkest period" and drew critical praise for its melodrama and darkness.
 Construct would be the band's last studio album with founding member guitarist Martin Henriksson as he left the band in early 2016 due to loss of passion for playing music.
Peter Hofmann (22 August 1944 – 30 November 2010) was a German tenor who had a successful performance career within the fields of opera, rock, pop, and musical theatre.
 He first rose to prominence in 1976 as a heldentenor at the Bayreuth festival's "Jahrhundertring" ("Centenary Ring") in 1976, where he drew critical acclaim for his performance of Siegmund in Richard Wagner's "Die Walküre".
 He was active as one of the world's leading Wagnerian tenors over the next decade, performing roles like Lohengrin, Parsifal, Siegfried, and Tristan at major opera houses and festivals internationally.
Fursy Teyssier (born 22 September 1985) is a French songwriter, singer, multi-instrumentalist musician, album cover artist and animated film director.
 He is most known for being the creator, leader, guitarist, bass guitarist and lead vocalist of shoegazing band Les Discrets.
 He is currently live bass guitarist for Empyrium.
 He is also the former guitarist and bass guitarist of Amesoeurs, and the former live bassist of Alcest (he also composed and performed "Abysses" in "Écailles de Lune").
 Since 27 December 2015 he is a live member of German gothic metal band The Vision Bleak; he previously directed the music video for their song "The Wood Hag".
Mathieu Amalric (] ; born 25 October 1965) is a French actor and filmmaker.
 Amalric is perhaps best known internationally for his performance as the lead villain in Bond film "Quantum of Solace", his performance in Steven Spielberg's "Munich", and for his role in "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly", for which he drew critical acclaim.
 He has also won the César Award and the Lumières Award.
Roster McCabe was an American rock band noted for its tight, high energy dance shows, exploration of music across genres and devoted fan base.
 Named by Billboard Magazine as one of "five up-and-coming jam bands that could draw audiences to the festivals of tomorrow", Roster has toured nationally and played over 550 gigs in the last four years.
 The band's music blends elements of a wide variety of genres, including reggae, rock, funk, and jazz, although the band describes its sound as "Funky Reggae Dance Rock".
 After the departure of founding member Drew Preiner, the band renamed themselves "Night Phoenix."
 Night Phoenix (Steele, Mullenburg, Peterson, and Daum) played a handful of shows in the winter of 2013–2014, before breaking up in early-mid 2014.
 Their final show was performed on May 10, 2014, and was held at The Popcorn in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
