The Elephant Head Lodge is a guest lodge on the road to, and only 12 miles from, the east entrance of Yellowstone National Park, in Shoshone National Forest.
 The ranch includes two main lodges surrounded by support buildings and guest cabins.
 Beginning in 1926, the Elephant Head was developed by Buffalo Bill Cody's niece, Josephine Thurston and her husband Harry W. Thurston.
 The lodge was named after a distinctive rock formation that rises above the property.
Repast (めし , "Meshi" ) is a 1951 film by Mikio Naruse, starring Setsuko Hara.
 It is set in postwar Osaka and it is about a woman who has moved from Tokyo (her father is a well-known professor) to settle down with her husband.
 Her salaryman husband ignores her, and she is slowly worn down by domestic drudgery.
 Matters come to a head when her pretty niece comes to stay and the husband begins to flirt with her.
 "Naruse shows brilliantly how the husband and wife cling to respectability by a thread."
 Dissatisfied with his efforts to improve their household life, she returns to Tokyo for a time.
Mariota, Countess of Ross (Mairead, also called Mary and Margaret; died 1440) was the daughter of Euphemia I, Countess of Ross and her husband, the crusading war-hero Walter Leslie, Lord of Ross.
 Upon the death of her brother, Alexander Leslie, Earl of Ross, she became the heir-presumptive of her niece Euphemia II, Countess of Ross although her husband Domhnall of Islay, Lord of the Isles pressed Mariota's superior claim to the earldom.
In 1884, author and journalist Samuel Clemens, popularly known as Mark Twain, founded the subscription publishing firm of Charles L. Webster and Company.
 The firm was named after Clemens' niece’s husband Charles L. Webster whom Clemens appointed the firm's business director.
 The formation of the company came out of Clemens' dissatisfaction with his previous publishers including Charles H. Webb, Elisha Bliss, and James R. Osgood.
 Clemens wanted to earn a dual income as both author and publisher of books.
 The first two American publications of the firm, "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" (1885) and the "Personal Memoirs of Ulysses S. Grant" (1885) were highly successful.
 The Ulysses S. Grant memoir publication in particular financially helped Grant and his family at a time when Grant was sick having been diagnosed with throat cancer.
 Grant was former President of the United States and top commanding general during the Civil War and Reconstruction.
 After Grant died, Clemens gave Grant's widowed wife, Julia, a substantial record royalty check of $200,000 dollars.
 According to Webster, prior to his death, Grant dictated the last part of the second volume to a stenographer working for the firm, due to writing fatigue, starting with Robert E. Lee's surrender at Appomattox.
 Webster, who accompanied the stenographer, respected Grant's reputation and honored Grant's request to keep secret from reporters that Grant dictated part of the book.
The wife of Julius Nepos was the last empress of the Roman Empire in the West, whose husband reigned from 474 through 480, although he was in exile from his capital after 475.
 His surname, Nepos (Latin: ""nephew"" ), he obtained through his marriage.
 His wife's given name is not in any primary source, all of which report her as the "neptis" of Leo I the Thracian of the Roman Empire in the East (457–74), and his spouse Verina.
 The word "neptis" could translate as granddaughter, niece or (close) relative, but it is usually assumed that Julius' wife was Leo's niece, and more likely related by blood to Verina rather than Leo.
 The historian Malchus reports, "Verina also joined in urging this, giving a helping hand to the wife of Nepos, her relative".
Lucius Marcius Philippus (flourished 1st century BC) was a member of a Roman senatorial family.
 He was a descendant of Roman King Ancus Marcius and the son of the consul and censor Lucius Marcius Philippus.
 He was a praetor in 60 BC, and became propraetor of Syria in 59 BC, although Appian (Syrian Wars 8.51) records that he was propraetor of Syria in 61 BC.
 That same year he married Atia Balba Caesonia, niece of Julius Caesar.
 Philippus had a son and a daughter Marcia from a previous marriage which had ended with his wife's death.
 Atia's previous husband, Gaius Octavius, had died on his return to Rome, leaving her with two children: Octavia Minor and Gaius Octavius (future Roman Emperor Augustus).
 Philippus cherished his stepchildren as if they were his own.
 He was consul of 56 BC with Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Marcellinus.
Alice Comyn, Countess of Buchan, Lady Beaumont (1289 – 3 July 1349) was a Scottish noblewoman, a member of the powerful Comyn family which supported the Balliols, claimants to the disputed Scottish throne against their rivals, the Bruces.
 She was the niece of John Comyn, Earl of Buchan, to whom she was also heiress, and after his death the Earldom of Buchan was successfully claimed by her husband Henry de Beaumont, Earl of Buchan, by right of his wife.
 His long struggle to claim her Earldom of Buchan was one of the causes of the Second War of Scottish Independence.
A piano virtuoso has a child out of wedlock to her fiance, who is killed trying to save her life.
 Their son is brought up by foster parents and becomes a musician.
"In 1917, Carlo Salvini (George F. Houston), an opera singer and captain in the Italian army, returns home to participate in a performance of "Carmen" for a Red Cross benefit.
 Afterward, Carlo meets Franceska Manzoni (Helen Westley) and her niece, pianist Ann Prescott (Josephine Hutchinson).
 When German troops move closer to the village, Carlo and his fellow soldiers help Franceska, Ann and the other villagers evacuate.
 Before Carlo can get away, however, the German troops invade and Ann hides him in the attic.
 During the ensuing months, Ann and Carlo fall in love and marry.
 Carlo returns to the front line, and later Ann gives birth to their son, whom she names Carlo.
 Then, Franceska, who was her piano instructor too, dies, and her final wish is for Ann to dedicate young Carlo's life to music.
 In order to save her baby from the enemy concentration camp, Ann turns him over to the custody of a Dominican convent.
 After Ann learns that Carlo has died, she returns to the convent, but the Mother Superior (Laura Hope Crews) informs her she cannot have custody of Carlo without a husband.
 Desperate, Ann decides to enter the convent as a nun, and is able to ascertain which child is her own.
 Ann is forced to leave the order, however, when she is caught trying to leave with the baby.
 Ann returns to her family villa, immerses herself in the piano, and becomes an acclaimed concert pianist.
 Years later, after hiring an agency to track her son, Ann learns that Carlo was adopted by diplomat Marco Turina (John Halliday) and his wife Sylvia (Mona Barrie).
 A friend, Groce (Walter Kingsford), helps Ann get invited to a party at the Turina home, and there Ann sees Carlo, who is now called Guido Turina (David Scott) and is a young college student.
 A bond between Guido and Ann develops, and he confides to her that he feels a strange calling to become a musician, although his father plans for him to follow the long line of Turina men and become a diplomat.
 In order for Ann to continue to see Guido and coerce Marco to allow the boy to sing, she develops a friendship with Marco, but Sylvia misconstrues the relationship, and a desperate Ann is forced to confront her.
 Ann reveals Guido's parentage to Sylvia so that Sylvia will help the young man fulfill his true destiny.
 Ann agrees to leave, but receives her life's wish when Guido becomes an opera star."
Wortham is an historic manor within the parish of Lifton in Devon, England.
 The early 16th century manor house survives, today the property of the Landmark Trust.
 It was long the seat of the Dynham family, a junior branch descended from the Anglo-Norman magnate Baron Dynham.
 A mural monument survives in Lifton Church to John Dynham (d.1641) of Wortham, consisting of an escutcheon showing the arms of Dynham of Wortham impaling Harris of Hayne ("Sable, three crescents argent a bordure of the last)") with the crest of Dynham above: "An arm couped or hand azure holding a lock of hair sable", with an inscribed tablet beneath.
 John Dynham (d.1641) was the last in the male line and married Margaret Harris (d.1650), a daughter of Arthur Harris (1561-1628) of Hayne in the parish of Stowford and lord of the manor of Lifton, both in Devon, and of Kenegie in the parish of Gulval in Cornwall, Sheriff of Corwall in 1603 and Captain of St Michael's Mount, Cornwall.
 Arthur Harris's grandfather John Harris (d.1551) of Hayne, a Serjeant-at-Law and Recorder of Exeter, had purchased the manor of Lifton from the Nevile family, Earls of Northumberland.
 John Dynham (d.1641) died without progeny whereupon his heir (also heir to his younger brother Arthur Dynham) was his niece Mary Hex, a daughter of his sister Margaret Dynham by her husband John Hex of Alternon in Cornwall, who married John Harris of Lifton a relative of Margaret Harris (wife of John Dynham (d.1641)), to which family of Harris passed Wortham.
Pauahi (c.1804–1826) was a member of the royal family of the Kingdom of Hawaii in the House of Kamehameha.
 Referred as Pauahi in her lifetime, she is often referred to as Kalanipauahi or Kalani Pauahi to differentiate her from her niece and namesake Bernice Pauahi Bishop.
