"Drunk" is a song by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran.
 It was released as the fourth single lifted from the debut studio album "+" on 17 February 2012.
 The song was written by Ed Sheeran and Jake Gosling and produced by Gosling.
 The single entered the UK Singles Chart at number 63.
 The week after, it climbed to number 29.
 Later on, it climbed to number 9, making it his fourth top ten single.
Songs I Wrote with Amy is an extended play, independently released by Ed Sheeran on April 4, 2010.
 After the success of +, Sheeran re-released five of his EPs, including "Songs I Wrote with Amy", which was released a second time on December 9, 2011.
 All of the songs were written collaboratively by Ed Sheeran and Amy Wadge.
"Castle on the Hill" is a song by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran.
 It was released as a digital download on 6 January 2017 as one of the double lead singles from his third studio album "÷" (2017), along with "Shape of You".
 "Castle on the Hill" was written and produced by Ed Sheeran and Benny Blanco.
"One" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran for his second studio album, "x" (2014).
 Sheeran wrote the song immediately after releasing his debut album, "+" (2011).
 It marked the last occasion wherein Sheeran wrote about his former girlfriend, who inspired all the romantic compositions on "+".
 "One" was produced by frequent collaborator Jake Gosling and its music was based primarily on acoustic guitar.
 Critics were generally positive toward the song; it was noted for its guitar-driven sound and Sheeran's use of falsetto.
÷ (pronounced "divide") is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran.
 It was released on 3 March 2017 through Asylum Records and Atlantic Records. "
Castle on the Hill" and "Shape of You" were released as the album's lead singles on 6 January 2017.
"Moments" is a song by English-Irish boy band One Direction from their debut studio album, "Up All Night" (2011).
 It was written by Ed Sheeran, and Si Hulbert, the song's producer.
 In 2011, as One Direction member Harry Styles told Sheeran that the boy band did not have enough songs for their album, Sheeran offered "Moments" as a track that Sheeran "was never going to use".
"Sing" is a song by English singer-songwriter, Ed Sheeran.
 It was written by Sheeran and Pharrell Williams, who also produced it and provided uncredited background vocals.
 The song was released on 7 April 2014, serving as the lead single from Sheeran's second studio album, "×" (2014).
 The song became Sheeran's first UK number-one single and also topped the charts in Australia, New Zealand and Ireland.
 It also peaked at No. 13 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
"Photograph" is a song recorded by the English singer-songwriter, Ed Sheeran, for his second studio album, "×" (2014).
 Sheeran wrote the song with Snow Patrol member, Johnny McDaid, who had a piano loop from which the composition developed.
 After recording several versions with other producers, Sheeran eventually solicited help from Jeff Bhasker; the collaboration generated a version that Bhasker further enhanced for months.
 The ballad derives its music primarily from an acoustic guitar, piano and programmed drums.
 With visually descriptive lyrics, it discusses a long-distance relationship inspired by Sheeran's own experience of being away from his then-girlfriend while he was on tour.
 IDA
Jumpers for Goalposts: Live at Wembley Stadium is a home video by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, released on Blu-ray on 13 November 2015.
 It features the footage taken from Sheeran's x Tour, when he became the first solo artist to take the stage at Wembley Stadium in London and played across three sold out nights to a crowd of 240,000 people.
 "Jumpers for Goalposts: Live at Wembley Stadium" features performances of hits like "The A Team", "Sing" or "Thinking Out Loud".
 Sir Elton John duets with Sheeran on two songs.
 Aside from the live performances, "Jumpers for Goalposts: Live at Wembley Stadium" gives viewers an insight into life backstage on the road with Sheeran.
 Simultaneously, "Jumpers for Goalposts: Live at Wembley Stadium" was released on DVD as part of the re-release of Sheeran's 2014 "x" album.
 This CD/DVD combo titled "x (Wembley Edition)" also includes five new tracks on the CD portion.
Justin Farell Alamar (born April 23, 1982), better known as J Farell, is an American music producer from Cherry Hill, NJ.
 He graduated from Rutgers University where he was first exposed to music production.
 J Farell broke into the recording industry in 2010 and is best known for producing remixes for artists such as Kreayshawn, J. Cole, Roscoe Dash, Gorilla Zoe, Hyper Crush, Gotye, Driicky Graham, Rita Ora, Wiz Khalifa, Eva Simons, Bruno Mars, Ed Sheeran, and more.
 He received his first official placement with Entertainment One for the remix of Gorilla Zoe's song "Twisted".
 In March 2011, it debuted on Philadelphia's radio station Wired 96.5.
 This remix was digitally released on iTunes by Atlantic Records on May 23, 2011.
 J Farell first received widespread recognition on August 29, 2011 when his remix of Kreayshawn's single "Gucci Gucci" went viral on YouTube and gained over 7 million views in under 12 hours.
 A week later, the video charted at #7 on YouTube's Top 100 Music Videos.
 In 2013, Ed Sheeran spoke about J Farell's remix of his song The A Team with Ralphie Aversa on WPLJ's The Ralphie Radio Show.
 J Farell began working on a collaboration project with Dj Beatstreet and Dj Suraci.
 In May 2015, the trio formed the group Money Drop and, two months later, released their first collaborative single entitled Everything on Fleek.
 With the help of Interscope Records in July 2015, J Farell landed the official remix of Good For You by Selena Gomez featuring A$AP Rocky.
 In November 2015, J Farell collaborated with singer/songwriter Todd Carey and created a refreshed, doo-wop style remix of Todd's single "OMG".
 On December 4, 2015, the official OMG Remix was released to a positive response on social media.
 His work is noted by an announcer or a giggling woman saying the "J Farell" tagline in most of his recent music.
