Aqua-Lung was the original English name of the first open-circuit, self-contained underwater breathing apparatus (or "SCUBA") to reach worldwide popularity and commercial success.
 This class of equipment is now commonly referred to as a diving regulator or demand valve.
 The Aqua-Lung was invented in Paris during the winter of 1942–1943 by two Frenchmen: the engineer Émile Gagnan and Naval Lieutenant ("lieutenant de vaisseau") Jacques Cousteau.
 It allowed Cousteau and Gagnan to film and explore more easily underwater.
Zero Band () are a Chinese rock band from Inner Mongolia.
 The lead singer is Zhou Xiaoou (周晓鸥).
 The English name "Zero Band" was used in Beijing concert advertisements, though the band did not originally use an English name; the name has also been translated as "Point Zero" in some older English publications.
 The band appeared on the Jingwen label in China, but were licensed outside China by JVC.
 One of the top Beijing bands at the end of the 1990s, Lingdian originally suffered the same resistance from government-owned venues as other indigenous PRC rock bands.
Don is a masculine given name in the Irish language and a short form of another masculine given name in the English language.
 The Irish name is derived from the Irish "donn"; the name can either mean "brown", or "chief", "noble".
 The Irish name is a variant spelling of "Donn".
 The English name is unrelated to the Irish name; this name is a short form of the given name "Donald".
 Pet forms of this English name include: "Donnie" and "Donny".
 It can also be a surname, also derived from "brown".
 It is a common name in the English language.
Tottoko Hamutaro Haai!
 (とっとこハム太郎は〜い!
 , Tottoko Hamutarō Hai! )
 is the sequel to 'Tottoko Hamutaro: Hamu Hamu Paradichu!
.
 The series revolves around the 15 original Ham-Hams in short 5-minute episodes.
 The Hai!
 series is animated differently from the original series, most notably, the head-to-body ratio is off, and it is also computer-generated in 3-D.
 It has never been aired in English, but has aired in Italian under the title of "Hi!
 Hamtaro: Piccoli Criceti Grandi Avventure", in Mandarin under the same name as the original series, "Hamutailang" (Hamtaro), as well as in Thai and Korean, and in Indonesian under "Hi!
 Hamtaro: Little Hamsters, Big Adventures (its official English name) .
 There is a video game called "Tottoko Hamutaro Hai!
: Hamu Hamu Challenge!
 Atsumare Hai!"
 in allusion to the series, which is called "Hi!
 Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Challenge" in English to reflect the show's official English name.
The proper name of Quebec City is Québec (with an acute accent), in both official languages of Canada (English and French).
 This name is used by both the federal and provincial governments.
 The acute accent differentiates between the official English name of the city, Québec, and the constitutional English name of the province, Quebec.
Bek is an English name, the name Bek means - brook.
 The name Bek originated as an English name.
 The name Bek is most often used as a boy name or male name.
The Anvil Chorus is the English name for the Coro di Zingari (Italian for "Gypsy chorus"), a chorus from act 2, scene 1 of Giuseppe Verdi's 1853 opera "Il trovatore".
 It depicts Spanish Gypsies striking their anvils at dawn – hence its English name – and singing the praises of hard work, good wine, and Gypsy women.
 The piece is also commonly known by its opening words, "Vedi!
 Le fosche ".
The black tern ("Chlidonias niger") is a small tern generally found in or near inland water in Europe and North America.
 As its name suggests, it has predominantly dark plumage.
 In some lights it can appear blue in the breeding season, hence the old English name "blue darr".
The genus name is from Ancient Greek "khelidonios", "swallow-like", from "khelidon", "swallow": another old English name for the black tern is "carr (i.e. lake) swallow".
 The species name is from Latin "niger" "shining black".
Candy Chen (陳斯亞 born January 3, 1993) is a dancer, actress, host, singer, rapper and a model.
 She is featured on the Taiwanese variety shows: Blackie's Teenage Club and Blackie Lollipop.
 Candy was a member of the Taiwanese girl group Hey Girl from 2010 to 2011, and a member of from 2013 to 2016.
 She is 1/8th Dutch.
 She changed her name to Chen Yi-Ling in July 2012 to follow her mother's maiden name.
 Her English name becomes Nina Chen.
 In November 2013, she changed her name to Candy Chen (English Name) and Chen Si Ya (Chinese Name).
Couch is a surname.
 "Couch" has two different origins: it is a Cornish name thought to have derived from Cornish "cough" (red) and to have been a nickname for a redheaded man (the usual Cornish pronunciation is "cooch"); there is also an English name Couch which probably originated as a name for a maker of beds or bedding.
 The English name Couch has the variant forms Coucha, Couche, Coucher, Couchman and Cowcha.
