To the Green Fields Beyond is a game created in 1978 by SPI, or Simulations Publications Incorporated.
 It is about the battle of Cambrai, which took place from November 20 to December 7, 1917.
 At Cambrai, the British and the French tried to use the newly invented tank (land ship as it was called at the time) to break through German front lines.
The Battle of Edson's Ridge, also known as the Battle of the Bloody Ridge, Battle of Raiders Ridge, and Battle of the Ridge, was a land battle of the Pacific campaign of World War II between Imperial Japanese Army and Allied (mainly United States Marine Corps) ground forces.
 It took place from 12–14 September 1942, on Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands, and was the second of three separate major Japanese ground offensives during the Guadalcanal Campaign.
The Battle of Cambrai, 1918 (also known as the Second Battle of Cambrai) was a battle between troops of the British First, Third and Fourth Armies and German Empire forces during the Hundred Days Offensive of the First World War.
 The battle took place in and around the French city of Cambrai, between 8 and 10 October 1918.
 The battle incorporated many of the newer tactics of 1918, in particular tanks.
 The attack was an overwhelming success with light casualties in an extremely short amount of time.
The Siege of Cambrai took place from 20 March to 19 April 1677 during the Franco-Dutch War.
The Battle of El Herri (also known as Elhri) was fought between France and the Berber Zaian Confederation on 13 November 1914.
 It took place at the small settlement of El Herri, near Khénifra in the French protectorate in Morocco.
 The battle was part of the Zaian War, in which the confederation of tribes sought to oppose continued French expansion into the interior of Morocco.
 Having captured the strategic town of Khénifra earlier in the year, the French, under General Hubert Lyautey, entered negotiations with Mouha ou Hammou Zayani, who led the Zaian.
 Lyautey thought that peace could be achieved and ordered Lieutenant-Colonel René Laverdure, who commanded the garrison in Khénifra, not to launch any offensives.
The Battle for Henderson Field, also known as the Battle of Henderson Field or Battle of Lunga Point by the Japanese, took place from 23–26 October 1942 on and around Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands.
 The battle was a land, sea, and air battle of the Pacific campaign of World War II and was fought between the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy and Allied (mainly United States (U.S.) Marine and U.S. Army) forces.
 The battle was the third of the three major land offensives conducted by the Japanese during the Guadalcanal campaign.
The Battle of La Motta, also known as the Battle of Schio, Battle of Vicenza or Battle of Creazzo, took place at Schio, in the Italian region of Veneto, Republic of Venice, on 7 October 1513, between the forces of the Republic of Venice and a combined force of Spain and the Holy Roman Empire, and was a significant battle of the War of the League of Cambrai.
 A Venetian army under Bartolomeo d'Alviano was decisively defeated by the Spanish/Imperial army commanded by Ramón de Cardona and Fernando d'Avalos.
The Battle of Canal du Nord was part of a general Allied offensive against German positions on the Western Front during the Hundred Days Offensive of World War I.
 The battle took place in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France, along an incomplete portion of the Canal du Nord and on the outskirts of Cambrai between 27 September and 1 October 1918.
 To avoid the risk of having extensive German reserves massed against a single Allied attack, the assault along the Canal du Nord was undertaken as part of a number of closely sequenced Allied attacks at separate points along the Western Front.
 It began one day after the Meuse-Argonne Offensive, one day before an offensive in the Flanders region of Belgium and two days before the Battle of St. Quentin Canal.
The Battle of Courtrai (also known as the Second Battle of Belgium (French: "2ème Bataille de Belgique" ) and the Battle of Roulers (French: "Bataille de Roulers" )) was one of a series of offensives in northern France and southern Belgium that took place in late September and October 1918.
The Somaliland Campaign, also called the Anglo-Somali War or the Dervish War, was a series of military expeditions that took place between 1900 and 1920 in the Horn of Africa, pitting the Dervishes led by Mohammed Abdullah Hassan (nicknamed the "Mad Mullah", although he "was neither mad nor a mullah") against the British.
 The British were assisted in their offensives by the Ethiopians and Italians.
 During the First World War (1914–1918), Hassan also received aid from the Ottomans, Germans and, for a time, from the Emperor Iyasu V of Ethiopia.
 The conflict ended when the British aerially bombed the Dervish capital of Taleh in February 1920.
