Klaus Meine (born 25 May 1948) is a German vocalist, best known as the lead singer of the hard rock band Scorpions.
 He and guitarist Rudolf Schenker are the only two members of the group to appear on every Scorpions album.
 Meine was placed at #22 on Hit Parader's Top Heavy Metal Vocalists of All Time list in 2006.
"Send Me an Angel" is a song by the German rock band Scorpions, recorded for their eleventh studio album, "Crazy World" (1990).
 The song was composed by Rudolf Schenker, written by Klaus Meine, and produced by Keith Olsen and the band.
 It was released as the album's fourth and final single in September 1991.
 Along with "Wind of Change", the song became the album's signature track, reaching number 44 on "Billboard" Hot 100 Chart on January 25, 1992, number 8 on the Mainstream Rock Chart and high chart positions in many European countries.
"No One Like You" is a song by German rock band Scorpions.
 It was written by band members Rudolf Schenker (guitar) and Klaus Meine (lead singer), and released as the lead single from the band's eighth studio album Blackout (1982).
 The song was produced by Dieter Dierks and recorded at Dierks' own studio.
"You're the One" is a song recorded by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler for her eleventh studio album, "Free Spirit" (1995).
 It was written by German songwriters Rudolf Schenker and Klaus Meine, both of whom are members of hard rock band Scorpions.
 The song was produced by Humberto Gatica and Simon Franglen.
 "You're the One" was released as a single in 1995.
 It spent one week in the German Top 100, reaching number ninety-nine.
"Wind of Change" is a power ballad by the German rock band Scorpions, recorded for their eleventh studio album, "Crazy World" (1990).
 The song was composed and written by the band's lead singer Klaus Meine and produced by Keith Olsen and the band.
 It was released as the album's third single in January 1991 and became a worldwide hit, just after the failed coup that would eventually lead to the collapse of the Soviet Communist regime.
 The song topped the charts in Germany and across Europe and peaked at number four in the United States on August 31, 1991 and number two in the United Kingdom.
 It later appeared on the band's 1995 live album "Live Bites", their 2000 album with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, "Moment of Glory", and on their 2001 unplugged album "Acoustica".
James Kottak (born December 26, 1962, Louisville, Kentucky) is an American drummer.
 He is best known for his work with the German hard rock band Scorpions, which he joined in 1996.
 At the time of leaving the band he was their all-time longest-standing drummer, surpassing Herman Rarebell, who spent 18 years in the band.
Taken By Force is the fifth studio album by German hard rock band Scorpions, released by RCA Records in 1977.
 This was the first Scorpions album to feature drummer Herman Rarebell and the final studio album to feature guitarist Uli Jon Roth.
 Roth left the band in 1978 following the end of the album's tour, and was eventually replaced by Matthias Jabs.
Scorpions are a German rock band formed in 1965 in Hanover by Rudolf Schenker.
 Since the band's inception, its musical style has ranged from hard rock to heavy metal.
 The lineup from 1978–92 was the most successful incarnation of the group, and included singer Klaus Meine (vocals), Rudolf Schenker (rhythm guitar), Matthias Jabs (lead guitar), Francis Buchholz (bass guitar), and Herman Rarebell (drums).
 The band's only constant member has been Schenker, although Meine has been the lead singer for all of the band's studio albums, and Jabs has been a consistent member since 1979.
"Big City Nights" is a song by German hard rock band Scorpions.
 The song was released as the sixth track of their 1984 album "Love at First Sting".
 Like many Scorpions songs, "Big City Nights" was composed by band members Rudolf Schenker and Klaus Meine.
 The song was also released as the third single from the album in 1984, with the B-side being "Bad Boys Running Wild".
 The guitar solo is performed by Rudolf Schenker.
"Rock You Like a Hurricane" is a song by German rock band Scorpions.
 The song was released as the lead single from their ninth studio album, "Love at First Sting" (1984).
 It was written by Klaus Meine and Herman Rarebell, and composed by Rudolf Schenker.
 The lyrics of "Rock You Like a Hurricane" also reference the title of the album on which it originally appeared – "Love at First Sting".
