Del Amitri is a Scottish alternative rock band, formed in Glasgow, Scotland in 1983.
 The band grew out of Justin Currie's Jordanhill College School band and came together after a teenaged Currie placed an advertisement in the window of a music store asking for people who could play to contact him.
 The band was formed with the original line-up of Currie (bass and vocals), Iain Harvie (lead guitar), Bryan Tolland (guitar) and Paul Tyagi (drums).
 Currie and Harvie were the only members of the band to remain present throughout its history.
 They were also the main songwriters of the group.
Hatful of Rain (The Best of Del Amitri) is an album by Del Amitri, released in September, 1998.
 It is a compilation of their greatest hits.
The Beggars' Guild is an American rock band from the state of Georgia.
 Its four members are influenced musically by Americana and roots music.
 They create music in the style of bands such as Tom Petty, Bruce Springsteen, Counting Crows, Led Zeppelin, Johnny Cash, Rolling Stones, Black Crowes, Pedro The Lion, Rich Mullins, Cracker, and Del Amitri.
 In 2006, they released their first album, an EP called Breaking Me Down.
 Breaking Me Down was released on the Favorite Gentlemen imprint.
Julian Dawson (born 4 July 1954, London, England) is a British singer–songwriter, guitarist and author.
 His style has been compared to Wilco and Ron Sexsmith.
 He is fluent in German and French.
 Outside his solo work, acts he has recorded with (as singer or harmonica player) include Gerry Rafferty, Glenn Tilbrook, Del Amitri, Dan Penn, Iain Matthews and his band Plainsong, Richard Thompson and Benny Hill.
 He also worked with German krautrockers Can, and BAP.
The Silencers are a Scottish rock band formed in London in 1986 by Jimme O'Neill and Cha Burns, two ex-members of the post-punk outfit Fingerprintz.
 Their music is characterised by a melodic blend of pop, folk and traditional Celtic influences.
 Often compared to Scottish bands with a similar sound like Big Country, Del Amitri and The Proclaimers, The Silencers have distinguished themselves with their eclectic sounds, prolific output and continued career.
 Their first single, "Painted Moon," was a minor international hit and invited critical comparisons to Simple Minds and U2.
 In 1987 they released their first album "A Letter From St. Paul," which included "Painted Moon" and another minor hit, "I See Red."
 Buoyed by the huge European hit "Bulletproof Heart", the band's third album "Dance to the Holy Man" is the band's commercial peak to date.
 Throughout the 1990s, The Silencers saw a popular taste shift away from their songwriter-based style of music toward grunge and electronic music.
Waking Hours is the second studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Del Amitri, released in July 1989.
 It reached number 6 in the UK Albums Chart and featured one of the band's most famous songs, "Nothing Ever Happens", which reached number 11 in the UK Singles Chart.
 The album's opening track, "Kiss This Thing Goodbye", entered the top 40 of the US "Billboard" Hot 100 when released as a single for the second time.
The discography of Del Amitri, a Scottish pop rock band formed in 1983, includes six studio albums, one live album, two compilation and 19 singles.
 Four of their studio albums reached the top 10 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Their first album, which is a self-title album released in May 1985 did not enter the UK Albums Chart at all, and their final studio album "Can You Do Me Good?
", released in 2002, peaked at number 13.
 The band's most successful studio album was their third "Change Everything", which reached second place in the UK Albums Chart.
 Also the band's compilation album, "Hatful of Rain: The Best of Del Amitri", got to fifth place in the UK Albums Chart.
 The band broke up in 2002.
 They played a reunion gig at The Hydro Glasgow on 24 January 2014.
 A live album, "Into the Mirror", recorded on the reunion tour in January and February 2014 was released on 20 October 2014.
Del Amitri is the eponymous debut album by the Scottish rock band Del Amitri, released in 1985 by Chrysalis Records.
 A CD reissue in 2003 included 4 bonus tracks.
Justin Robert Currie (born 11 December 1964) is a Scottish singer and songwriter, best known as a founding member of the band Del Amitri and, along with Iain Harvie, is one of only two members of the group to be present throughout its entire existence.
Iain Wallace Harvie (born 19 May 1962 in Glasgow, Scotland) is the guitarist with the Scottish rock band Del Amitri.
 Along with lead singer and bassist Justin Currie, Harvie is one of only two members to be present throughout Del Amitri's history since its 1982 inception.
 He is also the co-writer, with Currie, of many of the group's songs.
