The Nobel Prize in Chemistry (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i kemi" ) is awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences to scientists in the various fields of chemistry.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel, who died in 1896.
 These prizes are awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine.
 As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members elected by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
 The first Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded in 1901 to Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff, of the Netherlands.
 Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award prize that has varied throughout the years.
 In 1901, van 't Hoff received 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2007.
 The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
Herbert Kroemer (born August 25, 1928), a professor of electrical and computer engineering at the University of California, Santa Barbara, received his Ph.D. in theoretical physics in 1952 from the University of Göttingen, Germany, with a dissertation on hot electron effects in the then-new transistor, setting the stage for a career in research on the physics of semiconductor devices.
 In 2000, Kroemer, along with Zhores I. Alferov, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics "for developing semiconductor heterostructures used in high-speed- and opto-electronics".
 The other co-recipient of the Nobel Prize was Jack Kilby for his invention and development of integrated circuits and micro-chips.
The Nobel Prize in Literature (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i litteratur") is awarded annually by the Swedish Academy to authors for outstanding contributions in the field of literature.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel, which are awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine.
 As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members elected by the Swedish Academy.
 The first Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded in 1901 to Sully Prudhomme of France.
 Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award prize that has varied throughout the years.
 In 1901, Prudhomme received 150,782 SEK, which is equivalent to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2007.
 The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
Sir Charles Kuen Kao, GBM, KBE, FRS, FREng (born 4 November 1933) is a Chinese-born Hong Kong, American and British electrical engineer and physicist who pioneered in the development and use of fiber optics in telecommunications.
 Kao, known as the ""Godfather of Broadband"", ""Father of Fiber Optics"" or ""Father of Fiber Optic Communications"", was jointly awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physics for ""groundbreaking achievements concerning the transmission of light in fibers for optical communication"".
 Kao holds multiple citizenship of Hong Kong, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Since 1901, the Nobel Prize in Literature (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i litteratur" ) has been awarded annually to an author from any country who has, in the words of the will of Alfred Nobel, produced "in the field of literature the most outstanding work in an ideal direction" (original Swedish: "den som inom litteraturen har producerat det mest framstående verket i en idealisk riktning").
 Though individual works are sometimes cited as being particularly noteworthy, here "work" refers to an author's work as a whole.
 The Swedish Academy decides who, if anyone, will receive the prize in any given year.
 The academy announces the name of the chosen laureate in early October.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Physics, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i fysiologi eller medicin" ) is awarded annually by the Swedish Karolinska Institute to scientists and doctors in the various fields of physiology or medicine.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel (who died in 1896), awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine.
 As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members and an executive secretary elected by the Karolinska Institute.
 While commonly referred to as the Nobel Prize in Medicine, Nobel specifically stated that the prize be awarded for "physiology or medicine" in his will.
 Because of this, the prize can be awarded in a broader range of fields.
 The first Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded in 1901 to Emil Adolf von Behring, of Germany.
 Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award that has varied throughout the years.
 In 1901, von Behring received 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2008.
 In 2013, the prize was awarded to James E. Rothman, Randy W. Schekman and Thomas C. Südhof; they were recognised "after discovering how cells precisely transport material".
 The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
The Nobel Prize in Physics (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i fysik" ) is a yearly award given by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences for those who conferred the most outstanding contributions for mankind in the field of physics.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 and awarded since 1901; the others being the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Literature, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
The Nobel Prizes are awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, the Swedish Academy, the Karolinska Institute, and the Norwegian Nobel Committee to individuals who make outstanding contributions in the fields of Chemistry, Physics, Literature, Peace, Physiology or Medicine and Economics.
 All but the economics prize were established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel, which dictates that the awards should be administered by the Nobel Foundation.
 The Nobel prize in Economics, or The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, was established in 1968 by the Sveriges Riksbank, the central bank of Sweden, for outstanding contributions in the field of Economics.
 Each prize is awarded by a separate committee; the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awards the Prizes in Physics, Chemistry, and Economics, the Swedish Academy awards the Prize in Literature, the Karolinska Institute awards the Prize in Physiology or Medicine, and the Norwegian Nobel Committee awards the Prize in Peace.
 Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a cash prize that has varied throughout the years.
Hannes Olof Gösta Alfvén (] ; 30 May 1908 – 2 April 1995) was a Swedish electrical engineer, plasma physicist and winner of the 1970 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on magnetohydrodynamics (MHD).
 He described the class of MHD waves now known as Alfvén waves.
 He was originally trained as an electrical power engineer and later moved to research and teaching in the fields of plasma physics and electrical engineering.
 Alfvén made many contributions to plasma physics, including theories describing the behavior of aurorae, the Van Allen radiation belts, the effect of magnetic storms on the Earth's magnetic field, the terrestrial magnetosphere, and the dynamics of plasmas in the Milky Way galaxy.
Jack St. Clair Kilby (November 8, 1923 – June 20, 2005) was an American electrical engineer who took part (along with Robert Noyce) in the realization of the first integrated circuit while working at Texas Instruments (TI) in 1958.
 He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics on December 10, 2000.
 To congratulate him, American President Bill Clinton wrote, "You can take pride in the knowledge that your work will help to improve lives for generations to come."
