"Streets of Heaven" is a song co-written and recorded by Australian country music artist Sherrié Austin.
 It was released in June 2003 as the first single and title track from her album "Streets of Heaven".
 Austin wrote the song with Paul Duncan and Al Kasha.
Muscle & Fitness is a British fitness magazine, which contains articles on strength and fitness training, diet plans and strategies for men and women, and tips and advice.
Shape is a monthly English language fitness magazine started by Weider Publications in 1981, founded by Christine MacIntyre (a pioneer in women's free weight fitness) and became the number one women's fitness magazine.
 At that time, Weider Enterprises consisted primarily of the bodybuilding magazine "Muscle & Fitness".
 Joe Weider and Christine MacIntyre had differing views of how to present "Shape", Weider endorsing a less journalistic and more commercial approach to articles, MacIntyre endorsing a more academic, doctor-based magazine.
 Weider also endorsed a sexier approach to editorial while MacIntyre endorsed a healthier look for women, eschewing sexiness in the models and the copy.
 MacIntyre largely won that battle, editing a magazine that required that every byline have an advanced medical degree, that cover models should look healthy rather than sexy, and that sexist language be avoided.
 Christine MacIntyre was the editor-in-chief until her death in 1988.
 Tara Kraft is the current editor-in-chief.
 "Shape" found a readership based on that formula.
Ingrid Romero (born July 10, 1985) is an international fitness model, fitness competitor, and fitness coach.
 Training & Fitness Magazine called her "one of the most recognized faces in the fitness industry," and "one of the most accomplished female fitness stars ever."
Anais Zanotti (born January 8, 1986 in Saint-Tropez) is a French model and stunt woman of French and Italian ancestry who lives in Miami, Florida.
 She has been featured in magazines such as "Playboy", "FHM", "Maxim", "GQ", "Cosmopolitan", "Vogue", and "People", Men's Fitness magazine, Muscle and Fitness, Women Fitness magazine and more.
 She has over 40 magazine covers.
 Zanotti is also a certified skydiver with over 1250 jumps.GS .
Memphis Sport is a sports and fitness magazine featuring articles on local and regional teams, players and events.
 In addition, "Memphis Sport" focuses on health and fitness for an active lifestyle.
 The magazine debuted in Memphis, Tennessee in July 2006.
 Local franchises covered include the University of Memphis Tigers, Memphis Redbirds, Mississippi Riverkings and Tennessee Titans.
Dr Wendy Elizabeth Austin Hewitt, Wendy Austin is a BBC journalist and broadcaster in BBC Northern Ireland, and former presenter of BBC Radio Ulster’s current affairs programme "Talkback".
Joel Snape (born 28 February 1979) is an English author.
 He is most famous for having written the Dylan Douglas series, described by the Daily Telegraph as having the "flavour of a junior Martin Amis."
 He is also GMA-nominated contributor to the UK's Official PlayStation Magazine and unofficial PlayStation magazine PSM3, has written for Venue, and previously worked as The Boy Next Door, an agony uncle for J-17.
 He was the second person in the world to buy a PlayStation 3 commercially, and is currently the editor at large of the UK edition of Men's Fitness magazine.
Michael Yessis is a teacher, sports performance trainer, biomechanist, and author.
 He earned a Ph.D. from the University of Southern California.
 He has done work translating, adapting, and implementing sports training methodology from the former Soviet Union, including work by Yuri Verkhoshansky, Anatoliy Bondarchuk, and Vladimir Issurin, for over fifty years.
 Yessis has worked extensively with professional and amateur athletes, including Marv Marinovich, Evander Holyfield, Dianne DeNecochea, Jose Luiz Barbosa, and others in over 50 years of active work.
 Yessis worked with the Los Angeles Rams and Los Angeles Raiders professional football teams, as well as Team USA Volleyball.
 Muscle & Fitness Magazine referred to Yessis as a “legendary biomechanist.”
Elizabeth Austin (born 1958) is an American writer living in Oak Park, Illinois.
 Austin has lived in the Midwestern United States all her life.
 She began her journalism career at the now-defunct City News Bureau of Chicago and has written articles for national news magazines such as "Newsweek" and "Time", in addition to a wide range of other national and regional publications, such as "People", and the "Chicago Tribune".
 She has also written for "The Washington Monthly, Ladies Home Journal, Good Housekeeping, Self", and "Shape".
 She has often written about medicine and health care.
 Austin also has been heard on WBEZ, the National Public Radio station in Chicago, as well as the BBC in the UK and Scotland.
 She has appeared on the Today Show and on ITV in Europe.
