Brandenburg an der Havel (also called Brandenburg or Brandenburg City in English) is a town in Brandenburg, Germany, which served as the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg until replaced by Berlin in 1417.
Bauern Freund Print Shop is a historic print shop located at Marlborough Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
 It was built in 1838, and is a 2 1/2-story, brick building with a gable roof.
 It has a front porch with a hipped roof.
 The building was built by Enos Benner, a German-American publisher of "Der Bauern Freund" ("The Farmer's Friend") and other influential German language publications.
The Zeughaus (old Arsenal) in Berlin, Germany is the oldest structure at Unter den Linden.
 It was built by the Brandenburg Elector Frederick III between 1695 and 1730 in the baroque style, to be used as an artillery arsenal for the display of cannons from Brandenburg and Prussia.
 The first building master was Johann Arnold Nering.
 After his death in 1695, he was followed by Martin Grünberg, then Andreas Schlüter and finally Jean de Bodt.
 Andreas Schlüter designed the keystones above the round-arch windows in the form of heads of giants.
 Georg Friedrich Hitzig (1811-1881) constructed the monumental flight of steps to the upper floor of the north wing and also a roof over the courtyard.
Der Oderturm is a 24-storey, 95 m office skyscraper in Frankfurt (Oder), Germany, built between 1968 and 1976 when the city was part of East Germany.
 It is arguably the tallest office building in Brandenburg, with a mobile telephony mast.
 Its 89 m roof is 1 m less than that of the Stern-Plaza in Potsdam, built in 1998.
 The 107 m hall containing Tropical Islands and the 161 m steam generator at Schwarze Pumpe power station are taller structures, though they lack occupied floors.
Salem College Administration Building is a historic school administration building located on the campus of Salem International University at Salem, Harrison County, West Virginia.
 It was built in 1909-1910, and is 2 1/2-story, stone and brick building with a truncated hipped roof and full basement in the Collegiate Gothic style.
 It consist of an imposing central tower flanked by two symmetrical wings The wings feature large, two-story, parapet-gabled wall dormers.
 The roof is topped by small, hipped roof cupola.
The Brandenburg an der Havel tramway network (German: "Straßenbahnnetz Brandenburg an der Havel" ) is a network of tramways forming the centrepiece of the public transport system in Brandenburg an der Havel, a city in the federal state of Brandenburg, Germany.
Little Falls City Hall is a historic city hall located at Little Falls in Herkimer County, New York.
 It was built between 1916 and 1918, and is a 2 1/2-story, steel frame building faced in brick and terra cotta in the Classical Revival style.
 It has a slate covered mansard roof with decorative copper and dormers and sits on a concrete foundation.
 Atop the roof is a large lantern structure with a tiled dome roof and arched windows paneled with colored art glass.
 The main section of the building is seven bays wide and two bays deep.
 The front facade features a monumental, three-bay, projecting center entrance pavilion with four fluted pilasters.
The Brandenburg Gate (German: "Brandenburger Tor" ) is an 18th-century neoclassical monument in Berlin, built on the orders of Prussian king Frederick William II after the (temporarily) successful restoration of order during the early Batavian Revolution.
 One of the best-known landmarks of Germany, it was built on the site of a former city gate that marked the start of the road from Berlin to the town of Brandenburg an der Havel, which used to be capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg.
Willow Mill Complex is a complex of historic buildings located at Richboro, Northampton Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
 The complex consists of the Shaw-Leedom House and spring house / smoke house and the Howard Sager House, wagon house, and grist mill.
 The Shaw-Leedom House was built about 1800, and is a 2 1/2-story, five bay, stone dwelling with a gable roof in the Federal style.
 It has a 1 1/2-story, two-bay stone wing believed to be the kitchen wing from an earlier house.
 The adjacent stone spring / smoke house was also built about 1800.
 The Willow Mill was built in the 1840s, and is a four-story stone building converted to residential use in 1938.
 The Sager House was built in 1847, and is a 2 1/2-story, three bay, ashlar stone building.
 It has a gable roof with dormers and shed roof "Dutch Stoop" kitchen wing.
 Associated with it is a two-story, frame wagon house dated to the 19th century.
Villa Maria Academy are two connected historic school buildings located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania.
 It was built in 1892, with additions and alterations in 1904 and 1927.
 The original building, known as the motherhouse, is a 2 1/2-story, red brick building with terra cotta trim in the High Victorian Gothic style.
 It features a cross gable roof with dormers and two conical roof turrets.
 The 3 1/2-story addition was completed in 1904.
 It is in the Gothic style and features parapet walls, a second story projecting bay, terra cotta decoration, and a hipped roof with dormers.
 Gannon Hall was built in 1927 and is connected to the original academy building by a two-story bridge.
 It is a 3 1/2-story, gable roofed building in the Late Gothic Revival style.
 The brick building features stepped gable dormers and the College Chapel section with stained glass windows, conical roof tower, and pointed buttresses.
 The College Chapel, also known as Villa Chapel, was added to Preservation Pennsylvania At Risk List in 2011.
