Star Wars Detours is an American computer-animated television series produced by Lucasfilm Animation in collaboration with "Robot Chicken" creators Seth Green and Matthew Senreich.
 Although roughly two seasons of the show exist, they have never been released to the public.
 Since The Walt Disney Company's acquisition of Lucasfilm in 2012, the show has been on hiatus, to allow Lucasfilm Animation to focus fully on the next entries in the "Star Wars" film saga, Episodes VII-IX.
 It is unclear if the finished episodes will be released at some point in the future.
Hell and Back is a 2015 American stop-motion adult animated fantasy comedy film directed by Tom Gianas and Ross Shuman, and written by Gianas, Hugh Sterbakov, and Zeb Wells.
 It stars the voices of Nick Swardson, Mila Kunis, Bob Odenkirk, T.J. Miller, Rob Riggle, Susan Sarandon, and Danny McBride.
 The film was released October 2, 2015, by Freestyle Releasing.
SuperMansion is an American stop-motion animated comedy television series created by Matthew Senreich and Zeb Wells.
 The series stars Bryan Cranston, Heidi Gardner, Tucker Gilmore, Keegan-Michael Key, Tom Root, Yvette Nicole Brown, Zeb Wells, and Jillian Bell.
 The series premiered on Crackle on October 8, 2015.
Civil War: Young Avengers/Runaways (also called Civil War: Young Avengers & Runaways in the collected edition) is a comic book mini-series tie-in to Marvel Comics' "Civil War" crossover event.
 The series serves as a team-up between the characters from "Young Avengers" and "Runaways".
 The series was written by Zeb Wells with art by Stefano Caselli.
 "Young Avengers" co-creator Allan Heinberg and "Runaways" co-creator Brian K. Vaughan served as creative consultants to Wells.
Debrii (Deborah Fields) is a fictional character, a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 She debuted in "New Warriors" vol.
 3 #4.
 She was created by artist Skottie Young with the help of writer Zeb Wells.
 Little is known about her at this time.
 She avoided being killed in the opening shots of Marvel's Civil War by not reuniting with the team after their reality show was cancelled the first time in "New Warriors" vol.
 3 #6.
Robot Chicken is an American stop motion sketch comedy television series, created and executive produced for Adult Swim by Seth Green and Matthew Senreich along with co-head writers Douglas Goldstein and Tom Root.
 The writers, especially Green, also provide many of the voices.
 Senreich, Goldstein, and Root were formerly writers for the popular action figure hobbyist magazine "ToyFare".
 "Robot Chicken" has won an Annie Award and five Emmy Awards.
"Spidey Meets the President!"
 is a backup feature in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #583, written by Zeb Wells, with art by Todd Nauck and Frank D'Armata.
 The cover of the issue shows Barack Obama giving a thumbs-up to Spider-Man.
 The comic book was published the week before Obama's inauguration in January 2009.
Titan Maximum is an American stop motion animated television series created by Tom Root and Matthew Senreich.
 The series premiered on Cartoon Network's late night programing block, Adult Swim, on September 27, 2009 with its finale airing on November 22, 2009.
 A teaser premiered during the ""Robot Chicken" on Wheels" tour and at the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con International.
 It is a parody of the "Super Robot" anime style produced using stop motion animation.
Stoopid Monkey, LLC (stylized as sTOoP!d MoNkEy) is the production company of Seth Green and Matthew Senreich, established in 2005.
 It is one of the producers of the Adult Swim animated television series "Robot Chicken" and "Titan Maximum".
Zeb Wells is an American comic book writer known for his work at Marvel Comics, as well as his work on the animated TV series "Robot Chicken".
