The Regional District of Kitimat-Stikine is a type of local government administration in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.
 As of the Canada 2001 Census it had a population of 40,876 living on a land area of 91,910.63 km² (35,486.89 sq mi).
 Its administrative offices are in the city of Terrace.
 The next-largest municipality in the regional district is the District Municipality of Kitimat.
 The other incorporated municipalities in the regional district are the Village of Hazelton, the District of New Hazelton and the District of Stewart.
 Unincorporated communities are many, most of them Indian Reserves which are not part of the governmental system of the regional district, which has limited powers relating mostly to municipal-type services.
 The remote settlement of Dease Lake, formerly in the Stikine Region, was added to the regional district on December 1, 2007.
The Fraser Valley Regional District (FVRD) is a regional district in British Columbia, Canada.
 Its headquarters are located in the city of Chilliwack.
 The FVRD covers an area of 13,361.74 km² (5,159 sq mi).
 It was created by an amalgamation of the Fraser-Cheam Regional District and Central Fraser Valley Regional District and the portion of the Dewdney-Alouette Regional District from and including the District of Mission eastwards.
The Regional District of Fraser-Fort George (RDFFG) is a regional district located in the Central Interior of British Columbia.
 It is bounded by the Alberta border to the east, the Columbia-Shuswap and Thompson-Nicola Regional Districts to the south/southeast, Cariboo Regional District to the southwest, the Regional District of Bulkley-Nechako to the west, and the Peace River Regional District to the north/northeast.
 As of the Canada 2011 Census, the Regional District had a population of 91,879, and a land area of 51,083.73 km² (19,723.54 sq mi).
 The offices of the Regional District are located at Prince George.
Cloverdale Rodeo and Country Fair is an annual rodeo and fair located in the town of Cloverdale in Surrey, British Columbia.
 It is held annually at the Cloverdale Fairgrounds during the Victoria Day holiday weekend, from the Friday to Monday.
The Regional District of Nanaimo is a regional district located on the eastern coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
 It is bordered to the south by the Cowichan Valley Regional District, to the west by the Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District, and to the northwest by the Comox Valley Regional District.
 Its administration offices are located in Nanaimo.
 During the 2011 census, its population was established at 146,567.
Peace River-Liard Regional District was a regional district in northeastern British Columbia, spanning from Tumbler Ridge in the southwest to Lower Post on the northwest, in the angle of British Columbia's borders with Yukon, the Northwest Territories and Alberta.
 It was created on October 31, 1987 and split into Fort Nelson-Liard Regional District and the Peace River Regional District on October 31, 1987.
 The Fort Nelson-Liard Regional District was renamed the Northern Rockies Regional District, then made into the Northern Rockies Regional Municipality on May 26, 1999.
The Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen (RDOS) is in southern British Columbia, adjacent to the U.S. state of Washington.
 It is bounded by Fraser Valley Regional District to the west, Thompson-Nicola Regional District and Regional District of Central Okanagan to the north, Regional District of Kootenay Boundary to the east, and by Okanogan County, Washington to the south.
 At the 2011 census the population was 80,742.
 The district covers a land area of 10,413.44 km2 .
 The administrative offices are in the City of Penticton.
The Northern Rockies Regional Municipality (NRRM), formerly the Northern Rockies Regional District (NRRD), and before that the Fort Nelson-Liard Regional District, is a municipality in northeastern British Columbia, Canada.
 Although portrayed as a regional municipality in its official name, it is actually classified as a district municipality.
 The NRRM’s offices are located in Fort Nelson, formerly an incorporated town that amalgamated with the NRRD on February 6, 2009 to form the NRRM.
 With the Peace River Regional District as the southern part, it was the northern part of the Peace River-Liard Regional District, which was split into two on October 31, 1987.
The Sunshine Coast Regional District of British Columbia is located on the southern mainland coast, across Georgia Strait from Vancouver Island.
 It borders on the Powell River Regional District to the north, the Squamish-Lillooet Regional District to the east, and, across Howe Sound, the Metro Vancouver District to the south.
 The regional district offices are located in the District Municipality of Sechelt.
The Cloverdale Fairgrounds (also known as the Cloverdale Exhibition Grounds) are located in the town of Cloverdale in Surrey, British Columbia.
 Since 1938, it has been the host site of Canada's second largest rodeo, the Cloverdale Rodeo and Country Fair.
