The Genting Sempah–Genting Highlands Highway is a main highway from Genting Sempah to Genting Highlands, Malaysia's famous mountain resort and entertainment parks.
 This is a private highway owned by Genting Berhad.
 The speed limit of the highway is 50 km/h (31 mph).
Jalan Batang Kali–Genting Highlands (Selangor state route B66/Pahang state route C66) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia.
 It is a second main road to Genting Highlands, Pahang after Genting Sempah–Genting Highlands Highway.
The Genting Monorail is a theme park monorail service at Genting Highlands.
 The trains are designed to look like caterpillars.
 This monorail was the first in Malaysia, and the service began in 1994.
 In July 2013, along with Corkscrew and Grand Prix Fun Kart, the Genting monorail service ceased operations.
Theme Park Hotel (Malay: "Hotel Theme Park" ) is a hotel in Genting Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia.
20th Century Fox World is an upcoming movie inspired theme park currently under construction in Genting Highlands (Resorts World Genting), Malaysia.
 The park will become the only functioning 20th Century Fox theme park in the world and the first in Asia upon its expected completion and opening in 2018 which may be delayed
The 2013 Genting Highlands bus crash was the deadliest road accident to occur in Malaysia.
 At least 37 passengers were killed and 16 others were injured in the accident which took place near Chin Swee Temple, Genting Highlands, Pahang.
 It occurred on 21 August 2013 at 2:15 pm, when the bus carrying 53 passengers lost control as it was going down an incline and it plunged into a deep ravine at about 60 metres at the kilometre 3.5 of the Genting Sempah-Genting Highlands Highway.
 The bus driver, Lim Kok Ho died on the spot.
Genting Malaysia Berhad () started in 1980 in Malaysia.
 In 1989, Genting Group and Resorts World Bhd underwent a restructuring exercise, which resulted in Resorts World Bhd acquiring from Genting Group of its entire gaming, hotel and resort-related operations inclusive of goodwill and other relevant assets.
 Resorts World Bhd is the subsidiary company of Genting Bhd under the leisure and hospitality division.
 Basically it manages everything at Genting Highlands except First World Hotel and First World Plaza, which are under First World Hotel & Resort Sdn Bhd.
The Maxims Hotel, formerly known as Highlands Hotel, is one of the 5 major hotels in Genting Highlands, Malaysia.
 The hotel is geographically located at the Selangor side of Genting Highlands in Hulu Selangor District.
Genting Grand Hotel is a hotel in Genting Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia.
 Along with Resort Hotel and Maxims Hotel, Genting Grand Hotel houses the Casino de Genting.
The Mohamed Noah Foundation Mosque (Malay: "Masjid Yayasan Mohamed Noah") is the only mosque in Genting Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia.
 It was opened in 1981.
 This mosque also acts as the rest area for Muslims to perform their prayers during, before or after vacation to Genting Highlands.
 It was named after Tan Sri Mohammad Noah, a Malaysian politician and he was among the founders of Genting Highlands after Tan Sri Lim Goh Tong.
