"Homerpalooza" is the 24th episode of "The Simpsons"' seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 19, 1996.
 The plot focuses on Homer joining the "Hullabalooza" music festival as a carnival freak.
 The episode title is a play on the Lollapalooza music festival.
 It was the last "The Simpsons" episode written by Brent Forrester and the last episode directed by Wes Archer.
 Peter Frampton and musical groups The Smashing Pumpkins, Cypress Hill, and Sonic Youth guest star as themselves.
Little Big Girl (Danish: "Ulvepigen Tinke" ) is a 2002 Danish children's film based on the book "Hungerbarnet" by Cecil Bødker.
Raymond S. Persi is an American animator, director, screenwriter, producer, storyboard artist and voice actor.
 He has directed many episodes of "The Simpsons", including "Mobile Homer", "The Girl Who Slept Too Little", "The Monkey Suit", "Little Big Girl", "24 Minutes", "Love, Springfieldian Style" and the Emmy-award winning "The Seemingly Never-Ending Story".
 Persi went on to work as a sequence director for "The Simpsons Movie" (2007).
"Four Great Women and a Manicure" is the twentieth episode of the twentieth season of "The Simpsons".
 First broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on May 10, 2009, it was the second Simpsons episode (after "Simpsons Bible Stories") to have four acts instead of the usual three.
 The episode tells four tales of famous women featuring "Simpsons" characters in various roles: Selma as Queen Elizabeth I, Lisa as Snow White, Marge as Lady Macbeth and Maggie as Howard Roark from Ayn Rand's "The Fountainhead".
"A Star Is Born Again" is the 13th episode from "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fourteenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 2, 2003.
 The episode owes much of its plot to "Notting Hill" (1999).
 While that film is about an actress (Julia Roberts) finding happiness with the owner of an independent bookstore, the Simpsons episode features Hollywood movie star Sara Sloane (Marisa Tomei) falling for Ned Flanders after visiting the Leftorium.
Big Girl's Blouse is an Australian skit program that aired in the mid-1990s on the Seven Network.
 The show was created by Gina Riley, Jane Turner and Magda Szubanski who all went on to star in "Kath & Kim".
 There were four one-hour episodes, plus the pilot, which are usually shown as eight half-hour episodes.
 The phrase "Big Girl's Blouse" is a British English idiom meaning "ineffectual or weak, someone failing to show masculine strength or determination".
Ronald Jaimeer C. Humarang (born December 15, 1994 in Agoncillo, Batangas, Philippines) is a Filipino singer and actor.
 His career started when he joined "Little Big Star" where became a major part of the Big Division of Little Big Star Season I, along with the likes of Sam Concepcion and Charice Pempengco.
 He has also been part of the Little Big Star’s album with his own rendition of "Iisa Lang Tayo".
 He did not make it to the top this time.
 He auditioned for Little Big Superstar, the spin-off of Little Big Star, wherein he emerged as the "First Honor" or the "Champion".
"Moonshine River" is the first episode of "The Simpsons"' twenty-fourth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 30, 2012.
 In the UK and Ireland, the episode aired on Sky 1 on 24 March 2013 with 1,295,000 viewers, making it the second most watched program that week.
 The episode has ten guest stars, Ken Burns, Zooey Deschanel, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Anne Hathaway, Maurice LaMarche, Don Pardo, Natalie Portman, Kevin Michael Richardson, Al Roker and Sarah Silverman.
 Deschanel, Gellar, Hathaway, Portman and Silverman reprise their roles as Bart's previous love interests, Mary Spuckler (from "Apocalypse Cow"), Gina Vendetti (from "The Wandering Juvie"), Jenny (from "The Good, the Sad and the Drugly"), Darcy (from "Little Big Girl") and Nikki (from "Stealing First Base"), respectively.
 This is the second episode in which the Simpsons go to New York City, the first episode being "The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson".
 The title is a parody of the 1961 Academy Award-winning song, "Moon River".
I'm a Big Girl Now is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from October 31, 1980 until May 8, 1981.
 The series, from "Soap" creator Susan Harris and producers Paul Junger Witt and Tony Thomas, was created and developed as a starring vehicle for Diana Canova, in an attempt to capitalize on her success playing Corinne Tate Flotsky on "Soap".
 The theme song, "I'm a Big Girl Now", words by Leslie Bricusse and music by George Aliceson Tipton, is sung by Canova.
"Little Big Girl" is the twelfth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 11, 2007.
 It was written by Don Payne, and directed by Raymond S. Persi.
 Natalie Portman guest starred as a new character, Darcy.
 The title is a play on the Dustin Hoffman movie "Little Big Man".
 The last time the title was parodied was in season 11's "Little Big Mom."
