Mikhail Aleksandrovich "Michael" Chekhov (Russian: Михаил Александрович Чехов , 29 August 1891 – 30 September 1955) was a Russian-American actor, director, author, and theatre practitioner.
 His acting technique has been used by actors such as Jack Nicholson, Clint Eastwood, Marilyn Monroe, and Yul Brynner.
 Konstantin Stanislavski referred to him as his most brilliant student.
 He was a nephew of the playwright Anton Chekhov.
François Alexandre Nicolas Chéri Delsarte (19 November 1811 – 20 July 1871) was a French musician and teacher.
 Though he achieved some success as a composer, he is chiefly known as a teacher in singing and declamation.
 He went on to develop an acting style that attempted to connect the inner emotional experience of the actor with a systematized set of gestures and movements based upon his own observations of human interaction.
 This Delsarte method (also known as the Delsarte system) became so popular that it was taught throughout the world, particularly in America, by many teachers who did not fully understand or communicate the emotional connections behind the gestures, and as a result the method devolved into melodramatic posing, the kind in response to which Konstantin Stanislavski would later develop his inner psychological methods.
The "art of representation" (Russian: "predstavlenie" ) is a critical term used by the seminal Russian theatre practitioner Konstantin Stanislavski to describe a method of acting.
 It comes from his acting manual "An Actor Prepares" (1936).
 Stanislavski defines his own approach to acting as "experiencing the role" and contrasts it with the "art of representation".
 It is on the basis of this formulation that the American Method acting teacher Uta Hagen defines her recommended Stanislavskian approach as 'presentational' acting, as opposed to 'representational' acting.
 This use, however, directly contradicts mainstream critical use of these terms.
 Despite the distinction, Stanislavskian theatre, in which actors 'experience' their roles, remains 'representational' in the broader critical sense.
Method acting is a range of training and rehearsal techniques that seek to encourage sincere and emotionally expressive performances, as formulated by a number of different theatre practitioners, principally in the United States, where it is among the most popular—and controversial—approaches to acting.
 These techniques are built on the Stanislavski's "system" of the Russian actor and director Konstantin Stanislavski.
 Though many have contributed to the development of the Method, three teachers are associated with "having set the standard of its success", though each emphasized different aspects of the approach: Lee Strasberg (the psychological aspects), Stella Adler (the sociological aspects), and Sanford Meisner (the behavioral aspects).
 The approach was first developed when they worked together at the Group Theatre in New York.
 All three subsequently claimed to be the rightful heirs of Stanislavski's approach.
 His three major books were "An Actor Prepares", "Building a Character", and "Creating a Role".
Konstantin Sergeievich Stanislavski ("né" Alexeiev; Russian: Константи́н Серге́евич Станисла́вский ; 17 January [O.S. 5 January] 1863 7 August 1938) was a seminal Russian theatre practitioner.
 He was widely recognised as an outstanding character actor and the many productions that he directed garnered a reputation as one of the leading theatre directors of his generation.
 His principal fame and influence, however, rests on his 'system' of actor training, preparation, and rehearsal technique.
 Calling him "the first great creator of a method of acting in the theatre," Jerzy Grotowski praised Stanislavski for "asking all the relevant questions that could be asked about theatrical technique."
 Stanislavski began developing a 'grammar' of acting in 1906; his initial choice to call it his System struck him as too dogmatic, so he wrote it as his 'system' (without the capital letter and in inverted commas) to indicate the provisional nature of the results of his investigations—modern scholarship and the standard edition of Stanislavski's works follow that practice; see Benedetti (1999a, 169), Gauss (1999, 3—4), Milling and Ley (2001, 1), and Stanislavski (1938) and (1957).
</ref>
Psycho-physical Awareness is a popular acting technique used in many schools and universities in the U.S. and Europe.
 This technique works on the relationship between the mind and the body and at developing an actor’s conscious awareness.
 In other words, recognizing the resulting sensory and mental states in reaction to physical stimuli.
 The pioneer of this technique is Constantin Stanislavski who sought to overcome the divisions between “mind from body, knowledge from feeling, analysis from action” through psychophysical training or the method of physical action, but it was Michael Chekhov who further developed an original and dependable method of what we now know to be psycho-physical awareness.
Stanislavski's system is a systematic approach to training actors that the Russian theatre practitioner Konstantin Stanislavski developed in the first half of the 20th century.
 Stanislavski was the first in the West to propose that actor training should involve something more than merely physical and vocal training.
 His system cultivates what he calls the "art of experiencing" (with which he contrasts the "art of representation").
 It mobilises the actor's conscious thought and will in order to activate other, less-controllable psychological processes—such as emotional experience and subconscious behaviour—sympathetically and indirectly.
 In rehearsal, the actor searches for inner motives to justify action and the definition of what the character seeks to achieve at any given moment (a "task").
Officially State Russian Drama Theatre named after Konstantin Stanislavski (Armenian: Կոնստանտին Ստանիսլավսկու անվան ռուսական պետական դրամատիկական թատրոն ), more commonly Stanislavski Russian Theatre, is a state theatre in the Armenian capital of Yerevan located on Abovyan Street in the central Kentron district of the city, next to Charles Aznavour Square.
 It was opened in 1937 and named after the Russian actor and theatre director Constantin Stanislavski since 1938.
 The theatre director is Alexander Grigoryan since 1965.
An Actor Prepares (Russian: "Работа актера над собой" ) is the first of Konstantin Stanislavski's books on acting, followed by "Building a Character" and "Creating a Role".
 Stanislavski intended to publish the contents of "An Actor Prepares" and "Building a Character" as a single volume, and in the Russian language.
 However, "An Actor Prepares" was first published as a single volume in English, and World War II delayed the publication of "Building a Character" for more than ten years.
Psychotechnique forms part of the 'system' of actor training, preparation, and rehearsal developed by the Russian theatre practitioner Konstantin Stanislavski.
 It describes the inner, psychological elements of training that support what he called "experiencing" a role in performance.
 In a rehearsal process, psychotechnique is interrelated with the "embodiment" of the role, in order to achieve a fully realised characterisation.
 Stanislavski describes the elements of psychotechnique in the first part of his manual "An Actor's Work".
