Last Day of Summer is a collection of tracks self-released by the garage rock/psychedelic band White Denim on September 23, 2010.
 The release notes from their official website state: "This record is something we made as a little summer retreat from our ongoing work on the third full length [album].
 Many of these tunes have been bouncing around since the formation of the band back in 06.
 We were super pumped to utilize a few fresh and casual musical approaches on this record."
 It is available to download for free (with an option to make a donation) from the band's official website.
 The version of "I'd Have It Just the Way We Were" is a different recording to the one that appears on their previous album, "Fits".
 "Last Day of Summer" was re-released on CD format on December 5, 2011.
 The cover art is an homage to "Preston Love's Omaha Bar-B-Q".
End Titles... Stories for Film is a compilation album from British electronic music act Unkle, inspired by feature films created since Unkle's previous 2007 album "War Stories", released on 7   2008 (2008--) .
 The album follows a title and a mixed soundscape, after Unkle's 2005 mix album "", but unlike that, composed entirely of original material.
 It features collaborators: Josh Homme (of Queens of the Stone Age), Black Mountain, Gavin Clark, Joel Cadbury (of South), James Petralli (of White Denim), "War Stories" producer Chris Goss, Dave Bateman, and James Griffith of Lake Trout/Unkle’s touring band.
Live at Third Man is a live EP released by the Texan band White Denim in the summer of 2011.
 It was produced by Jack White of The White Stripes and released as a 12" vinyl record on his record label Third Man Records.
Fits is White Denim's second LP on European label Full Time Hobby Records, following up the critically acclaimed releases of 2008's EU debut "Workout Holiday" and US debut "Exposion".
 The band's third full-length album was released in Europe on June 22, 2009, and was released in the United States on October 20, 2009 on Downtown Records.
Stiff is the seventh studio album by the band White Denim.
 It is their first release following the departure of drummer Josh Block and guitarist Austin Jenkins, who left in March 2015 to work on Leon Bridges' debut album "Coming Home".
 Jonathan Horne and Jeff Olson have joined the band after touring with James Petralli on his solo project Bop English.
 "Stiff" was released on 25 March 2016 by Downtown Records.
Takes Place In Your Work Space is White Denim's fifth EP released in 2011.
Workout Holiday LP is the debut album by rock band White Denim.
 After signing to the band's first record label, Full Time Hobby, in early 2008, White Denim first released the single "Let's Talk About It" on April 28 in Europe.
 The band followed the single with the release of its first full-length album entitled "Workout Holiday" to European listeners on June 23, 2008.
 The LP shares the same name as their nine-song "Tour EP"; however, it features newly re-recorded versions of songs from both the "Workout Holiday" EP as well as the "Let's Talk About It" EP.
Blunderbuss is the debut album by Jack White, released on April 23, 2012 through White's own label Third Man Records in association with XL Recordings and Columbia Records.
 The album was released in MP3, compact disc, and vinyl editions.
 The album was almost entirely written, recorded, and produced by White in 2011.
 The first single from the album, "Love Interruption", was released on January 30, 2012 through White's website and Third Man Records website.
 The album debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 with first-week sales of 138,000 copies.
 The album received Grammy Award nominations for Album of the Year and Best Rock Album at the 2013 Grammy Awards, while the single "Freedom at 21" was nominated for Best Rock Song.
 The single "I'm Shakin" was nominated for Best Rock Performance at 2014 Grammy Awards.
Exposion is the title of White Denim's first full length U.S. studio album.
 The debut record was first sold at live shows during their spring 2008 tour with Tapes 'n Tapes.
 The LP was distributed as an unlabeled CD-R in a paper wrapping, along with the title "11 Songs" printed on the front.
 This "Tour LP" has finally been pressed onto 7" records, and it was released November 3, 2008 on Transmission Entertainment.
 "Exposion" features many songs from previous releases, but most have been re-worked and re-recorded.
 The new album will be released much like the "Let's Talk About" EP (on vinyl and digital format only), with the band reporting that "CDs seem pretty worthless to us".
 The digital format of the album became available at the band's website on October 19, 2008, as announced at their October 20, 2008 show at Union Hall in Brooklyn, NY.
 It is also available as a Disc 2 to their 3rd album, Fits on most digital music services.
The discography of Propaganda (birth name Jason Emmanuel Petty), an American Christian hip hop and spoken word artist and poet from Los Angeles, California, consists of five studio albums, two EPs, twelve compilation appearances, eleven music videos, including one as a featured performer, and twenty-three guest appearances.
 Discovered by the underground hip hop collective Tunnel Rats, Petty made his debut in 2002 on "Speak Life" by Sev Statik.
 On April 8, 2003, he released his solo debut album, "Out of Knowhere", with UpRok Records, and recorded as part of the Tunnel Rats on "".
 He then recorded with the Tunnel Rats for the collective's 2004 self-titled album.
 In 2006 he released the "I Am Not Them EP" with Tunnel Rat Music and recorded "Live This" as part of the Tunnel Rats-affiliated group Footsoldiers.
 Footsoldiers also collaborated with KRS-One on his album "Life", with Petty appearing on the song "I Ain't Leaving", and DJ Tony Touch released a mixtape featuring the group.
 Petty released a second solo EP, "The Sketchbook: A Small Collection of Unreleased Material", independently in 2008, and his second album, "Listen Watch Focus", also came out in 2008 through End of Earth Records.
 Petty's next three albums were all released through the Portland-based Humble Beast Records.
 The first, entitled "Art Ambidextrous", was recorded in collaboration with Odd Thomas, and came out in 2011.
 Petty's third solo album, "Excellent", came out in 2012, and charted at No. 7 on the "Billboard" Top Gospel chart.
 Petty's fourth solo album, "Crimson Cord" came out on April 29, 2014, and charted at No. 5 on the Billboard Top Christian chart, No. 2 on the Top Gospel, and No. 8 on the Top Rap chart.
