Macalester College ( ) is a private, coeducational liberal arts college located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, US.
 It was founded in 1874 as a Presbyterian-affiliated but nonsectarian college.
 Its first class entered September 15, 1885.
 Macalester is exclusively an undergraduate four-year institution and enrolled 1,978 students in the fall of 2013 from 50 U.S. states and 90 countries.
 In 2015, "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Macalester as tied for the 23rd best liberal arts college in the United States, 6th for undergraduate teaching at a national liberal arts college, and 19th for best value at a national liberal arts college.
Seisen University (清泉女子大学 , Seisen joshi daigaku ) is a private Catholic liberal arts women's college in Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan.
 The predecessor of the school was founded in 1938, and it was chartered as a women's four-year college in 1950.
St. Norbert College (SNC) is a private Catholic liberal arts college in De Pere, Wisconsin.
 Founded in October 1898 by Abbot Bernard Pennings, a Norbertine priest and educator, the school was named after Saint Norbert of Xanten.
 In 1952, the college became coeducational.
 The school currently enrolls about 2,180 students.
The College of Saints John Fisher & Thomas More (also called Fisher More College and formerly known as The College of Saint Thomas More) was a private Catholic liberal arts college that operated from 1981 to 2014 in Fort Worth, Texas.
Siena College is an independent Roman Catholic liberal arts college in Loudonville, Albany County, New York, United States.
 Siena is a four-year, coeducational, independent college in the Franciscan tradition, founded by the Order of Friars Minor, in 1937.
 It has 3,000 full-time students and offers undergraduate degrees in business, liberal arts, and sciences.
Don Ashley Turlington is an author and musician born in 1972 in Silver Spring, Maryland.
 He graduated from Saint Joseph's College of Maine in Standish, Maine, in 2000 and received his master's degree from Western New Mexico University.
 Later Saint Joseph's would name him as one of their most notable alumni.
 He currently resides in Saint Augustine, Florida with his wife Laura and their two adopted daughters, Kasenia and Meliza.
Saint Joseph's College of Maine is a private Catholic liberal arts college in Standish, Maine, that grants bachelor's degrees in a traditional on-campus setting, as well as bachelor's and master's degrees via online education.
 The college’s 430 acre campus in southern Maine is located on the shore of Sebago Lake, just 18 mi from Portland, Maine’s largest city.
 It is the only Catholic college in Maine.
Rivier University, formerly Rivier College, is a private Catholic liberal arts university located in Nashua, New Hampshire.
A liberal arts college is a college with an emphasis on undergraduate study in the liberal arts and sciences.
 A liberal arts college aims to impart a broad general knowledge and develop general intellectual capacities, in contrast to a professional, vocational, or technical curriculum.
 Students in a liberal arts college generally major in a particular discipline while receiving exposure to a wide range of academic subjects, including sciences as well as the traditional humanities subjects taught as liberal arts.
 Although it draws on European antecedents, the liberal arts college is strongly associated with American higher education, and most liberal arts colleges around the world draw explicitly on the American model.
Wyoming Catholic College is a private, Catholic liberal arts college in Lander, Wyoming.
 It uses the town's sole Catholic church and accompanying facilities as an interim campus.
 WCC is the only private four-year institution of higher education in the state.
 It is endorsed by The Newman Guide to Choosing a Catholic College.
