Eugène (Eugeniusz) Minkowski (] ; 17 April 1885 – 17 November 1972) was a French psychiatrist of Jewish Polish origin, known for his incorporation of phenomenology into psychopathology and for exploring the notion of "lived time".
 A student of Eugen Bleuler, he was also associated with the work of Ludwig Binswanger and Henri Ey.
 He was influenced by the philosophy of Henri Bergson and by the phenomenologists Edmund Husserl and Max Scheler.
 He was a prolific author in several languages and regarded as a great humanitarian.
Time and Free Will: An Essay on the Immediate Data of Consciousness (French: "Essai sur les données immédiates de la conscience") is Henri Bergson's doctoral thesis, first published in 1889.
 The essay deals with the problem of free will, which Bergson contends is merely a common confusion among philosophers caused by an illegitimate translation of the unextended into the extended, as a means of introducing his theory of duration, which would become highly influential among continental philosophers in the following century.
Moina Mathers, born Mina Bergson (28 February 1865 – 25 July 1928), was an artist and occultist at the turn of the 20th century.
 She was the sister of French philosopher Henri Bergson, the first man of Jewish descent to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1927.
 She is, however, more known for her marriage to the English occultist, Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers, one of the founders of the organisation Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn and, after his death in 1918, for being the head of a successor organisation, called the Rosicrucian Order of the Alpha et Omega.
The 2011 Pulitzer Prizes were announced on Monday, April 18, 2011. "
The Los Angeles Times" won two prizes, including the highest honor for Public Service. "
The New York Times" also won two awards.
 No prize was handed out in the Breaking News category. "
The Wall Street Journal" won an award for the first time since 2007.
 Jennifer Egan's "A Visit From the Goon Squad" picked up the Fiction prize after already winning the 2010 National Book Critics Circle Award.
 Photographer Carol Guzy of "The Washington Post" became the first journalist to win four Pulitzer Prizes.
The Livingston Awards at the University of Michigan are American journalism awards issued to media professionals under the age of 35 for local, national, and international reporting.
 They are the largest, all-media, general reporting prizes in America.
 Popularly referred to as the "Pulitzer for the Young", the awards have recognized the early talent of journalists, including Michele Norris, Christiane Amanpour, David Remnick, Ira Glass, J. R. Moehringer, Thomas Friedman, Rick Atkinson, David Isay, Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, Tom Ashbrook, Nicholas Confessore, C. J. Chivers and Charles Sennot.
"Introduction to Metaphysics" (French: ""Introduction à la Métaphysique"") is a 1903 essay about the concept of reality by Henri Bergson.
 For Bergson, reality occurs not in a series of discrete states but as a process similar to that described by process philosophy or the Greek philosopher Heraclitus.
 Reality is fluid and cannot be completely understood through reductionistic analysis, which he said "implies that we go around an object", gaining knowledge from various perspectives which are relative.
 Instead, reality can be grasped absolutely only through intuition, which Bergson expressed as "entering into" the object.
Duration (French: "la durée") is a theory of time and consciousness posited by the French philosopher Henri Bergson.
 Bergson sought to improve upon inadequacies he perceived in the philosophy of Herbert Spencer, due, he believed, to Spencer's lack of comprehension of mechanics, which led Bergson to the conclusion that time eluded mathematics and science.
 Bergson became aware that the moment one attempted to measure a moment, it would be gone: one measures an immobile, complete line, whereas time is mobile and incomplete.
 For the individual, time may speed up or slow down, whereas, for science, it would remain the same.
 Hence Bergson decided to explore the inner life of man, which is a kind of duration, neither a unity nor a quantitative multiplicity.
 Duration is ineffable and can only be shown indirectly through images that can never reveal a complete picture.
 It can only be grasped through a simple intuition of the imagination.
Samuel Eliot Morison, (July 9, 1887 – May 15, 1976) was an American historian noted for his works of maritime history and American history that were both authoritative and popular.
 He received his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1912, and taught history at the university for 40 years.
 He won Pulitzer Prizes for "Admiral of the Ocean Sea" (1942), a biography of Christopher Columbus, and "John Paul Jones: A Sailor's Biography" (1959).
 In 1942, he was commissioned to write a history of United States naval operations in World War II, which was published in 15 volumes between 1947 and 1962.
 Morison wrote the popular "Oxford History of the American People" (1965), and co-authored the classic textbook "The Growth of the American Republic" (1930) with Henry Steele Commager.
 Over the course of his distinguished career, Morison received eleven honorary doctoral degrees, and garnered numerous literary prizes, military honors, and national awards from both foreign countries and the United States, including two Pulitzer Prizes, two Bancroft Prizes, the Balzan Prize, the Legion of Merit, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Matter and Memory (French: "Matière et mémoire", 1896) is a book by the French philosopher Henri Bergson.
 Its subtitle is "Essay on the relation of body and spirit" ("Essai sur la relation du corps à l’esprit"), and the work presents an analysis of the classical philosophical problems concerning this relation.
 Within that frame the analysis of memory serves the purpose of clarifying the problem.
 "Matter and Memory" was written in reaction to the book "The Maladies of Memory" by Théodule Ribot, which appeared in 1881.
 Ribot claimed that the findings of brain science proved that memory is lodged within a particular part of the nervous system; localized within the brain and thus being of a material nature.
 Bergson was opposed to this reduction of spirit to matter.
 Defending a clear anti-reductionist position, he considered memory to be of a deeply spiritual nature, the brain serving the need of orienting present action by inserting relevant memories.
 The brain thus being of a practical nature, certain lesions tend to perturb this practical function, but without erasing memory as such.
 The memories are, instead, simply not 'incarnated', and cannot serve their purpose.
Élan vital (] ) is a term coined by French philosopher Henri Bergson in his 1907 book "Creative Evolution", in which he addresses the question of self-organisation and spontaneous morphogenesis of things in an increasingly complex manner.
 "Elan vital" was translated in the English edition as "vital impetus", but is usually translated by his detractors as "vital force".
 It is a hypothetical explanation for evolution and development of organisms, which Bergson linked closely with consciousness – with the intuitive perception of experience and the flow of inner time.
