Sir Peter Bernhard Hirsch HonFRMS FRS (born 16 January 1925) is a figure in British materials science who has made fundamental contributions to the application of transmission electron microscopy to metals.
 Hirsch attended the Sloane School, Chelsea and St Catharine's College, Cambridge.
 In 1946 he joined the Crystallography Department of the Cavendish to work for a PhD on work hardening in metals under Lawrence Bragg.
 He subsequently carried out work, which is still cited, on the structure of coal.
Bragg is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia.
 The seat of Bragg is named after the eminent physicists Bragg – William Henry and his son, William Lawrence.
 The electorate is largely urban and encompasses a significant portion of the City of Burnside, stretching from the east parklands of Adelaide into the Adelaide Hills.
 After a redistribution following the 2006 election, the boundary moved eastwards to include suburbs that had formerly been in the seat of Heysen and now borders Kavel.
 Bragg currently includes the metropolitan suburbs of Beaumont, Burnside, Dulwich, Erindale, Hazelwood Park, Heathpool, Kensington Park, Leabrook, Linden Park, Rose Park, Marryatville, Skye, St Georges, Stonyfell, Toorak Gardens, Tusmore, Wattle Park and parts of Glen Osmond, and in the hills it includes Crafers, Cleland, Greenhill, Mount Osmond, Piccadilly, Summertown and parts of Ashton, Basket Range, Carey Gully, Horsnell Gully, Leawood Gardens and Uraidla.
Ronald Wilfred (or Wilfrid) Gurney (1898, Cheltenham, England – 14 April 1953, New York, New York) was a British theoretical physicist and research pupil of William Lawrence Bragg at the Victoria University of Manchester during the 1920s and 1930s, Bristol University during the 1930s and later in the USA, where he died.
Since 1915 there have been sixteen Australian winners of the Nobel Prize.
 The majority of these prizes (eight) have been awarded in the field of Physiology or Medicine, and include the second youngest ever laureate (William Lawrence Bragg, who was awarded the prize at 25 years of age).
 Bragg and his father (William Henry Bragg) are also the only father-son duo to have won a Nobel Prize in the same year.
 Most Australians awarded Nobel prizes before the end of the awarding of British/Imperial honours (in 1992) also received (or were offered) knighthoods.
Stephen Lawrence Bragg was Vice Chancellor of Brunel University from 1971-81.
 He was the son of William Lawrence Bragg and grandson of William Henry Bragg.
Sir William Henry Bragg (2 July 1862 – 12 March 1942) was a British physicist, chemist, mathematician and active sportsman who uniquely shared a Nobel Prize with his son William Lawrence Bragg – the 1915 Nobel Prize in Physics: ""for their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of X-rays"".
 The mineral Braggite is named after him and his son.
 He was knighted in 1920.
According to the Bragg–Gray cavity theory, the ionization produced in a small cavity within an irradiated medium or object is related to the energy absorbed in that medium as a result of its radiation exposure.
 It was developed in 1936 by British scientists Louis Harold Gray, William Henry Bragg, and William Lawrence Bragg.
Sir William Lawrence Bragg (31 March 1890 – 1 July 1971) was an Australian-born British physicist and X-ray crystallographer, discoverer (1912) of Bragg's law of X-ray diffraction, which is basic for the determination of crystal structure.
 He was joint winner (with his father, William Henry Bragg) of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1915: ""For their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of X-ray"", an important step in the development of X-ray crystallography.
Evan James Williams FRS (8 June 1903 – 29 September 1945) was a Welsh experimental physicist who worked in a number of fields with some of the most notable physicists of his day, including Patrick Blackett, Lawrence Bragg, Ernest Rutherford and Niels Bohr.
Walter Lawrence Bragg (February 25, 1838 – August 21, 1891) was an American Democratic politician and government official.
 He was one of the original commissioners of the Interstate Commerce Commission serving from the Commission's creation in 1887 until his death in 1891.
