Grinder Blues is a hard rock blues trio that features Doug Pinnick of King's X, guitarist and vocalist Jabo Bihlman and Scot "Little" Bihlman on drums, percussion and vocals.
Scatterbrain, released on March 17, 2017, is the second studio album by band KXM, a rock band formed in 2013 featuring King's X bassist and vocalist Doug Pinnick, former Dokken and Lynch Mob guitarist George Lynch and Korn drummer Ray Luzier.
Songs from the Closet is a compilation album of early demo recordings by King's X bassist / vocalist Doug Pinnick.
 It contains two previously unreleased songs and an audio commentary track by Pinnick.
5...GO is an album by South Korean rock band F.T. Island.
 It was released on 13 May 2015.
 The album was released to celebrate the band's fifth anniversary in Japan.
 The title track "Primavera" is a collaboration with Japanese rock singer Takahiro Moriuchi from One Ok Rock.
KXM is the self-titled debut album of the band KXM, a rock band formed in 2013 featuring former King's X bassist and vocalist Doug Pinnick, former Dokken and Lynch Mob guitarist George Lynch and Korn drummer Ray Luzier.
 The Japanese version of the album includes an exclusive bonus track, "Big Rocks."
Japanese rock band One Ok Rock has released eight studio albums, two EPs, 22 singles, seven video albums, six cover versions, and 32 music videos.
 One Ok Rock was formed in Tokyo, Japan in 2005, currently consists of Takahiro Moriuchi (vocals), Toru Yamashita (guitar/leader), Ryota Kohama (bass), and Tomoya Kanki (drums).
News, stylized as NEWS, is a four-member Japanese band consisting of Keiichiro Koyama, Takahisa Masuda, Shigeaki Kato and Yuya Tegoshi.
 The group's name is an acronym based on the cardinal directions (North, East, West, South).
 Formed in 2003 by Johnny Kitagawa as a nine-member group under the label Johnny's Entertainment, NEWS released a promotional single "NEWS Nippon" (News ニッポン , News Japan) , which was used for the World Cup of Volleyball Championships.
 In 2004, Takahiro Moriuchi (present-day Taka of One Ok Rock) left the group and the remaining eight members released their debut single, "Kibō: Yell" (希望 ~Yell~ , Hope ~Yell~) , which debuted atop the Oricon charts.
Vertical After was a thrash metal/pop punk band based in Canada and the United States.
 The band was noted for their elaborate rock videos, which aired on Canada's Much Music nationwide music station.
 The band recorded four CD albums and spent much of the period from 1989 to 2003 performing in clubs in the United States, Canada, and Europe.
 Vertical After toured around North America promoting their videos and albums including 1999's "Pop Goes Death", mixed by Doug Pinnick of King's X, and 2002's "Bloody Murdo", co-produced by Stuart Carruthers of Grip Inc.
 Some of their famous support-openings included Twisted Sister in New York, Iron Maiden's lead vocalist Bruce Dickinson in Los Angeles, Ice T's Body Count and other acts including King's X around the country.
Takahiro Moriuchi (森内 貴寛 , Moriuchi Takahiro , born April 17, 1988 in Tokyo) , known professionally as Taka, is the lead vocalist of the Japanese rock band ONE OK ROCK.
 Prior to this, he was in the boyband NEWS throughout 2003 until he left the group and the agency.
 Taka is the lyricist and composer of his band.
One Ok Rock, stylized as ONE OK ROCK (pronounced in Japanese as "one o'clock"), is a Japanese rock band formed in Tokyo, Japan in 2005.
 The band currently consists of Takahiro Moriuchi (vocals), Toru Yamashita (guitar/leader), Ryota Kohama (bass), and Tomoya Kanki (drums).
