The Royal Calpe Hunt of the British Crown Colony of Gibraltar originated in 1812 as the Civil Hunt.
 The fox hunt was initially a civilian endeavour that began when a pair of English foxhounds were imported to Gibraltar.
 The hunts took place across the border, in the Campo de Gibraltar area of Spain.
 However, in 1814, the membership of the Hunt underwent a substantial change.
 Many officers of the Gibraltar garrison joined the Hunt, which shifted from a civilian to a military enterprise.
 That year, the name was changed to the Civil Calpe Hunt.
 It retained that title until 1817, after which it was known as the Calpe Hunt.
 The first Master of the Hunt was Charles Elphinstone Fleeming.
 However, the Master most associated with the Hunt was Pablo Larios, Marquis of Marzales, who held that title for forty-five years.
 His election to that position in 1891 was not only historic, but strategic.
 His appointment represented only the second time that the position had not been filled by a member of the military.
 In addition, his Spanish heritage and influence in the Campo de Gibraltar, where he owned extensive estates, garnered him the loyalty of the local Spanish farmers, and therefore eased the ever-present tensions between the military and the farmers over the crop damage that was inherent to the Hunt.
 In 1906, King Edward VII of the United Kingdom and King Alfonso XIII of Spain became joint Patrons of the Hunt, after which it was known as the Royal Calpe Hunt.
 The tradition of the Hunt continued for more than a century, until 1939, and the onset of the Second World War
Alfonso G. Pablo Sr. (born September 29, 1939 in Camiling, Tarlac, Philippines) is a retired ordained Filipino Wesleyan clergyman who was General Superintendent of the Wesleyan Church of the Philippines from 1989 to 2005, and was the Chairman of the The International Conference of The Wesleyan Church (formerly Wesleyan World Fellowship) for four years from 2000.
 Pablo is currently General Superintendent "emeritus" of The Wesleyan Church of the Philippines, a distinguished professor at the Wesleyan Graduate School for Asia Pacific in Rosales, Pangasinan, adjunct professor at Asia-Pacific Nazarene Theological Seminary, and the chairman of Global Transformation Ministries (GTMI), and chairman of the Asia Evangelistic Fellowship Philippines (AEFP).
 Pablo has led various parachurch organizations in the evangelical community, including being the chairman of the Philippine Council of Evangelical Churches (PCEC).
 In 2010, Pablo published a book, "Transforming Leaders: The Filipino Church Administration".
Paul Hunt is a gymnastics coach and gymnastics clown.
 Hunt was born in Illinois, and now lives in Murray, Utah.
 He runs Hunt's Gymnastics Academy (a.k.a. Hunt's Gym) in Salt Lake City.
 Hunt has performed comedic performances of women's gymnastics routines, including the uneven bars, floor exercises, and the balance beam since 1980.
 He has performed on US and international television, including "Wide World of Sports" and "America's Funniest Videos".
William G. "Jerry" Boykin (born April 19, 1948) was the United States Deputy Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence under President George W. Bush from 2002 to 2007 and retired general officer.
 During his 36-year career in the military he spent 13 years in the Delta Force and was involved in numerous high-profile missions, including the 1980 Iran hostage rescue attempt, the 1992 hunt for Pablo Escobar in Colombia, and the Black Hawk Down incident in Mogadishu, Somalia.
 He is an author and teaches at Hampden–Sydney College, Virginia.
 He is currently executive vice president at the Family Research Council.
Pablo Salvador is a Chilean gay activist and blogger born in Panama as Salvador Sepúlveda Montoya.
 Pablo is Master in Direction of Communication of Pompeu Fabra University, Barcelona, Spain and Professor of History and Management.
 The greatest success of Chile in a gay contest was in February 2011 when Pablo Salvador, Mr. Gay Chile 2009 - 2010, won the International Mr Gay Competition.
Roger Hunt, MBE (born 20 July 1938) is an English former footballer who played as a forward.
 He spent eleven years at Liverpool and became the club's record goalscorer with 286 goals, until it was surpassed by Ian Rush.
 Hunt remains Liverpool's record league goalscorer.
 Under Bill Shankly, Hunt won two league titles and an FA Cup.
 Regarded as one of Liverpool's greatest ever players, Hunt is referred to as Sir Roger by the club's fans.
 He was ranked 13th on the 100 Players Who Shook The Kop, an official fan poll.
Ennio Bolognini (November 7, 1893—July 31, 1979) was an Argentine-born American cellist, guitarist, composer, conductor, professional boxer, pilot, and flight instructor.
 Though seldom remembered today, during his lifetime his musical virtuosity was widely admired by his contemporaries.
 Pablo Casals praised him as "the greatest cello talent I ever heard in my life", and Gregor Piatigorsky told Christine Walevska's father, "No, I am not the greatest cellist in the world; neither is Feuermann.
 The greatest is the Argentine Bolognini!"
 (A similar quote has been elsewhere misattributed to Emanuel Feuermann)
Delia Cancela (born 1940, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine pop artist and fashion designer.
 She has lived in Argentina, New York, London and Paris, and exhibited internationally.
 Retrospective exhibitions of her work and her collaborations with Pablo Mesejean include "Delia Cancela 2000-Retrospectiva" (2000), "Pablo & Delia, The London Years 1970-1975" (2001), and "Delia Cancela: una artista en la moda" (2013).
Killing Pablo: The Hunt for the World's Greatest Outlaw (2001) is a book by Mark Bowden that details the efforts by the governments of the United States and Colombia, their respective military and intelligence forces, and Los Pepes to stop illegal activities committed by Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar and his subordinates.
 It relates how Escobar was killed and his cartel dismantled.
 Bowden originally reported this story in a 31-part series published in "The Philadelphia Inquirer" and in a companion documentary of the same title.
The Greatest International Scavenger Hunt the World Has Ever Seen (GISHWHES, pronounced "gish-wes") is an annual week-long competitive media scavenger hunt originally held each October or November, but more recently each August.
 Teams of 15 competitors earn points for submitting photos and videos of themselves completing prompts from a list they receive at the beginning of the week.
 Actor Misha Collins officially founded GISHWHES in 2011 after a publicity stunt to help the television series "Supernatural" (on which Collins appears) win a People's Choice Award.
 The competition holds a world record for being the largest media scavenger hunt ever to take place, and several additional world records.
 On July 11th 2017, Collins announced that the 2017 hunt is to be the last iteration of GISHWHES in its current format.
