Robert "Bobby Bacala" Baccalieri, Jr., played by Steve Schirripa, is a fictional character on the HBO series "The Sopranos".
 A mobster, he is first shown as one of the soldiers and then later top aides to Corrado "Junior" Soprano.
 Throughout the series, he rises through the ranks of the organized crime organization, becoming a capo, as well as Tony Soprano's brother-in-law.
Special Agent Dwight Harris, played by Matt Servitto, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series "The Sopranos".
 He is an FBI agent assigned to Tony Soprano's case.
 A minor character during the first five seasons of the series, he plays a pivotal role throughout the sixth season as a "de facto" ally to Tony Soprano in his war against Phil Leotardo.
Silvio Manfred Dante, played by Steven Van Zandt, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series "The Sopranos".
 He is the consigliere to Tony Soprano in the Soprano crime family.
 He is usually a behind-the-scenes figure and tries not to draw much attention to himself.
 He does very well at maintaining the image of a legitimate businessman as the manager and owner of the Bada Bing strip club.
 Silvio usually keeps his cool in even the worst situations but has been known to reveal his temper when necessary (or when playing poker).
 Silvio is a movie and film connoisseur and has an encyclopedic mind for movie lines.
 Throughout the series, he entertains the other family members by request with lukewarm Godfather impressions, mimicking Michael Corleone's remark in "The Godfather Part III": "Just when I thought I was out...they pulled me back in."
 Silvio is one of the most loyal mobsters in the Soprano crime family.
Michael Rispoli (born November 27, 1960) is an American character actor.
 He was in the cast of the HBO television series "The Sopranos" as Jackie Aprile, Sr. Rispoli reunited with "Sopranos" co-star James Gandolfini in the 2009 thriller "The Taking of Pelham 123".
 Rispoli was a contender for the role of Tony Soprano that ultimately went to Gandolfini.
Janice Soprano Baccalieri, played by Aida Turturro, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series "The Sopranos".
 She is Tony Soprano's elder sister.
 A young Janice has appeared in flashbacks, played by Madeline Blue and Juliet Fox.
Joseph Siravo (born February 12, 1957) is an American actor known for his role as Tony Soprano's father Johnny Soprano on the HBO series, "The Sopranos".
The Duetto buffo di due gatti ("humorous duet for two cats") is a popular performance piece for two sopranos which is often performed as a concert encore.
 The "lyrics" consist entirely of the repeated word "miau" ("meow").
 Sometimes it is also performed by a soprano and a tenor, or a soprano and a bass.
Anthony John "A.J." Soprano Jr. (born July 15, 1986), played by Robert Iler, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series "The Sopranos".
 He is the son of Carmela and Tony Soprano.
Aida Turturro ("Ah-ee-da Toor-toor-ro"; born September 25, 1962) is an American actress best known for playing Janice Soprano, sister of New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano, on the HBO TV series "The Sopranos" (1999–2007).
Carmela Soprano ("née" DeAngelis), played by Edie Falco, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series "The Sopranos".
 She was the wife of Mafia boss Tony Soprano.
