Queen Maud Land (Norwegian: "Dronning Maud Land" ) is a c. 2.7 million-square-kilometre (1 million sq mi) region of Antarctica claimed as a dependent territory by Norway.
 The territory lies between 20° west and 45° east, between the self-claimed British Antarctic Territory to the west and the similarly self-claimed Australian Antarctic Territory to the east.
 On most maps there had been an unclaimed area between Queen Maud Land's borders of 1939 and the South Pole until June 12, 2015 when Norway formally claimed that area.
 Positioned in East Antarctica, the territory comprises about one-fifth of the total area of Antarctica.
 The claim is named after the Norwegian queen Maud of Wales (1869–1938).
A dependent territory, dependent area or dependency is a territory that does not possess full political independence or sovereignty as a sovereign state yet remains politically outside of the controlling state's integral area.
The Realm of New Zealand is the entire area (or realm) in which the Queen of New Zealand is head of state.
 The Realm of New Zealand is not a federation or a unitary state; it is a collection of states and territories united under a monarch.
 New Zealand is a sovereign state.
 It has one Antarctic territorial claim, the Ross Dependency; one dependent territory, Tokelau; and two associated states, the Cook Islands and Niue.
This is a list of Oceanian countries and dependent territories by population, which is sorted by the 2015 mid-year normalized demographic projections.
 Hawaii, were it a country or dependent territory, would rank 4th.
An autonomous administrative division (also referred to as an autonomous area, entity, unit, region, subdivision, or territory) is a subdivision or dependent territory of a country that has a degree of self-governance, or autonomy, from an external authority.
 Typically, it is either geographically distinct from the rest of the country or populated by a national minority.
 Decentralization of self-governing powers and functions to such divisions is a way for a national government to try to increase democratic participation or administrative efficiency or to defuse internal conflicts.
 Countries that include autonomous areas may be federacies, federations, or confederations. Autonomous areas can be divided into territorial autonomies, subregional territorial autonomies, and local autonomies.
This is a list of women who had been appointed as leaders of dependent territories.
 This list also separates between the dependent territory leaders and the autonomous area leaders.
 Some women were also appointed for the office of head of government in their respective territories.
 The list will be separated between the head of territory and head of government.
The Shahumyan Region (Armenian: Շահումյան ) is a disputed region, formerly a district of Azerbaijan SSR outside Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast.
 Before the Nagorno-Karabakh War of the 1990s, the district had a substantial Armenian population.
 The eastern part of the territory remains under the control of Azerbaijan and is incorporated into Goranboy District, but the area is claimed by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.
Independence is a condition of a nation, country, or state in which its residents and population, or some portion thereof, exercise self-government, and usually sovereignty, over the territory.
 The opposite of independence is a dependent territory.
This is a list of leaders of dependent territories.
 A dependent territory is a territory that does not possess full political independence or sovereignty as a sovereign state yet remains politically outside of the controlling state's integral area.
 This latter condition distinguishes a dependent territory from an autonomous region or administrative division, which forms an integral part of the 'parent' state.
A protectorate, in its inception adopted by modern international law, is a dependent territory that has been granted local autonomy and some independence while still retaining the suzerainty of a greater sovereign state.
 In exchange for this, the protectorate usually accepts specified obligations, which may vary greatly, depending on the real nature of their relationship.
 Therefore, a protectorate remains an autonomous part of a sovereign state.
 They are different from colonies as they have local rulers and people ruling over the territory and experience rare cases of immigration of settlers from the country it has suzerainty of.
 However, a state which remains under the protection of another state but still retains independence is known as a protected state and is different from protectorates.
