The March Hare is a 1956 British comedy film directed by George More O'Ferrall and starring Peggy Cummins, Terence Morgan, Martita Hunt and Cyril Cusack.
 The film follows the efforts in Ireland to turn a seemingly useless racing horse into a Derby-winner.
The March Hare is a 1919 British silent comedy film directed by Frank Miller and starring Godfrey Tearle, Ivy Duke and Will Corrie.
 The screenplay was written by Guy Newall as a vehicle for his wife Ivy Duke.
Forward March Hare is an animated Looney Tunes cartoon released in 1953 featuring Bugs Bunny.
 Bugs, accidentally drafted into the Army, causes havoc with his sergeant at basic training.
 The title relates to the March Hare.
The March Hare is Atlantic Canada's largest poetry festival.
 It started in 1987 or 1988 as an unpretentious evening of poetry and entertainment at the Blomidon Golf and Country Club in Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador, designed to appeal to a general audience.
 The Hare takes place in early March each year.
 Loosely associated with the Sir Wilfred Grenfell College campus of Memorial University through the leadership of poet-organizer Al Pittman and the involvement of other writers who taught at the College, the Hare was equally the brain-child of teacher Rex Brown and club manager George Daniels.
 Although still anchored in Corner Brook, the event has evolved into a moveable feast of words and music that annually travels to St. John's and Gander, Newfoundland, Toronto, Ontario, and other venues, provincial, national and international.
 In 2007, The March Hare visited seven centres in Ireland, including Dublin and Waterford.
 In 2011, March Hares were mounted in Rocky Harbour, Newfoundland, and Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Mad as a Mars Hare is a 1963 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon featuring Bugs Bunny and Marvin the Martian.
 The cartoon's title is a play-on-words of the famous phrase to be "mad as a March hare", the origins of which are disputed.
The Hatter is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and its sequel "Through the Looking-Glass".
 He is often referred to as the Mad Hatter, though this term was never used by Carroll.
 The phrase "mad as a hatter" pre-dates Carroll's works.
 The Hatter and the March Hare are referred to as "both "mad"" by the Cheshire Cat, in "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" in the seventh chapter titled "A Mad Tea-Party".
Hatter's Castle (1931) is the first novel of author A. J. Cronin.
 The story is set in 1879, in the fictional town of Levenford, on the Firth of Clyde.
 The plot revolves around many characters and has many subplots, all of which relate to the life of the hatter, James Brodie, whose narcissism and cruelty gradually destroy his family and life.
 The book was made into a successful film in 1942 starring Robert Newton, Deborah Kerr, and James Mason.
To be as "mad as a March hare" is an English idiomatic phrase derived from the observed antics, said to occur only in the March breeding season of the European hare, "Lepus europaeus".
 The phrase is an allusion that can be used to refer to any other animal or human who behaves in the excitable and unpredictable manner of a "March hare".
The March Hare is a famous character that appears in Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".
The March Hare is a lost 1921 American silent comedy romance film produced and distributed by Adolph Zukor's Realart Pictures Corporation.
 It stars Bebe Daniels.
