Born in Piraeus, Zaccaria studied at the Athens Conservatory where he enjoyed his debut in 1949, aged 26.
 He sang at La Scala in 1953 and his position as a mainstay of the bass operatic repertoire was assured thereafter.
 He was La Scala's principal bass for almost 15 years.
 He sang with some of the most famous singers of his generation, such as Maria Callas, Leontyne Price, Franco Corelli, and Marilyn Horne, who was Zaccaria's companion in later life.
 Despite intimidating competition, he developed an impressive international career and recorded more than 30 operas for major recording companies.
The Greek National Conservatoire (Greek: Εθνικό Ωδείο ) was founded in Athens in 1926 by the composer Manolis Kalomiris and a number of other notable artists like Charikleia Kalomoiri, Marika Kotopouli, Dionysios Lavrangas, and Sophia Spanoudi.
 For a number of years the conservatoire was the only Greek educational and cultural organization to approach international Greek community by opening branches in Egypt and Cyprus (1948).
 Over the years, many well-known artists cooperated with the conservatoire, like Maria Callas, Gabriel Pierné, Dimitris Mitropoulos, and Avra Theodoropoulou.
 Among the conservatoire's students were Maria Callas, Leonidas Kavakos, Agnes Baltsa, and Manto.
 When the Greek National Opera was founded in 1940 two thirds of its resident staff were graduating students or graduates of the National Conservatoire.
Michael Scott is the founder of the London Opera Society.
 In his role as the society's sole artistic director, he brought to London Marilyn Horne, Joan Sutherland, and Boris Christoff.
 He was also responsible for introducing Sherrill Milnes, Ruggero Raimondi, and Montserrat Caballe.
 He is a highly regarded expert in the field of opera with an extensive knowledge of the history of vocal music, and his books include volumes 1 and 2 of "The Record of Singing" and "The Great Caruso".
 In 1992, he also wrote "Maria Meneghini Callas", being one of the few Maria Callas biographers to have seen her frequently on stage in her prime.
 He is a frequent contributor to "Opera News".
William John Evans ( , August 16, 1929 – September 15, 1980) was an American jazz pianist and composer who mostly worked in a trio setting.
 Evans' use of impressionist harmony, inventive interpretation of traditional jazz repertoire, block chords, and trademark rhythmically independent, "singing" melodic lines continue to influence jazz pianists today.
Antonino Votto (30 October 1896 - 9 September 1985) was an Italian operatic conductor.
 Votto developed an extensive discography with the Teatro alla Scala in Milan during the 1950s, when EMI produced the bulk of its studio recordings featuring Maria Callas.
 Though Votto was a dependable conductor (and the teacher of Riccardo Muti), critics frequently faulted his recordings for their lack of emotional immediacy.
 This may have been an occupational hazard of working in the studio, as his live sets with Callas, including a "Norma" (December 1955, La Scala) and "La sonnambula" (1957, Cologne) are considered to be great performances.
Vincenzo Salvatore Carmelo Francesco Bellini (] ; 3 November 1801 – 23 September 1835) was an Italian opera composer, who was known for his long-flowing melodic lines for which he was named "the Swan of Catania".
In music cognition, melodic fission (also known as melodic or auditory streaming, or stream segregation), is a phenomenon in which one line of pitches (an auditory stream) is heard as two or more separate melodic lines.
 This occurs when a phrase contains groups of pitches at two or more distinct registers or with two or more distinct timbres.
In music theory, contrapuntal motion is the general movement of two melodic lines with respect to each other.
 In traditional four-part harmony, it is important that lines maintain their independence, an effect which can be achieved by the judicious use of the four types of contrapuntal motion: parallel motion, similar motion, contrary motion, and oblique motion.
 See also melodic motion.
Maria Callas, Commendatore OMRI (Greek: Μαρία Κάλλας ; December 2, 1923 – September 16, 1977), was a Greek-American soprano, and one of the most renowned and influential opera singers of the 20th century.
 Many critics praised her "bel canto" technique, wide-ranging voice and dramatic interpretations.
 Her repertoire ranged from classical "opera seria" to the "bel canto" operas of Donizetti, Bellini and Rossini and further, to the works of Verdi and Puccini; and, in her early career, to the music dramas of Wagner.
 Her musical and dramatic talents led to her being hailed as "La Divina".
Marion Lignana Rosenberg (December 8, 1961 – November 28, 2013) / / was a writer, music critic, translator and a broadcaster and journalist who blogged for "WQXR Operavore" and had a weekly column called "Prima Fila" for "La Voce di New York".
 She contributed features, reviews, and essays about the arts to "NewMusicBox", "Town & Country", "Newsday", "Time Out New York", "The Wall Street Journal", "Capital New York", "The Classical Review", Salon.com, "Forward", "The New York Times", "San Francisco Chronicle", "Boston", "Opera News", and "Playbill".
 Rosenberg's essay "Re-visioning Callas" won a Newswomen's Club of New York Front Page Award.
 She also wrote an entry on Maria Callas for "Notable American Women: Completing the Twentieth Century" (Harvard University Press).
