Samantha 7 was an American rock band founded in 1998 by C.C. DeVille, lead guitarist from the rock band Poison.
 They released the self-titled album "Samantha 7" in 2000 and C.C. Deville performed lead vocals and guitar on the album.
 The band also included bassist Krys Baratto (who has worked as session musician with many artists and bands, from Thomas Dolby to Guns N' Roses), ex-Cynical Side drummer Francis Ruiz and for live dates Great White's guitarists Ty Longley and Michael Lardie.
 Derrick Pontier also played drums in 2001 after drummer Francis Ruiz was run over by a car in Florida.
Badflower is an American rock band founded in Los Angeles, California, United States.
 The band is composed of singer/guitarist Josh Katz, lead guitarist Joey Morrow, bass guitarist Alex Espiritu and drummer Anthony Sonetti.
 The band is signed to Republic Records and was named Artist of the Week by Apple Music after the release of their EP Temper in 2016.
Chameleon is a late 1970s/early 1980s American rock band founded by Charlie Adams.
 Chameleon made Billboard charts and was renowned for Adams’ two-axis revolving, upside-down drum set, which he played in live concerts and on MTV.
 The band toured extensively (sponsored by the Miller Brewing Co.)
 performing up to 260 shows a year.
 Band members have included Adams, drums, vocals, and percussion; Yanni, keyboards and synthesizers; Dugan McNeill, lead vocals and bass guitars; Johnny Donaldson, all guitars; Mark Anthony, lead vocals and keyboards; Peter Diggins, lead vocals and main guitars; Donny Paulson, guitars, vocals.
Grigori 3 is an American metal band formed in 1999 with Gwen Bartolini (vocals) and Ray Wise (guitar).
 Past members included Justin Bailey, Mark Feigl, and Mike Christopher.
 The current line-up includes Gwen Bartolini (vocals), Ray R Wise (guitar), Chris Beller (drums), Brain Bradbury (keyboard) and Mike Marcinkowski (bass).
 Their music is commonly compared to Evanescence, Collide and Lacuna Coil.
 Grigori 3 released their debut album, "Exile", in 2006 through Dark Star Records.
 Currently the band is back in the studio working on their third album with new drummer Chris Beller.
 New album should be released in 2017.
 The name Grigori relates to a race of fallen angels from mythology, and the number 3 represents "completion."
Blondie is an American rock band founded by singer Debbie Harry and guitarist Chris Stein.
 The band was a pioneer in the early American new wave and punk scenes of the mid-late 1970s.
 Its first two albums contained strong elements of these genres, and although successful in the United Kingdom and Australia, Blondie was regarded as an underground band in the United States until the release of "Parallel Lines" in 1978.
 Over the next three years, the band achieved several hit singles including "Call Me", "Rapture" and "Heart of Glass" and became noted for its eclectic mix of musical styles incorporating elements of disco, pop, reggae, and early rap music.
Tremonti is an American heavy metal band founded and fronted by lead vocalist and guitarist Mark Tremonti, best known as the guitarist of the American rock band Creed, and the lead guitarist of American rock band Alter Bridge.
 The band also consists of rhythm guitarist Eric Friedman and drummer Garrett Whitlock.
 Bassist Wolfgang Van Halen was in the band between 2012 to 2017.
 What originally started as a Mark Tremonti solo project evolved into a fully fledged band after the release of the group's first album, "All I Was", in July 2012.
 That album featured Tremonti himself playing guitar in addition to lead vocals, and the band was joined by Tremonti's Creed and Alter Bridge bandmate Brian Marshall playing bass on tour until his departure later that year.
 He was replaced by Van Halen bassist Wolfgang Van Halen, who contributed to the band's second album, "Cauterize", which was released on June 9, 2015.
 The band also has another album, entitled "Dust", in April 2016, serving as a continuation to "Cauterize".
Dirty Dishes is a New York City-based American rock band founded by songwriter/singer/guitarist Jenny Tuite.
 Dirty Dishes' style is described as heavy-laden hooks blasting headfirst into speaker-shredding fuzz.
 Sonically the band has been compared to Smashing Pumpkins, My Bloody Valentine, Radiohead, and Sonic Youth.
Diaspora Yeshiva Band (Hebrew: להקת ישיבת התפוצות‎ ‎ ) was an Israeli Orthodox Jewish rock band founded at the Diaspora Yeshiva on Mount Zion, Jerusalem, by "baal teshuva" students from the United States.
 In existence from 1975 to 1983, the band infused rock and bluegrass music with Jewish lyrics, creating a style of music it called "Hasidic rock" or "Country and Eastern".
 The band was very popular on college campuses in the early to mid-1980s, and was well known in Jerusalem for its Saturday-night concerts at David's Tomb.
 It had a considerable influence on contemporary Jewish religious music, inspiring later bands such as Blue Fringe, 8th Day, Reva L'Sheva, Soulfarm, the Moshav Band, and Shlock Rock.
 Fifteen years after it disbanded, band leader Avraham Rosenblum revived the band under the name Avraham Rosenblum & Diaspora and produced several more albums.
Vapors of Morphine is an American rock band founded in 2009 by the surviving members of the alternative rock band Morphine Dana Colley and Jerome Deupree and blues guitarist Jeremy Lyons.
Evanescence is an American rock band founded in Little Rock, Arkansas in 1995 by singer/pianist Amy Lee and guitarist Ben Moody.
 After recording independent albums, the band released their first full-length album, "Fallen", on Wind-up Records in 2003.
 "Fallen" sold more than 17 million copies worldwide and helped the band win two Grammy Awards out of seven nominations, as well as scoring number six in CBS's "Top Bestselling Albums of the Last 10 Years" (2008).
 A year later, Evanescence released their first live album, "Anywhere but Home", which sold more than one million copies worldwide.
 In 2006, the band released their second studio album, "The Open Door", which sold more than five million copies.
