Martin Gottlieb is Assistant Managing Editor/Investigations of "Newsday".
 From 2012 to 2016, he was Editor of "The Record" of Bergen County, New Jersey.
 Previously, from 2008 to 2011, he was Global Editions Editor of the "New York Times"; in this capacity, he oversaw production of the "International Herald Tribune".
 Gottlieb also served as Associate Managing Editor, Deputy Culture Editor and National Project Editor of the "Times".
 Gottlieb was also Managing Editor of the "New York Daily News" and Editor-in-Chief of "The Village Voice".
James R. Gaines (born August 11, 1947) is a journalist and historian who between 2011 and 2015 was at Reuters in various capacities: as global editor-at-large, as editor in charge of the Americas, as editor in charge of global photography and as global editor for ethics and standards.
 He spent most of his career at Time Inc., where he was the managing editor of "People, Life" and "Time" magazines, then corporate editor of Time Inc..
 Between Time Inc. and Reuters, he was a consultant on magazine startups, acquisitions and digital initiatives for publishers including Conde Nast International and American Express Publishing.
 In 2007 he became the editor-in-chief of FLYP, a biweekly multimedia publication online that produced interactive material for the web sites of "Fortune, Sports Illustrated, Entertainment Weekly, Scientific American" and ProPublica.
 He also served briefly as managing editor of The Daily, News Corp.’s “newspaper” for tablets.
Leonard "Len" Downie Jr. (born May 1, 1942), the American journalist, was Executive Editor of "The Washington Post" from 1991 to 2008.
 He worked in the Post newsroom for 44 years as Executive Editor, Managing Editor, National Editor, London correspondent, Assistant Managing Editor for Metropolitan News, Deputy Metropolitan Editor, and as an award winning investigative and local reporter.
 Downie became Executive Editor upon the retirement of Ben Bradlee.
 During Downie's tenure as Executive Editor, The Washington Post won 25 Pulitzer Prizes, more than any other newspaper has won during the term of a single Executive Editor, including three Pulitzer Gold Medals for Public Service.
 Downie currently serves as Vice President At Large at the Washington Post Company, as Weil Family Professor of Journalism at the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Arizona State University, and as a member of several advisory boards associated with journalism and public affairs.
Jason Sizemore is an American writer and editor based in Lexington, Kentucky.
 He is the owner and managing editor of Apex Publications.
 He was born in Big Creek, KY (pop.
 400).
 He was the editor and publisher of "Apex Digest", a quarterly science fiction and horror digest that ran for 12 issues between 2005 and 2008.
 As the publisher/managing editor of "Apex Magazine", he was nominated for the Hugo Award in the semiprozine category in 2012, 2013 and 2014.
 As a writer he has published several stories in genre magazines.
 His first short story collection, "Irredeemable", was published in April, 2014.
Richard Lange is an American writer born in 1961 in Oakland, CA.
 After receiving a degree in film from the University of Southern California, he traveled to Europe and taught English for Berlitz in Barcelona, Spain.
 Returning to Los Angeles, he was hired as a copy editor at Larry Flynt Publications and eventually became managing editor of RIP, a heavy-metal music magazine.
 He later edited textbooks before becoming managing editor of Radio & Records, a radio-industry trade magazine.
Richard Brockway Stolley (born October 3, 1928) is an American journalist and magazine editor.
 He's most well known for his work at "Time" magazine, which he joined in 1953.
 He subsequently held a number of roles at the magazine including report, writer, bureau chief, senior editor and managing editor.
 In addition to his work at "Time", he has also been Assistant Managing Editor and Managing Editor of "Life" magazine, the founding Managing Editor of "People" magazine and Director of Special Projects for Time Inc
John Stoltenberg (born 1944) is an U.S. radical feminist activist, scholar, author, and magazine editor.
 He is the former managing editor of "AARP The Magazine", a bimonthly publication of the United States-based advocacy group AARP, a position he held from 2004 until 2012.
Jonathan I. Landman is an American journalist and deputy managing editor at "The New York Times".
 Landman became deputy managing editor responsible for digital journalism for "The Times" in August 2005.
 He had become assistant managing editor and member of "The Times" masthead in May 2005.
 Prior to that, Landman had been acting culture editor from 2004 to 2005.
 Previously, he was the assistant managing editor for enterprise from 2003 to 2004.
 Landman had been metropolitan editor of "The Times" since 1999 and editor of "The Times"<nowiki>'</nowiki> Week in Review section since 1994.
 Before that, he served as deputy editor of the Washington bureau since 1992; assistant editor in Washington from 1991; assistant metropolitan editor from 1990 and assistant national editor from 1989.
 Landman joined "The Times" as a copy editor in 1987.
Marc André Laguerre (February 21, 1915 – January 18, 1979) was a journalist and magazine editor, best known as the managing editor of "Sports Illustrated" from 1960 to 1974, during which time he oversaw the growth in the magazine from a niche publication to become the industry leader in weekly sports magazines.
 It was under his leadership that the annual "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" was first published.
 When he retired in 1974, he had been managing editor of the magazine for 704 issues, then a record among magazines published by Time, Inc., SI's parent company.
Charles Angoff (April 22, 1902 – May 3, 1979) was a managing editor of the American Mercury magazine as well as a professor of English of Fairleigh Dickinson University.
 H. L. Mencken called him "the best managing editor in America."
 He was also a prolific writer and editor.
