Tiriolo is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
 It was the birthplace of Renaissance painter Marco Cardisco.
Parma Cathedral (Italian: "Duomo di Parma; Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta" ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Parma, Emilia-Romagna (Italy), dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
 It is the episcopal seat of the Diocese of Parma.
 It is an important Italian Romanesque cathedral: the dome, in particular, is decorated by a highly influential illusionistic fresco by Renaissance painter Antonio da Correggio.
Ridolfo Ghirlandaio (or Ghirlandajo) (Florence 14 February 1483 – 6 June 1561) was an Italian Renaissance painter active mainly in Florence.
 Ridolfo Ghirlandaio was the son of the Italian Renaissance painter Domenico Ghirlandaio.
Sofonisba Anguissola (c. 1532  – 16 November 1625), also known as Sophonisba Angussola or Anguisciola, was an Italian Renaissance painter born in Cremona to a relatively poor noble family.
 She received a well-rounded education, that included the fine arts, and her apprenticeship with local painters set a precedent for women to be accepted as students of art.
 As a young woman, Anguissola traveled to Rome where she was introduced to Michelangelo, who immediately recognized her talent, and to Milan, where she painted the Duke of Alba.
 The Spanish queen Elizabeth of Valois was a keen amateur painter, and in 1559 Anguissola was recruited to go to Madrid as her tutor, with the rank of lady-in-waiting.
 She later became an official court painter to the king, Philip II, and adapted her style to the more formal requirements of official portraits for the Spanish court.
 After the queen's death, Philip helped arrange an aristocratic marriage for her.
 She moved to Sicily, and later Pisa and Genoa, where she continued to practice as a leading portrait painter, living to the age of ninety-three.
Joachim Patinir, also called Patenier (c. 1480 – 5 October 1524), was a Flemish Renaissance painter of history and landscape subjects.
 He was Flemish, from the area of modern Wallonia, but worked in Antwerp, then the centre of the art market in the Low Countries.
 Patinir was a pioneer of landscape as an independent genre and he was the first Flemish painter to regard himself primarily as a landscape painter.
 He effectively invented the world landscape, a distinct style of panoramic northern Renaissance landscapes which is Patinir's important contribution to Western art.
Francesco di Giovanni Botticini (1446 – January 16, 1498), commonly referred to as Francesco Botticini, was an Italian Early Renaissance painter.
 He was born in Florence and remained active as a painter until his death in 1498.
 He studied in the workshops of Neri di Becci, Cosimo Rosselli and Andrea del Verrocchio.
 He established his own Florentine workshop after a brief period as Neri di Bicci's assistant.
 Although there are few works attributed to Botticini directly, in recent years historians have unearthed of a considerable number of works that were certainly authored by Botticini.
 Since the assembly of the complete record of his works, he is viewed as a remarkable minor master of Renaissance Art.
Giovanni Ambrogio de Predis (Preda, c. 1455 – Milan, c. 1508) was an Italian Renaissance painter, illuminator and designer of coins active in Milan.
 Ambrogio gained a reputation as a portraitist, including as a painter of miniatures, at the court of Ludovico Sforza.
Pedro Berruguete (c. 1450 – 1504) was a Spanish painter; his art is regarded as a transitional style in Spain between gothic and Renaissance.
 Berruguete most famously created paintings of the first few years of the Inquisition and of religious imagery for Castilian retablos.
 He is considered by some as the first Renaissance painter in Spain.
 He was the father of an important sculptor, Alonso Berruguete, considered the most important sculptor in Renaissance Spain.
 Because of the fame accrued by Alonso, Pedro Berruguete is sometimes referred to as Berruguete el Viejo (or Berruguete the Older) to differentiate between the two.
Ercole Grandi (1491–1531) was an Italian painter of the early-Renaissance period, active mainly in Ferrara.
 Also known as Ercole da Ferrara and Ercole di Giulio Cesare Grandi, he has been claimed to be a favourite pupil of the painter Lorenzo Costa.
 Ercole Grandi first appeared in the historical record as being in the service of the house of Este in 1489.
 Between 1489 and 1495, Ercole Grandi seems to have been working in Bologna, both in San Petronio and in the Cappella Bentivoglio of San Giacomo Maggiore, as an assistant to Lorenzo Costa.
 In 1495, he was in Ferrara as the chief architect for realising Duke Ercole's plans to embellish the city and renovate the churches; the facade and interior of Santa Maria in Vado were executed from his design.
 He worked with Ludovico Mazzolino and others on the decoration of the Castello, and painted in the apartments of Lucretia Borgia.
 Also in Ferrara, he painted the frescoes for the church of San Pietro Martire (now demolished), although some frescoes are preserved.
 One problem in assigning attribution to the hand of Ercole Grandi is that none of his works is signed or dated, or accompanied by supporting documents, but he is thought by some scholars to have painted -- in the manner of Mantegna -- or had a hand in, the decorative frescoed ceiling in the Sala del Tesoro of the Palazzo Costabili (Palazzo di Ludovico il Moro) in Ferrara between 1503 and 1506.
 Other scholars attribute the work to Benvenuto Tisi da Garofalo.
 Confusingly, the identity of Ercole Grandi is sometimes conflated with Garofalo, and an Ercole da Bologna, and (most famously by the Renaissance historian, Giorgio Vasari) with that of Ercole di Antonio Roberti or Ercole de' Roberti (and see Filippini), who was first documented as being in Ferrara in 1479, and was author of the great frescoes of the Garganelli chapel in Bologna.
 Most of Ercole Grandi's works have been reattributed to other Ferrarese painters, such as Giovan Francesco Maineri and Lorenzo Costa, while other scholars insist that Ercole Grandi is a mythical character.
Ludovico Mazzolino (1480 – c. 1528) - also known as Mazzolini da Ferrara, Lodovico Ferraresa, and Il Ferrarese - was an Italian Renaissance painter active in Ferrara and Bologna.
