The Giant Dipper is a historic wooden roller coaster located at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk, an amusement park in Santa Cruz, California.
 It took 47 days to build at a cost of $50,000.
 It opened on May 17, 1924, and replaced the Thompson's Scenic Railway.
 With a height of 70 ft and a speed of 55 mph , it is one of the most popular wooden roller coasters in the world.
 As of 2012, over 60 million people have ridden the Giant Dipper since its opening.
 The ride has received several awards such as being named a National Historic Landmark, a Golden Age Coaster award, and a Coaster Landmark award; it has been ranked annually in Mitch Hawker's Best Wooden roller coaster poll.
Dauling Dragon (Chinese: 木翼双龙) is a wooden roller coaster located at Happy Valley in Wuhan, Hubei, China.
 It is China's third wooden roller coaster and its first racing roller coaster.
 Although billed as a racing coaster, it contains elements that make it similar to dueling coasters, such as racing portions, head-on collision turn-arounds, and sections where the tracks weave around each other.
 This is much like Lightning Racer at Hersheypark (however, Lightning Racer was manufactured by Great Coasters International).
Outlaw Run is a wooden roller coaster located at the Silver Dollar City amusement park in Branson, Missouri.
 The ride was the first wooden roller coaster manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction and the first wooden roller coaster with multiple inversions, in which riders are turned upside-down and then back upright.
 The 2937 ft ride features three inversions and a top speed of 68 mph , making "Outlaw Run" the sixth-fastest wooden roller coaster in the world.
 The 162 ft first drop of the ride is the fourth steepest in the world among wooden roller coasters, at 81° beyond horizontal.
White Cyclone (ホワイトサイクロン , Howaito Saikuron ) is a wooden roller coaster at Nagashima Spa Land in Mie Prefecture, Japan.
 At 1700 m in length, White Cyclone is the third longest wooden roller coaster in the world, and is the longest wooden roller coaster outside of the United States.
 Despite its length, White Cyclone is still considerably shorter than the 2479 m Steel Dragon 2000, the world's longest steel roller coaster, which is also at Nagashima Spa Land.
 In addition to being the third longest wooden roller coaster, White Cyclone is the seventh tallest wooden roller coaster in the world and the fourth tallest wooden roller coaster outside the United States.
 A single ride on the White Cyclone costs ¥1,000 (approximately $9 USD), and the ride is restricted to those individuals above 1.3 m in height; and those individuals under 54 years of age.
The Giant Dipper, also known as the Mission Beach Roller Coaster, is a historical wooden roller coaster located in Belmont Park, a small amusement park in Mission Beach in San Diego, California.
 The Giant Dipper was built in 1925.
 The roller coaster and its namesake at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk are the only remaining wooden roller coasters on the West Coast designed by noted roller coaster designers Frank Prior and Frederick Church.
Kings Island is a 364 acre theme park located in Mason, Ohio, 24 mi northeast of Cincinnati.
 Since the opening of the amusement park in 1972, at least one attraction has been added every year except 1978, 1980, 1983, and 2008.
 The park is known to have attractions such as Flight of Fear which was the world's first linear induction motor launched roller coaster, and The Beast which has held the record for the world's longest wooden roller coaster since its opening in 1979.
 Also, The Beast continues to be ranked as one of the best wooden roller coasters in the world by industry polls.
 Kings Island's newest attraction is Mystic Timbers, a wooden roller coaster manufactured by Great Coasters International.
 With this addition, Kings Island claimed the record for most wooden roller coaster track of any amusement park in the world, and tied the record for most wooden roller coasters, with five.
A wooden roller coaster is most often classified as a roller coaster with running rails made of flattened steel strips mounted on laminated wooden track.
 Occasionally, the support structure may be made out of a steel lattice or truss, but the ride remains classified as a wooden roller coaster due to the track design.
 Because of the limits of wood, wooden roller coasters, in general, do not have inversions (when the coaster goes upside down), steep drops, or extremely banked turns (overbanked turns).
 However, there are exceptions; the defunct Son of Beast at Kings Island had a 214 ft drop and originally had a 90 ft loop until the end of the 2006 season, although the loop had steel supports.
 Other special cases are Hades 360 at Mount Olympus Water and Theme Park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin.
 The coaster features a double-track tunnel, a corkscrew, and a 90-degree banked turn.
 There is also The Voyage at Holiday World (an example of a wooden roller coaster with a steel structure for supports) featuring three separate 90-degree banked turns.
 Ravine Flyer II at Waldameer Park has a 90-degree banked turn, T Express at Everland in South Korea with a 77-degree drop, and Outlaw Run at Silver Dollar City which has 3 inversions and 120-degree overbanked turn.
Hades 360 is the name of a wooden roller coaster located at Mt. Olympus Water & Theme Park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin.
 It was originally known as Hades before the 360 degree roll was added in 2013.
 It is the largest roller coaster in the park.
 Hades 360 is a rarity among wooden roller coasters due to its 360 degree roll, 110-degree over banked turn, steep 65-degree drop as well as its 90-degree banked turn, as drops and angles this steep are generally not included on wooden roller coasters due to structural limitations.
 The ride was designed by The Gravity Group.
Hoosier Hurricane is a wooden roller coaster at Indiana Beach in Monticello, Indiana.
 The ride was designed by Dennis McNulty and Larry Bill of Custom Coasters International.
 It opened on May 27, 1994, as the park's largest wooden roller coaster and the first wooden roller coaster built in Indiana in fifty years.
 The ride was Custom Coasters International's third roller coaster designed and the first modern wooden coaster built with a steel support structure, which would eventually become a trend on many wooden coasters designed by them.
Hurricane: Category 5 was a Custom Coasters International wooden roller coaster located at the Myrtle Beach Pavilion.
 It replaced the Corkscrew roller coaster which existed since the late 1970s.
 The Pavilion unveiled their multimillion-dollar coaster May 6, 2000.
 During operation, Hurricane held the record for being the tallest, fastest, and longest wooden roller coaster in South Carolina.
 The ride closed with the Pavilion on September 30, 2006.
 Although Burroughs & Chapin attempted to sell the ride along with the Haunted Hotel, Log Flume, Treasure Hunt, and a few other rides, the ride was deemed too expensive a task to dismantle and relocate, and was ultimately demolished in March 2007.
 The only part of the ride not demolished were the two Gerstlauer trains used on the ride.
 These trains were shipped to Kings Island, an amusement park in Mason, Ohio.
 They were then repainted and installed on Son of Beast, which was at the time the world's tallest and fastest wooden roller coaster.
 Son of Beast was later demolished on November 20, 2012, following an incident that occurred in 2009.
