The Grudge 3 is a 2009 American direct-to-video supernatural horror film and the third film in "The Grudge" series.
 Toby Wilkins, who had previously directed the successful film "Splinter" and the short films "Tales from the Grudge", took Takashi Shimizu's place as director who later served as executive producer, while Brad Keene replaced Stephen Susco as screenwriter.
 The film stars Johanna Braddy, Shawnee Smith and Marina Sirtis, with a special appearance by Matthew Knight (from "The Grudge 2"), and was released on DVD on May 12, 2009.
Texas Chainsaw (promoted as Texas Chainsaw 3D) is a 2013 American slasher film directed by John Luessenhop, with a screenplay by Adam Marcus, Debra Sullivan and Kirsten Elms and a story by Stephen Susco, Marcus and Sullivan.
 It is the seventh installment in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" franchise and was presented in 3-D.
 The film serves as a direct sequel to the 1974 film "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" (ignoring the events of the second, and films, not including the remake films).
 The film stars Alexandra Daddario, Dan Yeager, Trey Songz, Tania Raymonde, Scott Eastwood, Thom Barry, Paul Rae and Bill Moseley, with Gunnar Hansen and Marilyn Burns, who had appeared in the original 1974 film.
 The story centers on Heather, who discovers that she was adopted after learning of an inheritance from a long-lost grandmother.
 She subsequently takes a road trip with her friends to collect the inheritance, unaware that it includes her cousin, Leatherface, as well.
 Filming began in the summer of July 2011, and it was released January 4, 2013.
"The Grudge" film series features a large cast of characters mainly created by screenwriter Stephen Susco and Takashi Shimizu.
 The film series focuses on people affected by a deadly curse that spreads like a virus and manifests itself in various ways, such as turning people homicidal or people being haunted, ultimately leading to their demise, if they come in contact with the curse in any way.
L ("Learning") is a Greek movie produced in 2011, directed by Babis Makridis, written by Babis Makridis and Efthymis Filippou, based on an original idea by Yorgos Giokas.
 It is the first Greek movie selected to compete at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival (19–29 January 2012) where its international premiere will take place.
 The movie is also nominated to compete in the official Tiger Awards competition in the International Film Festival Rotterdam (25 January – 5 February 2012) where its European premiere will take place.The film was nominated for Best Script award at the Hellenic Film Academy Awards.
 A six-minute extract of the movie was first released at the Work Progress Section of the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, at the Czech Republic in July 2011.
 L is Makridis's first feature film.
 His short film "The Last Fakir" (2005) was awarded the "Newcomer's Prize" at the 2005 International Short Film Festival in Drama which takes place in Greece.
Stephen Susco is an American film and television screenwriter who is most famous for writing the hit movies "The Grudge" and "The Grudge 2".
Rafoo Chakkar (Hindi: रफ़ू चक्कर ) is a 1975 Indian Hindi movie produced by Nadiadwala and directed by Narender Bedi.
 The movie was inspired by the American film "Some Like It Hot".
Beyond the Reach is a 2014 American adventure thriller film directed by Jean-Baptiste Léonetti and written by Stephen Susco.
 It is based on the 1972 novel "Deathwatch" by Robb White.
 The film, starring Michael Douglas, Jeremy Irvine, and Ronny Cox, was released on April 17, 2015, by Roadside Attractions.
The Grudge 2 is a 2006 American supernatural horror film and a sequel to the 2004 film, "The Grudge".
 Produced by Sam Raimi, the film was directed by Takashi Shimizu (director of the "Ju-on" series), written by Stephen Susco and stars an ensemble cast that includes Amber Tamblyn, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Edison Chen, Arielle Kebbel, Jenna Dewan Tatum, Teresa Palmer, Misako Uno, Matthew Knight and Takako Fuji.
Red is a 2008 thriller film based on a novel by Jack Ketchum and directed by Trygve Allister Diesen and Lucky McKee.
 It concerns one man's revenge after his beloved dog dies in an attempted robbery.
 The screenplay was written by Stephen Susco based on the novel.
 It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2008.
The Grudge is a 2004 American supernatural horror film and a remake of the Japanese film, "".
 The film was released in North America on October 22, 2004, by Columbia Pictures, and was directed by Takashi Shimizu (director of all previous "Ju-on" films) while Stephen Susco scripted the film.
 The plot is told through a non-linear sequence of events and includes several intersecting subplots.
 The film was a box office success, making over $187 million against a $10 million budget, though it received only mixed reviews from critics.
