Rebels of the Heavenly Kingdom is a 1983 children's book written by American novelist Katherine Paterson.
 Set during the Taiping Rebellion in China, it focuses on Wang Lee, a 15-year-old peasant boy who is abducted into a secret rebel organization.
 Mei Lin, a female soldier, teaches Wang Lee to read and instructs him in the movement’s dogma.
 Wang Lee’s transition into being a soldier is marked with acts of violence and betrayal, and he is forced through difficult circumstance to learn humility as part of his training.
Bridge to Terabithia is a work of children's literature about two lonely children who create a magical forest kingdom.
 It was written by Katherine Paterson and was published in 1977 by Thomas Crowell.
 In 1978, it won the Newbery Medal.
 Paterson drew inspiration for the novel from a real event that occurred in August 1974 when a friend of her son was struck by lightning.
Bread and Roses, Too is a 2006 children's historical novel written by American novelist Katherine Paterson.
 Set in Lawrence, Massachusetts in 1912 in the aftermath of the Lawrence Textile Strike (also known as the Bread and Roses Strike), the book focuses on the Italian-born daughter of mill workers who finds herself becoming the protector of a boy who is afraid to return home to his abusive father.
The Great Gilly Hopkins is a 2015 American comedy-drama film directed by Stephen Herek and written by David L. Paterson.
 It is based on Katherine Paterson's 1978 children's book of the same name.
 The film stars Sophie Nélisse, Julia Stiles, Glenn Close, Kathy Bates, Octavia Spencer, Bill Cobbs, and Billy Magnussen.
 The film was released on October 7, 2016, by Lionsgate Premiere.
The Great Gilly Hopkins is a realistic children's novel by Katherine Paterson.
 It was published by Crowell in 1978 and it won the U.S. National Book Award next year.
 In 2012 it was ranked number 63 among all-time children's novels in a survey published by "School Library Journal" – the third of three books by Paterson in the top 100.
Bridge to Terabithia is a 2007 American drama film directed by Gábor Csupó and adapted for film by David L. Paterson and Jeff Stockwell.
 The film is based on the Katherine Paterson novel of the same name, and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 The film stars Josh Hutcherson, AnnaSophia Robb, Robert Patrick, Bailee Madison and Zooey Deschanel.
 "Bridge to Terabithia" tells the story of Jesse Aarons and Leslie Burke, 12-year-old neighbors who create a fantasy world called Terabithia and spend their free time together in an abandoned tree house.
Come Sing, Jimmy Jo is a 1985 children's novel written by American novelist Katherine Paterson.
 The book focuses on a West Virginia boy named James Johnson, whose parents are bluegrass music performers.
 When it is discovered that James has previously unrecognized musical talent, his parents force him to take the stage name "Jimmy Jo" and perform with them.
 But problems arise when it becomes evident that the child’s talents are greater than those of his parents, which creates strain for both the adults (particularly the jealous mother) and the emotionally conflicted boy.
Sligo Creek is a free-flowing tributary of the Northwest Branch of the Anacostia River in Maryland.
 (The Anacostia, in turn, feeds into the Potomac River and eventually empties into the Atlantic Ocean via Chesapeake Bay.)
 The creek is approximately 9.1 mi long, with a drainage area of about 11.6 sqmi .
 It also inspired Katherine Paterson to write the Newbery Medal award-winning book Bridge to Terabithia.
The Master Puppeteer (1975) is a historical novel for children by Katherine Paterson.
 It won the 1977 U.S. National Book Award in category Children’s Literature.
Bridge to Terabithia was the name of a telefilm for PBS in 1985, starring Annette O'Toole, Julian Coutts, and Julie Beaulieu.
 It was shot in Edmonton, Alberta.
 The film is based on the children's novel of the same name by Katherine Paterson.
