Rave On Buddy Holly is a compilation album by various artists released on June 28, 2011, through Fantasy Records/Concord Music Group and Hear Music.
 A tribute album to musician Buddy Holly, who died in a plane crash in 1959 at age 22, the title refers to the song "Rave On", one of his biggest hits.
 Contributing artists included Paul McCartney, who owned Holly's publishing catalog at the time of the album's release, and Graham Nash, a former member of The Hollies, who were named in commemoration of Holly.
That'll Be The Day is the final studio album from Buddy Holly.
 Decca, Holly’s first major record label, after failing to produce a hit single from Holly’s early recordings, packaged these 1956 tunes after he had some success with recordings from the Brunswick and Coral labels, i.e. the previously released single "That'll Be the Day".
 This is the last album released before his death in a plane crash on February 3, 1959, and is rare among collectors.
"Sweater Weather" is a song by American indie rock band The Neighbourhood.
 The song was written by group members Jesse Rutherford, Zach Abels and Jeremy Freedman, and was produced by Justyn Pilbrow.
 It serves as the lead single from their debut studio album, "I Love You" (2013).
 "Sweater Weather" reached number one on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart in June 2013, logging eleven non-consecutive weeks at the summit of the chart.
 It was re-released on November 2, 2013 in honor of the 2013 winter season.
Closing In on the Fire is an album by Waylon Jennings, released on the small Ark 21 Records label on June 16, 1998.
 It features contributions from several celebrities associated with both country and rock music.
 The selections include, among others, Sting's "She's Too Good for Me" and Tony Joe White's title track, creating a greater degree of musical eclecticism than in many previous Jennings releases.
 The singer incorporated elements of genres such as blues and rock, in addition to traditional country ballads.
 "Best Friends of Mine", an autobiographical song, is a tribute to Buddy Holly, Hank Williams, Jr. and one of Jennings' close friends from his days in Phoenix.
 Carl Smith, one of the performer's idols, appears on "Untitled Waltz".
 In an interview, the singer mentioned that he wasn't fully satisfied with his take on The Rolling Stones' "No Expectations", calling it ""a little more contrived than I would have liked"".
 An interview featuring Jennings commenting on the record is included as a bonus track.
 "Closing In on the Fire", Jennings' 72nd release, reached #71 on the country charts and was the last studio album by the singer to be released before his death in 2002.
Weezer, also known as the Blue Album, is the eponymous debut studio album by American rock band Weezer, released on May 10, 1994 through DGC Records.
 The album was produced by The Cars frontman Ric Ocasek and recorded in Electric Lady Studios in New York City.
 The Blue Album was supported by three singles: "Undone – The Sweater Song", "Buddy Holly" and "Say It Ain't So", which brought Weezer mainstream success, helped by music videos directed by Spike Jonze.
"Buddy Holly" is a song by the American rock band Weezer, written by Rivers Cuomo.
 It was released as the second single from the band's debut album "Weezer" ("The Blue Album") in 1994.
 The single was released on what would have been Buddy Holly's 58th birthday.
 The lyrics reference the song's 1950s namesake and actress Mary Tyler Moore.
 It reached #2 and #34 on the US Modern Rock Tracks chart and the US Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, respectively.
The discography of Weezer, an American rock band, consists of 10 studio albums, two compilation albums, one video album, six extended plays, twenty-eight singles and twenty-four music videos. Weezer's self-titled debut studio album, often referred to as "The Blue Album", was released in May 1994 through DGC Records.
 The album was a huge commercial success, peaking at number 16 on the US "Billboard" 200 and spawning the singles "Undone – The Sweater Song" and "Buddy Holly", both of which were responsible for launching Weezer into mainstream success with the aid of music videos directed by Spike Jonze.
 It has sold 3.3 million copies in the United States and has been certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), becoming the band's best selling album to date.
 Following the success of their debut album, Weezer took a break from touring for the Christmas holidays.
 Lead singer Rivers Cuomo began piecing together demo material for Weezer's second studio album.
 Cuomo's original concept for the album was a space-themed rock opera, "Songs from the Black Hole".
 Ultimately, the "Songs from the Black Hole" album concept was dropped; the band, however, continued to utilize songs from these sessions into work for their second studio album. "
Pinkerton" was released as the band's second studio album in September 1996.
 Peaking at number 19 on the "Billboard" 200, it was considered a critical and commercial failure at the time of its release, selling far less than its triple platinum predecessor.
 However, in the years following its release, it has seen much critical and commercial championing.
"Undone – The Sweater Song" is a song by the American alternative rock band Weezer, released on the band's self-titled 1994 debut album.
 It was released as their debut single in 1994.
 Weezer frontman Rivers Cuomo has commented on the song, saying:
"True Love Ways" is a song written by Buddy Holly and Norman Petty and recorded with the Dick Jacobs Orchestra in October 1958, four months before the singer's death.
 Some argue that this song is the most played "first song" at weddings.
 It was first released on the posthumous album "The Buddy Holly Story, Vol.
 2" (Coral 57326/757326), in March 1960.
 The song was a hit in Britain in 1960, reaching number 25 on the pop singles chart.
Buddy Holly is a studio album by Buddy Holly.
 It was released by Coral Records on February 20, 1958.
 The album collects Holly's four hit singles released on the Coral label; "Words of Love", "Peggy Sue", "I'm Gonna Love You Too", and "Rave On!
".
 The backing group was Buddy Holly's current band, the Crickets.
