Symphony Silicon Valley is the professional symphony orchestra of San Jose and the South Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area.
 Founded in 2002 following the demise of the San Jose Symphony, the orchestra debuted to rave reviews and standing ovations on November 23, 2002 at the San Jose Center for the Performing Arts.
 Started initially by Ballet San Jose as a way to keep their core musicians employed and in town after the closure of the San Jose Symphony, the orchestra was so successful that it was spun off as its own separate nonprofit organization after the first year.
Team San Jose (also known as San Jose CVB) is a non-profit management corporation launched in 2004 to promote tourism in San Jose, California.
 It operates the San Jose Convention Center and cultural venues such as South Hall, Parkside Hall, San Jose Civic Auditorium, California Theatre, San Jose Center for the Performing Arts, and Montgomery Theater, and serves as the convention and visitors bureau for San Jose.
 Team San Jose is an economic driver in Silicon Valley, evolving into a $20 million company with more than 300 employees.
St. Joseph School of San Jose City, N.E., Inc., was founded in 1946.
 It was formerly known as St. Joseph School, which was named after the city saint of San Jose City, Nueva Ecija.
 This school is a non-profit, private Catholic elementary and secondary school located in the heart of San Jose City, Philippines.
The elementary and secondary school is known as the "Center of Elementary and Secondary Education in San Jose City, Nueva Ecija" because it is located in San Jose City, a city in the central part of the Philippines.
 The school's elementary department is situated near the city market, City Hall, along Bonifacio St. while its high school department is situated near Mary Help of Christian Church, hotels and restaurants along Barangay Malasin.
San Jose ( , Spanish for "Saint Joseph"; ] ), officially the City of San José, is the economic, cultural, and political center of Silicon Valley and the largest city in Northern California.
 With an estimated 2015 population of 1,026,908, it is the third most populous city in California (after Los Angeles and San Diego) and the tenth most populous in United States.
 Located in the center of the Santa Clara Valley, on the southern shore of San Francisco Bay.
 San Jose covers an area of 179.97 mi2 .
 San Jose is the county seat of Santa Clara County, the most affluent county in California and one of the most affluent counties in the United States.
 San Jose is the largest city in both the San Francisco Bay Area and the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland Combined Statistical Area, which contain 7.7 million and 8.7 million people respectively.
The San Jose Municipal Stadium, or Muni Stadium in common usage, is the home of the minor league baseball San Jose Giants, the Advanced A league affiliate of the San Francisco Giants located in San Jose, California.
 The Giants play in the northern division of the California League.
 The stadium is also home to the San Jose State University Spartans college baseball team for some regular season games (other regular season games are played across Alma Avenue at Blethen Field).
 The local high school baseball divisions also use Municipal Stadium as their championship field.
 The stadium also hosts concerts, weddings, dog shows, and many other local events.
 In the past Muni Stadium has been the home field for the San Jose Owls, San Jose Red Sox, San Jose Pirates, San Jose Missions, the San Jose Bees, and the San Jose Expos.
The San Jose Center for the Performing Arts is located in downtown San Jose, California.
 It was designed in 1972 by the Taliesin Associated Architects.
 It is home to Ballet San Jose and Broadway San Jose.
 For 34 years, the theatre was the home of the American Musical Theatre of San Jose (a.k.a. San Jose Civic Light Opera) from the opening of the building in 1975 until the demise of the theatre company in 2008.
 The center's auditorium has 2,677 seats, split into 1,921 orchestra and 756 balcony seats.
 It also has two smaller rooms, the Private Ridder Lounge with capacity for 150 and the Private President's Club with capacity for 50.
Solar4America Ice at San Jose (formerly the Ice Center of San Jose, Logitech Ice Center, and Sharks Ice at San Jose) is an indoor ice rink in San Jose, California, United States.
 The largest ice rink facility in the Western United States, Solar4America Ice serves as the official training facility for the NHL San Jose Sharks and the home arena for San Jose State University's Spartans hockey team.
 The facility opened in 1994 and was expanded in 2000 and 2005.
 Roofing contractor PetersenDean bought naming rights to the facility in 2016, renaming the facility after its Solar4America solar roofing brand.
San Jose Sports & Entertainment Enterprises (SJSEE) is a private company based in San Jose, California which owns the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League, the San Jose Barracuda of the American Hockey League, and manages the SAP Center at San Jose arena.
 The company was formed in 2002 after George Gund III put these assets up for sale; Gund requested then-Sharks president and CEO Greg Jamison to find a group of local investors to buy the team and keep them in San Jose.
San Jose Secondary Educational Center, Málaga, Spain, was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1906.
 It offers education for infant through baccalaureate and initial professional qualification with various training cycles in both middle and high school.
East Foothills is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Clara County, California, United States and a neighborhood of San Jose.
 The population was 8,269 at the 2010 census.
 The area is more commonly referred to as East San Jose, and is located about 4 miles east of downtown San Jose.
 This should not be confused with the former city of East San Jose which was annexed by the city of San Jose in 1911.
 There have remained some unincorporated pockets surrounded by incorporated San Jose which are now part of a city/county agreement to annex the remaining pockets.
