Green Lantern is a steel stand-up roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson Township, New Jersey.
 "Green Lantern" stands 155 ft tall and features a top speed of 63 mph .
 The 4155 ft ride features five inversions and a duration of approximately 2⁄ minutes.
 The ride was manufactured by Swiss firm Bolliger & Mabillard.
 Green Lantern is fairly similar to the former Mantis, stand-up coaster at Cedar Point, but is taller, faster, and features one more inversion.
Apocalypse is a steel stand-up roller coaster located at Six Flags America in Prince George's County, Maryland.
 The ride made its debut in 1990 as Iron Wolf at Six Flags Great America before being relocated to Six Flags America and renamed to Apocalypse.
 The roller coaster was the first built by Swiss manufacturer Bolliger & Mabillard.
 When known as Iron Wolf, the roller coaster held the records of the highest (100 ft ) and fastest (55 mph ) stand-up looping roller coaster in the world before losing them to other roller coasters in 1992 and 1996.
Green Lantern is an ongoing American comic book series featuring the DC Comics heroes of the same name.
 The character's first incarnation, Alan Scott, appeared in "All-American Comics" #16 (July 1940), and was later spun off into the first volume of "Green Lantern" in 1941.
 That series was canceled in 1949 after 38 issues.
 When the Silver Age Green Lantern, Hal Jordan, was introduced, the character starred in a new volume of "Green Lantern" starting in 1960 and has been the lead protagonist of the Green Lantern mythos for the majority of the last fifty years.
White Cyclone (ホワイトサイクロン , Howaito Saikuron ) is a wooden roller coaster at Nagashima Spa Land in Mie Prefecture, Japan.
 At 1700 m in length, White Cyclone is the third longest wooden roller coaster in the world, and is the longest wooden roller coaster outside of the United States.
 Despite its length, White Cyclone is still considerably shorter than the 2479 m Steel Dragon 2000, the world's longest steel roller coaster, which is also at Nagashima Spa Land.
 In addition to being the third longest wooden roller coaster, White Cyclone is the seventh tallest wooden roller coaster in the world and the fourth tallest wooden roller coaster outside the United States.
 A single ride on the White Cyclone costs ¥1,000 (approximately $9 USD), and the ride is restricted to those individuals above 1.3 m in height; and those individuals under 54 years of age.
The Riddler's Revenge is a stand-up roller coaster at Six Flags Magic Mountain.
 Manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard, the ride opened in 1998 as the park's eleventh roller coaster, setting world records among stand-up coasters for height, speed, drop length, track length and number of inversions.
 The previous record holder was Chang at Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom which opened a year earlier.
 Located in the Movie Town area of the park, The Riddler's Revenge was also the park's single biggest investment at a cost of $14 million.
 It stands 156 ft tall and features a top speed of 65 mph .
 The 4370 ft coaster also features six inversions and a ride duration of approximately three minutes.
King Cobra (1984–2001) was a TOGO Stand-up roller coaster located at Kings Island in Mason, Ohio.
 It was the first in the world to be designed from the ground up as a stand-up roller coaster.
 Other stand-up roller coasters that preceded King Cobra were sit-down models later modified to accommodate stand-up trains.
 After the ride's manufacturer, TOGO, went out of business in 2001, parts for the ride became more expensive and harder to find.
 In addition, the ride was losing popularity in recent years.
 So in April 2002, Paramount Parks decided to dismantle King Cobra and put it up for sale.
 Trains were sent to Kings Island's "graveyard" located at the old Wild Animal Habitat feeding house area next to the Son of Beast.
 After the ride wouldn't sell, the decision was made in 2008 to transfer some of the ride including the trains to Kings Dominion to be used as spare parts for Shockwave.
 As of 2010, remnants of the King Cobra can still be spotted in some back areas of Kings Island near Flight of Fear
Extremeroller was a steel stand-up roller coaster at Worlds of Fun in Kansas City, Missouri.
 It was built by Arrow Dynamics and the first stand-up roller coaster in the United States.
 It was built in 1976 under the name Screamroller.
 In 1983, Arrow designed a stand-up train for the attraction, which was subsequently renamed Extremeroller (also known as EXT).
 However, the original sit-down trains were reinstalled in 1984, remaining in place until the attraction was removed in 1988 and replaced by Timber Wolf that opened in 1989.
 In 1990 extremeroller was relocated to Formosa WonderWorld in Taipei Taiwan under as "spiral" which standing until end of 2006 the attraction have been removed and it is unknown if it its being scrapped or in storage somewhere.
Katun is a steel inverted roller coaster at the Mirabilandia Amusement Park, Savio, outside Ravenna, Italy.
 It's the longest inverted roller coaster in Europe.
 The coaster stands 164 ft tall making it the world's fourth tallest complete circuit inverted coaster, has a track length of 3937 ft , a top speed of 65 mph and six inversions:
Green Lantern Coaster is a steel roller coaster at Warner Bros.
 Movie World on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
 The ride is themed after DC Comics' Green Lantern and is located within the park's DC Comics superhero hub.
 The ride is an El Loco roller coaster manufactured by S&S Worldwide, characterised by a tight circuit featuring a beyond-vertical drop and an outward banked turn.
 It holds the record for the steepest drop of any roller coaster in the Southern Hemisphere, and the second steepest in the world.
 "Green Lantern Coaster" officially opened on 23 December 2011.
Freestyle is a stand-up roller coaster operating at Cavallino Matto in Tuscany, Italy.
 It opened as the park's fifth roller coaster on 18 July 2015.
 Freestyle originally opened at Canada's Wonderland in 1985 as SkyRider and closed in 2014.
 Built by TOGO, it was the second stand-up roller coaster from the company following the now-defunct King Cobra, which opened the previous year at Kings Island.
