The CIOB Complex Projects Contract 2013 was a form of construction and engineering contract, developed by the Chartered Institute of Building (CIOB).
 Its formal name was the 'Contract for Use with Complex Projects, First Edition 2013'.
Terrazza Martini Tower (former name, formal name is Piacentini Tower) is a highrise building located in Genoa, Italy.
 Construction on the building began in 1935, and finished in 1940.
 It was designed by Marcello Piacentini and Angelo Invernizzi.
Flies' graveyard and flies' cemetery are nicknames used in various parts of the United Kingdom for sweet pastries filled with currants or raisins, which are the "flies" in the "graveyard" or "cemetery".
 In Scotland, the formal name is "fruit slice" or "fruit squares".
 In Northern Ireland, the formal term is "currant squares".
 In the North East of England, they are called "fly cakes" or "fly pie".
Lilou is a French female given name.
 It is rising in popularity in France, where it is ranked in the top 50 names given to baby girls.
 It may have originated as a short form of names ending in the sound "lee" such as Aurélie, Amélie, Aline, Élise, Élie, Coralie, or Liliane, following the French way of forming short forms of names by adding the suffix "ou" to affectionate names.
 It is also said to be an Occitan language version of the name Lily, originally spelled Liló in that language.
 It was not registered as a formal name in France prior to 1997, when 19 girls named Lilou, nine girls named Leeloo and four girls named Leelou were registered.
 The spelling Lylou is also used.
 Short forms of names have become increasingly popular as formal names in France as well as elsewhere in Europe.
Ozumba is a town and municipality located in the southeast portion of the Valley of Mexico, 70 km southeast of Mexico City near the Mexico City-Cuautla highway.
 The main feature of this area is the Parish of the Immaculate Conception (Inmaculada Concepción) which began as a Franciscan monastery in the 16th century.
 The entrance to the cloister area contains murals related to the early evangelization efforts of this order.
 They include scenes such as Hernán Cortés greeting the first Franciscan missionaries in Mexico, the martyrdom of some of the first young converts to Christianity and even a scene where the monks are flogging Cortés.
 The church itself inside has suffered the theft of a number of its antique pieces.
 The name Ozumba comes from Nahuatl meaning “over the streams of water”.
 “de Alzate” was added to the formal name in honor of the scientist José Antonio Alzate y Ramirez Santillana who was born here.
Caldoche is the name given to European inhabitants of the French overseas collectivity of New Caledonia, mostly native-born French settlers.
 The term "caldoche" has a pejorative connotation.
 The formal name to refer to this particular population is "Calédoniens ", short for the very formal "Néo-Calédoniens ", but this self-appellation technically includes all inhabitants of the New Caledonian archipelago, not just the Caldoche.
 Another "white" demographic element (although they may well be French people of different ethnic backgrounds) in the territory is expatriates from metropolitan France who live there temporarily as civil servants.
 Caldoches are keen to differentiate themselves from these inhabitants, underlining their position as the permanent locals, referring to them as "métros " (short for "métropolitains ") or as "Zoreilles" (informally "zozos ") in local slang.
Guaymas (] ) is a city located in Guaymas Municipality in the southwest part of the state of Sonora in northwestern Mexico.
 The city is located 117 km south of the state capital of Hermosillo, and 242 miles from the U.S. border, and is the principal port for the state.
 The municipality is located in the Sonora Desert and has a hot, dry climate and 117 km of beaches.
 The municipality’s formal name is Guaymas de Zaragoza and the city’s formal name is the Heróica Ciudad de Guaymas.
Hjertestop is a Danish punk band.
 It was formed in Copenhagen, in the scene around Ungdomshuset.
 The band consists of former members of Incontrollados, Død Ungdom, Young Wasteners, and Leathervein.
In chemistry, a trivial name is a nonsystematic name for a chemical substance.
 That is, the name is not recognized according to the rules of any formal system of chemical nomenclature such as IUPAC inorganic or IUPAC organic nomenclature.
 A trivial name is not a formal name and is usually a common name.
Building 20 (18 Vassar Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts) was a temporary wooden structure hastily erected during World War II on the central campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 Since it was always regarded as "temporary", it never received a formal name throughout its 55-year existence.
 The three-floor structure housed the Radiation Laboratory (or "Rad Lab"), where fundamental advances were made in physical electronics, electromagnetic properties of matter, microwave physics, and microwave communication principles, and which has been called one of "two prominent shrines of the triumph of science during the war".
 A former Rad Lab member said, "At one time, more than 20 percent of the physicists in the United States (including nine Nobel Prize winners) had worked in that building".
