Platinum Pied Pipers is a Detroit-based hip hop and R&B group composed of producer Waajeed (Robert O'Bryant), and multi-instrumentalist Saadiq (Darnell Bolden, not to be confused with Raphael Saadiq).
 Their music usually features a rotating and varied array of artists.
Thirty Eight is the fourth studio album by Detroit-based hip hop producer Apollo Brown, released digitally on April 29, 2014 by Mello Music Group.
 The album was later released physically, on CD and vinyl, with their own bonus tracks.
 Apollo Brown described "Thirty Eight" as a ride through Detroit of the early 1980s, that was inspired by various 1970s and 1980s films' soundtracks.
 One single was released from the album, "The Answer", as a preorder bonus.
Rufus Arthur Johnson (born July 5, 1976), better known by his stage name Bizarre, is an American rapper, best known for his work with the Detroit-based hip hop group D12.
Bad Meets Evil is an American hip hop duo composed of Detroit-based rappers, Royce da 5'9" (Bad) and Eminem (Evil).
 Bad Meets Evil was formed in 1997, thanks to the duo's mutual friend, Proof.
 Their discography consists of one extended play (EP) and four singles.
 In 1999, the duo released a double non-album single, "Nuttin' to Do" and "Scary Movies"; the former peaked at 36 on the Hot Rap Songs chart, while the latter peaked at 63 on the UK Singles Chart, and was featured on the soundtrack of the 2000 horror comedy parody film "Scary Movie".
Ondre Moore (born March 17, 1976), better known by his stage name Swifty McVay, is an American rapper, best known for his work with the Detroit-based hip hop group D12.
 He was accepted into the group as a replacement for Bugz.
Uptown 3000 was a Korean American hip hop duo on the record label The Machine Group CEO Alvin & Calvin Waters which consisted of Carlos Galvan aka "Cali-Mexci" and Steve Kim aka "Kwon".
 The duo was a spinoff of Uptown, a Korean hip hop group which was active in the late 1990s whose sales reached 6 million.
 The duo is considered defunct as the original Uptown made its comeback in Korea in 2006, which Kim and Galvan were a part of.
 The group has been credited with being the first Korean hip hop group to closely resemble anything similar to American style hip hop.
Clouds is the third studio album by Detroit-based hip hop producer Apollo Brown, released on February 22, 2011, by Mello Music Group.
Xtended Play Version 3.13 is the third studio album by Detroit-based hip hop duo Frank n Dank, released on October 24, 2006.
 The album features production from the likes of J Dilla, Oh No and Rich Kidd, and includes guest appearances from Brick & Lace, Kardinal Offishall, Saukrates, Jeru the Damaja and more.
Lawless Element is an underground hip hop duo from Detroit, Michigan.
 The duo is composed of cousins Griot (West African for "Storyteller", born Alfred Austin) as emcee and Magnif (born Kavi Tapsico) as DJ, producer and emcee.
 The duo of Magnif and Griot became engulfed in hip hop culture at the ages of 6 and 9, and spent their teenage years honing their skills on the production boards and on the microphone.
 At the ages of 16 and 19, the duo released their first single, titled "Mic Check", in 2003 on Running Man Records.
 The next year, the duo hooked up with fellow Detroit native, producer J Dilla, to release the single "The Shining".
 In early 2005, LE worked with Dilla's Jaylib partner Madlib on the single "High", which landed them a deal with popular independent rap label Babygrande Records.
 Their debut album, "", was released in September 2005 to generally positive reviews.
 "Soundvision" featured production from Magnif, J Dilla and Madlib and guest appearances from Dilla, Melanie Rutherford, Phat Kat, Big Tone, P.Dot, SelfSays and Diverse.
 "Rules Pt. 2" was the album's lead single, and also became the duo's first music video.
 URB magazine gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and stated that it was "Heavily influenced by the golden age of De La Soul, Pete Rock and DJ Premier" and that it featured "12 top-shelf tracks" The album also earned the duo Featured Artist status on the Okayplayer website.
 Magnif has continued production work for a number of other underground acts, and released a mixtape titled "SupaBeatMaker" in late 2005.
 The duo has announced plans for their second album, tentatively titled "Evil", scheduled for released in 2008 on Babygrande Records.
 Magnif is also planning the release of a full-length production and solo album.
Sunset Blvd. is the debut LP by Detroit-based hip hop duo Yancey Boys (Illa J and Frank Nitt), released on October 29, 2013 by Yancey Media Group in conjunction with Delicious Vinyl and distributed through Traffic Entertainment Group.
