The St. Louis Bay Bridge is a bridge in the U.S. state of Mississippi which carries U.S. Route 90 over Bay of Saint Louis between Bay St. Louis and Pass Christian.
 The original bridge was heavily damaged by Hurricane Katrina in August 2005.
 The bridge's deck and railroad tracks were ruined, but the piers withstood the storm surge and winds and provided a base for a new concrete deck.
 The new bridge opened to traffic on May 17, 2007.
 The span carries 4 lanes of traffic as well as a 12 ft path for pedestrians and bicyclists on the Gulf side of the bridge.
The St. Louis, Missouri metropolitan area has a history of tornadoes.
 The third-deadliest, and the costliest in United States history, the 1896 St. Louis – East St. Louis tornado, injured more than one thousand people and caused at least 255 fatalities in the City of St. Louis and in East St. Louis.
 The second-costliest tornado also occurred in St. Louis in September 1927.
 More tornado fatalities occurred in St. Louis than any other city in the United States.
 Also noteworthy is that destructive tornadoes occurred in winter and autumn, as well as the typical months of spring.
 Additionally, damaging tornadoes occurred in the morning and late at night, as well as the more common late-afternoon to early-evening maximum period.
T.R. Carr was the mayor of the city of Hazelwood, Missouri in northern St. Louis County, Missouri, from April 2000 until April 2009.
 He is Professor of Public Administration at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE) and Senior Research Fellow at the Institute for Urban Research at SIUE.
 Carr represents SIUE on the State University Retirement System Member Advisory Board.
 He is board member and Treasurer of the St. Louis - Samara (Russia) Sister City Committee.
 Carr is a member of the Board of North County, Inc., an economic development organization in St. Louis County.
 He is a Commissioner on the St. Louis County Boundary Commission that reviews all municipal annexation plans within St. Louis County.
 He is a Board Member for the Northwest Chamber of Commerce in St. Louis County.
 Carr served on the Executive Board of the St. Louis County Municipal League and as League President 2007-2008.
 Carr served as Chairman of the Standing Committee on Policy and Resolutions of the Missouri Municipal League 2004 to 2009.
 He served on the St. Louis County Fire Standards Commission 2005 - 2009.
 He served on the East-West Gateway Council of Governments Board 2007-2009.
 Carr served as a member, then as Chairman of the Community Advisory Board for SSM Hospital 2000-2009.
 He has served as Department Chair of Public Administration and Policy Analysis and as Director of the Master of Public Administration Program at SIUE.
 He maintained these academic positions before, during, and after, his tenure as mayor.
Bay St. Louis is a closed Amtrak intercity train station in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, serving the "Sunset Limited".
 The Bay St. Louis station consists of two small platforms with indoor/outdoor shelters near the former Louisville & Nashville Railroad Depot, which was built in 1929, but is closed to the public.
 Service to this station has been suspended since Hurricane Katrina struck Bay St. Louis in 2005.
The St. Louis County Police Department (SLCPD) is the primary and largest law enforcement agency serving St. Louis County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
 The current Chief of Police is Colonel Jon Belmar.
 According to the Charter of St. Louis County, the county police chief has all of the criminal law enforcement duties of the sheriff of St. Louis County, except for the operation of the St. Louis County Jail, which is handled by the St. Louis County Department of Justice Services (civilian), court bailiff and service of civil process.
 Court bailiff/civil process duties are provided by a court-appointed sheriff and his employees, none of whom have law enforcement powers.
The MacArthur Bridge over the Mississippi River between St. Louis, Missouri and East St. Louis, Illinois is a 677-foot (206 m) long truss bridge.
 Construction on the bridge was begun in 1909 by the city of St. Louis to break the Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis's monopoly on the area's railroad traffic.
 Money ran out before the bridge approaches could be finished, however, and the bridge did not open until 1917, and then only to automobile traffic.
 Railroad traffic would not use the bridge's lower deck until 1928.
The Bay of Saint Louis (Bay of St. Louis, St. Louis Bay) is a shallow-water, partially enclosed estuary of the northeast Gulf of Mexico along the southwestern coast of Mississippi.
 The estuary receives freshwater input from two blackwater, or swamp-land, tributaries of the Mississippi River, the Jourdan River on the west and the Wolf River on the east and some smaller streams (Bayou Portage); these are mixed in the bay with salt water from Mississippi Sound and the Mississippi Bight.
 The waters are comparatively well mixed, with an average salinity of less than 20.
 The Bay of Saint Louis is classified as an "impaired" waterway by the United States Environmental Protection Agency due to high fecal coliform levels in the waters from urban development on the bay and surrounding waters.
Streetcars in St. Louis, Missouri operated as part of the transportation network of St. Louis from the middle of the 19th century through the early 1960s.
 During the first forty years of the streetcar in the city, a variety of private companies operated several dozen lines; from the start of the 20th century, most of these companies consolidated into the St. Louis Public Service Company, which served both the city of St. Louis and neighboring St. Louis County, Missouri.
 Other private companies, such as those serving the Metro East region or St. Charles, Missouri, continued separate operations.
 Starting in the 1930s and continuing through the 1960s, St. Louis Public Service ended all streetcar service, while other regional operators also ended their services.
The Bay St. Louis-Waveland School District is a public school district based in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi (USA).
Old North St. Louis is a neighborhood just north and slightly west of the downtown area of St. Louis, Missouri.
 Known for the landmark Crown Candy Kitchen, historic 19th century brick homes, and its award-winning community gardens, the neighborhood now known as Old North St. Louis was established as the independent village of North St. Louis in 1816 and was annexed by the City of St. Louis in 1841.
 After many generations as a very densely populated neighborhood, Old North St. Louis experienced several decades of population losses and deterioration of the community's housing stock.
 Over the past several years, however, the community has started to experience a dramatic revitalization led by the community-based Old North St. Louis Restoration Group, a non-profit organization.
 ONSLRG pursues a mission of revitalizing the physical and social dimensions of the Old North St. Louis neighborhood in a manner that respects the neighborhood's historic, cultural and urban character.
