James Douglas Aikin (born 1948) is an American science fiction writer based in Livermore, California.
 He is also a music technology writer, an interactive fiction writer, freelance editor and writer, cellist, and teacher.
 He frequently writes articles for various music industry magazines, including "Electronic Musician", "Keyboard Magazine", and "Mix".
R. T. Smith (born 1947 in Washington, D.C.) is an award-winning poet, fiction writer, and editor.
 The author of twelve poetry collections and a collection of short fiction, Smith is the editor of "Shenandoah", a prestigious literary journal published by Washington and Lee University.
 His poetry and stories are identified with Southern literature and have been published in magazines and literary journals such as The Atlantic Monthly, Poetry, Southern Humanities Review, and The Kenyon Review.
Paola Corso (May 28, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American fiction writer, poet, and essayist.
 Corso is a New York Foundation for the Arts Poetry Fellow and Sherwood Anderson Fiction Award Winner, and is the author of "Catina’s Haircut: A Novel in Stories" (2010) on Library Journal’s notable list of first novels, "Giovanna’s 86 Circles And Other Stories" (2005), a Binghamton University's John Gardner Fiction Book Award Finalist, a book of poems, "Death by Renaissance" (2004), and newly released poetry collections, "The Laundress Catches Her Breath" and "Once I Was Told the Air Was Not for Breathing" (2012), about Pittsburgh steelworkers and garment workers in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire.
Mary O'Donoghue (born 1975) is an Irish fiction writer, poet, and translator.
 She grew up in Co.
 Clare, Ireland.
 Her debut novel "Before the House Burns" was published in 2010, and is described by Booker Prize-winning Irish novelist Anne Enright as "Electric, real, and utterly modern: this is a voice to welcome and to watch."
 Her short stories have been published in the "Georgia Review", the "Dublin Review", "AGNI", "Salamander", "Literary Imagination", "Stinging Fly", the "Irish Times", and elsewhere.
 Her poetry collections are "Tulle" (2001) and "Among These Winters" (2007).
 She is one of the translators of Irish-language poet Seán Ó Ríordáin; "Selected Poems" appeared from Yale University Press (Margellos World Republic of Letters) in 2014.
 Across several years and bilingual volumes, she has collaborated with Louis de Paor on translations of his poetry, most recently "The Brindled Cat and the Nightingale’s Tongue" (Bloodaxe Books, 2014).
 Mary O'Donoghue's writing awards include Hennessy/"Sunday Tribune" New Irish Writer; two artist’s fellowships from Massachusetts Cultural Council (2006 and 2012 ); "Irish Times"/ Legends of the Fall prize for short fiction responding to Ireland's economic crisis (2013); and residencies at Vermont Studio Center and Virginia Center for Creative Arts.
 She is an associate professor of English in the Arts and Humanities division at Babson College, Massachusetts.
Enid Shomer is an American poet and fiction writer.
 She is the author of four poetry collections, two short story collections and a novel.
 Her poems have appeared in literary journals and magazines including "The Atlantic Monthly, Poetry, Paris Review, The New Criterion, Parnassus, Kenyon Review, Tikkun," and in anthologies including "The Best American Poetry."
 Her stories have appeared in "The New Yorker, New Stories from the South, the Year's Best, Modern Maturity, New Letters, Prairie Schooner, Shenandoah," and "Virginia Quarterly Review."
 Her stories, poems, and essays have been included in more than fifty anthologies and textbooks, including "Poetry: A HarperCollins Pocket Anthology".
 Her book reviews and essays have appeared in "The New Times Book Review, The Women's Review of Books," and elsewhere.
 Two of her books, "Stars at Noon" and "Imaginary Men," were the subjects of feature interviews on NPR's "Morning Edition" and "All Things Considered."
 Her writing is often set in or influenced by life in the State of Florida.
 Shomer was Poetry Series Editor for the University of Arkansas Press from 2002-2015, and has taught at many universities, including the University of Arkansas, Florida State University, and the Ohio State University, where she was the Thurber House Writer-in-Residence.
Rochelle Potkar (born 9 March 1979) is an Indian fiction writer and poet based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
 Her first book, 'The Arithmetic of breasts and other stories' was shortlisted for "The Digital Book of the Year Award 2014", by Publishing Next.
 'Four Degrees of Separation' (Paperwall, 2016) is her first book of poetry.
 She has represented India at the University of Iowa's International Writing Program and was a writer-in-residence at the UNESCO city of literature – Iowa's International Writing Program (IWP), Fall Residency 2015.
Rita Mae Reese is an American poet, fiction writer, and marketing director at Headmistress Press, an independent publisher of chapbooks and full-length collections by lesbian poets.
 She was born and raised in Charleston, West Virginia and lives in Madison, Wisconsin.
 She earned a B.A. in American Studies and an M.A. in Creative Writing at Florida State University, and an M.F.A. at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
 Her first collection, "The Alphabet Conspiracy" (Red Hen Press), won the 2012 Drake Emerging Writers Award.
 Other awards include the Rona Jaffe Foundation Writers' Award for fiction in 2006, a Wallace Stegner Fellowship from Stanford University, the Paumanok Poetry Award, and a Discovery/The Nation award.
 Her latest book, "The Book of Hulga", won the Felix Pollak Prize and will be published in 2016.
 Her work has been published in many journals and anthologies, including "Poetry From Sojourner: A Feminist Anthology" (2004) and Robert Olen Butler's "From Where You Dream: The Process of Writing Fiction" (2005).
James Harrison (December 11, 1937 – March 26, 2016) was an American writer known for his poetry, fiction, reviews, essays about the outdoors, and writings about food.
 He is best known for his 1979 novella "Legends of the Fall".
 He has been called "a force of nature", and his work has been compared to that of William Faulkner and Ernest Hemingway.
 Harrison's characters tend to be rural by birth and to have retained some qualities of their agrarian pioneer heritage which explains their sense of rugged intelligence and common sense.
 They attune themselves to both the natural and the civilized world, surrounded by excesses but determined to live their lives as well as possible.
Nancy Anne Kress (born January 20, 1948) is an American science fiction writer.
 She began writing in 1976 but has achieved her greatest notice since the publication of her Hugo and Nebula-winning 1991 novella "Beggars in Spain" which she later expanded into a novel with the same title.
 She has also won the Nebula Award for Best Novella in 2013 for "After the Fall, Before the Fall, During the Fall", and in 2015 for "Yesterday's Kin".
Reginald Gibbons (born 1947) is an American poet, fiction writer, translator, literary critic, and Professor of English and Classics at Northwestern University and Director of the Center for the Writing Arts there.
 Gibbons has published numerous books, as well as poems, short stories, essays and reviews in journals and magazines, has held Guggenheim Foundation and NEA fellowships in poetry and a research fellowship from the Center for Hellenic Studies in Washington D.C.
 He has won the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award, the Carl Sandburg Prize, the Folger Shakespeare Library's O. B. Hardison, Jr.
 Poetry Prize, and other honors, among them the inclusion of his work in "Best American Poetry" and "Pushcart Prize" anthologies.
 His book "Creatures of a Day" was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Award for poetry.
 He attended public school in Spring Branch (at that time, outside Houston, Texas; now incorporated into the city), Princeton University (BA Spanish and Portuguese), and Stanford University (MA in English and Creative Writing; PhD in Comparative Literature).
 Before moving to Northwestern University, he taught creative writing at Princeton and Columbia.
 At Northwestern, he was the editor of "TriQuarterly" magazine from 1981 to 1997, and co-founded TriQuarterly Books (after 1997, an imprint of Northwestern University Press).
 As the editor of "TriQuarterly", he edited or co-edited the special issues "Chicago" (1984), "From South Africa: New Writing, Photography and Art" (1987), "A Window on Poland" (1983), "Prose from Spain" (1983), "New Writing from Mexico" (1992), and others, as well as many general issues of the magazine.
 He edited two works of William Goyen (1915-1983): the 50th Anniversary edition of "The House of Breath" and the Goyen's posthumously published second novel, "Half a Look of Cain" (both published by Northwestern University Press).
 In 1989, he was one of a group of co-founders of the Guild Literary Complex (Chicago), a literary presenting organization, where he continues to volunteer, and he is a member of the large team that is creating the American Writers Museum (Chicago; opening in 2017).
