The North Midlands Shield is an annual rugby union knock-out cup club competition organized by the North Midlands Rugby Football Union and was first contested during the 2001-02 season with Ledbury being the first ever winners, defeating Old Saltleians in the final held at Finstall Park in Bromsgrove.
 It is currently open for clubs ranked in tier 7-8 of the English rugby union system that fall under the North Midlands RFU umbrella, including sides based in Birmingham and the West Midlands, Herefordshire, Shropshire and Worcestershire.
 A tier 9 side, Shropshire based Oswestry, who play in Cheshire (South), also take part.
 In 2014 the North Midlands RFU introduced a 'Plate' competition for sides eliminated in the early stages of the Shield.
 It is one of three men's club competitions in the region along with the North Midlands Cup (for tier 5-6 sides) and the North Midlands Vase (for tier 9-10 sides).
Aldershot Football Club was an English Football League club, which was wound up in the High Court in March 1992.
 They became the first Football League club since Accrington Stanley to resign from the League during the course of a season.
 The club was nicknamed "The Shots" for both the last syllable of the town name and the military links to Aldershot.
 Aldershot were also the first ever winners of a Football League play-off competition, when they beat Wolverhampton Wanderers in the Division Four play-offs in 1987.
The Cheshire Plate is an annual rugby union knock-out club competition organized by the Cheshire Rugby Football Union.
 It was introduced in 1981 for teams that were eliminated from the preliminary and 1st rounds of the Cheshire Cup, with Old Instonians being the first ever winners.
 Initially the secondary competition in the region, in recent years the Plate has become stand-alone competition open to club sides based in either Cheshire, Merseyside or the Isle of Man that are ranked at tier 8 (South Lancs/Cheshire 2) and 9 (South Lancs/Cheshire 3) of the English league system - although some teams that compete are invited come from outside the official league structure.
 It is currently the fourth most important club competition organized by the Cheshire RFU behind the Cheshire Bowl (3rd), Cheshire Vase (2nd) and Cheshire Cup (1st).
Knock Football Club is a former Irish football club based in east Belfast.
 It was founded by members of the Knock Lacrosse Club in 1879 and was the second football club to be formed in Ireland, after Cliftonville F.C..
 It played in the first ever match between two Irish football clubs, when it lost 0-2 to Cliftonville on 1 November 1879.
 It was a founding member of the Irish Football Association.
 The club played in the early years of the Irish Cup.
 Its ground was Bloomfield, which in 1882 hosted Ireland's first ever international football match.
 In 1882, the club changed its name to Down Athletics.
 By 1891 the club had ceased playing football.
The Cheshire Bowl is an annual rugby union knock-out club competition organized by the Cheshire Rugby Football Union, and was introduced during the 2009-10 season with Winnington Park being the first ever winners.
 The Bowl is currently a stand-alone competition that is open to club sides based in Cheshire, Merseyside or the Isle of Man that are ranked at tier 8 (South Lancs/Cheshire 2) of the English league system - although some teams may be invited from outside the official leagues.
 It is the third most important competition organized by the Cheshire RFU behind the Cheshire Vase (2nd) and Cheshire Cup (1st).
The Stroud and District Combination Bill Adams Cup is an annual rugby union knock-out club competition organized by the Stroud and District Combination - one of the five bodies that make up the Gloucestershire Rugby Football Union.
 It was first introduced during the 1983-84 season, with the first ever winners being Cirencester III.
 The Bill Adams Cup is the third most important cup competition in Stroud District behind the Senior Cup (1st) and Stroud and District Combination Junior Cup (2nd).
 With only 9 member clubs the combination is one of the smallest in Gloucestershire.
The Cheshire Vase is an annual rugby union knock-out club competition organized by the Cheshire Rugby Football Union, and was introduced during the 2005-06 season with Anselmians being the first ever winners.
 The Vase is currently a stand-alone competition open to club sides based in either Cheshire, Merseyside or the Isle of Man that are ranked at tier 6 (North 1 West) and 7 (South Lancs/Cheshire 1) of the English league system.
 It is the second most important club competition organized by the Cheshire RFU behind the Cheshire Cup.
The Liberties (Irish: Na Saoirsí or occasionally Na Libirtí) is an area in central Dublin, Ireland, located to the southwest of the inner city.
 One of Dublin's most historic working-class neighbourhoods, the area is traditionally associated with social housing, market traders, local family-owned businesses, as well as whiskey distilling, it is now also a centre of enterprise and commercial life in the heart of the city.
 Today the historic city quarter sits side by side with dynamic media and tech hubs and highly respected medical and education centres.
Ray Bachelor was an English football coach who was the first ever manager of the Kenyan national side.
 Bachelor later managed Kenyan club side Nakuru AllStars, first ever winners of the Kenyan Premier League.
Brideville Football Club was an Irish association football club, originally based in The Liberties, Dublin.
 They were active during the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s, playing in both the League of Ireland and the Leinster Senior League.
 They were the first ever winners of the FAI Junior Cup and also played in two FAI Cup finals.
