St. Peter's Episcopal Church and Rectory is a historic Episcopal church and rectory at 36-38 W. Campbell Street in Blairsville, Indiana County, Pennsylvania.
 The church was built in 1830, and is a small, rectangular brick building on a stone foundation in an Early Gothic Revival style.
 It features a belfry atop the front entrance gable roof.
 The rectory was built in 1889, and is a 2 1/2-story, wood frame building with Eastlake Movement elements.
The Episcopal presence in Canandaigua,New York begins about 1799 with the St. Matthew Society, a missionary group.
 St. John's Episcopal Church was organized in 1814 and first met in the Ontario County, New York Court House in Canandaigua.
 St. John's erected a wooden church building in 1816.
 Bishop John Henry Hobart consecrated it that year.
 The brick rectory was constructed alongside the church in 1851.
 Steady congregational growth necessitated more space.
 This led to the razing of the first church and the constructing of the current, larger stone Gothic building done in the parish church style popular in the 19th century.
 Emlen T. Littel of New York, who was also the architect of Zion Episcopal Church (Palmyra, New York) designed the building.
 This church was constructed in 1872 at a cost of $47,000 (approximately $850,000 today) and consecrated in 1886.
 It contains several windows from the earlier wooden church, elaborate new stained glass windows imported from Europe, and one—The Parables Window—was designed by Daniel Cottier(1837–1891), who was considered an important influence on Louis Comfort Tiffany.
 In 1908, new hardwood floors, choir stalls, and an organ were installed.
 The parish house and a chapel were added at the same time.
 In 1964-65, an addition to parish house included classrooms, a new chapel, and a dining/ meeting room added to celebrate the church’s 150th anniversary.
 Recent additions include a columbarium with a capacity of 136 niches and a memorial garden, outside the church, reached through the columbarium and chapel in the south transept.
Mountain Road Historic District is a national historic district in Halifax, Halifax County, Virginia.
 The district includes 22 contributing buildings located along Mountain Road (State Route 360) and consists of two churches, a parish hall, a masonic hall, and a host of private residences dating to the 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Notable buildings include the Masonic Lodge (1828), Methodist Church (1831), St. John's Episcopal Church (1844), Magnolia Hill, Grand Oaks, and St. John's Rectory.
 Several of the earlier dwellings and St. John's Episcopal Church were designed by Dabney Cosby, Jr., son of the Jeffersonian workman, Dabney Cosby, Sr.
Grace Episcopal Church Complex is a historic Episcopal church complex located at Lyons in Wayne County, New York.
 The complex consists of a contributing stone church building begun in 1838, a contributing frame rectory begun about 1833, and a contributing parish house built in 1887-1888.
 The church building is Gothic Revival in style and constructed of rubble limestone walls with cut limestone trim.
 The rectory is an irregularly massed two story, wood frame building incorporating a former private residence built at this site about 1833 in the vernacular late Federal / early Greek Revival style.
 The parish house is a single story, frame building designed in the Queen Anne style.
St. Barnabas Episcopal Church, later called Christ & St. Barnabas Episcopal Church, and now known as New Hope Missionary Baptist Church, is an historic Episcopal church and rectory at 2900 Fifth Avenue in Troy, Rensselaer County, New York.
 The church was built in 1895 and is a red brick church in the Late Gothic Revival style.
 It has a gable roof and three hipped dormers.
 It has an open bell tower and slender conical turrets.
 It features a rose window depicting the Madonna and Child.
 The former rectory is a 2 ⁄ -story, L-shaped brick residence.
 Also on the property is a contributing carved stone crucifixion dated to about 1900.
The Episcopal Diocese of the Virgin Islands is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America (ECUSA) which includes both the United States Virgin Islands and the British Virgin Islands.
 The diocese is a part of Province II of the Episcopal Church.
 The current Diocesan Bishop of the Virgin Islands is the Edward Ambrose Gumbs.
 The cathedral church of the diocese is the Cathedral Church of All Saints, Charlotte Amalie.
 The diocese currently comprises 14 churches.
 There is a functioning parish school on St. Thomas All Saints Cathedral School there was an academic campus on St. Croix, St. Dunstan's Episcopal High School.
 St. Dunstan's closed in the 1990s.
 There is also the St. Georges School located on the parish property of St. Georges Episcopal Church in Road Town, Tortola in the British Virgin Islands, which also opened the St. Georges School (Secondary Division) in Palestina Estate near to the St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Sea Cow's Bay, Tortola in the British Virgin Islands.
 There is also the St. Mary's School located on the parish property of the St. Mary's Episcopal Church in Valley, Virgin Gorda in the British Virgin Islands.
St. Luke's Episcopal Church and Cemetery is a historic Episcopal church complex, cemetery, and national historic district located at 303-321 N. Cedar Street, 322 E. McBee Street in Lincolnton, Lincoln County, North Carolina.
 The complex includes the church, parish hall, and rectory.
 The church was built in 1885-1886, and is a Late Gothic Revival style frame structure with a brick veneer added in 1922-1923.
 The tower is believed to date to 1859.
 The parish hall was built in 1907, and is a one-story, rectangular frame building.
 The rectory was built in 1911-1912, and is a two-story, "T"-form Colonial Revival style dwelling with a pebbledash finish.
 The cemetery includes approximately 300 gravestones, with the earliest dating to 1854.
Old Rectory of St. Stephen's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church rectory located near Perrowville, Bedford County, Virginia.
 It was built in 1787, and is a "T"-shaped frame dwelling with exterior end chimneys and a gable roof.
 It features a modern one bay, two-story portico supported by four fluted Doric order columns.
 From around 1828 to 1904, the house served as the rectory of St. Stephen's Episcopal Church.
St. Augustine's Episcopal Church Complex is a historic Episcopal church complex at 6 Old Post Road north of Croton-on-Hudson, Westchester County, New York.
 The complex consists of the church and rectory The church consists of the original building and a later parish hall connected by an enclosed hyphen.
 The church was built in 1857, the parish hall was added in 1882, and the rectory was completed in 1910.
 The church and parish hall are in the Gothic Revival style, while the rectory is in the Colonial Revival style.
St. John of the Cross Episcopal Church, Rectory and Cemetery is a historic Episcopal church complex located at Bristol, Elkhart County, Indiana.
 The church was built between 1843 and 1847, and is a one-story, Gothic Revival style frame building.
 It has a projecting bell tower with octagonal roof and lancet windows.
 The associated rectory was built in 1830, and is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular, Greek Revival style frame dwelling.
 The complex also includes the contributing church cemetery.
