The Revolutionary Student Brigade (RSB) was a Marxist-Leninist student organization active in the 1970s in the United States.
 The RSB was founded at a conference on June 15–17, 1974 which was attended by about 450 students from 80 campuses.
 Its predecessor was the Attica Brigade, which was one grouping that can be traced to the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) split in 1969.
 The RSB was the student organization associated with the Revolutionary Union, which became the Revolutionary Communist Party in 1975.
Young Earth creationism (YEC) is a form of creationism, a religious belief which holds that the universe, Earth, and all life on Earth were created by direct acts of God less than 10,000 years ago.
 Its primary adherents are Christians who subscribe to a literal interpretation of the creation narrative in the Bible's Book of Genesis and believe that God created the Earth in six 24-hour days.
 In contrast to YEC, old Earth creationism is the belief in a metaphorical interpretation of the Book of Genesis and the scientifically-determined estimated ages of the Earth and Universe.
WYSE International is a worldwide educational charity specialising in the education and development of emerging leaders.
 Established in 1989, it is a non-governmental organization associated with the United Nations Department of Public Information.
 It is based in London and has branches in Italy, Brazil, Japan, the Netherlands and a worldwide network of alumni in more than 115 countries.
 The organization is run on a volunteer basis and its trainers are professional psychologists, leadership development trainers, educators, coaches and business people.
The Kurdish United Front (Kurdish: بەرەی يەکگرتووی كورد‎ ; Persian: جبهه متحد كرد‎ ‎ ; abbreviated KUF) is an ethnic political organization associated with Kurds in Iran which operates inside Iran.
 The organization works within the framework of constitution of Iran, eschews violence and separatism, while demanding democracy and minority rights.
 It is not an officially registered party or non-governmental organization.
The cosmology of J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium combines aspects of Christian theology and metaphysics, mythology (especially Germanic mythology) and pre-modern cosmological concepts in the flat Earth paradigm with the modern spherical Earth view of the solar system.
Answers in Genesis (AiG) is a fundamentalist Christian apologetics parachurch organization.
 It advocates a literal or historical-grammatical interpretation of the Book of Genesis, with a particular focus on a pseudoscientific promotion of young Earth creationism, rejecting any results of scientific investigation which do not conform to their literal interpretation of the Genesis creation narrative.
 The organization sees evolution as incompatible with scripture and believes anything other than the young earth view is a compromise on biblical inerrancy.
Oath Keepers is a far-right, anti-government American organization associated with the patriot and militia movements.
 The group describes itself as a non-partisan association of current and former military, police, and first responders, who pledge to fulfill the oath that all military and police take in order to "defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic."
 It encourages members – some of whom are current and former U.S. military and law enforcement officers – not to obey orders which they believe would violate the United States Constitution.
 The organization claims a membership of 35,000.
The Kultur Lige (Culture League) was a secular socialist Jewish organization associated with the Jewish Labour Bund, established in Kiev in 1918, whose aim was to promote Yiddish language literature, theater and culture.
 The league organized various activities, including theater performances, poetry recitals, and concerts in Yiddish with the aim of disseminating Jewish art in Eastern Europe and Russia.
 Among some notable members of the organization were the scenic designer Boris Aronson (who later worked on Broadway), the artist and architect El Lissitzky, the writer David Bergelson, the sculptor Joseph Chaikov, the writer Peretz Markish, the poet David Hofstein, and Isaac Ben Ryback.
 Bergelson, Markish and Hofstein were later executed on Joseph Stalin's orders during the Night of the Murdered Poets, in 1952.
Argonotes, the unofficial band of the Toronto Argonauts is an all volunteer organization committed to bringing quality musical entertainment and a "traditional football atmosphere" to all Argonauts home football games.
 Comprising more than 50 musicians on most game days, Argonotes is the largest musical organization associated with the CFL.
Carl Wieland (born 1950) is an Australian young earth creationist, author and speaker.
 He was the Managing Director of Creation Ministries International (formerly Answers in Genesis - Australia), a Creationist apologetics ministry.
 CMI are the distributors of "Creation" magazine and the "Journal of Creation".
