Saw is a 2004 American horror film directed by James Wan.
 It is Wan's feature film directorial debut.
 The screenplay, written by Leigh Whannell, is based on a story by Wan and Whannell.
 The film stars Cary Elwes, Danny Glover, Monica Potter, Michael Emerson, Ken Leung, Tobin Bell and Leigh Whannell.
 In the film, Elwes and Whannell portray two men who awake to find themselves chained in a large dilapidated bathroom, with one being ordered to kill the other or his family will die.
 It is the first installment in the "Saw" franchise.
Dr. Ross Eustace Geller, Ph.D., is a fictional character from the NBC sitcom "Friends", portrayed by David Schwimmer.
 Ross is considered by many to be the most intelligent member of the group and is noted for his goofy, pathetic but lovable demeanor.
 He is a compulsive liar to avoid arguments or situations with conflict, often leading to an arcing storyline within a show.
 His relationship with Rachel Green was included in "TV Guide"' s list of the best TV couples of all time, as well as "Entertainment Weekly"' s "30 Best 'Will They/Won't They?'
 TV Couples".
  Kevin Bright, one of the executive producers of the show had worked with Schwimmer before, so the writers were already developing Ross’s character in Schwimmer’s voice.
 And hence, Schwimmer was the first person to be cast on the show.
The Pilot, also known as "The One Where Monica Gets a Roommate" , was the first episode of the American situation comedy series "Friends", premiered on NBC (National Broadcasting Company) on September 22, 1994.
 It was written by series creators David Crane and Marta Kauffman, and directed by James Burrows.
 The pilot introduces six friends who live and work in New York City; Monica (Courteney Cox) sleeps with a wine seller after their first date but is horrified to discover he tricked her into bed; her brother Ross (David Schwimmer) is depressed after his lesbian ex-wife moves her things out of their apartment; Monica's old schoolfriend Rachel (Jennifer Aniston) moves in with Monica after running out of her wedding; and their friends, Joey, Chandler, and Phoebe (Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry, and Lisa Kudrow), respectively offer them each support and advice.
Trust (stylized as trust_) is a 2010 American drama thriller film directed by David Schwimmer and based on a screenplay by Andy Bellin and Robert Festinger, and an uncredited story by Schwimmer.
 It stars Viola Davis, Clive Owen, Catherine Keener, Jason Clarke, and Liana Liberato.
Saw (retrospectively also known as Saw 0.5) is an Australian short subject horror film, released in 2003.
 It was directed by James Wan and written by Wan and Leigh Whannell, the latter also starring in it.
 It was originally used to pitch their script for a full-length feature film of the same name to various studios and actors.
 The full-length film was eventually made in 2004.
 The short film later became a scene in "Saw", with Shawnee Smith as Amanda Young wearing the Reverse Bear Trap device instead of David.
 The original short can be viewed on the second disc of "Saw: Uncut Edition".
Saw is an American horror franchise distributed by Lionsgate, produced by Twisted Pictures and created by James Wan and Leigh Whannell, that consists of eight feature films and additional media.
 In 2003, Wan and Whannell made a short film to help pitch as a potential feature film.
 This was successfully done in 2004 with the release of the first installment at the Sundance Film Festival.
 It was released theatrically that October.
 The sequels were directed by Darren Lynn Bousman, David Hackl, and Kevin Greutert, and were written by Wan, Whannell, Bousman, Patrick Melton, and Marcus Dunstan, and were released subsequently every October, on the Friday before Halloween, between 2004 and 2010.
 Both of the creators remained with the franchise as executive producers.
 On July 22, 2010, producer Mark Burg confirmed that the seventh film, "Saw 3D", is the final installment of the series.
 Lionsgate reportedly expressed interest in continuing the franchise in 2012 with a reboot.
 However, in November 2013, it was reported that they were in active development of a sequel.
The Conjuring 2 is a 2016 American horror film directed by James Wan.
 The screenplay is by Chad Hayes, Carey W. Hayes, Wan and David Leslie Johnson.
 It is the sequel to 2013's "The Conjuring" and the third installment in "The Conjuring" series.
 Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga reprise their roles as paranormal investigators and authors Ed and Lorraine Warren from the first film.
 The film follows the Warrens as they travel to England to assist the Hodgson family, who are experiencing poltergeist activity at their Enfield council house in 1977 which later became referred to as the Enfield Poltergeist.
Aquaman is an upcoming American superhero film based on the DC Comics character of the same name, distributed by Warner Bros.
 Pictures.
 It is intended to be the sixth installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU).
 The film is being directed by James Wan, with a screenplay by Will Beall, from a story by Wan and Geoff Johns, and stars Jason Momoa, Amber Heard, Patrick Wilson, Willem Dafoe, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Temuera Morrison, Dolph Lundgren, and Nicole Kidman.
The Melbourne Underground Film Festival (MUFF) was formed out of disagreements over the content and running of the Melbourne International Film Festival (MIFF).
 When director Richard Wolstencroft's film "Pearls Before Swine" was not accepted by the Melbourne International Film Festival, Wolstencroft claimed it was because his film was too confrontational for the tastes of MIFF.As a response to the film's rejection by MIFF, Wolstencroft founded MUFF in 2000 as an alternative independent film festival, featuring mostly genre, controversial, transgressive and avant garde material.
 MUFF has been known for controversy with a recent public disobedience screening of Bruce LaBruce's "LA Zombie" gaining worldwide attention including coverage in the "New York Times".
 Over the years, the festival has been outspoken on the poor state of the Australia film industry and the need to make more local genre films, and has championed many issues of freedom of speech and outsider politics and ideas.
 The festival has also discovered (first world festival to show the work of) Australian directors like James Wan, Greg McLean, Scott Ryan, Spierig brothers, Stuart Simpson, Patrick Hughes, Andrew Traucki, Dave de Vries, David Nerlich, Neil McGregor and many others.
 International Guests of MUFF have included Bruce LaBruce, Lloyd Kaufman, William Lustig, Ron Jeremy, American film director Chris Folino, Michael Tierney, Peter Christopherson, Jim Van Bebber, Bret Easton Ellis, Gene Gregorits, Terry McMahon and Geretta Geretta.
Friends (stylized as F•R•I•E•N•D•S) is an American television sitcom, created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, which aired on NBC from September 22, 1994, to May 6, 2004, lasting ten seasons.
 With an ensemble cast starring Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer, the show revolves around six 20-30 something friends living in Manhattan.
 The series was produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions, in association with Warner Bros.
 Television.
 The original executive producers were Kevin S. Bright, Marta Kauffman, and David Crane.
