Eriogonum is the scientific name for a genus of flowering plants in the family Polygonaceae.
 The genus is found in North America and is known as wild buckwheat.
 This is a highly species-rich genus, and indications are that active speciation is continuing.
 It includes some common wildflowers such as the California buckwheat ("Eriogonum fasciculatum").
Eriogonum crosbyae is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Crosby's buckwheat.
 It is native to southcentral Oregon and northwestern Nevada in the United States.
 Some treatments include plants in Montana and Idaho as members of this species.
 This plant was first discovered in the Guano Valley in Lake County, Oregon, in 1978 by Bureau of Land Management botanist Virginia Crosby, and it was named for her in 1981.
Aloinopsis is a genus of ice plants from South Africa.
Eriogonum diclinum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Jaynes Canyon buckwheat.
 It is native to the Klamath Mountains of northern California and southern Oregon, where it is an uncommon member of plant communities on serpentine soils.
 This is a small dioecious shrub forming low, thick mats rarely exceeding 20 centimeters in height.
 The curving, oval-shaped leaves are woolly and greenish gray in color, growing up to two centimeters long.
 The plant flowers in yellow to reddish rounded inflorescences, male plants producing clusters of staminate flowers, and female plants producing larger clusters of pistillate flowers.
Caryophyllales ( ) is an order of flowering plants that includes the cacti, carnations, amaranths, ice plants, beets, and many carnivorous plants.
 Many members are succulent, having fleshy stems or leaves.
Eriogonum heracleoides (common names parsnipflower buckwheat, whorled buckwheat, and Wyeth buckwheat) has many flowering clusters that are cream or off-white in color.
 Its usual habitat is rocky areas such as sagebrush deserts and Ponderosa pine forests.
 Parsnipflower buckwheat is in the genus "Eriogonum" and the family Polygonaceae which is a family of plants known as the "knotweed family".
 It inhabits much of the western part of the United States.
Conicosia is a genus of succulent plants in the ice plant family native to southern Africa.
 They are known commonly as narrow-leafed ice plants.
 These are relatively short-lived perennials with underground stems and tentacle-shaped, dull-pointed triangular leaves.
 They bear large tubular flowers often exceeding 10 centimeters in width, with up to 250 fringelike petals arranged in a ring around a center with hundreds of stamens.
 The fruit is a capsule which opens when it gets wet, slowly releasing the hundreds of tiny seeds as they fall out of its drying flesh.
Aizoaceae (the fig-marigold family) is a large family of dicotyledonous flowering plants containing 135 genera and about 1900 species.
 They are commonly known as stone plants or carpet weeds.
 They are often called vygies in South Africa and New Zealand.
 Species that resemble stones or pebbles are sometimes called mesembs.
 Several species are known as ice plants because of the glistening globular bladder cells covering their stems, fruit and leaves, "... they sparkle like ice crystals."
Apodemia mormo, the Mormon metalmark, is a species of metalmark butterfly (family Riodinidae).
 Its upperside is orange-brown to black, checkered with black and white spots.
 Its caterpillar host is various species of "Eriogonum" (wild buckwheat).
 Its adult food is nectar from the flowers of "Eriogonum" and other plants, especially yellow-flowered composites, such as "Senecio" and "Chrysothamnus" (rabbitbrush).
Samuel Bonsall Parish (1838 - 1928) was a California botanist and curator of the herbarium at Stanford University.
 A number of plants were named in his honor, including "Acanthoschyphus parishii", "Allium parishii", "Atriplex parishii", "Boechera parishii", "Chaenactis parishii", "Cheilanthes parishii", "Delphinium parishii" ssp.
 "pallidum", "Delphinium parishii" ssp.
 "parishii", "Ericameria parishii", "Erigeron parishii", "Eriogonum parishii", "Eschscholzia parishii", "Euphorbia parishii", "Galium parishii", "Grusonia parishii", "Heuchera parishii", "Lycium parishii", "Malacothamnus parishii", "Mimulus parishii", "Orobanche parishii" ssp.
 "brachyloba", "Orobanche parishii" ssp.
 "parishii", "Perideridia parishii", "Phacelia parishii", "Plagiobothrys parishii", "Puccinellia parishii", "Silene parishii", "Solanum parishii", "Stipa parishii", "Symphoricarpos parishii", "Tauschia parishii", "Trichostema parishii", "Viguiera parishii", and others.
