Xanthosoma is a genus of flowering plants in the arum family, Araceae.
 The genus is native to tropical America but widely cultivated and naturalized in other tropical regions.
 Several are grown for their starchy corms, an important food staple of tropical regions, known variously as "malanga", "otoy", "otoe", cocoyam (or new cocoyam), "tannia", "tannier", "yautía", "macabo", "ocumo", "macal", "taioba", "dasheen", "quequisque", "ʻ ape" and (in Papua New Guinea) as Singapore taro ("taro kongkong").
 Many other species (including especially "X. roseum") are used as ornamental plants, and in popular horticultural literature are known as ‘ape or elephant ear (from the purported resemblance of the leaf to an elephant's ear), although the latter name is sometimes also applied to members with similar appearance and uses in the closely related genera "Caladium", "Colocasia" (i.e., taro), and "Alocasia".
The genus Coronilla contains about 20 species of flowering plants native to Europe and North Africa.
Caladium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae.
 They are often known by the common name elephant ear (which they share with the closely related genera "Alocasia", "Colocasia", and "Xanthosoma"), Heart of Jesus, and Angel Wings.
 There are over 1000 named cultivars of "Caladium bicolor" from the original South American plant.
Colocasia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae, native to southeastern Asia and the Indian subcontinent.
 Some species are widely cultivated and naturalized in other tropical and subtropical regions.
 Common names include tarul, karkala ko ganu, elephant-ear, taro, cocoyam, dasheen, chembu, champadhumpa, shavige gadde, and eddoe.
 Elephant-ear and cocoyam are also used for some other large-leaved genera in the Araceae, notably "Xanthosoma" and "Caladium".
 The generic name is derived from the ancient Greek word "kolokasion", which in the Greek botanist Dioscorides (1st century AD) meant the edible roots of both "Colocasia esculenta" and "Nelumbo nucifera".
 It is thought that the edible roots of "Colocasia esculenta" have been cultivated in Asia for more than ten thousand years.
 The species "Colocasia esculenta" is an invasive species in wetlands along the American Gulf coast, where it threatens to displace native wetland plants.
