"I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day" is a Christmas carol based on the 1863 poem "Christmas Bells" by American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
 The song tells of the narrator's despair, upon hearing Christmas bells, that "hate is strong and mocks the song of peace on earth, good will to men".
 The carol concludes with the bells carrying renewed hope for peace among men.
"We Three Kings", also known as "We Three Kings of Orient Are" or "The Quest of the Magi", is a Christmas carol that was written by John Henry Hopkins, Jr. in 1857.
 At the time of composing the carol, Hopkins served as the rector of Christ Episcopal Church in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, and he wrote the carol for a Christmas pageant in New York City.
 Many versions of this song have been composed and it remains a popular Christmas carol.
The Chimes: A Goblin Story of Some Bells that Rang an Old Year Out and a New Year In, a short novel by Charles Dickens, was written and published in 1844, one year after "A Christmas Carol" and one year before "The Cricket on the Hearth".
 It is the second in his series of "Christmas books": five short books with strong social and moral messages that he published during the 1840s.
 In addition to "A Christmas Carol" and "The Cricket on the Hearth", the Christmas books include "The Battle of Life" (1846) and "The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain" (1848).
Blackadder's Christmas Carol is a one-off episode of "Blackadder", a parody of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol".
 It is set between "Blackadder the Third" (1987) and "Blackadder Goes Forth" (1989), and is narrated by Hugh Laurie.
 Produced by the BBC, it was first broadcast on BBC1 on 23 December 1988.
A Christmas Carol in Prose, Being a Ghost-Story of Christmas, commonly known as A Christmas Carol, is a novella by Charles Dickens, first published in London by Chapman & Hall in 1843; the first edition was illustrated by John Leech.
 "A Christmas Carol" tells the story of Ebenezer Scrooge, an old miser who is visited by the ghost of his former business partner Jacob Marley and the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present and Yet to Come.
 After their visits Scrooge is transformed into a kinder, gentler man.
A Klingon Christmas Carol is the first play to be performed entirely in Klingon, a constructed language first appearing in the television series "Star Trek".
 The play is based on the Charles Dickens novella, "A Christmas Carol".
 "A Klingon Christmas Carol" is the Charles Dickens classic tale of ghosts and redemption, adapted to reflect the Klingon values of courage and honor, and then translated into Klingon, performed with English supertitles.
The Muppet Christmas Carol is a 1992 American-British musical fantasy comedy-drama film and an adaptation of Charles Dickens's 1843 novel "A Christmas Carol".
 It is the fourth in a series of live-action musical films featuring The Muppets, with Michael Caine starring as Ebenezer Scrooge.
 Although it is a comedic film with contemporary songs, "The Muppet Christmas Carol" otherwise follows Dickens's original story closely.
 The film was produced and directed by Brian Henson for Jim Henson Productions and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
The Cricket on the Hearth: A Fairy Tale of Home is a novella by Charles Dickens, published by Bradbury and Evans, and released 20 December 1845 with illustrations by Daniel Maclise, John Leech, Richard Doyle, Clarkson Stanfield and Edwin Henry Landseer.
 Dickens began writing the book around 17 October 1845 and finished it by 1 December.
 Like all of Dickens's Christmas books, it was published in book form, not as a serial.
 Dickens described the novel as "quiet and domestic [...] innocent and pretty."
 It is subdivided into chapters called "Chirps", similar to the "Quarters" of "The Chimes" or the "Staves" of "A Christmas Carol".
 It is the third of Dickens's five Christmas books, preceded by "A Christmas Carol" (1843) and "The Chimes" (1844), and followed by "The Battle of Life" (1846) and "The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain" (1848).
Kalanta Xristougenon (Κάλαντα Χριστουγέννων) is a Greek traditional Christmas carol (kalanta) translated into English simply as "Christmas Carol."
 This carol is commonly abbreviated as "Kalanta" or "Kalanda", some other common titles for this Christmas carol are Kalin Iméran and Christos Genate.
 This carol is commonly sung around Christmas and accompanied by light percussion instruments such as the Triangle (musical instrument) and Guitar.
A Christmas Carol is a 1999 British-American made-for-television film adaptation of Charles Dickens' famous novel "A Christmas Carol" that was first televised December 5, 1999 on TNT.
 It was directed by David Jones and stars Patrick Stewart as Ebenezer Scrooge and Richard E. Grant as Bob Cratchit.
 The film was produced after Patrick Stewart performed a series of successful theatrical readings of "A Christmas Carol" on Broadway and in London.
