Rage (originally Tokarev) is a 2014 American action crime thriller film directed by Paco Cabezas and written by Jim Agnew and Sean Keller.
 The film stars Nicolas Cage, Rachel Nichols, Peter Stormare, Danny Glover, Max Ryan, Judd Lormand and Pasha D. Lychnikoff.
Point Break is a 1991 American action crime thriller film directed by Kathryn Bigelow, starring Patrick Swayze, Keanu Reeves, Lori Petty and Gary Busey.
 The title refers to the surfing term "point break," where a wave breaks as it hits a point of land jutting out from the coastline.
 Reeves stars as rookie FBI agent Johnny Utah, who is investigating a string of bank robberies possibly being committed by surfers.
 Johnny goes undercover to infiltrate the surfing community and develops a complex friendship with Bodhi (Swayze), the charismatic leader of a gang of surfers.
Yaanum Theeyavan (English: "I am Bad too " ) is an upcoming Indian Tamil action crime thriller film written and directed by debut director Prashanth G Sekar.
 The film is based on a number of true events collectively.
 Prashanth G Sekar is a former assistant director of Director Hari in Singam II and Director Vignesh Shivan in the film Podaa Podi.
 The casting of the movie includes Ashwin Jerome who is a trained actor, Varsha and Raju Sundaram in primary roles.
 The Cinematography of the movie is done by Shreyaas Krishna who also did it for Jil Jung Juk.
 Music is taken care of by the ace music director Achu Rajamani.
 This movie is touted to be an Action Thriller and is expected to hit the screens by June 2017.
War is a 2007 American action crime thriller film directed by Philip G. Atwell in his directorial debut and also featuring fight choreography by Corey Yuen.
 The film stars Jet Li and Jason Statham.
 The film was released in the United States on August 24, 2007.
 "War" features a collaboration between Jet Li and Jason Statham, reuniting them for the first time since 2001's "The One".
 Jason Statham plays an FBI agent determined to take down a mysterious assassin known as Rogue (played by Jet Li), after his partner is murdered.
U.S. Marshals is a 1998 American action crime thriller film directed by Stuart Baird.
 The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Roy Huggins and John Pogue.
 The film is a spin-off to the 1993 motion picture "The Fugitive", which in turn was based on the 1960s television series of the same name, created by Huggins.
 The story does not involve the character of Dr. Richard Kimble, portrayed by Harrison Ford in the initial film, but instead the plot centers on United States Deputy Marshal Sam Gerard, once again played by Tommy Lee Jones.
 The plot follows Gerard and his team as they pursue another fugitive Mark Warren, played by Wesley Snipes, who attempts to escape government officials following an international conspiracy scandal.
 The cast features Robert Downey, Jr., Joe Pantoliano, Daniel Roebuck, Tom Wood, and LaTanya Richardson, several of whom portrayed Deputy Marshals in the previous film.
Swordfish is a 2001 American action crime thriller film directed by Dominic Sena and starring John Travolta, Hugh Jackman, Halle Berry, Don Cheadle and Vinnie Jones.
 The film centers on Stanley Jobson, an ex-con and computer hacker who is targeted for recruitment into a bank robbery conspiracy because of his formidable hacking skills.
 The film was a slight box office success but was negatively received by critics upon release.
Cellular is a 2004 American action crime thriller film directed by David R. Ellis and starring Kim Basinger, Chris Evans, Jason Statham and William H. Macy.
 The screenplay was written by Chris Morgan and Larry Cohen.
Incognito is a 1997 American crime thriller film directed by John Badham and starring Jason Patric and Irene Jacob.
 Written by Jordan Katz, the film is about a talented art forger who paints a fake Rembrandt despite pressure from his dying father who urges him to use his talent on his own original paintings.
 The film is notable for a sequence that reveals the specific details involved in forgery, including canvas aging, precise paints, and other deceptions.
S.W.A.T. is a 2003 American action crime thriller film directed by Clark Johnson, and is based on the 1975 television series of the same name.
 It stars Samuel L. Jackson, Colin Farrell, Michelle Rodriguez and LL Cool J.
 It was produced by Neal H. Moritz and released in the United States on August 8, 2003.
Takers (formerly known as Bone Deep) is a 2010 American action crime thriller film directed by John Luessenhop from a story and screenplay written by Luessenhop, Gabriel Casseus, Peter Allen, John Rogers, and Avery Duff.
 It features Matt Dillon, Paul Walker, Idris Elba, Jay Hernandez, Michael Ealy, T.I., Chris Brown, Hayden Christensen and Zoe Saldana.
 The film was released on August 27, 2010.
