Clarence Valley Regional Airport (IATA: GFN, ICAO: YGFN) is an airport located 7 NM southeast of Grafton, New South Wales, Australia.
 In addition 36 weekly services to Sydney operated by Regional Express, the airport is used by the Royal Flying Doctor Service and during summer months is often used as a base for aircraft engaged in aerial firefighting by the Rural Fire Service.
 In 2013, the Clarence Valley Council which operates the airport secured $2.12 million funding through loans and grants to upgrade the facilities at the airport.
Louisville International Airport (IATA: SDF, ICAO: KSDF, FAA LID: SDF) is a public and military use public airport centrally located in the city of Louisville in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
 The airport is situated on approximately 1500 acre and has three runways. Its IATA airport code, SDF, is based on the airport's former name, Standiford Field.
 Although it currently does not have regularly-scheduled international passenger flights, it is a port of entry, as it handles numerous international cargo flights.
Bowman Field (IATA: LOU, ICAO: KLOU, FAA LID: LOU) is a public airport five miles (8 km) southeast of downtown Louisville, in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
 The airport covers 426 acres (1.7 km²) and has two runways.
 The FAA calls it a reliever airport for nearby Louisville International Airport.
The Shenandoah Valley School District is a diminutive, rural public school district in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania.
 It serves the municipalities of Shenandoah, and West Mahanoy Township.
 The district encompasses approximately 11 sqmi in two noncontiguous areas.
 According to 2000 federal census data, it served a resident population of 11,790.
 By 2010, the district's population declined to 7,940 people.
 The educational attainment levels for the Shenandoah Valley School District population (25 years old and over) were 79.4% high school graduates and 10.3% college graduates.
 The district is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania.
Shenandoah Valley Music Festival is a series of live-concert performances that take place over July, August and September in Orkney Springs, Virginia.
 Dating back to 1963, the Festival has a long history of bringing quality music to the Shenandoah Valley.
 The Shenandoah Valley Music Festival began when a group of volunteers began sponsoring public symphony and chamber music concerts each summer.
 More recently, the Festival has expanded to include more eclectic acts from a variety of genres including bluegrass, soul, country, folk, rock, world and big band.
 In addition, the Festival announced their 2017 summer concert series, featuring Arlo Guthrie, The Piedmont Symphony Orchestra - "Sgt. Pepper and the Summer of Love" and Tinseltown, Pure Prairie League, Poco, The HillBenders, Seldom Scene, The Midtown Men, Emmylou Harris, and the Bluegrass Minifest.
Yampa Valley Regional Airport (IATA: KHDN, ICAO: HDN) is in Routt County, Colorado, two miles southeast of Hayden and about 25 mi west of Steamboat Springs.
 Also known as Yampa Valley Regional Airport, it has the only scheduled passenger flights to northwest Colorado.
 It is also used by larger business jets that cannot use the smaller Steamboat Springs Airport (Bob Adams Field).
Pensacola International Airport (IATA: PNS, ICAO: KPNS, FAA LID: PNS) , formerly Pensacola Gulf Coast Regional Airport and Pensacola Regional Airport (Hagler Field), is a public use airport three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Pensacola, in Escambia County, Florida, United States.
 It is owned by the City of Pensacola.
 Despite the name, this airport does not offer direct international flights.
 This airport is one of the five major airports in North Florida, others being: Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport, Destin-Fort Walton Beach Airport Tallahassee International Airport, and Jacksonville International Airport.
Shenandoah Valley Junior Senior High School is a small suburban, public junior senior high school located at 805 West Centre Street, Shenandoah In Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania.
 In 2015, enrollment was reported as 443 pupils in 7th through 12th grades, with 59% of pupils eligible for a free lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
 Additionally, 20% of pupils received special education services, while 4.5% of pupils were identified as gifted.
 The school employed 38 teachers according to US News and World Report's annual hIgh school ranking report.
 Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 12% of the teachers were rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
 This is the sole junior high or senior high school operated by the Shenandoah Valley School District.
Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport (IATA: SHD, ICAO: KSHD, FAA LID: SHD) is a public airport located 10 nautical miles (12 mi, 19 km) northeast of the central business district of Staunton, a city in Augusta County, Virginia, United States.
 It is mostly used for general aviation, but is also served by one commercial airline.
 Service is subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.
On September 23, 1985, Henson Airlines Flight 1517 crashed in Grottoes, Virginia, while on approach to the Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport.
 The two pilots and twelve passengers were killed.
