Hainan HNA Infrastructure Investment Group Co., Ltd. formerly Hainan Island Construction Co., Ltd. is a Chinese listed company based in Haikou.
 in mid-2016 the company acquired HNA Infrastructure Group () in a reverse IPO from intermediate parent company HNA Infrastructure Holding Group (), which HNA Infrastructure Group is the parent company of HNA Real Estate and HNA Airport Group (, in turn HNA Airport Group is the parent company of HNA Airport Holdings (Group) () and HNA Airport Holdings is the parent company of Sanya Phoenix International Airport Co., Ltd.); HNA Airport Group is the largest shareholder of Haikou Meilan International Airport (19.58% as at October 2016), which in turn the largest shareholder of Hong Kong listed company HNA Infrastructure.
 In December 2016 a proposed capital increase of the HK-listed company was announced.
 HNA Infrastructure Investment Group would purchase a minority share directly.
 Haikou Meilan International Airport was the second-largest shareholder of Hainan Airlines; Hainan Airlines, however, also owned a minority stake in Haikou Meilan International Airport.
Charlie the Tuna is the cartoon mascot and spokes-tuna for the StarKist brand.
 He was created in 1961 by Tom Rogers of the Leo Burnett Agency after StarKist hired Leo Burnett in 1958.
 StarKist Tuna is the name of a brand of tuna currently owned by Dongwon Industries, a South Korea-based conglomerate.
 StarKist itself is based in Pittsburgh, the home of its former parent company, H. J. Heinz Company, sharing its headquarters on the site of Three Rivers Stadium with another former parent company, Del Monte Foods' Pittsburgh headquarters.
Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited, or Jio, is an LTE mobile network operator in India.
 It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Reliance Industries headquartered in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra that provides wireless 4G LTE service network (without 2G/3G based services) and is the only 'VoLTE-only' (Voice over LTE) operator in the country which lacks legacy network support of 2G and 3G, with coverage across all 22 telecom circles in India.
A parent company guarantee (PCG) is a guarantee by a parent company of a contractor’s performance under its contract with its client, where the contractor is a subsidiary of the parent company.
Ta Ching Motor Co. (TCMC) was a Taiwanese automotive manufacturer between 1986 and 2002.
 Headquartered in Pingtung City, it was the official procuration dealer of the Japanese Subaru motor brand in Taiwan.
 Its main shareholders included Taiwan Vespa Co., Ltd, and the parent company of the Subaru brand, Fuji Heavy Industries.
 The annual production in the 1990s was 20,000 per year, but quickly scaled down to 1,713 in the year 2001.
 Fuji Heavy Industries tried to obtain the sales and production of Taiwan-made Subaru vehicles on their own, but failed to increase sales.
 The cooperation between TCMC and Fuji Heavy Industries ended in 2002 when Ta Ching Motor Co. went defunct.
Aspen Technology, Inc. -- known as AspenTech -- is a provider of software and services for the process industries headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts.
 AspenTech has 30 offices around the world, on 6 continents.
SM-Chile is a holding company for Banco de Chile.
 Until 1996, when its Board of Shareholders agreed to become an investment company with exclusive turn, governed by Law No. 19,396, changing its name to Bank of Parent Company Chile SA' Simultaneously, the parent company of Banco de Chile SA created a commercial bank under the name Banco de Chile and was transferred all its assets and liabilities, excluding subordinated obligation call with the Central Bank of Chile, obligation undertaken following the banking crisis of the years 1982 - 1984 and the consequent bailout carried out by the Central Bank.
 After this transformation, the sole shareholder of Banco de Chile was the parent company of Banco de Chile SA
Enterprise Holdings, Inc. is an American holding company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri.
 It is the parent company of car rental companies Enterprise Rent-A-Car, National Car Rental, Alamo Rent a Car, and Enterprise CarShare.
 The holding company was formed in 2009 as a result of Enterprise Rent-A-Car's 2007 acquisition of Vanguard Automotive Group, the parent company of National Car Rental and Alamo Rent a Car.
 Enterprise ranks as the largest car rental company in the United States.
 The company sells its used cars through Enterprise Car Sales.
 It is owned by the Taylor family
Life-Like was a manufacturer of model trains and accessories that began as a division of parent company Life-Like Products, a manufacturer of extruded foam ice chests and coolers.
 In 1960 the company purchased the assets of the defunct Varney Scale Models and began manufacturing model trains and accessories under the name Life-Like in 1970.
 In 2005 the parent company, known as Lifoam Industries, LLC, chose to concentrate on their core products and sold their model railroad operations to hobby distributor Wm. K. Walthers.
 Today, the Life-Like trademark is used by Walthers for its line of value-priced starter train sets.
Sterlite Industries (India) Ltd. is a subsidiary of Vedanta Resources plc, a diversified and integrated metals and mining group.
 The company is based in Mumbai, India.
 On 31 March 2013, the company's market capitalisation was INR 31,490 crores (US$ 5.79 billion).
<br>
