Jakuzi is a Turkish synthpop band, formed in Istanbul in 2015.
 The band consists of Kutay Soyacak and Taner Yücel, who formed the project to move away from their previous punk-oriented music projects.
 The duo rose prominence in Istanbul’s underground music scene.
 The band's debut album "Fantezi Müzik", originally released in 2016 through Domuz Records, is reissued on City Slang on 24 March 2017.
Christopher John Cheney (born 2 January 1975) is an Australian rock musician, record producer and studio owner.
 He is the founding mainstay guitarist, songwriter and lead vocalist of the psychobilly band, The Living End, which was formed in 1994 with school mate Scott Owen.
 Cheney wrote the group's top 20 hits on the ARIA Singles Chart: "Second Solution" / "Prisoner of Society" (1997), "All Torn Down" (1999), "Pictures in the Mirror" (2000), "Roll On" (2001), "One Said to the Other" (2003), "What's on Your Radio" (2005), "Wake Up" (2006) and "White Noise" (2008).
 In 2004 Cheney joined the super group The Wrights which put out a cover version of Stevie Wright's epic 11-minute track, "Evie" as a single.
 At the APRA Awards of 2009 Cheney won 'Song of the Year' for writing The Living End's track, "White Noise".
 In 2005 he married Emma, the couple have two daughters and are co-owners of a recording facility, Red Door Studios.
 In 2011 the Cheney family relocated to Los Angeles.
The Oppressed is a Welsh Oi!
 band that formed in 1981 in Cardiff, Wales, UK.
 Most of the musicians in the band's various lineups have been skinheads. Throughout the band's career, the members (especially vocalist Roddy Moreno) openly expressed opposition to racism and fascism — in their lyrics, interviews, on-stage comments and other actions.
 In 1989, Moreno visited New York City and met a few members of Skinheads Against Racial Prejudice (SHARP).
 On his return to the United Kingdom, he started promoting SHARP ideals to British skinheads.
 The band has also had ties to other anti-racist groups, such as Anti-Fascist Action.
 Moreno is a Cardiff City F.C. supporter, and some of the band's songs express that support.
Skating Polly is an American alternative rock band formed in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States, in 2009.
 The band was founded by multi-instrumentalist step-siblings Kelli Mayo (born March 29, 2000) and Peyton Bighorse (born July 11, 1995), who were just 9 and 14 years old when the band formed.
 The band is noted for its members alternating instruments, poetic lyrics, intense live shows, melodic arrangements and an eclectic array of songs that vary in style from riot grrrl to piano-based indie pop.
We Are The City is a Canadian progressive rock band based in Vancouver, British Columbia and formed in 2008 in Kelowna, British Columbia.
 The current band members include singer-keyboardist Cayne McKenzie, drummer Andrew Huculiak, and guitarist David Menzel.
 Their musical style is often referred to as prog rock.
 The name "We Are The City" is inspired by from the Bible, "“Ye are the light of the world.
 A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid.”"
 Georgia Straight, a British Columbia newspaper, described the group not necessarily as a Christian band, but as a band composed of Christians.
Casino is a rock/alternative band consisting of Adam Zindani (vocals/guitar), Sam Yapp (drums), Jo Crofts (guitar) and Jimi Crutchley (bass guitar).
 The band was originally formed as Casino in 2003 and changed its name to SpiderSimpson after signing to Polydor in 2006, before reverting to the original name in late 2008 to release its first album "The Spider Simpson Incident".
 The band has a strong and loyal cult following in its home city of Birmingham, England.
 The band was inactive after the departure of Deavall, who has formed a new band (The High Hurts), and with Zindani being more involved with the Stereophonics with little time left to work with Casino.
 Currently the band are back in business, they've signed a record deal and recently released an album on Spotify.
Pretty Girls Make Graves was a post-punk band, formed in Seattle in 2001, named after The Smiths song of the same name (which itself was named after a quote from Jack Kerouac's "The Dharma Bums").
 Andrea Zollo and Derek Fudesco had played together previously in The Hookers, as well as The Death Wish Kids and Area 51 along with Dann Gallucci, with whom Derek had formed Murder City Devils.
 Not long before the Murder City Devils disbanded, Derek and Andrea formed Pretty Girls Make Graves along with Jay, Nick and Nathan.
 They played the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in 2004.
Angel is an American heavy metal band from New York City, formed in 1989.
 The band was founded and guided by Criss Angel during the explosion of hair metal in the late '80s.
 The name of the present band was taken as "Angel" when the glam-rock band formed by Punky Meadows and Mickie Jones gradually dissolved after 1981 (with a brief resurgence in 1987), as its founding members drifted off to other projects.
 The present band disbanded when founder Criss Angel decided to go into the direction of industrial rock, and formed Angeldust (after which he pursued a career in magic and illusion).
Wild International is a tribal/experimental band from New York City, USA.
 Originally formed in 2009 in Long Island, the band is composed of Ryan Camenzuli, Bryan Daly, and Greg Coffey.
 The band bases its sound on drums, bass and guitar, but also creates tribal sounds by layering in percussion, vocal harmonies and other experimental noises.
 The band's first self-titled EP was released in 2009, while touring around Long Island.
 Since then, the band has based itself in New York City, playing shows all over the five boroughs.
 In 2010, the band took part in The Break Contest, and wound up playing at The Bamboozle festival of that year.
 In 2012, Wild International released its second album, titled "Lake Tones".
 The self-released album has received positive critical acclaim from such music websites and magazines as The Owl Mag, Bestnewbands.com, and The Deli Magazine.
The Cold was a new wave band that formed in New Orleans in 1979.
 The band was hugely popular in its home city and throughout the southeastern U.S. during its existence, but did not find national success.
 The members of The Cold were Barbara Menendez (vocals and keyboards), Vance DeGeneres (bass), Chris Luckette (drums), Kevin Radecker (guitar) and Bert Smith (guitar).
 Influenced by British punk bands as well as American act Blondie, the band released several independent singles between 1980 and 1982, then split up.
 They reunited in 1984 for an LP and new single release, and released another album in 1985.
 In 1997, a compilation of their early singles entitled "Three Chord City" was released.
 The band reunited for some live performances in 1999 and 2001.
 In 2005 a CD of outtakes from the band's original incarnation was released.
