Geobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of geobiology published by Wiley-Blackwell.
 It was established in 2003 as both a print and online journal, with five issues per year.
 In 2011, the journal became online-only, and increased publication to six times per year.
 The editor-in-chief is Kurt Konhauser (University of Alberta).
European Sociological Review is a bimonthly peer reviewed academic journal published by Oxford University Press focusing on all sociology fields.
 It is the official journal of European Consortium for Sociological Research.
 The Editor in Chief is Melinda Mills (University of Oxford).
 This journal's frequency was three times per year between 1985-1997; quarterly between 1998-2002; and five times per year 2003-2008.
E-gold was a digital gold currency operated by Gold & Silver Reserve Inc. (G&SR) under e-gold Ltd. that allowed users to open an account on their web site denominated in grams of gold (or other precious metals) and the ability to make instant transfers of value ("spends") to other e-gold accounts.
 The e-gold system was launched online in 1996 and had grown to five million accounts by 2009, when transfers were suspended due to legal issues.
 At its peak in 2006 e-gold was processing more than US$2 billion worth of spends per year, on a monetary base of only USD $71 million worth of gold (~3.5 metric tonnes), indicating a high monetary turnover (velocity) of about 28 times per year (for comparison, annual velocity of USD is about 6 for M1 and less than 1.6 for M2 ) .
 e-gold Ltd. was incorporated in Nevis, Saint Kitts and Nevis with operations conducted out of Florida, USA.
Behavioural Brain Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
 The journal publishes articles in the field of behavioural neuroscience.
 Volume 1 appeared in 1980 and issues appeared 6 times per year; as submissions increased it switched to a higher frequency and currently 20 issues per year are published.
Third World Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge.
 The journal was established in 1979.
 s of 2011 , the editor-in-chief is Shahid Qadir.
 It was published eight times per year until 2011, when publication increased to ten times per year.
 It eventually moved to publishing on a monthly schedule.
Virulence is a peer reviewed medical journal that covers microbiology and immunology specifically, microorganism pathogenicity, the infection process and host–pathogen interactions.
 It is published 8 times per year by Taylor & Francis.
 It was previously published 6 times per year by Landes Bioscience.
 The journal was established in 2010 by Eva M. Riedmann, and Eleftherios Mylonakis.
 The editor-in-chief is Eleftherios Mylonakis.
A sexless marriage is a marital union in which little or no sexual activity occurs between the two spouses.
 The US National Health and Social Life Survey in 1994 (Laumann et al. 1994) found that 2% of the married respondents reported no sexual intimacy in the past year.
 The definition of a non-sexual marriage is often broadened to include those where sexual intimacy occurs fewer than ten times per year, in which case 20 percent of the couples in the National Health and Social Life Survey would be in the category.
 "Newsweek" magazine estimates that 15 to 20 percent of couples are in a sexless relationship.
 Studies show that 10% or less of the married population below age 50 have not had sex in the past year.
 In addition less than 20% report having sex a few times per year, or even monthly, under the age 40.
The Princeton Alumni Weekly (PAW) is a magazine published for the alumni of Princeton University.
 It was founded in 1900 and, until 1977, it was the only weekly college alumni magazine in the United States.
 Upon changing to biweekly publication in 1977, the number of issues per year decreased from twenty-eight to twenty-one, and then later decreased to seventeen.
 It still remains the most frequently published alumni magazine in the world, currently publishing 14 times per year.
Space Science Reviews is a peer reviewed, scientific journal of space science.
 It was established in June 1962, and is published by Springer in English, Dutch, French, German, or Russian, with summaries in English.
 The journal is currently edited by Hans Bloemen.
 It was printed six times per year prior to 1985.
 It now publishes eight volumes of four issues per year.
Supply & Demand Chain Executive is a business technology magazine for supply chain executives at manufacturing and non-manufacturing companies and organizations, as well as public sector agencies, covering solutions and services for improving supply chain operations and efficiencies.
 The magazine is issued in print four times per year and in e-book form seven times per year.
 The magazine was founded in 2000 as "iSource Business"; the name change to "Supply & Demand Chain Executive" was implemented in 2003.
 The magazine is a part of AC Business Media.
 The headquarters is in Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin.
