King Edward VII Land or King Edward VII Peninsula is a large, ice-covered peninsula which forms the northwestern extremity of Marie Byrd Land in Antarctica.
 The peninsula projects into the Ross Sea between Sulzberger Bay and the northeast corner of the Ross Ice Shelf, and forms part of the Ross Dependency.
 Edward VII Peninsula is defined by the Ross Ice Shelf on the southwest, Okuma Bay on the west, and to the east by Sulzberger Bay and the Saunders Coast, all essentially on the Ross Sea / Southern Ocean in Antarctica.
 The northwest extremity of the peninsula is Cape Colbeck.
 Edward VII Peninsula is located at .
The Coronation of Edward VII (French: Le Sacre d'Édouard VII ), also released as Reproduction, Coronation Ceremonies, King Edward VII and as Coronation of King Edward, is a 1902 short silent film directed by Georges Méliès and produced by Charles Urban.
 The film is a staged simulation of the coronation of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra, produced in advance of the actual coronation for release on the same day.
HMS "Hibernia" was a "King Edward VII"-class pre-dreadnought battleship of Britain's Royal Navy.
 Like all ships of the class (apart from HMS "King Edward VII") she was named after an important part of the British Empire, namely Ireland.
 Commissioned in early 1907, she served as the flagship of the Rear Admirals of firstly the Atlantic Fleet and then the Channel Fleet.
 When the latter fleet was reorganised to the Home Fleet, she was based at the Nore.
Arthur Collins CB, MVO, Commander, Hohenzollern Order (26 June 1845 – 21 November 1911), was Equerry and Comptroller for Princess Louise, Queen Victoria's 4th daughter and Gentleman Usher in the households of Queen Victoria and King Edward VII.
 He attended Princess Louise in her role as the wife of John Campbell, 9th Duke of Argyll (at that time Marquis of Lorne), who was Governor General and Vice Regent of Canada between 1878 and 1883.
 Collins represented Princess Louise at the funerals of Lord Beaconsfield, Benjamin Disraeli, and William Ewart Gladstone, the two competing Prime Ministers during Queen Victoria's reign.
 Collins attended as a Gentleman Usher the coronation of King Edward VII and probably Victoria's funeral.
HMS "Commonwealth", was a "King Edward VII"-class battleship of the British Royal Navy.
 Like all ships of the class (apart from  ) she was named after an important part of the British Empire, namely the Commonwealth of Australia.
 After commissioning in 1905, she served with the Atlantic Fleet until she was involved in a collision with HMS "Albemarle" in early 1907.
 While being repaired, she was transferred into what would become known as the Home Fleet.
 Following a reorganisation of the fleet in 1912, she, along with her "King Edward VII"-class sister ships formed the 3rd Battle Squadron, which served in the Mediterranean.
The Edwardian era or Edwardian period of British history covers the brief reign of King Edward VII, 1901 to 1910, and is sometimes extended in both directions to capture long-term trends from the 1890s to the First World War.
 The death of Queen Victoria in January 1901 marked the end of the Victorian era.
 The new king Edward VII was already the leader of a fashionable elite that set a style influenced by the art and fashions of continental Europe.
 Samuel Hynes described the Edwardian era as a "leisurely time when women wore picture hats and did not vote, when the rich were not ashamed to live conspicuously, and the sun really never set on the British flag'".
D. Napier & Son Limited was a British engineering company best known for its luxury motor cars in the Edwardian era and for its aero engines throughout the early to mid-20th century.
King Edward VII Science and Sport College (formerly "King Edward VII Community College", and earlier "King Edward VII Grammar School") is a mixed upper school and sixth form located in Coalville in the English county of Leicestershire.
Sao Nang Tip Htila was a Shan Princess and sister of the 52nd Saopha (ruling prince) of the Shan state of Kengtung, and also of the 53rd Saopha, Kawng Kiao Intaleng.
 Along with Kawng Kiao Intaleng she attended the Delhi Durbar in 1903, in celebration of the coronation of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra.
 She was a shrewd and powerful businesswoman, involved in sales of elephants and motor cars, and later in teak extraction and road-building.
The Statue of Edward VII stands in Stanley Park, Bootle, Sefton, Merseyside, England.
 It was erected to commemorate the Coronation of King Edward VII and consists of a bronze statue of Edward VII on a granite pedestal.
 The sculptor was George Wade.
 The statue was given to the borough by the local Member of Parliament, and stands on land given to the borough by Lord Derby.
 It was unveiled by Lady Derby in 1904.
