B2K was an American R&B boy band that was active from 1998 to 2004.
 In 1998, the group was formed by American record producer Chris Stokes.
 They released their self-titled debut album on March 12, 2002.
 The album peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" 200 and #1 on the U.S. Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs albums chart.
"Breaking News" is a song performed by South Korean R&B boy group Shinee.
 It was included as a track in their second Japanese studio album "Boys Meet U", released on June 26, 2013.
 The song was also chosen as the lead promotional single from the album.
Under the Blue Moon is the fifth studio album by American R&B boy band New Edition by MCA on November 24, 1986.
 Their fourth album and third with MCA and first album after New Edition member Bobby Brown was voted out of the group, the group was going through a transitional phase during this period.
 It is their only album as a quartet.
 The album reached number 43 on the "Billboard" 200, and number 18 on the R&B albums chart.
 It was later certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Imajin is an American R&B boy band that is known for their hit "Shorty (You Keep Playing With My Mind)" featuring Keith Murray.
 The group also made a version of this song with (rapper) Mr. Cheeks of the rap group The Lost Boyz.
 This single peaked at number 25 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, number 20 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and number 22 in the UK Singles Chart in 1998.
 The band was originally put together by record producer Bert Price and inspired by past boy bands such as Jackson 5, New Edition, Hi-Five, Immature, and Mint Condition.
 Original credited band members included Jamal Hampton (who was later replaced by Tony Royster, Jr.), Talib Kareem, Olamide Faison, and John Fitch.
 Faison is the younger brother of Donald Faison of the television series "Scrubs".
 Imajin credited themselves to being a true boy band and are different because each member played an instrument.
 Jamal Hampton and Tony Royster played the drums, Talib Kareem the keyboard, and Olamide Faison played the guitar while John Fitch played the bass guitar.
 After the first album, the group split and John and Olamide made a duo called JizLams.
 During the hiatus, Talib continued to produce songs for various artists such as Solange Knowles.
 Jamal Hampton changed his name to J Star while pursuing a solo career.
 The group continues to produce and sing music together as "Imajin".
We Got It is the third album by R&B boy band Immature that was released on December 5, 1995.
 The album featured singles "We Got It" (which sampled Chocolate Milk's 1978 soul hit "Girl Callin'"), "Please Don't Go", "Lover's Groove" and "Feel the Funk" (which also appeared on the soundtrack for the film "Dangerous Minds").
The Journey is the fourth album by R&B boy band Immature, released on September 23, 1997 on MCA Records.
 It peaked at #92 on the "The Billboard 200" chart and at #20 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 This will be the last album under the name, Immature before moving to their fifth album in 1999 as IMx.
Omari Ishmael Grandberry (born November 12, 1984, known by his stage name Omarion) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, actor and dancer.
 He is best known as being the lead singer of the American R&B boy band B2K; the group achieved success with singles like "Bump, Bump, Bump", "Uh Huh", and "Girlfriend", which all reached success on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 After the group's disbandment, Omarion released his debut solo album, "O" (2005), which debuted atop the "Billboard" 200 and received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 48th Grammy Awards.
 His second solo album, "21" (2006), contained his second highest-charting single to date, "Ice Box", which reached the top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 His third solo album, "Ollusion" (2010), was released on January 12, 2010, with the lead single, "I Get It In".
 His fourth solo album, "Sex Playlist" (2014), spawned the single, "Post to Be", which was certified 3x platinum and reached number 13 on the Hot 100 chart in May 2015, and became his highest charting single to date.
De'Mario Monte Thornton (born June 13, 1985), known as Raz-B, is an American, singer and actor.
 who was a founding member of R&B boy band B2K.
"B Boy Baby" is a song written by Phil Spector, Ellie Greenwich, Jeff Barry Craig Klepto Tucker, Peter Celik and Angela Hunte.
 It features uncredited vocals by singer Amy Winehouse and was produced by Salaam Remi for Mutya Buena's debut album, "Real Girl", being released as the fourth and final single from the album.
Elliot Straite, also known by his pseudonym Dr. Freeze, is a singer, songwriter and record producer.
 His songs are mostly in new jack swing style.
 He has, for example, written and produced the hit song "I Wanna Sex You Up" by R&B boy band Color Me Badd and co-written and co-produced "Break of Dawn" for Michael Jackson's #1 album "Invincible".
