Doris Cole Abrahams (January 29, 1921 – February 17, 2009) was a theater producer who won two Tony Awards for Peter Shaffer's play "Equus" and Tom Stoppard's "Travesties".
Equus is a play by Peter Shaffer written in 1973, telling the story of a psychiatrist who attempts to treat a young man who has a pathological religious fascination with horses.
Lettice and Lovage is a comedic and satire play by Peter Shaffer.
 It is centered around a flamboyant tour guide who loves to embellish the history behind an English country house butts heads with a fact-conscious official at the house.
 The play was written specifically for Maggie Smith, who originated the title role of Lettice Douffet in both the English and American runs of the production.
 The role of Lotte Schoen was played by Margaret Tyzack.
Amadeus is a 1979 stage play by Peter Shaffer.
Amadeus is a play by Peter Shaffer, which gives a highly fictionalized account of the lives of the composers Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Antonio Salieri.
 First performed in 1979, "Amadeus" was inspired by a short 1830 play by Alexander Pushkin called "Mozart and Salieri" (which was also used as the libretto for an opera of the same name by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov in 1897).
The Royal Hunt of the Sun is a 1969 British-American epic historical Drama film based on the play of the same name by Peter Shaffer.
 It stars Robert Shaw as Francisco Pizarro and Christopher Plummer as the Inca leader Atahualpa.
 Plummer appeared in stage versions of the play before appearing in the film, which was shot in Latin America and Spain.
 The film and play are based on the Spanish conquest of Peru by Pizarro in 1530.
Withered Murder is the second of the collaborations of Anthony Shaffer and Peter Shaffer under the pseudonym Peter Anthony.
 It was first printed by Gollancz in London in 1955 and then reprinted a year later in New York by Macmillan as part of their 'Cock Robin Mystery' series of books.
The Pad and How to Use It is a 1966 comedy film directed by Brian G. Hutton.
 It was based on a one-act play by Peter Shaffer.
David Hersey (born November 30, 1939) is a lighting designer who has designed the lighting for over 250 plays, musicals, operas, and ballets.
 His work has been seen in most corners of the globe and his awards include the Tony Award for Best Lighting Design for "Evita", "Cats", and "Les Misérables", the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lighting Design for "Cats", "Miss Saigon", and "Equus", and the 1996 Laurence Olivier Award for Lighting Design.
Equus is a 1977 British-U.S. drama film directed by Sidney Lumet and written by Peter Shaffer, based on his play of the same name.
 The film stars Richard Burton, Peter Firth, Colin Blakely, Joan Plowright, Eileen Atkins, and Jenny Agutter.
 The story concerns a psychiatrist treating a teenager who has blinded horses in a stable, attempting to find the root of his horse worship.
