The Point ("Independent Radio, The Point") is a radio network operating in the state of Vermont.
 The station first signed on as a single frequency local Montpelier station (WNCS) in 1977.
 It was started by Jeb Spaulding who is the current Chancellor of the Vermont State Colleges and former State Treasurer of Vermont and Secretary of Administration under Vermont Governor Peter Shumlin.
 Although at that time there was no designated Adult Album Alternative format, The Point's programming format has been solidly Adult Album Alternative/Progressive for its entire history.
Deborah "Deb" Markowitz is a Visiting Professor of Environmental Policy and Leadership at the University of Vermont Rubenstein School of Environment and Natural Resources.
 She served from 2011-2017 as the Secretary of the Vermont Agency of Natural Resources.
 She was appointed by Vermont Governor Peter Shumlin.
 Prior to this, Markowitz was elected six times to serve as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
 Although she is a member of the Democratic Party, she won the nomination of both the Republican and Democratic Parties in two of her races.
Beth Robinson (born March 6, 1965) is an American lawyer and judge from Vermont who serves on the Vermont Supreme Court.
 Her nomination, made by Governor Peter Shumlin in October 2011, was confirmed by a unanimous vote of the Vermont Senate on February 7, 2012.
Matthew A. Trieber, known as Matt Trieber, is an American politician from Bellows Falls, Vermont.
 A member of the Democratic Party, he is also a member of the Vermont House of Representatives, representing the Windham-3 district.
 He was appointed to the legislature by Governor Peter Shumlin in January 2011.
The 2014 Vermont gubernatorial election took place on November 4, 2014, to elect the Governor of Vermont, concurrently with elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
 Incumbent Democratic Governor Peter Shumlin ran for re-election to a third term in office against Republican businessman Scott Milne, Libertarian businessman Dan Feliciano and several other minor party and independent candidates.
The 2012 Vermont gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 2012, to elect the Governor of Vermont.
 Incumbent governor Peter Shumlin was successful in his re-election bid.
Peter Elliott Shumlin (born March 24, 1956) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who was the 81st governor of Vermont from 2011 to 2017.
 First elected governor in 2010, he was re-elected to a second term in 2012.
 In 2014 he received a narrow plurality in his race for re-election, but did not attain the 50% threshold mandated by the Vermont Constitution.
 In such cases the Vermont General Assembly elects the winner.
 The legislature almost always selects the candidate who received a plurality; this held true, and the General Assembly re-elected Shumlin to a third term by a vote of 110–69 in January 2015.
 In June 2015, Shumlin announced that he would not seek re-election in 2016.
 He has signed laws on physician-assisted suicide as well as the United States' first genetically modified food labeling requirement during his tenure as governor.
 He was chair of the Democratic Governors Association during his first two terms.
Brookfield is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.
 It was created by Vermont charter on August 5, 1781.
 The population was 1,292 at the 2010 census.
 Brookfield is best known for its floating bridge which spans Sunset Lake buoyed by pontoons.
 The bridge, which is the only floating bridge east of the Mississippi River, was originally built in 1820 by Luther Adams and his neighbors.
 Sunset Lake is also the site of an annual ice harvesting festival.
 Brookfield boasts that it has Vermont's oldest continually operating library dating back to 1791.
 In 2006, Brookfield was one of the first American towns to have its citizens pass a resolution endorsing the impeachment of President George W. Bush.
 As of September 2010, the floating bridge was closed for repairs.
 Work began in 2014, and was completed May 2015.
 There was a celebration from May 23 – May 24, 2015, to memorialize the event.
 Governor Peter Shumlin attended, and cadets from Norwich University provided traffic control.
Helen Riehle is an American politician from the state of Vermont who served as a U.S. Republican Party member of the Vermont Senate, representing all of Chittenden County except for the town of Colchester.
 She is chair of the South Burlington City Council and resides in that city.
 Having previously served in both the State House and Senate, she was appointed by Governor Peter Shumlin in March 2016 to succeed Diane Snelling, who had earlier resigned.
George B. "Jeb" Spaulding (born December 28, 1952 in Manchester, Massachusetts) is the current chancellor of the Vermont State Colleges.
 He previously served as Vermont State Treasurer and as Governor Peter Shumlin's secretary of administration.
