Marijus Adomaitis (born 19 January 1983), better known by his stage names Ten Walls or Mario Basanov, is a Lithuanian producer who is best known for his 2014 single "Walking with Elephants", which peaked at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart.
The "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs chart is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles in that category in the United States.
 The first number-one song of the year was by Swedish House Mafia and English rapper Tinie Tempah, with their collaboration "Miami 2 Ibiza".
 American singer-songwriter Katy Perry achieved three number-one songs on the chart, which included "Firework", "E.T. and "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)".
 "E.T." ranked at number one on the 2011 Hot Dance Club Songs year end chart.
 Australian singer-songwriter Kylie Minogue also topped the chart three times, with the songs "Better than Today", "Higher", a collaboration with Taio Cruz and Travie McCoy, and "Put Your Hands Up (If You Feel Love)".
 American singer Britney Spears topped the chart three times with "Hold It Against Me", "Till the World Ends" and " I Wanna Go", from her seventh album "Femme Fatale" .
 Beyoncé and Jennifer Lopez also achieved three number one songs on the chart each, the former with "Run The World (Girls)", "Best Thing I Never Had", and "Countdown", and the latter with "On The Floor", "I'm Into You", and "Papi".
 The American band Selena Gomez & The Scene also achieved three number one songs on the chart each with "A Year Without Rain", "Who Says" and "Love You Like A Love Song".
"Do You Realize??"
 is a song by The Flaming Lips, released as the first single from their 2002 album "Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots".
 It is widely considered to be one of the group's most accessible and popular songs.
 It reached #32 in the UK Singles Chart and was adopted as the Official Rock Song of Oklahoma from 2009 to April 2013.
 The song was ranked #31 on Rolling Stone's "100 Best Songs of the 2000s".
 It is also the band's most popular song played live, and has rarely been excluded from set lists since its inception into their live shows in 2002.
 Wayne Coyne also considers it to be the best song they've ever written.
1000 Song Challenge (), also known as Challenge 1000 Songs, is a South Korean karaoke singing competition television series, which aired on SBS from 2000 to 2014.
 During the show, guests compete by singing popular songs accurately from memory.
 The songs are chosen randomly from a pool of 1000 songs.
 Unlike normal karaoke, the lyrics are not shown, so it is easier to make mistakes.
 The contestants with the highest scores proceed to the next round.
 In one segment of the show, "Run Karaoke", contestants race to the microphone and whoever gets there first gets to sing a song and gain points.
 In another segment, the contestants hear the beginning of a song, and the first one to correctly name the song gains points.
 The winner of the final round receives household items as prizes, such a humidifier or espresso machine.
 Many popular celebrities were invited to the show, including BoA, Shinhwa and Girls' Generation.
"I Hate Everything About You" is the debut single by Canadian rock band Three Days Grace, from their debut self-titled album.
 The song peaked at number 55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, number 4 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 2 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.
 It was the 111th Best performing song of the decade on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, and the 130th best performing song of the decade on the Rock Songs Charts.
 Despite not being one of their number one hits on any of the 2 charts, it's the band's longest running song on the Modern Rock chart at 45 weeks, and it also stayed 46 weeks on the Mainstream Rock chart.
 "I Hate Everything About You" is one of the band's most successful and most popular songs and is the band's most viewed music video on YouTube with over 156 million views as of May 2017.
"Walking with Elephants" is a song by Lithuanian producer Ten Walls.
 It was released as a digital download on 13 April 2014 by German record label BOSO and on 28 April 2014 in the United Kingdom.
 The song has peaked to number 6 on the UK Singles Chart, the song has also charted in Belgium.
 It was one of the most popular songs in Ibiza 2014.
American singer Selena released twenty-seven official singles, seven promotional singles, and made five guest vocalist appearances.
 Her career began as the lead vocalist of Los Dinos in 1980.
 Her albums with Los Dinos on indie labels failed to achieve any chart success.
 In 1987, her cover of Ritchie Valens' "La Bamba" peaked at number 19 on the United States "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart, her first entry.
 She signed with EMI Latin nine years later as a solo artist though her band continued to tour with her.
 Selena appeared on "Buenos Amigos" with Salvadoran singer Álvaro Torres.
 The track peaked at number one on the U.S. Hot Latin Songs chart in 1991, the singer's first number one song.
 Subsequent singles, "Baila Esta Cumbia" and "Como la Flor", became popular songs on Mexican radio, with "Como la Flor" launching the singer's career in that country.
 "Como la Flor" peaked at number six on the Hot Latin Songs chart, despite popular culture claims that it was the singer's first number one single.
 The track has charted on the U.S. Regional Mexican Digital Songs list since its inception in 2010 and remains the singer's signature number and most popular recording.
Daasebre Gyamenah (Akan: "Daasebrε Gyamena"), was a Ghanaian highlife musician who became very popular for his hit Album "Kokooko (1999)" which featured Lord Kenya.
 "Kokooko" was the first major fusion of hiplife and highlife in Ghana.
 He released an Album in the late 80s with no success.
 After spending time in various African states he returned to Ghana in 1992 only to make music 7 years later.
 Kokooko made him and Lord Kenya,who was featured on a song,gain huge success in Ghana and also among Ghanaians abroad.
 Many successful albums followed thus earning him one of his many nicknames "Hitman".
"Wo da enda","Ahoofe","Still I love you" are a few of his popular songs.
 Among youths and old, he is popular and beloved.
 Daasebre's songs are mostly mid tempo and include many hip hop elements.
 He featured many hip life artists like none of his genre colleagues.
 A major element of his songs is the Akan way of storytelling by use of proverbs.
 His proverbs stood out from others due to his upbringing through his Grandmother.
 These proverbs mostly summed up the message of his songs.
 In an interview he claimed to have experienced some of the stories in his songs with the exception of the love songs.
"Working Day and Night" is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson.
 It is the third track from his fifth studio album, "Off the Wall" in 1979.
 The song was written and produced by Jackson.
 Despite not being released as a single, it has been played often on the radio and in films, becoming one of Jackson's most popular songs.
 Jackson also performed the song live.
 It is also featured on the video game, "".
 The song had been sampled by several artists.
 It was remixed and released on the remix/soundtrack album, "Immortal" in 2011.
 In 2014, producer Timbaland, sampled percussion and breaths from the song and sampled them in the duet version of "Love Never Felt So Good" (with Justin Timberlake); the duet was released as a single from "Xscape".
Alfred Matthew "Weird Al" Yankovic ( ; born October 23, 1959) is an American singer, songwriter, parodist, record producer, satirist, actor, voice actor, music video director, film producer, and author.
 He is known for his humorous songs that make light of popular culture and often parody specific songs by contemporary musical acts, original songs that are style pastiches of the work of other acts, and polka medleys of several popular songs, featuring his favored instrument, the accordion.
