"Takes a Little Time" was a maxi-single released in 1997 (see 1997 in music) to promote Amy Grant's album "Behind the Eyes", which was also released that year.
 "Takes a Little Time" included two songs from "Behind the Eyes", as well as a new version of Grant's 1982 Christian radio hit, "El Shaddai".
 The maxi-single was also an enhanced CD (ECD), meaning it had a video that consumers could watch when they put it in their home computer.
 The ECD portion of the CD contained a live acoustic version of the song After the Fire, which Grant later released on her 2003 album "Simple Things"; Grant stated on Oprah that she had written the song for her mother.
The Beautiful South was an English pop/rock group formed in 1988 by two former members of the Hull group the Housemartins—Paul Heaton and Dave Hemingway—both of whom performed lead and backing vocals.
 Other members throughout the band's tenure were former Housemartins roadie Sean Welch (bass), Dave Stead (drums) and Dave Rotheray (guitar).
 After the band's first album (recorded as a quintet), they were joined by a succession of female vocalists, all of whom performed lead and backing vocals alongside Heaton and Hemingway – Briana Corrigan for albums two and three after appearing as a guest vocalist on one, followed by Jacqui Abbott for the fourth through seventh albums, and finally Alison Wheeler for the final three Beautiful South albums.
Burn Your Playhouse Down – The Unreleased Duets is the 60th and final studio album by American country music singer George Jones released on August 19, 2008 on the Bandit Records label.
 It features duets never before released, including some that were cut from his 1994 duets album "The Bradley Barn Sessions".
 The only new recording in the collection is "You And Me And Time", a song Jones recorded with his daughter by Tammy Wynette, Georgette.
 A music video accompanied the song.
 The album features several duets with artist from outside the country music pantheon, including Mark Knopfler, Leon Russell, and Keith Richards.
 The album peaked at number 15 on the Billboard country albums chart.
 Of the album's title track, Andrew Meuller of "Uncut" opined in July 2013, "The segue from Richards trying to sing like Jones to Jones actually singing like Jones is hilarious."
This was among the first songs credited to Jean Frankfurter and John Moering, which would go on to write all of the group's future material.
 It was also the first song to feature the newest member of Arabesque, 19 year-old, Heike Rimbeau on lead vocals.
 Michaela and Karen provide backing vocals.
 The song expresses the singer's regret of not being able to be with her lover for "seven lonely days" until Friday night, during which they drink wine, kiss, and make love.
 It was written during a time when the group's members had very little time to spend with their families and significant others.
 It was a huge hit in Japan, reaching #9 on the charts.
Hugh Whitaker (born 18 May 1961) is an English musician and the former drummer for the British indie rock band The Housemartins.
 He replaced original drummer Chris Lang and drummed for the band's first album, "London 0 Hull 4", and its attendant single releases.
 He left the band before the recording of their second album, "The People Who Grinned Themselves to Death".
 Whitaker left the band on amicable terms and even participated in the promotional video for the band's first single without him, "Five Get Over Excited", wherein he was kidnapped by his replacement, Dave Hemingway, and locked in a hessian sack.
"A Little Time" is a song by The Beautiful South, and is the band's only single to reach number 1 in the UK Singles Chart.
 It consists of a duet featuring vocalists Dave Hemingway and Briana Corrigan.
So Little Time is an American sitcom starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen in their second television series since the short-lived "Two of a Kind" ended in 1999.
 It aired on Fox Family: the first half of the series aired from June 2, 2001, to August 15, 2001, and the series then went on a four-month hiatus owing to network management changes.
 By December 2001, Fox Family had become ABC Family, and the remaining episodes aired until May 4, 2002.
 "So Little Time" reruns briefly aired on Nickelodeon in 2015.
Just a Little Time is an album by Lynsey de Paul.
 It was originally released in 30 September 1994 on the Music Deluxe (catalogue number MSCD9) label but has since been released on the Tring International PLC label (catalogue number JHD128) and on Arc Records/The Magic Collection (Catalogue number MEC 949080).
 All of the songs on the album are written or co-written by de Paul.
 The songs "Sugar Me", Getting a Drag", "Storm in a Teacup and "Dancing on a Saturday Night" are radical re-recordings of her earlier hits performed in an updated and uptempo fashion.
 "Won't Somebody Dance with Me" is still performed as a ballad, but has been updated and extended with an extra refrain.
 Never before released songs on the album include the ballads "Words Don't Mean A Thing" and title track "Just a Little Time" as well as the more uptempo "Instant Love" and "Now & Then".
Dave Hemingway (born David Robert Hemingway, 20 September 1960) is an English musician and songwriter, and was a vocalist for the Hull-based band The Beautiful South until they disbanded in 2007.
 Previously he had been a member of The Housemartins.
"Takes a Little Time" is a 1985 dance hit by British, techno-soul, duo, Total Contrast.
 Their debut American release went to number one on the U.S. dance chart for one week.
 "Takes a Little Time" did not make the Hot 100 but, peaked at number eighty on the R&B singles chart.
