Ali Eren Balıkel was born on 27 July 1979, in Adana and grew up in the ancient Kilikya region of Turkey.
 As the fourth child of a civil servant father and a housewife, Ali Eren moved to Mersin with his family due to the business of his father.
 He completed his primary, secondary and high school education in Mersin.
 Eren applied to London School of Commerce’s (LSC) business management department where he attended “Introduction to Business Management” courses for one year, and completed his education at University of Wales Institute of Cardiff (UWIC)in a co-operated program.
 Eren’s Master’s thesis, titled “How to Establish a Strong & Innovative Mediterranean Cuisine Restaurant in London”, was deemed worthy of honor award by the University of Gloucestershire and attained a place among the most valuable thesis studies in university’s library.
 He started a restaurant, Kilikya’s Cafe Bar Restaurant.
 Kilikya’s restaurant hosted a number of famous figures including singer Cem Adrian, politician Abdüllatif Şener, former Sports and Youth Minister of Turkey Suat Kılıç, Oscar award-winning actress Helen Mirren, American actor Robert De Niro and Turkish actress Asuman Dabak as well as the Prime Minister of Kuwait.
 Eren also attended the Master of Politics Postgraduate program of Queen Mary University and completed his studies there too.
 During his study, he worked as a consultant for former Labour party member of Parliament, Jim Fitzpatrick.
 Eren is enrolled in a Doctor of Business Administration program in Britain and a Doctor of Politics program in Switzerland concurrently.
The Jewish Cemetery on the Mount of Olives, including the Silwan necropolis, is the most ancient and most important cemetery in Jerusalem.
 Burial on the Mount of Olives started some 3,000 years ago in the First Temple Period, and continues to this day.
 The cemetery contains about 70,000 tombs from various periods, including the tombs of famous figures in Jewish history.
The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test is a nonfiction book by Tom Wolfe that was published in 1968.
 The book is remembered today as an early – and arguably the most popular – example of the growing literary style called New Journalism.
 Wolfe presents an as-if-firsthand account of the experiences of Ken Kesey and his band of Merry Pranksters, who traveled across the country in a colorfully painted school bus named "Further".
 Kesey and the Pranksters became famous for their use of LSD and other psychedelic drugs in hopes of achieving intersubjectivity.
 The book chronicles the Acid Tests (parties in which LSD-laced Kool-Aid was used to obtain a communal trip), the group's encounters with (in)famous figures of the time, including famous authors, Hells Angels, and The Grateful Dead, and it also describes Kesey's exile to Mexico and his arrests.
Here's the Thing is a public radio show and podcast interview series hosted by actor Alec Baldwin.
 On October 24, 2011, New York City's WNYC released the first episode of Baldwin's podcast, a series of interviews with public figures including artists, policy makers and performers.
 "Here's the Thing" was developed for Baldwin by Lu Olkowski, Trey Kay, Kathy Russo and Emily Botein.
index Magazine was a prominent New York City based publication with in-depth interviews with prominent figures in art and culture.
 It was created by Peter Halley and Bob Nickas in 1996, running until late 2005.
 Covering the burgeoning Indie culture of the 1990s, index regularly employed such rising photographers as Juergen Teller, Terry Richardson, Wolfgang Tillmans, and Ryan McGinley, and featured interviews with figures including Björk, Brian Eno, Marc Jacobs, and Scarlett Johansson, mixing new talents and established names in music, film, architecture, fashion, art, and politics.
 In addition to famous personalities, the publication also featured a mix of interviews with not so-famous New York personalities such as Queen Itchie or Ducky Doolittle.
The Heroes' Acre (Afrikaans: "Die Heldeakker" ; Dutch: "De Heldenakker" ) is a section of Church Street Cemetery in Pretoria, South Africa.
 It was established in 1867, and contains the graves of renowned citizens and public figures.
 It is the burial place of a number of historical figures including Andries Pretorius, Paul Kruger and Hendrik Verwoerd.
 Australian Boer War anti-hero Breaker Morant (executed by the British for war crimes during the Second Anglo-Boer War) is also buried here.
"Matthew, Mark, Luke and John", also known as the "Black Paternoster", is an English language prayer and nursery rhyme traditionally said by children as they go to bed.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 1704.
 It may have origins in ancient Babylonian prayers and was being used in a Christian version in late Medieval Germany.
 The earliest extant version in English can be traced to the mid-sixteenth century.
 It was mentioned by English Protestant writers as a "popish" or magical charm.
 It is related to other prayers, including a "Green" and "White Paternoster", which can be traced to late Medieval England and with which it is often confused.
 It has been the inspiration for a number of literary works by figures including Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and musical works by figures such as Gustav Holst.
 It has been the subject of alternative versions and satires.
Matthew Stadlen (born 7 December 1979) is an English radio and television presenter, producer and writer.
 He has presented weekend early mornings on LBC since the start of October, 2016.
 He previously presented the BBC interview series "Five Minutes With...", putting questions to the likes of Elle Macpherson, Stephen Fry, Richard Dawkins, Martin Amis, Peter Hitchens, Serena Williams and Ricky Gervais and the BBC documentary series "On The Road With..." His interviews and documentaries have appeared on the BBC News Channel, BBC One, BBC Two and BBC Four.
 He also wrote comment pieces and had an interview column with The Telegraph - "The Matthew Stadlen Interview" - for which he interviewed famous figures including John Cleese, Sir David Attenborough and Dawn French.
A 900 series refers to three consecutive perfect games bowled by an individual bowler.
 A 300 is a perfect score in one game, thus a player's score would be 900 in a series of three consecutive games (the typical number of games in a single league session).
 To achieve the feat, a bowler would have to bowl 36 consecutive strikes.
 To date, 29 individuals have bowled a total of 30 certified 900 series (that is, 900s that have been officially recognized by the United States Bowling Congress, the sport's national governing body in the United States).
The Alienist is a crime novel by Caleb Carr first published in 1994 and is the first book in the Kreizler series.
 It takes place in New York City in 1896, and includes appearances by many famous figures of New York society in that era, including Theodore Roosevelt and J. P. Morgan.
 The sequel to the novel is "The Angel of Darkness".
 The story follows Roosevelt, then New York City police commissioner, and Dr. Laszlo Kreizler, as their investigative team attempts to solve gruesome murders through new methods including fingerprinting and psychology.
 The first murder victim investigated is a 13-year-old immigrant who has had his eyes removed, his genitals removed and stuffed in his mouth, and other injuries.
 The investigators deal with various interest groups that wish to maintain the status quo regarding the poor immigrant population in New York City.
