Andrei Yurievich Khrzhanovsky (Russian: Андрей Юрьевич Хржано́вский ; born 30 November 1939 in Moscow) is a Russian animator, documaker, writer and producer.
 He is the father of director Ilya Khrzhanovsky.
 People's Artist of Russia (2011).
Sunil Rawal (born 23 May 1983) is a film producer and actor active in the Nepali film industry.
 He has been involved in the film industry since 2012.
 His first movie as a producer and actor was "Saayad", produced under the banner of Durgish Films Pvt. Ltd. and directed by Suraj Subba.
 He is Managing Director of Durgish Films Pvt. Ltd.
 Since his involvement in the industry, he has been the center point of attraction to both filmmaker and audience.
 His First movie Saayad in 2011 was the trend breaker.
 Rawal collected numerous award from that movie.
 Being a Member of Nepal Film Producer Association, He was awarded by Nepal Film Producer Association for the best product, Saayad.
 Then his dedication of filmmaking reached to another level, which helped him to produce another blockbuster movie HOSTEL, 2012, which was the heart of youth nepali audience.
 Hostel too got numbers of award including national award.
 After grand success of Hostel, Rawal came with another blockbuster movie Hostel Returns, Sequel of Hostel in 2015.
 Till the date Rawal is only the producer in Nepali Film Industry with No flops.
 Rawal is inspiration and role model to many youth who is willing to make their career in Nepali Film Industry.
 Sequel of his first Film Saayad, Saayad 2 is set to release on 14 July 2017.
 Beside Filmmaking, Rawal is busy on serving the society, in his initiation, library was established in Nirankari Aadarsha Bidhya Mandir, Kailali.
 He was one of the active filmmaker to serve earthquake victims in different part of Nepal.
 He has great contribution to flood victims of eastern and western Nepal.
 Getting Back to film Industry, His upcoming Projects, Laaure and Woolen Marry is running smoothly on Pre-production.
Dau is a Russian film directed by Ilya Khrzhanovsky.
 The film deals with the life of the Nobel Prize winning Soviet scientist Lev Landau.
 The movie is one of Russia's largest and most controversial cinematic projects.
Tulu cinema is a part of Indian cinema.
 The Tulu film industry is also called Coastalwood.
 It produces 5 to 7 films annually.
 The first Tulu film was "Enna Thangadi" released in 1971.
 Usually, earlier, these films were released in theatres across the Tulu Nadu region.
 But currently the Tulu film industry has grown to the level where films are being released simultaneously in Mangalore, Udupi and Mumbai, Bangalore and Gulf countries.
 The critically acclaimed Tulu film "Suddha" won the award for the best Indian Film at the Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema held in New Delhi in 2006.
 In 2011, the Tulu film Industry got second life with the release of the film "Oriyardori Asal".
 The film turned out to be the biggest hit in Tulu film history to date. "
Chaali Polilu" is the longest running film in Tulu film industry.
 This movie is the highest grossing film in the Tulu film industry.
 It has successfully completed 470 days at PVR Cinemas in Mangalore.
The history of cinema in Quebec started on June 27, 1896 when the Frenchman Louis Minier inaugurated the first movie projection in North America in a Montreal theatre room.
 However, it would have to wait until the 1960s before a genuine Quebec cinema industry would emerge.
 Approximately 620 feature-length films have been produced, or partially produced by the Quebec film industry since 1943.
The cinema of Russia began in the Russian Empire, widely developed in the Soviet Union and in the years following its dissolution, the Russian film industry would remain internationally recognized.
 In the 21st century, Russian cinema has become popular internationally with hits such as "House of Fools", "Night Watch", and the popular "Brother".
 The Moscow International Film Festival began in Moscow in 1935.
 The Nika Award is the main annual national film award in Russia.
4 is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by Ilya Khrzhanovsky after a screenplay by Vladimir Sorokin.
 Originally it was conceived as a short film, but turned into a full-length film after four years of work.
Rory Mallinson (October 27, 1913 – March 26, 1976) was an American actor of film and television.
 Born on October 27, 1913 in Atlanta, Georgia, Mallinson would begin his acting career after signing a contract with Warner Brothers in 1945.
 That year he would have a small role in the film, "Pride of the Marines", starring John Garfield and Eleanor Powell.
 Mallinson would continue making films through the 1940s, and throughout the 1950s, appearing in over 90 films during this period.
 Notable films in which he would perform include: a featured role in the 1947 film noir "Dark Passage", starring Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall; "Mighty Joe Young" (1949); the Abbott and Costello vehicle, "Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man" (1951); the 1952 western, "Springfield Rifle", starring Gary Cooper; and Howard Hawks' 1952 film, "The Big Sky", which stars Kirk Douglas, Dewey Martin, and Elizabeth Threatt.
 In the early 1950s, he also had a featured role in the film serial, "Blackhawk".
 His final performance in the film industry would be in the western, "Westbound" (1959), starring Randolph Scott and Virginia Mayo.
 During the 1960s, his career diminished, and he would only make a handful of guest appearances on several television series during the decade, including performances on "Cheyenne" and "Mannix".
 Mallinson died on March 26, 1976 in Los Angeles, California.
The Cinema of Pakistan or Pakistani cinema (Urdu: ‎ ) refers to the filmmaking industry in Pakistan.
 Pakistan is home to several film studios centres, primarily located in its two largest cities - Karachi and Lahore.
 Pakistani cinema has played an important part in Pakistani culture, and in recent years has begun flourishing again after years of decline, delivering entertainment to audiences in Pakistan and expatriates abroad.
 Several film industries are based in Pakistan, which tend to be regional and niche in nature.
 Over 10,000 Urdu feature-films have been produced in Pakistan since 1948, as well as over 8000 Punjabi, 6000 Pashto and 2000 Sindhi feature-length films.
 The first film ever produced was "Husn Ka Daku" in 1930, directed by Abdur Rashid Kardar in Lahore.
 The first Pakistani-film produced was "Teri Yaad", directed by Daud Chand in 1948.
 Between 1947 and 2007, Pakistani cinema was based in Lahore, home to the nation's largest film industry (nicknamed Lollywood).
 Pakistani films during this period attracted large audiences and had a strong cult following, was part of the cultural mainstream, widely available and imitated by the masses.
 During the early 1970s, Pakistan was the world's fourth largest producer of feature films.
 However, between 1977 and 2007, the film industry of Pakistan went into decline due to Islamization, strengthening of censorship laws and an overall lack of quality.
 Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, the film industry went through several periods of ups and downs, a reflection of its dependency on state funding and incentives.
 By 2000, the film industry in Lahore had collapsed and saw a gradual shift of Pakistani actors, actresses, producers and filmmakers from Lahore to Karachi.
 By 2007, the wounds of Pakistan's collapsed film industry began to heal and Karachi had cemented itself as the centre of Pakistani cinema.
 Quality and new technology led to an explosion of alternative form of Pakistani cinema.
 The shift has been seen by many as the leading cause for the "resurgence of Pakistani cinema".
 Despite the industry crisis starting in the mid-1980s, Pakistani films have retained much of its distinctive identity.
 Since the shift to Karachi, Pakistani films have once again began attracting a strong cult following.
Ilya Andreevich Khrzhanovsky (Russian: Илья́ Андре́евич Хржановский ; born August 11, 1975 in Moscow, Soviet Union) is a Russian film director.
 He is the son of Andrei Khrzhanovsky (b. 1939), one of the top Russian animation directors, and the grandson of the artist and actor (1905—1987).
