Brian Welch (born January 18, 1984) is an American former ski jumper who competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Korn is a nu metal band from Bakersfield, California, formed in 1993 by James Shaffer, Reginald Arvizu, David Silveria, Brian Welch, and Jonathan Davis.
 With the exception of a brief departure of Silveria due to a wrist injury, the band had always performed and recorded with its original five members.
 After the departure of guitarist Welch, the band formed a backup band to replace Welch's guitar playing and later Silveria's drumming after his departure in 2006.
 The band has also brought in other instruments that previously had not been used by the band such as keyboards and various percussion instruments and backing vocalists. Currently, the only original member not part of the current lineup of the band is Silveria.
Caleb Joshua Shomo (born December 1, 1992) is the lead vocalist of hardcore band Beartooth, the former lead vocalist, guitarist, keyboardist, and early on backing vocalist of metalcore band Attack Attack!
, and the owner of Studio Records in Columbus, Ohio.
 Shomo joined Attack Attack!
 as keyboardist at 14 years old while maintaining a passion for electronic music and eventually grew into record production by 18.
Beartooth is an American hardcore punk band formed by Caleb Shomo in Columbus, Ohio in 2012.
 They have been signed to Red Bull Records since 2013.
 Their debut EP "Sick" was released on July 26, 2013, followed by their debut full-length album "Disgusting" on June 10, 2014.
 Their sophomore album "Aggressive" was released on June 3, 2016.
Jasen Rauch ( ) (born April 24, 1981) is an American producer, composer, musician, and writer, best known as the former lead guitarist and current lead guitarist of the alternative rock bands Red and Breaking Benjamin, respectively.
 Although no longer an active member of Red, he still writes music for the band.
 Rauch is also well-known as the producer for Korn guitarist Brian Welch's solo project, Love and Death.
 According to Welch, Rauch "has a great track record for recording, producing, writing, and being in a band", and credits him as an inspiration for his returning to music.
 Before joining Breaking Benjamin in late 2014, Rauch also co-wrote several songs on their 2009 "Dear Agony" album, including "I Will Not Bow" and "Lights Out".
 Rauch is also a writer for Razor & Tie Music Publishing.
Greatest Hits, Vol.
 1 is a greatest hits compilation released in October 2004 by American rock band Korn.
 The album features select tracks from their first six studio albums presented in reverse chronological order.
 There are two previously unreleased songs on the compilation: a cover of Cameo's "Word Up!
", and a compilation of all three parts of Pink Floyd's "Another Brick in the Wall" and "Goodbye Cruel World".
 These were the final songs recorded with former guitarist Brian Welch, who left the band shortly after the album's release, until his return in 2013.
The Serenity of Suffering is the twelfth studio album by nu metal band Korn, released on October 21, 2016.
 According to guitarist Brian Welch, it is "heavier than anyone's heard us in a long time" and that it contains their most intense music in a long time vocally as well.
This Means War is the third and final studio album by American metalcore band Attack Attack!
.
 It was released on January 17, 2012 through Rise Records.
 Initially scheduled to be produced by John Feldmann (who previously produced tracks for the band's reissue of their self-titled album), production was instead handled by frontman Caleb Shomo in his home studio, making it the band's first album not to be produced by Joey Sturgis.
Dan Johnson is an American drummer for Korn guitarist Brian Welch and Love and Death, is the touring percussionist for Red and was the drummer for rock metal band Back from Ashes and hard rock band The Sammus Theory.
Sick is the debut extended play by American hardcore punk band Beartooth and is produced by Caleb Shomo formerly of the band Attack Attack!
 who sang and recorded all the instruments used on the album.
 It was released on July 26, 2013 through Red Bull Records for free download.
