Wing Ki Lai or Emma Lai (born March 14, 1988) is a Hong Kong cricketer who plays for Hong Kong women's national cricket team.
 She started learning to play cricket while working as a waitress at the Hong Kong Cricket Club.
 Just over a year after her first cricket lesson, she travelled to Kuwait as part of the Hong Kong squad, and a year later, she played in her first game for Hong Kong against Thailand.
Military Attack (Chinese: 軍事出擊, originally named Rave) (foaled 4 March 2008) is an Irish-bred, Hong Kong trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Unraced as a two-year-old he showed promising form in Britain in 2011 before being sold to race in Hong Kong.
 He continued to show useful but unexceptional form before emerging as a dominant middle-distance performer in the early part of 2013, winning the January Cup, Hong Kong Gold Cup, Premier Plate, Queen Elizabeth II Cup and Singapore Airlines International Cup.
 In July 2013 at the Hong Kong Jockey Club Champion Awards, he won three awards including the title of Hong Kong Horse of the Year.
Leung Po Shan (Anthony, Chinese: 梁寶山) is a Hong Kong artist specialized in installation and performance art.
 She worked as curator, editor and art critic.
 She was born 1974 in Hong Kong.
 Leung graduated from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, majoring in Fine Arts and pursued a Masters of Philosophy degree there.
 She studied at the University of Leeds on a Hong Kong Arts Development Council Scholarship.
 Playing with images, texts and body in theater, performance and installation, she has been involved in many major exhibitions, both locally and internationally.
Derek Currie was one of the first of three professionals to play in Asia when Hong Kong introduced professional football in 1970.
 Currie arrived in September 1970 along with fellow Scottsmen, Walter Gerrard and Jackie Trainer.
 Currie was also the first overseas professional to win the top goalscoring award in 1972 in Hong Kong.
 In 1978, he became the first professional to play for the Hong Kong National side and was followed by fellow professional, David Anderson and both competed for Hong Kong in the Asian Cup qualifying in Bangkok in 1979.
 By scoring against Sri Lanka, Currie was the first overseas professional to score in an International for the Hong Kong National side.
 During a three-month spell in San Antonio for the San Antonio Thunder in the NASL, Currie scored the official first goal in the Bicentennial League against St. Louis All-Stars, He scored both goals in their 2-1 win at the Alamo Stadium.
 Currie retired in 1982, playing his final farewell game against German side, VfB Stuttgart in Hong Kong.
Director of Immigration v. Chong Fung Yuen was a 2001 case in Hong Kong's Court of Final Appeal.
 Chief Justice Andrew Li, in the Court's unanimous opinion, affirmed lower court decisions that Chinese citizens born in Hong Kong enjoyed the right of abode regardless of the Hong Kong immigration status of their parents.
 The case touched on issues of interpretation of the Hong Kong Basic Law, both common law interpretation by courts in Hong Kong as well as interpretation by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPCSC) of the People's Republic of China.
 Professor Albert Chen of the University of Hong Kong describes the case as part of a "period of elaboration and consolidation of the regime of rights in the Hong Kong SAR", lasting roughly from 2000 to 2002.
The Thailand Masters was a professional snooker tournament.
 Previously known as Asian Open and Thailand Open, it was a ranking tournament from 1989/90 to 2001/02.
 An event called the "Thailand Masters" also formed part of the "World Series" in 1991/92, with Steve Davis beating Stephen Hendry 6–3.
 The final champion was Marco Fu.
Immediately after the handover of Hong Kong back to Chinese rule, Hong Kong's Legislative Council passed an amendment to the Basic Law that would restrict immigration to children born outside of Hong Kong that were born to Hong Kong residents.
 The constitutionality of this amendment came to be challenged in court, and in January 1999, the Court of Final Appeal ruled against the amendment.
 This ruling immediately granted up to 300,000 people in mainland China the right of abode in Hong Kong, and it was estimated that within the next ten years, about 1.6 million people in mainland China would become eligible for right of abode in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong First Division League 2005–06 has 8 teams competing in the league.
 Each team played twice with all other teams.
 The final champion is Happy Valley, which is their 6th champion.
 According to the rule, the bottom 2 teams, Hong Kong 08 and South China, should relegate to the Second Division.
 However, both teams are retained in the division next season by HKFA.
 Reason for retaining Hong Kong 08 is to give the team better preparation of 2008 Olympics Qualification games.
 South China was retained because the club promised to expand its next season's budget and sign new quality players.
 HKFA accepted this and hoped this would improve the competitiveness and attractiveness of the league.
The Chief Judge of the High Court of Hong Kong (CJHC) is the head of the High Court of Hong Kong and the President of the Court of Appeal of Hong Kong.
 In the Hong Kong order of precedence, the Chief Judge acts as the second most senior administrative judge for the courts system, second only to the Chief Justice of the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong; the position is the broad equivalent of the Master of the Rolls in the courts system of England and Wales.
The Women's Hong Kong squash Open 2011 is the women's edition of the 2011 Hong Kong Open, which is a WSA World Series event Gold (Prize money: $74 000).
 The event took place at the Hong Kong Squash Centre in Hong Kong from 15–20 November.
 Nicol David won her sixth Hong Kong Open trophy, beating Raneem El Weleily in the final.
