Super Hero Central is a 2004 Martial arts oriented Cult film.
 This film was directed by and stars Scott Shaw.
 The Co-Stars of this films include Donald G. Jackson, Conrad Brooks, and Kevin Thompson.
Max Hell Frog Warrior is a 1996 martial arts sci fi cult film written, produced, and directed by Donald G. Jackson and Scott Shaw.
 This film is the third in the "Hell Comes to Frogtown" series, following the cult films "Hell Comes to Frogtown" and "Return to Frogtown".
 Initially developed under the title "Toad Warrior", the film gained its current title for its 2002 release.
 The story was conceived by Donald G. Jackson, creator of the "Frogtown" franchise.
 The film stars Scott Shaw, Joe Estevez, Conrad Brooks, and Jill Kelly.
Guns of El Chupacabra is a 1997 martial arts based monster film that was directed by Donald G. Jackson and was produced by and stars Scott Shaw.
 The co-stars of this film include: Julie Strain, Kevin Eastman, Conrad Brooks, Joe Estevez, and Robert Z'Dar.
Joseph "Joe" Estevez (born February 13, 1946) is an American actor, director and producer.
 He is the younger brother of actor Martin Sheen and the uncle of Emilio Estevez, Charlie Sheen, Renée Estevez and Ramon Estevez.
Five Aces is a 1999 black comedy/drama film written, produced and directed by David Michael O'Neill.
 It stars Charlie Sheen, Christopher McDonald, Aimée Leigh, Jeff Cesario, Michael McGrady, Tia Carrere, Geoffrey Lewis, Virginia Hamilton, Matt Clark, Hannes Jaenicke with John LaMotta and Elizabeth Morehead.
 It is one of the films where Charlie Sheen is credited as Charles Sheen.
No Code of Conduct is a 1998 action crime thriller film directed by Bret Michaels.
 The film stars Charlie Sheen, and Martin Sheen as father-and-son vice unit detectives, along with Mark Dacascos who portrays Charlie Sheen's partner.
 The film was released as a direct-to-video feature in some countries, including: Australia, Sweden, Japan, the Czech Republic, Argentina, Brazil, Azerbaijan, Russia and Turkey.
 Bret Michaels is credited as Director, Screenwriter, Composer (Music Score), Actor and Executive Producer.
 Charlie Sheen's credits in this release include Actor, Screenwriter and Executive Producer.
The Roller Blade Seven is a 1991 cult martial arts film directed by Donald G. Jackson and starring Scott Shaw.
The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven is a 1992 martial arts cult film that was directed by Donald G. Jackson, and was produced by and stars Scott Shaw.
Roy Horan III (born January 1, 1950), is an American actor and martial artist.
 Horan is perhaps best known as Lewis in 1981 martial arts film "Game of Death II", and Priest/Russian in 1978 martial arts film "Snake in the Eagle's Shadow".
A Letter From Death Row is a 1998 psychological thriller film directed by Marvin Baker and Bret Michaels, lead singer of the hard rock band Poison.
 Bret Michaels also wrote the film and starred in it.
 The film was released by Sheen Michaels Entertainment, a company created by Bret Michaels and actor Charlie Sheen.
 The film was produced by Shane Stanley and also stars Martin Sheen, Charlie Sheen, and Kristi Gibson, who was Michaels' girlfriend at the time.
