"Green Island Serenade" (; also known as "Serenade of Green Island") is a Mandarin Chinese classic song composed in 1954 by Zhou Lanping (周藍萍), first performed by Zi Wei (紫薇).
 Although many people believed that Teresa Teng had made this song famous, there is no evidence that Teresa Teng had sung this song.
 The lyrics of this song were probably written by either Pan Yingjie (潘英傑) or Gao Yudang.
A Tribute to Teresa Teng - A Rocking Farewell (告别的摇滚) is a May 1995 tribute album by many of the leading lights of Beijing's first generation rock bands.
 Although the take of hardcore rock acts like Zang Tianshuo and 1989 on the gentle songs of Teresa Teng is rough edged, like Faye Wong's tribute Decadent Sound of Faye (菲靡靡之音) which appeared two months later, the album was a genuine and sincere tribute to the childhood appreciation of Teng as one of the first pop singers to be heard in China.
Dàndàn yōuqíng () is a 1983 Mandarin Chinese album by Teresa Teng, first distributed by Polydor Records, Ltd. (also called Polygram now owned by Universal Music Group), from Hong Kong and Kolin Records (歌林) from Taiwan.
 It contains twelve songs, which use poems from the Tang and Song Dynasties as lyrics.
"When Will You Return?"
 () is a Chinese song first sung by Zhou Xuan in 1937, but now better known as a song by Teresa Teng.
 The song has also been variously translated as "When Will the Gentleman Come Back Again?"
 or "When Will You Come Back Again?"
 The lyrics were written by Huang Jiamo (黄嘉謨 ) to a tune composed by Liu Xue'an (劉雪庵 ).
Love Love Love is the fourth album by Linda Chung, and was released on 13 November 2012.
 It contains 11 tracks, of which 3 are Mandarin while the rest are Cantonese.
 "The Moon Represents My Heart" is a remake of a famous song from the artist Teresa Teng.
 In an interview, Chung expressed that the album's main theme was the idea of happiness.
 Whilst at a promotional event for lovelovelove, Linda also stated that she has now saved enough songs to hold a concert.
Teresa Teng (29 January 1953 – 8 May 1995) was a Taiwanese singer.
 She was known for her folk songs and romantic ballads, such as "When Will You Return?
" and "The Moon Represents My Heart".
 She recorded songs not only in her native Mandarin but also in Taiwanese Hokkien, Cantonese, Japanese, Indonesian and English.
Tian Mi Mi (; literally "very sweet") is a 1979 Mandarin Chinese song by Teresa Teng.
 The lyrics were written by Zhuang Nu (莊奴, 1922–2016)Chinese Music - Page 126 Jie Jin - 2011 -"The songs of Teresa Teng, including Story of Little Town (Xiao Cheng Gu Shi), Sweetness (Tian Mi Mi) and I only Care about You (Wo Zhi Zai Hu Ni), were widely spread on the mainland. "
</ref> The film is named after and features the Teresa Teng song.
"I Only Care About You" () is a Mandarin song by Taiwanese singer Teresa Teng.
"The Moon Represents My Heart" () is a Mandarin song.
 It was made famous by Teresa Teng.
The Teresa Teng Memorial Hall () is a memorial hall in Gushan District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan dedicated to singer Teresa Teng.
