Adventures of Don Juan (released in the UK as The New Adventures of Don Juan) is a 1948 American Technicolor swashbuckling adventure romance film from Warner Bros., produced by Jerry Wald, directed by Vincent Sherman, that stars Errol Flynn and Viveca Lindfors, with Robert Douglas, Alan Hale, Ann Rutherford, and Robert Warwick.
 Also in the cast are Barbara Bates, Raymond Burr, and Mary Stuart.
 The screenplay by George Oppenheimer and Harry Kurnitz, based on a story by Herbert Dalmas, has uncredited contributions by William Faulkner and Robert Florey.
Telephone Time is an American anthology drama series that aired on CBS in 1956, and on ABC from 1957 to 1958.
 The series features plays by John Nesbitt who hosted the first season.
 Frank C. Baxter hosted the 1957 and 1958 seasons.
 The program was directed by Arthur Hiller, Robert Florey, and Lewis Allen (director).
 A total of 81 episodes aired from April 1956 to March 1957 on CBS and from April 1957 to April 1958 on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC).
The Cocoanuts is a 1929 musical comedy film starring the Marx Brothers.
 Produced for Paramount Pictures by Walter Wanger, who is not credited, the film stars the four Marx Brothers, Oscar Shaw, Mary Eaton, and Margaret Dumont.
 It was the first sound film to credit more than one director (Robert Florey and Joseph Santley), and was adapted to the screen by Morrie Ryskind from the George S. Kaufman Broadway musical play.
 Five of the film's tunes were composed by Irving Berlin, including "When My Dreams Come True", sung by Oscar Shaw and Mary Eaton.
San Antonio is a 1945 Western Technicolor film starring Errol Flynn and Alexis Smith.
 The film was written by W. R. Burnett and Alan Le May, and directed by David Butler as well as uncredited Robert Florey and Raoul Walsh.
Disbarred is a 1939 film about a crooked lawyer starring Gail Patrick and Robert Preston.
 The supporting cast includes Otto Kruger, Virginia Vale and Sidney Toler.
 The movie was directed by film noir specialist Robert Florey.
The Beast with Five Fingers is a 1946 mystery horror film directed by Robert Florey from a screenplay by Curt Siodmak, based on a short story written by W. F. Harvey and first published in 1919 in "The New Decameron".
 The film stars Robert Alda, Victor Francen, Andrea King, and Peter Lorre.
 The film's score was composed by Max Steiner.
God is My Co-Pilot is a 1945 American black-and-white biographical war film from Warner Bros.
 Pictures, produced by Robert Buckner, directed by Robert Florey, that stars Dennis Morgan and co-stars Dane Clark and Raymond Massey.
 The screenplay by Abem Finkel and Peter Milne is based on the 1943 autobiography of the same name by Robert Lee Scott, Jr. (April 12, 1908 – February 27, 2006) and tells the story of Scott's involvement with the Flying Tigers and the United States Army Air Forces in China and Burma during World War II.
Robert Florey (14 September 1900 – 16 May 1979) was a French-American director, screenwriter, film journalist, and occasional actor.
The Hole in the Wall is a 1929 mystery drama film directed by Robert Florey, and starring Claudette Colbert and Edward G. Robinson.
 This film marks the first appearance of Edward G. Robinson as a gangster.
The Preview Murder Mystery is a 1936 American mystery-comedy, directed by Robert Florey and shot in the Paramount studio.
 The plot follows a studio public relations man who attempts to trap a killer using television technology, allowing on-screen glimpses of technicians like Florey's cinematographer Karl Struss.
