Osvald Chlubna (July 22, 1893, Brno – October 30, 1971, Brno) was a prominent Czech composer.
 Intending originally to study engineering, Chlubna switched his major and from 1914 to 1924, he studied composition with Leoš Janáček.
 Until 1953, he worked as a clerk.
 Later, he taught at the Organ School in Brno for many years.
 He worked in many art organisations in Brno.
 Chlubna's works can be defined by three distinct periods: Romanticism, Impressionism, all the way to the Modern Constructivism.
 He delved into Symbolism as well.
 He used the texts of symbolic Czech poets, such as Otakar Březina, Jaroslav Vrchlický, Jaroslav Durych and others.
 He wrote several cycles of compositions for piano and organ, as well as instrumental concerts, symphonies, ouvertures and cantatas.
 He wrote many operas, often using his own librettos, such as "The Revenge of Catullus" based on the work of Vrchlický (1917), "Alladina and Palomid" (based on the work of Maeterlinck, 1925), "Ňura" (1932), "How the Death came in the World" (1936), "Jiří from Kunštát and Poděbrady" (based on the work of Alois Jirásek, 1941), "Cradle" (composed on the work of Jirásek, 1951), "Eupyros" (1960).
 He also wrote texts and articles primarily about Janáček.
Samuel Alexander "Sandy" Faris (11 June 1921 – 28 September 2015) was a Northern Irish composer, conductor and writer, known for his television theme tunes, including the theme music for the 1970s TV series "Upstairs, Downstairs".
 He composed and recorded many operas and musicals, and also composed film scores (including for "Georgy Girl") and orchestral works.
 As a conductor, he was especially known for his revivals of Jacques Offenbach and Gilbert and Sullivan operettas.
Valery Kritskov is a Russian conductor who used to take conducting lessons at the Moscow Institute of Culture which were taught by Kirill Tikhonov.
 He graduated from there in 1988 and then worked in Moscow-based Helikon Opera till he got employed with Novaya Opera in 2002.
 While there, he conducted many operas including Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's "The Snow Maiden" and "The Tsar’s Bride" as well as Anton Rubinstein's "The Demon" and Tchaikovsky's "The Maid of Orleans".
 He also conducted works by the Italian composers such as Pietro Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana" and Ruggero Leoncavallo's "Pagliacci" and German such as Richard Wagner's "Lohengrin" and Strauss' "Die Fledermaus" as well as a concert dedicated to Vincenzo Bellini.
 Besides operas, he is also known for his conducting of the Russian ballet based on works by Tchaikovsky and Sergei Prokofiev as well as German and Austrian ballet composers such as Ludwig Minkus and Charles Gounod.
 Later on, he became a conductor of the Coppélia ballet which was based by Léo Delibes work and was produced by Imperial Russian Ballet.
 Currently he has two CD recordings called "Chorus of the Novaya Opera Theatre of Moscow" and the "Soloists of the Novaya Opera Theatre of Moscow".
Beethoven's Piano Sonata No. 11 in B-flat major, Op.
 22, was composed in 1800, and published two years later.
 Beethoven regarded it as the best of his early sonatas, though some of its companions in the cycle have been at least as popular with the public.
Hungarian Rhapsody No. 3, S.244/3, in B-flat major, is the third in a set of nineteen Hungarian Rhapsodies composed by Franz Liszt for solo piano.
 The rhapsody has an earlier version, like many other of Liszt's compositions: its Andante music appeared in No. 11 in the set of 21 pieces of the Magyar Dalok (1839–1847).
 It was composed in 1847 and published in 1853.
"Gertrude's Dream Waltz" (German: "Gertruds Traumwalzer" ) is a waltz in B-flat major for solo piano which was attributed by its first publisher to Ludwig van Beethoven.
 It is catalogued as "Anhang 16, nr.
 2" in the Kinsky-Halm Catalogue of Beethoven fragments, attributions and works without opus number.
 There is no evidence that Beethoven wrote the piece; he composed few waltzes, and it is not in the style of any of Beethoven's other compositions.
The Piano Concerto No. 6 in B-flat major, K. 238, was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in January 1776.
 His Concerto No. 7 (K. 242) for three pianos and his Concerto No. 8 (K. 246) in C major would follow within three months.
 The three works share what Cuthbert Girdlestone refers to as a galant style.
Hans Huber (28 June 185225 December 1921) was a composer from Switzerland who, between 1894 and 1918, composed five operas.
 His piano concertos are slightly unusual for the form in that they have, like Brahms' second piano concerto in B-flat major, four movements (scherzos are included in addition to the usual fast, slow, and fast tempo movements).
 He also wrote a set of 24 Preludes and Fugues, Op. 100, for piano four-hands in all the keys.
The Prelude for Clarinet in B-flat major, sometimes also referred to as Prelude for Solo Clarinet, is a work by Polish composer Krzysztof Penderecki.
 It was composed in 1987 and is one of the pieces from the series of compositions for solo instruments that Penderecki composed during the 1980s, such as "Cadenza for Solo Viola" (1984) and "Per Slava" (1986).
The Piano Trio in B-flat major, Op.
 11, was composed by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1797 and published in Vienna the next year.
 It is one of a series of early chamber works, many involving woodwind instruments because of their popularity and novelty at the time.
 The trio is scored for piano, clarinet (or violin), and cello (sometimes substituted by bassoon).
 The key of B-flat major was probably chosen to facilitate fast passages in the B-flat clarinet, which had not yet benefited from the development of the Boehm system.
 Beethoven dedicated the piece to Countess Maria Wilhelmine von Thun.
