Laverne Cox is an American actress and LGBT advocate.
 She rose to prominence with her role as Sophia Burset on the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black", becoming the first openly transgender person to be nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in the acting category, and the first to be nominated for an Emmy Award since composer/musician Angela Morley in 1990.
 In 2015, she won a Daytime Emmy Award in Outstanding Special Class Special as executive producer for "Laverne Cox Presents: The T Word."
 This made her the first openly transgender woman to win a Daytime Emmy as an executive producer.
 Also in 2015, she became the first openly transgender person to have a wax figure of herself at Madame Tussauds.
 In 2017, she became the first transgender person to play a transgender series regular on broadcast TV as Cameron Wirth on CBS' s "Doubt".
Ellen Jayne Wheeler (born October 9, 1961 in Glendale, California) is an American actress, director and producer.
 She has appeared in several soap operas, including "Another World" and "All My Children".
 In 1986, she won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series for her work as twins Marley and Vicky Love Hudson on "Another World".
 In 1988, she won another Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her work as Cindy Parker Chandler on "All My Children".
 Wheeler's character was one of the first characters with AIDS on daytime television.
 Wheeler also made a memorable guest appearance as Phyllis Wicke in the 1991 primetime revival of the gothic soap opera "Dark Shadows".
John Herzfeld is an American film and television director, screenwriter, actor and producer.
 His feature film directing credits include "Two of a Kind" (1983), "2 Days in the Valley" (1996), "15 Minutes" (2001) and "The Death and Life of Bobby Z" (2007).
 He has also directed numerous made-for-television movies, including "The Ryan White Story" (1989), "The Preppie Murder" (1989), "" (1993) and "" (1997) for which he was nominated for an Emmy and won the DGA award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Dramatic Specials.
 He won a Daytime Emmy Award for directing the 1980 "ABC Afterschool Special" titled "Stoned".
Kristina Corinthos-Davis is a fictional character from the original ABC Daytime soap opera, "General Hospital".
 Born in 2002, Kristina is the daughter of mob kingpin Sonny Corinthos (Maurice Benard) and his former attorney -- Alexis Davis (Nancy Lee Grahn).
 She is currently being portrayed by Lexi Ainsworth after being rapidly aged in 2009.
 Ainsworth received critical acclaim for her portrayal and was nominated for Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series in 2011.
 Between 2012–13, she was played by Lindsey Morgan.
 Kristina's storylines during Morgan's tenure were critically panned, but Morgan also earned a Daytime Emmy nomination in the Outstanding Younger Actress category in 2013.
 In 2015, Ainsworth returned to the role.
 In 2017, Ainsworth won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series.
Gregori J. Martin (born Gregorio Barbieri Jr. on May 6, 1978) is a multiple Emmy Award-winning producer and the founder, CEO, and president of LANY Entertainment (formerly known as LANYfilms Productions) an independent bi-coastal entertainment company.
 Martin is best known for his two-time Emmy winning and three-time Emmy-nominated indie soap opera web series "The Bay", for which he won the 2015 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding New Approaches Drama Series and the 2016 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Digital Daytime Drama Series.
 Martin is also known for the theatrically released independent vampire thriller "Raven", a feature film produced by GruntWorks Entertainment where he originally served as a producer, director and as president for approximately four years.
 Martin is currently in development on a six-hour miniseries titled "The Disciples" that was sold to Sony Entertainment and serves as co-executive producer and head writer of the made-for-TV miniseries.
 Martin also serves as co-executive producer and director of the new situation comedy "This Just In" for Associated Television International (ATI).
 Martin was awarded the 2011 Indie Series Award for Outstanding Directing for his work on "The Bay" and was again nominated in 2016.
Sherry Gunther is an American producer known for her work in animation.
 While at Klasky Csupo, Gunther worked on the television series "Duckman", "Rugrats", and early seasons of "The Simpsons", for which she won a Primetime Emmy Award in 1991.
 She was made senior vice president of production at Hanna-Barbera Cartoons in 1995.
 Under Hanna-Barbera President Fred Seibert she oversaw production of Turner Entertainment programs such as "Dexter's Laboratory", "Johnny Bravo", "The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest", and the "World Premiere Toons".
 Sherry then went on to Produce Family Guy and to found Twentieth Television's first in-house Prime-Time animation studio, and produced countless Prime-Time pilots for Imagine Television, Touchstone Television, Twentieth Television, Fox, and Carsey Warner.
 She also produced theatrical shorts of Looney Tunes for Warner Bros.
 Sherry has received four additional Primetime Emmy nominations, Festival Awards, and a Humanitas Award.
 a Daytime Emmy Award, two CableACE Award nominations, and a Humanitas Prize.
Patricia Alvarado Nuñez is an American television producer, director, and published photographer based in Boston, Massachusetts.
 She has created, produced, co-produced, executive produced, written and directed television documentaries, music specials and series on social and cultural issues including the American Experience PBS primetime documentary Fidel in 2004, an episode of PBS Kids' "Postcards from Buster" which was nominated for a 2008 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Children Series.
 She later served as the Creator and Series Producer of the WGBH series "Neighborhood Kitchens" which won an Emmy Award in 2014.
 Patricia is currently Executive Producer of "Sing That Thing," a new choir competition television series currently in its third season of production by broadcaster WGBH.
Ronald "Ron" de Moraes is an American television director and producer.
 He has worked on numerous commercial, shows and concerts, and received an Emmy Award for co-directing the 2002 Winter Olympics opening ceremony and a Daytime Emmy Award for his work on the 2007 Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade.
Barbara Garshman is an American television producer, writer and executive.
 She holds a MA in Theater Arts- TV from UCLA.
 She is a former NBC Director of Prime Time Development-East Coast where she helped develop the mini-series as a new dramatic form, presenting over 100 hours of on-air programming, as well as made for television movies, sitcoms and dramatic series.
 She received five Daytime Emmy Award nominations as Supervising Producer of CBS Daytime's Guiding Light.
 After leaving GL in 1993, she devoted her time to writing for Days of Our Lives, Another World, and a primetime dramatic pilot, Connections.
 She worked for ABC Daytime as a consultant where she developed writers for their existing serials and conceived new dramatic forms for daytime television.
The Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade is an American television special that airs on Christmas Day on ABC, taped primarily inside the Magic Kingdom theme park at Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida, approximately one month prior to Christmas Day.
 A Spanish simulcast of the parade has aired on Univision under the titles Desfile de Navidad Disney, (Feliz) Navidad Disney, and Navidad Mágica Disney, and typically airs Spanish singers who sing Christmas carols as well as their latest hits.
 Past shows have included segments featuring other Disney theme parks in Orlando, Florida; Anaheim, California; and around the world (plus in recent editions, the Disney Cruise Line).
 The program has aired annually since 1983, with the exception of the year 2000 when Disney aired a Christmas Eve "Tracking Santa" special instead.
 In 1999, a nighttime version of the parade was shown on Christmas Day.
