Haringey London Borough Council is the local authority for the London Borough of Haringey in Greater London, England.
 It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
 Haringey is divided into 19 wards, each electing three councillors.
 Haringey London Borough Council comprises 48 Labour Party councillors, and 9 Liberal Democrats.
 The council was created by the London Government Act 1963 and replaced three local authorities: Hornsey Borough Council, Tottenham Borough Council and Wood Green Borough Council.
 The next election to the authority will be in 2018.
The Wood Green War Memorial is located on the High Road, Wood Green, in the London Borough of Haringey.
 It was erected in 1920 and paid for by public subscription of the people of Wood Green to remember the men of the area who died during the First World War.
 It was subsequently adapted to include the dead of the Second World War.
 It is grade II listed with Historic England.
London Skolars R.L.F.C. are a professional rugby league club based at the New River Stadium, Wood Green, Haringey in north London.
 They were founded in 1995 and have been professional since 2003, operating in the Kingstone Press League 1 in the 2015 season.
 They also run an A-team (formerly known as "Haringey Hornets") that play in the South Premier Division of the Rugby League Conference.
Wood Green Town Football Club was a football club based in Tottenham in the London Borough of Haringey, England.
 Formed in 1911 as a breakaway from Tufnell Park, they merged with Edmonton (a descendent of Tufnell Park) in 1973 to form Edmonton & Haringey.
 During their history the club were known as Tufnell Spartans, Wood Green, Wood Green Town and Haringey Borough.
The Mall Wood Green is a large shopping centre and residential complex in Wood Green, north London.
 It is generally still referred to by its former name of Wood Green Shopping City; the signage on the building still uses that name.
Alexandra Palace railway station (originally named Wood Green and later Wood Green (Alexandra Park)) is in the London Borough of Haringey in north London, and is in Zone 3.
 The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Great Northern.
 Trains mostly go to and from Moorgate on weekdays and weekends.
Heartlands High School is a state secondary school located in Wood Green in the London Borough of Haringey.
 It welcomed its first students in September 2010.
 The headteacher is Mr. Simon Garrill.
White Hart Lane Community Sports Centre, also known as the New River Stadium is a rugby league and athletics stadium in Wood Green, Haringey, north London, England that is home to London Skolars rugby league club, Enfield and Haringey Athletic Club, Wood Green Weightlifting Club, Hashtag United F.C. (YouTube based football club), Haringey Rhinos rugby union club, Haringey Cycling Club, and the Next Level Football League.
Haringey Heartlands is a currently ongoing urban regeneration project in the London Borough of Haringey, in north London, England.
 The site is located west of Shopping City in Wood Green.
 The aim of the development is "to create a vibrant and attractive new urban quarter which acts as the civic and cultural Heart of Haringey, integrating with and benefiting wider communities."
Wood Green is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly line.
 The station is between Turnpike Lane and Bounds Green stations and is in Travelcard Zone 3.
 It is located at junction of High Road, Wood Green and Lordship Lane.
 It serves Wood Green Shopping City and the nearby Haringey Council administrative complex as well as a densely populated residential area.
 It is also the closest tube station to the Alexandra Palace Venue.
