The Chantilly-Tiffany or Chantilly/Tiffany, also known as the Chantilly or the Foreign Longhair, is a breed of cat derived mainly from cross-breeding long-haired Asians and Burmese.
 The breed originated in North America.
 This breed is considered distinct from the Asian Semi-longhair breed, the British variant.
 The Chantilly was thought extinct until the 1960s when two of these cats appeared during an estate sale.
The Governing Council of the Cat Fancy (GCCF) is a cat registry, established in 1910 and the largest organisation that registers pedigree cats in the United Kingdom.
 It was formed from a small number of cat clubs which were registering cats at the time when the modern cat fancy was in its first stages.
 It is considered to be the original prototype for cat fancy registries.
 It is an independent body with around 150 member clubs, including specialist breed clubs and area clubs covering particular regions.
 The GCCF became an incorporated company on 5 November 2010.
 It licenses cat shows put on by its affiliated clubs with about 135 shows per year.
 Pedigree cats shown at these shows can gain the titles Champion, Grand Champion, Imperial Grand Champion and Olympian.
 The latter having three levels, Bronze, Silver and Gold.
 The word Champion is replaced by Premier for neutered cats.
 The showing of non-pedigree cats (often referred to as Domestic shorthair and Domestic longhair) and Pedigree Pets is also popular at GCCF shows.
The American Indian Horse is defined by its breed registry as a horse that may carry the ancestry of the Spanish Barb, Arabian, Mustang, or "Foundation" Appaloosa.
 It is the descendant of horses originally brought to the Americas by the Spanish and obtained by Native American people.
 The registry was created in 1961 when some breeders of Colonial Spanish Horse bloodlines considered the Spanish Mustang breeders to be departing from the original "Indian horse" phenotype.
 The organization was started "for the purpose of collecting, recording and preserving the pedigrees of American Indian Horses."
 The registry also allows the "hybrids ["sic"] and descendants" of the original Spanish Colonial Horse to be registered.
 Horses registered with other breed registries to be double-registered with this organization if the horses meet the conformation requirements.
JSP Records is a British record label, founded in 1978 by John Stedman (John Stedman Promotions), releasing recordings by blues musicians such as Professor Longhair, Buddy Guy, Jimmy Witherspoon, Louisiana Red, Deitra Farr, Eddie "Cleanhead" Vinson, Kansas City Red, Eddie Taylor, and Big John Wrencher.
 The label is based in London, England.
The British Longhair is a medium-sized, semi-long-haired breed of domestic cat, originating in Great Britain.
The Asian Semi-Longhair is a cat breed similar to the Asian Shorthair except it has semi-long fur.
 The breed is also known by the name Tiffanie or Tiffany.
 It is recognized in any of the Asian Shorthair or Burmese colors and patterns.
 Like the Asian Shorthair, the breed was developed in Britain and is not currently recognized by any U.S. Registries.
 It has full recognition in the GCCF.
 It is related to, and in some registries distinct from, the Chantilly-Tiffany or Foreign Longhair, the North American variant.
The Red Ensign Group is a collaboration of United Kingdom shipping registries that include British Overseas Territories and Crown dependencies.
 It takes its name from the Red Ensign ("Red Duster") flag flown by British civil merchant ships.
 The group’s stated purpose is to combine resources in order to maintain a reputation for safety and quality across the British fleet.
 As of 2016 the Red Ensign Group ranked seventh in the world as measured by gross registered tons (GRT).
 Sir Alan Massey of the UK Maritime and Coastguard Agency commented ".
.
 keeping [ships] inside the REG family means that you still have some influence over their quality and performance... We can take administrative measures against members of [it] if we want to so as to ensure that safety is brought up to the necessary standards..." The vessels also receive British Consular assistance and protection.
The Cymric ( or ) is a breed of domestic cat.
 Some cat registries consider the Cymric simply a semi-long-haired variety of the Manx breed, rather than a separate breed.
 Except for the length of fur, in all other respects the two varieties are the same, and kittens of either sort may appear in the same litter.
 The name comes from "Cymru" (] ), the indigenous Welsh name of Wales, though the breed is not associated with Wales, and the name was possibly given as an attempt to provide a "Celtic"-sounding name for the breed.
 The breed's Manx bloodline originated in the Isle of Man, though Canada claims to have developed the long-haired variant.
 The breed is called the Longhair Manx or a similar name by some registries.
A domestic short-haired cat is a cat of mixed ancestry – thus not belonging to any particular recognized cat breed – possessing a coat of short fur.
 In British English, they are often referred to as moggies.
 Domestic short-haired cats should not be confused with the British Shorthair, American Shorthair or other standardized breeds with "Shorthair" names, which are breeds recognized by various registries.
 Domestic short-haireds are the most common cat in the United States, accounting for around 90–95% of their number.
 Other generic terms include house cat and alley cat (the latter may be used more specifically to refer to feral specimens).
 The term tabby cat technically refers to a coat pattern, but is also often used as a general term for cats of this sort.
A domestic long-haired cat, or fluffy cat, is a cat of mixed ancestry – thus not belonging to any particular recognised cat breed – possessing a coat of semi-long to long fur.
 Domestic long-haired cats should not be confused with the British Longhair, American Longhair, or other breeds with "Longhair" names, which are standardized breeds defined by various registries.
 Domestic long-haireds are the second most popular cat in the United States after the domestic short-haired; one in ten of the ninety million cats in the US is a domestic long-hair.
 Other generic terms are long-haired house cat and, in British English, long-haired moggie.
