Sunset Las Palmas Studios, located at 1040 N. Las Palmas Avenue in Hollywood, California, is an independent production lot providing stages and related services to television, movie and commercial production companies.
 Founded in 1919, the lot is one of the oldest production facilities in Hollywood and has played host to many notable productions, including such television shows as "The Burns and Allen Show", "I Love Lucy", "The Addams Family", "Jeopardy!", "The Rockford Files", "MADtv", and "The Suite Life on Deck", as well as such movie productions as "When Harry Met Sally..." and "The Player".
 It was previously known as Hollywood Center Studios.
Meg Ryan (born Margaret Mary Emily Anne Hyra; November 19, 1961) is an American actress, director, and producer.
 Ryan began her acting career in 1981 in minor roles, before joining the cast of the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" in 1982.
 Subsequently, she began to appear in supporting roles in films during the mid-1980s, achieving recognition in independent movies such as "Promised Land" (1988) before her performance in the Rob Reiner-directed romantic comedy "When Harry Met Sally..." (1989) brought her widespread attention and her first Golden Globe nomination.
When Harry Met Sally… is a 1989 American romantic comedy film written by Nora Ephron and directed by Rob Reiner.
 It stars Billy Crystal as Harry and Meg Ryan as Sally.
 The story follows the title characters from the time they meet just before sharing a cross-country drive, through twelve years or so of chance encounters in New York City.
 The film raises the question "Can men and women ever just be friends?"
 and advances many ideas about relationships that became household concepts, such as "high-maintenance" and the "transitional person".
Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd is a 2003 American comedy film.
 It is the second film in the "Dumb and Dumber" film series and a prequel to the 1994 film "Dumb and Dumber".
 The film was directed by Troy Miller and based on the characters created by the Farrelly brothers from the original film.
 The film was poorly received by critics; however, it was a modest domestic box office success considering its budget, taking in just under $40 million.
 The subtitle is inspired by the film "When Harry Met Sally...".
When Harry Met Sally... is the soundtrack to the movie "When Harry Met Sally..." starring Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan.
 The songs are performed by pianist Harry Connick Jr., who won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Male Vocal Performance.
Gretchen Palmer (born December 16, 1961) is an American television and film actress.
 She has had recurring roles in television series such as "The Joe Schmo Show" and "The Parkers", and has appeared in films including "Fast Forward", "Crossroads", "The Malibu Bikini Shop", "Red Heat", "When Harry Met Sally...", "Chopper Chicks in Zombietown", "Moonbase", "Trois" (2000) and "I Got the Hook Up" (1998).
 She also appeared on The Young and the Restless as Serena.
Nora Ephron ( ; May 19, 1941 – June 26, 2012) was an American writer and filmmaker.
 She is best known for her romantic comedy films and was nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Writing: for "Silkwood" (1983), "When Harry Met Sally..." (1989), and "Sleepless in Seattle" (1993).
 She won a BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay for "When Harry Met Sally...".
 She sometimes wrote with her sister Delia Ephron.
 Her last film was "Julie & Julia."
 She also co-authored the Drama Desk Award–winning theatrical production "Love, Loss, and What I Wore".
 In 2013, Ephron received a posthumous Tony Award nomination for Best Play for "Lucky Guy".
Bruno Kirby (born Giovanni Quidaciolu, Jr.; April 28, 1949 – August 14, 2006) was an American actor, singer, voice artist, chef, and comedian.
 He was known for his roles in "City Slickers", "When Harry Met Sally...", "Good Morning, Vietnam", "The Godfather Part II", and "Donnie Brasco".
 He voiced Reginald Stout in "Stuart Little".
Connie Sawyer (born November 27, 1912) is an American actress.
 She is best known for her work in "Dumb and Dumber", "Pineapple Express" and "When Harry Met Sally...".
Golden Gate University School of Law (informally referred to as GGU School of Law, GGU Law and Golden Gate Law) is one of the professional graduate schools of Golden Gate University.
 Located in downtown San Francisco, California, GGU is a California non-profit corporation and is fully accredited by the American Bar Association (ABA).
 In 2011, the "National Jurist" ranked the law school's public interest program among the top 20 in the United States.
 In 2013, the same publication ranked Golden Gate University School of Law among the 20 US law schools with the highest average law school debt among its 2011 graduates.
 Golden Gate Law was named by National Jurist magazine among the top 20 U.S. law schools for practical, hands-on training in 2014.
