Vildanden AS ("The Wild Duck") was a virtual, regional airline based at Skien Airport, Geiteryggen in Norway, where it was the only airline.
 With operations starting in 2005, it flew to Bergen, Trondheim and Stavanger using a Jetstream 32 and an ATR 42, which is wet leased from Danish Air Transport (DAT) and Helitrans.
 Previously, the airline has also served Stockholm and Molde, and has also operated Saab 340 aircraft, operated by Coast Air, Air Aurora and Avitrans.
 The airline hadbeen in conflict with Coast Air about terminating the wet lease agreement.
 The company has had to be bailed out several times, including by the municipality, until it managed to make its first profit in 2009.
 It ceased operations and filed for bankruptcy in January 2011.
Phuket Air (Phuket Airlines Co. Ltd) is an airline based in Bangkok, Thailand.
 The airline currently specialises in leasing its fleet of Boeing 747 and 737 aircraft on an ACMI (Aircraft, Crews, Maintenance, Insurance) as well as wet lease basis to airlines worldwide needing extra passenger capacity.
 Other services provided include international charter services, "ad hoc" wet leasing services, religious pilgrimage charters (Hajj/Umrah) and dry lease services.
 Saudi Arabian Airlines is a major long term client of Phuket Air.
 In the past, the airline provided scheduled domestic and international air services.
 Its main base is at Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok, with a hub at Phuket International Airport, Phuket.
 The airline was an international scheduled carrier before it shifted its focus to the ACMI/wet lease market.
Enimex was an airline based in Tallinn, Estonia.
 It operated cargo and passenger charter flights, and wet lease operations worldwide.
 Its main base was Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport.
Titan Airways is a British charter airline founded in 1988 and based at London Stansted Airport.
 The carrier specialises in short notice ACMI and wet lease operations as well as ad-hoc passenger and cargo charter services to tour operators, corporations, governments and the sports and entertainment sectors.
 The company holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence, permitting it to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats and currently operates a fleet of 10 aircraft.
VIM Airlines (legally "VIM Avia") is a Russian airline headquartered in Moscow based at Domodedovo International Airport.
 It offers international scheduled and charter operations for both passengers and cargo as well as wet lease services.
Bishop International Airport (IATA: FNT, ICAO: KFNT, FAA LID: FNT) is a commercial and general aviation airport located in Flint, Michigan.
 It is named after banker and General Motors board member Arthur Giles Bishop (April 12, 1851 – January 22, 1944), who donated 220 acres of his farmland for the airport in 1928.
 The third busiest airport in Michigan, it surpassed competitor MBS International Airport in terms of airline operations in 2002.
 In 2007, 1,071,238 passengers used Bishop International Airport; in 2011, 938,914 passengers used the airport.
 It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a small hub primary commercial service facility.
 The airport is currently served by several passenger airlines: Allegiant Air, Southwest Airlines and Delta Air Lines operate mainline service out of the airport, as well as affiliates of Delta Connection, United Express and American Eagle.
 Additionally, FedEx Express and a FedEx Feeder affiliate operate cargo services out of the airport.
 Accompanying the airlines is fixed-base operator Av Flight that handles both general aviation and airline operations and the flight school American Wings Aviation.
 Bishop International Airport is in southwestern Flint, and is surrounded by Flint Township to the north, east and west; and Mundy Township to the south.
Jordan Aviation (PSC) is an airline based in Amman, Jordan.
 It operates worldwide charter flights, provides wet lease services to major airlines seeking additional capacity and is also an important provider of air transportation for UN peacekeeping forces.
 Its main base is Queen Alia International Airport (AMM/OJAM), Amman from where it operates its fleet of Wide Body and Narrow Body aircraft.
 In addition it has its own MRO which forms part of is Operations & Technical Centre opened in October 2010.
 Jordan Aviation is an IATA member and an IOSA certificated airline.
 It is also a member of the Arab Air Carriers Organization – AACO, the International Air Carrier Association – IACA and the Flight Safety Foundation – [F
Air 500 Limited was a Canadian airline.
 Founded in 1985 by Dennis Chadala, former Captain, director of marketing and assistant to Carl Millard, of the defunct Millardair.
 The company commenced operations with 1 Super Beech 18 Model E, registered C-FTAE that was purchased from Bradley First Air where it had retired from flying the dew line in Northern Canada.
 The Beech18 was originally purchased new by Timmins Aviation.
 The founder had extensive knowledge of the emergency freight business and the operation of DC3s, Super DCs and DC4 aircraft due to his position within the inner circle at Millardair.
 Dennis Chadala created Air 500 Limited on a shoe string, without financing and was the first airline to receive licensing and an operating certificate at Toronto's Pearson International Airport following deregulation of the aviation industry in Canada in 1985.
 The airline grew rapidly adding an aircraft at the pace of 1 every six months.
 By 1989 it had acquired almost all of the business flying ad hock charter out of Toronto for Chrysler, Ford, GM and many others formerly serviced by his former place of employment at Millardair.
 The young owner's extensive knowledge of this niche area of aviation enabled him to expand rapidly and capture that market segment.
 At the time, Air 500 was an exceptional success story operating 3 Super Beech 18 aircraft, 2 Cessna 310s, 1 DC3, 1 Super DC(C117), 1 Piper Cheyenne and 1 Mitsubishi MU2 Marquise.
 In the early nineties, the fleet continued to grow adding 2 more Mitsubishi MU2 aircraft, 2 Citation 500 business jets and 1 Citation 2 business jet.
 In 1995 the airport was privatized and came under the direction and control of the GTAA (Greater Toronto Airport Authority) and Dennis Chadala simultaneously acquired Hangar #7, the newest hangar facility at the north end of the Pearson Airport off Derry Road with 40 years remaining on the current land lease.
 Air 500 had contracts in the courier industry, Air Ambulance Services and Aircraft Management as well as a base of operations at the Esso Avitat in Ottawa where 2 Mitsubishi Marquise MU2 aircraft were stationed.
 One was flying an exclusive long term contract for Nordion (formerly Atomic Energy of Canada) flying radio active isotopes to numerous destinations in the United States for medical purposes as a well a designated charter aircraft.
 Hangar #7 was large enough to lease out one half the facility to Air 500 Limited and the other half to Execaire/Innotech Aviation and they remained tenants of the hangar owned by Dennis Chadala until November 1998, at which time Execaire/Innotech owned by the IMP Group out of Halifax Nova Scotia struct a deal with Dennis Chadala to purchase his hangar facility, all his aircraft and the operating airline Air 500 Limited.
 Dennis Chadala stayed on with the company during a short transition period that ended in February 1999.
 Air 500 was amalgamated into Execaire and became part of that operating group taking advantage of the synergies available to them.
Eagle Aviation France was a charter airline based in Saint-Nazaire, France.
 Its wet lease operations were based in Paris at Charles de Gaulle Airport.
Cargo 360 was a cargo airline based in Seattle, Washington, USA.
 It specialised in ACMI (Aircraft, Crew, Maintenance, and Insurance) wet lease operations.
 Its main headquarters was Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
