Wells Fargo & Company is an American international banking and financial services holding company headquartered in San Francisco, California, with "hubquarters" throughout the country.
 It is the world's second-largest bank by market capitalization and the third largest bank in the U.S. by assets.
 In July 2015, Wells Fargo became the world's largest bank by market capitalization, edging past ICBC, before slipping behind JP Morgan Chase in September 2016, in the wake of a scandal involving the creation of over 2 million fake bank accounts by Wells Fargo employees.
 Wells Fargo surpassed Citigroup Inc. to become the third-largest U.S. bank by assets at the end of 2015.
 Wells Fargo is the second-largest bank in deposits, home mortgage servicing, and debit cards.
 The firm's primary U.S. operating subsidiary is national bank Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., which designates its main office as Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
Wachovia Securities was the trade name of Wachovia's retail brokerage and institutional capital markets and investment banking subsidiaries.
 Following Wachovia's merger with Wells Fargo and Company on December 31, 2008, the retail brokerage became Wells Fargo Advisors on May 1, 2009 and the institutional capital markets and investment banking group became Wells Fargo Securities on July 6, 2009.
The Wells Fargo Tower [formerly First National Bank Tower] is a skyscraper located on 506 Main Street in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
 It opened in 1962 and was originally planned to be only 7 stories tall.
 The final height of the tower is 120 ft and is 10 stories tall above ground, plus a basement floor below ground.
 Wells Fargo bought the building in 2001 and renamed it, after acquiring First National Bank's parent company.
 The building has 3 elevators (originally Otis, modernized by Dover); there are restrooms on every floor but the lobby and basement.
 The building is currently up for sale by its owner, Wells Fargo.
Wells Fargo Rail is the new name for the historic First Union Rail Corporation, along with the combined business of the former GE Capital Rail Services, which Wells Fargo purchased from GE in September 2015.
 The new company/name took effect January 1, 2016, and is based in Rosemont, Illinois, USA.
 Wells Fargo Rail is the largest railcar and locomotive leasing company in North America with over 175,000 railcars and 1,800 locomotives available.
The Wells Fargo and Company Express Building was built "circa" 1877 in Silver Reef, Utah.
 It is one of three surviving structures in Silver Reef, which is now a ghost town.
 The building housed the offices of the Wells Fargo Company.
 The structure was built by local masons George Brooks and Ira McMullin of local red sandstone, with finished ashlar masonry by Brooks in the front and coursed rubble stone by McMullin on the other three sides.
 A parapet surrounds the single-slope roof on the front and sides.
 The main level is divided into two equal-sized rooms, each with two front entrances and a rear entrance, with a vault on one side.
 The basement does not connect to the upper levels.
 It was used as a stable.
 The Wells Fargo building was used as a mine supply store in the late 19th century, then for a time as the residence of the Colbath family.
 Its last use was as offices for the Western Gold and Uranium Company, who added a rear porch structure.
 The building is owned by Washington County.
The Wells Fargo Building,formerly known as the Wells Fargo Bank Center, is a commercial and financial skyscraper in Augusta, Georgia, in the United States.
 After its completion, the building was the tallest building in Augusta from 1967 to 1976, when the Lamar Building surpassed it due to the completion of the penthouse.
 Today, it is the third tallest building in the city.
 The building's exterior surface is made completely in aluminum steel glass.
 At the time of its completion, the building was named the Georgia Railroad Bank & Trust.
 In 1989, the building's name was changed to the Wachovia Bank Center, making it the official headquarters of Wachovia in the eastern part of Georgia and the Central Savannah River Area.
 In 2008, the building's name was changed again to the Wells Fargo Building.
 It is now the official headquarters of Wells Fargo in the Augusta region.
The Wells Fargo Tower, formerly known as the First Union Signet Tower, Wachovia Tower, and Union Trust Building, is a commercial high-rise in Baltimore, Maryland.
 The building rises 24 floors above street level and is 330 ft in height; it is tied with Charles Center South as the 17th-tallest building in the city.
 The structure was completed in 1985.
 The Wells Fargo Tower was developed by the Dallas-based Trammell Crow Company, and is currently owned by the Wells Fargo and Company.
 The structure is an example of modern architecture, and has a glass, steel and concrete façade.
 The Wachovia Tower rises from the site formerly occupied by the Calvert Building and 7-9 Saint Paul Street.
 The building, formerly housing offices for Wachovia, is now home to the regional office of Wells Fargo and Company.
Timothy J. Sloan (born 1960/61) is an American banker.
 He is the chief executive officer (CEO) of Wells Fargo since October 2016, when he succeeded John Stumpf, having previously been chief operating officer (COO) and president.
The List of Wells Fargo presidents includes those persons who have served as President of Wells Fargo since 1852.
 It includes the presidents of the express mail company from 1852 to 1918 and of the Wells Fargo Bank, which was separated from the express company in 1905 and merged with the Nevada National Bank to form the Wells Fargo Nevada National Bank - the lineal ancestor of the present Wells Fargo Bank.
John Gerard Stumpf (born September 15, 1953) is an American business executive and retail banker.
 He is the former chairman and chief executive officer of Wells Fargo, one of the Big Four banks of the United States.
 He was named CEO in June 2007, elected to the board of directors in June 2006, and named president in August 2005.
 He became chairman in January 2010.
 On October 12, 2016, Stumpf announced his retirement as chairman and CEO of effective immediately, following a scandal involving customer accounts and subsequent pressure from the public and lawmakers.
 He was succeeded by Timothy J. Sloan.
