Friedrich Heinrich Ferdinand Leopold von Forcade de Biaix
Archduke Leopold Salvator, Prince of Tuscany (Leopold Salvator Maria Joseph Ferdinand Franz von Assisi Karl Anton von Padua Johann Baptist Januarius Aloys Gonzaga Rainer Wenzel Galius von Österreich-Toskana) (15 October 1863 – 4 September 1931), was the son of Archduke Karl Salvator of Austria and Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Prince Joseph Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (full name "Joseph Ferdinand Maria Michael Gabriel Raphael Gonzaga"; 21 May 1869 – 13 August 1888), known in Brazil as Dom José Fernando, was a prince of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry.
 Born in Leopoldina Palace, Rio de Janeiro, he was the third son of Prince Ludwig August of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and his wife Princess Leopoldina of Brazil.
 He died in Wiener Neustadt and is buried at St. Augustin, Coburg.
Archduke Friedrich Ferdinand Leopold of Austria (German: "Erzherzog Friedrich Ferdinand Leopold von Österreich" ) (14 May 1821 – 5 October 1847) was a member of the House of Habsburg and Commander-in-Chief of the Austrian Navy.
Archduke Franz Salvator of Austria, in Italian Francesco Salvatore Maria Giuseppe Ferdinando Carlo Leopoldo Antonio di Padova Giovanni Battista Gennaro Lodovico Gonzaga Raniero Benedetto Bernardo, in German Franz Salvator Maria Joseph Ferdinand Karl Leopold Anton von Padua Johann Baptist Januarius Aloys Gonzaga Rainer Benedikt Bernhard (Altmünster, 21 August 1866 – Vienna, 20 April 1939), was a member of the Tuscan branch of the House of Habsburg.
Prince Leopold (Poldi) of Bavaria (German: "Leopold Rupprecht Ludwig Ferdinand Adalbert Friedrich Maria et omnes sancti Prinz von Bayern" ) (born 21 June 1943) is a member of the Bavarian royal house of Wittelsbach and a former champion race car driver.
 He descends from King Ludwig I of Bavaria in direct line and is a distant relative to the current head of the House of Wittelsbach, Franz, Duke of Bavaria and his brother, Maximilian, Duke in Bavaria.
 He also descends from Austrian Emperor Franz Joseph and his wife Elisabeth and from King George II of Great Britain, and is therefore a distant cousin of Elizabeth II.
 As a Roman Catholic he is excluded from the line for the British throne by the Act of Settlement 1701.
 He also descends from Isabella II of Spain, through her daughter, and Leopold´s great-grandmother, María de la Paz.
Joseph Ferdinand Sonnleithner (3 March 1766 – 25 December 1835) was an Austrian librettist, theater director archivist and lawyer.
 He was the son of Christoph Sonnleithner, brother of Ignaz von Sonnleithner and uncle of Franz Grillparzer and Leopold von Sonnleithner.
 He was a personal friend and attorney of Ludwig van Beethoven, and he wrote numerous librettos, among them, Beethoven's stage opera "Fidelio", "Faniska" by Luigi Cherubini and "Agnes Sorel" by Adalbert Gyrowetz.
The Treaty of Den Haag (also known as the Treaty of The Hague or the First Partition Treaty) was signed on October 11, 1698 between England and France.
 The accord attempted to resolve who would inherit the Spanish throne, proposing that Joseph Ferdinand of Bavaria be the heir.
 Moreover, the agreement proposed that Louis, "le Grand Dauphin", would receive Naples, Sicily, Finale, and the ports in Tuscany while Archduke Charles, the younger son of Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I would receive the Spanish Netherlands.
 Leopold, Duke of Lorraine, would take Milan, which in turn ceded Lorraine and Bar to the Dauphin.
The Treaty of London, agreed on March 25, 1700 and sometimes known as the Second Partition Treaty, was an attempt to restore the Pragmatic Sanction following the death of Joseph Ferdinand of Bavaria, which had undermined the First Partition Treaty (the Treaty of Den Haag).
 Under the new Treaty, Archduke Charles (later Emperor Charles VI), the second son of the Emperor Leopold I, was to succeed King Charles II of Spain on his thrones and acquire his oversees colonies.
Joseph Ferdinand Leopold of Bavaria (28 October 1692 – 6 February 1699) was the son of Maximilian II Emanuel, Elector of Bavaria (1679–1705, 1714–1726) and his first wife, Maria Antonia of Austria, daughter of Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor, maternal granddaughter of King Felipe IV of Spain.
