William III of England has been played on screen by Bernard Lee in the 1937 film "The Black Tulip", based on the novel by Alexandre Dumas, père, Henry Daniell in the 1945 film "Captain Kidd", Olaf Hytten in the 1952 film "Against All Flags", Alan Rowe in the 1969 BBC drama series "The First Churchills", Laurence Olivier in the 1986 NBC TV mini-series "Peter the Great", Thom Hoffman in the 1992 film "Orlando", based on the novel by Virginia Woolf, Corin Redgrave in the 1995 film "England, My England", the story of the composer Henry Purcell, Jochum ten Haaf in the 2003 BBC miniseries "", Bernard Hill in the 2005 film "The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse", Russell Pate in the 2008 BBC film "King Billy Above All", Egbert-Jan Weber in the 2015 film "Michiel de Ruyter", George Webster in "Versailles" (2015) and Carl Prekopp in the 2015 premiere of the play "Queen Anne".
Perry Fenwick (born 29 May 1962) is an English film and television actor who currently plays Billy Mitchell in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", a role which he has played since 1998.
Goodbye, Norma Jean is a 1976 film by Larry Buchanan based on the life of Marilyn Monroe.
 Misty Rowe plays the title role.
Hannah Montana: The Movie is a 2009 American teen musical comedy-drama film based on the Disney Channel television series of the same name.
 It was the second theatrical film based on a Disney Channel Original Series, after "The Lizzie McGuire Movie" (2003).
 The film was directed by Peter Chelsom with screenplay penned by Daniel Berendsen.
 The film was produced by David Blocker, Billy Ray Cyrus, Alfred Gough, Miles Millar, Steven Peterman and Michael Poryes.
 The film stars series regulars Miley Cyrus, Billy Ray Cyrus, Emily Osment, Jason Earles, Mitchel Musso, and Moisés Arias, as well as Lucas Till, Vanessa Williams, Margo Martindale, and Melora Hardin.
Charlie St. Cloud is a 2010 American drama film based on Ben Sherwood's best-selling novel, "The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud" published in 2004 by Bantam Books.
 The film is directed by Burr Steers and stars Zac Efron and Amanda Crew.
 The story is of Charlie St. Cloud's choice between keeping a promise he made to his brother, who died in a car accident, or going after the girl he loves.
 In some markets the film used the complete title of the book.
Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas!
 (also known as Good Luck Charlie: The Road Trip Movie in the United Kingdom and Ireland) is a 2011 Christmas film based on the Disney Channel Original Series "Good Luck Charlie".
 The film was directed by Arlene Sanford and written by Geoff Rodkey, and stars Bridgit Mendler, Leigh-Allyn Baker, Bradley Steven Perry, Mia Talerico, Eric Allan Kramer, and Jason Dolley as the Duncan family.
 The Disney Channel Original Movie follows the Duncan family on their road trip to Amy Duncan's parents' house for Christmas.
 It premiered on December 2, 2011 on Disney Channel ten years after Disney Channel's last Christmas-themed original movie, "'Twas the Night" in 2001.
Billy Liar is a 1963 British black-and-white CinemaScope comedy-drama film based on the 1959 novel by Keith Waterhouse.
 Directed by John Schlesinger, it stars Tom Courtenay (who had understudied Albert Finney in the West End theatre adaptation of the novel) as Billy, and Julie Christie as Liz, one of his three girlfriends.
 Mona Washbourne plays Mrs. Fisher, and Wilfred Pickles plays Mr. Fisher.
 Rodney Bewes, Finlay Currie and Leonard Rossiter also feature.
 The Cinemascope photography is by Denys Coop, and Richard Rodney Bennett supplied the score.
Charles John Rowe is an English actor.
 His film roles include Young Tommy in "Never Let Me Go", James in "The Boat That Rocked", Billy Costa in "The Golden Compass" , Peter in the SyFy/Sky Movies Peter Pan prequel "Neverland", and recently played Leo Roth on the Fox medical comedy-drama series "Red Band Society" alongside Octavia Spencer and Dave Annable.
400 Boys is a Canadian/Chinese action-fantasy thriller film directed, written and produced by Alastair Paton and starring Jodelle Ferland, Li Bingbing, Maria Valverde and Charlie Rowe.
Gallery of Fear (2013) is a four-part horror anthology, directed by Alan Rowe Kelly and Anthony G. Summer.
 Kelly also wrote the screenplay for the film based on a story by Doug Smith.
 The film stars Debbie Rochon, Raine Brown, and Susan Adriensen.
 The four segments of the anthology are titled "Critics Choice," "By Her Hand, She Draws You Down," "Down the Drain," and "A Far Cry from Home."
 The film was distributed by Southpaw Pictures and Tiny Core Pictures.
