Manic Hispanic is a punk rock/Chicano rock band from Orange County and Los Angeles, California.
 They are a semi-parodic act that plays cover versions of punk rock and hardcore punk "standards" by slightly renaming songs and adjusting lyrics to address Chicano culture.
 The band's members are all Mexican or part Mexican and use stage names further marking the Mexican/Chicano image of the band.
 Manic Hispanic is a punk supergroup made up of former and/or current members of The Adolescents, The Grabbers, Punk Rock Karaoke, The X-Members, 22 Jacks, Final Conflict, Agent Orange, Death by Stereo and The Cadillac Tramps.
G.a.s. Drummers was a melodic hardcore band formed in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain at the end of 1997 by three teenagers who stood out from their other students due to their colourful hair dies and their taste in the california punk rock bands such as Bad Religion, Operation Ivy, NOFX, Lagwagon, The Descendents etc.
 Original members from other small local bands Dani Llamas (guitar and vocals), Pakomoto (Bass and vocals) and Rafa Camison (Drums) started playing together and composing their own music and after one year of sending demos around the country they got put as the opening act for Swedish Punk Rock band Randy on their Spanish tour.
 A tour that took the band through the whole country helping a lot of Spanish kids discover that there were actually Spanish bands capable of sounding as good as some of their favorite American bands.
 This lead immediately the band to sign to a young record label called Slide Chorus Records a young emerging record label from Madrid which would start releasing albums for other Spanish Punk Rock bands.
 This first release titled Proud To Be Nothing hit the streets at the end of 1999 and was presented on their first European tour which covered Spain, Great Britain, France and the Netherlands amongst Spanish punk rock legend[P.P.M.
Area 12 is a melodic punk rock band from Bogotá, Colombia.
 The band was founded in 1998 as a school project.
 They started out playing in small bars and venues in Bogotá.
 It was not an easy start, full of adversity.
 They contributed meaningfully to the creation of a Punk Rock scene in the city.
 They are considered to be one of the pioneer bands of Colombian punk rock.
 Their influences include punk rock, melodic punk, Latin punk and hard core punk.
 They have been strongly influenced by bands such as NOFX and Bad Religion.
 They have reached a mature and diverse sound over the years, creating their own lyric and musical style.
 They have performed with bands such as Ska-p, Die toten hosen, MxPx, Voodoo Glow Skulls and Joey Cape from Lagwagon.
Dwarves is an American punk rock band formed in Chicago, Illinois, as The Suburban Nightmare, in the mid-1980s.
 They are currently based in San Francisco, California.
 Formed as a garage punk band, their career subsequently saw them move in a hardcore direction before settling into an eclectic punk rock sound emphasizing intentionally shocking lyrics.
 They have been described as "one of the last true bastions of punk rock ideology in the contemporary musical age".
Stratford Mercenaries were an English punk rock band that was formed in late 1995 by Gary "Gazzer" Buckley from the punk band Dirt and Ed "Eddafed" Addley from the punk band Suicidal Supermarket Trolleys.
 The band was joined by Steve Ignorant from the punk rock band Crass and Phil Barker from the punk rock band the Buzzcocks in early 1996.
Darby Crash (formerly Bobby Pyn; born Jan Paul Beahm; September 26, 1958 – December 7, 1980) was an American punk rock vocalist and songwriter who, along with long-time friend Pat Smear (born Georg Ruthenberg), co-founded the punk rock band the Germs.
 He committed suicide by way of an intentional heroin overdose.
 In the years since his suicide at the age of 22, the Germs have attained legendary status among punk rock fans and musicians alike, as well as from the wider alternative rock and underground music community in general.
 Crash has come to be revered as a unique and talented songwriter; his myriad literary, musical and philosophical influences, which varied from Friedrich Nietzsche and David Bowie to Charles Manson and Adolf Hitler, resulted in lyrics that were unusually wordy and impressionistic in the realm of punk rock at the time, immediately setting Crash and his band apart from most other Los Angeles punk groups that sprang up in the late 1970s.
Rancid is an American punk rock band formed in Berkeley, California in 1991.
 Founded by 1980s punk veterans Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman, who previously played in the highly influential ska punk band Operation Ivy, Rancid is often credited (along with Green Day and The Offspring) for reviving mainstream interest in punk rock in the United States and bringing punk rock into the mainstream during the mid-1990s.
 Over their 26 -year career, Rancid remained signed to an independent record label and retained much of its original fan-base, most of which was connected to its underground roots.
Scotty Wilkins is an American punk rock singer and musician.
 Wilkins is most widely known as the singer for the Los Angeles punk rock band Hollywood Hate and previously, San Francisco punk rock band, Verbal Abuse.
 In the mid 1990s, Wilkins joined New York band, Electric Frankenstein.
 Wilkins' first serious band that toured was called Condemned to Death.
 His first attempt at being in a band was with local group, The Lonerz.
Fear of a Punk Planet is the third album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals, originally released in 1990 by Triple X Records.
 It was their first album to include the lineup of Dave Quackenbush, Warren Fitzgerald, Joe Escalante and Josh Freese, solidifying the band's roster after several years of fluctuation.
 This lineup would remain intact for the rest of the band's career, and for this reason "Fear of a Punk Planet" is considered by many fans to be the first proper album by the "new" Vandals.
 The album returned the band to their punk rock sound, after having played mostly in a country style on their previous album "Slippery When Ill".
 The band would stick to a punk rock formula throughout the rest of their career.
 The album's title called to mind the rap album "Fear of a Black Planet" by Public Enemy, released that same year.
 It featured guest appearances by Dweezil and Moon Unit Zappa, Scott Thunes and Kelsey Grammer.
 An independent music video was filmed for the album's first track, "Pizza Tran."
Punks Not Dead is the debut studio album by the Scottish punk rock band The Exploited, released in April 1981 on Secret Records.
 Strongly working class and loyal to the first impulses of the 1970s punk movement, the album was a reaction to critics who believed the punk rock genre was dead, and went against popular trends such as new wave and post-punk.
 The album – and especially the title track – is a reaction to the punk rock band Crass' song "Punk is Dead".
 It contains the double A side singles "Army Life/Fuck the Mods" and the later follow up "I Believe in Anarchy".
 "Army Life" details the experiences of Wattie Buchan when he was a 17-year-old squaddie on a tour of duty in Belfast in the 1970s.
