Ely Samuel Parker (1828 – August 31, 1895), (born Hasanoanda, later known as "Donehogawa") was a Seneca attorney, engineer, and tribal diplomat.
 He was commissioned a lieutenant colonel during the American Civil War, when he served as adjutant to Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant.
 He wrote the final draft of the Confederate surrender terms at Appomattox.
 Later in his career, Parker rose to the rank of brevet brigadier general.
 President Grant appointed him as Commissioner of Indian Affairs, the first Native American to hold that post.
The Samuel Parker House is a historic house at 132 West Street in Reading, Massachusetts.
 The front, gambrel-roofed portion of this house, was probably built in the mid-1790s, and the house as a whole reflects a vernacular Georgian-Federal style.
 The house is noted for a succession of working-class owners (of which Samuel Parker, a cooper, was one).
 Its most notable resident was Carrie Belle Kenney, one of the earliest female graduates of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The Parker–Hutchinson Farm is a historic farm property on Parker Bridge Road in Coventry, Connecticut.
 It includes the Samuel Parker House which dates from 1850.
 The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The listing included an 8 acre area with a "Cape" farmhouse, and a number of outbuildings, including a horse barn, a sheep barn, and a shed.
 There also are foundations of former buildings.
Samuel Parker, known as Kamuela Parker (June 23, 1853 – March 19, 1920) was a major landowner and businessman on the island of Hawaii, heir to the Parker Ranch estate.
 He was also a leading political figure at a critical time of the history of the Kingdom of Hawaii, serving in its last cabinet.
Samuel Parker (August 17, 1744 – December 6, 1804) was an American Episcopal Bishop.
 He was the second bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts.
The 21st Century King James Version is a minor update of the King James Version which stays true to the Textus Receptus and does not delete Bible passages based on Alexandrian Greek manuscripts.
 However, unlike the New King James Version, it does not alter the language significantly from the 1611 King James Version, retaining Jacobean grammar (including "thee" and "thou"), but it does attempt to replace some of the vocabulary which might no longer make sense to a modern reader.
 The reader should notice almost no difference from reading the King James Version except that certain archaic words have been replaced with words that are more understandable.
 The translation is directed towards readers who are looking for a very conservative King James update, but who would like to reduce the need to use a dictionary to look up obsolete words.
Samuel Parker (1806–1886) was an American pioneer of the Oregon Country, in what was to become the state of Oregon.
 Parker would later participate in the legislatures of the provisional, territorial, and state governments of Oregon.
Cellach I is traditionally said to have been the first Bishop of the Scots (fl.
 878x889-906x), the bishopric later based at St. Andrews.
 He is mentioned in the historical writings of Walter Bower and Andrew of Wyntoun as a bishop of St. Andrews, but no pre-15th century sources say anything more than merely "Bishop".
 Wyntoun and Bower make him bishop as early as the reign of King Giric of Scotland (877x878-885x889).
 He was still bishop in the reign of King Causantín II of Scotland in 906 when, "in his sixth year king Causantín and bishop Cellach upon the hill of credulity near the royal city of Scone, pledged themselves that the laws and disciplines of the faith, and the rights in churches and gospels, should be kept in conformity with the [customs of the] Gaels".
 One interpretation of this passage is the demise of the "Pictish church" to the reforming Gaels, however it is certain that by the 15th century the bishop-list of the principal Scottish see was looking back at Cellach as its first bishop.
 His death date is unknown, but unsurprisingly he was certainly dead by the 960s when his successor Fothad I died as bishop.
The Barony of Bannockburn is a Scottish feudal barony located in the historical county of Stirlingshire.
 The first barons of Bannockburn were from the Sandilands and Vere families, descendants of a man named James who around 1348 had been granted the territory of Sandilands, Lesmahagow Lanarkshire, taking the territorial name as his surname.
 He was also later granted the barony of Calder near Edinburgh.
 The link of the Sandilands to Bannockburn was established on 14 July 1489, when King James IV confirmed James Sandelands of Calder and his wife Margaret Kerr his wife in the lands of Bannockburn.
 By 7 July 1509, James Calder had transferred Bannockburn to his son.
 On that date, King James IV confirmed a charter by Sir James Sandelands of Calder granting various lands including the barony of Ouchterbannok alias Bannockburn to his son James Sandelands.
 On 23 August 1510, King James IV granted Sir James Sandelands of Caldour (nephew of Sir James Sandelands and his wife Mariota Forrester), various lands including the lands and barony of Bannockburn.
 Robert De Vere the 6th.
 Earl of Oxford accompanied Edward the 2nd.
 on his campaign which culminated in defeat by the victorious King Robert the Bruce at the Battle of Bannockburn on the 23rd and 24th.
 of June 1314.
 It is by a quirk of fate that the barony of Bannockburn was granted to the Sandilands as they were close relatives to the senior Scottish branch of the Veres both in blood and territorial location their estates in Lanarkshire being contiguous.
Samuel Parker (1640 – 21 March 1688) was an English churchman, of strong Erastian views and a fierce opponent of Dissenters.
 His political position is often compared with that of Thomas Hobbes, but there are also clear differences; he was also called in his time a Latitudinarian, but this is not something on which modern scholars are agreed.
 During the reign of King James II he served as Bishop of Oxford, and was considered by James to be a moderate in his attitude to Catholics.
