The Sneetches were an American indie pop/power pop band formed in San Francisco, California, United States, in 1985, who released several albums before splitting up in the mid-1990s.
 The band was described by "Trouser Press" as "one of the most tasteful, consistently tuneful pop bands on the American scene".
 In 2017 All Music described and Sneetches as "one of the best classic guitar pop bands in the late '80s/early '90s."
Dancing with the Stars is a Greek reality show airing on ANT1 (premiered on 28 March 2010) and filmed live in Athens.
 The show is based on the United Kingdom BBC Television series "Strictly Come Dancing" and is part of BBC Worldwide's "Dancing with the Stars" franchise.
 The theme song is "It's personal" performed by Swedish indie pop band The Radio Dept.
The Radio Dept. is a dream pop band from Lund, Sweden signed to Labrador Records.
Lesser Matters is the 2003 debut of Swedish pop group The Radio Dept. It received rave reviews, achieving 'universal acclaim' status from Metacritic, and was ranked the 9th best album of 2004 by "NME" magazine.
 It received favorable reviews from "UNCUT", "Mojo" and "Q Magazine" with a rating of 84/100 on Metacritic.
Shelflife Records is a Portland and San Francisco based independent record label run by Ed Mazzucco and Matthew Bice and has produced such bands as Days, Acid House Kings, and The Radio Dept.
Letting Up Despite Great Faults is an American indie pop/dream pop group founded in 2006 by Los Angeles native Mike Lee, who currently resides with the rest of the band in Austin, TX.
 Pitchfork has dubbed them "shoegaze-y indie pop."
 Rolling Stone and Canada's Exclaim!
 have compared them to The Postal Service, while the consensus in the blogosphere has been more M83 and The Radio Dept. The name stems from Blonde Redhead's song "Loved Despite of Great Faults."
 One of their first songs, "Disasters Are Okay," appeared on the television show One Tree Hill.
 In 2011 their single, "Teenage Tide," appeared on 90210.
Blekingska Nationen (Province of Blekinge student community) was founded in 1697 and is today one of Lund University's leading student nations concentrating on musical activities.
 The emphasis is on alternative music, and several well-known bands have performed on their stage.
 These include The Cardigans, Alphaville, bob hund, The Soundtrack of Our Lives, Broder Daniel, The Ark, The Hives, Spearmint, Bad Cash Quartet, Jens Lekman, Ballboy, My Favorite, The Radio Dept., The Hidden Cameras, The Knife and Moneybrother.
Dancing with the Stars is a Greek reality show airing on ANT1 and filmed live in Athens.
 The show is based on the United Kingdom BBC Television series "Strictly Come Dancing" and is part of BBC Worldwide's "Dancing with the Stars" franchise.
 The theme song is "It's personal" performed by Swedish indie pop band The Radio Dept.
 The first season of the show was in spring 2010.
The discography of Swedish indie pop group, The Radio Dept. consists of three studio albums, four extended plays, ten singles and one compilation album.
 The Radio Dept. was formed in 1995 by Johan Duncanson, although they did not start recording until 2001.
 They were signed to Labrador Records the same year and have stayed with the label since.
 The band's lineup has changed over the years until it settled on the trio of Johan Duncanson and Martin Carlberg, with Daniel Tjäder on keyboards.
Dancing with the Stars is a Greek reality show airing on ANT1 and filming live in Athens.
 The show is based on the United Kingdom BBC Television series "Strictly Come Dancing" and is part of BBC Worldwide's "Dancing with the Stars" franchise.
 The theme song was "It's personal" performed by Swedish indie pop band The Radio Dept.
