Regina Schlick née Strinasacchi (c. 1761 - June 11, 1839) was a violin virtuoso and guitarist in a time when women rarely performed on the violin in public.
 She knew Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart well enough that he composed the Sonata in B flat for Violin and Keyboard, "Strinasacchi," (K. 454) at her request.
Franz Xaver Pecháček (4 July 1793 in Vienna – 15 September 1840 in Karlsruhe) was an Austrian-German violin virtuoso and composer of Bohemian origin.
 Besides polonaises, variations, Rondos and potpourris for violin and orchestra, he composed two string quartets and the "Adagio et Polonaise" for clarinet and orchestra.
Tzigane is a rhapsodic composition by the French composer Maurice Ravel.
 It was commissioned by and dedicated to Hungarian violinist Jelly d'Arányi, great-niece of the influential violin virtuoso Joseph Joachim.
 The original instrumentation was for violin and piano (with optional luthéal attachment).
 The first performance took place in London on April 26, 1924 with the dedicatee on violin and with Henri Gil-Marchex at the piano (with luthéal).
Niccolò (or Nicolò) Paganini (] ; 27 October 178227 May 1840) was an Italian violinist, violist, guitarist, and composer.
 He was the most celebrated violin virtuoso of his time, and left his mark as one of the pillars of modern violin technique.
 His 24 Caprices for Solo Violin Op. 1 are among the best known of his compositions, and have served as an inspiration for many prominent composers.
Michael Christian Festing (29 November 1705 – 24 July 1752) was an English violinist and composer.
 His reputation lies mostly on his work as a violin virtuoso.
Albert Markov (born May 8, 1933, Ukraine) is a Russian American violinist, whose son is violin virtuoso Alexander Markov.
Franz "Schnuckenack" Reinhardt (17 February 1921 – 15 April 2006) was a gypsy jazz musician (violinist), composer and interpreter.
 He was considered the "great violin virtuoso of Sinti music."
 He was a German Sinto; his music was mostly published and categorized under the contemporary names gypsy jazz or "Musik deutscher Zigeuner" (music of German gypsies).
 He "made this music accessible to a broad public" and made the most significant contribution to the presentation of gypsy music and jazz in Germany into a concert form.
 He was the pioneer of this style of music in Germany and directly or indirectly inspired many of the succeeding generation of gypsy jazz players in that country, as well as preserving on record a great many folkloric and gypsy compositions for future generations.
Grigoraș Ionică Dinicu (] ; April 3, 1889 – March 28, 1949) was a Romanian violin virtuoso and composer.
 He is most famous for his often-played virtuoso violin showpiece "Hora staccato" (1906) and for making popular the tune Ciocârlia, composed by his grandfather Angheluș Dinicu for "nai" (the Romanian pan flute).
 It is rumored that Jascha Heifetz once said that Grigoraș Dinicu was the greatest violinist he had ever heard.
 In the 1930s he was involved in the political movement of the Romanian Roma and was made honorary president of the "General Union of the Romanian Roma".
 Other well known compositions are: "Hora mărțișorului" ("Mărțișor", literally "little March", is a major Romanian seasonal holiday on March 1st), "Ceasornicul" ("The Clock") and "Căruța poștei" ("The Post Wagon").
Jean Baptiste Senaillé (23 November 1687 in Paris – 15 October 1730 idem) was a French born Baroque composer and violin virtuoso.
 His father was a member of Les Vingt-quatre Violons du Roi.
 Senaillé studied under Jean-Baptiste Anet, Giovanni Antonio Piani and in Italy under Tomaso Antonio Vitali and imported Italian musical techniques and pieces into the French court.
 He wrote around 50 violin sonatas.
 He is most well known for a fast 2/4 movement from one of these sonatas, "Allegro Spiritoso", which has had versions published transcribed for a wide variety of instruments, from violoncello to bassoon to euphonium.
Alessandro Rolla (] ; 22 April 175715 September 1841) was an Italian viola and violin virtuoso, composer, conductor and teacher.
 His son, Antonio Rolla, was also a violin virtuoso and composer.
