Hurricane: Category 5 was a Custom Coasters International wooden roller coaster located at the Myrtle Beach Pavilion.
 It replaced the Corkscrew roller coaster which existed since the late 1970s.
 The Pavilion unveiled their multimillion-dollar coaster May 6, 2000.
 During operation, Hurricane held the record for being the tallest, fastest, and longest wooden roller coaster in South Carolina.
 The ride closed with the Pavilion on September 30, 2006.
 Although Burroughs & Chapin attempted to sell the ride along with the Haunted Hotel, Log Flume, Treasure Hunt, and a few other rides, the ride was deemed too expensive a task to dismantle and relocate, and was ultimately demolished in March 2007.
 The only part of the ride not demolished were the two Gerstlauer trains used on the ride.
 These trains were shipped to Kings Island, an amusement park in Mason, Ohio.
 They were then repainted and installed on Son of Beast, which was at the time the world's tallest and fastest wooden roller coaster.
 Son of Beast was later demolished on November 20, 2012, following an incident that occurred in 2009.
Fujiyama is a steel roller coaster at Fuji-Q Highland, Fujiyoshida, Yamanashi, Japan.
 When Fujiyama opened in 1996 it was the world's tallest roller coaster at 259 ft , and had the largest drop in the world at 230 ft .
 Fujiyama was also the world's fastest roller coaster for a year of its operation, succeeded by Tower of Terror at Dreamworld theme park in Queensland, Australia in 1997.
 Despite being the world's fastest roller coaster in operation for a year, Fujiyama set no world records for roller coaster speed.
 Steel Phantom at Kennywood set the world record for speed before engineers added additional brakes to slow the ride down because of safety and rider comfort concerns.
Tatsu is a steel flying roller coaster designed by Bolliger & Mabillard at the Six Flags Magic Mountain amusement park located in Valencia, California, United States.
 Announced on November 17, 2005, the roller coaster opened to the public on May 13, 2006 as the park's seventeenth roller coaster.
 Tatsu reaches a height of 170 ft and speeds up to 62 mph .
 The ride's name means "Flying Beast" in Japanese.
 The roller coaster is also the world's tallest and fastest flying coaster; is the only flying roller coaster to feature a zero-gravity roll; and has the world's highest pretzel loop.
 It was the world's longest flying coaster until The Flying Dinosaur surpassed it.
Skyscraper is an upcoming roller coaster that will be located at the planned Skyplex complex in Orlando, Florida.
 Under development by American and Swiss manufacturers US Thrill Rides and Intamin, the attraction will be a Polercoaster model which utilizes an observation tower as its main support structure.
 After several delays, Skyscraper is expected to open in 2020 with construction on the Skyplex complex beginning in 2017.
 Upon completion, it will become the tallest roller coaster in the world at over 500 ft and will feature both the steepest drop and highest inversion.
Magnum XL-200, colloquially known as simply Magnum, is a steel roller coaster built by Arrow Dynamics at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio.
 When built in 1989, it was the tallest, fastest, and steepest complete-circuit roller coaster in the world as well as the first hypercoaster – a roller coaster that exceeds 200 ft in height.
 Some have credited Magnum with starting a period in the industry known as the "roller coaster wars", in which amusement parks competed with one another at a rapid pace to build the next tallest and fastest roller coaster.
 More than 40 million people had ridden Magnum as of 2009.
Leviathan is a steel roller coaster in the Medieval Faire section of the park at Canada's Wonderland in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada.
 It is the first roller coaster designed by Swiss firm Bolliger & Mabillard to exceed a height of 300 ft , putting it in a class of roller coasters commonly referred to as "giga".
 At 5486 ft long, 306 ft tall, and with a top speed of 92 mph , Leviathan is the tallest and fastest roller coaster in Canada.
 s of 2015 , Leviathan is ranked as the eighth-tallest, and the eighth-fastest roller coaster in the world, and the third-tallest traditional lift-style coaster in the world.
 It was the 16th roller coaster to be built at Canada's Wonderland, and the ride's track was completed in February 2012, with the first test run being completed on 15 March 2012.
 The coaster opened to season pass holders on 27 April 2012, and to the general public on 6 May 2012.
The Cyclone was a wooden roller coaster that operated at Revere Beach in Revere, Massachusetts, from 1925 until 1969.
 When Cyclone was constructed, it was the tallest roller coaster ever built, as well as being the first roller coaster in the world to reach 100 ft in height.
 In addition to being the tallest roller coaster of its day, some also claim that it was the largest and fastest roller coaster in the world, with a length of 3600 ft and top speeds between 45 and 50 mph (some dispute the speed record claim and instead award that honor to the Giant Dipper).
 Cyclone held the title of world's tallest roller coaster until 1964 when it was surpassed by Montaña Rusa at La Feria Chapultepec Mágico in Mexico City, Mexico.
White Cyclone (ホワイトサイクロン , Howaito Saikuron ) is a wooden roller coaster at Nagashima Spa Land in Mie Prefecture, Japan.
 At 1700 m in length, White Cyclone is the third longest wooden roller coaster in the world, and is the longest wooden roller coaster outside of the United States.
 Despite its length, White Cyclone is still considerably shorter than the 2479 m Steel Dragon 2000, the world's longest steel roller coaster, which is also at Nagashima Spa Land.
 In addition to being the third longest wooden roller coaster, White Cyclone is the seventh tallest wooden roller coaster in the world and the fourth tallest wooden roller coaster outside the United States.
 A single ride on the White Cyclone costs ¥1,000 (approximately $9 USD), and the ride is restricted to those individuals above 1.3 m in height; and those individuals under 54 years of age.
Moonsault Scramble was a shuttle roller coaster that operated from 1983 until 2000 at Fuji-Q Highland amusement park in Fujiyoshida, Yamanashi, Japan.
 According to the "Guinness Book of Records", Moonsault Scramble was the tallest roller coaster in the world until 1996, when its record height was surpassed by another roller coaster at Fuji-Q Highland called Fujiyama, which reached 79 m in height.
 Moonsault Scramble was the first roller coaster to surpass 61 metres (200 ft) in height, and it remains the third tallest shuttle roller coaster ever built, behind (Six Flags Magic Mountain), and Tower of Terror II (Dreamworld) The coaster was removed from the park to make way for the construction of Dodonpa in 2001.
Millennium Force is a steel roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio, United States.
 It was the fourteenth roller coaster to be built at the park since Blue Streak opened in 1964.
 Upon completion in 2000, Millennium Force broke six world records and was the world's first Giga Coaster, a roller coaster that exceeds 300 ft in height and completes a full circuit.
 It was briefly the tallest and fastest in the world until Steel Dragon 2000 opened later the same year.
 The ride is also the third-longest roller coaster in North America after The Beast at Kings Island and Fury 325 at Carowinds.
 It was the first roller coaster to use a cable lift system rather than a traditional chain lift.
 The coaster has a 310 ft , 45-degree lift hill with a 300 ft drop and features two tunnels, three overbanked turns, and four hills.
 It has a top speed of 93 mph .
