Linchuan District () is the only district the city of Fuzhou, Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.
Nelumbo nucifera, also known as Indian lotus, sacred lotus, bean of India, Egyptian bean or simply lotus, is one of two extant species of aquatic plant in the family Nelumbonaceae.
 The Linnaean binomial "Nelumbo nucifera" (Gaertn.
) is the currently recognized name for this species, which has been classified under the former names, "Nelumbium speciosum" (Willd.
) and "Nymphaea nelumbo", among others.
 (These names are obsolete synonyms and should be avoided in current works.)
 This plant is an aquatic perennial.
 Under favorable circumstances its seeds may remain viable for many years, with the oldest recorded lotus germination being from that of seeds 1,300 years old recovered from a dry lakebed in northeastern China.
List of defunct railway companies in Japan lists defunct Japanese railway operators.
 The list includes all types of railways, such as handcars, horsecars, trams, light railways, heavy rails, freight rails, industrial railways, monorails, new transit systems, or funiculars.
 Some companies are still active in other businesses, such as bus operation.
 Translated names might be tentative.
 "Former names" include those of preceding operators not directly related to their successors.
Chicago-Read Mental Health Center (CRMHC, often called simply Read) is a state-run inpatient JCAHO-accredited psychiatric facility with between 150 and 200 beds located in the neighborhood of Dunning on the northwest side of the city of Chicago close to O'Hare International Airport in the state of Illinois.
 It has served the adult residents of Chicago under various names since 1854 as a repository for the mentally ill and destitute and as an alternative to incarceration for mentally ill offenders.
 Its former names have included the Chicago State Hospital and the Charles F. Read Zone Center; in 1885, it was called The County Insane Asylum and Infirmary.
 Originally, it was simply known as "Dunning" though "Dunning" officially closed on June 30, 1912, and reopened the next day as Chicago State Hospital.
 Much later, it became the Chicago-Read Mental Health Center.
This is a list of former (or historical) Serbian language exonyms for towns and villages in the Vojvodina region of Serbia.
 List includes former names of modern settlements as well as names of former settlements that either ceased to exist either were joined with other settlements.
This list contains former names used by the Oregon Department of Transportation and predecessors for state highways.
 It includes former names for current state highways and roads that are no longer state highways.
Safranbolu (Greek: Σαφράμπολις, "Saframpolis" ) is a town and district of Karabük Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.
 It is about 9 km north of the city of Karabük, 200 km north of Ankara and about 100 km south of the Black Sea coast.
 The town's historic names in Greek were "Theodoroupolis" (Θεοδωρούπολις, i.e. city of Theodorus or female Theodora) and later "Saframpolis" (Σαφράμπολις).
 Its former names in Turkish were "Zalifre" and "Taraklıborlu".
 It was part of Kastamonu Province until 1923 and Zonguldak Province between 1923 and 1995.
Toyota District (豊田郡 , Toyota-gun ) is a former district located in the former Sanuki Province (now Kagawa Prefecture), Japan.
 Former names for Toyota include Katta District (刈田郡 , Katta-gun ) and Karita District (苅田郡 , Karita-gun ) .
 From the Meiji period onward, it was part of Kagawa Prefecture.
 Toyota District was dissolved by being incorporated into the neighboring Mitoyo District.
Muntz Street is the popular name of a former association football stadium situated in the Small Heath district of Birmingham, England, taken from the street on which it stood.
 During its lifetime the ground was known as Coventry Road; the name "Muntz Street" is a more recent adoption.
 It was the ground at which the teams of Birmingham City F.C. – under the club's former names of Small Heath Alliance, Small Heath and Birmingham – played their home games for nearly 30 years.
 It also served as the headquarters of the Small Heath Athletic Club.
Nelumbo lutea is a species of flowering plant in the monotypic family Nelumbonaceae.
 Common names include American lotus, yellow lotus, water-chinquapin, and volée.
 It is native to North America.
 The Linnaean binomial "Nelumbo lutea" (Willd.
) is the currently recognized name for this species, which has been classified under the former names "Nelumbium luteum" and "Nelumbo pentapetala", among others.
