Journey's End is a British film adaptation of the play "Journey's End" by R. C. Sherriff.
 Written by Simon Reade and directed by Saul Dibb, this is the fifth film adaptation of the play, following "Journey's End" (1930), "The Other Side" (1931), "Aces High" (1976) and a 1988 BBC TV film.
 The film was screened in the Special Presentations section at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival.
Esther "Essie" Davis (born January 7, 1970) is an Australian actress.
 She is best known for her roles as Phryne Fisher in "Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries" and Amelia Vanek in "The Babadook".
 Other major work has included a recurring role in season six of the TV series "Game of Thrones", and a role as Elizabeth Woodville in the TV series "The White Princess", an adaptation of Philippa Gregory's historical novel.
Mônica e Cebolinha: No Mundo de Romeu e Julieta (Brazilian Portuguese for "Monica and Jimmy Five: In the World of Romeo & Juliet") is a film adaptation of Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare, starring Monica's Gang.
 It was originally staged at theater in 1978 with a comic and LP adaptation out in the same year.
 In 1979 the feature film adaptation of the play was released, filmed in Ouro Preto, as a special for the Children's Day on Rede Bandeirantes.
 Along with "A Rádio do Chico Bento", is one of the two films inspired by Mauricio de Sousa characters completely done in live-action.
Mystery of Edwin Drood is a 1935 American mystery-drama film directed by Stuart Walker and starring Claude Rains in the role of the villainous John Jasper.
 It is the third film adaptation and first sound film version of Charles Dickens's unfinished novel of the same name.
 Filmed by Universal Pictures, it co-stars Douglass Montgomery and Valerie Hobson (the future Estella of David Lean's 1946 "Great Expectations"), and featured David Manners as Edwin Drood.
 Stuart Walker had previously directed a little-known 1934 film adaptation of "Great Expectations".
 The film's script provides an ending to the original unfinished novel, solving the mystery of the fate of Edwin Drood.
Hamlet, also known as Le Duel d'Hamlet, is a 1900 French film adaptation of an excerpt from the William Shakespeare play "Hamlet".
 It is believed to have been the earliest film adaptation of the play, and starred actress Sarah Bernhardt in the lead role.
 It was directed by Clément Maurice.
 The film is two minutes in length.
 It also was one of the first films to employ the newly discovered art of pre-recording the actors' voices, then playing the recording simultaneous to the playing of the film.
 So, while produced during the silent film era, the film is technically not a silent film.
Treasure Island is a 1920 silent film adaptation of the novel by Robert Louis Stevenson, directed by Maurice Tourneur, and released by Paramount Pictures.
 Lon Chaney played two different key roles in this production.
 Charles Ogle, who had played Frankenstein's Monster in the first filmed version of "Frankenstein" a decade earlier at Edison Studios, portrayed Long John Silver.
A Connecticut Yankee is a 1931 American Pre-Code film adaptation of Mark Twain's 1889 novel, "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court".
 It was directed by David Butler to a script by William M. Conselman, Owen Davis, and Jack Moffitt.
 It was produced by Fox Film Corporation (later 20th Century Fox), who had earlier produced the 1921 silent adaptation of the novel, "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court".
 "A Connecticut Yankee" is the first sound film adaptation of Twain's novel.
The Door with Seven Locks is a 1940 black-and-white British film, created and released shortly after the British Board of Film Censors lifted its mid-1930s ban on supernatural-themed and horror genre films.
 It was based on the novel "The Door with Seven Locks" by Edgar Wallace.
 Released in the United States by Monogram Pictures under the title Chamber of Horrors, it was the second Wallace film adaptation to arrive in the United States, the first being "The Dark Eyes of London" (called "The Human Monster" in the US), starring Béla Lugosi, which had been released the year before.
Hamlet is a 1948 British film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet", adapted and directed by and starring Sir Laurence Olivier.
 "Hamlet" was Olivier's second film as director, and also the second of the three Shakespeare films that he directed (the 1936 "As You Like It" had starred Olivier, but had been directed by Paul Czinner).
 "Hamlet" was the first British film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture.
 It is also the first sound film of the play in English.
 A 1935 sound film adaptation, "Khoon Ka Khoon", had been made in India and filmed in the Urdu language.
Tobruk is a 2008 film written and directed by Václav Marhoul and starring Jan Meduna and Petr Vanek.
 It is an adaptation of the classic American Civil War novel "The Red Badge of Courage" by Stephen Crane, but transfers the action to North Africa during World War II.
