The Prince of Wales Trophy, also known as the Wales Trophy, is an award presented by the National Hockey League (NHL) to the Eastern Conference (formerly the Wales Conference) playoff champions, prior to the final series of games for the Stanley Cup.
 Named for Prince Edward, Prince of Wales (later King Edward VIII and then Duke of Windsor), the trophy was first presented in the 1925–26 NHL season to the champion of the first game in Madison Square Garden and then subsequently presented to the champion of the NHL playoffs (including the previous two seasons).
 However, the trophy has been awarded for eight different accomplishments throughout its history, including for the American Division regular season champions, the NHL regular season champions, the East Division season champions, the Wales Conference regular season champions, the Wales Conference playoff champions, and the Eastern Conference playoff champions.
 The current holder of the Prince of Wales Trophy are the Pittsburgh Penguins, after winning the 2017 Eastern Conference Final.
The 2007 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 2006–07 season, and the culmination of the 2007 Stanley Cup playoffs.
 It was contested between the Western Conference champion Anaheim Ducks and the Eastern Conference champion Ottawa Senators.
 It was the second appearance in the Final for Anaheim since 2003 (known as the Mighty Ducks) when they lost to the New Jersey Devils.
 It was the first appearance for the Senators since entering the NHL as an expansion team in 1992.
 Anaheim defeated Ottawa in five games and were awarded their first Stanley Cup becoming the eleventh post-1967 expansion team to win the NHL championship trophy, and the first Stanley Cup championship for a team from California.
Paul Devorski (born August 18, 1958) is a retired National Hockey League referee, who wore uniform number 10 since the 1994–95 NHL season.
 He refereed his first NHL game on October 14, 1989, and has been wearing a helmet while refereeing NHL games since the 2005–06 NHL season.
 He was one of the selected referees who officiated the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals with Dan O'Halloran, and was selected again to officiate the 2008 Stanley Cup Finals along with O'Halloran, as well as the 2009 Stanley Cup Finals alongside Dennis LaRue.
 He is the older brother of NHL linesman Greg Devorski.
The 2006 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 2005–06 season, and the culmination of the 2006 Stanley Cup playoffs.
 It was contested between the Eastern Conference champion Carolina Hurricanes and the Western Conference champion Edmonton Oilers.
 It was Carolina's second appearance in the Final, the other being in 2002, a loss to the Detroit Red Wings.
 It was Edmonton's seventh appearance in the Final and their first since their fifth Cup win in 1990.
 It was also the first (and to date only) Final matchup between two former WHA franchises.
 Carolina defeated Edmonton in seven games to win the franchise's first Stanley Cup becoming the tenth post-1967 expansion team and third former WHA team to win the Cup.
 Carolina's 2006 win was also the teams' second league championship (the club, then known as the New England Whalers won the WHA Championship in 1973).
The 2002 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 2001–02 season, and the culmination of the 2002 Stanley Cup playoffs.
 It was contested by the Western Conference champion Detroit Red Wings and the Eastern Conference champion Carolina Hurricanes.
 It was Detroit's twenty-second appearance in the Final, their previous appearance being a win in .
 It was Carolina's first appearance in the Final in franchise history.
 Detroit defeated Carolina in five games to win their tenth Stanley Cup championship in franchise history.
 The Red Wings became the first team in NHL history to win the Cup after starting the playoffs with two losses at home.
 After losing the first two games in the Conference Quarterfinals to the Vancouver Canucks, the Red Wings won 16 of their next 21 games en route to win their third Cup since for coach Scotty Bowman.
 Bowman won his ninth Cup as a head coach (he had previously won it in that capacity with the Montreal Canadiens in , , , , and , with the Pittsburgh Penguins in , and with Detroit in 1997 and 1998), surpassing the mark he held jointly with Montreal coach Toe Blake.
The 1966–67 NHL season was the 50th season of the National Hockey League.
 Six teams each played 70 games.
 Since the 1942–43 season, there had only been six teams in the NHL, but this was to be the last season of the "Original Six" as six more teams were added for the 1967–68 season.
 This season saw the debut of one of the greatest players in hockey history, defenceman Bobby Orr of the Boston Bruins.
 The Toronto Maple Leafs won the Stanley Cup over the Montreal Canadiens; this would be the Leafs' most recent Stanley Cup, as of 2017 .
The 2001 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 2000–01 season, and the culmination of the 2001 Stanley Cup playoffs.
 It was contested between the Eastern Conference champion and defending Stanley Cup champion New Jersey Devils and the Western Conference champion and Presidents' Trophy winning Colorado Avalanche.
 It was Colorado's second appearance in the Final, and the first since the team won the Cup in 1996.
 It was New Jersey's third appearance in the Final and second straight appearance after winning the Cup in the 2000 Final.
 Colorado defeated New Jersey in seven games to win their second Stanley Cup in franchise history.
 Colorado's Patrick Roy would win the Conn Smythe Trophy as the MVP of the 2001 Playoffs.
 This was the first Stanley Cup Final since that would be decided in the maximum seven games.
 This was also the first and, as of 2017, most recent Finals since that the number one seeds in each conference met.
The 1999 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1998–1999 season, and the culmination of the 1999 Stanley Cup playoffs.
 It was contested by the Eastern Conference champion Buffalo Sabres and the Western Conference champion Dallas Stars.
 It was the 106th year of the Stanley Cup being contested.
 The Sabres were led by captain Michael Peca, coach Lindy Ruff and goalie Dominik Hasek.
 The Stars were led by captain Derian Hatcher, coach Ken Hitchcock and goalie Ed Belfour.
 It was the Sabres' second Stanley Cup Final appearance, the first being a loss to Philadelphia in 1975.
 It was the third appearance for the Stars' franchise, and their first since moving to Dallas from Minnesota in 1993.
 Minnesota (known at the time as the North Stars) lost in the Final to the NY Islanders in 1981 and to Pittsburgh in 1991.
 The Stars defeated the Sabres four games to two to win their first Stanley Cup, becoming the eighth post-1967 expansion team to earn a championship, and the first Southern team to win the Cup.
 This was the first time since 1994 that the Stanley Cup Finals did not end in a sweep.
The 1998 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1997–1998 season, and the culmination of the 1998 Stanley Cup playoffs.
 It was contested by the Western Conference champion and defending Stanley Cup champion Detroit Red Wings and the Eastern Conference champion Washington Capitals.
 It was the 105th year of the Stanley Cup being contested.
 The series was the Capitals' first appearance in a Stanley Cup Final since the franchise's inception in 1974.
 The Red Wings won the series for the second year in a row, four games to none.
 It was the Wings' ninth Stanley Cup, and the most recent time when a Finals concluded with a sweep (as of 2017).
 This was also the last time until that a Stanley Cup Finals ended after an NBA Finals in the same season had concluded.
 Detroit coach Scotty Bowman won his eighth Stanley Cup in that capacity (having previously done so with the Montreal Canadiens in , , , , and , the Pittsburgh Penguins in , and the Wings the previous year), tying him with former Canadiens coach Toe Blake for the record of most Cups won by a coach (which he would break when he helped the Red Wings win the 2002 Cup).
Bryan Lewis (born September 10, 1942 in Alliston, Ontario) is a Canadian municipal politician and a former referee and Director of Officiating for the National Hockey League.
 His first NHL experience was in the 1966–67 NHL season.
 He worked more than 1000 games, 30 playoff games, and nine Stanley Cup Finals at the NHL level, and was named Director of Officiating in 1989, following the sudden death of his predecessor, John McCauley.
 In this position, he oversaw a staff of 90, as well as the officiating of both the NHL and the AHL.
 He retired from this position in 2000.
 Lewis is still active in hockey, helping officials at the junior level.
 Bryan is currently Referee In Chief for the Central Hockey League and Ontario University Athletics.
