"Wonderful" is a song by British singer Gary Go, released on 16 February 2009 as the first and debut single from his debut album "Gary Go".
 It reached #25 on the UK singles chart and was a Top 40 on the Hot AC chart in the US.
 The song was selected as Pop Song Of The Year by iTunes US in their Rewind recap of 2009 releases.
 A version of the song became the title song for the German film "Men in the City" (German: 'Männerherzen' ) for which a new music video was filmed on a Berlin rooftop including scenes from the film.
 It is also used in the trailer for the Disneynature film "Oceans", in the TVI Portuguese novella Mar de Paixão, at the conclusion of an "American Idol" episode, and in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 during the interval, in a mini movie involving clips from the shorts that were broadcast before every song from the contest.
 "Wonderful" was also used in Sky Sports' closing montage of the 2011–12 Premier League season.
This is a comprehensive list of the awards received by 2NE1, a girl group formed by YG Entertainment in South Korea.
 Their first extended play, "2NE1" (2009), was received well and spawned the hits "Fire" and "I Don't Care", one of the biggest singles of 2009.
 It earned 2NE1 many awards and nominations.
 After initial success in 2009, the group released their first full-length album in 2010, "To Anyone". "
Clap Your Hands", "Go Away", and "Can't Nobody" were used as promotional singles.
 In 2011, they came back with the second EP, "2NE1" (2011), which earned 2NE1 many awards and nominations, including Album of the Year, and Song of the Year for the lead single "I Am the Best".
 They released four singles in 2012 to 2013, including the hits "I Love You" and "Missing You", and released their first full-album in Japan.
 They released their second full Korean album "Crush" in 2014 with the lead single "Come Back Home", and entered the Billboard 200 chart.
 In January 2017, they released a farewell song called "Goodbye" for their fans after the announce of their disbandment.
Suraiya Jamaal Sheikh (15 June 1929 – 31 January 2004), popularly known as Suraiya, was an Indian Muslim Hindi/Hindustani film actress and playback singer in Bollywood from the 1940s to the early 1960s, who remained unmarried throughout her life, after her love affair with actor Dev Anand was aborted by her maternal grandmother.
 She was the most popular singing star of the Indian sub-continent of her generation.
 Until 1943, as a child singer, Suraiya did playback singing for one actress, namely Mehtab, in three films, and also in some of her own films for her roles as a child artiste.
 After this, she only sang for her own films as an actress, and acted as a heroine from 1946 until the end of her career in 1963.
 From 1948 to 1951, she became the singing superstar of Bollywood, earning more for her performances than all the performing actors of the times, male or female, including Dev Anand, Raj Kapoor, Dilip Kumar, Nargis and Madhubala.
 She received 1.5–2 lakhs rupees for her role per film, when top male actors were getting 50 thousand to 1 lakh rs.
 For a song, she commanded rs. 1000, while Lata Mangeshkar was getting rs. 100–200 per song.
 She was the only child of her parents.
 She had a natural talent for singing, acting and dancing from childhood.
 She received basic training in music when her mother used to take her to a Hindustani music teacher or 'masterji' for training.
 She first sang for a children's program for All India Radio in 1937.
 Later on Naushad gave her on the job 'training', while recording.
 She went on to become one of the most successful singing film stars of Bollywood.
 She had received training in dancing from Mumtaz Ali, dancer-actor and father of the famous comedian Mehmood.
 She was also known for her North Indian Muslim feudal style acting or 'adakari' in many of her films ("Mirza Ghalib (film)", "Phool", "Afsar", "Shayar", "Jeet (1949 film)", "Anmol Ghadi" and "Dastan").
 This style 'endowed modernity with an aura of tradition' and brought nostalgic feudal tinge to the scenes.
 Her performance 'expertly integrated gestures, music and speech'.
 Suraiya in her heyday was known as 'Malika-e-Husn' (queen of beauty), 'Malika-e-Tarannum' (queen of melody) and 'Malika-e-Adakaari' (queen of acting), all rolled into one.
 In a career spanning from 1936 till 1963, Suraiya sang 338 songs in films (which were mostly her own films) and 2 in addition were non-film songs, namely, 'tum rahe kahan ko piya' and 'hum tum karenge pyar'.
 She acted in 67 movies, which do not include the incomplete films such as "Jaanwar" (with Dilip Kumar), "Paagal Khaana" with Bharat Bhushan and an Indo-British film on Wajid Ali Shah (1953) being directed by British director, Herbert Marshall, with Ashok Kumar in the role of Wajid Ali Shah.
"Stray Cat Strut" is the eighth track on the Stray Cats' debut album, "Stray Cats", released in 1981 in the UK, where it peaked at No. 11.
 That same year it peaked at No.78 on US Dance/Disco chart, where it was released as an import record.
 In the US, the song was released in 1982 on "Built for Speed".
 The song became a hit in the US, peaking at No. 3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The music video for the song received extensive airplay on MTV during the channel's early days.
 The video consisted of band members (and extras) performing in an alley while an irate resident throws things at them.
 It also featured scenes from the 1949 MGM cartoon "Bad Luck Blackie".
Postal 2 (stylized as POSTAL) is a black comedy first-person shooter video game by Running With Scissors, and it is the sequel to the 1997 game "Postal".
 Both are intentionally highly controversial due to high levels of violence and stereotyping.
 Unlike its predecessor, "Postal 2" is played completely in first-person based on the Unreal Engine 2.
 Scenes of the game can be seen in the music video of The Black Eyed Peas single "Where Is the Love?
"
Violent is New Zealand band Stellar*'s fourth single, and their third single from their debut album Mix.
 This song won the "Single of the Year" award at the 2000 New Zealand "Tui" Music Awards.
 The song was featured on the Nature's Best 2 compilation of what were voted the top 100 New Zealand songs from 1926 until 2001 by APRA to celebrate their 75th anniversary.
 Judging by the track list, Violent was placed at #46 in this list.
 The single spent six weeks within the top 20 in the RIANZ singles charts, peaking at #11.
 The music video to the song was directed by Jonathan King, and depicts the band playing within a small room, amongst other scenes such as one which Runga plays the role of a nurse in surgery.
"Stricken" is a song by the American heavy metal band Disturbed.
 The song was released on July 25, 2005 as the second single from their third studio album "Ten Thousand Fists".
 "Stricken" was certified gold in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America on August 18, 2008 for selling 500,000 copies.
 It is one of the first of Disturbed's songs to include a guitar solo.
 The song is featured in "" and "Guitar Hero Live" in addition to the Disturbed track pack in "Guitar Hero 5".
 The song is also a part of the "Rock Band" downloadable content catalog.
 The song was also featured in the "Project Gotham Racing 4".
 The musical video for the song was filmed in an abandoned hospital in which some scenes from the 1984 horror film "A Nightmare on Elm Street" were filmed.
 "Stricken" was used as official theme for WWE's PPV New Year's Revolution, in 2006.
"Greatest Time of Year" is the only single from Aly & AJ's Christmas album "Acoustic Hearts of Winter".
 The single was used for "", similar to the way Hilary Duff's song "Santa Clause Lane" was used for "The Santa Clause 2", and the music video also had scenes from the film.
 The video first aired on October 16, 2006 on the Disney Channel.
 The single debuted at number 96 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
"In the Air Tonite" is a remix of "In the Air Tonight" released in 2001 to promote the R&B/hip hop Phil Collins tribute album "Urban Renewal"; the song is a duet between Collins and American rapper Lil' Kim.
 They did not work together for the video; scenes from the original video and new scenes featuring Lil' Kim were used to create a video.
 The single has been certified Platinum in Germany by the IFPI.
Postal is an isometric top-down shooter video game developed by Running With Scissors and published by Ripcord Games in 1997.
 A sequel to the game, "Postal 2", was released in 2003.
 Director Uwe Boll bought the movie rights for the series, and produced a film of the same name.
 A March 2001 re-release of the game, called Postal Plus, included a "Special Delivery" add-on.
 A remaster of the game, "Postal Redux", was released for Microsoft Windows on May 20, 2016.
 At the end of 2016, the game's source code was released.
