The Avro Atlantic (Avro 722) was a proposed civilian airliner version of the British Avro Vulcan medium jet bomber.
 It was a response to a 1952 UK Ministry of Supply requirement for a new aircraft suitable for both military and civilian long-range roles.
 Civilian models of the Vickers Valiant and Handley Page Victor V-bombers were also planned for the same contract.
 The Vickers V-1000 won the contest over the Atlantic, but ultimately none of these designs would be built.
The 1958 Syerston Avro Vulcan crash was a military aviation accident that occurred in England on 20 September 1958 during an air show at RAF Syerston, Nottinghamshire when a prototype Avro Vulcan bomber crashed.
 All four crew on board and three people on the ground were killed.
The 1956 London Heathrow Avro Vulcan crash was a military aviation accident that occurred at Heathrow Airport on 1 October 1956 when Avro Vulcan B.1 "XA897" crashed whilst attempting to land at the airport in poor weather.
 The pilot and co-pilot ejected to safety but the remaining four crew were killed.
Stuart Duncan Davies CBE FEng FRAeS (5 December 1906 – 22 January 1995) was a British aerospace engineer who was in charge of the design of the Avro Vulcan.
 He was also responsible for converting the unsuccessful two-engined Avro Manchester into the four-engined Avro Lancaster.
Roy Chadwick, CBE, FRSA, FRAeS (30 April 1893 – 23 August 1947) was an aircraft design engineer for the Avro Company.
 Born at Marsh Hall Farm, Farnworth, the son of the mechanical engineer Charles Chadwick, he was the chief designer for Avro and was responsible for practically all of their aeroplane designs.
 He is famous in particular for designing the Avro Lancaster bomber, its follow-up Avro Lincoln and preliminary designs of the Avro Vulcan V bomber.
 He also converted the Lincoln into the much-used Shackleton.
The Saab 36 (also known as Projekt 1300) was a supersonic bomber planned by Saab during the 1950s.
 The aircraft was intended to be able to carry an 800 kg free-falling nuclear weapon, but the Swedish nuclear weapons program was cancelled in the 1960s; the plans for the bomber had been cancelled in 1957.
 The Saab 36 was to be fitted with delta wings, as was the Saab 35 Draken fighter.
 The engine was to be a version of the British Bristol Olympus turbojet, the same engine powering the Avro Vulcan jet bomber.
Avro was a British aircraft manufacturer founded in 1910 whose designs include the Avro 504 used as a trainer in the First World War, the Avro Lancaster, one of the pre-eminent bombers of the Second World War, and the delta wing Avro Vulcan, a stalwart of the Cold War.
Avro Vulcan XH558 (military serial "XH558", civil aircraft registration "G-VLCN") "The Spirit Of Great Britain" was the last remaining airworthy example of the 134 Avro Vulcan jet powered delta winged strategic nuclear bomber aircraft operated by the Royal Air Force during the Cold War.
 It was the last Vulcan in military service, and the last to fly at all after 1986.
 It last flew on 28 October 2015.
Woodford Aerodrome or Manchester Woodford Aerodrome (ICAO: EGCD) is a former private airfield and aircraft factory located at Woodford, Greater Manchester.
 The site, which is 6 NM north of Macclesfield, Cheshire, England, was opened by the Avro company shortly after the First World War.
 It became an important production centre for military aircraft during the Second World War.
 Notable planes made at the factory include the Avro Anson, Avro Lancaster, Avro Shackleton and Avro Vulcan.
The Avro Vulcan (later Hawker Siddeley Vulcan from July 1963) is a jet-powered tailless delta wing high-altitude strategic bomber, which was operated by the Royal Air Force (RAF) from 1956 until 1984.
 Aircraft manufacturer A.V. Roe and Company (Avro) designed the Vulcan in response to Specification B.35/46.
 Of the three V bombers produced, the Vulcan was considered the most technically advanced and hence the riskiest option.
 Several scale aircraft, designated Avro 707, were produced to test and refine the delta wing design principles.
