Anup Mathew Thomas (born 1977) is a visual artist who lives and works in Bangalore.
 Thomas graduated from the Srishti School of Art, Design and Technology, Bangalore in 2003 and has stayed largely with photography as his medium of choice.
 Predominantly producing work in series, Thomas's photographs conceal an innate critique of their subject matter, engaging often with narratives that are seemingly and instinctively local but reverberate within a more inclusive context.
 Thomas’s works are often presented as digital slideshows as well as prints.
Oru Kadamkatha Pole is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Joshy Mathew and produced by Achachi, Balan and Mathew Thomas.
 The film stars Jayaram, Geetha, Nedumudi Venu and Ashokan in lead roles.
 The film had musical score by Mohan Sithara.
Anibál Nieves Javier (born November 11, 1965) is retired male sport wrestler from Puerto Rico.
 In college he wrestled for East Stroudsburg University where he achieved All-American status at the Division I level of the NCAA.
 He twice represented his native country at the Summer Olympics: in 1992 and 1996.
 Nieves also twice won a silver medal at the Pan American Games during his career.
 After coaching stints at Springfield Technical Community College and American International College he became the head wrestling coach for Western New England University in 2007.
 He currently serves as the head coach of the women's wrestling team at Springfield Technical Community College alongside his brother Alberto who serves as the head coach of the men's wrestling team at STCC.
 He was a nine-time Puerto Rican champion.
Larry Lee "Zeke" Jones (born December 2, 1966) is an American wrestler who won a silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, a world championship in Varna, Bulgaria, in 1991, and was the former freestyle head coach at USA Wrestling.
 He is currently the head coach of the Arizona State University Wrestling team as of April, 2014.
 He was a six-time national freestyle champion, four-time World Cup champion, Pan American Games champion, and received the "World's Most Technical Wrestler Award" awarded by FILA, the international governing body for the sport.
 In college, he was a three-time All-American for Arizona State University and competed on the 1988 NCAA Championship team, coached by famed Bobby Douglas.
 After college, he wrestled on two world championships teams with the United States wrestling team.
 In 2005, he was inducted into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
The Oklahoma State Cowboys wrestling team is a NCAA Division I wrestling program and is one of four Big 12 Conference schools that participates in wrestling.
 Since the team's first season in 1914–15, it has won thirty-four team national championships (three of which are unofficial), 134 individual NCAA championships, and 213 wrestlers have earned 425 All-American honors.
 The Cowboys won the first official NCAA Division I Wrestling Team Championship in 1929.
 The Cowboys have won 47 conference team championships and 234 individual conference titles.
 The program owns an all-time dual meet record of 1021-113-23.
 On January 28th 2011, OSU became the second school in NCAA history to record one thousand dual victories, joining Iowa State University.
Rajaji Mathew Thomas is a journalist and an Communist Party of India politician from Thrissur and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ollur to Kerala Legislative Assembly in 2006.
The Binghamton Bearcats wrestling team represents Binghamton University of Vestal, New York.
 The squad was coached by Pat Popolizio, a former wrestler for the Oklahoma State Cowboys, who left in 2012 to take the head wrestling coach position at North Carolina State University.
 Popolizio was succeeded by Matt Dernlan who had been the head coach of the Clarion Golden Eagles.
 Binghamton has fielded a college wrestling team since 1969.
 The team competed on the Division III level until 1998.
 The Bearcats moved to Division II in 1999 and Division I in 2002.
 The wrestling team joined the Eastern Intercollegiate Wrestling Association in July 2013.
 Previously, it had been an associate member of the Colonial Athletic Association, but conference realignment led the CAA to drop the sport.
 The rest of Binghamton's intercollegiate teams, excepting golf, are members of the America East Conference.
 The Bearcats have had four All-American wrestlers (Josh Patterson 7th, Justin Lister 4th, Nick Gwiazdowski 8th, Donald Vinson 3rd) since joining Division I and had 25 All-Americans in Divisions II and III.
Robert Teet (born March 27, 1979) is an American professional wrestler, amateur wrestler, and author.
 He currently competes on the independent wrestling circuit in the Great Lakes region as Rob Clooney.
 Teet is best known for his accomplishments in beach wrestling, where he has earned All American honors three times, an alternate for the United States wrestling team twice, and earned All World honors as a member of the U.S. wrestling team at the 2011 World Beach Wrestling Championships.
Tommy Chesbro (October 28, 1939 – September 1, 2006) was an Oklahoma State University all-star wrestler and coach.
 As coach he led the Oklahoma state wrestling team to the NCAA Wrestling Team Championship on at least one occasion.
 In his 15 years as OSU’s coach, he earned a national reputation as a matchless technician, whose teams won 227 dual meets with only 26 defeats, a 90 per cent winning record.
 During those years, he coached 20 individual NCAA champions and 20 National AAU and USA Wrestling winners.
 In 1995, he was inducted into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Matthew Thomas Rehwoldt (born October 7, 1987) is an American professional wrestler.
 He is signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Aiden English.
