The Mary R. Koch was a 274.330 Mt combined ore carrier and oil tanker.
 The ship was named after Mary Robinson Koch, wife of American industrialist Fred C. Koch.
The International Encyclopedia of Human Geography is a 2009 academic reference work covering human geography.
 The editors-in-chief are Rob Kitchin and Nigel Thrift and it contains a foreword by Mary Robinson.
Mary Patricia McAleese ( ; née Leneghan; Irish: "Máire Pádraigín Mhic Ghiolla Íosa" ; born 27 June 1951) is an Irish Independent politician who served as the 8th President of Ireland from November 1997 to November 2011.
 She was the second female president and was first elected in 1997 succeeding Mary Robinson, making McAleese the world's first woman to succeed another as president.
 She was re-elected unopposed for a second term in office in 2004.
 McAleese is the first President of Ireland to have come from either Northern Ireland or Ulster.
The Patrick Kavanagh Centre (Patrick Kavanagh Rural And Literary Resource Centre) is located in Inniskeen, County Monaghan, Ireland.
 It is set up to commemorate the poet Patrick Kavanagh who is regarded as one of the foremost Irish poets of the 20th century.
 He was born in Mucker townland Inniskeen.
 It is located in the former RC St. Mary's church (which dates from 1820) in whose adjoining graveyard Kavanagh and his wife are buried.
 The centre was developed by the Inniskeen Enterprise Development Group and was opened by President Mary Robinson in 1994.
Mary Blair (October 21, 1911 – July 26, 1978), born Mary Robinson, was an American artist who was prominent in producing art and animation for The Walt Disney Company, drawing concept art for such films as "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan", "Song of the South" and "Cinderella".
 Blair also created character designs for enduring attractions such as Disneyland's It's a Small World, the fiesta scene in El Rio del Tiempo in the Mexico pavilion in Epcot's World Showcase, and an enormous mosaic inside Disney's Contemporary Resort.
 Several of her illustrated children's books from the 1950s remain in print, such as "I Can Fly" by Ruth Krauss.
 Blair was inducted into the prestigious group of Disney Legends in 1991.
Edna O'Brien (born 15 December 1930) is an Irish novelist, memoirist, playwright, poet and short story writer.
 Philip Roth has described her "the most gifted woman now writing in English", while former President of Ireland Mary Robinson has cited her as "one of the great creative writers of her generation."
Mary Robinson McConnell Gish (September 16, 1876 - September 16, 1948) was an American actress and the mother of Lilian and Dorothy Gish.
Nicholas Kenneth Robinson (born 9 February 1946) is an Irish author, historian, solicitor and cartoonist.
 He is the husband of Mary Robinson, the former United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and seventh President of Ireland.
 He was educated at Trinity College Dublin, where he took a degree in Law.
The 1991 All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship was won by Kilkenny who defeated Cork by a seven-point margin in the final.
 The match drew an attendance of 3,024 including President Mary Robinson.
Mary Robinson (née Darby; 27 November 1757?
 – 26 December 1800) was an English actress, poet, dramatist, novelist, and celebrity figure.
 During her lifetime she was known as "the English Sappho".
 She earned her nickname "Perdita" for her role as Perdita (heroine of Shakespeare's "The Winter's Tale") in 1779.
 She was the first public mistress of King George IV while he was still Prince of Wales.
