The 1959 Connecticut Huskies baseball team represented the University of Connecticut in the 1959 NCAA University Division baseball season.
 The Huskies were led by J. O. Christian in his 24th year as head coach, and played as part of the Yankee Conference.
 Connecticut posted a 20–3 record, earned the Yankee Conference championship with a 10–0 regular season to claim the automatic bid to the 1959 NCAA University Division Baseball Tournament.
 They were an automatic selection to the 1959 College World Series for District 1, their second appearance in the ultimate college baseball event.
 The Huskies lost their first game against <a href="">Penn State
J. O. Christian Field is a baseball stadium in Storrs, Connecticut, United States.
 It is the home field of the Connecticut Huskies baseball team of the NCAA Division I American Athletic Conference (The American).
 The stadium holds 2,000 people.
 It is named after former UConn baseball coach and athletic director, J. Orlean Christian.
The 1965 Connecticut Huskies baseball team represented the University of Connecticut in the 1965 NCAA University Division baseball season.
 The Huskies were led by Larry Panciera in his 4th year as head coach, and played as part of the Yankee Conference.
 Connecticut posted a 16–9 record, earned a share of the Yankee Conference with a 7–3 regular season and won the automatic bid to the 1965 NCAA University Division Baseball Tournament with a playoff win over <a href="">Vermont
The Connecticut Huskies baseball program is a college baseball team that represents the University of Connecticut in the Big East Conference.
 The Huskies compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I.
 The current head coach is Jim Penders, who will coach his tenth season in 2013.
The following is a list of Connecticut Huskies baseball seasons.
 The University of Connecticut is a member of the Big East Conference of the NCAA Division I.
 The Huskies have made five College World Series appearances and seventeen appearances in the NCAA Division I Baseball Championship.
 Conference records for the six seasons that the Huskies competed in the Eastern Collegiate Athletic Conference are not currently available.
The Connecticut Huskies baseball team represents the University of Connecticut, in Storrs, Connecticut in college baseball.
 The program is classified in the NCAA Division I, and the team competes in the American Athletic Conference.
 The team is coached by Jim Penders.
The 1979 Connecticut Huskies baseball team represented the University of Connecticut in the 1979 NCAA Division I baseball season.
 The Huskies were led by Larry Panciera in his 18th and final year as head coach, and played as part of the Eastern College Athletic Conference, a collection of northeastern universities with no other conference affiliation.
 Connecticut posted a 31–13 record, won the ECAC, and reached the 1979 College World Series, their fifth appearance in the penultimate college baseball event.
 The Huskies lost both games in the College World Series, being eliminated by eventual champion Cal State Fullerton.
The 1972 Connecticut Huskies baseball team represented the University of Connecticut in the 1972 NCAA University Division baseball season.
 The Huskies were led by Larry Panciera in his 11th year as head coach, and played as part of the Yankee Conference.
 Connecticut posted a 20–7 record, won the Yankee Conference with an undefeated regular season, swept the NCAA District 1 Playoff and reached the 1972 College World Series, their fourth appearance in the penultimate college baseball event.
 The Huskies won their first game against <a href="">Texas
The Washington Huskies baseball team is the varsity intercollegiate baseball team of the University of Washington, located in Seattle, Washington, United States.
 The program has been a member of the NCAA Division I Pac-12 Conference since the start of the 1960 season, preceded by the Pacific Coast Conference.
 The team has played at Husky Ballpark since 1998; the on-campus venue was renovated extensively for the start of the 2014 season.
 Lindsay Meggs has been the program's head coach since the start of the 2010 season.
 The program has appeared in nine NCAA Tournaments.
 It has won two Pac-10 North-South Division Playoffs, six Pac-10 North Division Titles, eight PCC North Division Titles, and two PCC Regular Season Championships.
 As of the start of the 2014 season, 18 former Huskies have appeared in the major leagues.
The American Athletic Conference (also known as The American and sometimes abbreviated AAC) is an American collegiate athletic conference, featuring 12 member universities and three associate member universities that compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's (NCAA) Division I, with its football teams competing in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS).
 Member universities represent a range of private and public universities of various enrollment sizes located primarily in urban metropolitan areas in the Northeastern, Midwestern, Western, and Southern regions of the United States.
