World Kindness Day is an international observance on 13 November.
 It was introduced in 1998 by the World Kindness Movement a coalition of nations kindness NGOs.
 It is observed in many countries, including Canada, Japan, Australia, Nigeria and United Arab Emirates.
 In 2009, Singapore observed the day for the first time.
 Italy and India also observed the day.
 In the UK it is fronted by David Jamilly co-founded Kindness Day UK.
 In 2010 at the request of Michael Lloyd—White the NSW Federation Parents and Citizens Association wrote to the Minister of The NSW Department of Education to place World Kindness Day on the NSW School Calendar.
 In 2012 At the request of the Chairman of World Kindness Australia, World Kindness Day was placed on the Federal School Calendar and the then Minister of School Education, Early Childhood, and Youth The Hon Peter Garrett, provided a Declaration of Support for World Kindness Australia and placed World Kindness Day on the National School Calendar for over 9000 schools.
 Schools across the globe are now celebrating World Kindness Day and work with local NGOs such as the Be Kind People Project and Life Vest Inside In the USA.
 In 2012 Australia Her Excellency Prof Marie Bashir Governor of NSW hosted an event for the first time at Government House to celebrate World kindness Day and accepted a Cool To Be Kind Award from year 3&4 students.
 Australian Councils representing over 1.3 million residents have also signed Declarations of Support for World Kindness Australia placing World Kindness Day on the Council Calendar of Events.
 Events include THE BIG HUG, handing out Kindness Cards, Global Flashmob, which was coordinated by Orly Wahba from USA which was held in 15 countries and 33 cities with its images of the event making the big screens in New York City.
 Canada celebrates with The Kindness Concert and in Singapore in 2009, 45,000 yellowflowers were given away.
 World Kindness Day is to highlight good deeds in the community focusing on the positive power and the common thread of kindness which binds us.
 Kindness is a fundamental part of the human condition which bridges the divides of race religion, politics, gender and zip codes.
 Kindness Cards are also an ongoing activity which can either be passed on to recognize an act of kindness and or ask that an act of kindness be done.
 Approaches are being made to the United Nations by the peak global body, The World Kindness Movement to have World Kindness Day officially recognized and its members unanimously sign a Declaration of Support for World Kindness.
Polybus (Greek: Πόλυβος ) is a figure in Greek mythology.
 He was the king of Corinth and husband of either Merope or Periboea.
 He raised Oedipus as his adopted son, who had been abandoned by his parents Laius and Jocasta of Thebes in Greece.
 Polybus was the true father of Alcinoe.
 In virtually all accounts of the mythology, when Oedipus reached adolescence, he consulted with the Delphic Oracle, who told him "You shall kill your father and marry your mother".
 Obviously horrified and disgusted with such a prophecy, Oedipus imposed self-exile upon himself and kept away from Corinth, as he resolved never to murder King Polybus, who had been a kind father to him.
 Oedipus was also understandably disgusted the act of murdering Polybus and claiming his wife for himself, as he had no unnatural attraction to Queen Merope.
 Many years later, after Oedipus won the kingship of Thebes by defeating the Sphinx, did another plague befall Thebes.
 King Oedipus, in his effort to find the cause of plague due to a patricide, revealed that he was told in his teen years that he was destined to murder his father, and sent a spy to Corinth to see who is currently on the throne.
 The news of Polybus' death by natural causes was announced by the messenger to Jocasta in Sophocles' "Oedipus Rex", in which it is mistakenly taken to mean that Oedipus did not kill his father.
 This would mean that the prophecy that Oedipus would murder his father and marry his mother would be false, and Oedipus expresses relief that he did not commit such a heinous act.
 Since Polybus was in fact his adoptive father, Oedipus could and did kill his true father, King Laius, and fulfill the prophecy.
 Oedipus never knew his true destiny until the final parts of the play.
Daniel Friedman (born 9 January 1981), known on stage as Deep Fried Man, is a South African musical comedian and writer based in Johannesburg.
 He describes what he does as "stand-up comedy with a guitar".
 He adopted his stage name, a play on his real name, because "it went along with the kind of musical comedy I wanted to do, which was an unhealthy kind of comedy".
Michael Ciaran Parker (born 4 May 1952), better known by his stage name Michael Barrymore, is an English comedian and television presenter of game shows and light entertainment programmes on British television in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.
 These included "Strike It Lucky", "My Kind of People", "My Kind of Music" and "Kids Say the Funniest Things".
Michael Redmond (born October 1950) is an Irish stand-up comedian from Blackrock, Dublin, known for playing Father Stone in the "Father Ted" episode "Entertaining Father Stone".
 He has a deadpan style of delivery and has been described as the "possessor of comedy's most mournful moustache".
Fathers.
 Subtitled "A Literary Anthology", this is a collection of 49 personal father essays and poems by such eminent writers as Margaret Atwood, Angela Carter, Bruce Chatwin, Winston Churchill, Seamus Heaney, Doris Lessing and Philip Roth.
 In the introduction to the book, the editor, Andre Gerard, suggests that personal writing about fathers is a relatively new phenomenon, one for which he proposes the name of patremoir, and he traces the origins of this kind of writing back to Edmund Gosse’s Father and Son.
 According to Gerard, Gosse helped make it possible to speak intimately and openly about the father.
Detours is a 2016 road-trip comedy about a newly single New Yorker who must relocate to Florida for a new job; she travels south with her widowed father and her mother’s ashes in a coffee can.
 "Detours" was directed by Robert McCaskill from a script by Mara Lesemann (additionally known for Surviving Family).
 The movie starred Tara Westwood and Carlo Fiorletta; the supporting cast included Richard Kind, Michael Cerveris, Phyllis Somerville, Kim Director, and Paul Sorvino.
 Cerveris also contributed several original songs to the soundtrack.
David Michael Koechner ( ; born August 24, 1962) is an American actor and comedian, best known for playing roles such as Champ Kind in the "" films and Todd Packer on NBC's "The Office".
A Kind of Magic is the twelfth studio album by the British rock band Queen, released on 3 June 1986 by EMI Records in the UK and by Capitol Records in the US.
 It was their first studio album to be recorded digitally, and is based on the soundtrack to the film "Highlander", the first in a series directed by Russell Mulcahy.
 "A Kind of Magic" was Queen's first album to be released since they had been acclaimed for their performance at the 1985 Live Aid concert.
 It was an immediate hit in the UK, going straight to number one and selling 100,000 copies in its first week.
 It remained in the UK charts for 63 weeks, selling about six million copies worldwide (600,000 in the UK alone).
 The album spawned four hit singles: the album's title track "A Kind of Magic", "One Vision", "Friends Will Be Friends", and "Who Wants to Live Forever", which features an orchestra conducted by Michael Kamen, while the last track, "Princes of the Universe", is the theme song to "Highlander".
The 1974 aluminum cent was a one-cent coin proposed by the United States Mint in 1973.
 It was composed of an alloy of aluminum and trace metals, and intended to replace the predominantly copper–zinc cent due to the rising costs of coin production in the traditional bronze alloy.
 1,571,167 were struck in anticipation of release, but none were released into circulation.
 Examples were passed out to US Congressmen in a bid to win favor in switching to the new alloy.
 When the proposed aluminum cent was rejected, the Mint recalled and destroyed the examples.
 A few aluminum cents not returned to the Mint are believed to remain in existence.
 One example was donated to the Smithsonian Institution, while another was alleged to have been found by a US Capitol Police Officer.
 A 1974-D specimen was found in January 2014 by Randall Lawrence, who said it was a retirement gift to his father, who worked at the Mint in Denver.
 Randall planned on selling it in a public auction, but the Mint demanded its return, saying that the coin was never authorized for release and therefore remains U.S. Government property.
 Lawrence (and his business partner at their coin store, Michael McConnell) ultimately surrendered the coin when the Mint showed that the aluminum penny had never been authorized to be struck in Denver, and there was no evidence that the coin had been a gift of any kind.
