The Knabstrupper or Knabstrup is a Danish breed of horse with an unusual range of coat coloration.
Silver Swallow is a thoroughbred race horse by Alphabet Soup (Cozzene) out of Topsom (Red Ransom) who is known for her coat coloration, a nearly white dappled grey, as well as her repeated second-place finishes in several prominent stakes races in the Southern California racing circuit.
 Bred by Robert L Dodd and foaled in Florida on April 14, 2004, Silver Swallow was purchased at the Keeneland September 2005 Auction for $55,000.
 She is currently co-owned by Irwin Molasky and trainer Bruce Headley.
The Oriental Shorthair is a breed of domestic cat that is closely related to the Siamese.
 It maintains the modern Siamese head and body type but appears in a wide range of coat colors and patterns.
 Like the Siamese, Orientals have almond-shaped eyes, a triangular head shape, large ears, and an elongated, slender, and muscular body.
 Their personalities are also very similar.
 Orientals are social, intelligent, and many are rather vocal.
 They often remain playful into adulthood, with many enjoying playing fetch.
 Despite their slender appearance, they are athletic and can leap into high places.
 They prefer to live in pairs or groups and also seek human interaction.
 Unlike the breed's blue-eyed forebear, Orientals are usually green-eyed.
 The Oriental Longhair differs only with respect to coat length.
The genetics of cat coat coloration, pattern, length (short, medium or long), and texture is a complex subject, and many different genes are involved.
Tonkinese are a domestic cat breed produced by crossbreeding between the Siamese and Burmese.
 They share many of their parents' distinctively lively, playful personality traits and are similarly distinguished by a pointed coat pattern in a variety of colors.
 In addition to the modified coat colors of the "mink" pattern, which is a dilution of the point color (as in watercolors), the breed is now being shown in the foundation-like Siamese and Burmese colors: pointed with white and Solid overall (sepia.)
 They are also now designated a natural breed, as their history has now determined them to have been extant since the 14th Century .
The Duan goat breed from Guangxi Province in China is used for the production of meat.
 It has a black, white, or pied coat coloration.
The Balinese is a long-haired breed of domestic cat with Siamese-style point coloration and sapphire-blue eyes.
 The Balinese is also known as the purebred long-haired Siamese, since it originated as a natural mutation of that breed, and hence is essentially the same cat with a medium-length silky coat and a distinctively plumed tail.
Colorpoint Shorthairs are a variety of domestic cat.
 Depending on the cat registry, they may be considered a separate breed of cat, or more often a variant of a pre-existing one, if accepted at all.
 These cats are distinguished by their conformance to wide range of sixteen different point colors, beyond the four standard Siamese colors.
 The variety was initially created by crossbreeding Siamese with the American Shorthair – the same mixture that created the Oriental Shorthair, but with different goals.
 The Colorpoint Shorthair shares the point-coloration pattern with the Siamese, but in the nontraditional colors of red, cream, tortoiseshell, and lynx (tabby) points, and minor variations thereof.
 In body style, head shape, and other features, it may be intermediate between the two foundation breeds, which show cats leaning toward Siamese traits.
 Those who favour the Traditional Siamese look may also favour the more moderate-typed Colourpoint Shorthairs that take after their American Shorthair ancestors in shape.
The antelope jackrabbit ("Lepus alleni"), found in Southern Arizona and Northwestern Mexico, is a species of North American hare.
 Within this range, it occupies dry desert areas.
 This species is placed in family Leporidae, which is within order Lagomorpha.
 Male and female antelope jackrabbits are identical in appearance.
 This species is large in size with long, pointed ears and a distinct coat coloration.
 The antelope jackrabbit has a white belly, light grey sides, a back peppered with black, and orange coloration on the neck and chest.
 It is similar to species like the Black-tailed Jackrabbit and White-sided Jackrabbit.
 It is most active during twilight (crepuscular) and nocturnal, but can be active during the day when conditions are favorable (heavy cloud coverage).
 It feeds on cacti, mesquite leaves, and other vegetation.
Point coloration refers to animal coat coloration with a pale body and relatively darker extremities, i.e. the face, ears, feet, tail, and (in males) scrotum.
 It is most recognized as the coloration of Siamese and related breeds of cat, but can be found in rabbits, rats, sheep, and horses as well.
