The Bayard–Condict Building at 65 Bleecker Street between Broadway and Lafayette Street, at the head of Crosby Street in the NoHo neighbourhood of Manhattan, New York City is the only work of architect Louis Sullivan in New York City.
 It was built between 1897 and 1899 in the Chicago School style; the associate architect was Lyndon P. Smith.
 The building was originally known as the Condict Building before being renamed the Bayard Building.
 The building was considered to be a radical design for its time, since it contravened the strictures of American Renaissance architecture which were the accepted "status quo", but had little influence on architectural design in New York City, because of its location in the industrial area that Bleecker Street was during that period.
 It is located in the NoHo Historic District.
Twin Brooks is a residential neighbourhood in south Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
 It is located at the confluence of the Whitemud Creek and the Blackmud Creek, hence the origin of the name Twin Brooks.
 An artificial lake is situated in the neighbourhood, with George P. Nicholson Elementary School located near it.
Langmaid Terrace is a historic apartment complex at 359—365 Broadway in the Winter Hill neighborhood of Somerville, Massachusetts.
 The architecturally eclectic brick building was built 1892-3 by members of the Langmaid family, who were local developers.
 The building is Queen Anne in inspiration with multiple roof lines, gables, and towers of varying heights and styles.
 Dormers project from the mansard roof, faced with stepped brick.
 The building has also achieved recent notice as the home of President Barack Obama while he attended Harvard Law School.
The building at 359 Broadway between Leonard and Franklin Streets in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City was built in 1852 and was designed by the firm of Field & Correja in the Italianate style.
Greenfield, also known as Petrolia, is a residential neighbourhood located in southwest Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
 While the official name of the neighbourhood is Greenfield, some residents will refer to the area as Petrolia.
 There is a small shopping centre, Petrolia Shopping Centre, located in the neighbourhood.
 The neighbourhood was named for Herbert Greenfield, the Premier of Alberta from 1921 to 1925, during the reign of the United Farmers of Alberta political party.
Zafaraniyeh (main street: Shahid Sarlashkar Fallahi) is an affluent neighbourhood in the north of Tehran, Iran.
 The name's origin lies in the fact that it was the residence of many saffron traders long ago, thus the name Zafaraniyeh (the Persian version of Saffronia).
 The Islamic Azad University of Tehran, Languages branch is located at the beginning of Zafaraniyeh that teaches English, German, French, Spanish, and other foreign languages.
 The museum of Sa'dabad Palace is situated at the end of this street, which also contains a culture house.
 There are plans to build a shopping center in Asef crossroad.
 The Moghaddas Ardebili Street connects Zafaraniyeh to Velenjak from east and to Valiasr Street and Elahieh from west.
 Zafaraniyeh is one of Teheran´s safest and most heavily guarded neighborhood due to the many Embassies, Ambassadorial residences and Iranian’s head of state who reside here.
 There is also a synagogue in this neighbourhood.
 The area is classed as being the best and most expensive area of Tehran, with many wealthy Iranians and non-Iranians living here.
 The area has many Billionaires and Millionaires and many of the residents also live abroad.
 The area consists of nearly all apartment blocks with only a few houses.
 It is near the longest city road in Asia, Vali-asr Street.
 This area of Vali-asr street has many boutiques that has shops such as Gucci, Rolex and Armani, Louis Vuitton etc. boutiques.
 Some of the great Zafaraniyeh Shopping Malls and Centers are listed below:
Civil Lines is a residential neighbourhood in Moradabad, India.
 It is one of the various Civil Lines neighbourhoods developed by the British Raj for the senior officers in British India.
 The Moradabad Club is also situated in this neighbourhood.
 Though a residential neighbourhood, commercial buildings can also be seen in the area.
 Moradabad's first shopping mall Crossroads Mall also came up in this neighbourhood in 2006.
 The area also has numerous schools, hospitals and shopping areas.
 The income tax department building is also located in the neighbourhood.
Lincoln Park is a neighbourhood in the southwest quadrant of Calgary, Alberta located north of Glenmore Trail and west of Crowchild Trail.
 Notable landmarks in the neighbourhood include Mount Royal University and the ATCO Industrial Park.
 The neighbourhood is located on the section of the former Canadian Forces Base Calgary that during World War II was a Royal Canadian Air Force airfield; the name of the district derives from a small area of military housing located between 54th Avenue S.W. and Glenmore Trail which was reserved for United States Air Force members stationed at the airfield during World War II.
The Sturgeon Bay Post Office, located at 359 Louisiana Ave., is the main post office in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, United States.
 The post office was built in 1937 and designed by Louis A. Simon in the Moderne style.
 The building is constructed in red brick; the front of the building surrounding the main entrance is faced in limestone, and the building also has limestone trim.
 The entrance is located atop a set of granite stairs with limestone sides; a pole lamp is located on each side of the stairs.
 A mural by Santos Zingale titled "Fruits of Sturgeon Bay", which was funded by the Treasury Section of Fine Arts, was painted in the post office's lobby in 1940.
Civil Lines is a residential neighbourhood in Budaun, India.
 It is one of the various Civil Lines neighbourhoods developed by the British Raj for the senior officers in British India.
 The Budaun Club is also situated in this neighbourhood.
 Though a residential neighbourhood, commercial buildings can also be seen in the area.
 The area also has numerous schools, hospitals and shopping areas.
 The income tax department building is also located in the neighbourhood.
 It was founded in 1853 when Budaun city was made the headquarter of district replacing Sahaswan.
