Coney Island Avenue is a roadway in the New York City borough of Brooklyn that runs north-south for a distance of roughly five miles, almost parallel to Ocean Parkway and Ocean Avenue.
 It begins at Brighton Beach Avenue in Coney Island and goes north to Park Circle at the southwest corner of Prospect Park, where it becomes Prospect Park Southwest.
 Near-parallel Ocean Parkway terminates five blocks south and three blocks west of that intersection, becoming the Prospect Expressway (New York State Route 27).
 Ocean Parkway originally extended north to Park Circle, where Coney Island Avenue meets Prospect Park, until construction of the Prospect Expressway replaced the northern half-mile of Ocean Parkway but included ramps to the edge of Prospect Park.
The West End Line or New Utrecht Avenue Line was a surface transit line in Brooklyn, New York City, United States, running along New Utrecht Avenue and other streets between Coney Island and Sunset Park.
 Built by the Brooklyn, Bath and Coney Island Railroad as a steam line, it became a trolley line, along which elevated trains ran until the new elevated BMT West End Line opened.
 This route is no longer part of any bus line; its southern part (south of Bath Beach) was part of a bus route - the B64, which replaced the 86th Street Line trolleys, until 2010.
 In 2013, the B64 route to Coney Island was restored.
Coney Island USA is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit arts organization founded in 1980 that is dedicated to the cultural and economic revitalization of the Coney Island neighborhood of the Borough of Brooklyn in New York City.
 Its landmark building in the heart Coney Island's amusement district houses a theater in which the organization presents "Sideshows by the Seashore", a showcase for performers with unusual talents that runs continuously during the warmer months, as well as the Coney Island Museum.
 It is also notable as the organizer of the annual Coney Island Mermaid Parade, the first of which took place in 1983.
The Coney Island Cyclone (better known as simply the Cyclone) is a historic wooden roller coaster that opened on June 26, 1927, in the Coney Island section of Brooklyn, New York City.
 On June 18, 1975, Dewey and Jerome Albert – owners of Astroland Park – entered into an agreement with New York City to operate the ride.
 Despite original plans by the city to scrap the ride in the early 1970s, the roller coaster was refurbished in the 1974 off-season and reopened on July 3, 1975.
 Astroland Park continued to invest millions over the years in the upkeep of the Cyclone.
 After Astroland closed in 2008, Carol Hill Albert, president of Cyclone Coasters, continued to operate it under a lease agreement with the city.
 In 2011, Luna Park took over operation of the Cyclone.
 It was declared a New York City landmark on July 12, 1988, and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 26, 1991.
Luna Park was an amusement park in Coney Island, Brooklyn, in New York City that opened in 1903.
 Built partly on the grounds of Sea Lion Park (1895), it was one of the three original iconic large parks built on Coney Island, the other two being Steeplechase Park (1897) and Dreamland (1904).
 Luna Park was located on the north side of Surf Avenue on a site between 8th street, 12th street and Neptune Avenue.
 The park was mostly destroyed by a fire in 1944.
Steeplechase Park was an amusement park in the Coney Island area of Brooklyn, New York created by George C. Tilyou (1862–1914) which operated from 1897 to 1964.
 It was the first of the three original iconic large parks built on Coney Island, the other two being Luna Park (1903) and Dreamland (1904).
 Steeplechase was Coney Island's longest lasting park.
 Unlike Dreamland, which burned in a fire in 1911, and Luna Park which, despite early success, saw its profitability disappear during the Great Depression, Steeplechase had kept itself financially profitable.
 The Tilyou family had been able to adapt the park to the changing times, bringing in new rides and new amusements to Steeplechase such as the Parachute Jump.
Luna Park is the name of an amusement park in the neighborhood of Coney Island, Brooklyn in New York City that opened on May 29, 2010 at the former site of Astroland, an amusement park that had been in operation for 46 years.
 It was named after the original 1903 Luna Park which existed until 1944 on a site just north of the current park's 1000 Surf Avenue location.
Gone to Coney Island and Booming Business are two 1910 American silent short comedy productions by the Thanhouser Company.
 Both were released together on a single film reel on July 5, 1910.
 "Gone to Coney Island" is a comedy that features Coney Island, which the mere subject would make for a successful film.
 "Booming Business" may have been the very type of slapstick comedy that Edwin Thanhouser specifically said the Thanhouser Company would not produce.
 The productions of both films have no credits for the cast or crew, but possible candidates for these roles exist.
 Reviews of the films favored "Gone to Coney Island", but some reviewers specifically refused to explain the plot because Coney Island subjects were deemed self-explanatory.
 "Booming Business" received one detailed review in "The New York Dramatic Mirror" which was negative.
 The films are presumed lost.
Culver Depot, also called Culver Terminal or Culver Plaza, was a railroad and streetcar terminal in Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York City, United States, located on the northern side of Surf Avenue near West 5th Street.
 It was just north of the boardwalk, near the former Luna Park amusement complex, and across from the current New York Aquarium.
 Originally built by the Prospect Park and Coney Island Railroad for the Culver surface line, it later became a major terminal for the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT).
Dreamland was an ambitious amusement park at Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York City from 1904 to 1911.
 It was the last, and considered the grandest, of the three original iconic large parks built on Coney Island, the other two being Steeplechase Park and Luna Park.
