Nicholas, Nikolas or Nicolas is a male given name, derived from the Greek name Νικόλαος ("Nikolaos"), a compound of νίκη "nikē" 'victory' and λαός; "laos" 'people', that is, victor of the people.
 The name became popular through Saint Nicholas, Bishop of Myra in Lycia, the inspiration for Santa Claus.
 The name Nikolaos (Νικόλαος) pre-existed the Bishop of Myra who became Saint Nicholas, by several centuries.
 The Athenian historian Thucydides mentions that in the second year of the Peloponnesian war (431 to 404 BC) between Sparta and Athens, the Spartans sent a delegation to the Persian king to ask for his help to fight the Athenians; Nikolaos was one of the delegates.
 The customary English version of spelling "Nicholas", using an "h", first came into use in the 12th century and has been firmly established since the Reformation, though "Nicolas" is occasionally used.
Prince Hermann Friedrich of Leiningen (born 16 April 1963) is the younger son of Prince Karl of Leiningen and his wife Princess Marie Louise of Bulgaria.
 Hermann was born in Toronto, Ontario, as Hermann Friedrich Fernando Roland.
 Through his mother, Hermann is a grandson of King Boris III of Bulgaria, a great-grandson of King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy and -great-great-grandson of King Nicholas of Montenegro.
 Through his father, he is a great-great-great grandson of Queen Victoria (thus in the line of succession to the British throne), as well as Tsar Alexander II of Russia.
 According to Marlene Eilers, Hermann of Leiningen belongs to the Eastern Orthodox Church.
 His paternal grandmother was Grand Duchess Maria Kirillovna Romanova of Russia and his maternal grandmother was Princess Giovanna of Savoia, daughter of King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy.
Theo Fabergé (London, 26 September 1922 - 20 August 2007) was the grandson of Peter Carl Fabergé.
 His father Nicholas Fabergé, Carl’s youngest son, arrived in London in 1906 to help run the only branch of ‘The House of Fabergé’ outside Russia, in Dover Street, London.
 After 1917 Nicholas remained in London and in 1922 his son, Theo Fabergé was born.
Nicholas V, also known as Nicholas VIII (Georgian: ნიკოლოზ V/VIII , "Nikoloz"; 1529 – 1591) was the Catholicos Patriarch of Georgia from 28 February 1584 to 1591.
 He was born into the Bagrationi dynasty of Kakheti, a son of King Levan (r. 1520–1574).
 He was canonized by the Georgian Orthodox Church as the Holy Father Nicholas the Catholicos of Georgia, his feast day marked on 18 February (N.S.: 2 March).
Nicholas Netterville of Dowth, County Meath, Ireland, was born 1581, and succeeded his father, John Netterville, on 20 September 1601.
 Although an enemy accused them of being "but a mean family" the Nettervilles had been in Ireland since c.1280 and had been established at Dowth since before 1500; they were related to many of the leading families of The Pale including Lord Howth and the Luttrells of Luttrellstown Castle.
 Nicholas was the grandson of Luke Netterville, judge of the Court of King's Bench (Ireland) and nephew of the statesman Richard Netterville.
 His mother was Eleanor Gernon, daughter of Sir James Gernon.
 Being "a person of many good qualities" he was created, 3 April 1622, Viscount Netterville, of Dowth in the County Meath, taking his seat, 14 July 1634.
 He died 1654 and was buried at Mountown, County Dublin.
Nicholas Michael de Roumanie Medforth-Mills (born 1 April 1985) is the eldest child and only son of Princess Elena of Romania and Robin Medforth-Mills.
 As a grandson of the former king of Romania, Michael I, he was third in line to the defunct throne of Romania according to a new family statute enacted in 2007, that also conferred the title of a "Prince of Romania" on him which was abrogated in 2015.
 The statute, and the titles it confers, have no standing in present Romanian law.
Saint Nicholas' Day, observed on December 6 in Western Christian countries, December 5 in the Netherlands and December 19 in Eastern Christian countries, is the feast day of Saint Nicholas.
 It is celebrated as a Christian festival with particular regard to his reputation as a bringer of gifts, as well as through the attendance of Mass or worship services.
 In Europe, especially in "Germany and Poland, boys would dress as bishops begging alms for the poor."
 In Ukraine, children wait for St. Nicholas to come and to put a present under their pillows provided that the children were good during the year.
 Children who behaved badly may expect to find a twig or a piece of coal under their pillows.
 In the Netherlands, "Dutch children put out a clog filled with hay and a carrot for Saint Nicholas' horse.
 On Saint Nicholas' Day, gifts are tagged with personal humorous rhymes written by the sender."
 In the United States, one custom associated with Saint Nicholas Day is children leaving their shoes in the foyer on Saint Nicholas Eve in hope that Saint Nicholas will place some coins on the soles, for them to awake to.
Neferkare Ramesses IX (also written Ramses) (originally named Amon-her-khepshef Khaemwaset) (ruled 1129 – 1111 BC) was the eighth king of the Twentieth dynasty of Egypt.
 He was the third longest serving king of this Dynasty after Ramesses III and Ramesses XI.
 He is now believed to have assumed the throne on I Akhet day 21 based on evidence presented by Jürgen von Beckerath in a 1984 GM article.
 According to Papyrus Turin 1932+1939, Ramesses IX enjoyed a reign of 18 Years and 4 months and died in his 19th Year in the first month of Peret between day 17 and 27.
 His throne name, Neferkare Setepenre, means "Beautiful Is The Soul of Re, Chosen of Re."
 Ramesses IX is believed to be the son of Mentuherkhepeshef, a son of Ramesses III since Montuherkhopshef's wife, the lady Takhat bears the prominent title of King's Mother on the walls of tomb KV10 which she usurped and reused in the late 20th dynasty; no other 20th dynasty king is known to have had a mother with this name.
 Ramesses IX was, therefore, probably a grandson of Ramesses III.
Valentine Browne, 1st Viscount Kenmare (1638–1694), was an Irish peer.
 He was the son of Sir Valentine Brown and his wife, Mary MacCarty.
 He was created Viscount Kenmare in the Peerage of Ireland on 20 May 1689, by King James II, after his deposition by the English Parliament, but while he still possessed his rights as King of Ireland.
 At the time James was presiding over the short-lived Patriot Parliament.
 The peerage remained on the Irish patent roll in a constitutionally ambiguous position, but was not formally recognised by the Protestant political establishment.
 By his wife Jane Plunkett, daughter of Nicholas Plunkett and his wife Catherine Turner.
 He was the father of Nicholas, 2nd Viscount; his son's estates were forfeit but were recovered by his grandson.
Nicholas Alexios Alexis (1761-1818) was a key figure and a resistance leader in the independence struggle in Crete.
 He was born in Marmaketo, a village of Lassithi Plateau, in 1761 when Crete was part of the Ottoman sovereignty.
 He was a son of Alexios Alexis (1692-1786) and a grandson of the nobleman Misser Alexis (1637- ? )
.
 Nicholas lived under Turkish domination; Crete was a territory of the Venetian Republic up to 1669 and an Ottoman territory thereafter.
