MICOM Film and TV Productions was established in 1989 by Sreco Mihelcic in a Former Yugoslavian republic Slovenia.
 In the early 90' company joined two sons, Matjaz Mihelcic - Program director, Producer and Vasja Mihelcic - technical director and Executive Producer.
 MICOM was in 1990s the leading Slovenian creative house, producing TV shows for youth, popular entertainment TV shows and discovered many new TV concepts.
 Micom discovered many talents, different creative people and gave them possibility to express themselves.
 The most popular TV shows were: Lahkih nog naokrog (educational youth TV series), Cari zacimb (entertaining cooking TV series), Razpoke v casu (fantasy TV series).
 They also produced documentary movies.
 One of them got in 1996 internationally release - Fight for the river and it's distributed by International Historic Films.
.
 In the beginning of 2000 company joined Marjana Mihelcic.
 It was a family based company with long tradition in show and entertainment business.
 Micom produced around 30.000 minutes of program for National TV Slovenia and other media.
 In 2002 company stopped producing because of the tragedy in the family.
 Both sons went separate way and build their own Film and TV production house.
Neha Sargam is an Indian actress.
 Neha was born and still lives in Patna.
 She is a graduate from Patna Women's College.
 Neha has appeared in "Indian Idol" 4 in 2009.
 She appears in the cast for "Chand Chupa Badal Mein" and "Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai" as well as ' 'Ramayan (2012 TV series)" as Sita.
 She is currently acting in "Paramavatar Shri Krishna" as Lakshmi.
 She was dating fellow co-star Neil Bhatt (from Ramayan (2012 TV series)) for three years, but broke up due to personal reasons in 2016.
 She has also worked in the serials, "Punar Vivah" and "Doli Armaano Ki", Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?
...Ek Baar Phir, and Yeh Hai Aashiqui.
The Saint is a 2017 espionage thriller TV movie directed by Ernie Barbarash and starring Adam Rayner in the title role of Simon Templar, created by Leslie Charteris.
 This was Sir Roger Moore's final film appearance and the film was dedicated to his memory; Moore portrayed Templar in a 1960s TV series of the same title.
 Filmed in 2013 as a television pilot for a proposed TV series, the film was not originally intended for release when the series was not picked up.
 It eventually saw release direct-to-video in 2017 when it was released in tribute to Moore following his death.
 Ian Ogilvy, who portrayed Templar in a 1970s TV series titled "Return of the Saint", also appears.
Josquin Des Pres (Born Josquin Turenne Des Pres) is a 20th-century French born American composer, bassist, author, producer, songwriter and most known for his contributions to music media books for Hal Leonard Corporation and Mel Bay instructional music books.
 Josquin has written a vast library of compositions and music techniques on bass, music studies and various collections which are used by music teachers, private studies and in schools both nationally and internationally as a standard tool in the music industry.
 Des Pres is also a collaborative writer with English lyricist, poet, and singer Bernie Taupin on several compositions.
 Josquin Des Pres also writes musical scores and music trailers for more than 40 major TV networks and television shows including The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Bachelor (U.S. TV series), American Idol, The Tyra Banks Show, George Lopez (TV series), Anderson Cooper, TMZ on TV, Extra (TV program), American Chopper, Pawn Stars, Deadliest Catch, CNN, NBC, HGTV, TBS (U.S. TV channel), Bravo (U.S. TV network), Food Network, Animal Planet, Discovery Channel, History (U.S. TV channel), Travel Channel, CBS Television Stations, Viacom, VH1, ABC, BET, KPBS (TV), TLC (TV network), and The CW Network.
 His works are also known on MTV Networks Television Series Catfish, The Seven, When I Was Seventeen, MTV Cribs, Pimp My Ride, Teen Mom, True Life and 10 on Top.
Oded Fehr (Hebrew: עודד פהר‎ ‎ ; born on November 23, 1970) is an Israeli film and television actor now based in the United States.
 He is known for his appearance as Ardeth Bay in the 1999 remake of "The Mummy" and its sequel "The Mummy Returns", as well as Carlos Oliveira in "", "" and "", Faris al-Farik in "Sleeper Cell", the demon Zankou in the TV series "Charmed" and Eli Cohn on the TV series "V".
 He recently portrayed Eyal Lavin, a Mossad agent, on the TV series "Covert Affairs", as well as Beau Bronn on the TV series "Jane by Design" and Mossad Deputy Director Ilan Bodnar on "NCIS".
Kevin Carter (13 September 1960 – 27 July 1994) was a South African photojournalist and member of the Bang-Bang Club.
 He was the recipient of a Pulitzer Prize for his photograph depicting the 1993 famine in Sudan.
 He committed suicide at the age of 33.
 His story is depicted in the 2010 feature film "The Bang-Bang Club", in which he was played by Taylor Kitsch.
"Pepys' Diary" is a comic song written and performed by Benny Hill.
 Written to spoof a then-current TV series about the diarist Samuel Pepys starring Peter Sallis, it was one of Hill's favourites amongst his compositions.
 Hill performed it on his show "The Benny Hill Show" in 1958, 1971 and 1989
Brian D. Siewert, alternatively credited with or without his middle initial, is an American public speaker, multiple Emmy-Award winning concert and television composer, producer, musician, arranger and visual artist.
 He has worked on "The Guiding Light - CBS" (1996–2009) as Principal Composer/Songwriter, "As the World Turns - CBS" (1995-2010) as Principal Composer/Songwriter and Supervising Music Producer, "General Hospital" - ABC (TV Series), "The Oprah Winfrey Show (TV series)", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" (2003), "Another World (TV series) - NBC" (1995-1999),"The Tyra Banks Show" Syndicated, "The Dr. Oz Show" Syndicated, "Sunset Beach (TV series) - NBC" (1997-1998), "eXtra (TV series) - Syndicated", "Access Hollywood (TV series) - Syndicated", "Street Smarts", "elimiDATE", "Celebrity Justice", "The Sharon Osbourne Show", and "The Real Gilligan's Island".
 Siewert is the recipient of both ASCAP and BMI (Broadcast Music, Inc.) Awards for his work in Film/TV Music.
The Bang-Bang Club is a 2010 Canadian-South African biographical drama film written and directed by Steven Silver and stars Ryan Phillippe as Greg Marinovich, Malin Åkerman as Robin Comley, Taylor Kitsch as Kevin Carter, as Ken Oosterbroek and Neels Van Jaarsveld as João Silva.
 They portray the lives of four photojournalists active within the townships of South Africa during the Apartheid period, particularly between 1990 and 1994, from when Nelson Mandela was released from prison to the 1994 elections.
Benjamin "Benny" Ciaramello"' (born April 4, 1981) is an American actor.
 He first appeared in the blockbuster remake of "War of the Worlds" directed by Steven Spielberg in 2005, next in the independent film "Saint Francis" alongside Dita Von Teese, and then later that same year in "The Guardian" alongside Ashton Kutcher and Kevin Costner.
 He would continue on next to star opposite Isabella Rossellini in the showtime pilot "Filthy Gorgeous" written by Ron Nyswaner the Academy Award nominated writer of the film "Philadelphia" and produced by Neil Meron and Craig Zadan the Academy Award-winning producing team of "Chicago".
 However, it wasn't until two years later that he became most known to the public for his role as Santiago Herrera, the troubled delinquent in season 2 of the Emmy Award-winning "Friday Night Lights".
 Shortly after, he signed a deal with ABC in which he guest starred on multiple programs for the network including his recent work as Scott Murphy in the ABC series "Secrets and Lies" opposite Juliette Lewis and Ryan Phillippe in 2015.
 He has recently been cast in the 1920s crime film "Live By Night" as Paulo Bartolo alongside Ben Affleck and Chris Messina.
 The film will be directed by Affleck, produced by Leonardo DiCaprio and Warner Brothers, and is set to be released in October 2017.
