Oowekyala , also "Ooweekeeno" and "Wuikyala" in the language itself, is a dialect (or a sublanguage) of Heiltsuk-Oowekyala, a Northern Wakashan language spoken around Rivers Inlet and Owikeno Lake in the Central Coast region of the Canadian province of British Columbia, spoken by the Wuikinuxv, whose government is the Wuikinuxv Nation.
Heythrop Park is a Grade II* listed early 18th-century country house 1 mi southeast of Heythrop in Oxfordshire.
 It was designed by the architect Thomas Archer in the Baroque style for Charles Talbot, 1st Duke of Shrewsbury.
 A fire in 1831 destroyed the original interior.
 From 1922 until 1999 Heythrop housed first a Jesuit tertiary education college, and later a training establishment.
 The house is now the main building of the Heythrop Park Hotel, Golf & Country Club.
The Boeremag is the label given to a group of men convicted of treason in South Africa, whose government described them as an extremist South African right-wing militia with white separatist aims.
 The Boeremag were accused of planning to overthrow the ruling African National Congress government and to reinstate a new Boer-administered republic reminiscent of the era when Boers administered independent republics during the 19th century following the Great Trek.
Pavilion Mountain is a mountain in the Marble Range in the South Cariboo region of the South-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of the ranching and First Nations community of Pavilion and to the north of Marble Canyon and immediately south of Kelly Lake, which is the focus of Downing Provincial Park.
 The term Pavilion Mountain is also used to refer to the historic ranch and associated rangeland on the "bench" on the mountain's southwestern side, and also to the road which traverses that benchland and the mountain's western shoulder and is the route of the Old Cariboo Road.
 The switchback descent from the summit of the road was known as the Rattlesnake Grade and was an infamous stretch of the old wagon road.
 From a junction at the road-summit, a road leads east along the spine of the mountain to the peak, which is the site of a microwave relay and former fire lookout.
 The mountain's only named subpeak, Mount Carson, at 2005 metres (6578 ft, prominence: 120 m), is southeast of the fire lookout and is named for the original owner of the ranch and was briefly misapplied as the name of Pavilion Mountain.
 Robert Carson was one of the first settlers in the region and whose sons later became prominent MLAs and provincial cabinet ministers.
 The north wall of Marble Canyon is essentially the southeast buttress of Pavilion Mountain.
The Politics of Mexico take place in a framework of a federal presidential representative democratic republic whose government is based on a congressional system, whereby the President of Mexico is both head of state and head of government, and of a multi-party system.
 The federal government represents the United Mexican States and is divided into three branches: executive, legislative and judicial, as established by the Political Constitution of the United Mexican States, published in 1917.
 The constituent states of the federation must also have a republican form of government based on a congressional system as established by their respective constitutions.
The Seneschal's House stands at the corner of Halton Brow and Main Street, Halton, Runcorn, Cheshire, England.
 It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
 The house is dated 1598, which makes it the oldest standing building in Runcorn.
 It was latterly a farmhouse although was originally built by the judge John King, called to the bar in London in the late 16th century and was originally known as "John King's New House"; the occupation of the original owner of the house, led to a later owner, Geoffrey Barraclough, Professor of History at Liverpool University in the mid 20th century coining the current name of the house.
 The house was, in fact, inhabited originally by a seneschal, that is the original owner, John King.
Spain Library Park ("Parque Biblioteca España") is a library park located in the Santo Domingo Savio neighborhood of Medellín, Colombia.
 It is named after the country of Spain, whose government helped fund the project through the Spanish Agency for International Development Cooperation.
Orzocorre I (also spelled "Onroco" or "Orsocorre"; perhaps born as "Torbeno") was the Judge of Arborea from circa 1070 (at least by 1073) to circa 1100 and is the first ruler of Arborea about whom anything substantial is known.
 He was the founder of an Arborean dynasty which reigned until 1185.
 He succeeded Marianus I, about whose government nothing is known, though some presume that Orzocorre was his son.
 If true, this would make Orzocorre a member of the Thori family.
A dry county is a county in the United States whose government forbids the sale of any kind of alcoholic beverages.
 Some prohibit off-premises sale, some prohibit on-premises sale, and some prohibit both.
 Hundreds of dry counties exist across the United States, a majority of them in the South.
 A number of smaller jurisdictions also exist, such as cities, towns, and townships, which prohibit the sale of alcoholic beverages.
 These are known as dry cities, dry towns, or dry townships.
Jonathan Jakubowicz is a Venezuelan filmmaker and writer, whose film "Secuestro Express" was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the British Independent Film Awards and was a "New York Times" "Critics' Pick" in 2005.
 He is Jewish of Polish descent.
 Secuestro Express became the nation's biggest box office hit of all time, which enraged then-President Hugo Chavez, whose government opened two trials against Jakubowicz, who was forced to leave Venezuela.
