The Carolina–Duke rivalry refers to the rivalry between the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill Tar Heels (Carolina) and Duke University Blue Devils (Duke).
 It most often refers to the athletic rivalries between the Duke Blue Devils and North Carolina Tar Heels athletic teams.
 The Carolina–Duke rivalry is fierce, particularly in men's college basketball.
 It is considered one of the most intense rivalries in all of sports: a poll conducted by ESPN in 2000 ranked the basketball rivalry as the third greatest North American sports rivalry, and "Sports Illustrated on Campus" named it the #1 "Hottest Rivalry" in college basketball and the #2 rivalry overall in its November 18, 2003 issue.
 The intensity of the rivalry is augmented by the proximity of the two universities—they are located only ten miles apart along U.S. Highway 15–501 (also known as Tobacco Road) or eight miles apart in straight-line distance.
 In addition, both Duke and Carolina are considered highly prestigious universities, which, coupled with their vastly different funding structures and cultures—Carolina is a public school while Duke is private—contributes to the ferocity of the rivalry.
Joseph James Wolf (born December 17, 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He was the 13th overall pick of the 1987 NBA Draft, selected by the Los Angeles Clippers.
 He played college basketball at the University of North Carolina and reached the NCAA tournament all four years under coach Dean Smith.
 He earned the Carmichael-Cobb Award as UNC's outstanding defensive player and the Jimmie Dempsey Award as UNC's overall statistical leader as a senior in 1987.
 Lastly, he was elected ACC First Team and ACC All-Tournament Team.
 He averaged 4.2 points and 3.3 rebounds per game throughout an 11-year professional career.
 He was the former assistant coach for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association.
The Dawn Staley Award was established in 2013 to "recognize the nation’s best guard in Women’s Division I college basketball".
 It was established by the Phoenix club of Philadelphia, an organization established to recognize the achievements of outstanding male and female basketball players.
 The award was named after Dawn Staley, a Philadelphia native recognized as one of the nation's best guards in women's college basketball history.
 The organization establish a watchlist of potential winners during the year and at the end of the season selects the player who "exemplifies the skills that Dawn possessed throughout her career; ball handling, scoring, her ability to distribute the basketball and her will to win".
Walter Dennis Skidmore (November 19, 1903 – April 13, 1993) was an American basketball coach.
 he was best known for being the head coach of the North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team from 1935 through 1939.
 Skidmore had a record of 65–25 with the Tar Heels and led his team to win the Southern Conference Tournament in 1936 and Southern Conference regular season championship in 1938.
 In his last year of coaching, Skidmore coached George Glamack who went on to become a star player at North Carolina.
 Skidmore took over coaching after Bo Shepard left as head coach due to health problems.
 Skidmore was a native of Harlan County, Kentucky, and the son of a coal miner.
 He attended Centre College in Kentucky, graduating in 1926.
 Before becoming the head basketball coach at North Carolina, Skidmore had coached the North Carolina junior varsity and Charlotte High School teams.
 He retired from coaching in 1939 and moved to Letcher County, Kentucky.
 From 1955 to 1970, Skidmore operated the Tar Heel Motel in Clinton, North Carolina.
 In April 1993, Skidmore died in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, at age 89.
Rasheed Abdul "Sheed" Wallace (born September 17, 1974) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 16 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 A native of Philadelphia, Wallace played college basketball at the University of North Carolina before moving on to the NBA in 1995.
Norman Lesley Sloan, Jr. (June 25, 1926 – December 9, 2003), nicknamed "Stormin' Norman," was an American college basketball player and coach.
 Sloan was a native of Indiana and played college basketball and football at North Carolina State University.
 He began a long career as a basketball coach months after graduating from college in 1951, and he was the men's basketball head coach at Presbyterian College, The Citadel, North Carolina State University, and two stints as at the University of Florida.
 Over a career that spanned thirty-eight seasons, Sloan was named conference coach of the year five times and won the 1974 national championship at North Carolina State, his alma mater.
John Brownlee (born in Fort Worth, Texas) is a former American professional basketball player.
 He is listed at 6'10" and 230 lbs.
 He played his first two years of college basketball at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 He played just 13 games in his freshman year, averaging 0.7 points per game.
 In his sophomore season, however, he played 33 games and averaged 1.3 points per game as the designated back up to center Sam Perkins as the Tar Heels won the 1981-82 NCAA Men's Basketball championship.
 He then transferred to The University of Texas at Austin.
 He played 28 games in his third season of college basketball, averaging 13.8 points per game.
 In his final year, he took part in 31 games for the Longhorns and led the team in scoring with a 17.0 points per game average.
 This earned him the 1986 Southwest Conference Player of the Year.
 Brownlee was selected in the fourth round (78th pick overall) of the 1986 NBA Draft by the Los Angeles Clippers.
 During rookie-free agent camp, Brownlee suffered an injury when he dislocated his little finger during scrimmage.
 He never got his chance to play in the NBA.
 He then travelled overseas to France and Belgium to play professionally for 4 years.
Dean Edwards Smith (February 28, 1931 – February 7, 2015) was an American men's college basketball head coach.
 Called a "coaching legend" by the Basketball Hall of Fame, he coached for 36 years at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 Smith coached from 1961 to 1997 and retired with 879 victories, which was the NCAA Division I men's basketball record at that time.
 Smith had the 9th highest winning percentage of any men's college basketball coach (77.6%).
 During his tenure as head coach, North Carolina won two national championships and appeared in 11 Final Fours. Smith played college basketball at the University of Kansas, where he won a national championship in 1952 playing for Hall of fame coach Phog Allen.
Brandon Xavier Ingram (born September 2, 1997) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Ingram had a successful high school basketball career at Kinston in North Carolina, where he won state titles each of his four years of high school and was named North Carolina's Mr. Basketball.
 He played one season of college basketball for Duke University, where he was named Atlantic Coast Conference Rookie of the Year.
 After the season, Ingram decided to forego his remaining college eligibility and declared for the 2016 NBA draft, where he was selected second overall by the Lakers.
The North Carolina–NC State football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the North Carolina Tar Heels football team of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and NC State Wolfpack football team of North Carolina State University.
 Both universities are members of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and are permanent cross-division opponents.
 North Carolina leads the all-time series 66–34–6, though the rivalry has been very competitive in the ACC era.
 North Carolina State won the most recent contest, 28-21, on November 25, 2016.
 The Wolfpack has also won two of the last three, and seven of the last ten games between the schools.
 It is annually anticipated as the biggest college football game in the state of North Carolina.
