A teaching method comprises the principles and methods used by teachers to enable student learning.
 These strategies are determined partly on subject matter to be taught and partly by the nature of the learner.
 For a particular teaching method to be appropriate and efficient it has to be in relation with the characteristic of the learner and the type of learning it is supposed to bring about.
Singapore math (or Singapore maths in British English) is a teaching method based on the national mathematics curriculum used for kindergarten through sixth grade in Singapore.
 The term was coined in the United States to describe an approach originally developed in Singapore to teach students to learn and master fewer mathematical concepts at greater detail as well as having them learn these concepts using a three-step learning process: concrete, pictorial, and abstract.
 In the concrete step, students engage in hands-on learning experiences using concrete objects such as chips, dice, or paper clips.
 This is followed by drawing pictorial representations of mathematical concepts.
 Students then solve mathematical problems in an abstract way by using numbers and symbols.
The Orff Schulwerk, or simply the Orff Approach, is a developmental approach used in music education.
 It combines music, movement, drama, and speech into lessons that are similar to child's world of play.
 It was developed by the German composer Carl Orff (1895–1982) and colleague Gunild Keetman during the 1920s.
 Carl Orff worked until the end of his life to continue the development and spread of his teaching method.
 The Orff Approach is now used throughout the world to teach students in a natural and comfortable environment.
 The term "schulwerk" is German for (literally) "school work" or "schooling", in this regard in the area of music.
Mathematics education in New York in regard to both content and teaching method can vary depending on the type of school a person attends.
 Private school math education varies between schools whereas New York has statewide public school requirements where standardized tests are used to determine if the teaching method and educator are effective in transmitting content to the students.
 While an individual private school can choose the content and educational method to use, New York State mandates content and methods statewide.
 Some public schools have and continue to use established methods, such as Montessori for teaching such required content.
 New York State has used various foci of content and methods of teaching math including New Math (1960s), 'back to the basics' (1970s), Whole Math (1990s), Integrated Math, and Everyday Mathematics.
The Silent Way is a language-teaching method created by Caleb Gattegno that makes extensive use of silence as a teaching method.
 Gattegno introduced the method in 1963, in his book "Teaching Foreign Languages in Schools: The Silent Way".
 Gattegno was critical of mainstream language education at the time, and he based the method on his general theories of education rather than on existing language pedagogy.
 It is usually regarded as an "alternative" language-teaching method; Cook groups it under "other styles", Richards groups it under "alternative approaches and methods" and Jin & Cortazzi group it under "Humanistic or Alternative Approaches".
A didactic method (Greek: διδάσκειν "didáskein", "to teach") is a teaching method that follows a consistent scientific approach or educational style to present information to students.
 The didactic method of instruction is often contrasted with dialectics and the Socratic method; the term can also be used to refer to a specific didactic method, as for instance constructivist didactics.
Microscale chemistry (often referred to as small-scale chemistry, in German: ) is an analytical method and also a teaching method widely used at school and at university levels, working with small quantities of chemical substances.
 While much of traditional chemistry teaching centers on multi-gramme preparations, milligrammes of substances are sufficient for microscale chemistry.
 In universities, modern and expensive lab glassware is used and modern methods for detection and characterization of the produced substances are very common.
 In schools and in many countries of the Southern hemisphere, small-scale working takes place with low-cost and even no-cost material.
 There has always been a place for small-scale working in qualitative analysis, but the new developments can encompass much of chemistry a student is likely to meet.
The DARCEE teaching method is named after the Demonstration and Research Center for Early Education which was established in 1966 and directed by Susan Gray at the George Peabody College of Nashville, Tennessee.
 The teaching method is focused towards preschool children, especially those from low income homes, in an effort to foster and develop attitudes and skills that will support future learning.
Maggie Gripenberg (11 June 1881 – 28 July 1976) was a pioneer of modern dance in Finland.
 She was the first to introduce Dalcroze Eurhythmics to Finland and modeled her early works on the improvisational style of Isadora Duncan.
 As a dancer, choreographer and teacher, she laid the educational foundations for the study of movement and dance.
 She was recognized by numerous awards for her choreographic work as well as being honored with the Pro Finlandia Medal and as a knight of the Order of the White Rose of Finland.
Movement in learning is a teaching method based on the concept that humans learn better through movement.
 This teaching method can be applied to students, who should have the opportunity throughout a class period to move around to take "brain breaks" to refocus their attention so they can learn new material.
 Brain research suggests that physical activity prior to class (in PE for example) and during class, increases students' ability to process and retain new material.
 This is a new and controversial development in education, and, to date, has little research and empirical data to support this trend.
 However, anecdotal evidence regarding the benefits of incorporating movement in the classroom is promising.
