The Dark Glow of the Mountains (Gasherbrum - Der Leuchtende Berg) is a TV documentary made in 1984 by German filmmaker Werner Herzog.
 It is about an expedition made by freestyle mountain climber Reinhold Messner and his partner Hans Kammerlander to climb Gasherbrum II and Gasherbrum I all in one trip without returning to base camp.
 The film is not so much concerned with showing the climb itself or giving guidelines on mountaineering, but seeks to reveal the inner motivation of the climbers.
Nazir Sabir Urdu: نذیر صابر is a Pakistani mountaineer.
 He was born in Hunza.
 He has climbed Mount Everest and four of the five 8000 m peaks in Pakistan, including the world's second highest mountain K2 in 1981, Gasherbrum II 8035m, Broad Peak 8050m in 1982, and Gasherbrum I (Hidden Peak) 8068m in 1992.
 He became the first from Pakistan to have climbed Everest on 17 May 2000 as a team member on the Mountain Madness Everest Expedition led by Christine Boskoff from USA that also included famed Everest climber Peter Habeler of Austria and eight Canadians.
Ji Hyeon-ok (Hangul: 지현옥 ) (1959-1999) was a South Korean mountaineer.
 Born in Nonsan, she climbed several of the tallest mountains in the world, including Denali (Mount McKinley) in 1988, Mount Everest, in 1993, becoming the first Korean woman to do so, Gasherbrum I, in 1997 and Gasherbrum II, in 1998.
Hassan Sadpara PP (born Hassan Asad; April 1963 – 21 November 2016) was a Pakistani mountaineer and adventurer from Skardu in GB, Pakistan.
 He is the first Pakistani to have climbed six eight-thousanders including the world's highest peak Everest (8848m) besides K2 (8611m), Gasherbrum I (8080m), Gasherbrum II (8034m), Nanga Parbat (8126 m), Broad Peak (8051m).
 He is also credited for summiting five of the eight-thousanders without using supplemental oxygen.
 Contrary to initial reports, Hassan Sadpara clarified that he used supplemental oxygen during his Everest ascent due to bad weather.
 He died due to cancer on 21 November 2016 in Rawalpindi.
Gasherbrum II (Urdu: ‎ ); surveyed as K4, is the 13th highest mountain in the world at 8035 m above sea level.
 It is the third-highest peak of the Gasherbrum massif, and is located in the Karakoram, on the border between Gilgit–Baltistan province, Pakistan, and Xinjiang, China.
 The mountain was first climbed on July 7, 1956, by an Austrian expedition which included Fritz Moravec, Josef Larch, and Hans Willenpart.
This is a list of the tallest mountains in the Solar System.
 The tallest peak or peaks on worlds where significant mountains have been measured are given; in some cases, the tallest peaks of different classes on a world are also listed.
 At 21.9 km, the enormous shield volcano Olympus Mons on Mars is the tallest mountain on any planet.
 For 40 years, following its discovery in 1971, it was the tallest mountain known in the Solar System.
 However, in 2011, the central peak of the crater Rheasilvia on the asteroid and protoplanet Vesta was found to be of comparable height.
The Karakoram, or Karakorum is a large mountain range spanning the borders of Pakistan, India, and China, with the northwest extremity of the range extending to Afghanistan and Tajikistan.
 It is located in the regions of Gilgit–Baltistan (Pakistan), Ladakh (India), and southern Xinjiang (China), and reaches the Wakhan Corridor (Afghanistan).
 A part of the complex of ranges from the Hindu Kush to the Himalayan Range, it is one of the Greater Ranges of Asia.
 The Karakoram is home to the four most closely located peaks over 8000m in height on earth: K2, the second highest peak in the world at 8611 m , Gasherbrum I, Broad Peak and Gasherbrum II.
Burji La (or Burji Pass) is a natural pass in mountains between Skardu and Deosai National Park in Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan.
 Its elevation is 4816 meters.
 It is famous especially for its beautiful panoramic view of so many mountain peaks, including that of K2, Nanga Parbat, Masherbrum, Chogolisa, Laila Peak, Golden Peak, Gasherbrum I, Gasherbrum II, Gasherbrum IV and a part of Broad Peak mountain.
Gasherbrum III (Urdu: گاشر برم -3‎ ; ), surveyed as K3a, is a summit in the Gasherbrum massif of the Baltoro Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram on the border between Xinjiang, China and Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
 It is situated between Gasherbrum II and IV.
Gasherbrum I (Urdu: ‎ ; ), surveyed as K5 and also known as Hidden Peak, is the 11th highest mountain in the world at 8080 m above sea level.
 It is located on the Pakistani–Chinese border in Gilgit–Baltistan region of Pakistan and Xinjiang region of China.
 Gasherbrum I is part of the Gasherbrum massif, located in the Karakoram region of the Himalaya.
 Gasherbrum is often claimed to mean "Shining Wall", presumably a reference to the highly visible face of the neighboring peak Gasherbrum IV; but in fact it comes from "rgasha" (beautiful) + "brum" (mountain) in Balti, hence it actually means "beautiful mountain."
