In North America, a bowl game is one of a number of post-season college football games that are primarily played by teams belonging to the NCAA's Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS).
 Prior to 2002, bowl game statistics were not included in players' career totals and the games were mostly considered to be exhibition games involving a payout to participating teams.
 While teams once had to meet strict bowl eligibility requirements to receive an invitation to a bowl game, the number of bowl games has grown in recent years, climbing to 40 team-competitive games (not including the College Football Playoff National Championship) starting in the 2015–16 bowl season, although this number will drop to 39 in the 2017–18 bowl season.
 The increase in bowl games has necessitated the steady easing of the NCAA bowl eligibility rules since 2006, as teams with a losing record are often required to fill some of the 78 available bowl slots.
The Auburn Tigers college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing the Auburn University in the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
 Auburn has played their home games at Jordan–Hare Stadium in Auburn, Alabama since 1939.
 The Tigers have won two national championships,completed 7 perfect seasons, recorded 15 total conference championships, appeared in 38 post-season bowl games(winning 22), and have appeared 5 times in the SEC Championship Game as the Western Division representative.
 The Associated Press (AP) ranks Auburn eleventh in all-time Final AP Poll appearances.
 With 733 wins, Auburn ranks 12th all-time in win-loss records in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision.
The NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), formerly known as Division I-A, is the top level of college football in the United States.
 The FBS is the most competitive subdivision of NCAA Division I, which itself consists of the largest and most competitive schools in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).
 As of the current 2017 college football season, there are 10 conferences and 130 schools in FBS.
 Despite the popularity of the professional National Football League, college football is very popular throughout much of the United States, and the top schools generate tens of millions of dollars in yearly revenue.
 Top FBS teams draw tens of thousands of fans to games, and the ten largest American stadiums by capacity all host FBS teams.
 College athletes are not paid, but colleges are allowed to provide players with non-monetary compensation such as athletic scholarships that provide for tuition, housing, and books.
The College Football Playoff National Championship is a post-season college football bowl game, used to determine a national champion of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), which began play in the 2014 college football season.
 The game serves as the final of the College Football Playoff, a bracket tournament between the top four teams in the country as determined by a selection committee, which was established as a successor to the Bowl Championship Series and its similar BCS National Championship Game.
 Unlike the BCS championship, the participating teams in the College Football Playoff National Championship are determined by two semi-final bowls—hosted by two of the consortium's six member bowls yearly—and the top two teams as determined by the selection committee do not automatically advance to the game in lieu of other bowls.
The Hawaiʻ i Bowl is a post-season National Collegiate Athletic Association Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game that has been played annually at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii since 2002.
 Typically played on either Christmas Day or Christmas Eve, the game matches teams from either Conference USA or the Pac-12 and a team from the Mountain West Conference.
 As part of the bowl charter, a "Hawaiʻ i guarantee" allows the University of Hawaiʻ i an automatic bid to the bowl provided it is bowl eligible and does not receive a bid to a bowl in the College Football Playoff, which goes to the highest ranking school among the members of the Mountain West, Sun Belt, Mid-American, and American Athletic Conferences and Conference USA.
 If Hawaiʻ i is not eligible then another Mountain West team receives the bid.
 This continues a tradition started when Hawaiʻ i was a member of the Western Athletic Conference.
ESPNU College Football is a broadcast of NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision and NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision college football on ESPNU.
 "ESPNU College Football" debuted on August 25, 2005 with a HBCU match-up between Benedict and Morehouse.
The Alamo Bowl is a NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game played annually since 1993 in the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas.
 The current champions are the Oklahoma State Cowboys.
 Since 2010 it matches the second choice team from the Pac-12 Conference and the third choice team from the Big 12 Conference.
The Poinsettia Bowl was a post-season NCAA-sanctioned Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game played from 2005 to 2016.
 The game was originally played from 1952 to 1955 between military services teams; in 2005 it was re-created by the organizers of the Holiday Bowl.
 The new Poinsettia Bowls were played in late December each year at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California.
 The game's last sponsor was the San Diego County Credit Union, and it was named the San Diego County Credit Union Poinsettia Bowl.
The Holiday Bowl is a post-season NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game that has been played annually since 1978 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California, United States.
 Since the 2014 edition, it has featured a matchup of Pac-12 and Big Ten teams.
My-King Johnson (born June 7, 2004) is an American college football defensive end for the Arizona Wildcats of the University of Arizona.
 He is openly gay, and he and Scott Frantz are two of the first openly gay players in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision.
 However, in 2017 Johnson redshirted while Frantz became the first openly gay college football player to play in a game for a NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision school.
