The Nancy Wilson Show!
 is a 1965 live album by Nancy Wilson, recorded at the Coconut Grove nightclub in Los Angeles.
Cimar was a Hoshino Gakki guitar brand.
 Designs of Cimar guitars are sometimes very similar to Hoshino Gakki's Ibanez guitar brand.
 Cimar guitars appear in Hoshino Gakki catalogues.
A Nancy Wilson Christmas is a 2001 studio album of Christmas music by the American singer Nancy Wilson.
 As well as being Wilson's first album of Christmas music, it was the first album that Wilson recorded for the Manchester Craftsmen's Guild record label, MCG Jazz.
D’Angelico Guitars is an American musical instrument manufacturer and guitar brand based in Manhattan, New York.
 The brand was initially founded by master-luthier John D'Angelico in 1932, in Manhattan's Little Italy.
 In 1999, Steve Pisani, John Ferolito Jr. and Brenden Cohen purchased the D’Angelico Guitars trademark.
 Cohen serves as the brand’s President and CEO.
 Original D’Angelico guitars are collector’s items and have been used by musicians including Pete Townshend, Eric Clapton, Bucky Pizarelli, Chet Atkins, and Chuck Wayne.
 Additionally, the D'Angelico Mel Bay New Yorker model was featured on the cover of the Mel Bay Publications' guitar method books for decades.
Nancy Wilson/Cannonball Adderley is a 1961 studio album by Nancy Wilson with Cannonball Adderley and his quintet.
 Wilson considered her vocals on the album "as a sort of easy-going third horn" (Wilson quoted in the liner notes).
 All tracks were recorded in New York City, those with Wilson on June 27 and 29, 1961, and the instrumental tracks on August 23 and 24, 1961.
"Magic Man" is a song by the American rock band Heart.
 The single was released in Canada in June of 1975, and in America in 1976, as the second single from the band's debut album, "Dreamboat Annie."
 Written and composed by Ann and Nancy Wilson, the song is sung from the viewpoint of a young girl who is being seduced by an older man (referred to as a Magic Man), much to the chagrin of her mother, who calls and begs the girl to come home.
 In an interview, Ann Wilson revealed that the "Magic Man" was her then boyfriend, band manager Michael Fisher, and that part of the song was an autobiographical tale of the beginnings of their relationship.
Heart is an American rock band that first found success in Canada and later in the United States and worldwide.
 Over the group's four-decade history it has had three primary lineups, with the constant center of the group since 1974 being sisters Ann Wilson (lead singer) and Nancy Wilson (guitarist).
 While it has been referred to as a duo because of the focus on leaders Ann and Nancy Wilson, Heart is a full rock group.
 In its original lineup the band had six members, then five in its second incarnation, and is again at six currently.
Strange Euphoria is a career-spanning box set album by Heart.
 It features several of their hit songs as well as songs by The Lovemongers, solo songs by Ann Wilson and Nancy Wilson, a recording by the pre-Heart group Ann Wilson & The Daybreaks, and previously unreleased demos and live tracks.
 A DVD is also included featuring a 1976 concert at Washington State University for the Pullman, Washington-based KWSU-TV concert series "The Second Ending" in promotion for their debut album "Dreamboat Annie".
Ibanez (アイバニーズ , Aibanīzu ) is a Japanese guitar brand owned by Hoshino Gakki.
 Based in Nagoya, Aichi, Japan, Hoshino Gakki were one of the first Japanese musical instrument companies to gain a significant foothold in import guitar sales in the United States and Europe, as well as the first brand of guitars to mass-produce the seven-string guitar and eight-string guitar.
 Ibanez manufactures effects, accessories, amps, and instruments in Japan, China, Indonesia and in the United States (at a Los Angeles-based custom shop).
 Currently, there are nearly 165 models of bass guitar, 130 acoustic guitars, and more than 300 electric guitars.
Sue Ennis is a Seattle songwriter whose songs include Classic Rock radio staples "Straight On", "Even It Up" and "Dog & Butterfly" by the rock band Heart.
 She has co-written over 70 songs with Ann and Nancy Wilson of the band.
 and co-wrote the theme from "The Golden Child" starring Eddie Murphy with James Bond composer, John Barry, Ann and Nancy Wilson.
 Her songs have also appeared in "Thomas and the Magic Railroad", a feature film from 2000.
 In 2004, she and co-writer Hummie Mann won a Soundie award (Puget Sound Advertising Award) for their jingle for State Roofing.
