Toon is a role-playing game in which the players take the roles of cartoon characters.
 It is subtitled "The Cartoon Roleplaying Game".
 "Toon" was designed by Greg Costikyan and developed by Warren Spector, and first published in 1984 by Steve Jackson Games.
MadMaze is an online video game designed by Eric Goldberg and developed by Greg Costikyan in 1989.
 It was the first online game to draw over a million players., and was playable through the Prodigy service.
 The game disappeared in 1999 with the death of the Prodigy service, but with the permission from the service and the creators, fans of the game have rehosted it.
Violence: The Role-Playing Game of Egregious and Repulsive Bloodshed is a short, 32-page role-playing game written by Greg Costikyan under the pseudonym "Designer X" and published by Hogshead Publishing in 1999 as part of its "New Style" line of games.
Paranoia is a dystopian science-fiction tabletop role-playing game originally designed and written by Greg Costikyan, Dan Gelber, and Eric Goldberg, and first published in 1984 by West End Games.
 Since 2004 the game has been published under license by Mongoose Publishing.
 The game won the Origins Award for Best Roleplaying Rules of 1984 and was inducted into the Origins Awards Hall of Fame in 2007.
 "Paranoia" is notable among tabletop games for being more competitive than co-operative, with players encouraged to betray one another for their own interests, as well as for keeping a light-hearted, tongue in cheek tone despite its dystopian setting.
Greg Costikyan (born July 22, 1959, in New York City), sometimes known under the pseudonym "Designer X", is an American game designer and science fiction writer.
Deathmaze is a board game published by Simulations Publications in January 1980, and designed by Greg Costikyan.
 It falls into the general category of fantasy role playing games, more specifically, dungeon games in which players enter a dungeon, massacre the dungeon dwellers and steal their treasures.
System of a Down, sometimes shortened to System and abbreviated as SOAD, is an Armenian-American heavy metal band from Glendale, California, formed in 1994.
 The band currently consists of Serj Tankian (lead vocals, keyboards), Daron Malakian (vocals, guitar), Shavo Odadjian (bass, backing vocals) and John Dolmayan (drums).
Elect the Dead is the debut album by rock musician Serj Tankian, lead singer and founding member of Armenian-American metal quartet System of a Down.
 It was released on October 22, 2007.
 Alongside Tankian appears Armenian-American coloratura Ani Maldjian, drummers John Dolmayan from System of a Down and B. Brain Mantia of Primus and Guns N' Roses, Dan Monti on guitars, as well as a string section featuring Antonio Pontarelli.
The Creature That Ate Sheboygan is a science fiction board game released in 1979 by Simulations Publications (SPI).
 The game was originally designed by Greg Costikyan.
 It won the Charles S. Roberts Award for "Best Fantasy or Science Fiction Game of 1979".
 The game is very similar to the Epyx 1981 release, "Crush, Crumble and Chomp!
".
Scars on Broadway is the only studio album by Scars on Broadway, a band consisting of System of a Down members Daron Malakian and John Dolmayan.
 The album contains fifteen tracks, all written by Malakian.
