Still Life is a 2013 drama film written and directed by Uberto Pasolini.
 The film was presented at the 70th Venice Film Festival , where it won the award for Best Director in the category "Orizzonti".
 At the Reykjavik International Film Festival, "Still Life" received the top award (Golden Puffin) as well as the FIPRESCI Award.
 It also received the Black Pearl award (the highest award) at the Abu Dhabi Film Festival for "its humanity, empathy, and grace in treating grief, solitude, and death"; and for his performance, Eddie Marsan won the Best British Actor award at the 2014 Edinburgh International Film Festival.
Third Window Films is a UK-based distributor of movies from East Asia founded in 2005.
 They have provided distribution for numerous award winning films, such as "Oasis" (Winner of Marcello Mastroianni Award, FIPRESCI Prize Signis Award and Special Director's Award at the Venice Film Festival), "Himizu" (Winner of the Marcello Mastroianni Award at the Venice Film Festival), "Villain" (Best Actress winner at the Montreal Film Festival), "Kotoko" (Winner of the Best Film Award in the Orrizonti of the Venice Film Festival), "Memories of Matsuko" (Best Actress, Best Editing and Best Music at Japan Academy Award and more.
The Volpi Cup (Italian: "Coppa Volpi") is the principal award given to actors at the Venice Film Festival and is named in honor of Count Giuseppe Volpi di Misurata, the founder of the Venice Film Festival.
 The name and number of prizes have been changed several times since their introduction, ranging from two to four awards per edition and sometimes acknowledging both leading and supporting performances.
The Venice Film Festival or Venice International Film Festival (Italian: "Mostra Internazionale d'Arte Cinematografica della Biennale di Venezia" , "International Exhibition of Cinematographic Art of the Venice Biennale"), founded in 1932, is the oldest film festival in the world and one of the "Big Three" film festivals alongside the Cannes Film Festival and Berlin International Film Festival.
Gianfranco Rosi is an Italian director, cinematographer, producer and screenwriter.
 His film "Sacro GRA" won Golden Lion at 70th Venice International Film Festival.
 "Sacro GRA" is the first documentary film to win Golden Lion in history of the Venice film festival and the first Italian film to win in fifteen years, after Gianni Amelio's "The Way We Laughed" won the award in 1998.
 His 2016 film "Fire at Sea", a documentary focused on European migrant crisis on the Sicilan island of Lampedusa, won the Golden Bear at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Rosi is the only documentary filmmaker to win two top prizes at major European film festivals (Cannes, Berlin and Venice) and is currently the only filmmaker besides Michael Haneke, Jafar Panahi, Ang Lee, and Ken Loach to win two top European festival prizes in the 21st century.
Jesus' Son is a 1999 drama film that was adapted from the eponymous short story collection by Denis Johnson.
 It stars Billy Crudup, Samantha Morton, Holly Hunter, and Dennis Hopper, with Denis Leary, Will Patton, John Ventimiglia, Michael Shannon, and Jack Black in supporting roles.
 It was awarded the Little Golden Lion award and the Ecumenical Award at the 1999 Venice Film Festival, and was named one of the top ten films of the year by "The New York Times", the "Los Angeles Times", and Roger Ebert, among others.
The Grand Jury Prize (Venice Film Festival) is an award given at the Venice Film Festival.
 It is considered the second place award next to the main award, the Golden Lion.
Heartstone is a 2016 Icelandic drama film directed by Guðmundur Arnar Guðmundsson.
 It was screened in the Discovery section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival.
 On 9 September 2016, the film won the Queer Lion at the 73rd Venice Film Festival.
 It was the first Icelandic film to be shown in a competitive section of the Venice Film Festival.
 It was also nominated for the 2017 Nordic Council Film Prize.
Leonardo Corbucci is an award-winning film director from Italy who is now located in Los Angeles US and member of the DGA (Directors Guild of America).
 He has won many prizes from the prestigious "Rising Star" at the Canadian International Film Festival to the "Silver Ace" at the Las Vegas International Film festival, "Best Romance" at the Best of Best Film Fest, "Best Experimental Film" at the Idie Gathering, "Best Drama" at the International Family Film Festival, "Best screenplay" at the Sunset Film Festival, "Honorable Mention" at the Queen World Film Festival, "Titoli Price" at the Murgia Film Festival, "Best Short film" at the Burbank Film Festival.
 His films have been official selections at the Venice Film Festival, Beverly Hills Film Festival, Santa Barbara Film Festival, San Diego IndieFest, Phoenix Film Festival, Riverside Film Festival, Seattle True Independent Film Festival, Ventura Film Festival, Rome Film Festival, Riverband Film Festival and screened at that Cannes Film Festival.
Fish & Cat (in Persian : ماهی و گربه; transliterated as "Mahi va Gorbeh") is a 2013 mystery drama slasher Iranian film directed by Shahram Mokri.
 The film tells the story of a group of university students camping at a lakeside for Kite-running competitions, all through a without-a-cut single shot.
 The film was first premiered in the Venice Film Festival on 6 September 2013.
 The film won the Special Award in 2013 Venice Film Festival and the FIPRESCI award in 2014 Fribourg International Film Festival.
 In September 2015, "Fish & Cat" became one of ten shortlisted Iranian films for Iran's submission for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards
