Jason Morgan is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera, "General Hospital".
 Created by Thom Racina and Leah Laiman, he was most notably played by Daytime Emmy Award-winning actor Steve Burton, who joined the cast in 1991 and vacated the role in 2012.
 Jason was born offscreen in September 1981 and the character made his onscreen debut in November 1981 as the son of Dr. Alan Quartermaine (Stuart Damon) and his mistress, Susan Moore (Gail Ramsey), later adopted by Alan's wife Dr. Monica Quartermaine (Leslie Charleson).
 As one of the longest-running characters on the show, the role was played by various child actors from 1982 to 1986.
 The role is currently portrayed by Billy Miller, who joined the cast in 2014.
Grizzwald "Grizz" Chapman (born April 16, 1974) is an American television actor best known for his recurring role as Grizz on the NBC series "30 Rock".
 A June 2007 interview with rollingout.com lists Chapman's height as 7'0" (213 cm).
 In his commentary for the episode "Tracy Does Conan", Tracy Morgan revealed that they met when Chapman was working as a bouncer at a strip club.
 Chapman and fellow actor Kevin Brown were featured in season six on an episode of "Hidden Potential".
Shuko Akune is an American film, television and stage actress best known for such films and television series as "E/R", "Come See the Paradise", "Alien Nation", "Cruel Intentions 2", "","Murphy Brown", and "The Steve Harvey Show".
Steve Peterson is an American actor was seen as Stanley in "The Body" at the Matrix Theatre, King Arthur in Dennis Gersten’s" The Author’s Thumb," Tranio in "Taming of the Shrew" at the Globe Playhouse, Aguecheek in "Twelfth Night" for both Shakespeare at Play and Ellen Geer's Theatricum Botanicum, and as the Ghost in Mark Ringer’s production of" Hamlet."
 He has appeared at the Write/Act Repertory Theatre Company in "Murder, Mayhem and the Macabre", "A Patriot for Me, Transports of the Heart", and "Bleak House."
 Other Los Angeles stage appearances include "A Month in the Country" at the Odyssey Theatre, "The Letter Writer" at The Santa Monica Playhouse, and Agatha Christie’s "Black Coffee" at the Sierra Madre Playhouse.
 Peterson has appeared in numerous productions at San Diego’s Old Globe Theatre, at the Grove Shakespeare and Nevada Shakespeare Festivals, and the UK/AZ Festival in Phoenix, as well as Glendale’s A Noise Within.
 Peterson’s Television credits include appearances on the daytime serials "Days of Our Lives" and "General Hospital" as well as primetime series "Murphy Brown, Murder, She Wrote", and "Mama’s Family," to name a few.
 Peterson can be seen in the cult film classic "Lobster Man from Mars", and as one of the many Elvi in "Honeymoon in Vegas."
Doug Dale (born in Barrington, Illinois) is an American actor and comedian, best known for hosting the Comedy Central series "TV Funhouse".
 Doug was also involved in the "Happy Happy Good Show", a Chicago sketch show featuring Robert Smigel, Bob Odenkirk and Conan O'Brien.
 He was also seen on the series "Murphy Brown" and "Who's the Boss", and during the early `90s he appeared in various sketches on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, most notably as the "Guy Next Door."
 Occasionally he is still heard on "Saturday Night Live" as a voice in the "TV Funhouse" cartoons.
Jennifer Ventimilia (born Jeffrey Ventimilia and also known as J.R. Ventimilia) is an American television writer.
 Ventimilia co-wrote "The Simpsons" episode "Simpson Tide" (with Joshua Sternin) and the teleplay of the episode "'Round Springfield", based on a story idea by Al Jean and Mike Reiss.
 Other credits include "Murphy Brown", "That '70s Show", and "The Critic".
 In 2002, Ventimilia and Sternin created a show for Fox called "The Grubbs", starring Randy Quaid.
 Due to negative critical reaction, the show was canceled before it went on air.
 Ventimilia co-wrote the screenplay for the 2004 film "Surviving Christmas" and the 2010 film "Tooth Fairy" and she also served as an executive producer and writer for "Kitchen Confidential", "Robot and Monster", and the 2012 Nickelodeon reboot of "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles".
The Oldest Man, sometimes referred to as Duane Toddleberry, is a recurring character from sketches in comedy variety series "The Carol Burnett Show".
 The character was created by Tim Conway during his run on the show and is noted for Conway’s performance of slapstick and ad-libbed humor.
 The character has been revisited in Conway’s live comedy tour with fellow actor Harvey Korman from 2005 until Korman’s death in 2008, twice on "The Queen Latifah Show" between 2014-2015, in a sketch in the Motion Picture and Television Fund, and also in the collector’s edition DVD titled "Together Again", which includes new sketches starring Tim Conway and Harvey Korman in their classic roles from "The Carol Burnett Show".
Jay Thomas (born Jon Thomas Terrell; July 12, 1948 – August 24, 2017) was an American actor, comedian, and morning radio personality.
 He was heard in New York from 1976-79 on Top 40 station 99X, and later on Rhythmic CHR station WKTU, and in Los Angeles beginning in 1986 on KPWR "Power 106", where he hosted the station's top-rated morning show until 1993.
 His notable television work included his co-starring role as Remo DaVinci on "Mork & Mindy" (1979–81), the recurring role of Eddie LeBec, a Boston Bruins goalie on the downside of his career, on "Cheers" (1987–89), the lead character of newspaper columnist Jack Stein on "Love & War" (1992–95), and a repeat guest role as Jerry Gold, a talk show host who becomes both an antagonist and love interest of the title character on "Murphy Brown".
 He won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series in 1990 and 1991 for portraying Gold.
John "Johnny" Brown (born June 11, 1937) is an American actor and singer.
 Brown is a nightclub and stage performer as well as a comic actor, and a regular cast member of the television series "Laugh-in".
 Brown is mostly remembered for his chubby physique, wide ingratiating smile, mobile facial expressions, and easy pleasant joking style.
 Brown is most famous, however, for his role as building superintendent Nathan Bookman on the 1970s CBS sitcom, "Good Times".
 Bookman was often the brunt of fat jokes via the show's main character J. J. Evans (Jimmie Walker).
 Brown portrayed Bookman until the series was cancelled in 1979.
 Other television shows Brown has appeared on include "Flip Wilson Show", "The Jeffersons", "Family Matters", "Sister, Sister, The Jamie Foxx Show and Martin.
 Brown also used to go to school with Walter Dean Myers when he lived in Harlem as a boy.
The Middle is an American sitcom about a middle-class family living in Indiana facing the day-to-day struggles of home life, work, and raising children.
 The show premiered September 30, 2009, on the ABC network and features "Everybody Loves Raymond" actress Patricia Heaton and "Scrubs" actor Neil Flynn.
 "The Middle" was created by former "Roseanne" and "Murphy Brown" writers Eileen Heisler and DeAnn Heline of Blackie and Blondie Productions.
 The show is produced by Warner Bros.
 Television and Blackie and Blondie Productions.
 "The Middle" has been praised by television critics and earned numerous award nominations.
