Seoulite is the second album by South Korean singer Lee Hi.
 The album marked her comeback to the Korean music scene after a three-year hiatus following the release of her debut studio album, "First Love", in 2013.
 The album was released first in a half album format, the first half being released on March 9, 2016 and the full album released digitally in April 20, 2016, and physically a week later.
Xeko is a collectible card game revolving around endangered species.
 It was launched on Earthday 2006.
 It won the "Creative Child Magazine" 2006 Toy of the Year Award and the National Parenting Center's Seal of Approval in its first year.
 Four "Mission" sets have been released.
 "Mission: Costa Rica" and "Mission: Madagascar", based on biodiversity hotspots were released first.
 "Mission: Indonesia", was released in 2007, with the final release, "Mission: China", was released July 19, 2008.
 A total of thirty more missions were planned but never developed.
Clannad (クラナド , Kuranado ) is a Japanese visual novel developed by Key and released on April 28, 2004 for Windows PCs.
 While both of Key's first two previous works, "Kanon" and "Air", had been released first as adult games and then censored for the younger market, "Clannad" was released with a rating for all ages.
 It was later ported to the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita consoles.
 An English version for Windows was released on Steam by Sekai Project in 2015.
 The story follows the life of Tomoya Okazaki, a high school delinquent who meets many people in his last year at school, including five girls, and helps resolve their individual problems.
Midnite Movies is a line of B movies released first on VHS and later on DVD by MGM Home Entertainment.
 The line was begun by MGM in March 2001 following its acquisition of Orion Pictures, which bought out Filmways, the owner of American International Pictures.
 AIP had a library of B movies from the 1950s and 1960s that were science fiction, horror, and exploitation films.
 The "Midnite Movies" collection is primarily derived from the AIP library (including most of Roger Corman's and Vincent Price's horror movies) but also included Hammer Film Productions, Amicus Productions, United Artists, and Empire International Pictures movies as well.
 The DVDs were first released as single films but most later releases would be double features on single double-sided discs.
 Sony Pictures Home Entertainment later became owners of the MGM library and continued the "Midnite Movies" line with distributor 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment.
 All double feature titles released on the 20th Century Fox label were two-disc packages.
 By 2011, no new titles were forthcoming; the previous catalog titles slowly went out of print and the "Midnite Movies" website was taken down.
The Videos 1992–2003 is a DVD featuring all of the music videos released by the American third wave ska band No Doubt, between 1992 and 2003.
 It was released first in 2003 as the second disc of the "Boom Box" box set, and was the companion to the first disc in the set, "The Singles 1992–2003".
 It was later released as a separate DVD on May 4, 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 The video has been certified gold in the United States.
Onimusha: Warlords, released in Japan as "Onimusha" (鬼武者 ) , is an action-adventure video game and the first entry of the "Onimusha" series, released first for the PlayStation 2 in 2001.
 Later it was released in an updated form as Genma Onimusha (幻魔 鬼武者 ) for the Xbox in 2002.
 The original "Onimusha: Warlords" version was also ported to Microsoft Windows, although this version was only released in Asia and Russia.
Mosaics is an album by Mark Heard, released in 1985 on Home Sweet Home Records.
 According to the liner notes in "Ashes and Light", this album was recorded first but delayed by the record company who wanted the less rock-oriented "Ashes" released first.
 Consequently, this was the first album recorded in Heard's own Fingerprint Recording Studio.
BlazBlue: Chrono Phantasma, released in Japan as BlazBlue: Chronophantasma (ブレイブルー クロノファンタズマ , BureiBurū Kuronofantazuma ) , is a 2-D fighting game developed by Arc System Works.
 It is the third game of the Blazblue series, set after the events of "".
 The game was originally to be released first as an arcade game in the early fourth quarter of 2012, which was later pushed forward to November 2012.
 A PlayStation 3 version of the game was released in Japan on October 24, 2013, while it was released in the United States on March 25, 2014.
 Due to limited hardware and disc space the game was not released on the Xbox 360.
 An updated version of the game titled BlazBlue: Chrono Phantasma Extend (ブレイブルー クロノファンタズマ エクステンド , BureiBurū: Kuronofantazuma Ekusutendo , BlazBlue: Chronophantasma Extend) , dubbed as BlazBlue: Chrono Phantasma 2.0 (ブレイブルー クロノファンタズマ ２.０ , BureiBurū: Kuronofantazuma 2.0 , BlazBlue: Chronophantasma 2.0) in the Arcade version, was originally released for Arcades in October 2014, and for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One in April 2015.
 It was released on June 30, 2015 in North America, with the European region version releasing on October 23, 2015.
"Hard to Explain" is the first single from New York garage rock band The Strokes (their only previously released material was "The Modern Age" EP).
 It was released first in the UK and was later released in the US with different album artwork.
 (The UK version has a photo of two chairs, one red and one black, facing the camera.
 The chairs appear to be in a diner or restaurant of some sort.)
 Because this single is the first from their debut LP "Is This It", "Hard to Explain" made the anticipation for the album proper very high, and when "Is This It" did come out it was widely hailed as one of the best of the year.
 The B-side of this single, "New York City Cops" was omitted from the US version of the album in the wake of the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center (the chorus to the song contains the lines "New York City cops/They ain't too smart").
Byrd Jazz is an album by trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in Detroit in 1955 and originally released on Tom Wilson's Transition label.
 The album contains Byrd's first recordings as a leader (although the sessions that comprised "Byrd's Eye View" were released first), and was later re-released as First Flight on the Delmark label.
