Hoysala architecture is the building style developed under the rule of the Hoysala Empire between the 11th and 14th centuries, in the region known today as Karnataka, a state of India.
 Hoysala influence was at its peak in the 13th century, when it dominated the Southern Deccan Plateau region.
 Large and small temples built during this era remain as examples of the Hoysala architectural style, including the Chennakesava Temple at Belur, the Hoysaleswara Temple at Halebidu, and the Kesava Temple at Somanathapura.
 Other examples of Hoysala craftsmanship are the temples at Belavadi, Amruthapura, Hosaholalu, Mosale, Arasikere, Basaralu, Kikkeri and Nuggehalli.
 Study of the Hoysala architectural style has revealed a negligible Indo-Aryan influence while the impact of Southern Indian style is more distinct.
The Lakshminarasimha temple at Javagal (also called Javagallu) is an example of mid-13th century Hoysala architecture.
 Javagal is located about 50 km from Hassan city and about 20 km from Halebidu in Karnataka state, India.
 Halebidu is historically important as the erstwhile capital of the Hoysala empire.
 The temple, whose main deity is Narasimha (a form of the Hindu god Vishnu), was built in 1250 A.D. by the Hoysala Empire King Vira Someshwara.
 This temple is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
Anatolian animal carpets represent a special type of pile-woven carpet, woven in the geographical region of Anatolia during the Seljuq and early Ottoman period, corresponding to the 14th–16th century.
 Very few animal-style carpets still exist today, and most of them are in a fragmentary state.
 Animal carpets were frequently depicted by Western European painters of the 14th–16th century.
 By comparison of the few surviving carpets with their painted counterparts, these paintings helped to establish a timeline of their production, and support our knowledge about the early Turkish carpet.
The Hoysala Empire (Kannada: ಹೊಯ್ಸಳ ಸಾಮ್ರಾಜ್ಯ ) was a notable South Indian Kannadiga empire that ruled most of the modern-day state of Karnataka between the 10th to the 14th centuries.
 The capital of the empire was initially based at Belur, and later transferred to Halebidu.
 Hoysala society in many ways reflected the emerging religious, political and cultural developments of those times.
The Hoysala Empire (Kannada: ಹೊಯ್ಸಳ ಸಾಮ್ರಾಜ್ಯ ) was a notable South Indian Kannadiga empire that ruled most of the modern-day state of Karnataka between the 10th to the 14th centuries.
 The capital of the empire was initially based at Belur, and later transferred to Halebidu.
 Economy of Hoysala empire was primarily based on agriculture though business within India as well as foreign trade flourished to some extent.
Intabulation, from the Italian word "intavolatura", refers to an arrangement of a vocal or ensemble piece for keyboard, lute, or other plucked string instrument, written in tablature.
 It was a common practice in 14th–16th century keyboard and lute music.
 A direct effect of intabulation was one of the early advantages of keyboards, the ability to render multiple instruments' music on one instrument.
 The earliest intabulation is from the mid-14th century Robertsbridge Codex, also one of the first sources of keyboard music still in existence.
 Some other early sources of intabulated music are the Faenza and Reina manuscripts (from the 14th century) and the Buxheim manuscript (from the 15th century).
 The Faenza manuscript,the largest of these early manuscripts, written circa 1400, contains pieces written or transcribed in the 14th century, such as those by Francesco Landini and Guillaume de Machaut.
 More than half of its pieces are intabulations.
 The large Buxheim manuscript is dominated by intabulations, mainly of prominent composers of the time, including John Dunstaple, Gilles Binchois, Walter Frye, and Guillaume Dufay.
 The term "intabulation" continued to be popular through the 16th century, but fell out of use in the early 17th century, though the practice continued.
 The exception is the 16th- and 17th-century Italian keyboard pieces which included both vocal and instrumental music.
 Intabulations contain all the vocal lines of a polyphonic piece, for the most part, although they are sometimes combined or redistributed in order to work better on the instrument the intabulation is intended for, and idiomatic ornaments are sometimes added.
Hoysaleswara temple (Kannada: ಹೊಯ್ಸಳೇಶ್ವರ ದೇವಸ್ಥಾನ ) (also spelt "Hoysaleshwara" or Hoysaleshvara") is a temple dedicated to the Hindu god Shiva.
 It was built in Halebidu (in modern Karnataka state, India) during the rule of King Vishnuvardhana of the Hoysala Empire in the 12th century.
 The construction was started around 1120 CE and completed in 1150 CE.
 During the early 14th century, Halebidu was sacked and looted by Muslim invaders from northern India and the temple fell into a state of ruin and neglect.
 Previously known as Dorasamudra or Dwarasamudra, Halebidu is 16 km from Belur, 31 km from Hassan and 149 km from Mysore, in the state of Karnataka, India.
A significant port and settlement, known as Temasek, later renamed Singapura, existed on the island of Singapore in the 14th century.
 Vietnamese records indicate possible diplomatic relationship between Temasek and Vietnam in the 13th century, and Chinese documents describe settlements there in the 14th century.
 It was likely a vassal state of both the Majapahit Empire and the Siamese at different times in the 14th century.
 Around the end of the 14th century, its ruler Parameswara was attacked by either the Majapahit or the Siamese, forcing him to move on to Melaka where he founded the Sultanate of Malacca, Archaeological evidence suggests that the main settlement on Fort Canning was abandoned around this time, although a small-scale trading settlement continued in Singapore for some time afterwards.
 Between the 16th and 19th centuries, the Malay archipelago was gradually taken over by the European colonial powers, beginning with the Portuguese conquest of Malacca Sultanate in 1511.
 In 1613, the Portuguese burnt down a trading settlement at the mouth of the Singapore River, after which Singapore lapsed into insignificance in the history of the region for two hundred years.
The Hoysala Empire (Kannada: ಹೊಯ್ಸಳ ಸಾಮ್ರಾಜ್ಯ ) was a notable South Indian Kannadiga empire that ruled most of the modern-day state of Karnataka between the 10th to the 14th centuries.
 The capital of the empire was initially based at Belur, and later transferred to Halebidu.
 Hoysala administration was influenced by the Western Ganga Dynasty whom the Hoysalas replaced in present-day South Karnataka and their early overlords, the Western Chalukyas.
Halebeedu (literally "old capital") is a town located in Hassan District, Karnataka, India.
 Halebidu (which used to be called Dorasamudra or Dwarasamudra) was the regal capital of the Hoysala Empire in the 12th century.
 It is home to some of the best examples of Hoysala architecture.
 Most notable are the ornate Hoysaleshwara and Kedareshwara temples.
 The city got the name "Halebidu" because it was damaged and deserted into "old capital" after being ransacked and looted twice by north Indian Muslim armies of the Delhi Sultanate in the 14th-century.
