WinCo Foods, Inc. is a privately held, majority employee-owned American supermarket chain based in Boise, Idaho with retail stores in Arizona, California, Idaho, Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington.
 It previously operated stores as Waremart Food Centers and Cub Foods (under a franchise agreement) until 1999.
 As of August 2017, it has 117 retail stores and five distribution centers with over 15,000 employees.
Whole Foods Market Inc. is an American supermarket chain exclusively featuring foods without artificial preservatives, colors, flavors, sweeteners, and hydrogenated fats.
GW Supermarket is a specialized Asian American supermarket chain in the U.S., established in New York City in 2004.
 The chain caters to Asian immigrants, offering Asian products in a Western supermarket-style retail operation.
 The President, CEO and founder is Lihui Zhang.
 Great Wall supermarket has 10 stores across the east coast, and it has average approx 30,000-50,000 sf shopping space that be able to carry wide section meat, seafood, grocery and fresh produces.
 Wide variety of merchandise that allows shoppers to complete grocery shopping under one roof.In March 2016, Great Wall Supermarket e-commerce site was Established.
H Mart (Korean: H 마트 or 한아름 마트 ; ) is an American supermarket chain operated by the Hanahreum Group headquartered in Lyndhurst, New Jersey.
 The chain, with locations throughout the United States, Canada, and London, specializes in providing Asian foods.
 The chain also operates several Super H Mart stores.
Shun Fat Supermarket (: "Shùnfā Chāojíshìchǎng"Cantonese Yale: "seuhn faat chīu kāp síh chèuhng"Vietnamese: "Siêu Thị Thuận Phát" ; also known as SF Supermarket) is an expanding Chinese Vietnamese American supermarket chain in the San Gabriel Valley region in California, Sacramento, California, San Pablo, California, Las Vegas, Nevada and Dallas, Texas.
The Collection at RiverPark is an outdoor lifestyle center located east of the 101 Freeway in Oxnard, California.
 The shopping center held its grand opening on November 15, 2012; and is anchored by Target, Whole Foods Market, REI, The Container Store, and a sixteen-screen Cinemark cinema.
 Originally meant to open in 2008, The Collection was delayed over several years due to the Great Recession.
Food For Less was an Australian discount supermarket chain owned by Woolworths Limited.
 It was originally established in Queensland, where a discount 'food barn' chain operating as "Jack the Slasher" was acquired by Woolworths in the early 1980s.
 It later expanded into New South Wales and became the low-cost supermarket chain for Woolworths, competing with Franklins No Frills and Coles' Bi-Lo.
 The chain expanded on the purchase of 67 of the Franklins supermarket chain stores in New South Wales and Queensland by Woolworths.
 The "No Frills" stores then became Food For Less stores with a more upmarket appearance (edging closer to that of Woolworths) and also launched a new logo at the same time.
 It is positioned as a budget low-cost chain and while it mainly sells dry groceries and frozen perishables only, a small number of older stores also sell fruit and vegetables.
 Since 2010 most stores have closed or been refurbished and converted into Woolworths.
 As of April 2016 only 2 stores remain open, Roselands and Beresfield NSW.
 The store in Maryborough QLD closed its doors in November 2016.
 However, due to competition from Aldi, Woolworths have considered reviving the budget brand.
Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. is an American supermarket chain headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, USA.
 The stores are full-service and emphasize organic foods including fresh produce, bulk foods, vitamins and supplements, packaged groceries, meat and seafood, deli, baked goods, dairy products, frozen foods, natural body care and household items.
 The chain was created to respond to consumers’ growing demand in health and wellness.
 Sprouts employs more than 24,000 individuals and operates more than 240 stores in 15 states from coast to coast, primarily in the southern tier of states.
 Sprouts is traded on the NASDAQ as SFM.
Big Y Foods, Inc. (or Big Y) is an American supermarket chain.
 Big Y operates stores in Massachusetts and Connecticut.
 It operates under the trade names "Big Y World Class Market" or "Big Y Supermarket."
Hatzi Hinam or Hetzi Hinam (Hebrew: חצי חינם‎ ‎ , "lit."
 half-free, from Hebrew: בחצי חינם‎ ‎ , "very cheaply") is a supermarket chain in Israel.
 Founded in the early 1990s, the regional independent supermarket chain is headquartered in Holon, and has seven stores in the Gush Dan area.
 Hatzi Hinam is the fourth largest supermarket chain in Israel, with a market share of over 5% but has significantly fewer stores than the two major Israeli chains.
 In 2004, the company had an estimated NIS1.1 billion in sales and was confirmed the largest independent supermarket chain.
 Cousins Zaki Shalom and Mordechai Kuperly share ownership (67%/33%) of the chain.
