Women in the French Resistance played an important role in the context of the resistance to occupying German forces during World War II.
 Women represented 15 to 20% of the total number of French Resistance fighters within the country.
 Women also represented 15% of political deportations to Nazi-run concentration camps.
The Michel Thomas Method is an original method developed by Michel Thomas for teaching languages.
Michel Thomas (born Moniek Kroskof, February 3, 1914 – January 8, 2005) was a polyglot linguist, and decorated war veteran.
 He survived imprisonment in several different Nazi concentration camps after serving in the Maquis of the French Resistance and worked with the U.S. Army Counter Intelligence Corps during World War II.
 After the war, Thomas emigrated to the United States, where he developed a language-teaching system known as the Michel Thomas Method.
 In 2004 he was awarded the Silver Star by the U.S. Army.
Nikolai Vasenin (5 December 1919 – 7 December 2014) was a Russian World War II veteran who fought in the French Resistance during the early 1940s.
 In 1941, Germany invaded the Soviet Union and captured Vasenin and so they sent him to become a prisoner owned by the French.
 The French gave him an opportunity to fight among them and so he took the offer.
 By 1945, Vasenin achieved the rank of Commander in his French Resistance unit and returned to his home country only to be jailed under the orders of Russia's leader Joseph Stalin for the next 15 years.
A Man Escaped or: The Wind Bloweth Where It Listeth (French: "Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut" ) is a 1956 French film directed by Robert Bresson.
 It is based on the memoirs of André Devigny, a member of the French Resistance held in Montluc prison by the occupying Germans during World War II.
 The protagonist of the film is called Fontaine.
 The second part of the title comes from the Bible ( ) using the words of the Authorized King James Version (more recent translations use words like "wants" (which is the title in French) or "pleases" instead of "listeth").
 Bresson himself was imprisoned by the Germans as a member of the French Resistance.
Madeleine Truel (Lima, Peru, 28 August 1904 - Stolpe, Parchim, Germany, 1945), was a Peruvian woman of French parentage who fought in the French Resistance.
 The exact date of Madeleine Truel's alliance with the French Resistance is unknown.
 She worked as a document forger.
 She was captured in 1944 and was tortured to extract information without success, following which she was sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 1945.
 She died in Stolpe (Germany) on 3 May 1945, after the so-called "death march", a few hours before the Russian troops arrived.
 Her full name, Madeleine Blanche Pauline Truel Larrabure, appears on a monument in homage to all those who were deported from France and perished during the Second World War.
Guy Môquet ((1924--)26 1924 - 22 1941(1941--) (aged 17 ) ) was a young French Communist militant.
 During the German occupation of France during World War II, he was taken hostage by the Nazis and executed by firing squad in retaliation for attacks on Germans by the French Resistance.
 Môquet went down in history as one of the symbols of the French Resistance.
René Carmille (born Trémolat, Dordogne, 1886; died Dachau, Bavaria, 25 January 1945) was a punched card computer expert and comptroller general of the French Army in the early 20th century.
 In World War II he was a double agent for the French Resistance and part of the Marco Polo Network.
 He ran the Demographics Department ("Service de la démographie") of Vichy which soon through a merger with the SGF (General Statistics of France) became the new National Statistics Service, which he continued to head up.
 In this capacity, he sabotaged the Nazi census of France, saving untold numbers of Jewish people from death camps.
 The IEEE newspaper, "The Institute", describes Carmille as being an early ethical hacker: "Over the course of two years, Carmille and his group purposely delayed the process by mishandling the punch cards.
 He also hacked his own machines, reprogramming them so that they’d never punch information from Column 11 [which indicated religion] onto any census card."
 He also used his department to help mobilize French resistance in Algeria.
Eugène Chavant was the founder of the French resistance organisation France Combat in 1942 and a prominent member of the French resistance.
 His nom de guerre was Clement, hence the "dit Clement" on the memorial to him in Grenoble.
 He was a member of the CDLN (Departmental Committee for National Liberation) for the département of Isère during the war.
 He was also a decorated war hero of the First World War.
Rose Antonia Maria Valland (1 November 1898 – 18 September 1980) was a French art historian, member of the French Resistance, captain in the French military, and one of the most decorated women in French history.
 She secretly recorded details of the Nazi plundering of National French and private Jewish-owned art from France; and, working with the French Resistance, she saved thousands of works of art.
