The H. Lee White Marine Museum is located in Oswego, New York.
 It was founded in 1982 by Rosemary Sinnett Nesbitt (1924-2009), a local professor and the City of Oswego Historian.
 Nesbitt retired from directorship of the museum in 2008 after completing 25 years of service.
The Maritime Museum at Battleship Cove, formally the Marine Museum at Fall River in Fall River, Massachusetts is a historical and nautical museum with memorabilia, artifacts, and ship models of the Fall River Line and RMS "Titanic".
 The museum houses a diverse collection which includes more than 150 scale models, 30,000 photographs, videos, uniforms, audio recordings and more.
 The museum also hosts a "Titanic" exhibition, which includes a 28-foot (8.5-meter) long scale model of the RMS "Titanic" used in Twentieth-Century-Fox's 1953 film "Titanic".
 The museum also houses models of the Fall River Line (which operated from 1847 to 1937), a fleet of steamships that carried passengers from New York City and Boston to summer homes in Newport.
 Other exhibits follow the history of steam power at sea.
 The museum also sponsors a regular program of special events.
 The museum's main gallery exhibition is entitled: Sails, Paddles, and Screws: the History of Maritime Travel and Culture; and the museum hosts temporary exhibitions as well as a Kid's Cove Fun Space.
The Toronto Maritime Museum or Toronto Waterfront Museum or The Pier Museum (prior to 2000, Marine Museum or Marine Museum of Upper Canada) was a museum that celebrated the history of the Toronto waterfront, the history of commerce on the Great Lakes, and the role of maritime commerce in the development of the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Herreshoff Marine Museum, located in Bristol, Rhode Island, USA, is a maritime museum dedicated to the history of the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company, yachting, and the America's Cup.
 The Herreshoff Manufacturing Company (1878-1945) was most notable for producing sailing yachts, including eight America's Cup defenders, and steam-powered vessels.
The Windermere Steamboat Museum is a marine museum opened in 1977 by George Pattinson, a local builder and boat collector, and was located on the former Sand and Gravel Wharf between Bowness-on-Windermere and the town of Windermere, on the eastern shore of Windermere in Cumbria, England.
 The Museum is not currently open to visitors as it is being redevloped, and is scheduled to re-open in 2017 under the new name Windermere Jetty: Museum of Boats, Steam and Stories.
Sam Houston () was a bodyguard to Gen. George Washington and was one of the first residents of Searsport, Maine.
 He is depicted in the painting "Washington Crossing the Delaware", and his cutlass and chest are on display at the Penobscot Marine Museum.
The Penobscot Marine Museum in Searsport, Maine, United States, is Maine's oldest maritime museum and is designed to preserve and educate people regarding Maine's and Searsport's rich and unique maritime and shipbuilding history.
 It was founded in 1936, and is located at 5 Church Street in the center of Searsport.
Marlboro Packard (August 19, 1828 - February 4, 1904) was a master shipbuilder who lived in Searsport, Maine.
 He managed several economically important shipyards in Searsport.
 He built several ships including the ship "Oneida" in 1877 at the McGilvery Yard.
 In 1877 he built the ship "William H. Conner", which was the last and largest full-rigged ship built in Searsport.
 This ship's construction took place at the Carver Yard and cost over $100,000.
 The half-model of this ship is currently housed at the Penobscot Marine Museum.
The Calvert Marine Museum is a maritime museum, founded in 1970, located in Solomons, Maryland.
 Among its exhibits are the Drum Point Light, the bugeye "Wm. B. Tennison", and the J. C. Lore Oyster House; the latter two are National Historic Landmarks.
 It also houses artifacts from the old Cedar Point Light, and maintains the Drum Point Light and grounds.
Aalborg Søfarts- og Marinemuseum is a marine museum located on the wharf of Aalborg, Denmark.
 Inaugurated on 24 May 1992, in the presence of Her Majesty the Queen, the museum's collections have since been expanded considerably, including with an extensive collection of ship radios and navigation instruments, showing the development of such tools.
 The museum has over the years evolved to become one of Aalborg and North Jutland's most important attractions that is visited annually by thousands of tourists from home and abroad.
