Margaret Denise Quigley (born May 22, 1979), professionally known as Maggie Q, is an American actress and model.
 She is known for starring in the action films "" and "Live Free or Die Hard" and played the title role of The CW's action-thriller series "Nikita", airing from 2010 to 2013.
 In 2014, she portrayed Tori Wu in the film adaptation of Veronica Roth's novel "Divergent", a role she reprised in its sequels, "" and "".
 She currently stars in the role of Agent Hannah Wells in the ABC political drama "Designated Survivor".
Jeffrey Perry (born August 16, 1955) is an American actor of stage, television, and film.
 He currently stars in the ABC political drama "Scandal".
This is a "list of former artists of ABS-CBN's Star Magic".
 For the list of current Star Magic talents, see "List of current Star Magic artists".
Ashley Zukerman (born 30 December 1983) is an Australian actor best known for playing Dr. Charlie Isaacs on WGN America's "Manhattan", Senior Constable Michael Sandrelli in Australian drama series "Rush", and Jesse Banks in the Australian political thriller "The Code", for which he received an AACTA award for Best Lead Actor in a Television Drama in 2014.
 Recently, he starred in the role of Peter MacLeish in the ABC political drama "Designated Survivor".
Katie Quinn Lowes (born September 22, 1981) is an American actress and theater director.
 She is best known for her role as Quinn Perkins in the ABC political drama series "Scandal" (2012–present).
Darby Leigh Stanchfield (born April 29, 1971) is an American actress.
 She is best known for her role as Abby Whelan in the ABC political drama series "Scandal" (2012–present).
 Stanchfield is also known for roles as April Green in the CBS post-apocalyptic drama series "Jericho" (2006–07), and as Helen Bishop in the AMC period drama series "Mad Men" (2007–08).
Star Ferry Pier, Central () may refer to any of the successive generations of pier in Central, Hong Kong used by the Star Ferry for its services across Victoria Harbour to Tsim Sha Tsui Ferry Pier and until April 2011, to Hung Hom Pier.
 The current Star Ferry pier is the fourth to bear the name in Central.
 It opened for public service on 12 November 2006.
Sharmila Devar is an American actress.
 She is best known for her roles Lata in the NBC comedy series, "Outsourced", and as Lauren Wellman, one of President's assistants, in the ABC political drama, "Scandal".
Lizzie is an upcoming American biographical thriller film directed by Craig William Macneill and written by Bryce Kass.
 The film is based on the true story of Lizzie Borden, who was accused and acquitted of the ax-murders of her father and stepmother in Fall River, Massachusetts, in 1892.
 The film stars Chloë Sevigny, Kristen Stewart, Jay Huguley, Fiona Shaw, Jamey Sheridan, Kim Dickens, Denis O'Hare, and Jeff Perry.
ShondaLand is an American television production company founded by television writer/producer Shonda Rhimes.
 She founded it to be one of the production companies of her first series "Grey's Anatomy" in 2005.
 It has since gone on to produce Rhimes's other creations, "Grey's" spinoff "Private Practice" and the widely popular political drama "Scandal", and her other productions—the short-lived "Off the Map", the Viola Davis-starring legal thriller "How to Get Away with Murder", and the crime thriller "The Catch"—all of which are co-produced with ABC Studios and air on ABC.
