Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) is the public body responsible for co-ordinating transport services throughout Greater Manchester, in North West England.
 The organisation traces its origins to the Transport Act 1968, when the SELNEC Passenger Transport Executive was established to co-ordinate public transport in and around Manchester.
 Between 1974 and 2011, this body was known as the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive (GMPTE), until a reformation of local government arrangements in Greater Manchester granted the body more powers and prompted a corporate rebranding.
 The strategies and policies of Transport for Greater Manchester are set by the Greater Manchester Combined Authority and its Transport for Greater Manchester Committee.
The Association of Greater Manchester Authorities (AGMA) is the local government association for Greater Manchester, a metropolitan county in North West England.
 It was established in 1986 as a voluntary organisation to represent the ten district councils of Greater Manchester after the Greater Manchester County Council was abolished.
 AGMA develops policy, lobbies government and others, and runs a range of services designed to make strategic and tangible advances in the standard of living across Greater Manchester.
 Its Policy and Research Unit is based in Wigan, and its European Union office in Brussels, Belgium.
Alexandra Park is a public park in Oldham, Greater Manchester, England.
 It was created in response to the Lancashire Cotton Famine of 1861–1865 as an attempt to keep local textile workers employed.
 The park is located in the Glodwick area of Oldham.
The Greater Manchester Police and Crime Commissioner was the police and crime commissioner, an elected official tasked with setting out the way crime is tackled by the Greater Manchester Police in Greater Manchester.
 The post was created on 21 November 2012, following an election held on 15 November 2012, and replaced the Greater Manchester Police Authority.
 Upon the creation of a Mayor of Greater Manchester and the inaugural election to that position, the duties of Greater Manchester Police and Crime Commissioner were absolved into the mayoralty and the office itself abolished.
 For the entirety of its existence, the commissioner was Labour Party politician Tony Lloyd.
 The police and crime commissioner was required to produce a strategic Greater Manchester Police and Crime Plan, setting out the priorities for the Greater Manchester Police, and their work is scrutinised by the Greater Manchester Police and Crime Panel.
 In November 2014 it was announced that the role would be replaced with a directly elected Mayor of Greater Manchester, and the term of office of the incumbent commissioner was extended to May 2017.
The Greater Manchester Integrated Transport Authority (GMITA) was a local government institution responsible for the strategic direction of passenger transport in Greater Manchester.
 It existed from 1969 to 1974 as the SELNEC Passenger Transport Authority and was then replaced by Greater Manchester County Council.
 It was created again in 1986 as the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Authority.
 It was renamed in 2008 as the Greater Manchester Integrated Transport Authority.
 Policy of the authority was delivered by the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive.
 It was replaced by the Greater Manchester Combined Authority in 2011.
The Greater Manchester Combined Authority (GMCA) is the combined authority of Greater Manchester, England.
 It was established on 1 April 2011 and consists of eleven indirectly elected members, each a directly elected councillor from one of the ten metropolitan boroughs that comprise Greater Manchester together with the Mayor of Greater Manchester.
 The authority derives most of its powers from the Local Government Act 2000 and Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009, and replaced a range of single-purpose joint boards and quangos to provide a formal administrative authority for Greater Manchester for the first time since the abolition of the Greater Manchester County Council in 1986.
Alexandra Park is a 60 acre park in the Whalley Range district of Manchester, England.
 It was designed by Alexander Hennell, opened in 1868 and its initial purpose was to "deter the working men of Manchester from the alehouses during their day off".
 The lodge and gateways are the work of Alfred Darbyshire.
 The park was developed by the Manchester Corporation before the area was incorporated into the city, being sited wholly in the then Withington Local Board area.
 Work begun in late 2012 has led to major changes in the park.
Alexandra Park is a small (six-acre) public open space set within the densely urbanised area of Parkstone in Poole, on the south coast of England.
 Its bowling green and pavilion is home to Alexandra Park Lawn Bowls Club, established in the 1920s.
 The park is essentially Edwardian in concept, but evolved over a period of more than 30 years as what was once open farmland was transformed into a new residential neighbourhood.
 It is apparent that the space was set aside for recreation due to its steeply undulating topography, which would have been unsuitable for housing development.
The Greater Manchester Built-up Area is an area of land defined by the Office for National Statistics (ONS), consisting of the large conurbation that encompasses the urban element of the city of Manchester and the continuous metropolitan area that spreads outwards from it, forming much of Greater Manchester in North West England.
 According to the United Kingdom Census 2011, the Greater Manchester Built-up Area has a population of 2,553,379 making it the second most populous conurbation in the United Kingdom after the Greater London Built-up Area and the thirteenth largest in the European Union.
 This was an increase of 14% from the population recorded at the United Kingdom Census 2001 of 2,240,230, when it was known as the Greater Manchester Urban Area.
The Greater Manchester Transport Innovation Fund was a failed bid by the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Authority (GMPTA) and Association of Greater Manchester Authorities (AGMA) to secure £1.5 billion from the Transport Innovation Fund (TIF), a major public transport funding mechanism in England, for the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester.
 There would have been an additional £1.2 billion borrowed and paid back through a mixture of public transport revenues and weekday, peak-time only Greater Manchester congestion charge.
