The Budweiser Frogs are three lifelike puppet frogs named "Bud", "Weis", and "Er", who began appearing in American television commercials for Budweiser beer during Super Bowl XXIX in 1995.
 They are part of one of the most well-known international alcohol advertising campaigns.
 The first Budweiser Frogs commercial was created by David Swaine, Michael Smith and Mark Choate of DMB&B/St. Louis, but only after their ACDs made them pitch first.
 The commercial was directed by Gore Verbinski, director of the first three Pirates of the Caribbean films.
The Bud Bowl was a stop motion animated Super Bowl advertising campaign first aired in 1989, and sporadically during the 1990s.
 It served as an advertisement for Anheuser-Busch's Budweiser family of beers.
 It featured anthropomorphized Budweiser bottles playing a football game against Bud Light bottles.
Ulterior Emotions was an album released in 2002 by Budweiser as part of their "Bud Light Institute" advertising campaign.
 The album was a giveaway available to purchase on their website.
 Also, for a time, you could download the song "You're Beautiful (Can I Go Up North This Weekend?)"
 on their website for free.
 Lyrics were included with the album.
The Dive Bar Tour, sponsored by Bud Light, was a promotional tour by American singer Lady Gaga, in support of her fifth studio album "Joanne" (2016).
 The tour visited three dive bars in the United States, on October 5, 20 and 27.
 All performances were live streamed on Bud Light's Facebook page, as well as Gaga's.
Michael J. Roarty (August 24, 1928 – March 16, 2013) was an American marketing executive for the Anheuser-Busch brewing company.
 He has been widely credited with turning Anheuser-Busch and its products, including Budweiser, into globally recognized brands through advertising.
 Roarty created the advertising slogans "This Bud's for you" for Budweiser and "Weekends were made for Michelob."
 He also oversaw the creation of the Bud Light ad campaign featuring Spuds McKenzie during the late 1980s.
Bede Aircraft Corporation was founded by controversial aeronautical engineer Jim Bede in 1961 to produce the BD-1 kit aircraft, which eventually became the American Aviation Corporation's AA-1.
 The company also created and produced a number of advanced kit planes including the famous Bede BD-5 (pusher propeller driven) and BD-5J (turbojet driven).
 The BD-5J has held the Guinness record as the World's Smallest Jet Aircraft for more than a quarter century.
 Versions of it saw use in various Budweiser commercials (the Bud Light Jet, which was lost in an inflight fire and crash unrelated to airshow work).
 The tiny jet also appeared in two James Bond movies; "Octopussy" starring Sir Roger Moore, and later in a cameo appearance, hanging from the wall of Q's workshop in "Die Another Day" starring Pierce Brosnan as Agent 007.
Spuds MacKenzie is a fictional dog character created for use in an extensive advertising campaign marketing Bud Light beer in the late 1980s.
 The Spuds MacKenzie mascot and campaign were created by a 23-year-old art director, Jon Moore.
 At the time he was working at Needham, Harper & Steers, a Chicago, Illinois, advertising agency.
 The dog first showed up in a Bud Light Super Bowl XXI ad in 1987.
 During the height of his popularity, large amounts of Spuds merchandise was available, such as plush toys and t-shirts.
Dog Jam is an annual rock festival held at Ford Park in Beaumont, Texas since 2001.
 It is sponsored by local rock radio station KIOC Big Dog 106 and Bud Light.
 Previous bands to play there include Default, 3 Doors Down, Breaking Benjamin, Korn, Droid, Five Finger Death Punch, Hellyeah, Element Eighty, Shinedown, and Staind.
Alex Cross is a 2012 American action crime-thriller film directed by Rob Cohen and starring Tyler Perry as the title character and Matthew Fox as the villain Picasso.
 The adapted screenplay was written by Marc Moss and Kerry Williamson.
 This is the third film appearance of the character Alex Cross, the lead of a series of novels by James Patterson.
 Cross was previously portrayed by Morgan Freeman in "Kiss the Girls" (1997) and "Along Came a Spider" (2001).
 In 2010, Idris Elba was hired to play Cross, but was replaced by Perry.
 Filming took place in 2011, and "Alex Cross" was released on October 19, 2012 in the United States and Canada.
Alex the Dog was the advertising mascot for Stroh's beer in the 1980s and precursor to Budweiser's Spuds MacKenzie.
 At the peak of his career, Alex appeared in parades, on "Good Morning America", and the "Today" show.
 He even inspired a series of toys, posters, cologne, shampoo and hand lotion.
 Hip-hop artist Tone Loc referenced Alex the Dog in his song "Funky Cold Medina".
