Bingolotto is a Swedish primetime television game show lottery that was first broadcast 1989 on local TV and since 1991 nationwide on the Swedish network TV4.
 The show is a collaboration work between Swedish TV channel TV4, the Swedish lottery game company Folkspel and the Swedish sports life.
 The show premiered on 16 January 1989 on the local TV channel Kållevisionen with the highly popular Leif "Loket" Olsson as show host.
 Since the beginning, the show has given 16 billion Swedish krona to the Swedish sports life centre.
The Magic Make-Up Box is a 2003 children's television show produced in India and aired on Zee TV channel.
 The series features a young boy name Abhay who with the help of his friends discover a magical make-up box that helps him transform into any character, whether it is from a past, present, or future.
Holiday & Cruise TV is a television channel in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 Holiday & Cruise TV was launched as Holiday & Cruise Channel on 1 August 2011, on sky TV Channel 284 in the UK & Ireland.
 It was the first TV Channel in the world to feature just holidays & cruises, with new programmes everyday featuring cruise holiday offers.
 In June 2014, following a re-shuffle of the Sky TV EPG the channel moved to its current position of 256.
 For a year it was also rebroadcast on FreeSat.
CBWFT-DT, virtual channel 3 (UHF digital channel 51), is an Ici Radio-Canada Télé owned-and-operated television station located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
 The station is owned by the Société Radio-Canada arm of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, as part of a twinstick with CBC Television outlet CBWT-DT (channel 6).
 The two stations share studios located on Portage Avenue and Young Street in Downtown Winnipeg, and its transmitter is located near Red Coat Trail/Highway 2) in Macdonald.
 This station can also be seen on Shaw Cable and MTS TV channel 10, and Bell TV channel 118.
 There is a high definition feed offered on Shaw Cable digital channel 214 and MTS TV channel 448.
Karaoke on the Maidan was one of the most popular TV projects in Ukraine.
 Its rates and shares were very high.
 It was on air during more than 10 years.
 Ihor Kondratuk was a presenter and coauthor of this TV show.
 Andrey Kozlov ("What?
 Where?
 When?
" magister) who is a godfather of Kondratuk's child was as well a coauthor of "Karaoke on the Maidan".
 This format had been beamed in Russia on TV channel 31 (February 1997 to the end of 1999) before it started in Ukraine on TV channel Inter in 1999.
 TV channel 1+1 bought the right to broadcast it on air in 2007.
Josquin Des Pres (Born Josquin Turenne Des Pres) is a 20th-century French born American composer, bassist, author, producer, songwriter and most known for his contributions to music media books for Hal Leonard Corporation and Mel Bay instructional music books.
 Josquin has written a vast library of compositions and music techniques on bass, music studies and various collections which are used by music teachers, private studies and in schools both nationally and internationally as a standard tool in the music industry.
 Des Pres is also a collaborative writer with English lyricist, poet, and singer Bernie Taupin on several compositions.
 Josquin Des Pres also writes musical scores and music trailers for more than 40 major TV networks and television shows including The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Bachelor (U.S. TV series), American Idol, The Tyra Banks Show, George Lopez (TV series), Anderson Cooper, TMZ on TV, Extra (TV program), American Chopper, Pawn Stars, Deadliest Catch, CNN, NBC, HGTV, TBS (U.S. TV channel), Bravo (U.S. TV network), Food Network, Animal Planet, Discovery Channel, History (U.S. TV channel), Travel Channel, CBS Television Stations, Viacom, VH1, ABC, BET, KPBS (TV), TLC (TV network), and The CW Network.
 His works are also known on MTV Networks Television Series Catfish, The Seven, When I Was Seventeen, MTV Cribs, Pimp My Ride, Teen Mom, True Life and 10 on Top.
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil (often referred to as simply Kick Buttowski) is an American animated television series created and executive produced by animator Sandro Corsaro, about a young boy named Clarence Francis "Kick" Buttowski (Charlie Schlatter), who aspires to become the world's greatest daredevil.
 It became the fourth Disney XD original series and the first such animated series.
 The show premiered on February 13, 2010, with two episodes airing the first day.
 Also the series premiered on Disney Channel Asia on May 28, 2010.
 There are two 11-minute segments per show.
 The show uses Toon Boom Animation software.
 There are also some 3D-animated elements.
 The first season was executive-produced and directed by Chris Savino, who would later create "The Loud House" for Nickelodeon.
 Many of the characters and situations were based on Corsaro's childhood growing up in Stoneham, Massachusetts.
Perfect Hair Forever is an American comedy animated television series on Cartoon Network's late night programming block Adult Swim.
 The series revolves around a young boy named Gerald Bald Z and his quest to find perfect hair.
Helping Henry was a United Kingdom Channel 4 children's television programme, which ran for one series of thirteen 15-minute episodes in 1988.
 Designed as an educational show, it featured a young boy named Stephen explaining how things worked to an alien named N-3 (or "Henry"), who was disguised as a dining-room chair (voiced by Jeremy Hardy).
Salty's Lighthouse was a series for young children, produced by Sunbow Entertainment and TLC in 1997 to 1998 in association with the Bank Street College of Education in New York.
 The show centered on a young boy named Salty, as he played and learned with his friends in a magical lighthouse.
 As well as the animated adventures of Salty and his friends, the series used live-action footage from the British children's television series "Tugs" for various segments.
 40 episodes were produced in the series.
 It ran from October 3, 1997 to June 26, 1998 on TLC and later on Channel 4 in the UK, Fox Kids in Australia and TV3 in Ireland, in addition also airing on CVM Television in Jamaica.
