The Tongbai Pumped Storage Power Station is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station located 6 km north of Tiantai city in Tiantai County of Zhejiang Province, China.
 Construction on the power station began in May 2000 and the first unit was commissioned in December 2005.
 The remaining three were operational by December 2006.
 The entire project cost US$904.10 million, of which US$320 million was provided by the World Bank.
 The power station operates by shifting water between an upper and lower reservoir to generate electricity.
 The lower reservoir was formed with the creation of the Tongbai Lower Dam on the Baizhang River.
 The Tongbai Upper Reservoir, which already existed before construction began, is in an adjacent valley above the east side of the lower reservoir on Tongbai Creek.
 During periods of low energy demand, such as at night, water is pumped from Tongbai Lower Reservoir up to the upper reservoir.
 When energy demand is high, the water is released back down to the lower reservoir but the pump turbines that pumped the water up now reverse mode and serve as generators to produce electricity.
 The process is repeated as necessary and the plant serves as a peaking power plant.
 The power station is operated by Shenergy Company.
The Jablanica Dam is an arch-gravity dam on the Neretva River about 4 km northeast of Jablanica in the Herzegovina-Neretva Canton of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The dam was constructed between 1947 and 1955 with the primary purpose of hydroelectric power production.
 The power station was commissioned in two stages, from 1955 until 1958.
 The first generator was commissioned in February 1955.
 An upgrade in 2008 increased the installed capacity of the power station from 150 MW to 180 MW.
 The dam's power station is located about 4.4 km to the southeast near Jablanica and discharges back into the Neretva River.
 It contains six 30 MW Francis turbine-generators for an installed capacity of 180 MW.
 The difference in elevation between the reservoir and power station afford a hydraulic head (water drop) of 111 m .
 The dam is 85 m tall and creates Jablanica lake.
 The dam and power station are owned and operated by Elektroprivreda Bosne i Hercegovine.
The Hasdeo Thermal Power Station or Korba West Thermal Power Station is an 840 megawatt (MW) coal-fired power station at Korba in Chhattisgarh, India.
 The power station is owned and operated by Chhattisgarh State Power Generation Company, a publicly owned generation utility formed in 2009 following the restructuring of the Chhattisgarh State Electricity Board.
The Bełchatów Power Station is the world's second largest (nameplate power of 5,420 MW) lignite-fired power station situated near Bełchatów in Łódź Voivodeship, Poland.
 It is the largest thermal power station in Europe, and second largest fossil-fuel power station in the world.
 It produces 27–28 TWh of electricity per year, or 20% of the total power generation in Poland.
 The power station is owned and operated by PGE GIEK Oddział Elektrownia Bełchatów, a subsidiary of Polska Grupa Energetyczna.
Reeves Plains Power Station is a proposal from Alinta Energy to build a gas-fired power station at Reeves Plains between Gawler and Mallala in South Australia.
 The proposed site borders both the Moomba-Adelaide gas pipe and an electricity transmission line.
 The power station is proposed to use six gas turbines to produce up to 300 MW of electricity.
 It is expected to be operated at a peaking plant rather than running full time.
 The primary source of fuel will be the gas pipeline, however the plant will also be able to operate on diesel fuel, and will have diesel storage on site.
 Stage 1 is expected to only be two or three of the turbines, generating 100 to 150 MW of electricity.
 The power station is expected to take 12 months to build, and be commissioned in January 2019.
The Korba Thermal Power Station or Korba East Thermal Power Station is a coal-fired power station at Korba East in Chhattisgarh, India.
 The power station is owned and operated by Chhattisgarh State Power Generation Company, publicly owned generation utility formed in 2009 following the restructuring of the Chhattisgarh State Electricity Board.
Condamine Power Station is a 140 MW combined cycle power station near Miles on the western Darling Downs in Queensland, Australia.
 The station is located 8 km east of Miles on the south side of the Warrego Highway.
 The Condamine Power Station is owned by QGC Limited, a subsidiary of BG Group.
 It has been claimed to be the world’s first combined-cycle power station entirely fired by untreated coal seam gas and Australia's first steam turbine condenser cooled by coal seam methane waste water.
 However, the Townsville Power Station at Yabulu, which was converted from a peak load power station to burn only coal seam gas in a combined cycle configuration, was commissioned much earlier, in February 2005.
The Lake Margaret Power Stations comprise two hydroelectric power stations located in Western Tasmania, Australia.
 The power stations are part of the KingYolande Power Scheme and are owned and operated by Hydro Tasmania.
 Officially the Upper Lake Margaret Power Station, a conventional hydroelectric power station, and the Lower Lake Margaret Power Station, a mini-hydroelectric power station, the stations are generally collectively referred to in the singular format as the Lake Margaret Power Station.
 The stations are located approximately 2.5 km apart.
Tarong North Power Station is a 443 megawatt coal fired power station on the same site as Tarong Power Station in the South Burnett.
 The Queensland Government commissioned the construction of the power station in November 1999.
 Construction work began in 2000.
 The power station was initially owned by a 50/50 joint venture between Tarong Energy and TM Energy.
 Full ownership of the power station by Tarong Energy was obtained in November 2009.
The Millmerran Power Station is a coal-fired power station south of Millmerran in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.
 The power station was commissioned in 2002 and cost $1.5 billion to build.
 The power station is owned and operated by InterGen, a multinational company owned by the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan and AIG Highstar Capital II, a private equity fund sponsored by a subsidiary of American International Group, Inc.
