What We Talk About When We Talk About Love is a 1981 collection of short stories by American writer Raymond Carver, as well as the title of one of the stories in the collection.
Elephant is a collection of short stories by American writer Raymond Carver published in Great Britain, 1988.
 The stories in the collection were first published in the U.S. in "Where I'm Calling From: New & Selected Stories" (1988).
The Man Who Knew Too Much and other stories (1922) is a book of detective stories by English writer G. K. Chesterton, published in 1922 by Cassell and Company in the United Kingdom, and Harper Brothers in the United States.
 The book contains eight connected short stories about "The Man Who Knew Too Much", and additional unconnected stories featuring separate heroes/detectives.
 The United States edition contained one of these additional stories: "The Trees of Pride", while the United Kingdom edition contained "Trees of Pride" and three more, shorter stories: "The Garden of Smoke", "The Five of Swords" and "The Tower of Treason".
Essex County Trilogy is a collection of three graphic short stories set in Essex County, Ontario by Jeff Lemire published in 2011 by Top Shelf Productions.
 The three short stories are "Tales from the Farm (2008)," "Ghost Stories (2008)," and "The Country Nurse (2009)."
 Two other shorter stories titled "The Essex County Boxing Club" and "The Sad and Lonely Life of Eddie Elephant Ears" are also included.
 The collection won the Alex Award, the Doug Wright Award, and the Joe Shuster Award It was also a 2011 selection for Canada Reads: The Essential Canadian Novels of the Decade.
 In addition, "Essex County" provided Jeff Lemire with a Harvey Award nomination for Best New Talent in 2008.
Short Cuts is a 1993 American comedy-drama film, directed by Robert Altman.
 Filmed from a screenplay by Altman and Frank Barhydt, it is inspired by nine short stories and a poem by Raymond Carver.
 Substituting a Los Angeles setting for the Pacific Northwest backdrop of Carver's stories, the film traces the actions of 22 principal characters, both in parallel and at occasional loose points of connection.
 The role of chance and luck is central to the film, and many of the stories concern death and infidelity.
The Voice is a print and online newspaper based in Botswana.
 "The Voice" was founded in Francistown in 1993 as "The Francistowner Extra"; in 1999 it opened offices in the national capital, Gaborone.
 It has adopted a tabloid format which means shorter stories, bigger pictures and bolder headlines.
 The overall newspaper style encouraged journalist to develop a creative writing identity.
 Readership is at 30,000 copies per edition containing mostly human interest stories.
The bibliography of Raymond Carver consists of 72 short stories, 306 poems, a novel fragment, a one-act play, a screenplay co-written with Tess Gallagher, and 32 pieces of non-fiction (essays, a meditation, introductions, and book reviews).
 In 2009 the 17 stories collected in "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love" were published in their manuscript form, prior to Gordon Lish's extensive editing, under the title "Beginners".
"Where I'm Calling From" is a short story by American author Raymond Carver.
 The story focuses on the effects of alcohol.
 Throughout this story Carver experiments with the use of quotation and meditates on the healing factors of storytelling.
 This story also lends its title to a collection of thirty-seven short stories compiled by Carver, "Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories".
"Little Things" is a short story by American writer Raymond Carver.
 It was originally title "Mine", but was first published in "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love" under the title "Popular Mechanics."
 It was then republished with the title "Little Things" in Carver's 1988 collection "Where I’m Calling From: New and Selected Stories".
Carol Sklenicka (born 1948 in San Luis Obispo, California) is an American biographer and essayist best known as the author of "Raymond Carver: A Writer's Life", the first comprehensive biography of short story writer Raymond Carver.
