Papa Gino's, Inc. is a restaurant chain based in Dedham, Massachusetts specializing in American-style pizza along with pasta, subs, salads, and a variety of appetizers.
 There are over 150 Papa Gino's locations in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island.
Papa John's Pizza is an American restaurant franchise company.
 It runs the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the United States, with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, a suburb of Louisville.
Pie Five Pizza Co. is a fast casual restaurant chain specializing in handcrafted personal pizza made in less than 5 minutes.
 The brand is owned by Rave Restaurant Group, which also owns Pizza Inn.
 As of December 2016, Pie Five has 98 restaurants in the following locations: Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Kentucky, Virginia and Washington, D.C. with more than 400 additional company-owned and franchise units anticipated.
Peppes Pizza is a Norwegian pizza chain that serves American style and Italian style pizza.
 Peppes is the largest pizza chain in Scandinavia.
 The restaurant was founded by two Americans, Louis Jordan and his wife Anne from Hartford, Connecticut.
 The restaurant chain is part of Umoe Catering As which consists of restaurants such as Burger King, TGI Fridays, La Baguette and Cafe Opus.
 Peppes Pizza is one of the first restaurants that brought foreign food to Norway.
 9 million pizzas are served by Peppes each year with deliveries in 11 cities in Norway.
 Their menu was first put online in March 1995.
 The servings have been described as enough for two people and that the pizza chain is "a cut above the rest".
Big Mama's & Papa's Pizzeria is a pizza restaurant chain primarily located in Southern California.
 The chain is notable for its extremely large "Giant Sicilian" pizza, which is claimed to be the largest deliverable pizza in the world.
 Additionally, the chain gained notoriety when, during the 2014 Academy Awards, host Ellen Degeneres had Big Mama's pizzas delivered onstage.
Gino's Pizza and Spaghetti is a restaurant chain with 40 locations, most of them within the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 The company was founded by Kenney Grant in 1961.
 Many locations are shared with Tudor's Biscuit World although the Gino's brand is exclusive to West Virginia.
 There is one located in Ohio, while there are stand alone Tudor's locations in eastern Kentucky, southern Ohio and southwest Virginia.
 Gino's serves pizza, spaghetti, sandwiches, and more.
 Company headquarters are located in Huntington, West Virginia and Nitro, West Virginia.
Pizza 73 is a Canadian restaurant chain that offers a number of different styles of pizza, along with chicken wings.
 It has been operated by Pizza Pizza since 2007.
 Toronto-based Pizza Pizza had acquired the restaurant for a total of $CAN70.2 million.
 There are 89 locations throughout Western Canada, which include the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan.
 The restaurant's name originates from its original phone number: 473–7373.
 Founded by David Tougas and Guy Goodwin in 1985, Pizza 73 is headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Tudor's Biscuit World is a restaurant chain based in Huntington, West Virginia, most commonly found in West Virginia.
 Many West Virginia locations share a building with Gino's Pizza and Spaghetti, although the chain is more extensive than Gino's (which is exclusive to West Virginia), having locations in southern Ohio, eastern Kentucky, and southwestern Virginia.
 In 2016 a franchise was opened in Panama City, Florida.
 Tudor's serves biscuits, biscuit sandwiches, homestyle breakfasts and dinners, muffins, and several side dishes.
 The chain was originally based in Charleston, West Virginia and many of the biscuit sandwiches are named for sports teams of interest in that area, including teams at Marshall University, West Virginia University, and The University of Charleston.
Pizza Inn is an American restaurant chain and international food franchise, specializing in American-style pan pizza and side dishes.
 The company is based in the Dallas suburb of The Colony, Texas.
Gino's East is a Chicago-based restaurant chain, notable for its deep-dish pizza (sometimes called Chicago-style pizza), and for its interior walls, which patrons have covered in graffiti and etchings.
 The restaurant features deep-dish pizza baked in cast-iron pans, as well as sandwiches, soups and salads.
