During the English reformation a number of men were executed at Lancaster in England as a consequence of their Catholic faith.
 They are commonly referred to as the Lancaster Martyrs and are commemorated locally by the Lancaster Martyrs Memorial Stone which may be found close to the centre of Lancaster city.
Lancaster Mennonite School is a private Christian school with five campuses in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States, and one in Hershey, Dauphin County.
 The Lancaster Campus, east of the city of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, serves students in grades six through twelve.
 The high school on the Lancaster Campus is known as Lancaster Mennonite High School.
 The nearby Locust Grove Campus provides pre-kindergarten through eighth grade.
 To the southwest of Lancaster city, the New Danville Campus offers pre-kindergarten through fifth grade.
 In northwest Lancaster County, the Kraybill Campus has students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade.
 The Hershey Campus, in Hummelstown, offers kindergarten through high school.
 Altogether, the school had a total enrollment of approximately 1,462 students at the end of the 2016-17 school year.
Mansell, Lewis & Fugate was an architectural firm established in 1955 by architects Thomas Norman Mansell, Richard Arnold Lewis, and Edwin Lindsay Fugate, as the direct successor to the firm, T. Norman Mansell, established in 1938.
 The firm was based at 300 E. Lancaster Avenue Wynnewood, Pennsylvania 19096 and practiced in Delaware, Delaware, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Virginia.
 The firm often worked with Lutheran clients.
 The firm's work at Wittenberg University Chapel was awarded the excellence of design award by the Guild Religious Architecture in 1957.
Lancaster City Museum is a museum in Lancaster, Lancashire, England.
 It is housed in the former town hall in the Market Square and includes the King's Own Royal Regiment Museum.
 The museum was founded in 1923, and its collections illustrate the archaeology and history of the city and surrounding areas.
 Among its highlights is the Lancaster Roman Tombstone, a memorial dating from c. 100 AD which was found locally in 2005.
 It depicts a Roman soldier on horseback with a decapitated opponent at his feet, and is described as "an iconic piece of Lancaster's dramatic past [giving] a crucial insight into the history of the county."
 The museum has expressed an interest in acquiring the Viking-era Silverdale Hoard, discovered in the City of Lancaster district in 2011, for its collection.
The Hangar, formerly known as Lancaster Municipal Stadium and Clear Channel Stadium, is a stadium in Lancaster, California.
 It is built just off California State Route 14.
 It is primarily used for baseball, and is the home field of the Lancaster JetHawks minor league baseball team of the California League.
 It was built in 1996 and was known as the Lancaster Municipal Stadium.
 In 2005, Clear Channel Communications entered into a 10-year, $770,000 naming rights deal with the JetHawks and the City of Lancaster.
 The City of Lancaster and the JetHawks will divide the revenue from the deal equally.
 The deal runs through the 2014 season.
 However, the signage stating Clear Channel Stadium was removed during the 2012 season and the stadium is now known as The Hangar, its nickname since the stadium opened in 1996.
Richard Gillow (1733–1811) was an English architect and businessman from Lancaster.
 He was the son of the carpenter Robert Gillow, the founder of Gillows of Lancaster and London, a successful cabinet-making firm.
Myerson & Kuhn was a New York-based law firm that operated from 1988-1990.
 It was formed by name partners Bowie Kuhn and Harvey D. Myerson, former partner in the defunct Finley, Kumble, Wagner, Underberg, Manley, Myerson & Casey who brought some 80 attorneys with him from the unraveling firm.
 The new firm benefited from the arrival of former Finley, Kumble partners who brought such clients as Donald Trump, Lehman Brothers, Teleflex, Inc. and ConAgra.
 In 1989, the firm launched in Los Angeles with a group of 18 lawyers who defected from Shea & Gould.
 The firm suffered a spectacular collapse in December 1989 amid discord with its biggest client, Shearson Lehman Hutton, predecessor to Lehman Brothers over the alleged padding of legal bills, and mounting debts of over $11 million.
 Named partner Bowie Kuhn fled to Florida as creditors sought to hold him personally liable for up to $3 million in firm debts.
 When the press and his creditors finally found him in Northern Florida, Kuhn told the New York Times, “My multiple great-grandfather Dr. William Worthington was the first Governor of this section of Florida after it was acquired from Spain in 1819.”
 Harvey Myerson, first given the moniker “Heavy Hitter Harvey” for his litigation acumen was later given the nickname in the legal press, “Agent Orange of the legal profession″ due to his extravagant tastes and unfulfilled ambitions which drove his firm into the ground financially.
 For example, guests at the launch party for the firm each received a Cartier SA crystal apple with gold leaves and stem engraved with a quote from the Wall Street Journal remarking on the formation of the firm, 'A New Legal Powerhouse is Rising.'
 Though Myerson dreamt of relaunching a legal practice, he was sentenced to 70 months in federal prison for tax fraud and defrauding clients.
The Lancaster Volunteer Ambulance Corps, also known as the LVAC & simply as Lancaster Ambulance is a not-for-profit (501c3) EMS agency in Lancaster, New York.
 The Corps primary response area is the Village & Town of Lancaster, the Village of Depew and the Village & Town of Alden, New York.
 It also responds to areas via mutual aid agreements and requests for service.
 LVAC responds 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
 The LVAC is a combination EMS agency, having a career staff on duty 24/7 and supplemented by a volunteer staff.
 Lancaster Ambulance covers a population of about 90,000 people in a geographic area of approximately 83 square miles and responds to over 5,000 EMS requests a year.
The Lancaster Brewing Company is a brewery and pub located in Lancaster, Pennsylvania that produces beer and serves food.
 The brewery produces over 20 different beers throughout the year.
 Up to 12 beers are on tap inside the restaurant at any one time.
 Lancaster Brewing Company beer can be found throughout the Mid-Atlantic region with distribution in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Washington DC, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia.
 The brewery and the restaurant are located in the historic Edward McGovern Tobacco Warehouse, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 located at 302 N. Plum St, Lancaster, PA 17602.
The firm of Herter Brothers, New York, (working 1864–1906), founded by Gustave (1830–1898) and Christian Herter (1839–1883), begun as an upholstery warehouse, became one of the first firms of furniture makers and interior decorators in the United States after the Civil War.
 With their own design office and cabinet-making and upholstery workshops, Herter Brothers were prepared to accomplish every aspect of interior furnishing including decorative paneling and mantels, wall and ceiling decoration, patterned floors and carpets and draperies.
