KMBC-TV, virtual channel 9 (UHF digital channel 29), is the ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Kansas City, Missouri, United States and also serving Kansas City, Kansas.
 The station is owned by the Hearst Television subsidiary of the Hearst Corporation, as part of a duopoly with CW affiliate KCWE (channel 29).
 The two stations share studio facilities located at the Winchester Business Center on Winchester Avenue and East 63rd Street (near Swope Park, off of I-435) in southeastern Kansas City, Missouri; KMBC-TV maintains transmitter facilities located near the Blue River in eastern Kansas City.
 On cable, KMBC-TV is available on Charter Spectrum, Comcast Xfinity and Consolidated Communications channel 12, and Google Fiber and AT&T U-verse channel 9.
 There is a high definition feed provided on Spectrum digital channel 1200, Xfinity channel 812, Consolidated channel 610 and U-verse channel 1009.
WJXX, virtual channel 25 (VHF digital channel 10), is an ABC-affiliated television station serving Jacksonville, Florida, United States that is licensed to Orange Park.
 The station is owned by the Tegna Media division of Tegna, Inc., as part of a duopoly with Jacksonville-licensed NBC affiliate WTLV (channel 12) (ironically a former ABC affiliate itself from 1980 to 1988).
 The two stations share studio facilities on East Adams Street (near EverBank Field) in downtown Jacksonville; WJXX's transmitter is located on Eve Drive in the city's Kilarney Shores section.
KXMB-TV, channel 12, is the CBS-affiliated television station for Bismarck, North Dakota.
 It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 12 (or virtual channel 12.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter near St. Anthony.
 The station can also be seen on Midcontinent cable channel 11 in Bismarck-Mandan, and cable channel 12 in most other areas.
 There is a high definition feed provided on Midcontinent digital channel 611.
WTLV, virtual channel 12 (VHF digital channel 13), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
 The station is owned by the Tegna Media division of Tegna, Inc., as part of a duopoly with Orange Park-licensed ABC affiliate WJXX (channel 25).
 The two stations share studio facilities on East Adams Street (near EverBank Field) in downtown Jacksonville; WTLV's transmitter is located on Eve Drive in the city's Killarney Shores section.
KWCH-DT, virtual channel 12 (UHF digital channel 19), is a CBS-affiliated television station serving Wichita, Kansas, United States that is licensed to Hutchinson.
 The station is owned by Gray Television, as part of a duopoly with CW affiliate KSCW-DT (channel 33); Gray also operates Univision affiliate KDCU-DT (channel 31) under a joint sales agreement with owner Entravision Communications Corporation.
 KWCH and KSCW share studio facilities and KDCU's master control operations are located on 37th Street in northeast Wichita; KWCH maintains transmitter facilities located in rural northeastern Reno County (south-southeast of Buhler).
KHSL-TV, virtual channel 12 (UHF digital channel 43) is a CBS-affiliated television station located in Chico, California, United States, that also serves Redding.
 The station is owned by Heartland Media as part of a duopoly with NBC affiliate KNVN (channel 24), which is owned by Maxair Media but operated by Heartland through a local marketing agreement.
 The two stations share studios at the corner of Eaton Road and Silverbell Road on the northwest side of Chico, while its transmitter is located along Cohasset Road in rural Butte County northwest of Paradise.
WDJT-TV, virtual channel 58 (UHF digital channel 46), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.
 The station is owned by Chicago-based Weigel Broadcasting, as part of a duopoly with Racine-licensed independent station WMLW-TV (channel 49), and is also a sister station to MeTV owned-and-operated station WBME-CD (channel 41, which is also carried via WDJT's DT2 subchannel) and Telemundo affiliate WYTU-LD (channel 63).
 All four stations share studio facilities located on South 60th Street in Milwaukee (near West Allis); WDJT's transmitter is located in Milwaukee's Lincoln Park (next to the transmitter belonging to ABC affiliate WISN-TV, channel 12).
KSCW-DT, virtual channel 33 (VHF digital channel 12), is a CW-affiliated television station licensed to Wichita, Kansas, United States.
 The station is owned by Gray Television, as part of a duopoly with CBS affiliate KWCH-DT (channel 12); Gray also operates Univision affiliate KDCU-DT (channel 31) under a joint sales agreement with owner Entravision Communications Corporation.
 KSCW and KWCH share studio facilities and KDCU's master control operations are located on East 37th Street North in northeastern Wichita; KSCW maintains transmitter facilities located in rural northeastern Reno County (due south of Buhler).
WFLD, virtual channel 32 (UHF digital channel 31), is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to Chicago, Illinois, United States.
 The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations division of 21st Century Fox, and operates as part of a television duopoly with Gary, Indiana-licensed primary CW affiliate and secondary MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated station WPWR-TV (channel 50).
 The two stations share studio and office facilities located at Michigan Plaza on North Michigan Avenue in the Chicago Loop; WFLD's transmitter is based at the Willis Tower on South Wacker Drive in the Loop business district.
 On cable, the station can be seen on Comcast Xfinity channel 12 in most parts of the Chicago area.
KDCU-DT, virtual and UHF digital channel 31, is a Univision-affiliated television station serving Wichita, Kansas, United States that is licensed to Derby.
 The station is owned by the Entravision Communications Corporation; Gray Television, which owns CBS affiliate KWCH-DT (channel 12) and CW affiliate KSCW-DT (channel 33), operates KDCU under a joint sales agreement.
 KDCU's offices and master control operations are based at KWCH and KSCW's joint studio facilities on 37th Street in northeast Wichita; KDCU maintains transmitter facilities located in rural northwestern Sedgwick County (northeast of Colwich).
 On cable, the station is available in standard definition on Cox Communications channel 15 and AT&T U-verse channel 31, and in high definition on Cox digital channel 2015 and U-verse channel 1031.
