Reagan Rome (born December 29, 1981) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.
 After a junior career spent between the Western Hockey League and Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League, Rome began a seven-year professional career spanning the Central Hockey League, ECHL, American Hockey League and 2nd Bundesliga in Germany.
 He has three brothers – Ryan Rome, Aaron Rome and Ashton Rome, all of whom have also played hockey professionally.
 Competing four seasons with the Reading Royals of the ECHL, he was inducted into the team's Wall of Honor on January 15, 2010.
Alba Longa (occasionally written Albalonga in Italian sources) was an ancient city of Latium in central Italy, 12 mi southeast of Rome, in the Alban Hills.
 Founder and head of the Latin League, it was destroyed by Rome around the middle of the 7th century BC.
 In legend, Romulus and Remus, founders of Rome, had come from the royal dynasty of Alba Longa, which in Virgil's Aeneid had been the bloodline of Aeneas, a son of Venus.
The Flavian dynasty was a Roman imperial dynasty, which ruled the Roman Empire between 69 AD and 96 AD, encompassing the reigns of Vespasian (69–79), and his two sons Titus (79–81) and Domitian (81–96).
 The Flavians rose to power during the civil war of 69, known as the Year of the Four Emperors.
 After Galba and Otho died in quick succession, Vitellius became emperor in mid 69.
 His claim to the throne was quickly challenged by legions stationed in the Eastern provinces, who declared their commander Vespasian emperor in his place.
 The Second Battle of Bedriacum tilted the balance decisively in favour of the Flavian forces, who entered Rome on December 20.
 The following day, the Roman Senate officially declared Vespasian emperor of the Roman Empire, thus commencing the Flavian dynasty.
 Although the dynasty proved to be short-lived, several significant historic, economic and military events took place during their reign.
The Herodian Dynasty was a royal dynasty of Idumaean (Edomite) descent, ruling the Herodian Kingdom and later the Herodian Tetrarchy, as vassals of the Roman Empire.
 The Herodian dynasty began with Herod the Great, who assumed the throne of Judea, with Roman support, bringing down the century long Hasmonean Kingdom.
 His kingdom lasted until his death in 4 BCE, when it was divided between his sons as a Tetrarchy, which lasted for about 10 years.
 Most of those tetrarchies, including Judea proper, were incorporated into Judaea Province from 6 CE, though limited Herodian "de facto" kingship continued until Agrippa I's death in 44 CE and nominal title of kingship continued until 92 CE, when the last Herodian monarch, Agrippa II, died and Rome assumed full power over his "de jure" domain.
The Byzantine Empire was ruled by emperors of the Doukas dynasty between 1059 and 1081.
 There are six emperors and co-emperors of this period: the dynasty's founder, Emperor Constantine X Doukas (r. 1059–1067), his brother John Doukas, "katepano" and later "Caesar", Romanos IV Diogenes (r. 1068–1071), Constantine's son Michael VII Doukas (r. 1071–1078), Michael's son and co-emperor Constantine Doukas, and finally Nikephoros III Botaneiates (r. 7 January 1078 – 1 April 1081), who claimed descent from the  Phokas family.
The history of the Roman Empire covers the history of Ancient Rome from the fall of the Roman Republic in 27 BC until the abdication of the last Western emperor in 476 AD.
 Rome had begun expanding shortly after the founding of the Republic in the 6th century BC, though it did not expand outside of the Italian Peninsula until the 3rd century BC.
 Civil war engulfed the Roman state in the mid 1st century BC, first between Julius Caesar and Pompey, and finally between Octavian and Mark Antony.
 Antony was defeated at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC.
 In 27 BC the Senate and People of Rome made Octavian "imperator" ("commander") thus beginning the Principate, the first epoch of Roman imperial history usually dated from 27 BC to 284 AD; they later awarded him the name Augustus, "the venerated".
 The success of Augustus in establishing principles of dynastic succession was limited by his outliving a number of talented potential heirs: the Julio-Claudian dynasty lasted for four more emperors—Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius, and Nero—before it yielded in 69 AD to the strife-torn Year of Four Emperors, from which Vespasian emerged as victor.
 Vespasian became the founder of the brief Flavian dynasty, to be followed by the Nerva–Antonine dynasty which produced the "Five Good Emperors": Nerva, Trajan, Hadrian, Antoninus Pius and the philosophically inclined Marcus Aurelius.
 In the view of the Greek historian Dio Cassius, a contemporary observer, the accession of the emperor Commodus in 180 AD marked the descent "from a kingdom of gold to one of rust and iron"—a famous comment which has led some historians, notably Edward Gibbon, to take Commodus' reign as the beginning of the decline of the Roman Empire.
Ryan Rome (born October 24, 1979) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.
 He played amateur hockey with the University of Regina before beginning a three-season professional career between the Central Hockey League and United Hockey League.
 Rome retired following the 2004–05 campaign.
 He has three brothers, Reagan Rome, Aaron Rome and Ashton Rome, all of whom have also played hockey professionally.
The Column of Antoninus Pius (Italian: "Colonna di Antonino Pio" ) is a Roman honorific column in Rome, Italy, devoted in AD 161 to the Roman emperor Antoninus Pius, in the Campus Martius, on the edge of the hill now known as Monte Citorio, and set up by his successors, the co-emperors Marcus Aurelius and Lucius Verus.
The Brothers of the Christian Schools (also known as the Christian Brothers, the Lasallian Brothers, the French Christian Brothers, or the De La Salle Brothers; French: Frères des écoles chrétiennes ; Latin: Fratres Scholarum Christianarum) is a Roman Catholic religious teaching congregation, founded in France by Jean-Baptiste de La Salle (1651–1719), and now based in Rome.
 The Brothers use the post-nominal abbreviation F.S.C. to denote their membership of the order, and the honorific title Brother, abbreviated Br.
.
 The Lasallian Christian Brothers are not the same order as the Irish Christian Brothers.
Daqin (; alternative transliterations include Tachin, Tai-Ch'in) is the ancient Chinese name for the Roman Empire or, depending on context, the Near East, especially Syria.
 It literally means the greater China, Qin () being the name of the founding dynasty of the Chinese Empire.
 Historian John Foster defined it as "the Roman Empire, or rather that part of it which alone was known to the Chinese, Syria".
 In various texts its capitals were given as Antioch and Constantinople, with no clear descriptions of the city of Rome.
 Its basic facets such as laws, customs, dress, and currency were explained in Chinese sources.
 Its medieval incarnation was described in histories during the Tang dynasty (618–907 AD) onwards as "Fulin" (), which Friedrich Hirth and other scholars have identified as the Byzantine Empire.
 Daqin was also commonly associated with the Syriac-speaking Nestorian Christians who lived in China during the Tang dynasty.
