The Boreel, later Boreel Baronetcy, of Amsterdam in the Netherlands, is a title in the Baronetage of England.
 It was created on 21 March 1645 for William Boreel.
 He was Dutch Ambassador to England, Sweden and Venice.
 The title descended in the direct line until the death of his grandson, the third Baronet, in 1710.
 The late Baronet died unmarried and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fourth Baronet.
 He died without male issue and was succeeded by his first cousin, the fifth Baronet.
 He was the son of James Boreel, younger son of the first Baronet.
 He died childless and was succeeded by his nephew, the sixth Baronet.
 He was the son of James Boreel, younger brother of the fifth Baronet.
 He never married and was succeeded by his first cousin once removed, the seventh Baronet.
 He was the grandson of John Hieronymous Boreel, younger brother of the fifth Baronet.
 His son, the eighth Baronet, was created a Jonkheer in the Dutch nobility.
 The title descended from father to son until the death of his grandson, the tenth Baronet, in 1937.
Billy Thompson, sometimes known as Texas Billy Thompson (1845 – September 6, 1897) was an Old West gunman and gambler, and the younger brother of the famous gunman and lawman Ben Thompson.
 The younger Thompson brother never achieved the fame that his brother achieved, and in his own lifetime was mainly referred to as the unpredictable and troubled younger brother of Ben Thompson.
 Factually, however, while a dangerous man, he also was a formidable opponent in a gunfight.
He was born to Sir Maurice Berkeley, "de jure" 3rd Baron Berkeley, and Isabel Meade, in England.
 He was the younger brother to Maurice Berkeley, "de jure" 4th Baron Berkeley, and had a younger brother, James, and younger sister, Anne.
 On 9 September 1513 he fought in the Battle of Flodden and was knighted by the Earl of Surrey, Thomas Howard.
 He later became Constable of Berkeley Castle on 15 May 1514, and Sheriff of Gloucestershire, November 1522 - November 1523.
 By writ, he was succeeded to the title of "de jure" 5th Baron Berkeley on 12 September 1523 after his brother Maurice's death, and his eldest son Thomas followed as the "de jure" 6th Baron Berkeley, again by writ.
Petter Halfdan Rudolf Fredrik Olsen (born 7 February 1948) is a Norwegian businessman, billionaire and member of the Olsen shipping family, who own Fred.
 Olsen & Co. He is the younger brother of the current leader of the company, Fredrik Olsen.
 Petter Olsen formerly owned one of the four versions of Edvard Munch's "The Scream" (1895), one of the world's most iconic works of art.
 The older brother, Fredrik Olsen, had been involved in a legal process against his younger brother concerning "The Scream" and other Munch works that had been collected by their father, Thomas Fredrik Olsen.
 According to the will of their mother, Henriette, the collection was to be left to the younger son.
 Fredrik Olsen disputed the will but lost the case in the Oslo District Court in 2001.
 Petter Olsen's version of "The Scream" was sold on 2 May 2012, selling for an auction record price of US$119.9 million, including fees and commission.
 Petter Olsen sold the painting to raise funds to build a museum in Hvitsten, Norway, where Munch once owned property and near where Olsen has an estate, to house the rest of his father's collection.
Ervin Randle (born October 12, 1962) is a former American football linebacker in the NFL.
 He played in the NFL from 1985-1992 for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Kansas City Chiefs.
 He attended Baylor University for college.
 He is the older brother of Hall of Famer John Randle.
Lakshmana (Sanskrit: लक्ष्मण, IAST: lakṣmaṇa, lit.
 "he who have the signs of fortune") also spelled as Laxman or Lakhan, is the younger brother of Rama and his aide in the Hindu epic, the Ramayana.
 He is also known by other names- Saumitra (Sanskrit: सौमित्र, IAST: saumitra, lit.
 "son of Sumitra"), Ramanuja (Sanskrit: रामानुज, IAST: rāmānuja, lit.
 "younger brother of Rama") and Bharatanuja (Sanskrit: भरतानुज, IAST: bharatānuja, lit.
 "younger brother of Bharata").
The Rogers Baronetcy, of Wisdome in the County of Devon, was a title in the Baronetage of England.
 It was created in 1699 for John Rogers, a merchant and Member of Parliament for Plymouth.
 His son, the second Baronet, and grandson, the third Baronet, also represented Plymouth in Parliament.
 The latter was childless and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fourth Baron.
 He was a Captain in the Royal Navy.
 His son, the fifth Baronet, sat as Member of Parliament for Plymouth.
 He was succeeded by his eldest son, the sixth Baronet.
 He sat as Member of Parliament for Callington and was also a composer.
 He was unmarried and was succeeded by his younger brother, the seventh Baronet.
 The latter was succeeded by his eldest son, the eighth Baronet.
 He was a prominent civil servant and notably served as Permanent Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies from 1860 to 1871.
 In 1871 he was elevated to the Peerage of the United Kingdom as Baron Blachford, of Wisdome and of Blachford in the County of Devon (Blachford House, Cornwood, near Ivybridge).
 He died childless in 1889 when the barony became extinct.
 He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his younger brother, the ninth Baronet.
 The latter was in his turn succeeded by another brother, the tenth Baronet, on whose death in 1895 the baronetcy became extinct as well.
The Antrobus Baronetcy, of Antrobus in the County Palatine of Chester, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created on 22 May 1815 for Edmund Antrobus, of Antrobus Hall, Antrobus, Cheshire, a Fellow of the Royal Society, with remainder to his nephews Edmund Antrobus and Gibbs Antrobus.
 He died unmarried in 1826 and was succeeded according to the special remainder by his nephew Edmund, the second Baronet.
 He and his brother Gibbs were the sons of John Antrobus, brother of the first Baronet.
 The second Baronet was succeeded by his eldest son, the third Baronet.
 He sat as Member of Parliament for Surrey East and Wilton.
 His eldest son, the fourth Baronet, was a Colonel in the Coldstream Guards.
 He died without surviving male issue and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fifth Baronet.
 Most of the Amesbury Abbey estate in Wiltshire was sold the same year.
 The fifth Baronet died unmarried and was succeeded by his first cousin, the sixth Baronet.
 He was the son of Robert Crawfurd Antrobus, younger son of the second Baronet.
 He was childless and on his death in 1968 the line of the second Baronet failed.
 He was succeeded by his second cousin once removed, the seventh Baronet.
 He was the eldest son of Edward Geoffrey Antrobus, second son of John Coutts Antrobus, son of the aforementioned Gibbs Antrobus, younger brother of the second Baronet.
 As of 2008 the title is held by the seventh Baronet's eldest son, the eighth Baronet, who succeeded in 1995.
 He lives in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Lord Blayney, Baron of Monaghan, in the County of Monaghan, was a title in the Peerage of Ireland.
 It was created in 1621 for the soldier Sir Edward Blayney.
 He was succeeded by his son, the second Baron.
 He was killed at the Battle of Benburb in 1646.
 His younger son, the fourth Baron (who succeeded his elder brother), represented County Monaghan in the Irish House of Commons.
 His elder son, the fifth Baron, was attainted by the Parliament of James II for supporting William of Orange.
 He had no sons and was succeeded by his younger brother, the sixth Baron.
 He was Governor of County Monaghan.
 His son, the seventh Baron, was Lord Lieutenant of County Monaghan.
 He was succeeded by his elder son, the eighth Baron.
 He was a clergyman and served as Dean of Killaloe.
 He had no surviving children and was succeeded by his younger brother, the ninth Baron.
 He was a Lieutenant-General in the Army.
 His younger son, the eleventh Baron (who succeeded his elder brother), was also a Lieutenant-General in the Army and fought in the Peninsular War.
 Lord Blayney also represented the rotten borough of Old Sarum in Parliament.
 His son, the twelfth Baron, sat as Conservative Member of Parliament for County Monaghan and was later an Irish Representative Peer from 1841 until his death.
 On his death in 1874 the title became extinct.
John Anthony Randle (born December 12, 1967) is a former American football defensive tackle who played for the Minnesota Vikings and the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL).
 On February 6, 2010, he was voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
 Born in Mumford, Texas, Randle was raised poor and worked odd jobs when he was young.
 His brother Ervin Randle played as a linebacker for eight years.
 Randle played high school football in Hearne, Texas.
 He started his college playing career at Trinity Valley Community College, before transferring to Texas A&M University–Kingsville.
