Hawthornden Castle is located on the River North Esk in Midlothian, Scotland.
 The castle lies a mile to the east of Roslin at grid reference [ NT287637] , and is just downstream from Roslin Castle.
 Hawthornden comprises a 15th-century ruin, with a 17th-century L-plan house attached.
 The house has been restored and now serves as a writer's retreat.
 Man-made caves in the rock beneath the castle have been in use for much longer than the castle itself.
Tre-Taliesin is a village in Ceredigion on the A487 road, 9 miles north of Aberystwyth, Wales, and 9 miles south of Machynlleth.
 It is in the parish of Llangynfelyn.
Barcaldine Castle is a 17th-century tower house castle located at Barcaldine 9 miles north of Oban, Scotland.
 The castle was built by Sir Duncan Campbell, of Glenorchy, between 1601 and 1609.
 The castle fell into disrepair in the later 19th century, when Barcaldine House became the principal residence of the family.
 It was restored between 1897-1911 and now operates as the Barcaldine Castle bed & breakfast hotel.
Gannock Castle is located in the village of Tempsford, in the county of Bedfordshire, England.
 It is located 6 miles east of Great Barford Castle and 9 miles east of Bedford Castle.
Skenfrith Castle (Welsh: "Castell Ynysgynwraidd" ) is a medieval castle located in Monmouthshire, Wales.
 The castle is in the centre of the village of Skenfrith, located on the banks of the River Monnow, five and a half miles north-west of the town of Monmouth.
 The first defences were built shortly after the Norman Conquest of 1066, although the remains of the castle that stand today date from the early thirteenth century.
 The castle is a Grade II* listed building as at 19 November 1953.
Raglan Castle (Welsh: "Castell Rhaglan" ) is a late medieval castle located just north of the village of Raglan in the county of Monmouthshire in south east Wales.
 The modern castle dates from between the 15th and early 17th-centuries, when the successive ruling families of the Herberts and the Somersets created a luxurious, fortified castle, complete with a large hexagonal keep, known as the Great Tower or the Yellow Tower of Gwent.
 Surrounded by parkland, water gardens and terraces, the castle was considered by contemporaries to be the equal of any other in England or Wales.
 During the English Civil War the castle was held on behalf of Charles I and was taken by Parliamentary forces in 1646.
 In the aftermath, the castle was slighted, or deliberately put beyond military use; after the restoration of Charles II, the Somersets declined to restore the castle.
 Raglan Castle became first a source of local building materials, then a romantic ruin, and is now a modern tourist attraction.
Roslin Castle (sometimes spelt Rosslyn) is a partially ruined castle near the village of Roslin in Midlothian, Scotland.
 It is located around 9 miles south of Edinburgh, on the north bank of the North Esk, only a few hundred metres from the famous Rosslyn Chapel.
The Nashville Terminal Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. State of Tennessee.
 The Subdivision is broken up into 5 sections all in Nashville, Tennessee.
 The northern part of the Terminal is in Madison, Tennessee at milepost 000/0BA 174 on the southern end of the Ex-L&N Mainline Subdivision at Monfort.
 Disptach for the Mainline Sub is known as "LD" which is part of the Cincinnati Division.
 From here in Madison begins the double track that stays for another 22 miles south to Brentwood, Tennessee.
 At milepost 000/0BA/00H 176.6, the famous Johnny Cash "Amqui" location where the Ex-L&N Evansville, Indiana line, the Henderson Subdivision meets with the Terminal.
 Dispatch for the Henderson Sub is known as "SA" and operates on AAR58.
 There are two crossings near each other, Williams Ave and Nesbitt Lane at Amqui.
 From here the Terminal goes south about 2 miles to the Nashville National Cemetery to the first major location, known as Ekin, 000179, where there is a cross over track from number 1 to number 2 track (left to right track).
 There is also the first EDD (Defect Detector) at 000179.1.
 Few more miles southward, the next major location appears.
 At 000181.0, Maplewood is a major location for the Terminal.
 From here the regular Terminal goes south to swap crews at Kayne Ave, and the right side, Radnor Cutoff, detours the city and gives yard departures and arrivals direct access to and from Radnor yard to cities like Louisville and Chicago.
 The Cutoff runs from Maplewood to Shelby Park double track.
 From Shebly the track converges into one to pass the historic Shelby bridge, then it opens back to double track.
 From there, the cutoff hits the Intermediates at 0BA187.0 known as Chicken Pike.
 The Radnor Cutoff carries the L&N mainline classification of "0BA" but meets the main at the same milepost from the Terminal.
 At Chicken Pike, trains are staged to await arrival to Radnor yard.
 Once they get clearance, speed is decreased to 15, and at 0BA188.1 the EDD (Defect Detector) sounds for departures and arrivals.
 This location is known as North Radnor.
 The right track diverging from the #2 is known as A-1, it is for departure trains to Chattanooga and Atlanta.
 The left track which goes west from the #1 is known as A-2, and serves as a departure track to Memphis, and if the cutoff is out of service, all northbound departures.
 The interesting piece of Maplewood is the crossovers that are there to move trains from the Cutoff to the Main.
 Both lines remain double track for a while.
 The main runs south for 2 more miles until the Intermediate signals at 000183.0.
 Commonly trains will stop before Delmas Ave when Kayne Ave is at capacity and await dispatch permission before moving south.
 From here, the main continues south until the CR Cumberland River Swingbridge, where the main converges into a single track shortly to cross the bridge.
 At this point, trains had been running at track speed of around 40.
 From the drawbridge into town, speed is reduced to around 10.
 After the bridge is passed, the main returns to double track in downtown.
 On the #1 track about a half a mile south, another connecting track is present.
 This is the Wye track that connects the main with the Bruceton side, while rarely used for mainline trains, locals and river jobs use it.
 The location is known as 8th Avenue or 8th Avenue Wye.
 The main then runs down to Kayne Ave, the central hotbed of all Nashville thru traffic.
 The Memphis, Tennessee Ex-L&N Bruceton Subdivision meets with the Terminal.
 The Bruceton Sub begins at Church Street at 00N0.0.
 The line then runs single track until 00N0.7 "11th Avenue" where it turns into double track and also meets the aforementioned, Wye track.
 The Bruceton line then goes southwest a while to the next signals, at "Shops".
 Now speed has been increased.
 The line is still double track until "Sellars", where speed is increased to 40 and jurisdiction transferred to the SD Dispatcher.
 For a short time, 4 main tracks are present and an additional fifth track for switchers and yard movements.
 The tracks from left to right in Kayne Ave are as follows: 100, 99, 98, 12, 3.
 The Kayne Ave yard is also here in this area, which houses some frieght and some switcher engines.
 The tracks to the old shed are covered and removed.
 The Union Station is not an active station, but a historic hotel.
 Crew change usually occurs at the "walkway" which is under the Demombreun St bridge by the Kayne Ave Tower.
 This is also where the Ex-NC&StL Chattanooga Subdivision begins.
 Then tracks run south to Fogg St/South End where things get complicated.
 At milepost 000/0BA/00J187 the 98 track merges into the 12 track, making for 3 tracks now.
 There is a crossover from 99 to 12, also a crossover from 12 to 3.
 About 2/10ths of a mile down the 99 merges into the 12 track reducing the tracks back to the regular double.
 About 4/10ths of a mile down the line from Fogg St, 000187.4, Oak St, is a crossover track from #2 to #1 (the track names are no longer 3 and 12, but are back to regular names).
 When trains use this crossover northbound, such as Memphis bound trains from the A-2 line, they refer to it as "Long Lead".
 And now, the Terminal splits into two parts.
 The right side turns into a single track shortly, and will become the Chattanooga Subdivision, and the left side runs south to Brentwood.
 The right track runs single shortly until double track for a while.
 This begins part of the Chattanooga Sub or J-Line.
 The #2 meets with the A-2 connection track at 00J2.2 known as A-2.
 Speed is now increased to 40.
 Commonly northbounds will stage at 4th Ave on the #1 to await clearance.
 Now about a mile down the #1 meets the A-1 connection line.
 At 00J3.6 known as A-1.
 Further down the double track ends at Glencliff (00J4.9).
 Now it runs single for three miles until it hits Danley, which has the D Line connection track, which is an arrival track for incoming Radnor trains from the J Line.
 At Danley, the Terminal ends but the same dispatcher handles traffic, "SC".
 At Oak Street, our main terminal line goes south two miles to 000189.0 known as Criaghead or Vine Hill.
 There is a crossover here from #1 to #2 track.
 And there is also a connection/delivery track to the Nashville and Eastern Railroad which connects the Tennessee Central Railroad Museum to a major railroad.
 Trains sometimes stop on the #2 before Craighead if they are waiting to enter Radnor yard.
 Sometimes trains wait on the #1 at the Berry Road crossing if they await arrival to Kayne Ave. At this point, speed has been increased to 30 from 10.
 Moving south, the line hits Radnor Yard at 000192.
 The #2 track meets the E-Line arrival track which most Memphis trains and locals use.
 The B-Line which meets the #1 track is used for departures out of the C yard and local jobs.
 At Mayton, 000192.3, the B line meets the #1 track, and there is a crossover track from #2 to #1.
 Speed is now at 40.
 2 miles south, at 000194.0, South Radnor, the next intersection is present.
 This is where the Radnor A yard meets the main.
 There is a single departure/arrival track that meets the #2 track along with a crossover from #1 to #2 track.
 Commonly, the #2 track south of the signals is used to halt trains.
 This location is known as TVA, because of the power station that is adjacent.
 From here the Terminal runs about 2.5 miles south until we hit the southern tip.
 The tracks converge onto one single main, at 000/0BA196.6 known as Brentwood.
 Speed is increased to 50 and jurisdiction to the S.E. dispatcher.
 The right track is the main, S&NA North, while the left track is the Nashville Subdivision which runs to Columbia and exchanges freight with the TSRR.
 The Nashville Terminal Subdivision is one of the busiest locations on the CSX network, and one of the most important.
Cape Emine (Bulgarian: Нос Емине ) is a headland located at the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast.
 It is located 49 miles south of Varna, 34 miles north of Burgas and 9 miles south of Obzor.
 It forms the tip of Stara Planina.
 Cape Emine is said to be Bulgaria's stormiest cape.
The Château de Bourdeilles is a castle located in the commune of Bourdeilles in the Dordogne "département" in southwestern France.
 A castle may have existed at Bourdeilles in the 9th century, but the oldest parts of the current castle date from the early 14th century.
 The castle consists of an octagonal keep, connected to a two story building of which only the outer walls remain.
 Next to the old castle, a Renaissance palace was built at the end of the 16th century.
 Much of the interior decoration has been preserved.
 The castle and the palace are surrounded by a wall.
 The entrance gate is protected by two round towers.
 Since 1919, the château has been listed as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture.
