The Sterns are a band from Boston, Massachusetts.
 Their songwriting and performances are often compared with bands such as The Smiths, Squeeze, The English Beat, and XTC.
 The band members were previously members of the popular American Ska bands, Mass.
 Hysteria and Westbound Train.
 The song "Supreme Girl" is a playable song on the 2008 video game Rock Band 2.
Neschastny Sluchai (Russian: Несчастный случай ) is a Russian comedy rock band that was formed in 1983 by students of Moscow State University Valdis Pelsh and Alexei Kortnev.
 The name translates into English as "(unfortunate) accident", although the band is often called simply "The Accident".
 Despite being popular in Russia, the band is virtually unknown outside.
 The band leader, Alexei Kortnev, has repeatedly cited as major influences such bands as Queen, King Crimson, and Genesis.
 The band's lyrics are at the same time grotesque and sentimental while their music features complicated structures and melodic turns rooted in the prog rock of the '70s.
 They are still active in Russia and have released thirteen albums (by 2010).
Lost 80's Live is a collection of musical artists from the time period of the 1980s that perform a live concert.
 The concert tour usually consists of 7 to 9 bands that span the music genres of new wave, synthpop, rock, pop and electronic music.
 Bands and artists that have performed in the Lost 80's Live concert tour include ABC, Thompson Twins' Tom Bailey, A Flock of Seagulls, Men Without Hats, Dramarama, Devo, General Public, Trans-X, Anything Box, Gary Myrick, Real Life, Animotion, Nu Shooz, Modern English, The Flirts, The Escape Club, Gene Loves Jezebel, Wang Chung, Cutting Crew, Berlin, The English Beat, Naked Eyes, Missing Persons, When in Rome UK, Bow Wow Wow, The Motels, and Bourgeois Tagg.
"If I Fell" is a song by English rock band the Beatles which first appeared in 1964 on the album "A Hard Day's Night" in the United Kingdom and on the North American album "Something New".
 It was credited to Lennon–McCartney, but John Lennon often stated that he wrote it.
 "That's my first attempt at a ballad proper...It shows that I wrote sentimental love ballads way back when", Lennon stated in his 1980 "Playboy" interview.
 However, Paul McCartney stated that he contributed to the song: “We wrote ‘If I Fell’ together.”
The Players Band is an American 9-piece ska band formed in Baltimore in 1999.
 The Players' musical style combines Jamaican ska, rock, and reggae, and is characterized by the use of upbeat horns and percussion.
 The band has played over 470 live shows in various states, including; Maryland, Pennsylvania, Washington, DC, New York, Delaware, New Jersey, Long Island, Vermont, and Virginia.
 The Players have performed with acts such as Grammy Award Winner The Isley Brothers, Grammy Award Winner Toots & the Maytals, The B-52's, The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, Joe Strummer, Matisyahu, The English Beat, Third Eye Blind, Citizen Cope, Fishbone, The Toasters, The Skatalites, Reel Big Fish, The Pietasters, The Aggrolites, The Slackers, Rebirth Brass Band, Big D and the Kids Table, The Know How, King Django, The Scofflaws, Westbound Train, Eastern Standard Time, Junkyard Band and many others.
 Notable ska musicians who have performed on stage with The Players Band as guests include; Jeff Richey (The Toasters), Buford O’Sullivan, Vinny Noble (Pilfers & Bim Skala Bim), Dr. Ring-Ding, Morgan Russell (Eastern Standard Time) and H.R. (Bad Brains).
Hollowick is a Canadian rock band from Oshawa, formerly called Rides Again.
 It is composed of lead singer and guitarist Nathan Peyton, bassist and brother background vocalist Chad Peyton, lead guitarist Luke LeDoux, and drummer Frank Goerz.
 Their first full-length album, "Into Existence", was released as Rides Again on 2 October 2007.
 The first single, "Wonder Why", was produced by Gavin Brown (known for producing other Canadian bands including Billy Talent and Three Days Grace).
 Videos and singles followed for Infected and It's Too Late, which received play on MuchMoreMusic.
 "Infected" became a top 10 modern rock hit in Canada.
 The band has toured with Theory of a Deadman, Social Code, The Trews and Hedley, Yellowcard among others.
 A few years before "Into the Existence", Rides Again was known for their hit song "Geeze Louise", a pop rock song popular among young teens.
 The band was incorporated with Vodoo Records at this time, playing across southern Ontario.
 At this time the original drummer and cousin of Nathan and Chad, Bradley Christiansen, was in the band, but had left later on to pursue other career options.
 2007 seemed to be the year for the striving Canadian band having their music videos published on Much Music, and Much More Music as well as radio stations across Canada.
 In mid-2009, Mike McElroy resigned as Rides Again drummer to pursue other importances.
 After Mike left they asked drummer and musician Kelly Voelkel to join the band, Kelly performed all of the drums and percussion on Hollowick's upcoming album.
 In July 2009 Kelly left to pursue more professional endeavours.
 Friend Anthony Moreino and former Rides Again merchandise guy filled in on drums for a short time for Hollowick, until new drummer Frank Goerz was found.
 With Goerz now behind the drum kit, there's a new level of explosive energy never felt before for Hollowick.
Herman's Hermits are an English beat rock band, formed in Manchester in 1964.
Michael "Mick" Quinn (born 17 December 1969 in Cambridge) is an English musician and singer-songwriter, best known as founding member of English rock band Supergrass.
 He formed the DB Band with bassist Paul Wilson, formerly of Shake Appeal in 2010 and released début EP "Stranger in the Alps" on 17 September 2011.
 He also is a member of 60's garage/beat band the "Beat Seeking Missiles".
The Beat (known in North America as The English Beat and in Australia as The British Beat) are a band founded in Birmingham, England, in 1978.
 Their music fuses ska, pop, soul, reggae and punk rock.
The Rezillos are a punk/new wave band formed in Edinburgh, Scotland, in 1976.
 Although emerging at the same time as other bands in the punk rock movement, the Rezillos did not share the nihilism or social commentary of their contemporaries, but instead took a more light-hearted approach to their songs, preferring to describe themselves at the time as "a New Wave beat group".
 Their songs are heavily influenced by 1950s rock and roll, 1960s English beat music and garage rock, early 1970s glam rock, and recurring lyrical themes of science fiction and B movies, influences that mirrored those of US bands the Cramps, the B-52s, and X who were starting out at the same time.
 The Rezillos' biggest hit in their home country was the UK Top 20 single "Top of the Pops" in 1978, but they are best known outside the UK for their cover version of "Somebody's Gonna Get Their Head Kicked In Tonight", which featured on the soundtrack to "" in 2002.
 Since the Rezillos recorded it, the song has been covered by other punk bands, including Youth Brigade and Murphy's Law.
