The Family Corleone is a 2012 novel by Ed Falco, based on an unproduced screenplay by Mario Puzo, who died in 1999.
 It is the prequel to Puzo's "The Godfather".
 It was published by Grand Central Publishing and released May 8, 2012.
The Cove is a 2012 novel by American author Ron Rash.
 It is Rash's fifth novel, his most acclaimed novel being the "New York Times" bestseller, "Serena".
 "The Cove" was listed as #16 on the New York Times Bestseller list for Hardcover Fiction in the April 29, 2012 issue of "The New York Times Book Review" and remained on the list as #29, #22, and #31 for the three subsequent weeks.
Children of Crisis is a social study of children in the United States written by child psychiatrist Robert Coles and published in five volumes by Little, Brown and Company between 1967 and 1977.
 In 2003, the publisher released a one-volume compilation of selections from the series with a new introduction by the author.
 Volumes 2 and 3 shared (with Frances FitzGerald's "") the 1973 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.
Skagboys is a 2012 novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh.
 It is a prequel to his 1993 novel "Trainspotting", and its 2002 sequel "Porno".
 It follows the earlier lives of characters Renton and Sick Boy as they first descend into heroin addiction.
Jim is a comic book series by Jim Woodring.
 It began in 1980 as a self-published zine and was picked up by Fantagraphics Books in 1986 after cartoonist Gil Kane introduced Woodring to Fantagraphics co-owner Gary Groth.
 The publisher released four magazine-sized black-and-white issues starting in September 1987.
 A comic book-sized continuation, "Jim Volume II", with some color, began in 1993 and ran for six issues until 1996.
Stonemouth is a 2012 novel by Scottish author Iain Banks.
 The novel was published on 5 April 2012 by Little, Brown and Company and follows a man returning to a small seaport town after leaving due to a sexual scandal. "
The Irish Times" picked the book as one of their "Books to Read in 2012".
Young's Literal Translation (YLT) is a translation of the Bible into English, published in 1862.
 The translation was made by Robert Young, compiler of "Young's Analytical Concordance to the Bible" and "Concise Critical Comments on the New Testament".
 Young used the Textus Receptus (TR) and the Majority Text (MT) as the basis for his translation.
 He wrote in the preface to the first edition, "It has been no part of the Translator's plan to attempt to form a New Hebrew or Greek Text--he has therefore somewhat rigidly adhered to the received ones."
 Young produced a “Revised Version” of his translation in 1887, but he stuck with the Received Text.
 He wrote in the preface to the Revised Edition, "The Greek Text followed is that generally recognized as the 'Received Text,' not because it is thought perfect, but because the department of Translation is quite distinct from that of Textual Criticism, and few are qualified for both.
 If the original text be altered by a translator, (except he give his reasons for and against each emendation,) the reader is left in uncertainty whether the translation given is to be considered as that of the old or of the new reading."
 After Robert Young died on October 14, 1888, the publisher released a new Revised Edition in 1898.
 The 1898 version though was based on the TR, easily confirmed by the word "bathe" in Rev. 1:5 and the word "again" in Rev 20:5.
 The "Publishers' Note to the Third Edition" explains, "The work has been subjected to a fresh revision, making no alteration on the principles on which the Translation proceeds, but endeavouring to make it as nearly perfect in point of accuracy on its present lines as possible."
The Casual Vacancy is a 2012 novel written by J. K. Rowling.
 The book was published worldwide by the Little, Brown Book Group on 27 September 2012.
 A paperback edition was released on 23 July 2013.
 It was Rowling's first publication since the "Harry Potter" series, her first apart from that series, and her first novel for adult readership.
Boneland is a 2012 novel by Alan Garner, a sequel to "The Weirdstone of Brisingamen" and "The Moon of Gomrath".
 The boy Colin from the earlier novels is now an adult, still living near the top of Alderley Edge but now a Professor working at the nearby Jodrell Bank Observatory.
 His solitary home is a kit-built hut ("A Bergli") in a quarry.
 He has a form of amnesia which means he remembers nothing from before the age of 13, including his twin sister and his childhood adventures.
 He visits a psychotherapist and the gradual uncovering of his past forms the main story.
American Dervish is a 2012 novel by Ayad Akhtar.
 The novel tells the story of a young Pakistani-American boy growing up in the American Midwest and his struggle with his identity and religion.
 The novel has been published in English, Italian ("La donna che mi insegnò il respiro"), Norwegian ("Begynnelsen på et farvel"), Dutch ("De hemelverdiener"), Danish ("Tavshedens smerte") and Spanish ("El aroma secreto del limón y las especias").
 The book will be released in 17 more languages by the end of 2012.
