The Nawabs of Bengal (full title, the Nawab Nizam of Bengal and Orissa) were the rulers of the then provinces of Bengal and Orissa.
 Between 1717 and 1765, they served as the rulers of the subah (or province) of Bengal.
 However, they were only nominally subordinate to the Mughal Empire.
 Siraj ud-Daulah, the last independent Nawab of Bengal was betrayed in the Battle of Plassey by Mir Jafar.
 He lost to the British, who took over the charge of Bengal in 1757, installed Mir Jafar on the "Masnad" (throne) and established itself to a political power in Bengal.
Diwan Mohanlal (c. 1756 - 1757), was a Diwan of Siraj Ud Daulah, the Nawab of Bengal at Murshidabad.
 The Nawab made the decision of elevating a Hindu Kayastha bureaucrat named Mohanlal as his supreme Diwan .
 The elevation of a Hindu to such a prominent position caused the Muslim nobility, and in particular Mir Jafar, great offense.
 Mir Jafar was then the head of the armed forces, second only to the Nawab, and the elevation of a Hindu to a post above him was taken almost as a personal insult.
Mir Jafar Khan Jamali was a prominent politician, tribal leader and a Muslim League veteran from Balochistan province, Pakistan.
 He was a close friend of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah.
«a href="http%3A//www.storyofpakistan.com/person.asp%3Fperid%3DP085%26amp%3BPg%3D2">Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali</ref> He belongs to the Jamali tribe, a powerful and influential Baloch tribe.
 He actively participated in the struggle of creation of Pakistan from British India rules.
 He was uncle and family leader of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali.
Mir Jafar Baghirov Abbas oglu (Azerbaijani: "Mir Cəfər Bağırov Abbas oğlu" ; 17 September 1896 – 7 May 1956) was the communist leader of the Azerbaijan SSR from 1932 to 1953, under the Soviet leadership of Joseph Stalin.
Mir Jafar Ali Khan Bahadur (c. 1691–5 February 1765) was the first Nawab of Bengal with support from the British East India Company.
 He was the second son of Sayyid Ahmad Najafi.
 His rule is widely considered the start of British imperialism in India and was a key step in the eventual British domination of vast areas of the subcontinent.
 Siraj ud-Daulah, the previous Nawab of Bengal along with his army were defeated and killed in the Battle of Plassey by the British due to the betrayal of the commander of Siraj ud-Daulah′s army, Mir Jafar, who betrayed Siraj ud-Daulah to become the next Nawab.
 Thus after helping the British defeat Siraj ud-Daulah he became the new Nawab of Bengal in 1757 with military support from the British East India Company as a reward for his betrayal.
 However, Jafar failed to satisfy constant British demands for money.
 In 1758, Robert Clive discovered that through his agent Khoja Wajid, Jafar had made a treaty with the Dutch at Chinsurah.
 Dutch ships of war were also seen in the River Hooghly.
 Circumstances led to the Battle of Chinsurah.
 British company official Henry Vansittart proposed that since Jafar was unable to cope with the difficulties, Mir Qasim, Jafar's son-in-law, should act as Deputy Subahdar.
 In October 1760, the company forced him to abdicate in favor of Qasim.
 However, Qasim's independent spirit and plan to force the East India company out of his dominion led to his overthrow, and Jafar was restored as the Nawab in 1763 with the support of the company.
 Mir Qasim however refused to accept this and went to war against the company.
 Jafar ruled until his death on 17 January 1765 and lies buried at the Jafarganj Cemetery in Murshidabad, West Bengal, India.
Namak Haram Deorhi (also known as the "Traitor's Gate", "Jafarganj Deorhi" or "Jufarganj Palace") was the palace of Mir Jafar.
 It is located just opposite to the Jafarganj Cemetery in the "Lalbagh" area of the town of Murshidabad and near Mahimapur in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 Namak Haram Deorhi refers to both the place of Mir Jafar and the main gate which leads to the palace.
 This building was used as the residence of Mir Jafar, before he ascended the "musnad" of Bengal or when he was the Commander-in-Chief of the "subha".
Mir Jafar bin Mir Hasan Dasni (Kurdish: Mîr Ceferê Dasnî‎ , Arabic: الأمير جعفر بن الأمير حسن الداسني‎ ‎ ), also known as Jafar bin Faharjis, was a Yazidi and was member of the ethno-religious group of the Yazidis leader who in 838 launched an uprising against Abbasid Caliph al-Mutasim in the area north of Mosul.
 After being defeated at Babagesh he resided in castles in Dasin.
 Mutasim in response sent an army under command of Abdullah bin Ans al-Azdi, resulting in an armed confrontation between the Arab army and Kurds.
 Due to the difficulty of the terrain, the Arab army proved unsuccessful, suffered heavy casualties and a number of its commanders including Abdullah's uncle Ishaq bin Ans and his father-in-law were killed.
I'tisam-ud-Din was born in the Nadia district of Bengal in the Mughal Empire.
 He began his career as a munshi to Mir Jafar.
 On the accession of Mir Qasim, he entered the service of Major Martin Yorke and took part in a campaign against the Raja of Birbhum.
 He fought with the East India Company against Mir Qasim in 1763, and was later employed by them in negotiations with the Maratha Empire.
 In 1765 he entered the service of Emperor Shah Alam II and was chosen by him to accompany Captain Archibald Swinton on a diplomatic mission to the court of King George III.
 Whilst at sea, Swinton revealed to I'tisam that neither the letter from Shah Alam nor his tribute of a lakh of rupees was on board.
 As such I'tisam never was never to meet George III and instead accompanied Swinton to Oxford.
 He was the first educated Bengali to visit England and describe the journey.
 He returned to India after a three-year absence and in 1785 published the Shigurf-nama-i-wilayat or 'Wonder Book of England' detailing his travels.
Mir Qasim (also spelt Mir Kasim; full name: Mir Kasim Ali Khan) (died May 8, 1777) was the Nawab of Bengal from 1760 to 1763.
 He was installed as Nawab with the support of the British East India Company, replacing Mir Jafar, his father-in-law, who had himself been supported earlier by the East India Company after his role in the Battle of Plassey.
 However, Mir Jafar was in conflict with the East India company over too many demands and tried to tie up with the Dutch East India Company.
 The British eventually overran the Dutch forces at Chinsura and played a major role in replacing Mir Jafar with Mir Qasim.
 Qasim later fell out with the British and fought them at the Battle of Buxar.
 His defeat has been suggested as the last real chance of preventing a gradual British expansion in large parts of North East India following Britain's victory in the Seven Years War.
Jafarganj Cemetery was built by Mir Jafar over an area of 3.51 acres within an enclosure of waved walls, about half a mile north to the Nizamat Fort Campus and inside the campus of Namak Haram Deorhi.
 It hosts the graves of the later Nawabs of Bengals of the Najafi dynasty, starting from Mir Jafar, and their family members while Khushbagh, which was built by Nawab Alivardi Khan, hosts the graves of the Nawabs of Bengal belonging to the Afshar dynasty and their family members.
 At present this graveyard is controlled and maintained by the Archaeological Survey of India.
