Jean Portante was born in Differdange, Luxembourg, and now lives in Paris.
 He has written novels, stories, plays, journalism and poetry, and has been widely translated, including in English Point/Erasing, translated by Anne Marie Glasheen (Daedalus, 2003) and In Reality, translated by Zoë Skoulding (Seren Press, 2013).
 He is a translator of poetry into French from Spanish, Italian, English and German.
 His novels include Mrs Haroy ou la mémoire de la baleine (Editions Phi, 1997) among others, which has been translated into many languages, and he is also the author of the biography Allen Ginsberg: L'autre Amérique (Le Castor Astral, 1999).
 Portante’s collection of poems L’Etrange langue (Editions Le Taillis Pré, 2002) won the Mallarmé award in France in 2003, and the same year he was given the Grand Prix d’Automne de la Société des Gens de Lettres for his entire life’s work in poetry.
 In 2005, Le Castor Astral published a selected poems, La Cendre des mots, covering his work from 1989 to 2005.
 Since 2006 he has been a member of the Académie Mallarmé.
 In 2008 he co-founded the French poetry magazine "Inuits dans la jungle" with the poet Jacques Darras, while in Luxembourg he heads the literary magazine Transkrit.
 In 2011 he was awarded Luxembourg’s Batty Weber National Prize, which is given every three years for a life’s work.
 His latest books are En réalité (Editions Phi 2008); La réinvention de l'oubli (Editions le Castor Astral, 2010), Conceptions (Editions Phi, 2012) and Après le tremblement (Editions Le Castor Astral, 2013)
Don Bousquet (born 1948) is a Rhode Island-based cartoonist.
 He was born in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
 His cartoon "Bousquet" regularly appears in "The Providence Journal", "Rhode Island Monthly", and the "South County Independent" and his work has also appeared in numerous other publications, such as "Yankee Magazine".
 Most of Bosquet's best sellers were published by Covered Bridge Press.
 On March 29, 2014, Bosquet retired from one of his most visible platforms, his Sunday placement in "The Providence Journal", and would be "winding down" his drawing.
Latresne is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
 The 20th-century French jurist and Islamologist Georges-Henri Bousquet (1900–1978) died in Latresne.
Vaughan Hart is a leading architectural historian, and Professor of Architecture in the Department of Architecture and Civil Engineering at the University of Bath.
 Hart studied architecture at Bath and Cambridge Universities (Trinity Hall), where he was taught by Michael Brawne, Patrick Hodgkinson, Peter Smithson and Dalibor Vesely.
 He worked first as an architectural assistant to Colin St John Wilson on the British Library project in London, before studying for a doctorate in Cambridge on Inigo Jones under Joseph Rykwert.
 Hart's concerns lie in particular with the symbolic function of architecture, and with the meaning of architectural forms.
 Hart has published widely in the field of architectural history, specialising in the Italian architectural treatises and in British architectural history of the Renaissance and Baroque periods.
 He is the co-translator (with Peter Hicks) of the treatises of Sebastiano Serlio, and he has also translated the two guidebooks to Rome published by Andrea Palladio and the guidebook to Venice by Francesco Sansovino (2017).
 These works have in turn been translated into Chinese and Japanese.
 Hart's translation of these classic works formed part of a wider project initiated by Rykwert and Robert Tavernor through their translation of the treatise by Leon Battista Alberti.
 In addition, Hart's monographs include influential studies of the work of Inigo Jones, Sir John Vanbrugh and Nicholas Hawksmoor, all published by Yale University Press for the Paul Mellon Centre for Studies in British Art.
 The latter monograph was awarded the Best Book on British Art Prize of the American College Art Association in 2005.
Professor Ghulam Nabi Firaq (15 July 1927 - 17 December 2016) was a Kashmiri poet, writer and an educationist.
 From the last fifty years he had been writing poetry and prose.
 In doing so he used, besides traditional ones, several poetic forms including blank verse, free verse, sonnets, quatrains, metric poems and lyrics.
 He also translated dozens of English poems of outstanding English poets into Kashmiri.
 As a result of all this, he enriched the expression of the language and made it more suitable for communicating his sensibility which in nature is modern.
 Besides, he had been writing essays and articles in Kashmiri language, which was his mother tongue, and which he had made the vehicle of expression from early fifties.
 As a literary critic and historian he had been trying to evaluate the Kashmiri poetry of the last five hundred years and rehabilitate it by bringing to prominence among other things its intrinsic merit and power of expression.
 He also holds the Sahitya Akademi Award for his works in Kashmiri literature.
 He is regarded as one of the very few people of Kashmir who has been trying to preserve the rich Kashmiri culture, heritage and language.
John Bradley Hirst, (9 July 1942 – 3 February 2016) was an Australian historian and commentator.
 He has been described as an "historian, public intellectual, and active citizen".
 Born in Adelaide, Hirst attended Unley High School and undertook his undergraduate and postgraduate study at the University of Adelaide.
 Abandoning an early desire to become a Methodist Minister, in 1968 he was appointed a lecturer at Melbourne's new La Trobe University, where he remained until the end of his career.
 His wife and fellow-student Christine accompanied him to Melbourne.
 They had two children, Catherine and David.
 Hirst was subsequently head of department and Reader in History at La Trobe.
 He retired in 2006, and was an Emeritus Scholar at La Trobe until his death.
 Hirst had a distinguished career "in teaching, supervision and research.
 He developed new subjects and methodologies to teach them.
 In addition to those concerning Australian history there was his pioneering subject designed to inform students about Australia's European cultural heritage."
 This work was published as "The Shortest History of Europe" and has been translated into nine languages (Swedish, Greek, Chinese, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Russian, Turkish and Korean).
 Hirst was seconded to the University of Melbourne to edit "Historical Studies", Australia's leading historical journal, from 1977 to 1980.
 In retirement, he travelled regularly to Sydney to instruct, without remuneration, groups of post-graduate students in thesis writing.
The Blackstone River and Canal Heritage State Park is a part of the state park system of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR).
 This 1000 acre park "recalls the role of canals in transporting raw materials and manufactured goods between emerging industrial centers."
 The Blackstone River and Canal Heritage State Park at Uxbridge, Massachusetts, is the midpoint of the Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor of the National Park System.
 The Blackstone River and Valley is where the industrial revolution was born in America.
 The southern entrance to this state park is the site of the historic Stanley Woolen Mill, currently being redeveloped for commercial and tourism.
 The Native American Nipmuc name for the village here was "Wacentug", translated as "bend in the river".
Georges-Henri Bousquet (21 June 1900, Meudon – 23 January 1978, Latresne) was a 20th-century French jurist, economist and Islamologist.
 He was Professor of law at the Faculty of Law of the University of Algiers where he was a specialist in the sociology of North Africa (Berbers, Islam).
 He is also known for his translation work of the great Muslim authors, Al-Ghazali, a theologian who died in 1111 and Tunisian historian Ibn Khaldun (1332-1406).
 He was known as a polyglot, spoke several European languages (Dutch, his second mother tongue, English, German, Italian, but also Spanish, Danish, Norwegian ...) and Eastern ones (Arab, Malay ...).
Sally Gibson is an author, archivist and heritage consultant who resides in Toronto and has written three books about the city and its heritage.
 She has a Master of Urban Studies from Yale University, and a Master of Library Science and a Ph.D. in Urban Geography from the University of Toronto.
 Gibson grew up in New Jersey, went to Vassar College, and moved to Toronto in 1969.
 Her first book, "More than an Island: A History of the Toronto Island" was described by urban thinker Jane Jacobs as "city history at its very best".
 Her second book, "Inside Toronto: Urban Interiors 1880s to 1920s", was a finalist for the City of Toronto Book Award and won a Heritage Toronto Book Award of Excellence in 2007.
 Her third book, "Toronto’s Distillery District: History by the Lake", evolved from her work as the Distillery District's site historian and won a Heritage Toronto Book Award of Merit in 2009.
Armando Mook, also Armando Moock Bousquet (1894 in Santiago to 1942 in Buenos Aires) was a Chilean writer and playwright.
 He wrote the play "Arm in Arm Down the Street", which was adapted into films in 1956 and 1966.
 Other works include "Los demonios" (1917) and "La Serpiente" (1919).
 "La Serpiente" (also "La Serpierde"; "The Serpent") is considered his best work.
 He was a contemporary of Germán Luco Cruchaga.
