Claude Nicollier (born 2 September 1944 in Vevey, Switzerland) is the first astronaut from Switzerland.
 He has flown on four Space Shuttle missions.
 His first spaceflight (STS-46) was in 1992, and his final spaceflight (STS-103) was in 1999.
 He took part in two servicing missions to the Hubble Space Telescope (called STS-61 and STS-103).
 During his final spaceflight he participated in a spacewalk, becoming the first European Space Agency astronaut to do so during a Space Shuttle mission (previous ESA astronauts conducted spacewalks aboard "Mir", see List of spacewalks and moonwalks 1965–1999).
 In 2000 he was assigned to the Astronaut Office Extravehicular Activity Branch, while maintaining a position as Lead ESA Astronaut in Houston.
 Nicollier retired from ESA in April 2007.
Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
Jean-François André Clervoy (born 19 November 1958) is a French engineer and a CNES and ESA astronaut.
 He is a veteran of three NASA Space Shuttle missions.
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
Ronnie Walter Cunningham (born March 16, 1932), (Col, USMCR, Ret.)
, better known as Walter Cunningham, is a retired American astronaut.
 In 1968, he was a Lunar Module Pilot on the Apollo 7 mission.
 He was NASA's third civilian astronaut (after Neil Armstrong and Elliot See), and has also been a fighter pilot, physicist, entrepreneur, venture capitalist, author of "The All-American Boys", lecturer, and host of the radio show "Lift-off to Logic".
 Walter Cunningham attended UCLA.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
Prof. Dr. Ulrich Hans Walter (born February 9, 1954) is a German physicist/engineer and a former DFVLR astronaut.
Kim Johnston Ulrich (born March 24, 1955) is an American actress.
 From 1983 to 1986, Ulrich played the role of Diana McColl on "As the World Turns".
 In 1988, she guest-starred in two episodes of "Werewolf".
 In 1990, Ulrich appeared on the TV series "Wings" as Carol, Brian's ex-wife.
 In 1993, Ulrich appeared in the pilot episode of "" as Dr. Antoinette Baines, a villainous scientist.
 She appeared in a third season episode of "Highlander: The Series" in 1995.
 She appeared in the first episode of season 4 of "" as a conniving wife in "Murder by Friendly Fire" in 1996.
Andrew Benjamin (born 1952, Australia) is an Australian philosopher.
 Currently he holds two academic posts: Distinguished Professor of Philosophy and the Humanities at Kingston University, London and Professor of Philosophy and Jewish Thought in the Department of Philosophy and the Australian Centre for Jewish Civilization at Monash University, Melbourne, Australia.
 Benjamin first came to critical attention with his writings in continental philosophy, writing articles and editing books on the thinking of Martin Heidegger, Theodor Adorno, Walter Benjamin, Julia Kristeva and Jean-François Lyotard.
 Benjamin has become involved in the field of architecture, to the extent that he has also taught in various schools of architecture in UK, US and Australia.
