Reggie Redbird is the mascot for Illinois State University located in Normal, Illinois.
 Reggie is present at all home football games, women's' volleyball matches, men's basketball games, women's' basketball games, and appears at various other athletic events.
 Reggie also does numerous of appearances at schools and events within the Twin Cities,the state of Illinois, and the country.
Bevo is the mascot of the athletic programs at the University of Texas at Austin.
 Bevo is a Texas longhorn steer with burnt orange coloring.
 The shape of the Longhorn's head and horns gives rise to the school's hand symbol and saying: "Hook 'em Horns".
 The most recent Bevo, Bevo XV, was introduced to Texas football fans on September 4, 2016.
 His predecessor, Bevo XIV, died of cancer on October 16, 2015.
 Bevo XV is owned by Betty and John Baker's Sunrise Ranch in Liberty Hill, Texas; Sunrise Ranch also owned Bevo XV's predecessors Bevo XIII and Bevo XIV.
Aggie, sometimes referred to as the Aggie Dawg or Aggie Dog, is the official mascot of North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University, a historically black college in Greensboro, North Carolina.
 Aggie can be seen representing the North Carolina A&T athletic teams on the sideline of football games at Aggie Stadium and at Corbett Sports Center during basketball games.
 Although the physical representation of the athletic teams is a bulldog, the term "Aggie" has a historical connection to the university's agricultural roots as a land grant university.
College Basketball on NBC is the branding used for broadcasts of NCAA Division I men's college basketball games formerly produced by NBC Sports, the sports division of the NBC television network in the United States.
 The network broadcast college basketball games in some shape or form between 1969 and 1998.
 From 1969 to 1981, NBC covered the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
 It became the first major network to broadcast the championship game, at a cost of more than US$500,000 in 1969.
Chief Illiniwek was the official mascot of the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign associated with the University's intercollegiate athletic programs from 1926 to February 21, 2007.
 The mascot was portrayed by a student dressed in Sioux regalia to represent the Illiniwek, the state's namesake.
 The student portraying Chief Illiniwek performed during halftime of Illinois football and basketball games, as well as during women's volleyball matches.
The Texas Longhorns are the athletic teams that represent The University of Texas at Austin.
 The teams are sometimes referred to as the 'Horns and take their name from the Longhorn cattle that were an important part of the development of Texas, and are now the official "large animal" of the U.S. state of Texas.
 The women's teams are sometimes called the Lady Longhorns, but generally both the men's and women's teams are referred to as the Longhorns, and the mascot is a Texas Longhorn steer named Bevo.
KSKU (94.7 FM, "Hit Radio 94.7") is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio format.
 Licensed to Sterling, Kansas, United States, the station serves the Hutchinson, Kansas area.
 The station is currently owned by Ad Astra Per Aspera Broadcasting, Inc.
 The KSKU call letters have been moved to 5 different frequencies across the FM band in central Kansas since 1985.
 KSKU has previously broadcast on these frequencies in this order 102.1, 106.1(sister station KXKU now broadcasts on 106.1), and 97.1.
 As well as music, the station broadcasts several high school football and basketball games from area schools.
 KSKU is a member of the Jayhawk Radio Network and regularly broadcasts the Kansas Jayhawks football and men's basketball games.
ESPN College Basketball on ABC (originally College Basketball on ABC) is the branding formerly used for broadcasts of NCAA Division I college basketball games produced by ESPN, and televised on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC).
 ABC broadcast select college basketball games during the 1960s and 1970s, before it began televising them on a regular basis on January 18, 1987 (involving a game between the LSU Tigers and Kentucky Wildcats).
 As CBS and NBC were also broadcasting college games at the time, this put the sport on all three major broadcast television networks.
 ABC's final regular college basketball broadcast aired on March 7, 2009 (between the Oklahoma State Cowboys and Oklahoma Sooners).
KFST (860 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary format.
 Licensed to Fort Stockton, Texas, United States, the station serves the Fort Stockton-Alpine area.
 The station is currently owned by Fort Stockton Radio Co and features programing from ABC Radio .
 KFST airs sports from the Fort Stockton High School Panthers, Texas Longhorns football and basketball broadcasts, and Dallas Cowboys games.
WGOH (1370 AM and 100.9 FM and 99.7 WUGO-FM) is a radio station licensed to Grayson, Kentucky.
 WGOH-AM & FM broadcasts a full service mix of classic country and bluegrass music while WUGO-FM broadcasts an Adult Contemporary format.
 The station serves the Northeast Kentucky area and is currently owned by Carter County Broadcasting Co., Inc.
 All of the stations feature programming from CBS Radio and the Kentucky News Network as well as broadcast football and basketball games from both East Carter and West Carter High Schools.
 WUGO also broadcast University of Kentucky football and men's basketball games as well as MLB's Cincinnati Reds games.
 The station has won four National Crystal Radio Awards for community service.
 Staff includes Jim Phiilips (News Director), his son Mike Phillips (Program Director), Jeff Roe (Station Manager),) & Mike Nelson (Sales).
