The Allman Brothers Band is the debut studio album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band.
 It was released in the United States by Atco Records and Capricorn Records on November 4, 1969 and produced by Adrian Barber.
 Formed in 1969, the Allman Brothers Band came together following various musical pursuits by each individual member.
 Following his session work in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, Duane Allman moved to Jacksonville, Florida where he led large jam sessions with his new band, one he had envisioned as having two guitarists and two drummers.
 After rounding out the lineup with the addition of his brother, Gregg Allman, the band played free shows in public parks and moved to Macon, Georgia, where they were to be one of the premiere acts on Capricorn.
Deep Purple are an English rock band formed in Hertford in 1968.
 The band is considered to be among the pioneers of heavy metal and modern hard rock, although their musical approach changed over the years.
 Originally formed as a progressive rock band, the band shifted to a heavier sound in 1970.
 Deep Purple, together with Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath, have been referred to as the "unholy trinity of British hard rock and heavy metal in the early to mid-seventies".
 They were listed in the 1975 "Guinness Book of World Records" as "the globe's loudest band" for a 1972 concert at London's Rainbow Theatre, and have sold over 100 million albums worldwide.
Irvine Meadows Amphitheatre Final Shows is a promotional concert tour by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani.
 The series marked the final two live performances to be hosted inside the Irvine Meadows Amphitheatre in Irvine, California.
 American rock band Young the Giant opened for the shows, followed by Stefani.
Taking Back Sunday is an American rock band from Long Island, New York, formed in 1999 and featuring the current line-up of Adam Lazzara (lead vocals), John Nolan (lead guitar, keyboards, vocals), Eddie Reyes (rhythm guitar), Shaun Cooper (bass guitar), and Mark O'Connell (drums, percussion), accompanied on tour by Nathan Cogan (guitars, keyboards).
 The group was originally formed by Antonio Longo, John Nolan, Eddie Reyes, Jesse Lacey, and Steven DeJoseph.
 The band has gone through multiple line-up changes in their career spanning seven studio albums.
 There have been eleven official members of Taking Back Sunday, four touring members, and twenty-three session members.
Panic!
 at the Disco is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in 2004 and featuring the current lineup of lead vocalist Brendon Urie, accompanied on tour by bassist Dallon Weekes, lead guitarist Kenneth Harris, and drummer Dan Pawlovich.
 The group was originally formed by former members Spencer Smith and Ryan Ross.
 The band has gone through multiple line-up changes in their career spanning five albums.
 There have been six official members of Panic!
 at the Disco, six touring members and twenty-six session members.
The Offspring is an American rock band from Garden Grove, California, formed in 1984.
 Originally formed under the name Manic Subsidal, the band has consisted of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Dexter Holland, bassist Greg K., lead guitarist Kevin "Noodles" Wasserman and drummer Pete Parada since 2007.
 While Holland, Greg K., and Noodles have been constant members since the band was formed, the Offspring has gone through a number of drummers.
 Their longest-serving drummer was Ron Welty, who had been a member of The Offspring for 16 years; he was replaced by Atom Willard in 2003, and then four years later by Parada.
 The band is often credited—alongside fellow California punk bands Green Day, Bad Religion, NOFX, Pennywise and Rancid—for reviving mainstream interest in punk rock in the 1990s.
 They have sold over 40 million records worldwide, being considered one of the best-selling punk rock bands of all time.
Burn Season is an American hard rock band from Jacksonville, Florida, formed in 2001.
 An early version of the group recorded some demos at Jacksonville Beach studio Music Factory with just Damien Starkey on lead vocal and guitar and Bobby Amaru on drums (with studio owner Michael Ray FitzGerald filling in on bass).
 The group then moved to Jacksonville's Hole of the Pigeon, where they recorded an impressive set of demos that snagged them immediate major-label interest.
 The first record executive who showed interest in Burn Season was Flawless Records' Fred Durst, lead vocalist of Limp Bizkit.
 This led to a strong "buzz" in the industry.
 The members decided to sign with Elektra Records in what was reputedly an obscenely large deal.
Story of the Year is an American rock band formed in St. Louis, Missouri, Missouri, in 2000.
 The band was originally formed under the name Big Blue Monkey.
 They changed their name to Story of the Year in 2002 after the release of their EP titled "Story of the Year" on the indie label Criterion Records, after they realized a blues group of the name Big Blue Monkey had already existed.
Midget Tossing is the debut album by American rock band Yellowcard, released in 1997 by Takeover Records.
 It was recorded in Jacksonville Beach, Florida, at the Music Factory by Michael Ray FitzGerald.
 Ryan Key and Sean Mackin were not yet members of the group but made guest appearances, on background vocals and violin respectively (Key at that time was front man for Jacksonville punk band Modern Amusement).
 The songs "Sue" and "Uphill Both Ways" were re-recorded and put onto Yellowcard's following album, "Where We Stand".
 "The Longest Time" was originally written by Billy Joel.
 After signing a distribution deal with Caroline Distribution, the album was reissued in June 2005.
Lynyrd Skynyrd (pronounced ) is an American rock band best known for popularizing the Southern rock genre during the 1970s.
 Originally formed in 1964 as "My Backyard" in Jacksonville, Florida, the band was also known by names such as "The Noble Five" and "One Percent", before finally deciding on "Lynyrd Skynyrd" in 1969.
 The band gained worldwide recognition for its live performances and signature songs "Sweet Home Alabama" and "Free Bird".
 At the peak of their success, two band members and a backup singer died in an airplane crash in 1977, putting an abrupt end to the band's most popular incarnation.
 The band has sold 28 million records in the United States.
