"What Time Is It?"
 is the opening musical number and first single from the Disney Channel Original Movie "High School Musical 2".
 It is featured on the "High School Musical 2" soundtrack, and is the first song off the "High School Musical 2" soundtrack.
So You Think You Can Dance, an American dance competition show, returned for its fourteenth season on Monday, June 12, 2017.
 The new season's judge panel once again features series creator Nigel Lythgoe (who also serves as executive producer), as well as the return of ballroom expert Mary Murphy, along with new permanent member Vanessa Hudgens, while Cat Deeley continues in her role as host for a thirteenth consecutive season.
The first book in the High School Musical series, was "High School Musical: the Junior Novel", the novelization of the successful first film was released early June 2006, by Disney Press.
 This novel hit number one on the "New York Times" best-selling list best-selling list and remained on the list for sixteen weeks.
 As of August 2007, the novel has sold more than 4.5 million copies with 1 million copies of the novel's follow-up, "High School Musical 2: The Junior Novel", being shipped to American retailers.
 Shortly after the success of the original novel, Disney announced that a book series, entitled "Stories From East High", would be published in February 2007 with a new book being published every 60 days until July 2008.
 However, books from the series have been scheduled for publication after the originally announced date.
 A complete list of books is provided below:
Club High School Musical: Make It Happen was a reality series on Disney Channel UK which started on 6 November 2009 and ended 13 of the same month.
 The production company, The Foundation, has produced four 15-minute weekly shows, which follow the stories of four devoted "High School Musical" fans; Paris, Reece, Max and Jo.
 Their challenge is to create one of the biggest "High School Musical" dance events ever – in just four days.
 The shows are presented by Kevin Adams.
 The final dance includes child stars including Lucy Mchugh, Joe Ashman, Nicole Goyder-Smith, Jessica Smith and Courtney Gammon.
High School Musical on Stage!
 is a musical based on the Disney Channel Original Movie "High School Musical", with music and lyrics by Matthew Gerrard, Robbie Nevil, Ray and Greg Cham, Drew Seeley, Randy Petersen, Kevin Quinn, Andy Dodd, Adam Watts, Bryan Louiselle, David N. Lawrence, Faye Greenberg and Jamie Houston, and a book by David Simpatico.
 It has quickly become a very popular choice for high school musical theatre productions.
High School Musical 2: Work This Out!
 is a musical adventure game that allows the player to play as Sharpay, Troy, Gabriella, Ryan, Chad and Taylor in storylines that extend beyond the "High School Musical 2" movie sequel.
 The game features all 10 songs from "High School Musical 2".
David N. Lawrence (born 1960) is an American musical composer known primarily for his work on television and movie scores.
 In 2002, he won an ASCAP award for his work on "American Pie 2".
 He also composed music for the Disney Channel Original Movies "High School Musical", "The Cheetah Girls 2", "High School Musical 2", "High School Musical 3", "Jericho (TV Series by CBS 2006)" and "".
 He also composed additional music for three Sesame Street videos like "Elmo Says BOO!
," "Big Bird Gets Lost," and "Let's Eat!
 Funny Food Songs," where he was credited as David Lawrence.
High School Musical is a 2006 American teen/romantic comedy musical television film and the first installment in the "High School Musical" trilogy directed by Kenny Ortega.
 The movie was filmed in 2005 in Salt Lake City.
 Upon its release on January 20, 2006, it became the most successful film that Disney Channel Original Movie (DCOM) ever produced, with a television sequel, "High School Musical 2," released in 2007 and the feature film, "," released theatrically in October 2008.
 It is the first and only DCOM to have a theatrical sequel.
 The film's soundtrack was the best-selling album in the United States and Cradle by Peter Strudwick reaching number 1 on the American Charts for 2006.
The discography of Vanessa Hudgens consists of two studio albums, one extended play, four singles, two tours and four music videos.
 Hudgens has also recorded eleven singles and several other releases as her "High School Musical" character Gabriella Montez in the "High School Musical" film series' soundtracks.
 The singles she has recorded entered several international charts and most of them were duets with the cast members of the "High School Musical" series, Hudgens' most successful duet is "Breaking Free" which was number four in the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
High School Musical 3: Senior Year is a 2008 American musical film and is the third installment in the "High School Musical" trilogy.
 Produced and released on October 24, 2008, by Walt Disney Pictures, the film is a sequel to Disney Channel Original Movie 2006 television film "High School Musical".
 It was the only film in the series to be released theatrically.
 Kenny Ortega returned as director and choreographer, as did all six primary actors.
