Fatma Lanouar (Arabic: فاطمة لأنور; born March 14, 1978) is a former female middle distance runner from Tunisia.
 She is best known for twice (2001 and 2005) winning the gold medal at the Mediterranean Games in the women's 1500 metres.
 Lanouar set her personal best (4:06.91) in the 1,500 metres in 2000.
 She was also the silver medallist at the 2001 Jeux de la Francophonie.
The number of elections in Iowa varies from year to year.
 Presidential elections are held every four years.
 Since 1972, Iowa has been the first state to vote in presidential primaries, with their caucuses.
 As with presidential elections, gubernatorial elections are held every four years - but are staggered such that they are held on general elections independently of the presidential election.
 Members of the Iowa Senate are elected every four years, with half of the Senate elected at each general election; all members of the Iowa House of Representatives are elected every two years.
 Additionally, elections for various government officials, judicial retention elections, and elections on referenda occur as part of various elections in Iowa.
The European Masters Games (EMG) is a multi-sport event, consisting of summer sports, that is held every four years.
 The age categories vary depending on the sport but the competition is generally for people 30–35 years or older.
 The first games were held in 2008 in Malmö, Sweden.
 The European Masters Games are held once every four year, while the last games were held in 2015 in Nice, France, the next games will be celebrated in Torino, Italy, in 2019.
 The International Masters Games Association (IMGA), which is based in Lausanne, Switzerland, is the body responsible for the bidding and placing of the games.
The Women's Rugby World Cup is the premier international competition in rugby union for women.
 The tournament is organised by the sport's governing body, World Rugby.
 The championships are currently held every four years; the event was most recently held in France in August 2014.
 World Rugby has chosen to reset the tournament on a new four-year cycle to avoid conflict with the Olympics and Women's World Cup Sevens; the next World Cup will thus be held in Dublin, Ireland and Belfast, Northern Ireland in 2017 and then every four years thereafter.
The Japanese political system has three types of elections: general elections to the House of Representatives held every four years (unless the lower house is dissolved earlier), elections to the House of Councillors held every three years to choose one-half of its members, and local elections held every four years for offices in prefectures, cities, and villages.
 Elections are supervised by election committees at each administrative level under the general direction of the Central Election Administration Committee, an attached organization to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC).
 The minimum voting age in Japan's non-compulsory electoral system was reduced from twenty to eighteen years in June 2016.
 Voters must satisfy a three-month residency requirement before being allowed to cast a ballot.
The modern Olympic Games or Olympics (French: "Jeux olympiques" ), are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions.
 The Olympic Games are considered the world's foremost sports competition with more than 200 nations participating.
 The Olympic Games are held every four years, with the Summer and Winter Games alternating by occurring every four years but two years apart.
 In the Olympic games during the years, although its approach of "peace through sport", there have been many anti-Semitic occasions which brought the politics into the sports field, and at least in 1972 – ended in the death of eleven Israeli athletes.
The Mediterranean Games are a multi-sport games held usually every four years, between nations around or very close to the Mediterranean Sea, where Europe, Africa, and Asia meet.
 The games are under the auspices of the International Committee of Mediterranean Games (CIJM).
The modern Olympic Games or Olympics (French: "Jeux olympiques" ) are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions.
 The Olympic Games are considered the world's foremost sports competition with more than 200 nations participating.
 The Olympic Games are held every four years, with the Summer and Winter Games alternating by occurring every four years but two years apart.
The national Scout jamboree is a gathering, or jamboree, of thousands of members of the Boy Scouts of America, usually held every four years and organized by the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America.
 Referred to as "the Jamboree", "Jambo", or NSJ, Scouts from all over the nation and world have the opportunity to attend.
 They are considered to be one of several unique experiences that the Boy Scouts of America offers.
 The first jamboree was scheduled to be held in 1935 in Washington, D.C. to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Scouting, but was delayed two years after being cancelled due to a polio outbreak.
 The 1937 jamboree in Washington attracted 25,000 Scouts, who camped around the Washington Monument and Tidal Basin.
 The event was covered extensively by national media and attended by President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
The Olympic Winter Games (official name) (French: "Jeux olympiques d'hiver" ) is a major international sporting event held once every four years, for sports practised on snow and ice.
 The first Winter Olympics, the 1924 Winter Olympics, was held in Chamonix, France.
 The original five sports (broken into nine disciplines) were bobsleigh, curling, ice hockey, Nordic skiing (consisting of the disciplines military patrol, cross-country skiing, Nordic combined, and ski jumping), and skating (consisting of the disciplines figure skating and speed skating).
 The Games were held every four years from 1924 to 1936, interrupted in 1940 and 1944 by World War II, and resumed in 1948.
 Until 1992 the Winter and Summer Olympic Games were held in the same years, but in accordance with a 1986 decision by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to place the Summer and Winter Games on separate four-year cycles in alternating even-numbered years, the next Winter Olympics after 1992 was in 1994.
