Major Lingo is a band from Jerome, Arizona, founded in 1982, and lasting 30 years until its retirement in December, 2012.
 Band members as of the band's retirement included original members Tony Bruno on slide guitar and John Ziegler on rhythm guitar and vocals; and more recent additions Sally Stricker on bass and vocals, and Steve Botterweg on drums and vocals.
 Alumni include drummer Tim Alexander, who went on to join Primus and Blue Man Group, Darryl Icard, who has also played with the Gin Blossoms side project Low/Watts, and Dave Rentz of New Mexico's The Withdrawals.
Furthur was a rock band founded in 2009 by former Grateful Dead members Bob Weir and Phil Lesh.
 The original lineup also included John Kadlecik of the Dark Star Orchestra on lead guitar, Jeff Chimenti of RatDog on keyboards, Jay Lane of RatDog on percussion, and Joe Russo of the Benevento/Russo Duo on drums.
 Named after the famous touring bus used by Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters in the 1960s, Furthur was an improvisational jam band that performed music primarily from the extensive Grateful Dead songbook, as well as their own original music and that of several other well-known artists.
 In addition to the original members (with the exception of Jay Lane, who left the band in March 2010 to rejoin his previous band, Primus), the band's lineup included backup vocalists Sunshine Becker of the a cappella ensemble SoVoSó and Jeff Pehrson of the folk rock bands Box Set and the Fall Risk.
MagentaMantaLoveTree (1993) was the second album released by Dighayzoose with a duration of nearly 65 minutes.
 All band members, except of Jimmi Rodrigez, participated in the writing process.
 The album was a departure from their debut which had been, according to multiple critics, essentially a Red Hot Chili Peppers clone.
 According to "True Tunes News" the band used the language of psychedelia to create "bizarre and visual lyrics."
 Their lyrics touched sometimes personal topics such as love & beauty in a dream about a future wife ("MagentaMantaLoveTree"), hate ("H8 Machine"), and self-loathing ("Diggin' Away").
 Musically the album contained a great number of styles mashed together into a George Clinton style "cosmic slop."
 One review drew musical parallels to Steve Vai, Primus, Faith No More, Janes Addiction, and Scaterd Few.
"Wynona's Big Brown Beaver" is the first single from Primus' 1995 album "Tales from the Punchbowl."
 It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1996.
 Of all the band's members, only LaLonde showed up at the event.
 The award went to Pearl Jam for their song "Spin the Black Circle".
