Victory Sports One was a cable and satellite television regional sports network owned by the Minnesota Twins baseball team.
 It was first conceived in 2001 and launched on October 31, 2003.
 Victory Sports was the exclusive cable TV home of Twins games for the first month of the 2004 season; in addition, it was planned to have coverage of various Minnesota college and high school games along with outdoors programming, including former Twin Kent Hrbek's popular program.
 The channel also simulcast ESPNEWS.
Altitude Sports and Entertainment (usually referred to as simply Altitude) is an American regional sports cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Stan Kroenke's Kroenke Sports & Entertainment.
 The channel, which serves the Rocky Mountain region of the United States (specifically the Denver metropolitan area), features a mix of professional, collegiate and high school sporting events as well as some entertainment-based programming.
Fox Sports Arizona is an American regional sports network that is owned by Fox Cable Networks, a unit of the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox, and operates as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks.
 The channel broadcasts professional, collegiate and high school sports events, with a primary focus on Phoenix area teams.
 It is available on most cable providers throughout Arizona; Fox Sports Arizona is also available nationwide on satellite providers DirecTV and Dish Network.
Charlie Moore (born November 7, 1970 in Wakefield, Massachusetts), sometimes known as "Charlie Moore the Mad Fisherman", is an American television sports personality.
 He is host of "Charlie Moore: No Offense" on the NBC Sports Network and "Charlie Moore Outdoors" on the New England Sports Network (NESN).
Spectrum Sports is a network of regional sports cable television stations serving much of the upstate New York area.
 The stations, which are owned and operated by Charter Communications through its acquisition of Time Warner Cable in May 2016, are available in Rochester, Binghamton, Syracuse and Buffalo.
 The network broadcasts a variety of local college and minor league sports broadcasts and is the de facto successor to the Buffalo-based Empire Sports Network.
 Unlike most regional sports networks, Spectrum Sports is not available on satellite television, nor is it available in areas of upstate that are served by companies other than Charter Spectrum (such as Atlantic Broadband in Cattaraugus County).
Fox Sports Sun, formerly Sun Sports and originally Sunshine Network, is an American regional sports network that is owned by Fox Cable Networks, a unit of the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox, and operates as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks.
 The channel broadcasts local coverage of professional, collegiate and sporting events in the state of Florida, with a focus on professional sports teams based in Miami, Tampa and Orlando.
 Fox Sports Sun and sister regional sports network Fox Sports Florida are headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Spectrum Sports is an American regional sports cable and satellite television network that is owned by Charter Communications.
 The channel mainly serves the Kansas City metropolitan area; Lawrence, Kansas; and the state of Nebraska.
 In addition to being carried on Charter Spectrum systems in the Kansas City area, it is currently available on cable providers such as Comcast and MIDCO in metropolitan Kansas City, Lawrence, and areas of Nebraska.
 As of March 31, 2011, it was available in approximately 500,000 households.
NESN (New England Sports Network) is an American regional sports cable and satellite television network that is owned by a joint venture of Fenway Sports Group (which owns a controlling 80% interest, and is the owner of Boston Red Sox and Liverpool Football Club) and Delaware North (which owns the remaining 20% interest in the network, and owns the Boston Bruins and the TD Garden).
 Headquartered in Watertown, Massachusetts, the network is primarily carried on cable providers throughout New England (except in Fairfield County, Connecticut, which is part of the greater New York City media market).
 NESN is also distributed nationally on satellite providers DirecTV and Dish Network and as NESN National via select cable providers.
 NESN is also on PlayStation Vue at the same areas it is broadcast on cable.
Cox Sports Television (CST) is an American regional sports cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Cox Television.
 The channel, which serves the Gulf South region of the United States, features a mix of professional, collegiate and high school sporting events.
 Cox Sports Television is headquartered in the New Orleans suburb of Metairie, Louisiana.
Spectrum SportsNet and Spectrum Deportes, formerly Time Warner Cable SportsNet and Time Warner Cable Deportes, (abbreviated as TWC SportsNet and TWC Deportes) are American regional sports cable and satellite television networks that are owned by Charter Communications through its acquisition of Time Warner Cable in May 2016, with the Los Angeles Lakers maintaining editorial control over the content, including team-assigned reporters and anchors, as well as team-related programming.
 The networks are based near the Lakers' team headquarters in the Los Angeles suburb of El Segundo, California.
