The Pharmacy College Admission Test (PCAT) is a computer-based standardized test administered to prospective pharmacy school students by Pearson Education, Inc offered in January, July, and September.
 The test is divided into six sections to be taken in approximately four and a half hours.
 The test includes Writing, Biology, Chemistry, Critical reading, and Quantitative Reasoning sections.
 The composite score is based on the multiple-choice sections, and can range from 200 – 600.
 There is no passing score; pharmacy schools set their own standards for acceptable scores.
 Calculators are not allowed during the testing period and no penalty is given for incorrect answers.
Sullivan University is profit based and licensed to offer bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees by the Kentucky Council on Postsecondary Education in accordance with the provisions of KRS 164.945-164.99, based in Louisville, Kentucky and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools—the first for-profit college or university to receive this accreditation.
 Sullivan University currently has physical campuses in Louisville, Lexington, and Fort Knox, and an online campus.
 With approximately 6,000 students, Sullivan is Kentucky's largest private university.
The University of Pittsburgh School of Pharmacy is the graduate pharmacy school of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
 Founded in 1878, it offers Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) and Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degrees, as well as a residency training program.
 The school is one of the university's six schools of the health sciences and is ranked in the top 10 of pharmacy schools according to "U.S. News & World Report".
The Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine (LECOM) is a private, non-profit graduate school of medicine, dentistry and pharmacy with a main campus located on 53 acres in Erie, Pennsylvania, and branch campuses located in Greensburg, Pennsylvania and Bradenton, Florida.
 Founded in 1992, LECOM confers degrees in osteopathic medicine (D.O.), pharmacy (PharmD), and dentistry (DMD), as well as master's degrees in Health Services Administration, Biomedical Sciences, and Medical Education.
 LECOM operates one of the few accelerated three-year pharmacy programs in the country, and is one of 2 pharmacy schools in the country with a distance education program.
AISSMS College of Pharmacy, Pune is a Pharmacy college affiliated to the AICTE, PCI, New Delhi and University of Pune, India.
 It was established in 1996.
 AISSMS COP is among the top Pharmacy colleges in the private sector in Maharashtra.
 AISSMS (All India Shri Shivaji Memorial Society) is an Institute founded by Chattrapati Shri Shahu Maharaj and H. H. Shri Madhavraoji Scindia.
 AISSMS college of Pharmacy is located close to the Regional Transport Office and shares its campus with an Engineering college and Business School.
 At present, the following courses are conducted at the institution-Bachelor of Pharmacy (B.Pharm),Masters in Pharmacy (M.Pharm).
 Recently AISSMS COP has been recognized as a PhD institute.
 The college is located on 72,000 sq. ft of land.
The Arnold and Marie Schwartz College of Pharmacy, formerly known as the Brooklyn College of Pharmacy, is a graduate school of Long Island University's Brooklyn Campus.
 Founded in 1886, it is one of the oldest pharmacy schools in the United States today.
 It became affiliated with Long Island University(LIU) in 1929, and was fully merged into LIU 1976.
Midway College School of Pharmacy was a proposed private pharmacy school planned to open in Paintsville, Kentucky, United States.
 Announced to the public on January 11, 2010, the school planned to open on Big Sandy Community and Technical College's Mayo Campus in the fall of 2011.
 The college was to be housed on the Big Sandy campus until the permanent campus was complete.
 A self-contained campus, consisting of two 60000 ft2 , buildings were completed.
 Dr. William B. Drake Jr., former president of Midway College, was expecting an enrollment of 320 when fully operational.
 It would have been the third pharmacy school in Kentucky (the other two being University of Kentucky College of Pharmacy and Sullivan University College of Pharmacy).
 The school was part of Midway College, a private liberal arts college located in Midway, Kentucky.
The University of Pharmacy, Mandalay (Burmese: ဆေးဝါး တက္ကသိုလ် (မန္တလေး) , ] ), located in Mandalay, is one of two pharmacy schools in Myanmar.
 The university offers a Bachelor of Pharmacy (B.Pharm.)
 degree which is a 4-year full-time.
The University of Tennessee Health Science Center (UTHSC) in Memphis includes the Colleges of Health Professions, Dentistry, Graduate Health Sciences, Medicine, Nursing and Pharmacy.
 Since 1911, The University of Tennessee Health Science Center has educated nearly 57,000 health care professionals.
 As of 2010, "US News and World Report" ranked the College of Pharmacy 17th among American pharmacy schools.
 "The mission of the university is to bring the benefits of the health sciences to the achievement and maintenance of human health, with the focus on the citizens of Tennessee and the region, by pursuing an integrated program of education, research, clinical care, and public service."
The University of Pharmacy, Yangon (Burmese: ဆေးဝါး တက္ကသိုလ် (ရန်ကုန်) ] ), located in North Okkalapa, Yangon, is one of two pharmacy schools in Myanmar.
 The university offers Bachelor of Pharmacy (BPharm) and Master of Pharmacy (MPharm) degree programs.
