4-Hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase (HPPD) inhibitors (HPPD inhbitors) are a class of herbicides that prevent plants by blocking 4-Hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase, an enzyme in plants that breaks down the amino acid, tyrosine into components that are used by plants to create other molecules that plants need.
 This process of breakdown, or catabolism, and making new molecules from the results, or biosynthesis, is something all living things do.
 HPPD inhibitors were first brought to market in 1980, although their mechanism of action was not understood until the late 1990s.
 They were originally used primarily in Japan in rice production, but since the late 1990s have been used in Europe and North America for corn, soybeans, and cereals, and since the 2000s have become more important as weeds have become resistant to glyphosate and other herbicides.
 Genetically modified crops are under development that include resistance to HPPD inhibitors.
 There is a pharmaceutical drug on the market, nitisinone, that was originally under development as an herbicide as a member of this class, and is used to treat an orphan disease, Type I tyrosinemia.
The native flora of the Saskatchewan includes vascular plants, plus additional species of other plants and plant-like organisms such as algae, lichens and other fungi, and mosses.
 Non-native species of plants are recorded as established outside of cultivation in Saskatchewan, of these some non-native species remain beneficial for gardening, and agriculture, where others have become invasive, noxious weeds.
 Saskatchewan is committed to protecting species at risk in Canada.
 The growing season has been studied and classified into plant hardiness zones depending on length of growing season and climatic conditions.
 Biogeographic factors have also been divided into vegetative zones, floristic kingdoms, hardiness zones and ecoregions across Saskatchewan, and natural vegetation varies depending on elevation, moisture, soil type landforms, and weather.
 The study of ethnobotany uncovers the interrelation between humans and plants and the various ways people have used plants for economic reasons, food, medicine and technological developments.
 The Government of Saskatchewan has declared 3 indigenous plants as provincial symbols.
Mansonia mosquitoes are big, black or brown mosquitoes with sparkling on their wings and legs.
 They breed in ponds and lakes containing certain aquatic plants, especially the floating type like "Pistia stratiotes" and water hyacinth.
 The eggs are laid in star-shaped clusters on the undersurface of leaves of these plants.
 The larvae and pupae are found attached to the rootlets of these plants by their siphon tubes.
 They obtain their air supply from these rootlets.
 When about to become adult, these pupae come to the surface of water and the fully formed adults emerge and escape.
 The control of "Mansonoia" mosquitoes is easy by removal or destruction of the aquatic host plants by herbicides.
Fuel Cell Energy, Inc. is a global fuel cell power company.
 It designs, manufactures, operates and services Direct Fuel Cell power plants (a type of molten carbonate fuel cell), to electrochemically produce electricity and heat from a range of basic fuels including natural gas and biogas.
 As the biggest publicly traded fuel cell manufacturer in the U.S., the company operates over 50 plants all over the world.
 It operates the world’s largest fuel cell park, Gyeonggi Green Energy Fuel cell park, which is located in South Korea.
 The park consists of 21 power plants providing 59 Megawatt of electricity plus district heating to a number of customers in South Korea.
 It also operates the largest fuel cell park in North America consisting of five 2.8MW power plants and a rankine cycle turbine bottoming cycle in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
 The company has two markets including ultra-clean power, based on clean natural gas, and renewable power operating on renewable biogas.
 Its customer base covers a wide range of commercial and industrial enterprises worldwide including utility companies, municipalities, universities, etc.
Stellacyanin is a member of the blue or type I copper protein family.
 This family of copper proteins is generally involved in electron transfer reactions with the Cu center transitioning between the oxidized Cu(II) form and the reduced Cu(I) form.
 Stellacyanin is ubiquitous among vascular seed plants.
 It is a 20kDa protein whose structure is made up of beta strands forming 2 beta sheets to form a Greek key beta barrel with variable alpha helical structure.
 The copper binding domain of the protein is located at the amino-terminal end, while the carboxyl-terminal end is rich in hydroxyproline and serine residues, typical of proteins associated with cell walls of plants.
 In addition, it is also heavily glycosylated.
 The copper is tetrahedrally coordinated by a cysteine, 2 histidines, and a glutamine residue.
 The glutamine residue takes place of a methione ligand typically found in other blue copper proteins.
 In addition, electron transfer rates for stellacyanin are faster than for other type I copper proteins suggesting stellacyanin is more solvent accessible at the active site.
 The exact function of stellacyanin is unknown.
 However, given the fact that type I copper proteins are involved in electron transfer and stellacyanin appears to be associated with the plant cell wall, it is suggested that it is involved in oxidative cross-linking reactions to build polymeric material making up the cell wall.
Chalcone synthase or naringenin-chalcone synthase (CHS) is an enzyme ubiquitous to higher plants and belongs to a family of polyketide synthase enzymes (PKS) known as type III PKS.
 Type III PKSs are associated with the production of chalcones, a class of organic compounds found mainly in plants as natural defense mechanisms and as synthetic intermediates.
 CHS was the first type III PKS to be discovered.
 It is the first committed enzyme in flavonoid biosynthesis.
Plants cannot move to escape their predators, so they must have other means of protecting themselves from herbivorous animals.
 Some plants have physical defenses such as thorns, spines and prickles, but by far the most common type of protection is chemical.
 Over millennia, through the process of natural selection, plants have evolved the means to produce a vast and complicated array of chemical compounds in order to deter herbivores.
 Tannin, for example, is a defensive compound that emerged relatively early in the evolutionary history of plants, while more complex molecules such as polyacetylenes are found in younger groups of plants such as the Asterales.
 Many of the known plant defense compounds primarily defend against consumption by insects, though other animals, including humans, that consume such plants may also experience negative effects, ranging from mild discomfort to death.
A binary cycle power plant is a type of geothermal power plant that allows cooler geothermal reservoirs to be used than is necessary for dry steam and flash steam plants.
 As of 2010, flash steam plants are the most common type of geothermal power generation plants in operation today, which use water at temperatures greater than 182 C that is pumped under high pressure to the generation equipment at the surface.
 With binary cycle geothermal power plants, pumps are used to pump hot water from a geothermal well, through a heat exchanger, and the cooled water is returned to the underground reservoir.
 A second "working" or "binary" fluid with a low boiling point, typically a butane or pentane hydrocarbon, is pumped at fairly high pressure (500 psi ) through the heat exchanger, where it is vaporized and then directed through a turbine.
 The vapor exiting the turbine is then condensed by cold air radiators or cold water and cycled back through the heat exchanger.
Aubrieta (commonly known as Aubretia) is a genus of about 12 species of flowering plants in the cabbage family Brassicaceae.
 The genus is named after Claude Aubriet, a French flower-painter.
 It originates from southern Europe east to central Asia but is now a common garden escape throughout Europe.
 It is a low, spreading plant, hardy, evergreen and perennial, with small violet, pink or white flowers, and inhabits rocks and banks.
 It prefers light, well-drained soil, is tolerant of a wide pH range, and can grow in partial shade or full sun.
In the study of the biological sciences, biocommunication is any specific type of communication within (intraspecific) or between (interspecific) species of plants, animals, fungi, protozoa and microorganisms.
 Communication basically means sign-mediated interactions following three levels of (syntactic, pragmatic and semantic) rules.
 Signs in most cases are chemical molecules (semiochemicals, but also tactile, or as in animals also visual and auditive.
 Biocommunication of animals may include vocalizations (as between competing bird species), or pheromone production (as between various species of insects), chemical signals between plants and animals (as in tannin production used by vascular plants to warn away insects), and chemically mediated communication between plants and within plants.
 Biocommunication of fungi demonstrates that mycelia communication integrates interspecific sign-mediated interactions between fungal organisms soil bacteria and plant root cells without which plant nutrition could not be organized.
