van der Westhuizen (also known as van der Westhuisen, van der Westhysen) is a common Afrikaans surname.
 The largest number of van der Westhuizens can be found in Africa, but because of immigration large numbers of van der Westhuizens can also be found in Argentina, Australia, United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand and the United States of America.
 Van der Westhuizens have had a notable influence on every significant phase of South African history, most notably the Great Trek, First Boer War and the Second Boer War, as well as strategic campaigns in both World Wars.
Sino-Portuguese architecture (Thai: สถาปัตยกรรมจีน-โปรตุเกส or ชิโนโปรตุกีส ) is an hybrid architecture style incorporating Chinese and the Portuguese architecture styles.
 The style was traditionally common in wealthy urban centers where Chinese settlers lived in southern China and the Malay Peninsula, with a myriad of examples found across present day Peninsular Malaysia (i.e. George Town, Penang, Alor Setar, Kuala Terengganu, Kuantan, Ipoh, Kuala Lumpur, Klang, Seremban, Malacca), Southern Thailand (Phuket, Ranong, Krabi, Takua Pa, Phang Nga or Trang and Satun), Singapore, Macau and Hainan (primary Haikou).
Maarten van der Vleuten (] ) is a Dutch producer, composer and recording artist born in Vught, The Netherlands in 1967.
 Between 1987 and 2007 he used over two dozens of aliases, producing Detroit techno, electro, house, experimental and ambient music.
 In early 2008 he announced that he would only use his real name for future releases.
 He recorded for R&S Records, Outrage Recordings, Apollo Records (Belgium), Djax-Up-Beats, See Saw, ESP and Klang Elektronik to name just a few.
 Since 1996 he is also releasing music on his own label Signum Recordings (and its two sublabels Passiflora and Glam).
 Maarten's musical vision knows no limits: working in his own studio, he's constantly experimenting and exploring all aspects of (danceable) music, looking for innovation and bringing new angles to it.
 Due to his experimental vision towards his music, Van Der Vleuten's productions are not mainstream material.
 As a result of that he has gained more credits from within the "underground" scene.
 Or as the database of the Dutch Rock & Pop Institute writes; "one of the pioneers of the dutch dance scene".
Eilene Hannan AM (24 July 194611 July 2014) was an Australian operatic soprano with an international reputation.
 She was particularly associated with opera sung in English, although she also sang in other languages.
 She was as well known as an actress as she was a singer.
 Her repertoire included Mozart's Pamina, Susanna, Cherubino, Dorabella and Zerlina; Mimì in Puccini's "La bohème"; Natasha Rostova in Prokofiev's "War and Peace"; Tatiana in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin"; Marzelline in Beethoven's "Fidelio"; Mélisande in Debussy's "Pelléas et Mélisande"; Blanche in Poulenc's "Dialogues of the Carmelites"; the title roles in Janáček's "Káťa Kabanová", "Jenůfa" and "The Cunning Little Vixen"; the Marschallin in Richard Strauss's "Der Rosenkavalier"; Princess Eboli in Verdi's "Don Carlos"; Pat Nixon in Adams' "Nixon in China"; Wagner's Sieglinde and Venus; Salome in Massenet's "Hérodiade"; and Monteverdi's Poppea.
The Yellow Sound (in German, "Der Gelbe Klang") is an experimental theater piece originated by the Russian artist Wassily Kandinsky.
 Created in 1909, the work was first published in "The Blue Rider Almanac" in 1912.
Bank Negara Komuter station is a KTM Komuter train station in central Kuala Lumpur, named after the Central Bank of Malaysia headquarters located nearby.
 The halt forms part of a common KTM Komuter railway line shared by both the Port Klang Line and the Seremban Line.
 It is located at Jalan Dato' Onn.
Putra Komuter station is a Malaysian commuter train halt in Kuala Lumpur named in part after the Putra World Trade Centre located nearby.
 The halt forms part of a common KTM Komuter railway line shared by both the Port Klang Line and the Seremban Line.
 The halt is also the northernmost station in the KTM Komuter network where trains from both lines stop.
Sir John Ferne (ca. 1560 – 1609) was a knight writer on heraldry, a genealogist, an eminent common lawyer and MP.
Der ferne Klang ("The Distant Sound") is an opera by Franz Schreker, libretto by the composer.
Loretta Di Franco is an American operatic soprano who is chiefly known for her more than 900 performances at the Metropolitan Opera from 1961-1995.
 Originally a member of the Met's opera chorus, she eventually was promoted to singing small comprimario roles beginning with one of the pages in Wagner's "Tannhäuser" and the peasant girl in "The Marriage of Figaro" in 1961.
 She went on to win the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions in 1965 which led to her first substantial role, Chloe in "The Queen of Spades".
 She continued to appear annually at the Met for the next 30 years, performing both leading and supporting roles.
 Some of the parts she performed at the Met included Annina in "La traviata", both the Aunt and Barena in Janáček's "Jenůfa", Barbarina and Marcellina in "The Marriage of Figaro", Berta in "The Barber of Seville", Countess Ceprano in "Rigoletto", the Dew Fairy and the Sandman in "Hansel and Gretel", Feklusa in "Káťa Kabanová", the First Lady in "The Magic Flute", the Flower Seller in Britten's "Death in Venice", Frasquita in "Carmen", Gerhilde in "Die Walküre", Giannetta in "L'elisir d'amore", Helen in "Mourning Becomes Electra", Ines in "Il trovatore", Jouvenot in "Adriana Lecouvreur", Kate Pinkerton in "Madama Butterfly", Laura in "Luisa Miller", Lauretta in "Gianni Schichi", Lisa in "La sonnambula", Marianne in "Der Rosenkavalier", Marthe in "Faust", Musetta in "La bohème", Oscar in "Un ballo in maschera", Samaritana in "Francesca da Rimini", Woglinde in both "Das Rheingold" and "Götterdämmerung", Xenia in "Boris Godunov", Zerlina in "Don Giovanni", and title role in "Lucia di Lammermoor".
 In 1991 she created the role of the Woman with Child in the world premiere of John Corigliano's "The Ghosts of Versailles".
