Airwaves is an album released by British rock band Badfinger in 1979 on the Elektra label (a sister label to Warner Bros.
 Records, their previous label), the seventh album released that was credited to Badfinger.
 Anticipated as a comeback album for the group at the time, expectations were not quite realized, as the "group" now consisted of just the duo of Tom Evans and Joey Molland, accompanied by guitarist Joe Tansin and various session musicians.
Aznavour, sa jeunesse is a tribute album released on 24 November 2014 where a great number of younger French-language artists sing classic hits from Aznavour.
 The album released under Millenium label, one of the affiliated Barclay Records label was made to coincide with the 90th birthday of the French Armenian artist born in 1924.
 The title of the album is also a nod to "Sa jeunesse...(Entre ses mains)", one of Aznavour's earliest singles.
Jarren Giovanni Benton (born October 26, 1981) is an American rapper from Decatur, Georgia.
 In early 2012, he signed to rapper Hopsin's independent record label Funk Volume and released a mixtape called "Freebasing with Kevin Bacon" in June 2012.
 A year later, on June 11, 2013 he released his debut studio album "My Grandma's Basement", which received positive critical reviews and debuted at number 152 on the "Billboard" 200.
 On January 4, 2016, Jarren Benton posted a prank on Instagram, saying that he dropped his current label, "Funk Volume," for a label no longer in existence entitled "No Limits."
 Fans and news outlets alike took the prank seriously, and spread the joke as truth on the internet because they refused to find solid evidence and verify confirmation of fact to the joke.
 Both Funk Volume and Jarren Benton have disproved truth to the prank in the same night.
 However, it has been officially confirmed the Funk Volume label has split up.
 After the Funk Volume split up, Jarren has created his own record label under the name Benton Enterprises, choosing to go in his own direction to get his own brand out to the public, and to release his new album Slow Motion Vol.
 2.
 The album originally was scheduled to be released on July 15th, but Jarren posted on social media on July 3rd, 2016 "Due to technical difficulties, we will be releasing Slow Motion Vol.
 2 on July 22nd."
 The album will be released on his new website and will be his first album release under his label Benton Enterprises, his first album release since the Funk Volume departure, and his first album released on his new website.
Anthology: Down In Birdland was an anthology 2-CD album released by The Manhattan Transfer in 1992 on the Rhino Records label.
 It was the first album released by the group on this label.
Bet You Think I'm Lonely was the fourth album released by the Wild Strawberries, and the only album released under the band's own label Strawberry Records.
 It followed the release of the song "Life Sized Marilyn Monroe", which also became a track on this album.
 It was originally released in 1994, and the band toured to support and promote it in 1995.
 It was re-released in 1998 by Nettwerk, with whom the Wild Strawberries had signed a contract in 1995.
 The re-release featured cover artwork that was not as dark as the original.
Conrad Uno is an American record producer and founder of the independent record label PopLlama Records.
 Uno began his career making his own music as a teenager in his makeshift basement studio.
 At the request of his friends, the Young Fresh Fellows, Uno produced their debut album "The Fabulous Sounds of the Pacific Northwest".
 When the band decided to release their debut album themselves, Uno founded PopLlama Records to help with the release.
 He would also produce their next four albums; "Topsy Turvey" (1985), "The Men Who Loved Music" (1987), "Totally Lost" (1988) and "This One's for the Ladies" (1989), the latter three released through Frontier Records.
 He would also produce albums by Dharma Bums, "Haywire: Out Through the Indoor" (1989), and Scott McCaughey, "My Chartreuse Opinion" (1989), while he was the engineer on Mudhoney's self-titled album released in 1989.
Live À L'Olympia is a live album by Jeff Buckley, released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 It is the second posthumous live album released since his death in 1997.
 The CD consists of performances taken from two separate concerts Buckley and his band played on July 6/7 1995 at Paris Olympia.
 The French crowd were very receptive as he was well regarded there, as shown when he was awarded France's prestigious "Grand Prix International Du Disque" earlier that year.
 Buckley paused midway in some of the songs to address the crowd and "Hallelujah" features ad-libbed lyrics in response to their enthusiasm.
 The album also features a version of a song from Nina Simone's repertoire, "That's All I Ask".
 It is one of two versions of the song officially released, the other appearing on a three-track bonus disc issued with Australian copies of Buckley's Mystery White Boy live album.
 Buckley played the song at various concerts on his 1995 European tour.
Jingle Jangle is the third studio album released by The Archies, a fictional bubblegum pop band from the Archie comics universe.
 It was produced by Jeff Barry.
 It is their first album released on the Kirshner Record label.
 The album features the hit single "Jingle Jangle".
 That song peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The album peaked at number 125 on the "Billboard" Top Lps chart.
"Galang" is a song by British musician M.I.A. from her debut album "Arular".
 It was released on Showbiz Records in 2003 as her first single, which pressed 500 vinyl copies, gaining immediate international recognition via radio airplay, fashion shows, club rotations and internet filesharing.
 "Galang" was re-released on 1 November 2004 via XL Recordings as the second single from the album released by the label and was released for a third time as "Galang '05" on 11 October 2005 by the label and in the US by Interscope Records.
 It is written by Maya "M.I.A." Arulpragasam, Justine Frischmann, Ross Orton and Steve Mackey.
 It first appeared on M.I.A.'s six song demo tape in 2003, her official MySpace account on 9 June 2004 and was later reworked slightly by Orton and Mackey who received production credit for the song.
 "Galang" was the second song M.I.A. wrote on her Roland MC-505, intending for the piece to be performed by Frischmann's band Elastica.
 Inspired by her experiences and observations of life in London, M.I.A. wrote the song to encourage her friends in the band to continue to make music.
 However, after cowriting the song, Frischmann convinced M.I.A. to record "Galang" herself, complimenting the piece's lyrical narrative and music direction.
Idol is Dead (stylized IDOL is DEAD) is the second studio album released by Japanese idol group BiS on October 28, 2012.
 It is their first original album released on a major label, as well as the first (and only) full album released with the "Quintet" lineup (Pour Lui, Nozomi Hirano, Yufu Terashima, Rio Michibayashi, and Yurika Wakisaka).
 The album continues the style of BiS's previous releases, containing songs of different types of rock.
 It also continues the tradition of their studio albums containing a cover, in this case Shinichi Osawa's "Our Song", arranged in a Shoegaze style.
 The four tracks ("nerve", "My Ixxx", "primal."
 and "IDOL") from their independent label days have been re-recorded.
