The National Road (also known as the Cumberland Road) was the first major improved highway in the United States built by the federal government.
 Built between 1811 and 1837, the 620 mi road connected the Potomac and Ohio Rivers and was a main transport path to the West for thousands of settlers.
 When rebuilt in the 1830s, it became the second U.S. road surfaced with the macadam process pioneered by Scotsman John Loudon McAdam.
Iowa Highway 28 is a 21.73 mi state highway located in south central Iowa.
 The route begins at Iowa Highway 92 at Martensdale and ends at Interstate 35 / Interstate 80 in Johnston.
 It is the first major north–south highway east of Interstate 35 in the Des Moines metropolitan area.
The Portage Glacier Highway, or Portage Glacier Road, is a highway located in the U.S. state of Alaska.
 The highway is made up of a series of roads, bridges, and tunnels that connect the Portage Glacier area of the Chugach National Forest and the city of Whittier to the Seward Highway.
 Most of the highway travels through mainly rural areas just north of the Kenai Peninsula, with the Anton Anderson Memorial Tunnel passing under Maynard Mountain, part of the Chugach Mountain Range.
 Parts of the route were first constructed in the early 1900s, and the entire highway was completed on June 7, 2000, as part of the Whittier Access Project.
 s of 2012 , the highway has not been extended or rerouted.
 The main portion of the highway traveling from the western terminus to the Begich, Boggs visitors center is designated as National Forest Highway 35 by the U.S. Forest Service.
Route 70 is a state highway located in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
 It extends 59.84 mi from an interchange with Route 38 in Pennsauken Township, Camden County to an intersection with Route 34 and Route 35 in Wall Township, Monmouth County.
 Route 70 cuts across the middle of the state as a two-lane highway through the Pine Barrens in Burlington and Ocean counties.
 The western section in Cherry Hill and Marlton is a four to eight-lane divided highway that serves as a major suburban arterial; as such, it is congested.
 It is locally known as the Marlton Pike.
 The eastern section in Monmouth and Ocean counties is also a multilane divided highway that runs through suburban areas.
 Route 70 is officially known as the John Davison Rockefeller Memorial Highway its entire length in honor of John Davison Rockefeller.
Montana Highway 87 (MT 87) is a primary state highway located in the southwestern region of the U.S. state of Montana.
 The highway travels through mainly rural areas in Raynolds Pass, from the Montana–Idaho state line to an intersection with U.S. Route 287 (US 287).
 The route travels through a portion of Gallatin National Forest.
 In 1922, a road in the location of MT 87 was added to the highway system, and a few years later the road was designated as portions of two early auto trails.
 In 1959, the route was rapidly improved due to the collapse of US 287 nearby.
 During 1967, much of the highway was reconstructed along its current location.
Morrison is a city in Whiteside County, Illinois, United States.
 The population was 4,188 at the 2010 census, down from 4,447 in 2000.
 It is the county seat of Whiteside County.
 It is located on the Historic Lincoln Highway, the nation’s first transcontinental highway and in Morrison was the site of two concrete "seedling miles", which served as prototypes of what an improved highway could do for the nation.
Stratford (2011 pop.: 8,574) is a Canadian suburban town located in southern Queens County, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
 With a population of 8,574 in the most recent 2011 census, Stratford is the third-largest municipality in the province of Prince Edward Island and is experiencing some population growth as a direct result of an improved highway bridge over the Hillsborough River, connecting the town with Charlottetown.
 It offers a combination of residential, business and agricultural land-use, as well as recreational and protected environmental areas.
Highway 2 (Hebrew: כביש 2‎ , "Kvish 2") is an Israeli highway located on the coastal plain of the Mediterranean Sea.
 It begins as a major arterial road within Tel Aviv, becoming a freeway as it exits the city northward continuing to Haifa.
 North of Tel Aviv, the highway is also called The Coastal Highway (Hebrew: כביש החוף‎ ‎ , "Kvish HaHof") or The New Haifa–Tel Aviv Highway (Hebrew: כביש חיפה - תל אביב החדש‎ ‎ , "Kvish Heifa–Tel Aviv HaHadash").
Highway 39 is a provincial paved undivided highway located in the southern portion of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan connecting North Portal and Moose Jaw in the north.
 This is a primary Saskatchewan highway maintained by the provincial and national governments providing a major trucking and tourism route between the United States via Portal, Burke County, North Dakota, U.S.A. and North Portal, Saskatchewan.
 On July 3, 2000, Highways and Transportation Minister Maynard Sonntag officiated at the ribbon cutting ceremony opening the new duty-free shop and the twinned highway at Saskatchewan's busiest border crossing.
 Highway 39 is one of Canada's busiest highways, facilitating transport for $6 billion in trade goods via approximately 100,000 trucks over the year.
 The entire length of highway 39 is paved.
 The CanAm Highway comprises Saskatchewan Highways Hwy 35, Hwy 39, Hwy 6, Hwy 3, as well as Hwy 2.
 44.3 mi of Saskatchewan Highway 39 contribute to the CanAm Highway between Weyburn and Corinne.
 Highway 39 is divided or twinned in two areas at North Portal as well as north of Weyburn for 1.7 km .
 The junction of Hwy 39 with the Trans–Canada divided four-lane highway is done via a "Parclo" or partial cloverleaf interchange.
North Carolina Highway 2A (NC 2A) was a state highway located in southern Moore County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
 The highway traveled from an intersection with U.S. Route 1 (US 1), now May Street, northward through portions of Manly and Southern Pines to an intersection with NC 22 (now US 1).
 The highway was first listed as part of the Moore County road system by at least 1930.
 The route was improved to a paved surface by 1936.
 NC 2A was numbered sometime between 1945 and 1949.
 By 1952, it was cancelled and Highway 2 was designated over the route.
 It has since been numbered Secondary Road 2029 (SR 2029).
