Jerome Williams (born May 10, 1973) is an American retired professional basketball player who last played for the New York Knicks of the NBA.
 He was a star player on the Magruder High School basketball team.
 Drafted out of Georgetown University by the Detroit Pistons with the 26th pick of the 1996 NBA Draft (the pick originally belonged to the San Antonio Spurs and went to the Pistons in the Dennis Rodman trade), he played four-plus years with the Pistons, becoming one of their key reserves.
 He was a fan favorite during his days playing for the Toronto Raptors due to his tenacious efforts on the court.
Reginald "Reggie" Harding (May 4, 1942 – September 2, 1972) was an American professional basketball player.
 Drafted in 1962 by the Detroit Pistons, Harding is noted as the first player drafted into the NBA without having played in college, Harding spent five years in the NBA; playing for the Detroit Pistons, Chicago Bulls and later the Indiana Pacers.
 Harding also played for the Trenton Colonials which was apart of the Continental Basketball Association.
Chauncey Ray Billups (born September 25, 1976) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 17 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 A star at the University of Colorado, he was selected third overall in the 1997 NBA draft by the Boston Celtics.
 A five-time NBA All-Star and a three-time All-NBA selection, Billups played for the Celtics, Toronto Raptors, Denver Nuggets, Minnesota Timberwolves, Detroit Pistons, New York Knicks, and Los Angeles Clippers during his NBA career.
 He won the NBA Finals MVP in 2004 after helping the Pistons beat the Los Angeles Lakers in the Finals, and was given the nickname "Mr. Big Shot" for making late-game shots with Detroit.
 The Pistons retired his number #1 jersey in 2016.
Gregory Keith Monroe Jr. (born June 4, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 In his freshman season at Georgetown University, Monroe was named Big East Rookie of the Year.
 He was drafted by the Detroit Pistons in the 2010 NBA draft with the seventh overall pick and became the last Pistons player to wear the #10 jersey, after the Pistons retired the number for Dennis Rodman at halftime of a game against the Chicago Bulls on April 1, 2011.
Prithipal Singh (28 January 1932 – 20 May 1983) was an Indian field hockey player nicknamed the "“King of short corner”" by hockey commentators.
 He participated in the Olympic field hockey three times and each time he scored the highest number of goals as a single player.
 Singh was a player with sharp reflexes, and the tremendous strength in his long and powerful arms produced firmest and sticking shots which unfailingly fetched him goals and often the winners.
 The Evening Post, New Zealand commented in 1961 that to face the fury of Prithipal's hit is to risk one's life.
 Another author commented that if Arjuna was the "Maharathi" of the Mahabharata war, Prithipal was the "Maharathi" of the International Hockey game.
 The first-ever Arjuna Award to a hockey player was conferred upon him in 1961, which was later followed by the Padma Shri in 1967.
 Singh won Olympic medals in Rome (1960 silver), Tokyo (1964 gold) and Mexico (1968 bronze).
Dennis Keith Rodman (born May 13, 1961) is an American retired professional basketball player, who played for the Detroit Pistons, San Antonio Spurs, Chicago Bulls, Los Angeles Lakers, and Dallas Mavericks in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He was nicknamed "The Worm" and was known for his fierce defensive and rebounding abilities.
Rickey Paulding (born October 23, 1982) is an American professional basketball player.
 He played college basketball for the University of Missouri.
 In his collegiate career, he scored 1,200 points and grabbed 300 rebounds.
 Remembered by his fans for scoring 37 points and making an astounding nine threes against Dwyane Wade, Travis Diener and the Marquette Golden Eagles in the Tigers' loss in the 2nd round of the NCAA tournament his junior year, he opted to return for his senior season.
 He was drafted 54th overall in the second round by the Detroit Pistons.
 In his first year of pro ball, he played for Hapoel Jerusalem of Israel after averaging 12.2 points per game for the Detroit Pistons in the summer leagues.
 However, he was waived by the Pistons the following year and tried out for the Sacramento Kings, but failed to make the roster.
 He has played for Lyon Villeurbanne, France and BCM Gravelines Dunkerque Grand Littoral.
 For the 2007/08 season, he has signed with the German Bundesliga team EWE Baskets Oldenburg.
Three-peat is a term used primarily in American sports to refer to winning three consecutive championships.
 The term, a portmanteau of the words "three" and "repeat", originated with the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association, during their unsuccessful campaign for a third consecutive championship during the 1988–89 season, having won the previous 2 NBA Finals in 1987 and 1988 against the Boston Celtics and Detroit Pistons, but were swept by the Pistons in the 1989 NBA Finals.
 The term is a registered trademark owned by Pat Riley, the Lakers' head coach from 1981–1990, although it was coined by L.A. player Byron Scott immediately after their victorious championship defense against the Detroit Pistons in the 1988 NBA Finals.
The 2005–06 Detroit Pistons season was the 65th season of the franchise, the 58th in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and the 49th in the Detroit area.
 They Pistons began the season hoping to improve upon their 54–28 output from the previous season and have another chance of going to the NBA Finals after losing to the San Antonio Spurs in last season's NBA Finals in seven games.
 They bested it by ten games, finishing 64–18—their best record in franchise history—and qualifying for the playoffs for the fifth straight season.
 The Pistons defeated the Milwaukee Bucks in five games in the first round, and the Cleveland Cavaliers in a tough hard fought seven game series to reached the Eastern Conference Finals for the fourth consecutive year before losing to the eventual NBA champions Miami Heat, whom they had beaten in a seven-game playoff series the year before.
 Detroit's offseason was soon marked by the departure of star defensive player Ben Wallace, who signed a free-agent deal with the Chicago Bulls.
The Detroit Pistons are an American professional basketball team based in Detroit, Michigan.
 The Pistons compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member club of the league's Eastern Conference Central Division.
 The team plays its home games at Little Caesars Arena and was founded in Fort Wayne, Indiana as the Fort Wayne (Zollner) Pistons in 1941, a member of the National Basketball League (NBL).
 The Pistons joined the Basketball Association of America (BAA) in 1948.
 In 1949, the NBL and BAA merged to become the NBA, and the Pistons became part of the merged league.
 Since moving to Detroit in 1957, the Pistons have won three NBA championships in 1989, 1990 and 2004.
