Laurence Alan "Larry" Tisch (March 5, 1923 – November 15, 2003) was an American businessman, Wall Street investor and billionaire.
 He was the CEO of CBS television network from 1986 to 1995.
 With his brother Bob Tisch, he was part owner of the Loews Corporation.
AT&T Park is a baseball park located in the South Beach neighborhood of San Francisco, California.
 Since 2000, it has served as the home of the San Francisco Giants, the city's Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise.
 Originally named Pacific Bell Park, then SBC Park in 2003 after SBC Communications acquired Pacific Bell, the stadium was ultimately christened AT&T Park in 2006, following SBC's buyout of AT&T.
 The park stands along the San Francisco Bay, a segment of which is named McCovey Cove in honor of former Giants player Willie McCovey.
Jonathan Tisch is Chairman Emeritus of the "United States Travel Association" (U.S. Travel), a travel industry lobbying group, a trustee of Tufts University, and a board member of the Tribeca Film Institute.
 He is a co-owner, a member of the board of directors, and treasurer of the New York Football Giants.
 He served as co-chairman of the 2014 NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Committee.
Sydney Soccer Club Yugal is a defunct association football club from Sydney, Australia.
 The club, formed by Yugoslav immigrants in the mid-1950s, was originally known as Dalmatinac due to the Dalmatian origins of most of its founders.
 It competed initially in the Granville District competition before joining the New South Wales Federation of Soccer Club's Second Division Competition in 1958, the same year as other former giants of soccer in New South Wales, Pan-Hellenic, later known as Sydney Olympic FC and Polonia.
Andrew Tisch is the co-chair of Loews Corporation, the company founded by his father Larry Tisch and uncle Bob Tisch.
 Together with his brother, James S. Tisch, and his first cousin, Jonathan Tisch, Andrew oversees a holding company involved in hotels, oil, and insurance.
 His mother is Wilma "Billie" Stein.
Ositadimma "Osi" Umenyiora (born November 16, 1981) is a British sports pundit and former American Football defensive end who played in the National Football League (NFL).
 He played college football for Troy University and was drafted by the New York Giants in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft.
 Umenyiora was a two-time Pro Bowl selection and holds the Giants franchise record for most sacks in one game.
 He is one of four British-born players to have won a Super Bowl, joining Marvin Allen, Scott McCready and former Giants teammate Lawrence Tynes.
David Tuthill "Dave" Jennings (June 8, 1952 – June 19, 2013) was an American football punter who played in the National Football League (NFL) from 1974 to 1987.
 He played for the New York Giants and the New York Jets.
 He worked as a radio color commentator for Giants games from 2002 until 2007, when he was replaced by former Giants linebacker Carl Banks.
 He had also worked as a radio commentator for Jets games from 1988 to 2001.
 Jennings worked as a game analyst alongside WFAN Giants announcers Bob Papa and Dick Lynch.
 In addition to his booth work, Jennings was a part of the Giants pre and post game shows, covering player interviews from the locker room.
 Jennings, who had Parkinson's disease, left broadcasting altogether following the 2008 season.
Steven Elliot Tisch (born February 14, 1949) is an American film producer and businessman.
 He is the chairman and Executive Vice President of the New York Giants, the NFL team co-owned by his family, as well as a film and television producer.
 He is the son of former Giants co-owner Bob Tisch.
David Tisch (born 1981) is a businessman and angel investor based in New York City.
 He is managing partner of BoxGroup, a seed-stage capital firm, and a co-founder of TechStars New York City.
 He is the grandson of American businessman Laurence Tisch, co-owner of Loews Corporation.
 His great-uncle, Preston Robert Tisch purchased the New York Giants, now co-owned by Steve Tisch, who produced the films "Forrest Gump" and "Risky Business".
Wellington Timothy Mara (August 14, 1916 – October 25, 2005) was the co-owner of the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL) from 1959 until his death, and one of the most influential and iconic figures in the history of the NFL.
 He was the younger son of Tim Mara, who founded the Giants in 1925.
 Wellington was a ball boy for that year.
