Skyscraper National Park is the third album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden.
 It was released on Hardwood Records in Canada, on Badman Recording Co. in the U.S., on Loose Music in the U.K., and on Massive!
 in the Japan.
 There were two limited-edition pressings of this album.
 The first, comprising only 100 copies, was mainly for Hayden's friends and family.
 The second, comprising 1,500 copies, was sold on Hayden's cross-Canada tour.
Atsushi Sakurai (櫻井 敦司 , Sakurai Atsushi , born March 7, 1966 in Fujioka, Gunma) is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter.
 He has been the vocalist of the rock band Buck-Tick since 1985, previously being their drummer from 1983.
 He released the solo album "Ai no Wakusei" in 2004 and was also a member of Schwein alongside Hisashi Imai (Buck-Tick), Sascha Konietzko (KMFDM) and Raymond Watts.
 In 2015, he formed a solo project called The Mortal.
Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School , is located in the northern area of Burlington, Ontario, Canada, at 3040 Tim Dobbie Drive.
 It is an English and French immersion school in the Halton District School Board that as of 2015 serves approximately 1400 grade 9-12 students.
 In its first year, Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School served approximately 600 students in grades 9–10.
 The school is named for Special Olympics pioneer Frank Hayden.
The Closer I Get is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden.
 It is Hayden's first international release.
 In Canada it was released on Hardwood Records/Universal, while in the United States it was released on Outpost Recordings/Geffen/Universal.
Mild and Hazy is a 7" vinyl single by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden.
 It was released in 1996 on Hayden's own label, Hardwood Records as well as on Lunamoth.
 The cover is a photograph of Hayden as a toddler.
 The song "Gouge Away" is a cover of the Pixies, from their album "Doolittle".
Kyo (京 , Kyō ) is a Japanese musician, poet and singer-songwriter.
 He is best known as the vocalist of the metal band Dir en grey.
 He has been with the band since its inception in 1997 and was formerly in La:Sadie's.
 Kyo was inspired to become a musician when he saw a picture of Buck-Tick vocalist Atsushi Sakurai on the desk of a junior high school classmate.
 His vocals span a tenor range.
Dewey Beard or Wasú Máza ("Iron Hail", 1858–1955) was a Minneconjou Lakota who fought in the Battle of Little Bighorn as a teenager.
 After George Armstrong Custer's defeat, Wasu Maza followed Sitting Bull into exile in Canada and then back to South Dakota where he lived on the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation.
 Chief Iron Hail is often mistaken by historians for Chief Iron Tail, being Lakota contemporaries with similar-sounding names.
 Most biographies incorrectly report that Chief Iron Tail fought in the Battle of the Little Bighorn and that his family was killed in 1890 at Wounded Knee, when in truth it was Chief Iron Hail who suffered the loss.
Masami Tsuchiya is a Japanese singer-songwriter and musician, coming to prominence in the late 1970s as the lead vocalist and guitarist in the group Ippu-Do.
 His subsequent output includes solo work and collaborations.
 Tsuchiya has worked with artists as diverse as English new wave rockers Japan and Bill Nelson, Japanese electronica composer Ryuichi Sakamoto, Duran Duran side-project Arcadia, and Japanese rock band Buck-Tick.
Hailstorm Alley is a colloquial term referring to an area of south and central Alberta, Canada where hail storms are frequently produced.
 These storms frequently produce hail that is damaging to property.
 This area stretches from High River in southern Alberta, northward through Calgary, through Red Deer to Lacombe and then westward to Rocky Mountain House.
 It is known to be one of the worst areas in the world for damaging hail produced by thunderstorms.
 These are regarded as loose boundaries.
 While this area is common for damaging hailstorms, the reality is damaging hailstorms occur over much of central and southern Alberta every summer.
 The City of Calgary is regarded as the hailstorm capital of Canada.
The Alberta Hail Project was a research project sponsored by the Alberta Research Council and Environment Canada to study hailstorm physics and dynamics in order to design and test means for suppressing hail.
 It ran from 1956 until 1985.
 The main instrument in this research was an S-band circularly polarized weather radar located at the Red Deer Industrial Airport in central Alberta, Canada.
