Petri Kuljuntausta is a Finnish composer, musician, sound artist and author of three books on electronic music and sound art.
 Since the 1990s he has belonged to a new generation of composers in Finland interested in experimental and electronic music.
This is a list of sound artists.
 Sound art is a diverse group of art practices that considers wide notions of sound, listening and hearing as its predominant focus.
 There is contention as to which artists are “sound artists” or if another category might be more accurate such as experimental music, electronic music, sound installation, circuit bending, sound sculpture, builder of experimental musical instruments, noise music, acoustic ecology, sound poetry, installation art, performance art or Fluxus.
Experimental hip hop, also known as abstract hip hop, is a genre of hip hop that employs structural elements typically considered unconventional in traditional hip hop music.
 Some notable experimental hip hop record labels include Definitive Jux, Anticon, Big Dada and Ninja Tune.
 While most experimental hip hop incorporates turntablism and is produced electronically, some artists have introduced acoustic elements to the music to facilitate it being performed live.
Ines Reingold-Tali, known by her stage names Inéz, Inèz or Inez, is an Estonian new media artist, musician, composer and writer on sound art, noise, electronic music, glitch and digital culture.
 She lives and works in Finland.
 Since mid-1990's she has belonged to a new generation of composers in Finland interested in experimental interdisciplinary art projects and electronic music.
 Her repertoire includes electroacoustic chamber music, experimental, electronic and film music.
 She has been engaged in commissioned projects in the fields of electroacoustic, contemporary chamber music and experimental music, in different audiovisual art projects, video art, poetry, performance, theater, short films and radio-art.
 Her compositions have been broadcast internationally on various radio stations and television channels in many European countries, Australia, Canada and the USA.
 Her works have been published on solo-albums and international compilations by various labels, incl.
 K-tel International, FG Music/Naxos, YOCOMA, YAP and Charm of Sound.
 She has been nominated to participate in various international festivals, exhibitions and conferences, Florence Biennale (Biennale Internazionale dell’arte Contemporânea di Firenze) 2007 in Italy, LACDA International Juried Competition Winners Show (award) at the Los Angeles Center for Digital Art in USA 2007, 30e Festival International des Musiques Syntheses 2000 in France and international conferences on musicology, among others.
Sixtoo was the main project of a Canadian underground hip hop DJ, producer and rapper Vaughn Robert Squire between 1996 and 2007.
 He has since retired the Sixtoo name pursuing other directions in electronic music, with a large genre shift from experimental hip hop to deeper club sounds of various tempos.
 He is also known as C.L. S.C.A.R.R., Speakerbruiser Rob, and Prison Garde.
and/OAR is an independent record label, based in Seattle, Washington, USA.
 It was founded by Dale Lloyd in 2001, but officially launched in May 2002.
 The label focuses on raising awareness about field recordings and experimental sound art that somehow utilizes field recording as part of the creative process.
 From 2001 to 2005, and/OAR released field recording compilations for Phonography.org a website and international discussion forum pertaining to all aspects of the "art of field recording".
 As of December 2014, it has issued over 70 releases on CD and CD-R formats.
 From 2008 to 2010, free MP3 releases were made available through the website, but this format has since been discontinued.
Beautiful Eulogy is a Christian experimental hip hop group and production team from Portland, Oregon, signed to the label Humble Beast.
 Composed of rappers Braille and Odd Thomas and producer Courtland Urbano, the group coalesced in 2011 while the three artists were involved in the creation of Braille's seventh release, "Native Lungs".
 Known for its experimental and eclectic sound, the group melds myriad styles of hip hop with genres such as folk, electronic, hymn tunes, and modern worship music.
 After contributing a song to the charity compilation "King Kulture" and making a guest appearance on Lecrae's "Church Clothes", the band released its debut album, "Satellite Kite", on June 19, 2012.
 A second album, "Instruments of Mercy", came out on October 29, 2013.
 Called one of the most innovative hip hop groups in Portland, Beautiful Eulogy has met with critical acclaim, with particular praise directed at the group's creative, unconventional sound and deep theological lyrics.
Hip hop or hip-hop is a subculture and art movement developed in South Bronx in New York City during the late 1970s.
 While people unfamiliar with hip hop culture often use the expression "hip hop" to refer exclusively to hip hop music (also called "rap"), Hip hop is characterized by nine distinct elements or expressive realms, of which hip hop music is only four elements (rapping, djaying, beatboxing and breaking).
 Afrika Bambaataa of the hip hop collective Zulu Nation outlined the pillars of hip hop culture, coining the terms: "rapping" (also called MCing or emceeing), a rhythmic vocal rhyming style (orality); DJing (and turntablism), which is making music with record players and DJ mixers (aural/sound and music creation); b-boying/b-girling/breakdancing (movement/dance); and graffiti art, which he called "aerosol writin'", although many say that the graffiti that hip hop adopted had been around years earlier, and had nothing to do with hip hop culture.
 (visual art).
 Other elements of hip hop subculture and arts movements beyond the main four are: hip hop culture and historical knowledge of the movement (intellectual/philosophical); beatboxing, a percussive vocal style; street entrepreneurship; hip hop language; and hip hop fashion and style, among others.
Lloyd John Dunn (born November 10, 1957 in Harlan, Iowa, USA) is a founding member of the mixed-media and experimental sound art group the Tape-beatles and founder, publisher and editor of several small-press magazines, such as PhotoStatic and Retrofuturism.
 Since the early 1980s, he has been making work for a variety of media, including film, video, audio, print, and the web.
Cyclic Defrost is an Australian specialist electronic music magazine.
 It was founded and edited by Sebastian Chan, with current editors Bob Baker Fish, Chris Downton and Peter Hollo.
 It covers independent electronic music, avant-rock, experimental sound art and left field hip hop.
