The TTÜ Sports Hall (Estonian: "TTÜ spordihoone" ) is a multi-purpose indoor arena complex in Mustamäe, Tallinn.
 It was opened in 1975 and renovated in 2001.
 It is the current home arena of the Estonian Basketball League team TTÜ KK.
Borås Ishall is an indoor arena located in Borås, Sweden.
 It is Borås HC's current home arena and has a capacity of 3,700 spectators.
The Valga Sports Hall (Estonian: "Valga Spordihoone" ) is a multi-purpose indoor arena complex in Valga.
 It was opened in 2005 and is the current home arena of the Estonian Basketball League team BC Valga.
The Pärnu Sports Hall (Estonian: "Pärnu Spordihall" ) is a multi-purpose indoor arena complex in Pärnu.
 The hall was opened in 2009 and is the current home arena of the Korvpalli Meistriliiga team KK Pärnu and the Baltic Volleyball League team Pärnu VK.
The Audentes Sports Centre (Estonian: "Audentese Spordikeskus" ) is a multi-purpose indoor arena complex in Tallinn.
 It is the current home arena of the Estonian Basketball League team Audentes/Noortekoondis.
The Bell Sensplex is a four-pad ice facility, located in the city of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
 It is the primary practice facility of the Ottawa Senators NHL team.
 In a partnership with the City of Ottawa, it is also used for minor hockey and hosts the annual Bell Capital Cup ice hockey tournament.
 The Sensplex is located at 1565 Maple Grove Road in the Kanata district of Ottawa.
 It is also the home arena for the Ottawa Senators of the Canadian Women's Hockey League.
The 1917–18 Toronto Hockey Club season was the first season of the new "Toronto" franchise in the newly organized National Hockey League (NHL).
 The team was intended as a 'temporary' franchise, operating without an official club nickname (the press would dub them the "Blue Shirts" or "Torontos", and in 1948 the NHL would engrave "Toronto Arenas" on the Stanley Cup as the 1917–18 winner) and without a formal organization separate from the Toronto Arena Company that managed the Arena Gardens.
 Despite this, the team came together to win the first NHL Championship, competing against existing teams that had transferred directly from the National Hockey Association (NHA).
 Toronto would go on to win the Stanley Cup by defeating the Pacific Coast Hockey Association champion Vancouver Millionaires – the first Stanley Cup for an NHL team and the second Cup for a Toronto team after the Toronto Blueshirts' victory in the 1913–14 season of the NHA.
The Sadolin Sports Hall (Estonian: "Sadolin Spordihoone" ) is a multi-purpose indoor arena complex in Rapla.
 It was opened in 2010 and is the current home arena of the Estonian Basketball League team Rapla KK.
The Denver Avalanche was an American soccer team based out of Denver, Colorado that played in the Major Indoor Soccer League from 1980 to 1982.
 Their home arena was McNichols Sports Arena.
 They should not be confused with the state's current NHL team, the Colorado Avalanche.
Matthews Arena, located in Boston, Massachusetts, is a basketball and ice hockey arena.
 Renovated several times, it is the oldest indoor ice hockey arena still being used for hockey — and is the oldest multi-purpose athletic building still in use in the world.
 It opened in 1910 on what is now the east end of Northeastern University's campus, and is currently owned by the university.
 It is the original home of the National Hockey League (NHL) Boston Bruins — the only team of the NHL's Original Six whose original home arena still exists for the sport of ice hockey at any level of competition — and the WHA New England Whalers (now the NHL Carolina Hurricanes), as well as the secondary home of the NBA Boston Celtics.
