Rabidosa hentzi is a small species of wolf spider found in North America.
 Most identified specimens were found in Florida, though some have been found in Georgia and Louisiana.
 Its color is like that of "Rabidosa carrana" or "Rabidosa rabida", but it is distinguished from other "Rabidosa" species by its paler color and distinct striped pattern on its back.
 The cephalothorax is a pale brown-yellow color.
 Between these is a narrower bright yellow to white streak that extends past the eyes.
 The sternum and abdomen are both pale, though the upper sides are streaked and spotted with brown markings.
 The eyes are on a black band that extends back, fading into the pale brown.
 The spermathecae are round and the palea of the pedipalp has a sclerotized cap.
 Males and females have a similar face and chelicera, though that of males is usually lighter brown.
 Males will generally have fewer lateral brown markings on the abdomen than females.
 In the field, it can be distinguished from similar looking species by the thin yellow stripe on its back.
 Though usually a ground-dweller, due to scopula hairs on the tarsi and metatarsi, it can sometimes climb into shrubs and bushes.
 It is the only wolf spider that climbs up into the higher vegetation in open woodland.
Scopula decolor is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 It was described by Staudinger in 1898.
 It is found in Spain, Portugal and Italy and on Cyprus and Sardinia.
 It is also found in North Africa, including the type location of Algeria.
Scopula lactaria is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 It was described by Walker in 1861.
 It is found in Africa south of the Sahara and on some islands of the Indian Ocean (Sokotra and Réunion).
 It can be distinguished from Scopula minorata only by genitalia examination.
Scopula minorata is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 It was described by Boisduval in 1833.
 It is found in Africa south of the Sahara, the Arabian peninsula and on the islands of the Indian Ocean.
 Furthermore, it is found in southern Europe.
 It can be distinguished from "Scopula lactaria" only by genitalia examination.
Scopula rubiginata, the tawny wave, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 It is found from the Iberian Peninsula up to the Ural.
 In the North its range extends to Denmark and Southern Sweden and Finland.
 It is not present in most of the southern part of the Iberian Peninsula (with the exception of Gibraltar), Sicily and the southern Greek islands.
 In Morocco it is found in the Atlas mountains.
 Furthermore, it is also present in North Turkey, the Caucasus and the Crimea.
 Eastwards, its range stretches through southern Siberia, the northern central Asian mountains up to Mongolia.
Scopula ternata, the smoky wave, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 It was described by Schrank in 1802.
 It is mainly found in Northern and parts of Central Europe and in isolated populations in Southern and South-Eastern Europe.
 Its western range is Eastern France, Eastern Belgium and Scotland, with an isolated population in the Pyrenees.
 In the North its range extends to the polar regions and in the South it is found up to the Alps.
 Its Eastern range extends through Central and North Russia up to the Ural, through Siberia up to the Yenisei River.
Scopula actuaria is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 It was described by Walker in 1861.
 It is found throughout the Oriental tropics of India, Sri Lanka, from Afghanistan and Taiwan to the southern Moluccas and Timor.
 It is also found on the Chagos Archipelago.
Scopula turbidaria is a species of moth in the family Geometridae.
 It is found in France, Spain and Portugal.
 It is also found in North Africa (including Morocco).
Scopula nucleata is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 It is found in Ghana, Nigeria, Sierra Leone and on São Tomé.
Scopula vacuata is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 It is found on Borneo.
 The habitat consists of lowland forests but it can occur as high as 1,000 metres in the lower montane forest zone.
 The species is often found in softwood plantations and secondary forests in lowland Sabah.
