Theme Park Inc. (also known as SimCoaster in the United States and Theme Park Manager in Australia) is a construction and management simulation video game.
 It is the last game of the Theme Park series that started with "Theme Park" in 1994 and continued with "Theme Park World" in 1999.
 "Theme Park Inc." was developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts.
 It was the last game to bear the Bullfrog logo before the company's merger with EA UK in 2004.
Theme Park World, also known as Theme Park 2, and in North America as Sim Theme Park, is a 1999 construction and management simulation game developed by Bullfrog Productions and released by Electronic Arts.
 The direct sequel to "Theme Park" ("Theme Hospital" and "Theme Aquarium" are thematic sequels), the player constructs and manages an amusement park with the aim of making profit and keeping visitors happy.
 Initially developed for Windows, it was ported to PlayStation and PlayStation 2 (whose version was titled Theme Park Roller Coaster in North America), as well for Macintosh computers.
 The Mac version was published by Feral Interactive.
Tokyo DisneySea (東京ディズニーシー , Tōkyō DizunīShī ) is a 176 acre theme park at the Tokyo Disney Resort located in Urayasu, Chiba, Japan, just outside Tokyo.
 It opened on 4 September 2001, at a cost of 335 billion yen.
 Owned by The Oriental Land Company, which licenses Disney characters and themes from The Walt Disney Company, Tokyo DisneySea attracted an estimated 11 million visitors in 2016, making it the sixth-most-visited theme park in the world.
 Tokyo DisneySea was the second theme park to open at the Tokyo Disney Resort and the ninth park of the twelve worldwide Disney theme parks to open.
 Tokyo DisneySea was the fastest theme park in the world to reach the milestone of 10 million guests, having done so in 307 days after its grand opening.
 The previous record-holder was Universal Studios Japan 338 days after its opening.
Rollercoaster Mania is a theme park game for Facebook.
 It is developed by Noisy Duck and published by the 6waves.
 It is currently the 22nd fastest-growing Facebook game by MAU with user figures up by 130,000 to 580,000 in a week which means a gain of 35%.
 It is based on the 1994 PC game Theme Park on iOS developed by EA and so is likely to appeal to its fans.
 It has almost exactly the same aesthetic, though its rearranged to focus on social play.
Castle Park, formerly Castle Amusement Park, is a 25-acre amusement park and family amusement center located in Riverside, California.
 The park utilizes a medieval "castle" theme and includes attractions such as a miniature golf course, arcade, and 27 amusement rides including three roller coasters such as "Merlin's Revenge", a junior rollercoaster, "Screamin' Demon" a spinning Wild Mouse rollercoaster, and "Little Dipper", a children's rollercoaster.
 The main "castle" themed building, houses the arcade as well as its only dark ride; "Ghost Blasters", an interactive attraction, designed by Sally Corporation, which can also be found at other amusement parks throughout North America.
 The park was designed, built and operated by Bud Hurlbut, who designed several rides at Knott's Berry Farm.
 Castle Park is currently owned and operated by Palace Entertainment.
Paultons Family Theme Park | Home of Peppa Pig World is located in the village of Ower, near Romsey, in Hampshire, England.
 The theme park has 70 rides and attractions.
 The Peppa Pig World theme park area is based on the children’s television series character.
 The Lost Kingdom theme park area includes 27 animatronic dinosaurs.
 The park name is derived from the former Paultons Estate, on which the park is situated.
 The park covers 140 acres of land and features a collection of around 80 species of birds and animals, in addition to the rides.
 Most of the theme park rides are designed for children, which is why the park considers itself a family theme park.
The Pittsburgh Phantoms were a professional roller hockey team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States that played in Roller Hockey International.
 The team got its name from the "Steel Phantom" rollercoaster, located at Kennywood Park, a theme park located in the suburb of West Mifflin, Pennsylvania.
 At the time of the team's inception the Phantom was the tallest and fastest steel rollercoaster in the world.
 The logo was heavily inspired by the roller coaster's logo seen at the entrance to the ride.
The boardwalk-themed launched roller coaster was designed by Ingenieur Büro Stengel GmbH and was built by Intamin.
 California Screamin' is the eighth-longest rollercoaster in the world (and third-longest steel coaster in the United States), at 6072 ft long.
 It is also the longest ride with an inversion (since Son of Beast became defunct).
 Its highest point is 120 ft followed by a 108 ft drop.
 Though built of steel, the structure as designed visually mimics the features of a wooden coaster.
RollerCoaster Tycoon World is a theme park construction and management simulation video game developed by Nvizzio Creations and published by Atari for Microsoft Windows.
 It is the fourth major installment in the "RollerCoaster Tycoon" series.
 The game was released on November 16, 2016.
Gulliver's Kingdom (also known as Gulliver's Matlock Bath) is a theme park aimed at children aged 3 to 13 in the Derbyshire town of Matlock Bath, England.
 Founded in 1978 by Ray Phillips, it is still owned by the Phillips family and now has sister theme parks; Gulliver's World in Warrington and Gulliver's Land in Milton Keynes, which opened in 1989 and 1999 respectively.
 The park was originally created by Ray Phillips as a model village for his young children to enjoy, and it is close to the site of the Victorian Switchback rollercoaster ride (after which the theme park's main rollercoaster was named).
