Divya S. Menon (born 14 March 1987) is an Indian singer and television anchor from Kerala.
 Divya is a playback singer in Malayalam who has also recorded songs for Tamil and Telugu films.
 Divya started anchoring musical shows in Asianet Cable Vision (Thrissur) and has done musical shows in YesIndiavision(Mementos) and Kairali Channels(Ganamela, Sing 'N' Win and Rain drops).
 She started her film career with Ee Pattanathil Bhootham.
 She was noticed by Shaan Rahman while anchoring music shows and picked her for Vineeth Sreenivasan - Shaan Rahman debut album, Coffee @ MG Road.
 She is associated with Blogswara and have sung in multiple albums in the series.
 Divya has sung in Vineeth Sreenivasan's super hit romantic movie, Thattathin Marayathu composed by Shaan Rahman.
 She has been associated with Vineeth - Shaan ventures, including Malarvadi Arts Club.
 In 2014 the hit wedding song "Thudakkham Maangalyam" from Anjali Menon's Bangalore Days gave her much popularity which she sang along with along with Vijay Yesudas and Sachin Warrier composed by Gopi Sunder.
 In 2015 Divya was noticed more promptly when she sang the song "Puthumazhayai" from Martin Prakkat's Charlie (2015 Malayalam film) composed by Gopi Sundar while the same song was sung by Shreya Ghoshal too.
 She also sang several ad jingles for various music composers both in Malayalam and Tamil.
William Michael Connolley (born 12 April 1964) is a British software engineer, writer, and blogger on climatology.
 Until December 2007 he was Senior Scientific Officer in the Physical Sciences Division in the Antarctic Climate and the Earth System project at the British Antarctic Survey, where he worked as a climate modeller.
 After this he became a software engineer for Cambridge Silicon Radio.
Kanave Kalayathe (English: Dreams Never Disappear ) is an album sung by Sachin Warrier starring Leon Poulose, Swetha Raj, Akash Thomas, NeethuKrishna VR, Christy Vazhapilly and Althaf.
 The soundtrack was composed by Abee Joe.
 It was produced by Nidhinsha and distriburted by Muzik247.
 The music video is directed by Deen Shifaz and Ashith wilson.
"Muthuchippy Poloru" is a Malayalam song composed by Shaan Rahman that featured in the film "Thattathin Marayathu".
 Written by Anu Elizabeth Jose.
 It was sung by Sachin Warrier and actress Remya Nambeesan.
 The song was one of the most popular Malayalam songs of 2012 and won several awards.
 It was later reused in the Telugu remake of "Thattathin Marayathu", "Saheba Subramanyam", as "Muddu Muddu".
Sachin Warrier is a playback singer and composer in the Malayalam cinema industry from Kerala.
 He became notable with the song "Muthuchippi Poloru" from the film Thattathin Marayathu.
 He made his debut with the movie Malarvaadi Arts Club.
 He was working as a software engineer in Tata Consultancy Services in Kochi.
 Later he resigned from the job to concentrate more on music.
 His latest work is as a composer for the movie Aanandam.
Alec David Edward Muffett (born April 22, 1968) is an Anglo-American internet-security evangelist, architect, and software engineer.
 He is principally known for his work on Crack, the original Unix password cracker, and for the CrackLib password-integrity testing library; he is also active in the Open Source software community.
 He worked as a Software Engineer for Facebook.
Wes McKinney is an American statistician, data scientist and businessman.
 He was the CEO and founder of technology startup Datapad.
 He is the main author of the open-source Pandas package for data analysis in the Python programming language, and has also written the textbook "Python for Data Analysis" on the topic.
 He worked as a software engineer for Cloudera following their acquisition of Datapad in 2014.
 He is now a software engineer at Two Sigma Investments.
Sachin Bansal (born 5 August 1981) is an Indian Software engineer and Internet entrepreneur known for co-founding India's e-commerce platform Flipkart.
 Sachin is from Chandigarh and is an engineering graduate from Indian Institute of Technology Delhi.
A lead programmer is a software engineer in charge of one or more software projects.
 Alternative titles include "development lead", "technical lead", "lead software engineer", "software design engineer lead" (SDE lead), "software development manager", "software manager", or "lead application developer".
 When primarily contributing in a high-level enterprise software design role, the title "software architect" (or similar) is often used.
Kazushige Gotō (後藤和茂 , Gotō Kazushige ) is a software engineer specializing in high performance, hand-written, machine code.
 He was a research associate at the Texas Advanced Computing Center at the University of Texas at Austin when he famously hand-optimized assembly routines for supercomputing and PC platforms that outperform the best compiler generated code.
 Several of the fastest supercomputers in the world still use his implementation of the Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms (BLAS) known as GotoBLAS.
 He joined Microsoft's Technical Computing Group in 2010 with the title of Senior Researcher.
 In July 2012 he joined Intel with the title of Software Engineer.
 He continues to write hand-optimized machine code, utilizing detailed knowledge of the architecture to which he has access.
