The Niels Bohr International Gold Medal is an international engineering award.
 It has been awarded since 1955 for "outstanding work by an engineer or physicist for the peaceful utilization of atomic energy".
 The medal is administered by the Danish Society of Engineers (Denmark) in collaboration with the Niels Bohr Institute and the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences.
 It was awarded 10 times between 1955 and 1982 and again in 2013.
 The first recipient was Niels Bohr himself who received the medal in connection with his 70th birthday.
Before founding the Complexity Science Group at the University of Calgary, she held appointments at numerous institutions around the world, most notably, M.I.T., Brookhaven National Laboratory, the Niels Bohr Institute (Copenhagen, Denmark), the University of Houston, NORDITA (Copenhagen, Denmark), Imperial College London, the von Neumann Institute for Computing at Forschungszentrum Jülich, and the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics, where she organized and ran the first complex systems and statistical physics program.
 Paczuski was married to the late Danish theoretical physicist Per Bak, with whom she has coauthored papers.
Benny Lautrup (born June 25, 1939) is a professor in theoretical physics at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen.
 He has during his career worked at Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics (Denmark), Brookhaven National Laboratory (USA), CERN (Switzerland), og Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques (France).
 He is known for his part in the Nakanishi-Lautrup formalism, a concept in relativistic quantum field theory.
Andrzej Jerzy Buras (born 26 October 1946 in Warsaw, Poland) is a theoretical physicist, professor emeritus at the Technical University Munich (TUM).
 He received his master's degree in theoretical physics at the Warsaw University in 1971, and emigrated to Denmark in the same year.
 One year later, he received his PhD at the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen.
 He then worked as a post-doctoral fellow at the Niels Bohr Institute until 1975.
 After a fellowship in the CERN theory group from 1975-1977 he was first a visitor and then a staff member in the Fermilab theory group from 1977 till 1982.
 He then became staff member of the Max Planck Institute for Physics in Munich (1982-1988).
 In 1988 finally he was appointed full professor in the Physics Department of the TUM.
 After his retirement in 2012 he moved to the TUM Institute for Advanced Study where he is leading the focus group 'Fundamental Physics'.
Claudio Pellegrini (born in Rome on May 9, 1935) is an Italian physicist known for his pioneering work on X-ray free electron lasers and collective effects in relativistic particle beams.
 He was educated at the Sapienza University of Rome where he received the Laurea in Fisica "summa cum laude" in 1958 and the Libera Docenza, in 1965.
 From 1958 to 1978, he worked at the Laboratori Nazionali di Frascati for high energy and nuclear physics.
 In the early 1960s, he was at the Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics (NORDITA) in Copenhagen, working on an alternative formulation of the theory of general relativity using tetrad fields to obtain, among other things, a better description of the energy-momentum complex.
 (See "Teleparallelism" for a summary of the theoretical context of this work.)
 In 1978, he moved to the United States and began work at Brookhaven National Laboratory, where he was an Associate Chairman of the National Synchrotron Light Source and co-director at the Center for Accelerator Physics.
 In 1989, he accepted an appointment at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) as a professor of physics, and later became a Distinguished Professor.
Katherine Freese, a theoretical astrophysicist, is the George Eugene Uhlenbeck Collegiate Professor of Physics at the University of Michigan.
 Starting in September 2014, she assumed the position of Director of Nordita, the Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics, in Stockholm, and holds a position as Visiting Professor of Physics at Stockholm University.
 She is known for her work in theoretical cosmology at the interface of particle physics and astrophysics.
David Jonathan Gross ( ; born February 19, 1941) is an American theoretical physicist and string theorist.
 Along with Frank Wilczek and David Politzer, he was awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physics for their discovery of asymptotic freedom.
 David Gross is the Chancellor’s Chair Professor of Theoretical Physics at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics of the University of California, Santa Barbara, and was formerly the KITP director and holder of their Frederick W. Gluck Chair in Theoretical Physics .
 He is also a faculty member in the UC Santa Barbara Physics Department and is currently affiliated with the Institute for Quantum Studies at Chapman University in California.
 He is a foreign member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
The Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics, or Nordita (Danish: "Nordisk Institut for Teoretisk (Atom)fysik" ), is an international organisation for research in theoretical physics.
 It was established in 1957 by Niels Bohr and the Swedish minister Torsten Gustafsson.
 Nordita was originally located at the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen (Denmark), but moved to the AlbaNova University Centre in Stockholm (Sweden) on 1 January 2007.
 The main research areas at Nordita are astrophysics, hard and soft condensed matter physics, and high-energy physics.
Per Vilhelm Brüel (March 6, 1915 – April 2, 2015) was a Danish physicist and engineer who pioneered and made fundamental contributions to the development of the physics of sound and vibration.
 He also formed and founded the world's largest manufacturer and supplier of sound and vibration measurement equipment, systems and solutions, Brüel & Kjær.
 Brüel was a close friend of Niels Bohr, and despite danger Brüel traveled from Sweden to Denmark during the German occupation with important documents of Bohr's work.
Niels Henrik David Bohr (] ; 7 October 1885 – 18 November 1962) was a Danish physicist who made foundational contributions to understanding atomic structure and quantum theory, for which he received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1922.
 Bohr was also a philosopher and a promoter of scientific research.
