The Zane Grey Estate is a National Register of Historic Places structure (site #02001187) in Altadena, California.
 It was placed on the Register in 2002 for its association with author Zane Grey.
Nalini Prava Deka (11 March 1944 – 15 June 2014) was an Assamese-language author, poet, storyteller, actress and playwright from Assam, a state encompassing the Brahmaputra Valley in India.
 She was honoured at a 2012 gathering in Ledo by the Assam Sahitya Sabha (Assam Literary Society).
 Deka promoted Assamese heritage, traditional customs, weaving and fabric art, cooking and folk music with her husband, Bhabananda Deka.
 They researched traditional Assamese lifestyle, art, literature and culture.
 Deka was the first female editor and publisher of a children's magazine, "Phul" ("Flower"), and wrote 30 critically praised books.
 All India Radio broadcast Deka's radio plays on issues related to women and children.
<br>
The Zane Grey Museum in Lackawaxen Township, Pennsylvania, United States, is a former residence of the author Zane Grey and is now maintained as a museum and operated by the National Park Service (NPS).
 It is located on the upper Delaware River and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 It contains many photographs, artworks, books, furnishings, and other objects of interest associated with Grey and his family.
Popular British poet, novelist, blogger and environmentalist Tess Joyce during her visit to Brahmaputra valley in Assam for working in a techno-environmental project observed utter lack of environmental awareness and concern for the wellness of Brahmaputra river by the riverine people who settled down on both the banks of the river in the entire valley.
 She discussed this serious issue with famous environmental engineer, popular short-story writer, novelist, actor and poet Arnab Jan Deka, and he agreed to launch the campaign "Save the Brahmaputra River" under the NGO headed by himself "Assam Foundation-India", wherein later on "Principal Bhabananda Deka Foundation" joined as partner charity.
 They both framed the primary objectives of the campaign project, and received generous support from the general body members of the Foundation.
Prof Bhabananda Deka (Assamese:ভৱানন্দ ডেকা) (19 August 1929 – 4 December 2006) has been acknowledged as the pioneer Assam economist and author, who conducted path-breaking research for the very first time on the economy of the far eastern part of India.
 He was also a leading Indian-Assamese litterateur of the famed 'Awahon-Ramdhenu Era' of Assamese literature during the mid-20th century.
 He was the author of a total of 115 English and Assamese books including textbooks on a range of fifteen subjects including economics, ancient Assamese literature, philosophy, education, religion, mythology, archaeology, tribal study, poetry, drama, memoirs, civics, political science, biographies; he also edited books and journals.
 He also authored a variety of research papers and articles about the state of Assam, a state in the north-eastern part of India.
 He pioneered the writing of books on Economics in Assamese.
 His Assamese book "Axomor Arthaneeti" was the first ever research-based comprehensive book on Assam Economics, which was published for the first time in 1963.
 Until this book on Assam Economics was published, there was hardly any comprehensive research-based material available on this crucial topic.
 Because of his monumental social and intellectual contributions to Assam, he had been conferred with the honorary title of 'Asom Ratna' -- 'Jewel of Assam' by the intellectuals of Assam on 19 August 2007 at a public meet held under the presidency of Prof. (Dr) Satyendra Narayan Goswami.
Pearl Zane Grey (January 31, 1872 – October 23, 1939) was an American dentist and author best known for his popular adventure novels and stories associated with the Western genre in literature and the arts; he idealized the American frontier. "
Riders of the Purple Sage" (1912) was his best-selling book.
 In addition to the commercial success of his printed works, they had second lives and continuing influence when adapted as films and television productions.
 His novels and short stories have been adapted into 112 films, two television episodes, and a television series, "Dick Powell's Zane Grey Theater".
The Zane Grey Cabin on the Rogue River in Oregon is a cabin built in 1926 by Zane Grey (1872–1939), the master author of the American West.
 Grey used it as a frequent retreat until 1935.
Romer Zane Grey (October 1, 1909 - March 8, 1976) was the eldest son of novelist Zane Grey.
 Romer was born October 1, 1909 at Lackawaxen, Penn.
 Zane and Dolly Grey had three children: Romer, Betty, and Loren.
 Romer was named after an uncle Romer Carl Grey, known as Reddy Grey.
Timeless is a multilingual album by Assamese musician Jim Ankan Deka.
 The album was recorded in 2012.
 The CD contains seven tracks while the digital version has only five tracks.
 The album is a tribute to Indian music maestros Dr. Bhupen Hazarika and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, writer Bhabananda Deka and the National anthem of India.
The Economy of Assam is largely agriculture based with 69% of the population engaged in it.
 Principal Bhabananda Deka was the first Assamese Economist and Research Scholar to initiate formal extensive research on economy of Assam for five centuries right from the time of Srimanta Sankardev.
 His research based book "Asomor Arthaneeti"(Economy of Assam) is acknowledged as the first ever research based Assamese book on Assam Economics.
 The first edition of this historic milestone book was published in 1963.
 Over the years, he authored 115(one hundred fifteen) books encompassing economics, heritage, tribal studies and ancient literature of Assam.
 All the present scholars, teachers and students of economics in Assam read and refer to his books on economics, and follow in the path shown by him till his day of death on 4 December 2006.
 A documentary film "Golden Jubilee of Assam Economics Research & Pioneer Assam Economist-Litterateur" was officially released in 2014 commemorating completion of 50 years of publication of first Assamese book on economy of Assam by the pioneer Assam economist Principal Bhabananda Deka.
