The musical bow (bowstring or string bow) is a simple string musical instrument part of a number of South African cultures, also found in other places in the world through the result of slave trade.
 It consists of a flexible, usually wooden, stick 1.5 to 10 feet (0.5 to 3 m) long, and strung end to end with a taut cord, usually metal.
 It can be played with the hands or a wooden stick or branch.
 Often, it is a normal archery bow used for music.
Ahardin is a musical bow played by southern Tuaregs consists of a curved branch held with a twisted rope of raw leather or bark of acacia.
 Serving as a sound box, a reversed calabash is placed on the curved part of the bow on the ground.
 To hold the whole, the player presses her knee on the container.
 With the fingers of the left hand, as with the imzad, she defines the melody, while with the thumb and forefinger of the right hand, she grip the string with a regular gesture vibrate.
 At present, the ahardin, an instrument whose manufacture is easily improvised, is considered above all as a game of girls.
The ground-bow or a earth-bow is a single-string bow-shaped folk musical instrument, classified as a chordophone.
 It is known in cultures of equatorial and south Africa, and in other cultures with African roots.
 It consists of a flexible stick planted into the ground (possibly a stripped sapling or a branch), with a string from its free end to a resonator of some kind based on a pit in the ground.
 It looks like a game trap or a child toy, therefore its distribution over Africa used to be overlooked.
 Hornbostel (1933) classified is in the category of harps, although it has combined characteristics of a harp and a musical bow.
The malunga is a single-stringed musical bow played by the Siddi of India, who are the descendants of East African immigrants.
 It produces two tones, an octave apart, and the knuckle of the hand supporting the instrument may also presses against the string to vary the pitch.
 It is struck with a stick and, as with the "berimbau" of Brazil, the hand holding the stick also holds a rattle (in the case of the "malunga" the rattle, called "mai misra").
 The "malunga" has a gourd resonator which amplifies the instrument's sound.
 The placement of this rattle along the string also varies the pitch produced by the Malunga.
The belembaotuyan is a musical bow played in Guam, also spelled "belumbaotuyan", "belenbaotuchan", and "belimbau-tuyan".
 This gourd-resonating musical bow likely has common roots with the Brazilian berimbau, due to constant trade between Asia and South America in the nineteenth century, during which the instrument may have been introduced to the Chamorro people.
Two types of musical bow are common in Latvia: the "spēles" and the "pūšļa vijole".
The umuduri is a Burundian and Rwandan stringed instrument.
 It is a musical bow consisting of a string supported by a flexible wooden string bearer or bow that is 125–135 cm in length.
 The string is traditionally made from plant fiber and animal gut, however, metal wire is becoming widespread.
The quijongo is a type of musical bow used by the indigenous peoples of Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
 In some countries, such as El Salvador, it is known as the carimba.
 It was probably used by the indigenous Chorotega people of Nicoya.
The berimbau (] ) is a single-string percussion instrument, a musical bow, from Brazil.
 Originally from Africa where it receives different names, the berimbau was eventually incorporated into the practice of the Afro-Brazilian martial art "capoeira", the berimbau (the soul of capoeira) leads the capoeiristas movement in the "roda"—the faster the berimbau is playing the faster the capoeirista moves in the game.
 The instrument is known for being the subject matter of a popular song by Brazilian guitarist Baden Powell, with lyrics by Vinicius de Moraes.
 The instrument is also a part of Candomblé-de-caboclo tradition.
Maloya is one of the two major music genres of Réunion, usually sung in Réunion Creole, and traditionally accompanied by percussion and a musical bow.
 Maloya is a new form that has origins in the music of African and Malagasy slaves and Indian indentured workers on the island, as has the other folk music of Réunion, séga.
 World music journalists and non-specialist scholars sometimes compare maloya to the American music, the blues, though they have little in common.
 Unlike the blues, maloya was considered such a threat to the French state that in the 1970s it was banned.
