The Provisional Irish Republican Army (Provisional IRA) was an Irish republican paramilitary organization that sought to remove Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom and to bring about an independent socialist republic encompassing all of Ireland.
 It was the biggest and most active republican paramilitary group during the Troubles.
 It saw itself as the successor to the original IRA and called itself simply the Irish Republican Army (IRA), or "Óglaigh na hÉireann" in Irish, and was widely referred to as such by others.
The "Roman Legion" or Vlach "Roman Legion" or Vlach Legion (as it is mentioned in some cases in later bibliography) is the name used by the political and paramilitary organization created by Alcibiades Diamandi, a Vlach from Samarina who served as agent of Italy and Romania.
 Diamandi was active in the Greek regions of Thessaly and Macedonia during World War II, supporting the Italian and German occupation forces and promoting the creation of an autonomous Vlach state, envisioned as a "Principality of the Pindus", a name also used for a similar attempt in 1917, in which Diamanti had also been involved.
 Calling himself a leader and "Representative of the Vlachs of the Lower Balkans", Diamanti established a "Roman Legion" and helped the Italian forces in the collection of weapons that the Greeks had hidden after the surrender of the Greek Army.
 Diamanti left Greece by the summer of 1942 for Romania and Nicholas Matousis, a Vlach lawyer, already active as second-in-command, replaced him in the organization.
 Another important figure in the Legion was the Aromanian Vasil Rapotika (Vassilis Rapotikas) who was leading the paramilitary units.
 After action from several resistance groups in 1942 and the dynamic response of ELAS against members of the Legion, and the withdrawal of Italian forces, the Legion ceased to exist in September 1943, while Matousis fled to Athens.
The National Socialist Flyers Corps (German: "Nationalsozialistisches Fliegerkorps" ; NSFK) was a paramilitary organization of the Nazi Party that was founded April 15, 1937 as a successor to the German Air Sports Association; the latter had been active during the years when a German air force was forbidden by the Treaty of Versailles.
 The NSFK organization was based closely on the organization of the "Sturmabteilung" (SA) and maintained a system of paramilitary ranks closely associated with the SA.
 A similar group was the National Socialist Motor Corps.
 During the early years of its existence, the NSFK conducted military aviation training in gliders and private airplanes.
The Night of the Long Knives (German:    ), also called Operation Hummingbird (German: "Unternehmen Kolibri") or, in Germany, the Röhm Putsch (German spelling: "Röhm-Putsch" ), was a purge that took place in Nazi Germany from June 30 to July 2, 1934, when the Nazi regime carried out a series of political extrajudicial executions intended to consolidate Hitler's absolute hold on power in Germany.
 Many of those killed were leaders of the "Sturmabteilung" (SA), the Nazis' own paramilitary organization, colloquially known as the "Brownshirts" due to the color of their uniforms.
 The best-known victim of the purge was Ernst Röhm, the SA's leader and one of Hitler's longtime supporters and allies.
 Leading members of the left-wing Strasserist faction of the Nazi Party (NSDAP), along with its figurehead, Gregor Strasser, were also killed, as were establishment conservatives and anti-Nazis, such as former Chancellor Kurt von Schleicher and Bavarian politician Gustav Ritter von Kahr, who had suppressed Adolf Hitler's Munich Beer Hall Putsch in 1923.
 The murders of SA leaders were also intended to improve the image of the Hitler government with a German public that was increasingly critical of thuggish Brownshirt tactics.
National Socialist paramilitary ranks were pseudo-military titles which were used by the Nazis, represented by the Nazi Party, the National Socialist German Workers' Party ("Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei"; NSDAP), between the years of 1920 and 1945.
 Since the Nazi Party was by its very nature a paramilitary organization, by the time of the Second World War, several systems of paramilitary ranks had come into existence for both the Nazi Party itself and the various Nazi paramilitary organizations.
The Irgun (Hebrew: ארגון‎ ; full title: "Hā-ʾIrgun Ha-Tzvaʾī Ha-Leūmī b-Ērētz Yiśrāʾel ", lit.
 "The National Military Organization in the Land of Israel") was a Zionist paramilitary organization that operated in Mandate Palestine between 1931 and 1948.
 It was an offshoot of the older and larger Jewish paramilitary organization Haganah (Hebrew: , Defence).
 When the group broke from the Haganah it became known as the "Haganah Bet" (Hebrew: literally "Defense 'B' " or "Second Defense", ), or alternatively as haHaganah haLeumit (ההגנה הלאומית ) or Hama'amad ().
 Irgun members were absorbed into the Israel Defense Forces at the start of the 1948 Arab–Israeli war.
 The Irgun is also referred to as Etzel (), an acronym of the Hebrew initials, or by the abbreviation IZL.
During the Axis occupation of Greece between 1941 and 1944, large parts of the Albanian minority in the Thesprotia prefecture in Epirus, northwestern Greece, known as Chams (Albanian: "Çamë" , Greek: Τσάμηδες , "Tsamides") collaborated with the occupation forces.
 Fascist Italian as well as Nazi German propaganda promised that the region would be awarded to Albania (then in personal union with Italy) after the end of the war.
 As a result of this pro-Albanian approach, many Muslim Chams actively supported the Axis operations and committed a number of crimes against the local population both in Greece and Albania.
 Apart from the formation of a local administration and armed security battalions, a paramilitary organization named "Këshilla" and a resistance paramilitary group called "Balli Kombetar Cam" were operating in the region, manned by local Muslim Chams.
 The results were devastating: many Greek as well as Albanian citizens lost their lives and a great number of villages was burned and destroyed.
 With the retreat of the Axis forces in 1944, most of the Cham population fled to Albania and revenge attacks against the remaining Chams were carried out by Greek guerrillas and villagers.
 When the war ended, special courts on collaboration sentenced 2,106 Chams to death "in absentia".
 However, the war crimes remained unpunished since the criminals had already fled abroad.
 According to German historian Norbert Frei, the Muslim Cham minority is regarded as the "fourth occupation force" in Greece due to the collaborationist and criminal activities that large parts of the minority committed.
 According to the Lieutenant Colonel Palmer of the British Military Mission in Albania 2,000-3,000 collaborated in an organized manner, while a report of Pan-Epirotic EAM-Commission names 3,200 Cham collaborators.
The Schutzstaffel (SS; also stylized as with Armanen runes; ] ; literally "Protection Squadron") was a major paramilitary organization under Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party (NSDAP) in Nazi Germany, and later throughout German-occupied Europe during World War II.
 It began with a small guard unit known as the "Saal-Schutz" (Hall-Protection) made up of NSDAP volunteers to provide security for party meetings in Munich.
 In 1925, Heinrich Himmler joined the unit, which had by then been reformed and given its final name.
 Under his direction (1929–45), it grew from a small paramilitary formation to one of the most powerful organizations in Nazi Germany.
 From 1929 until the regime's collapse in 1945, the SS was the foremost agency of security, surveillance, and terror within Germany and German-occupied Europe.
Risiera di San Sabba (Slovene: "Rižarna" ) is a five-storey brick-built compound located in Trieste, northern Italy, that functioned during World War II as a Nazi concentration camp for the detention and killing of political prisoners, and a transit camp for Jews, most of whom were then deported to Auschwitz.
 SS members Odilo Globocnik and Karl Frenzel, and Ivan Marchenko are all said to have participated in the killings at this camp.
 The cremation facilities, the only ones built inside a concentration camp in Italy, were installed by Erwin Lambert.
 Today, the former concentration camp operates as a civic museum.
José Vicente Castaño Gil aka El Profe (born July 2, 1957) is a Colombian paramilitary former leader of the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia (AUC), a right-wing Colombian paramilitary organization.
 After demobilizing, he was accused of murdering his brother and former AUC leader Carlos Castaño and of narcotics trafficking by both the Colombian government and the government of the United States.
 In August 2004, the United States formally requested his extradition.
 Castaño remains, however, a fugitive and is the presumed chief of the criminal organization "Águilas Negras" made up of former AUC paramilitary members.
