The Great Locomotive Chase Festival is a three-day celebration held in remembering the Great Locomotive Chase of April 12, 1862.
 It is held the first weekend each October in the center of downtown Adairsville, GA.
 The festival has arts and crafts booths, historical exhibits, concerts, entertainment, carnival rides, and over 40 food booths.
 The Grand Parade and multiple pageants are held on Friday and Saturday, as well as street dances.
 Gospel singing takes place on Sunday afternoon.
 The festival was founded by the towns Principle Marion Lacey.
 The schools fall festival had been canceled due to funding issues.
 Mr. Lacey planned the festival in town to get the small businesses together and provide entertainment for the students each fall.
Western & Atlantic Railroad #3 "General" is a 4-4-0 "American" type steam locomotive built in 1855 by the Rogers, Ketchum & Grosvenor in Paterson, New Jersey for the Western & Atlantic Railroad, best known as the engine stolen by Union spies in the Great Locomotive Chase, an attempt to cripple the Confederate rail network during the American Civil War.
 Today, the locomotive is preserved at the Southern Museum of Civil War and Locomotive History in Kennesaw, Georgia, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Western & Atlantic Railroad #49 ""Texas"" is a 4-4-0 "American" type steam locomotive built in 1856 for the Western & Atlantic Railroad by Danforth, Cooke & Co., best known as the principal pursuit engine in the Great Locomotive Chase, chasing the "General" after the latter was stolen by Union saboteurs in an attempt to ruin the Confederate rail system during the American Civil War.
 The locomotive had been preserved at the Atlanta Cyclorama building within Grant Park in Atlanta, Georgia, and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
The General is a 1926 American silent comedy film released by United Artists.
 It was inspired by the Great Locomotive Chase, a true story of an event that occurred during the American Civil War.
 The story was adapted from the memoir "The Great Locomotive Chase" by William Pittenger.
 The film stars Buster Keaton who co-directed it with Clyde Bruckman.
Rogers Locomotive and Machine Works was a 19th-century manufacturer of railroad steam locomotives based in Paterson, in Passaic County, New Jersey, in the United States.
 It built more than six thousand steam locomotives for railroads around the world.
 Most railroads in 19th-century United States rostered at least one Rogers-built locomotive.
 The company's most famous product was a locomotive named "The General", built in December 1855, which was one of the principals of the Great Locomotive Chase of the American Civil War.
The Calhoun Depot was a railway station of the Western & Atlantic Railroad that was built by the State of Georgia during 1852-53 in Calhoun, Georgia.
 Unusual for railroads, the Western & Atlantic Railroad was owned and operated by a U.S. state.
 Calhoun is on its route built from Atlanta, Georgia to Chattanooga, Tennessee.
 Like other brick or stone depots on the line, the Calhoun Depot was involved in but survived the American Civil War.
 It was part of the Great Locomotive Chase.
Unidentified Flying Oddball (also known as The Spaceman and King Arthur and A Spaceman in King Arthur's Court) is a 1979 film adaptation of Mark Twain's "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court", directed by Russ Mayberry and produced by Walt Disney Productions.
 Subsequently re-released in the United States under the titles "The Spaceman and King Arthur" and "A Spaceman in King Arthur’s Court", the film starred Dennis Dugan as NASA employee Tom Trimble who unintentionally travels back in time with his look-alike android Hermes.
 Trimble’s NASA spacecraft travels faster than the speed of light, landing him and the android near King Arthur’s Camelot, where – with the aid of their 20th-century technology – they must defeat a plot by the evil Sir Mordred and Merlin to oust King Arthur from the throne.
Henry P. Haney (November 25, 1846 - November 19, 1923) was an American Last survivor of The Great Locomotive Chase during the American Civil War.
 He was a 15-year-old fireman on the "Texas", the locomotive used by the "General's" crew to pursue the "General" on the second half of the chase after it was stolen by the Andrews Raiders.
The Yonah was a type 4-4-0 steam locomotive that participated in the Great Locomotive Chase of the American Civil War.
The Great Locomotive Chase is a 1956 Walt Disney Productions CinemaScope adventure film based on the real Great Locomotive Chase that occurred in 1862 during the American Civil War.
 The film stars Fess Parker as James J. Andrews, the leader of a group of Union soldiers from various Ohio regiments who volunteered to go behind Confederate lines in civilian clothes, steal a Confederate train north of Atlanta, and drive it back to Union lines in Tennessee, tearing up railroad tracks and destroying bridges and telegraph lines along the way.
