The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland competed as Great Britain at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016.
 The United Kingdom was represented by the British Olympic Association (BOA), and the team of selected athletes was also known as Team GB.
 British athletes have appeared in every Summer Olympic Games of the modern era, alongside Australia, France, Greece, and Switzerland, though Great Britain is the only country to have won at least one gold medal at all of them.
 Although the British Olympic Association is the National Olympic Committee (NOC) for Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Northern Irish athletes can choose whether to compete for Great Britain or for the Republic of Ireland, as they are entitled to citizenship of either nation under the Good Friday Agreement.
 In 2016 Northern Ireland born representatives in Team GB included returning rowers Alan Campbell, Peter Chambers and Richard Chambers, archer Patrick Huston and four members of the men's field hockey team: David Ames, Mark Gleghorne, Iain Lewers and Ian Sloan.
 The team also represents, and included representation from, the Crown dependencies, among which were Guernsey's Heather Watson and Carl Hester, and from the ten of the thirteen British Overseas Territories represented by the BOA rather than their own NOC, whose representatives include Turks and Caicos-born sprinter Delano Williams and Anguillan-born long jumper Shara Proctor
John Cameron (born 20 March 1944, Woodford, Essex, England) is a British composer, arranger, conductor and musician.
 He is well known for his many film, TV and stage credits, and for his contributions to "pop" recordings, notably those by Donovan, Cilla Black and the group Hot Chocolate.
 Cameron's instrumental version of Led Zeppelin's "Whole Lotta Love", became a hit for his group Collective Consciousness Society and, for many years, a version of Cameron's arrangement was used as the theme music for the BBC TV show, "Top of the Pops".
Phillip McCallen (born Portadown, Armagh) is a Northern Ireland born former motorcycle racer, now turned to dealer in his retirement from road racing.
Whole Lotta Sole (known as Stand Off in North America) is a 2012 independent comedy film written and directed by Terry George and starring Brendan Fraser, David O'Hara, Colm Meaney, Yaya DaCosta and Martin McCann.
"There's a Whole Lot of Loving" is a 1975 hit song by Guys 'n' Dolls written by Christian Arnold with lyrics by David Martin and Geoff Morrow.
 The song was a #2 hit in both the UK and Ireland, and became the biggest hit for the group.
 The song was covered as "Whole Lotta Lovin'" by Six and was a number one single in Ireland in 2002.
"Beauty and the Beast" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Stevie Nicks.
 It is the final track on her second album "The Wild Heart", released in 1983.
 It was later released in a live version from Nicks 1986 "Rock a Little" tour as a B-side to the UK single "Whole Lotta Trouble" in October 1989.
 It also appears on two compilations: "Timespace – The Best of Stevie Nicks", released in 1991, and the boxset, "Enchanted", released in 1998.
 A new studio version appears on her album, "The Soundstage Sessions", released in 2009.
Jacqueline Anne "Jackie" Woodburne (born 5 February 1956) is a Northern Ireland born Australian actress best known for her television roles in soap operas "Prisoner" and "Neighbours".
"Whole Lotta Trouble" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Stevie Nicks.
 The song was written by Nicks and Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers guitarist Mike Campbell.
 The song became a minor hit in the United Kingdom, reached #62 on the charts.
 In Ireland, The song gained much more attention, reached #22 on the charts.
 The song was last performed by Nicks on August 29, 2000 where it was performed in San Diego, California.
 The song was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance, Female.
James "The King" Brown (born 1968) is a Belfast-born Elvis Presley tribute act known for his covers of songs done in the style of Elvis.
 In the vein of "songs that Elvis should have done," Brown performs songs like "Whole Lotta Rosie", originally by AC/DC, and "Crazy Little Thing Called Love", originally by Queen.
The Northern Ireland Association of Aeromodellers (NIAA), is the governing body for all British Model Flying Association (BMFA) affiliated clubs in Northern Ireland.
 The NIAA committee is elected by, and from representatives of the local Northern Ireland flying clubs, with an aim to promote, protect, organise and encourage model aircraft flying throughout Northern Ireland.
 Additionally the organisation coordinates local club events and activities, and acts as a contact and representative on their behalf to the BMFA.
 The NIAA is accredited in these rolls by the Sports Council for Northern Ireland (SCNI), and the BMFA who are delegated by the Royal Aero Club to be responsible for all aspects of model flying in Great Britain.
 The BMFA is also recognised as the sole representative organisation for the sport in the UK by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) which is the world wide governing body for all forms of sporting aviation, including model flying.
