Salvatore Anthony Maglie (April 26, 1917 – December 28, 1992) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher and later, a scout and a pitching coach.
 He played from 1945 to 1958 for the New York Giants, Cleveland Indians, Brooklyn Dodgers, New York Yankees, and St. Louis Cardinals.
 Maglie was known as "Sal the Barber", because he gave close shaves—that is, pitched inside to hitters.
 Coincidentally, he also sported a five o'clock shadow look.
 He also had the distinction of being one of the few players, and only pitcher, to play for all three New York baseball teams then playing in the city (Maglie's playing career pre-dated the 1962 establishment of the fourth New York major league team, the expansion New York Mets, with whom he was never affiliated).
 During a 10-year major league baseball career, Maglie compiled 119 wins, 862 strikeouts, and an 3.15 earned run average.
The Major League Baseball China Series, or MLB China Series, was two spring training games between the San Diego Padres and Los Angeles Dodgers played in the People's Republic of China.
 It marked the first time Major League Baseball teams played in China, part an effort to popularize baseball in that country.
 The games were played on March 15 and 16 at the now-demolished Wukesong Baseball Stadium in Beijing.
 During the series, both teams visited the Great Wall of China and the Padres held a clinic for the students at Fengtai School.
John Leckie Ake (August 29, 1861 – May 11, 1887) was an American Major League Baseball player who played as a third baseman for the 1884 Baltimore Orioles of the American Association (AA).
 Before and after his Major league career, he played for many professional minor league baseball teams from 1881 until his death in 1887.
 Described as a good and popular player, he died when the boat he was travelling in capsized in the Mississippi River, and not knowing how to swim, he drowned.
Triple-A (or Class AAA) is the highest level of play in Minor League Baseball in the United States and Mexico.
 Before 2008, Triple-A leagues also fielded teams in Canada.
 A total of 30 teams play in the Triple-A International League (IL) and Pacific Coast League (PCL), with 14 teams in the IL and 16 in the PCL.
 The MLB-independent Mexican League fields 16 teams.
 Triple-A teams are typically located in large metropolitan areas that do not have Major League Baseball teams, such as Austin, Texas; Indianapolis, Indiana; Columbus, Ohio; and Charlotte, North Carolina.
The John H. Johnson President's Award is presented annually by Minor League Baseball (MiLB) to recognize the "complete baseball franchise—based on franchise stability, contributions to league stability, contributions to baseball in the community, and promotion of the baseball industry."
 It is considered the league's top honor.
 The award is named after John H. Johnson who served as MiLB President from 1979 to 1988.
 The award was first presented in 1974 and is usually awarded during baseball's Winter Meetings.
The uniforms worn by Major League Baseball teams have changed significantly since professional baseball was first played in the 19th century.
 Over time they have adapted from improvised, wool uniforms to mass-produced team brands made from polyester.
 The official supplier for Major League Baseball uniforms is Majestic Athletic, who has held the contract since 2005.
 On December 5, 2016, it was announced that Under Armour would be the official on-field uniform provider for Major League Baseball, starting in 2019.
William Christopher Winter (born December 27, 1972) is an American sleep researcher, neurologist, and authority regarding sleep and athletic performance.
 A 2010 article in Trail Runner magazine described Dr. Winter as "the leading expert in the field of sleep disruption, in athletes and issues related to travel."
 He is credited with coining the term circadian advantage after studying the effects of travel on Major League Baseball teams.
 He studied the effect of sleep timing preference on Major League Baseball pitcher performance, and hitting performance.
 In 2013, his research linked the sleepiness of Major League Baseball player to a reduced career longevity.
 This work led to research into sleepiness as a predictor of NFL Draft value in which the sleep of 560 Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) football players and their eventual draft success was studied.
Sports teams in Florida include many professional, semi-professional, amateur and college teams.
 In professional sports, Florida has three National Football League teams, two Major League Baseball teams, two National Basketball Association teams, two National Hockey League teams, one Major League Soccer team, and many minor league teams in various sports.
 Additionally, since the late 19th century Florida has been a significant spring training destination for Major League Baseball teams and their affiliates.
Major League Baseball has a luxury tax, called the “competitive balance tax”, in place of a salary cap in order to level the spending an individual team can spend on their roster.
 If a league lacks a salary cap or a luxury tax, any rich team can spend all the money they can afford on players.
 This means teams with smaller pockets cannot keep up with the richer teams, as they cannot afford the top talent, giving them a competitive disadvantage against the rich teams.This disadvantage calls for some sort of limitation on spending to make it a lot harder for the richer, bigger market teams, in order to spread the competitiveness across the league.
 In other professional sports leagues, there is usually a salary cap on what each team can spend on their players and they cannot go over that level.
 Major League Baseball decided to install a luxury tax instead to keep the competitive balance in the league.
 This means that at the beginning of each year, a threshold is set by the Commissioner's Office of Major League Baseball to how much a team can spend on their players.
 In Major League Baseball, their “competitive balance tax” allows teams to go over the threshold, but at a premium.
 The goal of this is to encourage big spending, but to still maintain a great balance in competition.
 Major League Baseball implemented the “competitive balance tax” in 1997, and it has undergone several changes since the beginning.
The New York Cubans were a Negro league baseball team that played during the 1930s and from 1939 to 1950.
 Despite playing in the Negro leagues, the team occasionally employed white-skinned Hispanic baseball players as well, because Hispanics in general were largely ignored by the major league baseball teams before Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier in Major League Baseball.
