Caroline "Carrie" Marie Bradshaw is a fictional character and lead character of the HBO romantic sitcom "Sex and the City", as well as the CW series "The Carrie Diaries", portrayed by actresses Sarah Jessica Parker and AnnaSophia Robb, respectively.
 She is a semi-autobiographical character created by Candace Bushnell, who published the book "Sex and the City", based on her own columns in the "New York Observer".
 On the HBO series, Bradshaw is a New York City newspaper columnist, fashionista, and later, freelance writer for "Vogue" and a published author.
 Her weekly column, "Sex and the City," provides the title, storylines, and narration for each episode.
Toy Connor (born April 7, 1961 in Brooklyn, New York) is a Caribbean-American actress, rapper, singer and songwriter.
 Her career began upon meeting casting director, Jackie Brown-Karman, in 1999 through a request to attach actors to a script Connor had written; she was granted a meeting to discuss her script at HBO, where the casting director then asked if she would be interested in auditioning for a new HBO Series, "The Corner".
 She ultimately landed the role of Tyreeka Freamon after auditioning for David Simon, Charles S. Dutton, and David Mills.
 "The Corner" received three Emmy Awards in 2000.
 Connor went on to star and co-star in numerous Emmy Award-winning shows between the years of 2000 and 2010.
Michael Kenneth Williams (born November 22, 1966) is an American actor, dancer, and reporter.
 He is best known for his portrayal of Omar Little on the HBO drama series "The Wire" and Albert "Chalky" White on the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire".
 He was also acclaimed for his role as Jack Gee, husband of Bessie Smith, in the HBO telefilm biopic "Bessie".
 He has acted in supporting roles in a number of films and television series, including "The Road", "Inherent Vice", "The Night Of", "Gone Baby Gone", and "12 Years a Slave".
Zach Woods (born September 25, 1984) is an American actor and comedian.
 He is best known for starring as Jared Dunn on the HBO comedy series "Silicon Valley".
 Prior to that, he was a series regular for 3 seasons on the NBC sitcom "The Office", playing the role of Gabe Lewis.
 He also recurs on the HBO series "Veep" and on the USA Network sitcom "Playing House".
Edith "Edie" Falco ( ; born July 5, 1963) is an American television, film, and stage actress, known for her roles as Diane Whittlesey in the HBO series "Oz" (1997–2000), Carmela Soprano on the HBO series "The Sopranos" (1999–2007), the title character of the Showtime series "Nurse Jackie" (2009–15), and Sylvia Wittel on the Louis C.K. web series, "Horace and Pete" (2016).
Alice Wetterlund (born May 16, 1981) is an American stand-up comedian and film and television actress.
 She played the role of Carla Walton on the HBO sitcom "Silicon Valley".
Jeffrey Wright (born December 7, 1965) is an American film, television and stage actor.
 He is known for such roles as Belize in the HBO miniseries "Angels in America", Jean-Michel Basquiat in "Basquiat", Felix Leiter in the James Bond films "Casino Royale" and "Quantum of Solace", Valentin Narcisse in the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire", and Beetee in "The Hunger Games" films.
 He currently stars as Bernard Lowe in the HBO series "Westworld".
Alexander Johan Hjalmar Skarsgård (] ; born August 25, 1976) is a Swedish actor.
 He is best known for his roles as vampire Eric Northman on the HBO series "True Blood", Meekus in "Zoolander", the title character in "The Legend of Tarzan", Brad Colbert in the HBO miniseries "Generation Kill" and as Perry Wright in the HBO miniseries "Big Little Lies", for which he won an Emmy.
Confederate is an upcoming American television and alternate history drama series set in a timeline where the American Civil war ended in a stalemate.
 David Benioff and D. B. Weiss are developing the series for the network HBO.
 The two previously developed the HBO series "Game of Thrones".
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye is an American mystery series that aired on HBO in the United States from April 16, 1983 through June 3, 1986, and on ITV in the United Kingdom.
 The series features Powers Boothe as Raymond Chandler's title character, and was the first drama produced for HBO.
 It was an early example of the uncompromising commitment to authenticity HBO would become known for in period pieces, recently showcased in "Rome" and "Deadwood", the latter of which also featured actor Powers Boothe.
 Unlike other modern incarnations of the Marlowe character, the HBO series kept the show set in the 1930s, true to the original Raymond Chandler stories.
