Avalanche Lake is a 9 acre mountain lake located in the Adirondack High Peaks in New York.
 Avalanche Lake sits at 2885 feet (879 m) between 4,714-foot (1,437 m) Mount Colden and-3816 foot (1163 m) Avalanche Mountain.
 The two mountains rise in vertical cliffs from the surface of the lake.
 Immediately west of Avalanche Mountain (formerly known as Caribou Mountain) lies the MacIntyre Range— 5,115-foot (1,559 m) Algonquin Peak (the second highest mountain in the state), 4829-foot (1472 m) Boundary Peak, 4,843-foot (1,476 m) Iroquois Peak and 4,380-foot (1,335 m) Mount Marshall.
 Mount Marcy is 2.5 (4 km) miles to the east.
 Avalanche Lake feeds Lake Colden to the south, in the Hudson River watershed.
 To the north, the trail to the lake from the Adirondak Loj surmounts Avalanche Pass, which is only slightly above lake level but separates it from the Lake Champlain (St. Lawrence River) watershed.
 Following the lake toward Lake Colden, the trail is choked with large boulders, and a number of wooden ladders have been built to make passage possible.
 There are also three places where the trail takes to wooden catwalks, first built in the 1920s, that are bolted directly into the cliff face.
 This section is known as the "Hitch-Up Matilda;" in 1868 when a mountain guide waded to carry one of his clients past a point with no footing on shore, her husband urged her to sit higher on his shoulders.
Nanda Devi is the second highest mountain in India, and the highest located entirely within the country.
 (Kangchenjunga, which is higher, is on the border of India and Nepal.)
 It is the 23rd-highest peak in the world.
 It was considered the highest mountain in the world before computations in 1808 proved Dhaulagiri to be higher.
 It was also the highest mountain in India before 1971 when Sikkim, the state in which Kangchenjunga is located, joined the Republic of India.
 It is part of the Garhwal Himalayas, and is located in the state of Uttarakhand, between the Rishiganga valley on the west and the Goriganga valley on the east.
 The peak, whose name means "Bliss-Giving Goddess", is regarded as the patron-goddess of the Uttarakhand Himalaya.
 In acknowledgment of its religious significance and for the protection of its fragile ecosystem, the peak as well as the circle of high mountains surrounding it—the Nanda Devi sanctuary—were closed to both locals and climbers in 1983.
 The surrounding Nanda Devi National Park was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1988.
Maple Mountain is a mountain, located within Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater Provincial Park, Northeastern Ontario, Canada, estimated 642 m above mean sea level.
 It has a higher vertical rise over the surrounding landscape, 37 m higher than the Ishpatina Ridge, which is the highest point of land in Ontario rising over Scarecrow Lake.
 Maple Mountain rises over Tupper Lake and is considerably better known than Ishpatina Ridge.
 It ranks thirteenth, but when ranked by vertical rise it is the highest of the top 25 peaks in Ontario.
 The 100-ft fire tower is also still intact and attracts many hikers.
 A 3.2 kilometre long hiking trail leads to the abandoned fire tower.
Mountain bike orienteering (MTB-O or MTBO) is an orienteering endurance racing sport on a mountain bike where navigation is done along trails and tracks.
 Compared with foot orienteering, competitors usually are not permitted to leave the trail and track network.
 Navigation tactics are similar to ski-orienteering, where the major focus is route choice while navigating.
 The main difference compared to ski-orienteering is that navigation is done at a higher pace, because the bike can reach higher speeds.
 As the biker reaches higher speeds, map reading becomes more challenging.
Gap Mountain, located in Troy, New Hampshire, United States, is a small monadnock with three summits ranging between 1820 ft and 1900 ft above sea level.
 The lower north and middle summits are mostly bald and offer panoramic views of the surrounding rural landscape and of the higher and more popular Mount Monadnock.
 The Metacomet-Monadnock Trail passes over the north and middle peaks.
 The higher southern summit is wooded with no views.
 The mountain, located entirely within the Gap Mountain Reservation managed by the Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests, is named for the cleft separating the south peak from the north and middle summits.
Himalchuli is the second highest mountain in the Mansiri Himal, part of the Nepalese Himalayas.
 It lies south of Manaslu, one of the Eight-thousanders. Himalchuli has three main peaks: East (7893 m), West (7540 m) and North (7371 m).
 It is also often written as two words, "Himal Chuli".
Bajura District (Nepali:    ), a part of Province No. 7, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal.
 The district, with Martadi as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,188 km² and had a population of 108,781 in 2001 and 134,912 in 2011.
 The district has 1 Municipality, 24 VDCs, 9 Ilakas and 1 constituency areas.
 The district is situated in Longitude between 81° 10′ 20″ to 81° 48′ 27″ East and Latitude 29° 16′ 21″ to 29° 56′ 56″ North.
 Geographically the district is divided in three distinct regions from north to south viz.
 Higher Himalayan Region, Higher Mountain and mid – Mountains.
 The Higher Himalayan region comprises Saipal Himalayan range; High Mountain region comprises Doha Lekh and Ghori Lekh.
 Similarly, Mid-Mountain range comprises different ranges of mountains e.g. Badimalika Temple.
 The District has started from 300m to 6400m in height.
 The annual rainfall is about 13,433 mm and temperatures vary from 0 °C to 40 °C.
 The livelihood of more than 80% of the district population depends on agriculture farming, mainly small scale livestock.
 Due to low level of agricultural production, the majority of the households face acute food shortages for a large part of the year.
Tongshanjiabu () is a mountain in the Himalayas.
 At 7,207 m tall, Tongshanjiabu is the 103rd tallest mountain in the world.
 It sits in the disputed border territory between Bhutan and China.
 Tongshanjiabu has never been officially climbed.
Sumas Mountain, also referred to as Canadian Sumas to distinguish it from an identically-named mountain just south in Washington state, is a mountain rising from the floodplain of the Fraser River in the Lower Mainland of southwestern British Columbia, Canada.
 Its western end is in the urban area of Abbotsford and is home to a number of suburban areas of that city, notably Clayburn.
 In its central portion is the historic community of Straiton, officially named in 1904 for Thomas Bell Straiton who founded a homestead on Sumas Mountain in 1893 and also a store and post office.
 Its higher eastern reaches tower over Greendale, a community within the City of Chilliwack and is mostly wilderness; the mountain's summit, Sumas Peak, is located in this area, along with Chadsey Lake.
 The mountain is separated from the Cascade Mountains by the drained lake now called Sumas Prairie, south of which is its American sister, Sumas Mountain, and which is part of the greater floodplain of the Fraser River (the Fraser Lowland).
 West of the mountain is Matsqui Prairie, another floodplain, and north of the Fraser, which lies along the mountain's north flank, are similar floodplains - Nicomen Island and Hatzic Prairie.
Skarstind (official form on maps: "Skardstinden") is a prominent part of the Galdhøpiggen mountain range in northwestern Jotunheimen, Norway, and is the sixth highest summit in the country.
 The mountain has three summits, the main summit at 2,373 meters above sea level, Nåle, the Needle, at 2,310 m and the small western summit at 2,215 m.
 It is located within the municipality of Lom, (in Oppland) on the eastern side of the Leirdalen valley, and the summit can be seen from the road along the valley floor.
 There are several other peaks in the vicinity, but only Galdhøpiggen, a few kilometers to the east, is higher.
 The mountain can be seen from most of the higher peaks in Jotunheimen and Breheimen to the northwest.
