Andrea Bellunello, also known as Andrea di San Vito (1440 – 1506) was an Italian painter active in the early Renaissance period.
 He was born either in San Vito in the Friuli, or in Belluno.
 He was active in the Udine and surrounding region of Friuli.
 He worked with or under Francesco Squarcione and/or Bortolotto di Belluno.
 Among his pupils were Giorgio di Beccaio (active 1492-1506); Giorgio di Cecco (born Pordenone, 1465).
Enzo Nini (born 29 August 1954) is a jazz saxophonist and flautist.
 He was born in San Giorgio a Cremano (Province of Naples, Italy) and currently lives and teaches in Naples and Foggia, Italy.
Giorgio Giunchi (, Albanian: "Gjergj Junki" ; 1717–1787) was a Catholic prelate.
 Giunchi was born in Livari, in Antivari (modern Bar, in Montenegro) ecclesiastically part of the Diocese of Antivari, on 20 February 1717.
 After studying in Rome for two years he returned in his home region as parish priest of Zuppa near Antivari.
 In 1757 he was ordained as Bishop of Pult.
 From 1765 to 1786, when he became Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bar, he served as Bishop of Lezhë.
 Giunchi died on 26 January 1786 in Livari, where he was also buried.
 Giorgio Radovani, his successor, was the clergyman who preached in his funeral service.
The Agro Nocerino Sarnese is a geographical region of the Province of Salerno, in Campania in southern Italy; the river Sarno flows through it.
 It is a low-lying area bounded to the south by the Monti Lattari, to the east and north-east by the Monti Picentini and to the west by the plain of Vesuvius.
 It consists of sixteen comuni: Angri, Bracigliano, Castel San Giorgio, Corbara, Nocera Inferiore, Nocera Superiore, Pagani, Roccapiemonte, San Marzano sul Sarno, San Valentino Torio, Santa Maria la Carità, Sant'Antonio Abate, Sant'Egidio del Monte Albino, Sarno, Scafati and Siano.
 All are in the province of Salerno except Santa Maria la Carità and Sant'Antonio Abate, which are in the province of Naples.
San Giorgio in Braida is a Roman Catholic church in Verona, region of Veneto, Italy.
 A church titled "San Giacomo in Braida", was located in Cremona, and became superseded by Sant'Agostino.
Giorgio Pini (1 February 1899, in Bologna – 30 March 1987, in Rome) was an Italian politician and journalist.
San Giorgio di Nogaro (Italian: "Stazione di San Giorgio di Nogaro" ) is a railway station serving the town of San Giorgio di Nogaro, in the region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia, northern Italy.
 The station is located on the Venice–Trieste railway.
 The train services are operated by Trenitalia.
The Cantine Giorgio Lungarotti Winery srl is an Italian wine company located in the region of Umbria, Italy.
 The property is divided between several locations, with the largest in the towns of Torgiano and Montefalco.
 Founded in the late 1950s by Giorgio Lungarotti, the company is now headed by his wife Maria Grazia, and sisters Teresa and Chiara.
 The Lungarotti name is famous for putting Umbrian wines on the map, through a mixture of traditional respect for the land and modern innovation and research.
 The Lungarotti company also owns the Wine Museum of Torgiano (MUVIT) and the Olive and Oil Museum (MOO), all two located in the center of Torgiano.
Carolina Pini (born June 13, 1988 in Florence, Italy) is an Italian soccer player who most recently played as a midfielder for ASDCF Bardolino and the Italian national team.
San Giorgio is a Roman Catholic church located on the Piazza of the same name, just outside Porta Bruciata, in Brescia, region of Lombardy, Italy.
