Ai Weiwei The Fake Case is a 2013 documentary film about Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei, directed by Danish filmmaker Andreas Johnsen.
 The film won Best 2014 Documentary in Danish Film Critics Association's 67th Bodil Awards, played in the official selection of 2014 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival in Toronto and International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam.
Joude Gorani (born 1980) is a Syrian Cinematographer.
 She graduated from La Femis (French state film school) in 2005.
 She has since worked in documentaries such as "Dolls - A Woman from Damascus" directed by Diana El Jeiroudi, premiered at IDFA and Visions du réel documentary film festival in Nyon, Switzerland, "Black Stone" directed by Nidal Dibs and "Black Lines" directed by Danish filmmaker Camilla Magid.
 Her graduation film was "Before Vanishing" about the decline of Damascus' Barada river.
Gayniggers from Outer Space is a 1992 short film, directed by Danish filmmaker Morten Lindberg.
 The film is a satire of the blaxploitation and science fiction genres.
AFR (abbreviation for Anders Fogh Rasmussen) is a Danish mockumentary released in 2007, directed by Danish filmmaker Morten Hartz Kaplers, who also appears in the movie.
 AFR was produced by the Zentropa-producer Meta Louise Foldager.
Seven Footprints to Satan is a 1929 American horror film directed by Danish filmmaker Benjamin Christensen.
 Based on the book of the same name by Abraham Merritt, it stars Thelma Todd, Creighton Hale, William V. Mong and Sheldon Lewis, and contains appearances by Sōjin Kamiyama and Angelo Rossitto among others.
 It was produced as both a silent film and as a part-talkie, making it one of the last – if not "the" last – silent horror films.
"Drive" is a 2011 American neo-noir crime film directed by Danish filmmaker Nicolas Winding Refn and written by Hossein Amini, based on the eponymous 2005 novel by James Sallis.
 It stars Ryan Gosling as an unnamed Hollywood stunt driver moonlighting as a getaway driver.
 He suddenly grows fond of his neighbor (Carey Mulligan) and her young son until her debt-ridden husband (Oscar Isaac) is released from prison and hires him to take part in what turns out to be a botched, million-dollar heist that endangers their lives.
 Bryan Cranston, Christina Hendricks, Ron Perlman, and Albert Brooks play supporting roles.
 The film premiered on May 11 in competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, before being released by FilmDistrict in American theaters on September 16.
 "Drive" earned a worldwide total of $76.1 million on a production budget of $15 million.
 Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, surveyed 238 reviews and judged 92% to be positive.
The Ambassador is a 2011 Danish documentary film created and directed by Danish filmmaker and journalist Mads Brügger.
 The film was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival.
Drive is a 2011 American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Danish filmmaker Nicolas Winding Refn.
 The screenplay by Hossein Amini was based on the eponymous 2005 novel by James Sallis.
 The film stars Ryan Gosling as an unnamed Hollywood stunt driver moonlighting as a getaway driver.
 He quickly grows fond of his neighbor, Irene (Carey Mulligan) and her young son, Benicio.
 Her debt-laden husband, Standard (Oscar Isaac), is released from prison, and hires him to take part in what turns out to be a botched million-dollar heist that endangers their lives.
 Other members of the ensemble cast include Bryan Cranston, Christina Hendricks, Ron Perlman, and Albert Brooks.
Capital Execution (Danish: Henrettelsen ) is a 1903 silent film drama directed by Danish photographer Peter Elfelt.
 Based upon a true story, the short 15-minute film relates the execution of a French woman who is condemned to death for killing her two children.
 It was the first dramatic movie made by a Danish filmmaker, and is notable as an early example of a dramatic film that referenced action outside the picture frame.
 Elfelt used a typical stationary, one-shot camera position, but directed the actors to gesture and enter and exit with reference to things happening outside of the audience's view.
 This allowed for the development of the story beyond what was captured by camera, and expanded the dramatic scope of film.
Flatliners is a 1990 American science fiction psychological horror film directed by Joel Schumacher, produced by Michael Douglas and Rick Bieber, and written by Peter Filardi.
 It stars Kiefer Sutherland, Julia Roberts, William Baldwin, Oliver Platt, and Kevin Bacon.
 The film is about five medical students who attempt to find out what lies beyond death by conducting clandestine experiments that produce near-death experiences.
 The film was shot on the campus of Loyola University (Chicago) between October 1989 and January 1990, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Editing in 1990 (Charles L. Campbell and Richard C. Franklin).
 The film was theatrically released on August 10, 1990, by Columbia Pictures.
 A remake, directed by Danish filmmaker Niels Arden Oplev, was released in September 2017.
