Joseph William Cowgill (April 24, 1908 – November 19, 1986) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as the Minority Leader of the New Jersey State Senate.
 He is a 1929 graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and a 1933 graduate of the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
 He was elected to the New Jersey General Assembly representing Camden County in 1940.
 He did not seek re-election to a second term in 1941, but instead ran for Camden County Surrogate (Probate Court Judge).
 He resigned as Surrogate in 1943 to join the U.S. Navy during World War II.
 Cowgill was an Assistant Camden County Prosecutor in 1945, and served as the Camden County Counsel from 1947 to 1953, and again from 1957 to 1960.
 He was a Delegate to the 1947 New Jersey Constitutional Convention, and an Alternate Delegate to the 1956 Democratic National Convention.
 He was elected to the Camden County Board of Chosen Freeholders in 1952; he did not seek re-election in 1955, but instead ran for an open State Senate seat when Bruce A. Wallace retired.
 In a close race, Cowgill defeated Republican Haddon Township Mayor William G. Rohrer by 290 votes, 54,683 (50.02%) to 54,393 (49.76%).
 Cowgill again faced Rohrer when he sought re-election in 1959; this time, Cowgill won by 4,092 votes, 61,656 (51.72%) to 57,564 (48.28%).
 He served as the Senate Minority Leader from 1959 to 1964.
 In 1963, Cowgill was defeated for re-election to a third term as State Senator, losing to Republican Frederick Scholz by 13,627 votes, 72,873 (54.94%) to 59,246 (44.66%).
Exxon was the brand name of oil and natural resources company Exxon Corporation, prior to 1972 known as Standard Oil Company of New Jersey.
 In 1999, Exxon Corporation merged with Mobil to form ExxonMobil.
 The "Exxon" brand is still used by ExxonMobil's downstream operations as a brand for certain of its gas stations, motor fuel and related products (the highest concentration of which are located in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Texas and in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern states).
 Standard Oil Company of New Jersey was one of the Seven Sisters that dominated the global petroleum industry from the mid-1940s to the 1970s.
Baxters Food Group Limited, also known as Baxters of Speyside or Baxters, is a Scottish food processing company, based in Fochabers, Scotland.
 It produces foods such as canned soups, canned meat products, sour pickles, sauces, vinegars, anti-pasti, chutneys, fruit preserves and salad and meat condiments. Products are sold under the Baxters brand as well as a variety of brands owned, or licensed, to the group.
 Baxters has remained a private family company for four generations, during which time it has expanded significantly by acquiring other business within the United Kingdom and internationally.
 Baxters holds a Royal Warrant from Her Majesty the Queen as purveyors of Scottish specialities.
Momentum Transport is an auto transport and car shipping service based out of Houston, started in 1996 by Greg Giles.
 The company handles orders from both worldwide corporations as well as everyday consumers.
 It also has a freight service.
 In 2009 it won the "Winner of Distinction" award from the Better Business Bureau.
Royal Vopak N.V. (Dutch: "Koninklijke Vopak" ) is a Dutch company that stores and handles various oil,chemicals, edible oils and natural gas-related products.
 The company was created by the merger of Van Ommeren and Pakhoed in 1999.
 In 2002, the distribution of oil and natural gas related products was split off; a new company Univar was created for that purpose.
 The head office is located in Rotterdam.
Progresso, a brand of General Mills, is an American food company that produces canned soups, canned beans, broths, chili, and other food products.
Cleret is an American manufacturer and brand of squeegees and related products based in Lake Oswego, Oregon.
 The company's original squeegee won an International Design Excellence Award from the Industrial Designers Society of America, and sits in the permanent collection of the Smithsonian Institution.
SMS Rail Lines (reporting mark SLRS) is a shortline railroad based at Pureland Industrial Park in Bridgeport, New Jersey.
 The company handles all freight car delivery to businesses located within the industrial park.
 It also operates lines in Morrisville, Pennsylvania, and Guilderland, New York.
 (Guilderland-based operations operate as SMS Rail Lines of New York, LLC (reporting mark SNY) ).
 SMS maintains many locomotives built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works.
 SMS provides chemical off-loading equipment and transload facilities to enable businesses to receive rail freight traffic.
Swanson is a brand of TV dinners, broths, and canned poultry made for the North American market.
 The TV dinner business is currently owned by Pinnacle Foods, while the broth business is currently owned by the Campbell Soup Company.
 Current TV dinner products sold under the brand include Swanson's Classics TV dinners and pot pies, and the current broth lineup includes chicken broth and beef broth.
The Campbell Soup Company, also known as Campbell's, is an American producer of canned soups and related products.
 Campbell's products are sold in 120 countries around the world.
 It is headquartered in Camden, New Jersey.
 Campbell's divides itself into three divisions: the simple meals division, which consists largely of soups both condensed and ready-to-serve, the baked snacks division, which consists of Pepperidge Farm, and the health beverage division, which includes V8 juices.
