Only Want You for Your Body is the third album by Australian proto-metal band Buffalo, recorded and originally released in 1974 on the Vertigo label.
 A far more structured and polished release than the previous album "Volcanic Rock", "Only Want You for Your Body" was conversely a much harder and heavier release.
 Buffalo had abandoned the progressive and psychedelic elements of their style, in favour of a more straightforward, modernistic approach to heavy metal.
 On the basis of this album, Buffalo were perhaps one of the earliest acts to develop heavy metal music away from its blues-rock origins – with some passing similarities to future metal acts later in the decade, such as those in the new wave of British heavy metal scene.
 The album even bizarrely contains a precursor to the death growl on the outro to the track "What's Going On".
The Nightcomers is the debut studio album by Scottish heavy metal band Holocaust, released in 1981 at the apex of the new wave of British heavy metal phenomenon.
 The album was released by Holocaust's own label Phoenix Record And Filmworks and re-issued on CD by Edgy Records only in 2000.
 It was remastered and re-issued as a double CD by Castle/Sanctuary in 2003, including all the tracks from the "Smokin' Valves", "Heavy Metal Mania", and "Coming Through" singles and from the "Live from the Raw Loud 'n' Live Tour" EP.
Jameson Raid are a British heavy metal band.
 They are usually considered to be part of the new wave of British heavy metal, following their inclusion on EMI's album "Metal For Muthas II", although they were established on the Birmingham circuit as a hard rock band several years before this.
Fire Down Under is the third album by American heavy metal band Riot, released in 1981, and the last with original vocalist Guy Speranza.
 The song "Flashbacks" is dedicated to Neal Kay, the British DJ who supported heavy metal in the UK during the new wave of British heavy metal.
Give 'em Hell is the debut album by the British heavy metal band Witchfynde.
 The album was released in 1980 during the new wave of British heavy metal heyday and re-released in 2004 by Lemon Recordings.
 The 2004 re-release featured three bonus tracks ("The Devil's Gallop", "Tetelestai", and "Wake Up Screaming").
Event Horizon is the debut studio album by British heavy metal band I Am I, released in 2012.
 The album was originally released on USB, then onto CD format, making I Am I the first heavy metal band ever to release an album only on USB first.
 The album has a few traces of the power metal sound of ZP's previous band DragonForce.
 The album has been described as "old school meets new school" by lead vocalist and co-writer ZP Theart.
 The album is quite melodic and a bit similar to the AOR of the 1970s and 1980s.
 The lyrics deal with human emotions, social life, and issues that people struggle with.
Hit and Run – Revisited is the twelfth studio album by the British heavy metal band Girlschool, released in 2011.
 The album is a re-recording of the 1981 album "Hit and Run", considered by most critics a classic of the new wave of British heavy metal period and the most commercially successful for Girlschool.
 The new album celebrates the 30th anniversary of the release of "Hit and Run" and includes as bonus track a re-recording of "Demolition Boys" and a duet with the German metal singer Doro on a new version of the title track.
Girlschool are an all-female British heavy metal band, founded in 1978.
 The original members Kim McAuliffe, Enid Williams, Kelly Johnson and Denise Dufort come from the club cover band Painted Lady.
 During the early 1980s the band was one of the relevant groups of the new wave of British heavy metal (NWOBHM) movement, entering the British charts with both singles and albums.
 Unlike many heavy metal bands, Girlschool often had more than one lead vocalist, with vocal duties in the 'classic' line-up shared amongst Williams, McAuliffe and Johnson.
Venom are an English heavy metal band formed in 1979 in Newcastle upon Tyne.
 Coming to prominence towards the end of the new wave of British heavy metal, Venom's first two albums—"Welcome to Hell" (1981) and "Black Metal" (1982)—are considered a major influence on thrash metal and extreme metal in general.
 Venom's second album proved influential enough that its title was used as the name of an extreme metal subgenre: black metal.
Angel Witch is the first album by British heavy metal band Angel Witch.
 The album was released in 1980 through Bronze Records, and since then re-released in four editions over the years.
 The cover features a painting formerly attributed to John Martin titled "The Fallen Angels Entering Pandemonium".
 The song "Angel Witch" was featured in the 2009 video game, "Brütal Legend".
 The album made Angel Witch one of the key bands in the new wave of British heavy metal movement.
