Georges Bizet composed L'Arlésienne as incidental music to Alphonse Daudet's play of the same name, usually translated as "The Girl from Arles".
 It was first performed on 1 October 1872 at the Vaudeville Theatre (now a cinema known as the Gaumont Opéra).
 Bizet's music consists of 27 numbers (some only a few bars) for voice, chorus, and small orchestra, ranging from short solos to longer entr'actes. Bizet himself played the harmonium backstage at the premiere performance.
Carmen Suite is a one-act ballet created in 1967 by Cuban choreographer Alberto Alonso to music by Russian composer Rodion Shchedrin for his wife, prima ballerina assoluta Maya Plisetskaya.
 The premiere took place on 20 April 1967 at the Bolshoi Theatre, Moscow.
 The music, taken from the opera "Carmen" by Georges Bizet and arranged for strings and percussion, is not a 19th-century pastiche but rather "a creative meeting of the minds," as Shchedrin put it, with Bizet's melodies reclothed in a variety of fresh instrumental colors (including the frequent use of percussion), set to new rhythms and often phrased with a great deal of sly wit.
 Initially banned by the Soviet hierarchy as "disrespectful" to the opera for precisely these qualities, the ballet has since become Shchedrin's best-known work and has remained popular in the West for what reviewer James Sanderson calls "an iconoclastic but highly entertaining retelling of Bizet's opera."
Georges Bizet (] ; 25 October 18383 June 1875), registered at birth as Alexandre César Léopold Bizet, was a French composer of the romantic era.
 Best known for his operas in a career cut short by his early death, Bizet achieved few successes before his final work, "Carmen", which has become one of the most popular and frequently performed works in the entire opera repertoire.
These lists show the audio and visual recordings of the opera "L'Orfeo" by Claudio Monteverdi.
 The opera was first performed in Mantua in 1607, at the court of Duke Vincenzo Gonzaga, and is one of the earliest of all operas.
 The first recording of "L'Orfeo" was issued in 1939, a freely adapted version of Monteverdi's music edited by Giacomo Benvenuti, given by the orchestra of La Scala Milan conducted by Ferrucio Calusio.
 In 1949 the Berlin Radio Orchestra under Helmut Koch recorded the complete opera, on long-playing records (LPs).
 The advent of LP recordings was, as Harold Schonberg later wrote, an important factor in the postwar revival of interest in Renaissance and Baroque music, and from the mid-1950s recordings of "L'Orfeo" have been issued on many labels.
 Koch's landmark version was reissued in 1962, when it was compared unfavourably with others that had by then been issued.
 The 1969 recording by Nicholas Harnoncourt and the Vienna Concentus Musicus, using Harnoncourt's edition based on period instruments, was praised for "making Monteverdi's music sound something like the way he imagined".
 In 1981 Siegfried Heinrich, with the Early Music Studio of the Hesse Chamber Orchestra, recorded a version which re-created the original Striggio libretto ending, adding music from Monteverdi's 1616 ballet "Tirsi e Clori" for the Bacchante scenes.
 Among more recent recordings, that of Emmanuelle Haïm has been praised for its dramatic effect.
 The 21st century has seen the issue of an increasing number of recordings on DVD.
John Whenham is an English musicologist and academic who specializes in early Italian baroque music.
 He earned both a Bachelor of Music and a Master of Music from the University of Nottingham, and a Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Oxford.
 He is a leading expert on the life and works of Claudio Monteverdi, and is the author of the books "Duet and Dialogue in the Age of Monteverdi" (Ann Arbor, Michigan: University Microfilms International, 1982) "Monteverdi, 'Orfeo' " (London: Cambridge University Press, 1986), "Monteverdi, Vespers (1610)" (Cambridge University Press, 1997), and "The Cambridge Companion to Monteverdi" (with Richard Wistreich, Cambridge University Press, 2007).
 For five years he was co-editor of the journal "Music & Letters".
 He currently serves on the board of the Birmingham Early Music Festival and is head of the music history department at the University of Birmingham.
The Symphony in C "Roma" is the second of Georges Bizet's symphonies.
 Unlike his first symphony, also in C major, which was written quickly at the age of 17, "Roma" was written over an eleven-year span, between the ages of 22 and 33 (he died at age 36).
 Bizet was never fully satisfied with it, subjecting it to a number of revisions, but died before finishing his definitive version.
 All four movements were performed in his lifetime, but never all on the same occasion.
 The full symphony in its latest revision was premiered in 1875, after his death.
 It is perhaps because of Bizet's dissatisfaction that the work is often said to be "unfinished".
 However, in the form in which it exists today, it is a complete work and is fully scored.
 It has been recorded a number of times but is not often heard on the concert platform.
The Symphony in C is an early work by the French composer Georges Bizet.
 According to "Grove's Dictionary", the symphony "reveals an extraordinarily accomplished talent for a 17-year-old student, in melodic invention, thematic handling and orchestration."
 Bizet started work on the symphony in C major on 29 October 1855, four days after turning 17, and finished it roughly a month later.
 It was written while he was studying at the Paris Conservatoire under the composer Charles Gounod, and was evidently a student assignment.
 Bizet showed no apparent interest in having it performed or published, and the piece was never played in his lifetime.
 He used certain material from the symphony in later works, however.
 There is no mention of the work in Bizet's letters, and it was unknown to his earlier biographers.
 His widow, Geneviève Halévy (1849–1926), gave the manuscript to Reynaldo Hahn, who left it along with other papers to the archives of the conservatory library, where it was found in 1933 by Jean Chantavoine.
 Soon thereafter, Bizet's first British biographer Douglas Charles Parker (1885–1970) showed the manuscript to the conductor Felix Weingartner, who led the first performance in Basel, Switzerland, on 26 February 1935.
Monteverdi is a crater on Mercury.
 It has a diameter of 138 kilometers.
 Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979.
 Monteverdi is named for the Italian composer Claudio Monteverdi, who lived from 1567 to 1643.
The Stattkus-Verzeichnis (SV) is a catalogue of the musical compositions of the Italian composer Claudio Monteverdi.
 The catalogue was published in 1985 by Manfred H. Stattkus ("Claudio Monteverdi: Verzeichnis der erhaltenen Werke").
 A free, basic second edition of the catalogue is available online.
Carmen Jones is a 1943 Broadway musical with music by Georges Bizet (orchestrated for Broadway by Robert Russell Bennett) and lyrics and book by Oscar Hammerstein II which was performed at The Broadway Theatre.
 Conceptually, it is Bizet's opera "Carmen" updated to a World War II-era African-American setting.
 (Bizet's opera was, in turn, based on the 1846 novella by Prosper Mérimée.)
 The Broadway musical was produced by Billy Rose, using an all-black cast, and directed by Hassard Short.
 Robert Shaw prepared the choral portions of the show.
