"My Generation" is a song by the English rock band The Who, which became a hit and one of their most recognisable songs.
 The song was named the 11th greatest song by "Rolling Stone" "Magazine" on its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time and 13th on VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Songs of Rock & Roll.
 It is also part of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll and is inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame for "historical, artistic and significant" value.
 In 2009 it was named the 37th Greatest Hard Rock Song by VH1.
Niki Sullivan (June 23, 1937 – April 6, 2004) was an American rock and roll guitar player, born in South Gate, California.
 He was one of the four original members of Buddy Holly's backing band, The Crickets.
 Though he lost interest within a year or two of his involvement, his guitar playing was an integral part of Holly's early success.
 He performed on 27 of the 32 songs Holly recorded over his brief career.
 He co-wrote a number of his own songs.
 In 2012, Sullivan was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Crickets by a special committee, aimed at correcting the mistake of not including the Crickets with Buddy Holly when he was first inducted in 1986.
Riverview Park was an amusement park in Des Moines, Iowa, from 1915 to 1978.
 What began in pre-1915 as a zoological garden and trolley destination in an area of Des Moines known as Highland Park would become Riverview Amusement Park, a popular family entertainment oasis in early Iowa history.
 It was built upon an island, accessed via a wooden bridge, by a group of nine local businessmen that were headed up by a Des Moines movie-theater mogul named Abe Frankle.
 In the early years various entertaining events and attractions that made Riverview Park a fondly remembered family get-away included free acts featuring death-defying daredevils and musical band concerts.
 The early amusement rides included in 1923 a new carousel (PTC#65) from the Philadelphia Toboggan Company, whose carousels represented some of the finest examples of hand carved carousel horses in America, and a large Carousel Pavilion building to house it.
 In 1928 a Herschell-Spillman menagerie carousel with intricate hand-carved animals replaced the PTC carousel.
 In 1920 John Miller–designed a figure-eight roller coaster featuring eight full dips that all went to the ground level for the park.
 In 1940, the Riviera Ballroom was added and provided big band dances throughout the 1940s and 1950s and teen dances in the 1960s and 1970s.
 The Riviera Ballroom was inducted into the Iowa Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2010.
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, located on the shore of Lake Erie in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, recognizes and archives the history of the best-known and most influential artists, producers, engineers, and other notable figures who have had some major influence on the development of rock and roll.
 The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Foundation was established on April 20, 1983, by Atlantic Records founder and chairman Ahmet Ertegun.
 In 1986, Cleveland was chosen as the Hall of Fame's permanent home.
 Since opening in September 1995, the "Rock Hall" – part of the city's redeveloped North Coast Harbor – has hosted more than 10 million visitors and had a cumulative economic impact estimated at more than $1.8 billion.
Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Covers EP is EP compilation by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, released in 2012 through iTunes as a digital-only download.
 The band first announced the EP through their website on April 19, 2012 with the title "We Salute You", although it was changed on the date of the release.
 The EP consists of six cover songs, live and in the studio, of previous Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees all who influenced the band.
 The EP was released to commemorate the band's own induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012.
 All six songs have been previously featured on other releases by the band.
 Four of the six tracks had never been released digitally before.
"The Spirit of Radio" is a song released in 1980 by the Canadian rock band Rush from their album "Permanent Waves".
 The song's name was inspired by Toronto radio station CFNY-FM's slogan.
 The song was significant in the growing popularity of the band.
 The band had grazed the UK Top 40 two years earlier with "Closer to the Heart", but when issued as a single in March 1980, "The Spirit of Radio" soon reached #13 on the UK singles chart.
 It remains their biggest UK hit to date (the 7" single was a 3:00 edited version which has never appeared on CD to date).
 In the US, the single peaked at #51 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1980, and in 1998 a live version of the song reached #27 on the Mainstream Rock Charts.
 "The Spirit of Radio" was named one of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll and was among five Rush songs inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame on March 28, 2010.
The Midnighters were an American R&B group from Detroit, Michigan.
 They were an influential group in the 1950s and early 1960s, with many R&B hit records.
 They were also notable for launching the career of lead singer Hank Ballard and the worldwide dance craze the Twist.
 Between 1953 and 1962 the Midnighters had almost two dozen hits on the U.S. Pop & R&B charts.
 Their big hits included the million-selling Billboard Top 10 pop hits "Finger Popping Time" (for which they received a 1961 Grammy Award nomination), and "Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go".
 The Midnighters also had 13 Top 10 R&B hits, including three that reached number 1.
 Their Top 10 R&B hits included "Work with Me, Annie", "It's Love Baby (24 Hours a Day)", "Annie Had a Baby", "The Hoochi Coochi Coo", "Teardrops on Your Letter", "Get It", "The Float" and "Nothing but Good".
 They received the Rhythm and Blues Foundation's prestigious Pioneer Award in 1992 and were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 1999.
 The group's lead singer, Hank Ballard, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990.
 The Midnighters as a "group" were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on April 14, 2012.
The music of Iowa includes such notable musicians as Rock and Roll Hall of Famers The Everly Brothers (who had 3 #1 Top 100 hits, including "All I Have to Do Is Dream" in 1958), Bix Beiderbecke, Art Farmer, Peggy Gilbert, Patty Waters, Mortimer Wilson, Thurlow Lieurance, Charlie Haden, Arthur Russell, Greg Brown, William Elliott Whitmore, Clarence Whitehill, Meredith Willson, composer of "The Music Man", and Alice Ettinger who was renowned enough to perform in Europe in the 1890s.
 Famed swing era musician and band leader Glenn Miller was born in Clarinda.
 Bands from Iowa include For Today, Euforquestra, The Envy Corps, Hawks, Slipknot (who had 2 #1 Billboard 200 albums like "All Hope is Gone" in 2008), Radio Moscow, Modern Life Is War, and Unknown Component.
 The city of Walnut is home to the National Traditional Country Music Association (NTCMA), which produces programs for local radio and television in Iowa.
 NTCMA also operates the Walnut Country Opera House, which is a theatre and home to several halls of fame and museums.
 The town of Clear Lake is known as the place the Big Bopper, Buddy Holly and Ritchie Valens took off from on the day they died; their last performance was at the Surf Ballroom.
 The Escorts (Iowa band) (Do's & Don'ts) are one of the first bands to be inducted into the Iowa Rock N Roll Music Association's Hall of Fame.
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Rhythm and Blues Music Hall of Fame are located in Cleveland, Ohio.
 Ohio musicians inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame include, The Isley Brothers (from Cincinnati) in '92, The Moonglows (from Cleveland) in 2000, The O'Jays (from Canton) in '05, Chrissie Hynde (from Akron) of The Pretenders in '05, and Bobby Womack (from Cleveland) (d.2014) in '09.
 This state is also the home of four major symphony orchestras which are located in Cleveland, Akron, Cincinnati, and Dayton as well as a "pops" orchestra, the Cincinnati Pops.
Philip Irvin Bailey (born May 8, 1951) is an American R&B, soul, gospel and funk singer, songwriter, percussionist and actor, best known as an original member, and one of the two lead singers (along with group founder Maurice White) of the band Earth, Wind & Fire.
 Noted for his four-octave vocal range and distinctive falsetto register, Bailey has won seven Grammy Awards.
 He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Vocal Group Hall of Fame as a member of Earth, Wind & Fire.
 Bailey was also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame for his work with the band.
