The fourth season of "American Ninja Warrior" began on May 20, 2012, and aired on NBC and G4.
 This was a landmark season for "Ninja Warrior", as the entire format was overhauled.
 For the first time, the finals took place on U.S. soil.
 In addition, regional qualifiers were added, taking place in Dallas, TX, Miami, FL, and the series' flagship location, Venice Beach, CA.
 New co-host Jonny Moseley replaced Jimmy Smith, while Angela Sun replaced Alison Haislip.
 Again, the winner would have received $500,000 and the coveted "American Ninja Warrior" title.
 Brent Steffensen became the first contestant to complete the ultimate cliffhanger.
Jennifer Lynne "Jenn" Brown (born March 23, 1981) is an American sports broadcaster and television host.
 A former Division I Collegiate Athlete for the University of Florida, she is often on the sidelines of the biggest college football and baseball games for ESPN.
 She was the first female correspondent for Inside the NFL and can be regularly seen covering both boxing and MMA.
 She spent eight years as a reporter and host for ESPN and recently sidelined the show "American Ninja Warrior".
American Ninja Warrior (sometimes abbreviated as ANW) is an American sports entertainment competition that is a spin-off of the Japanese television series "Sasuke".
 It features hundreds of competitors attempting to complete a series of obstacle courses of increasing difficulty, trying to make it to the national finals on the Las Vegas Strip, in hopes of becoming an "American Ninja Warrior".
 To date only two competitors, rock-climbers Isaac Caldiero and Geoff Britten, have won the course and achieved "Total Victory".
 Caldiero is the only competitor to win the cash prize.
 The series began on the now-defunct cable channel G4 and now airs on NBC with encore episodes airing on USA Network and NBC Sports Network.
Evan "The Rocket" Dollard is a U.S. athlete and rock climber.
 He came to prominence during Season 1 of the rebooted American Gladiators, as the season 1 men's champion.
 He earned his nickname "Rocket" from his speed in Gladiator competition, taking it as his gladiator name, becoming a Gladiator for season 2 of the rebooted American Gladiators.
 He has since appeared prominently in the Ninja Warrior franchise; in American Ninja Warrior (and hence US TV specials for Sasuke called "Ninja Warrior") and the standalone American Ninja Warrior, also using his nickname.
 Dollard also hosts his own web series, "Ninja Quickies".
 He has also competed in local editions of Ninja Warrior.
CircusTrix is an American developer and operator of indoor trampoline and extreme recreation parks.
 The company operates over 30 parks in the United States, Europe, and Asia and is the largest such operator in the world.
 CircusTrix uses numerous brand names for their parks, including Ryze, HighHeaven, Skywalk, 2Infinity, Gravitopia, and numerous others.
 Its parks are composed of interconnected trampolines, soft foam pits, trapezes, slacklines, and "American Ninja Warrior"-inspired obstacle courses.
 In 2016, "American Ninja Warrior" competitor, Kevin Bull, signed an endorsement deal with the company.
 The company is based in both Provo, Utah and Palo Alto, California.
The fifth season of American Ninja Warrior premiered on G4 on June 30, 2013, with subsequent shows airing on both G4 and NBC.
 Host Matt Iseman returned for his fifth season, while newcomers Akbar Gbaja-Biamila and Jenn Brown replaced skier Johnny Moseley and Angela Sun.
 Similar to previous seasons, the winner receives $500,000 and the coveted title, "American Ninja Warrior".
 This also marks the second season Mount Midoriyama was held on U.S. soil.
The second season of "American Ninja Warrior" began on December 8, 2010, in Venice Beach, California where 300 competitors took on the course.
 The 16 semi-finalists moved on to the ""Ninja Warrior Boot Camp"" in the remote California mountains, where they competed in a series of team challenges.
 Then, the final moved on to compete in the season finale of "American Ninja Warrior 2" as a part of "Sasuke 26" at Mount Midoriyama in Japan.
 The series concluded on January 2, 2011.
The sixth season of American Ninja Warrior premiered on NBC on May 26, 2014.
 Hosts Matt Iseman, Akbar Gbaja-Biamila, and Jenn Brown returned for their sixth, second, and second seasons, respectively.
 Similar to previous seasons, the winner receives $500,000 and the coveted title, "American Ninja Warrior".
Timothy "Livewire" Shieff (born March 24, 1988 in Hartford, Connecticut) is a professional English Freerunner.
 He is best known for winning the 2009 "Barclaycard World Freerun Championship" and participating on the television programme MTV's Ultimate Parkour Challenge.
 Shieff uses the nickname "Livewire" while performing freerunning.
 In 2011 and 2012 he appeared in the televised "American Ninja Warrior" competitions.
 In 2014 he appeared on a special "USA vs. The World" edition of "American Ninja Warrior", where he helped lead Team Europe to victory over Team USA and Team Japan, and also competed in "ANW" 's "USA vs. The World II" in 2015.
American Ninja Challenge was a nationwide competition sponsored by G4 TV to send a number of American citizens to Japan to compete in the TBS hit TV show "Sasuke" (known as "Ninja Warrior" in US).
 American Ninja Challenge has been held since "Sasuke" 19 (the 19th competition) and currently merged into the TV series "American Ninja Warrior" that premiered on December 12, 2009 and succeeded American Ninja Challenge.
