Frederick William III (German: "Friedrich Wilhelm III" ) (3 August 1770 – 7 June 1840) was king of Prussia from 1797 to 1840.
 He ruled Prussia during the difficult times of the Napoleonic Wars and the end of the Holy Roman Empire.
 Steering a careful course between France and her enemies, after a major military defeat in 1806, he eventually and reluctantly joined the coalition against Napoleon in the "Befreiungskriege".
 Following Napoleon's defeat he was King of Prussia during the Congress of Vienna which assembled to settle the political questions arising from the new, post-Napoleonic order in Europe.
 He was determined to unify the Protestant churches, to homogenize their liturgy, their organization and even their architecture.
 The long-term goal was to have fully centralized royal control of all the Protestant churches in the Prussian Union of churches.
Joachim Whaley (born September 1954 near London) is a historian and linguist at Cambridge University where he is Professor of German History and Thought.
 He is also a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College.
 He teaches and researches in German history and culture since 1500 and contemporary German politics.
 He also teaches German language and has a special interest in translation.
 He has 27 works in 102 publications in two languages (English and German) and his "Mirrors of mortality: studies in the social history of death" has 24 English editions published between 1981 and 2012.
 He is the author of "Religious Toleration and Social Change in Hamburg, 1529-1819 "(Cambridge, 1985) and of "Germany and the Holy Roman Empire 1493-1806," (Oxford, 2012) a study of the Holy Roman Empire published in two volumes.
 His books on toleration and on the Holy Roman Empire have been translated into German.
 He has also written numerous articles, reviews and contributed to handbooks and lexicons of German history and literature.
 In 2010 he was awarded a Pilkington Teaching Prize by the University of Cambridge.
 Joachim Whaley has been a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society since 1984.
 In 2013 he was awarded a LittD by the University of Cambridge for his books and articles on early modern German history.
 He was elected Fellow of the British Academy in July 2015.
The term France–Habsburg rivalry (French: "Rivalité franco-habsbourgeoise" ; German: "Habsburgisch-Französischer Gegensatz" ) describes the rivalry between the House of Habsburg and the Kingdom of France.
 The Habsburgs were the largest and most powerful royal house of the Holy Roman Empire from the Early Modern Period until the First World War.
 In addition to holding significant amounts of land and influence within the Holy Roman Empire, the Habsburg dynasty ruled Spain under Charles V.
 As the House of Habsburg expanded into western Europe, border friction began with the Kingdom of France, the lands of which extended to the west bank of the Rhine.
 The subsequent rivalry became a cause for several major wars, including the Italian Wars, the Thirty Years' War, the Nine Years' War, the War of Spanish Succession, the War of Austrian Succession, and the Napoleonic Wars.
The Army of the Holy Roman Empire (German "Reichsarmee", "Reichsheer" or "Reichsarmatur"; Latin "exercitus imperii") was created in 1422, and came to an end when the Holy Roman Empire was wound up in 1806, as the result of the Napoleonic Wars.
 It must not be confused with the Imperial Army ("Kaiserliche Armee") of the Emperor.
The Battle of Leitzersdorf was a battle between the Holy Roman Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary in 1484.
 Fuelled by the earlier conflicts of Matthias Corvinus and Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor it marked the end of anti-Ottoman preparations and initiations of a holy war.
 It was the only open field battle of the Austro-Hungarian War, and the defeat meant – in long terms – the loss of the Archduchy of Austria for the Holy Roman Empire.
The monarchs of Prussia were members of the House of Hohenzollern who were the hereditary rulers of the former German state of Prussia from its founding in 1525 as the Duchy of Prussia.
 The Duchy had evolved out of the Teutonic Order, a Roman Catholic crusader state and theocracy located along the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea.
 The Teutonic Knights were under the leadership of a Grand Master, the last of whom, Albert, converted to Protestantism and secularized the lands, which then became the Duchy of Prussia.
 The Duchy was initially a vassal of the Kingdom of Poland, as a result of the terms of the Prussian Homage whereby Albert was granted the Duchy as part of the terms of peace following the Prussian War.
 When the main line of Prussian Hohenzollerns died out in 1618, the Duchy passed to a different branch of the family, who also reigned as Electors of Brandenburg in the Holy Roman Empire.
 While still nominally two different territories, Prussia under the suzerainty of Poland and Brandenburg under the suzerainty of the Holy Roman Empire, the two states are known together historiographically as Brandenburg-Prussia.
 Following the Second Northern War, a series of treaties freed the Duchy of Prussia from any vassalage to any other state, making it a fully sovereign Duchy in its own right.
 This complex situation (where the Hohenzollern ruler of the independent Duchy of Prussia was also a subject of the Holy Roman Emperor as Elector of Brandenburg) laid the eventual groundwork for the establishment of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701.
 For diplomatic reasons, the rulers of the state were known as the King in Prussia from 1701 to 1772; largely because they still owed fealty to the Emperor as Electors of Brandenburg, the "King in Prussia" title (as opposed to "King of Prussia") avoided offending the Emperor.
 As the Prussian state grew through several wars and diplomatic moves throughout the 18th century, it became apparent that Prussia had become a Great Power that did not need to submit meekly to the Holy Roman Empire.
 By 1772, the pretense was dropped, and the style "King of Prussia" was adopted.
 Thus it remained until 1871, when in the aftermath of the Franco-Prussian War, the King of Prussia Wilhelm I was crowned German Emperor.
 From that point forward, though the Kingdom of Prussia retained its status as a constituent state of the German Empire, all remaining Kings of Prussia also served as German Emperor, and that title took precedence.
The uniformity policy was the concept of implementing Swedish law to the dominions of Sweden during the latter's time as an empire.
 It is symbolized by the slogan unus rex, una lex et grex unus ("one king, one law, one people") possibly coined by Johan Skytte, governor-general in Swedish Estonia, Ingria and Livonia.
 However, the phrase is also found in the debates on the possible union of Scotland and England in 1607, when Sir Edwyn Sandys noted King James VI & I's view that for a perfect union there should be unus rex, unus grex, una lex.
 Most notably, the uniformity policy aimed at abolishing serfdom then common in Estonia, Livonia and the Swedish dominons in the Holy Roman Empire (Ingermanland naturally had a free peasantry).
 While implemented in Livonia against the will of the local Baltic German nobles, the Estonian and Pomeranian peasants remained serfs: Estonia had voluntarily submitted to Sweden and thus had been given leeway in keeping the traditional local law code, while Swedish Pomerania had retained its traditional law code when, on behalf of the then ruling Swedish high nobility, the Peace of Westphalia granted it to Sweden while remaining part of the Holy Roman Empire, and not in a formal cession which would have resulted in the implementation of Swedish law.
 Swedish law was thus only introduced to Swedish Pomerania after the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806.
The Corpus Evangelicorum was a league of Protestant imperial states within the Holy Roman Empire that came into existence on 22 July 1653.
 It progenitor was King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden who proposed the Corpus as a body of Protestant states who were allies, or were potential allies, against Ferdinand II, the Holy Roman Emperor, during the Thirty Years' War.
 Gustavus Adolphus proposed that the Corpus Evangelicorum was to be the civil administration alongside the Corpus Bellicum which would be responsible for military concerns.
 The presidency of the Corpus Evangelicorum became associated with the Electorate of Saxony.
 The Corpus lasted until 1806 and the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire during the Napoleonic Wars.
The Duchy of Württemberg (German: "Herzogtum Württemberg" ) was a duchy located in the south-western part of the Holy Roman Empire.
 It was a member of the Holy Roman Empire from 1495 to 1806.
 The dukedom's long survival for nearly four centuries was mainly due to its size, being larger than its immediate neighbors.
 During the Protestant Reformation, Württemberg faced great pressure from the Holy Roman Empire to remain a member.
 Württemberg resisted repeated French invasions in the 17th and 18th centuries.
 Württemberg was directly in the path of French and Austrian armies who were engaged in the long rivalry between the House of Bourbon and the House of Habsburg.
 In 1803, Napoleon raised the duchy to be the Electorate of Württemberg of the Holy Roman Empire, and when he abolished the Empire in 1806, the Electorate was elevated as the Kingdom of Württemberg.
A grand duchy is a country or territory whose official head of state or ruler is a monarch bearing the title of grand duke or grand duchess.
 Relatively rare until the abolition of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806, the term was often used in the official name of countries smaller than most continental kingdoms of modern Europe (e.g., Denmark, Spain, United Kingdom) yet larger than most of the sovereign duchies in the Holy Roman Empire, Italy or Scandinavia (e.g. Anhalt, Lorraine, Modena, Schleswig-Holstein).
 During the 19th century there were as many as 14 grand duchies in Europe at once (a few of which were first created as exclaves of the Napoleonic empire but later re-created, usually with different borders, under another dynasty).
 Some of these were sovereign and nominally independent (Baden, Hesse and by Rhine, Mecklenburg-Schwerin, Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Oldenburg, Saxe-Weimar and Tuscany), some sovereign but held in personal union with larger realms by a monarch whose grand-dukedom was borne as a subsidiary title (Finland, Luxembourg, Transylvania), some of which were client states of a more powerful realm (Cleves and Berg), and some whose territorial boundaries were nominal and the position purely titular (Frankfurt).
