Dante Ross (born October 11, 1965 in San Francisco, California) is an American music industry executive, A&R representative, and producer.
 He was named one of the top-25 greatest A&R representatives in hip hop by "Complex" magazine.
 Ross started his A&R career at Tommy Boy records, at which he signed and handled the careers of such artists as De La Soul, Queen Latifah, and Digital Underground.
 Ross was then hired by Elektra Records and was the first person ever hired by a major label to be specifically a hip hop A and R man.
 Ross became the architect of Elektra Records hip hop roster where he signed acts Brand Nubian, Grand Puba, Pete Rock & C.L Smooth, KMD, Leaders of the New School, Busta Rhymes and Ol’ Dirty Bastard.
 He is currently a SVP of A&R ADA Music the independent distribution company owned by the Warner Music Group.
 He also serves as SVP of A and R for the newly re-activated Asylum records.
Mark Simpson (born 26 September 1988) is a British composer and clarinettist from Liverpool, who won the BBC Young Musician of the Year 2006 title on 20 May 2006, playing Nielsen's Clarinet Concerto with the Northern Sinfonia and Yan Pascal Tortelier at The Sage Gateshead.
 In the same year, Simpson was also the winner of the BBC Young Composer of the Year competition, becoming the only person in history to have ever won both competitions.
 He resides in Merseyside and attended King David High School, Liverpool before attending the Royal Northern College of Music junior department where he studied clarinet with Nicholas Cox.
 He was also Principal Clarinet in the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain, playing a Peter Eaton clarinet.
 After a term at the Royal College of Music, Simpson spent the rest of his gap year in Berlin, and attended St. Catherine's College, Oxford University reading for a BA in Music from 2008-2011.
Eric Person (born 1963 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American alto and soprano saxophone player and leader of Meta-Four and Metamorphosis.
 Since coming to New York City in 1982, Person has performed with a who's who list of legends on the jazz and rock scene.
 He's performed and recorded with jazz masters:McCoy Tyner, Dave Holland, Houston Person, Donald Byrd, Chico Hamilton, John Hicks and World Saxophone Quartet.
 In rock, funk and world music:Vernon Reid, Ben Harper, Ofra Haza and Bootsy Collins.
Prakash Chand Surana was an Indian jeweler, business person, philanthropist and a music connoisseur, known for his efforts to promote Hindustani music.
 He was the co-founder of "Shruti Mandal", a music community in Jaipur and served as its president, under the aegis of which he reportedly attempted to revive Jaipur gharana tradition.
 Founded in 1964, the forum has hosted, over the years, such musicians as Kumar Gandharv, Ravi Shankar, Zakir Hussain, Bhimsen Joshi and Hariprasad Chaurasia.
 Born in 1939 in Jaipur in the Indian state of Rajastan in a Marwari family, he inherited the family jewelry business and contributed to reviving the Kundan meenakari tradition of jewelry making.
 Surana, who was married to Shobha Devi and had two sons, Chandra and Pracheer, died on 5 February 2015, succumbing to a cardiac arrest.
 The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, posthumously in 2016, for his contributions to arts.
 He was also a recipient of Sawai Bhawani Singh Award for excellence in business and industry and Dagar Gharana Award of the Maharana of Mewar Foundation.
Avinash Balkrishna Patwardhan born 30 August 1953 in Nagpur, Maharshatra (India) is a civil engineer and a law graduate who has profound knowledge and interest in Indian classical music.
 He is the first person in recent centuries to unveil and demonstrate the Sarana Chatushtai as originally suggested by Bharata Muni in the Bharata Natya Shastra which is the only way to obtain 22 srutis (notes useful to music) on a musical instrument.
 He started his career as an engineer with the state government of Maharashtra.
 Later he went into teaching civil engineering and eventually joined social work.
 He was a part of the Knit India movement (1985–1988) and Narmada Bachao Andolan (1998-1993) with late Baba Amte.
 He also worked with Dr. Vikas Amte for Earthquake Relief at Killari, Maharashtra (1993–1994).
 He started his research on Indian classical music in the 1990s which led to his work on the Sarana Chatushtai and later he also evolved a methodology to develop perfectly tuned flutes.
Wang Leehom (born May 17, 1976), sometimes credited as Leehom Wang, is a Chinese-American singer-songwriter, record producer, actor and film director.
 He is currently based in Taiwan.
 Formally trained at the Eastman School of Music, Williams College and Berklee College of Music, his musical style is known for fusing Chinese elements (such as Beijing opera, traditional styles of ethnic minorities, Chinese classical orchestra) with hip-hop and R&B.
 Wang debuted in 1995 and since then has released over 25 albums, with sales of over 50 million copies.
 He is also a four-time winner and 19-time nominee of Taiwan's Golden Melody Awards, the "Grammys" of Chinese music.
 His sold-out concert at the 90,000 seat Beijing Bird's Nest on April 14, 2012 was the first solo pop concert to be held at the iconic venue.
 He holds honorary doctoral degrees from both Williams College and Berklee.
 With over 60 million followers on social media, he is one of the most followed celebrities in China (peaked as #1 most followed person in China's social media in 2014).
David Smash (born September 1992) is Lithuanian born musician, composer, singer songwriter and multi instrumentalist.
 David Smash is the only known performer forging a successful career as an innovative blues rock / Americana who was born and raised in Lithuania.
 David has been in United States only since 2012.
 David has appeared on national television in Lithuania such as "Lithuania's Got Talent 2009", "Ring of Young Talents 2010", "Lithuania's Pick for Eurovision 2011", was also featured in a book about Lithuanian rock music - "Lietuvos Roko Istorija " written by a national award winning Lithuanian author Mindaugas Paleckis.
 David Smash has headlined major music festivals in Lithuania and Poland - "Visagino Country 2010", "Bliuzo Naktys 2010", "Wegorzewo 2011", "Most Rockowy 2010".
 David Smash Band recently competed at the International Blues Challenge 2016 and made it as far as to semifinals, an accomplishment not achieved before by any Lithuanian born person.
 While at the International Blues Challenge David Smash jammed with many musicians including the mountain dulcimer player Bing Futch.
Sir Lucian Charles Grainge, CBE, (born 29 February 1960) is the chairman and chief executive officer of Universal Music Group.
 Over the course of his career, he has been instrumental in the careers of artists such as Amy Winehouse, ABBA, Eurythmics, Rihanna, Sam Smith, Take That, Psychedelic Furs, The Rolling Stones, Sting, U2, Jamie Cullum and Andrea Bocelli.
 Grainge has worked in the music business for his entire career.
 In 2013, 2015, and 2016, he topped Billboard Magazine’s “Power 100” list as the most powerful person in the music business, the only person to ever hold that distinction three times and the first to earn that position for consecutive years.
Rahel Ava Indermaur (born 19 July 1980) is a Swiss opera singer and dramatic soprano.
 Indermaur was born and raised in Berneck, Switzerland, a member of the In der Maur family.
 She studied voice and singing at an international school in Berlin, Germany after completing primary school.
 She was taught by Grace Bumbry, Marc Tucker, Charlotte Lehmann, David Lee Brewer, and Jean Ronald LaFond.
 She was awarded the LYRA Music Prize, the Swiss Rotary Club Music Prize, the German Forum New York singing prize, and the Ernst Göhner Prize.
 She was the first person to ever have been awarded the Cantonal Prize for Culture of the Canton of St. Gallen.
 She has performed with the Chamber Opera Leipzig, the Music Theatre Hamburg, the Sorbian National Theatre, the Konstanz Theater, the Teatro Principal in Palma de Mallorca, the Deutsche Oper Berlin, the Chorin Opera Festival, the Berliner Philharmonie, the Tonhalle St. Gallen, the Tonhalle Zürich, the Berlin Chamber Orchestra, the South West Philharmonic, the Lower Silesian Philharmonic, the Dubrovnik Symphony Orchestra, the Antalya Chamber Orchestra, the Brandenburger Bachist, and the Kontanz Chamber Ochestra.
Sir Jeffrey Philip Tate {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (28 April 19432 June 2017) was an English conductor of classical music.
 After studying medicine at the University of Cambridge and beginning a medical career in London, he switched to music and worked under Georg Solti at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, before making his conducting debut in 1979 at the Metropolitan Opera, New York.
 He held conducting appointments with the English Chamber Orchestra, Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra and Hamburg Symphony Orchestra, among others, and was the first person to be appointed principal conductor of the Royal Opera House.
 Tate was born with spina bifida and had an associated spinal curvature.
 As a disabled gay musician, he regarded himself as an outsider in two ways.
 He was knighted for his services to music in 2017.
