Joe Cahill (Irish: Seosamh Ó Cathail ; 19 May 1920 – 23 July 2004) was a prominent figure in the Irish Republican movement in Northern Ireland and former chief of staff of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).
 He joined a junior-republican movement, Na Fianna Eireann, in 1937 and the following year, joined the Irish Republican Army.
 In 1969, Cahill was a key figure in the founding of the Provisional Irish Republican Army.
 During his time in the Provisional IRA, Cahill helped import weapons and raise financial support.
 He served as the chief of staff in 1972, but was arrested the following year when a ship importing weapons was intercepted.
 After his release, he continued to serve on the IRA Army Council and lead all financial dealings for Sinn Féin.
 In the 1990s, the IRA and Sinn Féin began to work on seeking peace.
 Cahill served on the council that called a cessation on 21 July 1996.
 Cahill attended several of the talks that finally led to the Good Friday Agreement on 10 April 1998.
 Shortly after the agreement was made, Cahill resigned as treasurer of Sinn Féin.
 To honour his service, he was made honorary Sinn Féin Vice-President for life.
Pengkhianatan G30S/PKI (; Indonesian for "Treachery of G30S/PKI") is a 1984 Indonesian docudrama written and directed by Arifin C. Noer, produced by G. Dwipayana, and starring Amoroso Katamsi, Umar Kayam, and Syubah Asa.
 Produced over a period of two years with a budget of Rp.
 800 million, the film was sponsored by Suharto's New Order government.
 It was based on an official history of the 30 September Movement (Gerakan 30 September , or G30S) coup in 1965 written by Nugroho Notosusanto and Ismail Saleh, which depicted the coup as being orchestrated by the Communist Party of Indonesia (Partai Komunis Indonesia , or PKI).
Charles Kong Djou (born August 9, 1970) is an American politician who served for 7 months as U.S. Representative for Hawaii's 1st congressional district in 2010–11.
 As a member of the Republican Party, Djou won his congressional seat in a May 2010 special election where the Democratic vote was split between several candidates, but was defeated in the general election in November after the Democratic primary provided a single opponent.
 Djou, who previously served in the Hawaii House of Representatives and the Honolulu City Council, is the first Thai American and the first Chinese American Republican to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives.
 In June 2016, Djou entered the race for Mayor of Honolulu, which he lost to Democratic incumbent Kirk Caldwell.
Brigadier General Raden Panji Nugroho Notosusanto (15 July 1930 – 3 June 1985) was an Indonesian short story writer turned military historian who served as professor of history at the University of Indonesia.
 Born to a noble family in Central Java, he exhibited a high degree of nationalism from a young age.
 During the Indonesian National Revolution from 1945 to 1949 he saw active service as a member of the Student Army, working reconnaissance.
 Despite wanting to remain in the military, under influence by his father he continued his education, eventually enrolling in the faculty of literature at the University of Indonesia.
 During the 1950s he wrote extensively and was active in numerous political and academic groups, finally graduating with a degree in history in 1958.
Richard Allen (June 10, 1830 – May 16, 1909) was a carpenter, contractor, businessman, and African-American Republican politician who was elected to two terms in the Texas House of Representatives.
 Born into slavery in Richmond, Virginia, in 1830, he was brought to Texas in 1837.
 While a slave he built a reputation as a skilled carpenter.
 After emancipation, he became a contractor.
 He built the mansion for Mayor Joseph R. Morris of Houston as well as the first bridge across Buffalo Bayou.
 He became active in Republican politics and was elected to the Twelfth Legislature in 1869.
 He unsuccessfully ran for the United States House of Representatives in 1870.
 He was re-elected to the Thirteenth Legislature, but the election was contested, and his Democratic opponent, Gustave Cook, was seated in his place.
 He unsuccessfully ran for lieutenant governor in 1878, the first member of his race to seek statewide office in Texas.
 He remained active in the Republican party, and attended state and national conventions until 1896.
 Allen also served as a quartermaster in the Texas militia and as a customs officer in Houston.
 He was active in his church and in local community organizations.
 He was married and had five children.
 Upon his death in 1909, he was interred at the Olivewood Cemetery in Houston.
Leonard J. Lance (born June 25, 1952) is the U.S. Representative for New Jersey 's 7 congressional district , serving since 2009.
 He is a member of the Republican Party.
 He previously served in the New Jersey Senate and the New Jersey General Assembly where he had been lauded by legislative peers as a moderate Republican.
 Since 2009, however, his positions have shifted to conservative Republican positions, such as against environmental regulation, and against Planned Parenthood.
 He has been a staunch opponent of the Affordable Care Act and against abortion rights; in 2017 he voted against federally funded insurance plans which provide coverage for abortion.
Donald Mark Trahan, known as Don Trahan (born January 9, 1950), is a Republican former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for Lafayette and Vermilion parishes.
 He served a full legislative term from 2004 to 2008 during the administration of Democratic Governor Kathleen Blanco, also of Lafayette.
 He served less than a year of his second term, having resigned in 2008, when he was succeeded by another Republican and his former opponent, Nancy Landry of Lafayette, who still holds the seat.
Thomas Jeb Hensarling (born May 29, 1957) is an American politician who has served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Texas's 5th congressional district since 2003.
 A member of the Republican Party, Hensarling currently chairs the House Financial Services Committee, and has previously served as the chairman of the House Republican Conference from 2011 to 2013.
 A leading opponent of regulating the financial industry, Hensarling has close ties to Wall Street, having received campaign donations from every major Wall Street bank as well as various payday lenders.
Jonathan Paton (born June 10, 1971) is a former Arizona Republican candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives in Arizona's 8th District and an intelligence officer in the U.S. Army Reserve who served in Operation Iraqi Freedom.
 Paton was first elected to southern Arizona's Legislative District 30 as a member of the Arizona House of Representatives in 2004.
 He won reelection and began his second term in February 2007.
 In 2008, he was elected to the Arizona Senate, again representing Legislative District 30.
 On January 17, 2010, Paton announced he would be challenging Democratic U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords.
 He subsequently resigned from the state Senate to focus his efforts on campaigning for Congress.
 Paton lost in the 2010 Republican primary and endorsed his former opponent, Jesse Kelly.
 He ran for Congress again in 2012, this time in Arizona's newly formed 1st Congressional District, ending in close defeat against Democratic opponent Ann Kirkpatrick.
Iwan Martua Lokot Dongan Simatupang, more commonly known as Iwan Simatupang (18 January 1928 in Sibolga, North Sumatra – 4 August 1970 in Jakarta, Indonesia) was an Indonesian novelist, poet and essayist.
 He joined the Indonesian Student Army (TRIP) and was captured by during the Second Dutch Police Action against the Republic of Indonesia in North Sumatra (1949).
 After he was released, he graduated from high school in Medan.
 He studied in the faculty of medicine in Surabaya but did not graduate and studied Anthropology at the University of Leiden, 1954–56; undertook the Full Course of the International Institute for Social Studies at the Hague, 1957; and Philosophy in Paris with Prof. Jean Wahl of the Sorbonne in 1958.
 He worked as a high school teacher in Surabaya, was editor of "Siasat"(Strategy) magazine, and editor of the "Warta Harian" (Daily News) (1966–1970).
 In 1963, he won second prize from "Sastra" (Literature) magazine for his essay "Kebebasan Pengarang dan Masalah Tanah Air" (Writers freedom and the problems of the Motherland).
