James Alexander "Sandy" Winnefeld Jr. (born April 24, 1956) is a retired(On Special Mission in Afghanistan).
 United States Navy admiral who served as the ninth Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from August 4, 2011 to July 31, 2015.
 He previously served as the fourth Commander, U.S. Northern Command (USNORTHCOM) and the 21st Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) from May 19, 2010 to August 3, 2011.
 Prior to that, Winnefeld served as Director for Strategic Plans and Policy, The Joint Staff which he concurrently served as the Senior Member, U.S. Delegation to the U.N. Military Staff Committee.
 His other operational commands include serving as the Commander, U.S. Sixth Fleet and Commander, Allied Joint Command Lisbon.
 As the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Winnefeld was the second highest-ranking officer in the United States Armed Forces, second only to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
 In 2015, he retired from the Navy after over 37 years of service.
George Walter Hunter Macfarlane (March 1, 1849 – February 20, 1921) was a British businessman, courtier and politician of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
 He served Colonel of the military staff of King Kalākaua, traveling with the monarch on his 1881 world tour.
 He also served as his final chamberlain of king and was at his deathbed in 1891.
The muumuu or muʻ umuʻ u (] ) is a loose dress of Hawaiian origin that hangs from the shoulder.
 Like the aloha shirt, muumuu exports are often brilliantly colored with floral patterns of generic Polynesian motifs.
 Muumuus for local Hawaiian residents are more subdued in tone.
 Muumuus are no longer as widely worn at work as the aloha shirt, but continue to be the preferred formal dress for weddings and festivals such as the Merrie Monarch hula competition.
 Muumuus are also popular as maternity wear because they do not restrict the waist.
The Corps of Military Staff Clerks was an administrative corps of the Canadian Army.
 The Headquarters Corps of Military Staff Clerks was established in 1905.
Fabianne Pomaialoha Wong Dalire, known professionally as Aloha Dalire, (June 22, 1950 – August 6, 2014) was an American Hawaiian kumu hula, or master hula teacher.
 She won the first Miss Aloha Hula as Aloha Wong, in 1971, the same year that the Merrie Monarch Festival was established.
 The Miss Aloha Hula title is hula's top solo wahine (women's) honor.
The Merrie Monarch Festival is a week-long cultural festival that takes place annually in Hilo, Hawaii during the week after Easter.
 It honors King David Kalākaua, who was called the "Merrie Monarch" for his patronage of the arts and is credited with restoring many Hawaiian cultural traditions during his reign, including the hula.
 Many "hālau hula" (schools), including some from the U.S. mainland and some international performers, attend the festival each year to participate in exhibitions and competitions.
 The festival has received worldwide attention and is considered the most prestigious of all hula contests.
Colonel Charles Hastings Judd (September 8, 1835 – April 18, 1890) was an American businessman, rancher, courtier and politician of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
 He served as Chamberlain and Colonel of the military staff of King Kalākaua and traveled with the monarch on his 1881 world tour.
A military staff (often referred to as general staff, army staff, navy staff, or air staff within the individual services) is a group of officers, enlisted and civilian personnel that are responsible for the administrative, operational and logistical needs of its unit.
 It provides bi-directional flow of information between a commanding officer and subordinate military units.
 A staff also provides an executive function where it filters information needed by the commander or shunts unnecessary information.
The Ottoman Military College or Imperial Military Staff College or Ottoman Army War College (Ottoman Turkish: "Mekteb-i Erkân-ı Harbiyye-i Şâhâne"‎ or "Erkân-ı Harbiye Mektebi"), was a two-year military staff college of the Ottoman Empire.
 It was located in Istanbul.
 Its mission was to educate staff officers for the Ottoman Army.
Kalākaua (November 16, 1836 – January 20, 1891), born David Laʻ amea Kamananakapu Mahinulani Naloiaehuokalani Lumialani Kalākaua and sometimes called The Merrie Monarch, was the last king (and second to last monarch) of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻ i.
 He reigned from February 12, 1874 until his death in San Francisco, California, on January 20, 1891.
 Kalākaua had a convivial personality and enjoyed entertaining guests with his singing and ukulele playing.
 At his coronation and his birthday jubilee, the hula that had been banned from public in the kingdom became a celebration of Hawaiian culture.
