A bench hook is a workbench accessory used in woodworking, and its purpose is to provide a stop against which the piece of wood being worked can be firmly held, without having to use the vice, thus saving time.
 It makes handsawing safer and more accurate.
 This simple appliance (three sticks of wood) uses the force of the tool and gravity to hold the workpiece and helps guide the tool blade to keep the cuts right on the line.
 It also allows one to perform with ease (and safety) those cuts that would be terrifying on a power saw and which should be carefully avoided.
 The bench hook is simply a short wooden board with a batten fixed along the top edge (the stop), with another one—called the hook—astened underneath the bottom at the opposite end (see diagram to the right).
 The correct practice is to have the stop shorter than the width of base and offset from one edge, thus allowing the saw to complete the cut without scarring the workbench surface.
 Left handers are obviously obliged to set the stop in reverse.
 In use the bench hook is laid flat over the bench, with the hook hard up against the front edge of same.
 With the workpiece thus firmly held against the stop, is easy to see that no clamps or other mechanical fixing are required, the wood being held in place by the combined pressure of the tool (a saw generally) and the hand.
 Bench hooks are meant to be an aid commonly used with hand tools, such as the backsaw, a hand plane and, somewhat less frequently, a chisel of some kind.
 Although very simple to make, commercially made bench hooks have become increasingly available.
A bench dog is an accessory used on a woodworking workbench to allow clamping of wooden items while being worked or planed.
 Dog in general is something which holds.
 At its most basic a bench dog is simply a peg which is installed in a corresponding "dog hole" in the top of a bench.
 The holes are arranged in a line perpendicular to the vise, perhaps three or four inches apart but certainly no further apart than the fully open distance between the vise's jaws.
Trekking poles (also known as hiking poles, hiking sticks or walking poles) are a common hiking accessory used to assist walkers with their rhythm and provide stability on rough terrain.
An astronomical filter is a telescope accessory used by amateur astronomers to simply enhance the details of celestial objects (much as with amateur photography).
 By contrast professional astronomers rigorously use filters on telescopes in order to understand the astrophysics (such as stellar classification and placement of a celestial body on its Wien Curve), occurring for the object in a given bandpass via photometry.
In gambling jargon, a holdout is any of numerous accessories used by cheats to help them "hold-out" a card (or cards) during a card game.
 Some holdout devices are extremely simple and require moderate or advanced manipulative skill to be used properly.
 On the other hand, there is a group of holdout devices which are mechanical in nature, therefore they fall under a separate category of holdout machines.
 Even if those machines are complex mechanical apparatuses, they still require a good level of skill from the cheat's part, to be used well.
A color scroller or color changer is an electro-mechanical lighting accessory used in theater, film, dance and concerts to change the color projected by stage lighting instruments without the need of a person to be in the vicinity of the light.
 A color scroller moves plastic "gel" color gel [actually dyed polyester and/or other base materials coated with dyes] into the beam of the light.
 It is generally attached to the gel frame holder at the transmitting end of a lighting fixture, so color is introduced after the beam characteristics have been defined by the optics of the lighting instrument.
 Most scrollers are controlled via DMX512 protocol, but some models (e.g. Wybron's Coloram IT) also utilize the RDM protocol.
 When color scrollers were first introduced around 1980, a number of companies produced them, including: Avolites, GAM Products, Morpheus Lights, Rainbow, Rosco Laboratories and Wybron Inc.
 Now the main manufacturers are: A.C. Lighting, Apollo, Morpheus Lights and Rainbow (in alphabetical order).

A cocktail strainer is a metal bar accessory used to remove ice from a mixed drink as it is poured into the serving glass.
 A type of sieve, the strainer is placed over the mouth of the glass or shaker in which the beverage was prepared; small holes in the device allow only liquids to pass as the beverage is poured.
A glass rimmer is a bar accessory used to apply salt or sugar to the rim of a glass.
 It usually consists of one or more shallow plastic or metal discs that the glass is turned upside down into.
 The discs can be filled with either the rimming salt or sugar, or sometimes something to moisten the rim of the glass such as lime juice.
A hold fast is an accessory used on a woodworking workbench and in blacksmithing to fix a workpiece to the top or side of the bench while it is being worked.
A spin disk is an socket wrench accessory used to quickly turn nuts after they have been loosened with the wrench.
