Martin Patterson "Pat" Hingle (July 19, 1924 – January 3, 2009) was an American actor who appeared in hundreds of television shows and feature films.
 His first film was "On the Waterfront" in 1954.
 He often played tough authority figures.
 Hingle was a close friend of Clint Eastwood and appeared in the Eastwood films "Hang 'em High", "The Gauntlet" and "Sudden Impact".
The Longhorn Ballroom is a music venue and country western dance hall in Dallas, Texas (USA).
 It was known in the early 1950s as Bob Wills' Ranch House when the large ballroom was built and operated by O.L. Nelms, an eccentric Dallas millionaire, for his close friend, western swing bandleader Bob Wills.
 When Wills left, O.L. Nelms leased the sprawling dance club to Jack Ruby who later killed Lee Harvey Oswald, John F. Kennedy's accused assassin.
 O.L. Nelms then sold the property to his close friend and business partner Dewey Groom.
Alison Ann Ward is a writer, a painter, American TV actress and co-host of the 2013 Cooking Channel travel-food television series, "Tripping Out with Alie & Georgia".
 She is also a correspondent for the CBS series "Innovation Nation".
 Ward has written for L.A. Weekly and the "Los Angeles Times".
 She has appeared in a handful of TV shows, including "Nash Bridges".
 She achieved notoriety from her "Alie and Georgia" online videos and television appearances, where she and her close friend, Georgia Hardstark, offer up their recipes for some rather odd culinary concoctions, such as the infamous McNuggetini.
During the making of the film Manthiri Kumari in 1950, A.C.Trilogchander was working as a junior assistant on the sets and during the shooting of this film became a close friend of M.G.Ramachandran.
 Producer A.V. Meiyappan noticed his talent and gave A.C.Trilochander his break as the director in 1962 film Veerathirumagan.
 With the success of his debut film, he got one more film to direct under AVM banner which was bilingual made simultaneously as "Main Bhi Ladki Hoon" in Hindi and as "Nannum Oru Penn" in Tamil.
 The latter won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil at 11th National Film Awards and also won Filmfare Award for Best film.
 With this he became a permanent fixture as director with AVM films.
 He became like the fifth son of Mr. A. V. Meiyapan and became close friend of A. V. M. Saravanan.
 Trilogchander directed the fiftieth film produced by AVM banner - Anbe Vaa, a romantic comedy film, in 1966 with M.G.Ramachandran in the lead.He directed for the film produced by K. Balaji - Thangai in 1967.
 He was not only adept at directing social dramas like "Babu" (1971) with Sivaji Ganesan in the lead, "Ramu" (1966) with Gemini Ganesan as the hero but also romantic dramas such as Iru Malargal and Anbalippu as well as the romantic comedies Anbe Vaa and Anbe Aaruyire.
 He was given the task of directing the first bilingual suspense thriller film from AVM banner in 1967 which was Ave Kallu in Telugu and Adhey Kangal in Tamil.
 He directed the pair Sivaji Ganeshan and Jayalalitha in 5 films - Deiva Magan, Dharmam Engey, Engirundho Vandhaal, Enga Mama, Avanthan Manidhan.
 He directed Rajesh Khanna in "Babu" in 1985 which became a hit.
 His other acclaimed Tamil films include "Thirudan", "Aval", "Dheerga Sumangali", "Vasandatil Oru Naal", "Bhadrakali", "Anbe Aaruyire" and "Bharata Vilas".
 He was known to co-ordinate the colour schemes of the actors' outfits with the sets designed for the film.
Kyle Craig is a fictional character and antagonist in James Patterson's series of novels featuring Washington, D.C. detective Alex Cross.
 Craig, a Special Agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, is initially a close friend of Cross and assists the detective in his high-profile investigations, and also occasionally asks Cross for help with his own cases.
 However, in the 2001 novel "Roses Are Red", Craig is revealed to be a criminal who calls himself "The Mastermind", having organized a series of brutal bank robberies and murders.
 He is eventually brought to justice by Cross.
 From "Violets Are Blue" onwards, Craig is one of Cross' most formidable adversaries.
 In the film adaptations of Patterson's novels "Kiss the Girls" and "Along Came a Spider", Craig is played by Jay O. Sanders.
Damon Dark is an independent public access TV series and web series from Australia about a heroic and obsessive investigator of UFO incidents and other strange cases, created by Australian writer, actor and film maker Adrian Sherlock.
 Damon James Dark became a dedicated alien investigator after a close encounter during his teenage years.
 He is associated with both the secret service and friendly aliens, including a character called Vincent Kosmos (an alien time traveller) and Trans-Dimensional Control (an alien law enforcement agency).
 The character of Damon Dark has appeared in a 5-week TV series on Community TV 31 in Melbourne Australia, a self-published novel ("Biodome") on Amazon's createspace platform and a long running web series on YouTube.
 He has also been involved in related web series "Young Damon Dark" and "Vincent Kosmos."
 He has also been the focus of a one actor stage drama.
 The character of Damon Dark has been played by Adrian Sherlock, Bruce Hughes, Aiden Sherlock and Jack Knoll.
 Damon Dark is a loner, dresses in black, has a huge experience of aliens and their technology.
 Damon is characterized by his high intelligence, idealistic moral outlook and wry sense of humor.
 His best friend in the series is the long-suffering Gary Sutton, played by actor Robert Trott.
 Damon Dark began in 1999, with a five-part weekly series on Melbourne's Community TV 31, (although the pilot was shot in 1996 and the show had been in development since 1990) following a screening of a 65-minute version of the story "Maddox" at the 57th World Science Fiction Convention (Aussiecon Three) held in Melbourne.
 The series was later revived as a YouTube webseries which inspired several related webseries, including "The Young Damon Dark Adventures" in which the character is played as a teenager, and Vincent Kosmos, (created by and starring Chris Heaven, , an Italian actor and musician, about a renegade alien character who is a friend of Damon.
Dr. Kildare is an NBC medical drama television series which originally ran from September 28, 1961 until August 30, 1966, for a total of 191 episodes over five seasons.
 Produced by MGM Television, it was based on fictional doctor characters originally created by author Max Brand in the 1930s and previously used by MGM in a popular film series and radio drama.
 The TV series quickly achieved success and made a star of Richard Chamberlain, who played the title role.
 "Dr. Kildare" (along with an ABC medical drama, "Ben Casey", which premiered at the same time) inspired or influenced many later TV shows dealing with the medical field.
Virginia Foster Durr (August 6, 1903 – February 24, 1999) was an American and a white civil rights activist and lobbyist.
 She was born in Birmingham, Alabama in 1903 to Dr. Sterling Foster, an Alabama Presbyterian minister, and Ann Patterson Foster.
 At 22 she married lawyer Clifford Durr, with whom she had 5 children, one of whom died in infancy.
 Durr was a close friend of Rosa Parks and Eleanor Roosevelt, and was sister-in-law (through her sister's marriage) to and a good friend of Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black who sat on many crucial civil rights cases.
 Her circle of friends extended to Alger Hiss.
 She was inducted into the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame in 2006.
Clinton Eastwood Jr. (born May 31, 1930) is an American actor, filmmaker, musician, and political figure.
 After achieving success in the Western TV series "Rawhide", he rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone's "Dollars" Trilogy of Spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s, and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five "Dirty Harry" films throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
 These roles, among others, have made Eastwood an enduring cultural icon of masculinity.
"Diras que estoy loco" is a 2006 song recorded by Spanish singer and actor Miguel Ángel Muñoz.
 It was the lead single from his album "MAM" and was released first in 2004 in Spain, then in June 2006 in other countries.
 The song was originally performed by the character he performed, Roberto Arenales, in TV series "Un Paso Adelante".
 In 2004, the song was ranked #1 in Spain for eleven consecutive weeks, with over 180,000 units sold.
 It was released two years later and achieved success in France, Spain and Italy where it was a top three hit, supported by a new version of the music video.
