Welcome to Yorkshire (WTY) is the official tourism agency for the traditional county of Yorkshire, the UK's largest county, promoting Yorkshire tourism both nationally and internationally.
 It was formerly known as the Yorkshire Tourist Board until 2009, but underwent a rebranding: a new Welcome to Yorkshire brand, a new website, the launching of various new marketing campaigns and a move to the present site in Leeds, West Yorkshire.
 The stated aim of the organisation is: 'to grow the county’s visitor economy'.
 The current Chief Executive is Sir Gary Verity.
E. L. Senanayake Children's Park (formerly known as George E. De Silva Park) is an Urban Children's park in the city of Kandy, Central Province, Sri Lanka.
 Situated at the Ampitiya junction along the Kandy Lake Round Road, it the first children’s park, and one of the oldest parks in the city.
 The park is named in honour of E. L. Senanayake, former Mayor of Kandy and prominent Sri Lankan Politician.
The Presidential Archives and Leadership Library (formerly, the Presidential Museum) is a museum and library complex located at 4919 East University Blvd. in Odessa, Texas, on the campus of the University of Texas of the Permian Basin.
 Unlike the many presidential libraries, the museum is dedicated to the office of the President of the United States, rather than any individual who has held the position.
 The museum-library was originally located in downtown Odessa, but under legislation authored in 1999 by the late State Representative George E. "Buddy" West of Odessa and signed into law by then Governor George W. Bush, the Museum moved into a new building adjacent to the Ellen Noel Art Museum on the UTPB campus.
George E. Blake (b. 17 August 1774 England; d. 23 February 1871 Philadelphia) was an American music engraver and publisher.
 He was born in Yorkshire, England and, according to his obituary in the "Philadelphia Evening Telegraph", emigrated to the United States when he was sixteen.
 Other sources disagree on the exact year he arrived in America.
 What is clear though is that by 1793, he began teaching the flute and the clarinet in Philadelphia, operating out of a room above the shop of music publisher John Aitken on South Third Street.
 During this period, the city was being ravaged by an outbreak of yellow fever.
 Unlike many others, Blake chose to stay instead of fleeing the city.
 He remained in Philadelphia for the rest of his long life.
In 1909, after E. H. Close left the George E. Pomeroy Company, he established the E. H. Close Company.
 Close had played a significant part in what was then suburban development in and around Toledo, Ohio; these developments included most notably and Ottawa Hills, but also the lesser known developments of Halsted Heights, Hillcrest Gardens, Homewood Park, Home Acres, and others.
The George E. Stubbins House, also known as the Reibsamen-Weiland House, is a historic residence located in Britt, Iowa, United States.
 George E. Stubbins was a local merchant who built the first brick commercial block in town, and served as Britt's first mayor.
 Mary Reibsamen in 1922, and it has remained in that family at least into the late 1990s.
 The house is considered one of the finest Eastlake houses in Iowa.
 Its Gothic Revival influences, which include the corner oriel window, the gabled and bracketed roof over the first-story bay, and the vergeboards, are combined with its cross-gable hip roof from the Queen Anne style to fully express the Stick style.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Coronation Drive Retaining Wall is a heritage-listed embankment at Coronation Drive, Brisbane City, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
 It was formerly known as the North Quay retaining wall.
 It was designed by Thomas Kirk and built from 1887 to 1887 by George E Willcocks.
 It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
The George E. Trelease Memorial Baseball Park is a baseball stadium located on the campus of Western New England University in Springfield, Massachusetts.
 It is currently home to the Western New England University Golden Bears baseball team.
 The Golden Bears who compete in NCAA Division III and in The Commonwealth Coast Conference.
George E. Hood is an ultra athlete, certified personal trainer (NESTA) and a Group-X instructor.
 Hood also owns and operates a successful business known as Oceanside Paddleboard in Oceanside, CA.www.OceansidePaddleboard.com.
 George holds 7 world records.
 He has set a total of 6 Guinness World Records and one independent world record for the plank set in Beijing, China in June, 2014 which was certified in the media and by the Assist World Records organization in India.http://www.china.org.cn/wap/2014-06/24/content_32752425.htm George previously held the Guinness World Record for the prone hold, or plank at 3 hours, 7 minutes, and 15 seconds set on 20 April 2013.
http://www.thepostgame.com/blog/eye-performance/201304/george-hood-sets-planking-record-again
KGEC-LD Channel 26 (KGEC-TV on the air and formerly known as "FamilyTV 26") is an independent broadcast television station based in Redding, California.
 It is currently owned by Cooper Communications, LLC.
 The station's call letters are named after the station's primary founder, longtime owner and chief executive officer George E. Cooper.
 Millie Cooper-Brogan serves as the station's president and general manager.
 KGEC is seen on UHF (low-power) channel 26 from Redding south and is on Charter Digital Cable channel 94 in the Redding and Red Bluff areas only.
