Damien Francis Broderick (born 22 April 1944) is an Australian science fiction and popular science writer and editor of some 70 books.
 His science fiction novel "The Dreaming Dragons" (1980) introduced the trope of the generation time machine, his "The Judas Mandala" (1982) contains the first appearance of the term "virtual reality," and his 1997 popular science book The Spike was the first to investigate the technological Singularity in detail.
Universum is an Austrian popular science magazine published in German and based in Vienna, Austria.
 The magazine is the only Austrian publication in the field of popular science, because Germany-published magazines dominate the field in the country.
 The magazine is financially supported by the Austrian National Science Foundation.
David Bradley (born 1966 in England) is a British journalist specializing in science and technology.
 After graduating in 1988 with a degree in Chemistry from Newcastle University, he began his career in technical editing at the Royal Society of Chemistry in 1989 and built up a freelance writing business in his spare time before going full-time freelance in the mid-1990s.
 He has contributed to a wide range of popular science publications, including "Popular Science", "American Scientist", "New Scientist" and "Science".
 As well as numerous newspapers ("The Guardian", "The Daily Telegraph") and trade magazines ("Chemistry in Britain", "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America", "Nature"), and websites (ChemWeb.com, BioMedNet.com, SpectroscopyNOW.com).
Tor Nørretranders (born June 20, 1955) is a Danish author of popular science.
 He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark.
 His books and lectures have primarily been focused on light popular science and its role in society, often with Nørretranders' own advice about how society should integrate new findings in popular science.
 He introduced the notion of exformation in his book The User Illusion.
Pavel Iustinovich Marikovsky (Russian: Павел Иустинович Мариковский ; July 28, 1912 – November 10, 2008) was a Russian entomologist, arachnologist, and popular science author known for his research in ants and the insect fauna of Kazakhstan and Central Asia, as well as over 60 popular science books, which made him one of the most popular science promoters of the former Soviet Union.
 His 1954 monograph "Tarantula and Karakurt" ("Тарантул и Каракурт ") is still used by zoologists, and his most popular general science books include "For the Young Entomologist", "In Talas Alatau" and "Across the Semirechye".
 He served in the Great Patriotic War (the Eastern Front of World War II), earning several honors including Order of the Red Star, Order of the Patriotic War, and Order of the Badge of Honour.
Popular Science (also known as PopSci) is an American bi-monthly magazine carrying popular science content, which refers to articles for the general reader on science and technology subjects.
 "Popular Science" has won over 58 awards, including the American Society of Magazine Editors awards for its journalistic excellence in both 2003 (for General Excellence) and 2004 (for Best Magazine Section).
 With roots beginning in 1872, "Popular Science" has been translated into over 30 languages and is distributed to at least 45 countries.
Popular science (also pop-science or popsci) is interpretation of science intended for a general audience.
 While science journalism focuses on recent scientific developments, popular science is more broad-ranging.
 It may be written by professional science journalists or by scientists themselves.
 It is presented in many forms, including books, film and television documentaries, magazine articles, and web pages.
Astrobiology Magazine (exploring the solar system and beyond), or Astrobiology Mag, is an American NASA-sponsored international online popular science magazine containing popular science content, which refers to articles for the general reader on science and technology subjects.
 The magazine reports on missions of NASA and other space agencies, as well as presents news of relevant research conducted by various institutions, universities, and non-profit groups.
 In addition, the magazine provides a forum through which researchers and the general public can oversee the progress made in fields of study that are associated with the science of astrobiology.
 According to Phys.org, the magazine has a "vast archive of stories covering a broad array of topics ... [and] covers science and nature topics relevant to space, innovation and biology, with an emphasis on the existence, detection and exploration of life in the universe".
 The magazine was created by Helen Matsos, presently Chief Editor and Executive Producer, and began publication in 2000.
Li Sizhong (; 2/19 1921 – 1/11, 2009) was an ichthyologist with the Institute of Zoology (中国科学院动物研究所 ) at the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
 Throughout his research career, he made numerous discoveries of new fish species (or subspecies), and published many books and research papers describing the fauna and geographical distribution of fishes in China and beyond.
 He translated and helped publication of the Chinese editions of "Fishes of the World" (2nd edition, by Joseph S. Nelson) and "Fish Migration" (a popular science book by Russian zoologist ).
 Li was the major author of two published volumes in the Fauna Sinica monograph series, systematically reviewing and describing orders of bony fishes that include flat fish, cod, silverside, pearlfish, killifish, flying fish, etc. in or near China.
 He had written over 40 popular science articles about fish on Chinese newspapers and magazines, and been responsible for compiling and editing fish-related entries in several standard reference books (including Encyclopedia of China).
Naturen (English: The Nature ) is a Norwegian popular science magazine, which has been published since 1877 in Bergen, Norway.
 It is the earliest still running popular science magazine of the country.
