Kunal Karan Kapoor (born 22 August 1982 in Mumbai, India) is an Indian actor.
 In 2013, he won the 'Best Actor(male)-Popular' for Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha at the Indian Telly Awards for which he is highly noted.
 His role as Mohan Bhatnagar gave him a huge fan base and made him the most perfect telly actor.
 He went on to become the "King of expressions" also.
 At 2017 he made his return after two years of gap, and recently" he has made his (new album) 'Adda with his co-actor Ritabhari Chakraborty.
The Blank family is a family of Jews, some of whom converted to Orthodox Christianity in the Russian Empire, mostly notable as the immediate ancestry of the maternal grandfather of Vladimir Lenin according to various published researchers who suggest that Lenin's maternal grandfather was a Jewish convert to Christianity (Alexander Blank).
 Whether or not Lenin, whose matrilineal "Blank" surname also traces to non-Jewish German roots, was actually partly descended from the Jewish Blank family remains contested.
Loha is a 1987 Hindi film directed by Raj N. Sippy.
 It was released in India on 23 January 1987.
 It stars Dharmendra, Shatrughan Sinha, Karan Kapoor, Madhavi, Mandakini and Amrish Puri.
 The film was one of that year's highest grossing films.
 The film became Dharmendra's first hit of the year 1987, where he went on to deliver 7 more outright hits and hence, represented one of his best career years as well as an all-time record year for any Hindi film star.
 The film's music became popular also, most notably, ""Isa Pir na musa pir, sabse bada hain paisa pir"" picturised beautifully on the male leads of the film.
Karan Kapoor (born 18 January 1962) is a former Indian film actor and model of British and Indian descent.
 He is the son of Indian Bollywood International Actor Shashi Kapoor and his India settled (late) British Actress Jennifer Kendal.
 His paternal grandfather was Prithviraj Kapoor and his paternal uncles are Raj Kapoor and Shammi Kapoor.
 His elder brother Kunal Kapoor and sister Sanjana Kapoor have also acted in some films but like him they were not very successful.
 His maternal grandparents, Geoffrey Kendal and Laura Kendal, were actors who toured India and Asia with their theatre group, Shakespeareana, performing Shakespeare and Shaw.
 The Merchant Ivory film, "Shakespeare Wallah", was loosely based on the family, which starred his father and his aunt, actress Felicity Kendal.
 Karan later moved towards photography and decided to be a part of this profession though he worked as an actor too.
Senhime or Lady Sen (千姫 ) (May 26, 1597 – March 11, 1666) was the eldest daughter of the shogun Tokugawa Hidetada and his wife Oeyo.
 She was born during the Warring-States period of Japanese history.
 Her paternal grandfather was the founder of the Tokugawa shogunate, Tokugawa Ieyasu; her maternal grandfather was Azai Nagamasa; her grandmother was Oichi, whose brother was Oda Nobunaga.
 When she was six or seven, her grandfather married her off to Toyotomi Hideyori, who was the son of Toyotomi Hideyoshi.
Hrithik Roshan is an Indian actor known for his work in Bollywood films.
 As a child, he made uncredited appearances in three films directed by his maternal grandfather, J. Om Prakash, the first of which was in "Aasha" (1980).
 In 1986, Roshan played the adopted son of Rajinikanth's character in Prakash's crime drama "Bhagwaan Dada".
 Roshan subsequently worked as an assistant director on four films, including "Khudgarz" (1987) and "Karan Arjun" (1995), all of which were directed by his father, Rakesh.
Francesco Pesellino (probably 1422–July 29, 1457), also known as Francesco di Stefano, Il Pesellino, Francesco Peselli, and Francesco di Stefano Pesellino was an Italian (Florentine) painter.
 His father was the painter Stefano di Francesco (died 1427), and his maternal grandfather was the painter Giuliano Pesello (1367–1446), from whose name the diminutive nickname of "Pesellino" arose.
 After the death of his father in 1427, the young Francesco Pesellino went to live with his grandfather, Giuliano Pesello, adopting his name.
 Francesco Pesellino remained in his grandfather’s studio until the latter’s death, when he joined the studio of Filippo Lippi (ca.1406-1469).
 He married in 1442, and probably joined the Florence painters' guild in 1447.
 In the following years he made a reputation with small, highly finished, works, either religious subjects for predellas or private devotions, or secular subjects, often for insetting into furniture or panelling.
Maestro Armando Manuel Aurelio Ortega Carrillo was Director of Coro de la Escuela Secundaria y de Bachilleres de Orizaba (ESBO).
 His maternal great grandfather was the philanthropist Don Manuel Carrillo Tablas, who served as mayor of Orizaba, Veracruz, Mexico many times.
 His maternal grandfather (Manuel Carrillo Iturriaga) was also a member of the Mexican Legislature at the turn of the 20th century.
 His paternal grandfather was the illustrious Professor Don Aurelio Ortega y Placeres, considered one of the most brilliant educators of public instruction the state of Veracuz, Mexico produced.
 His father was the renowned poet and educator, Professor Don Aurelio Ortega Castañeda, who baptized the city of Orizaba with the title of "Nuestra Señora de los Puentes"("Our Lady of the bridges").
Sultanat is a 1986 Bollywood film written and directed by Mukul S. Anand.
 The film stars Dharmendra, Sunny Deol, Sridevi, Amrish Puri, Shakti Kapoor, Tom Alter and marked the debut of Karan Kapoor (son of Shashi Kapoor) and Juhi Chawla.
 It was not a success at the box-office.
 It was the first film in which Dharmendra appeared alongside his son Sunny Deol.
Baron O'Hagan, of Tullahogue in the County of Tyrone, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created on 14 June 1870 for Sir Thomas O'Hagan, then Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
 His younger son, the third Baron, served as a Lord-in-Waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) from 1907 to 1910 in the Liberal administrations of Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman and H. H. Asquith and was later a Deputy Speaker of the House of Lords.
 In 1909 Lord O'Hagan assumed by Royal licence the additional surname of Towneley, which was that of his maternal grandfather.
 s of 2010 the title is held by his grandson, the fourth Baron, who succeeded in 1961.
 He is the son of the Hon. Thomas Anthony Edward Towneley Strachey (d. 1955).
 Lord O'Hagan was a Member of the European Parliament for Devon from 1973 to 1975 and again from 1979 to 1994, first as an independent and later as a Conservative.
 He assumed in 1938 by deed poll the additional Christian name of Towneley and the surname of Strachey in lieu of his patronymic.
 Strachey was the surname of his maternal grandfather Edward Strachey, 1st Baron Strachie.
