Chet Raymo (born September 17, 1936 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is a noted writer, educator and naturalist.
 He is Professor Emeritus of Physics at Stonehill College, in Easton, Massachusetts.
 His weekly newspaper column "Science Musings" appeared in the Boston Globe for twenty years.
 This is now a daily blog by him.
 Raymo espouses his Religious Naturalism in "When God is Gone Everything is Holy – The Making of a Religious Naturalist" and frequently in his blog.
 As Raymo says – "I attend to this infinitely mysterious world with reverence, awe, thanksgiving, praise.
 All religious qualities."
Cosmic Variance is a collaborative weblog discussing physics, astrophysics, and other topics, written by JoAnne Hewett, Mark Trodden, Sean Carroll, Risa Wechsler, Julianne Dalcanton, John Conway, and Daniel Holz.
 It is the successor to Carroll's earlier blog Preposterous Universe, which began in early 2004 and ran through much of 2005.
 The blog's name comes from the cosmology concept of cosmic variance.
Jeremy Parzen (born 1967, Chicago, Illinois, United States) is an American wine writer and educator, blogger, food and wine historian, and musician who resides in Houston, Texas.
 He is author of the wine and lifestyle blog, Do Bianchi, and was a co-editor, together with Italian wine writer Franco Ziliani, of VinoWire, a blog devoted to news from the world of Italian wine.
Lena Chen is a feminist, freelance writer, former blogger, and graduate of Harvard College, where she co-organized the Feminist Coming Out Day campaign in 2010.
 Born in San Francisco, California and raised in Los Angeles, Lena studied sociology and minored in Studies of Women, Gender, & Sexuality.
 Best known for her work on the blog "Sex and the Ivy", she also wrote the blog "The Chicktionary" and was the founding editor of CollegeOTR, a news and entertainment blog network.
Ryan J. Bell (born September 26, 1971) is an American former Seventh-day Adventist pastor who became an atheist after spending a "year without God" as an experiment.
 He has publicly spoken about his experiences before, during, and after this year, and he wrote about it in his blog "Year Without God" (later hosted by Patheos).
 He is a regular contributor at the "The Huffington Post" and, in August 2015, launched a new blog and podcast "Life After God."
John Michael Scalzi II (born May 10, 1969) is an American science fiction author and former president of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America.
 He is best known for his "Old Man's War" series, three novels of which have been nominated for the Hugo Award, and for his blog "Whatever", where he has written on a number of topics since 1998.
 He won the Hugo Award for Best Fan Writer in 2008 based predominantly on that blog, which he has also used for several charity drives.
 His novel "Redshirts" won the 2013 Hugo Award for Best Novel.
 He has written non-fiction books and columns on diverse topics such as finance, video games, films, astronomy, writing and politics, and served as a creative consultant for the TV series "Stargate Universe".
Jarrod Kimber (born 7 January 1980) is a cricket writer who came to prominence as the founder of the cricketwithballs blog.
 Kimber was the editor of SPIN cricket Magazine in 2011, is currently working for ESPNCricinfo where started as a blogger on "The Cricket Sadist Hour" blog and starring in "The Chuck Fleetwood-Smiths" video series and also works for TalkSPORT 2.
William Schoell (pronounced "shoal") is an American author, biographer and film historian, born in Manhattan in 1951 and educated in Vermont, earning a B.A. from Castleton State College.
 He has written several horror and science fiction novels, such as "Late at Night" (1986) and "Saurian" (1988).
 He was the author of "Hidden Horrors," a column in the now defunct horror magazine "The Scream Factory", as well as a contributor of articles and reviews to periodicals including "Writer", "Writer's Digest", "Paris Notes", "Off Duty", and "BBC Music".
 He was also a talk show radio host and producer.
 More recently, he has published books that deal with film, and biographies, some of which were written together with Hollywood biographer Lawrence J. Quirk, his domestic partner.
 His play "Joe and Janice" premiered at the American Theater of Actors in 2000.
 He writes a popular blog on movies called Great Old Movies.
 Prominent in the Gay Rights Movement in the 1970s, he now has a blog called "Ask Gay "Dr." Bill," which answers questions about gay life and the LGBT community.
Diesel Washington (born April 11, 1976) is an African American pornographic actor and male escort best known as a dominant top in gay adult films.
 He was previously a Titan Men exclusive model.
 Diesel has won several Grabby Awards, most recently—in 2009—as performer of the year and as author of his blog which combines news from the gay adult industry with personal reflections and photos, many featuring the performer himself.
 In 2008, the International Escort Awards or "Hookies" recognized him as the year's best fetish escort, while in 2010 he won a Hookies award for his blog.
John Gruber (born 1973) is a writer, blog publisher, UI designer, and the inventor of the Markdown publishing format.
 Gruber is from the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, area.
 He received his Bachelor of Science in computer science from Drexel University, then worked for Bare Bones Software (2000–02) and Joyent (2005–06).
 Since 2002, he has written and produced Daring Fireball, a technology-focused blog.
 He hosts a related podcast called "The Talk Show".
 In 2013, Gruber, Brent Simmons, and Dave Wiskus founded Q Branch, to develop the Vesper notes app.
