This is a list of islands of Tasmania, the smallest and southernmost state of Australia.
 The Tasmanian mainland itself is an island, with an area of 64,103 km2 - 94.1% of the total land area of the state of Tasmania.
 The eleven next largest islands have a combined area of 3,826 km2 , for a cumulative total of 99.75% of the state.
 Over 300 smaller islands make up the remaining 173 km2 of total land area.
The Ashanti Region is located in south Ghana and is third largest of 10 administrative regions, occupying a total land surface of 24389 km2 or 10.2 per cent of the total land area of Ghana.
 In terms of population, however, it is the most populated region with a population of 4,780,380 according to the 2010 census, accounting for 19.4% of Ghana’s total population.
 The Ashanti Region is known for its major gold bar and cocoa production.
 The largest city and regional capital is Kumasi.
The Philippines is an archipelago that consists of 7,641 islands with a total land area of 301780 km2 .
 The 11 largest islands contain 95% of the total land area.
 The largest of these islands is Luzon at about 105000 km2 .
 The next largest island is Mindanao at about 95000 km2 .
 The archipelago is around 800 km from the Asian mainland and is located between Taiwan and Borneo.
The Kingdom of the Isles comprised the Hebrides, the islands of the Firth of Clyde and the Isle of Man from the 9th to the 13th centuries AD.
 The islands were known to the Norse as the "Suðreyjar", or "Southern Isles" as distinct from the "Norðreyjar" or Northern Isles of Orkney and Shetland.
 The historical record is incomplete and the kingdom was probably not a continuous entity throughout the entire period.
 The islands concerned are sometimes referred to as the "Kingdom of Mann and the Isles", although only some of the later rulers claimed that title.
 At times the rulers were independent of external control, although for much of the period they had overlords in Norway, Ireland, England, Scotland or Orkney.
 At times there also appear to have been competing claims for all or parts of the territory.
 The islands involved have a total land area of over 8300 km2 and extend for more than 500 km from north to south.
Aonghus Mór mac Domhnaill (died c.1293) was a leading figure in the thirteenth-century kingdoms of the Isles and Scotland.
 He was a son of Domhnall mac Raghnaill, the eponym of Clann Domhnaill, a branch of Clann Somhairle.
 Aonghus Mór appears to have succeeded his father in the mid part of the thirteenth century.
 At the time, the rulers of the Isles were fiercely independent of the Scottish Crown, and owed nominal allegiance to the distant Norwegian Crown.
 Aonghus Mór's first certain appearance in the historical record seems to evince his involvement in aiding native Irish kindreds against the consolidation of Anglo-Irish authority in the north-west Ireland.
 Such cooperation could have been undertaken in the context of overseas kindreds like Clann Domhnaill constructing Irish alliances to gain assistance against Scottish encroachment.
The Kingdom of the Isles comprised the Hebrides, the islands of the Firth of Clyde and the Isle of Man from the 9th to the 13th centuries AD.
 The islands were known to the Norse as the "Suðreyjar", or "Southern Isles" as distinct from the "Norðreyjar" or Northern Isles of Orkney and Shetland.
 The historical record is incomplete, and the kingdom was not a continuous entity throughout the entire period.
 The islands concerned are sometimes referred to as the Kingdom of Mann and the Isles, although only some of the later rulers claimed that title.
 At times the rulers were independent of external control, although for much of the period they had overlords in Norway, Ireland, England, Scotland or Orkney.
 At times there also appear to have been competing claims for all or parts of the territory.
 The islands involved have a total land area of over 8300 km2 and extend for more than 500 km from north to south.
Lord of Islay was a thirteenth- and fourteenth-century title borne by the chiefs of Clann Domhnaill before they assumed the title "Lord of the Isles" in the late fourteenth century.
 The first person regarded to have styled themself "Lord of Islay" is Aonghus Mór, son of the eponymous ancestor of the clan, Domhnall mac Raghnaill.
 The designation "of Islay" was frequently used by these lords and later members of the clan.
Jaluit Atoll (Marshallese: Jālwōj , , or Jālooj , ) is a large coral atoll of 91 islands in the Pacific Ocean and forms a legislative district of the Ralik Chain of the Marshall Islands.
 Its total land area is 11.34 km2 , and it encloses a lagoon with an area of 690 km2 .
 Most of the land area is on the largest islet (motu) of Jaluit (10.4 km²).
 Jaluit is approximately 220 km southwest of Majuro.
 Jaluit Atoll is a designated conservation area and Ramsar Wetland.
National parks of Taiwan are protected spaces for their nature, wildlife, and history in its current jurisdiction.
 Currently there are nine national parks in Taiwan, all are under the administration of the Ministry of the Interior.
 These national parks covers 7489.49 km2 .
 The 3103.76 km2 total land area constitutes around 8.6% of the entire land area of the country.
Forests in Himachal Pradesh currently cover an area of nearly 37,691 sqkm , which is about 38.3% of the total land area of the state.
 The forests were once considered to be the main source of income of the state and most of the original forests were clear felled.
 The emphasis has shifted, however, from exploitation to conservation.
 The state government aims to increase forest cover to 50% of the total land area.
 There have been various projects, including the establishment of protected areas such as National Parks, designed to preserve and expand the forests.
