The Volvo T6 was a concept car from Volvo presented in 2005 at SEMA.
 There was just one hand-built copy, although there was some discussion about a limited production run.
 It is powered by a twin-turbocharged 2.9-liter inline 6-cylinder engine from Volvo S80 giving 300 bhp and a top speed of 205 mph .
 The engine is located behind the driver.
 Its design is obviously inspired by hot rod cars.
 It was named the 2004 "Hot Rod of the Year" by Hot Rod Magazine.
 It was designed by Per Gyllenspetz from Labyrint studio and built by Leif Tufvesson.
 Many believe the shape and body to take inspiration from the Plymouth Prowler because much like the Prowler, the T6 was designed to be a modern take on the classic hot rod.
The Green Leaf is an experimental rock & roll band from San Diego, California led by Mark Whitney Mehran (MWM).
 The Green Leaf was formed in 1992 and released its first full length original album titled Green Leaf in 1995.
 MWM composes, arranges, and plays all of the instruments and vocals on The Green Leaf recordings after 1996.
 In the 1990s The Green Leaf toured the independent music club scene for a number of years playing live shows as a traditional three piece rock outfit.
 In 2007 Mark Whitney Mehran teamed up with Harley Davidson of Deadbolt (band) to record original instrumental music for the HOT ROD SURF How To Service Your Hot Rod!
 movie.
 The Green Leaf music is published by HOT ROD SURF Publishing (ASCAP).
Rodimus Prime is the name of several fictional characters from the Transformers franchise.
 He was formerly known as Hot Rod and was first seen in "" but was reformatted into Rodimus Prime when he received the Autobot Matrix of Leadership from his mentor Optimus Prime, and assumed the role of the movie's protagonist.
 Hasbro has used the names Autobot Hot Rod, Rodimus, Rodimus Major, and Hot Shot as replacements for later characters, due to trademark issues with the name Hot Rod.
 His alternate mode varies between depictions, but usually possesses a red and yellow paint job.
A rat rod is a style of hot rod or custom car that, in most cases, imitates (or exaggerates) the early hot rods of the 1940s, 1950s, and early-1960s.
 The style is not to be confused with the somewhat closely related "traditional" hot rod, which is an accurate re-creation or period-correct restoration of a hot rod from the same era.
California Hot Rod Reunion is a gathering of drag racers, hot rod enthusiasts and street rodders held in Bakersfield, California.
 The event was created by Steve Gibbs, vice-president of the National Hot Rod Association, in October 1992, as a one-time event to gather some of the old drag racers together.
 It has since become an annual event in early October at Auto Club Famoso Raceway outside Bakersfield.
 It has also spawned the National Hot Rod Reunion, held each year in Bowling Green KY.
 Honorees are named at each year's reunion.
 The Honorees are pioneers in the sport of drag racing and hot rodding.
 The 25th annual event, presented by AAA and associate sponsor Good Vibrations Motorsports, will be held Oct 21-23, 2016.
Ala Kart is a custom car, a customized 1929 Ford Model A roadster pickup, built by George Barris, Richard Peters, and Mike "Blackie" Gejeian in 1957.
 Originally owned by Peters, it is a two-time winner of the Grand National Roadster Show "America's Most Beautiful Roadster" (AMBR) trophy (1958 and 1959) and "Hot Rod" cover car in October 1958.
 Featured in hundreds of car shows, Ala Kart has won more than 200 trophies.
 It has also made numerous appearances in movies, usually in the background of drive-in shots,<ref name="Hot Rod, 12/86, p.29 sidebar">"Hot Rod", 12/86, p.29 sidebar.
</ref> and dozens of magazine articles since.
 It is considered "one of the most iconic hot rods ever built."
The National Hot Rod Reunion is a gathering of nostalgia drag racers, street rodders and automotive enthusiasts based on the California Hot Rod Reunion.
 The first four years of the National Hot Rod Reunion were held in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
 The fifth National Hot Rod Reunion is set for Columbus, Ohio on June 15–17, 2007.
 The event returned to Bowling Green, KY in 2008 and has been held there ever since.
The Fender Hot Rod DeVille is a combo tube guitar amplifier manufactured and sold by Fender.
 It was introduced in 1996 as part of Fender's Hot Rod line of amplifiers, and since then has been in continuous production.
 The Hot Rod DeVille is a modified version of the earlier Fender Blues DeVille from the Blues amplifier line, and has a higher level of gain in its preamplification signal.
 The DeVille incorporates a 60 watt amplifier, and is available in two different models: a 212, which includes a pair of 12" speakers, and the 410, which includes four 10" speakers.
 The DeVille is the sister amplifier of the Fender Hot Rod Deluxe.
The Fender Hot Rod Deluxe is a guitar amplifier manufactured and sold by the Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.
 It was introduced in 1995 as part of the "Hot Rod" line of guitar amplifiers and has been in continuous production since.
 The Hot Rod Deluxe is a modified version of the Fender Blues Deluxe from the earlier Blues line of amplifiers, and has a higher level of gain in its preamplification signal.
 This model, along with the Hot Rod Deville, were originally designated as F.A.T. ('Fender American Tube') amplifiers but this moniker was dropped in 2002 when production of this series of amps was moved from Corona, CA to Fender's Baja-Ensenada, Mexico manufacturing facility.
"Hot Rod Lincoln" is a song by American singer-songwriter Charlie Ryan, first released in 1955.
 It was written as an answer song to Arkie Shibley's 1951 hit "Hot Rod Race" which describes a race in San Pedro, Los Angeles between two hot rod cars, a Ford and a Mercury, which stay neck-and-neck until both are overtaken by "a kid in a hopped-up Model A".
 "Hot Rod Lincoln" is sung from the perspective of this third driver, whose own hot rod is a Ford Model A body with a Lincoln-Zephyr V12 engine, overdrive, a four-barrel carburetor, 4:11 gear ratio, and safety tubes.
