Thomas Herbert F. Lewin (28 September 1872 – 8 February 1964), known professionally as Tom Terriss, was a British actor, screenwriter and film director.
 After trying various occupations, he became an actor playing a variety of roles, beginning in 1890, in plays, pantomime and Edwardian musical comedy.
 After the First World War, he left the stage and pursued a decade-long film career.
 He was the brother of the musical comedy star Ellaline Terriss and son of leading man actor William Terriss.
All Costs Paid (Russian: "За всё заплачено" translit.
 "Za vsyo zaplacheno") is a Soviet TV miniseries produced by Studio Ekran.
 The director Aleksei Saltykov well known for his film "The Chairman" (Russian: ""Председатель"" translit.
 ""Predsedatel"" ) with Mikhail Ulyanov, an acclaimed Russian actor playing a main character.
 "All Costs Paid" is one of the first Soviet feature films that shows the war in Afghanistan.
 Film has unusually truthful point of view on that period of Soviet Era and on the Soviet war in Afghanistan.
1986 Mikkeli hostage crisis was a hostage crisis that caused the death of the hostage taker and one hostage in Mikkeli, Finland on August 9, 1986.
The Hostages Convention (formally the International Convention against the Taking of Hostages) is a United Nations treaty by which states agree to prohibit and punish hostage taking.
 The treaty includes definitions of "hostage" and "hostage taking" and sets out the principle of "aut dedere aut judicare": a party to the treaty must prosecute a hostage taker if no other state requests extradition for prosecution of the same crime.
The Mapenduma hostage crisis began on 8 January 1996 after the Free Papua Movement (FPM) took 26 members of a World Wildlife Fund research mission captive at Mapenduma in Irian Jaya province, Indonesia.
 The hostages were subsequently moved to Geselama.
 The International Committee of the Red Cross acted as an intermediary between the FPM and the Indonesian authorities.
 Fifteen hostages, all of Indonesian nationality, were released relatively quickly, but eleven (comprising four Britons, two Dutch, and five Indonesians) remained in FPM hands.
 After lengthy negotiations the ICRC secured an agreement for the release of the remaining hostages on 8 May.
 However, the FPM leader, Kelly Kwalik, backed out of the agreement on the day of the intended release.
 The ICRC removed itself from the negotiations and stated that the Indonesian Army was no longer bound by an agreement not to engage in combat with the hostage takers.
Thespis ( ; Greek: Θέσπις ; fl.
 6th century BC) of Icaria (present-day Dionysos, Greece), according to certain Ancient Greek sources and especially Aristotle, was the first person ever to appear on stage as an actor playing a character in a play (instead of speaking as him or herself).
 In other sources, he is said to have introduced the first principal actor in addition to the chorus.
Hostage for a Day is a 1994 comedic film directed by John Candy in his only directorial effort.
 Though the film is also billed as "starring" Candy, it in fact only features him as a minor character, as a Russian hostage taker.
 Produced with a mostly Canadian cast, the film was released one month after Candy's death.
Scorpions and Miniskirts or Chinos y minifaldas or Death on a Rainy Day is a 1967 Italian/Spanish/West German international co-production Eurospy comedy action martial arts film film shot in New York, Hong Kong, Paris and in studios in Rome and Madrid.
 Directed by Ramón Comas, the film stars Adrian Hoven who co-produced the film with his partner Pier Andrea Caminneci in the second film of their Aquila Film Enterprises.
 The film also stars Barth Warren in his film debut and George Wang; a Chinese actor playing an Oriental mastermind.
 The film was written by Keith Luger, the nom de plume of prolific Spanish pulp fiction Michael Oliveros Tovar (1924-1985); the film being his first screenplay.
Pyramid Natarajan (born V. Natarajan) is a Tamil film actor and producer, who has appeared in character roles.
 He made his breakthrough as an actor playing a role in Mani Ratnam's "Alaipayuthey" (2000) portraying the role of Madhavan's father, before playing the antagonist in several films.
Lee Hyun-jin (born March 5, 1985) is a South Korean actor.
 He is best known for the queer indie romance "Boy Meets Boy", and the television series "Heartstrings" (in a supporting role as a singer with stage fright) and "Operation Proposal" (in which he was the second lead actor playing a baseball coach engaged to marry the heroine).
