The Military Merit Cross ("Militär-Verdienstkreuz") was the highest bravery award of the Kingdom of Prussia for non-commissioned officers and enlisted soldiers.
 It was also known as the Golden Military Merit Cross ("Goldenes Militär-Verdienstkreuz") to distinguish it from the Military Decoration 1st Class ("Militär-Ehrenzeichen I. Klasse"), a lesser Prussian enlisted bravery decoration which was an identical cross but in silver.
 The Military Merit Cross came to also be known as the "Pour le Mérite for non-commissioned officers and enlisted men" ("Orden Pour le Mérite für Unteroffiziere und Mannschaften"), after the Pour le Mérite, Prussia's highest military decoration for officers.
The Bukōchōshō (武功徴章 ) ("Badge for Military Merit"), commonly called the Bukōshō , was a military decoration of the Empire of Japan, established on 7 December 1944 by Imperial edict.
 It was awarded by the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) to living soldiers who had performed with exceptional valor in battle.
 Airmen, especially fighter pilots defending Japan against enemy bombers, were most likely to win the award.
 Eighty-nine "Bukōshō" were awarded during the eight months it was actively awarded.
The Republic of Vietnam Military Merit Medal (Vietnamese: "Quân công bội tinh" ) was the highest military decoration bestowed to enlisted personnel by South Vietnam during the years of the Vietnam War.
 The medal was established on August 15, 1950.
 The Military Merit Medal was modelled after the French Médaille Militaire and was awarded mostly to Enlisted Men for valor in combat.
 The Vietnamese National Order of Vietnam was considered the equivalent decoration for military officers.
The Cross of Valor (Polish: "Krzyż Walecznych" ) is a Polish military decoration.
 It was first introduced by the Council of National Defense on 11 August 1920.
 It is awarded to an individual who "has demonstrated deeds of valor and courage on the field of battle."
 It may be awarded to the same person up to four times.
 The medal is given only in wartime or shortly after.
George Cregan (December 11, 1885 – June 30, 1969) was a commander in the United States Navy.
 He was a recipient of the Medal of Honor, the nation's highest military award for valor, for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz when he was a coxswain.
 He was also awarded the Navy Cross, the second highest military decoration awarded to a member of the United States Navy, U.S. Marine Corps and to members of the Coast Guard for extraordinary heroism.
 He received the Navy Cross for his participation in the 1929 salvage operation of the submarine USS S-4.
The Stolen Valor Act of 2005, signed into law by President George W. Bush on December 20, 2006, was a U.S. law that broadened the provisions of previous U.S. law addressing the unauthorized wear, manufacture, or sale of any military decorations and medals.
 The law made it a federal misdemeanor to falsely represent oneself as having received any U.S. military decoration or medal.
 If convicted, defendants might have been imprisoned for up to six months, unless the decoration lied about is the Medal of Honor, in which case imprisonment could have been up to one year.
 In "United States v. Alvarez" the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on June 28, 2012, that the Stolen Valor Act was an unconstitutional abridgment of the freedom of speech under the First Amendment, striking down the law in a 6 to 3 decision.
The Military Valor Medal (Portuguese: "Medalha de Valor Militar" ) is the highest military decoration and second highest honour of Portugal.
 Established on 2 October 1863, the medal is awarded for "heroic deeds of extraordinary selflessness and bravery or great moral courage and exceptional ability to make decisions, whether in war or in time of peace, but always in circumstances where there is proven or suspected danger to life".
 It comprises three grades - Gold ("Ouro"), Silver ("Prata") and Copper ("Cobre").
 Award of the Medal in Gold confers entitlement to wear a fourragère.
William Thomas Perkins Jr. (August 10, 1947 – October 12, 1967) was a United States Marine who posthumously received the United States' highest military decoration for valor — the Medal of Honor — for his heroic action on October 12, 1967 during the Vietnam War in which he smothered an exploding grenade with his body to save the lives of three fellow Marines.
 Perkins is the only combat photographer to have received the Medal of Honor.
The Medal of Honor is the United States of America's highest and most prestigious personal military decoration that may be awarded to recognize U.S. military service members who distinguished themselves by acts of valor.
 The medal is normally awarded by the President of the United States in the name of the U.S. Congress.
 There are three versions of the medal, one for the Army, one for the Navy, and one for the Air Force.
 Personnel of the Marine Corps and Coast Guard receive the Navy version.
 U.S. awards, including the Medal of Honor, do not have post-nominal titles, and while there is no official abbreviation, the most common abbreviations are "MOH" and "MH".
 The Medal of Honor is the oldest continuously issued combat decoration of the United States armed forces.
The Lone Star Medal of Valor is the second highest military decoration that may be awarded to a member of the Texas Military Forces.
 This includes Air National Guard, Army National Guard, and State Guard.
 This medal may also be awarded to federal military personnel, or state military personnel of other states.
 It is sometimes referred to as the "Texas Medal of Valor".
 Only the Texas Legislative Medal of Honor is of higher rank.
