People of Irish descent form the largest single ethnic group in Boston, Massachusetts.
 Once a Puritan stronghold, Boston changed dramatically in the 19th century with the arrival of European immigrants.
 The Irish dominated the first wave of newcomers during this period, especially following the Great Irish Famine.
 Their arrival transformed Boston from an Anglo-Saxon, Protestant city into one that has become progressively more diverse.
 The Yankees hired Irish as workers and servants, but there was little social interaction.
 In the 1840s and 50s, the anti-Catholic, anti-immigrant Know-Nothing movement targeted Irish Catholics in Boston.
 In the 1860s, many Irish immigrants fought for the Union in the American Civil War, and that display of patriotism helped to dispel some of the prejudice against them.
The Pinpu tribe peoples, also called the Pepo or Plains tribes, are peoples that mainly settled in the western plains of Taiwan.
 They led a primitive agricultural life before the mass arrival of Han immigrants.
 Since the 17th century, they have faced the strong forces from outside, such as the Dutch, the Spanish, and the Han Chinese, and they have failed to resist their fate to be assimilated.
 By the end of 19th century, most Pingpu tribes had been almost completely Hanised (hanhua), and they have lost their languages and cultures.
 They have become an invisible ethnic group in a society highly dominated by the Han Chinese.
 During the period of Japanese rule, Japanese scholars conducted investigations and research on the Plains tribes based on anthropology and ethnology.
 The present categorization of the Plains tribes has resulted from their thorough study as the following:
African Bermudians or Bermudians of African descent are Bermudians whose ancestry lies within the continent of Africa.
 The population descented from Black Africans, exported to Bermuda as slaves.
 Some Black Bermudians were Free Blacks who chose to immigrate to the island to work as indentured servants during the 17th century.
 By the 19th century the Black population surpassed the White population and became Bermuda's largest ethnic group, which was initially classed as being "Coloured" alongside all other non-white ethnicities of Bermuda.
 "Black Bermudian" became a recognised ethnic group in Bermuda in the 20th century, by which time it was the largest ethnic group on the island.
The Oku people, also commonly known as Oku Mohammedans or "Aku Mohammedans"in Sierra Leone and as the "Aku Marabou" or "Oku Marabou" in the Gambia, are an ethnic group in Sierra Leone and the Gambia.
 The Oku people are the descendants of liberated Africans of Yoruba descent from Southwest Nigeria who were liberated or came to Sierra Leone as settlers in the mid 19th century and formed a distinctive ethnic group The Oku are virtually all Muslims and are known for their conservative muslim population.
 The British colonial government provided official recognition to the Oku Mohammedan community as a distinctive community in Sierra Leone.
 Although the Sierra Leone government officially considered the Oku people as members of the Creole ethnic group, many Sierra Leoneans consider the Oku people as a distinctive ethnic group.
Czechs in Ukraine, often known as Volhynian Czechs (Czech: "Volyňští Češi"), are ethnic Czechs or their descendants settled mostly in the Volhynia region of Ukraine, in the second half of the 19th century.
 Between 1868 and 1880, almost 16,000 Czechs left Austria-Hungary for Tsarist Russia.
 The reasons for their departure were the difficult living conditions in the Czech lands, and the rumors of prosperity in the Russian realm, where there was a large amount of unused agricultural land.
 The local government in the region attracted new immigrants with a number of advantages, such as the right to purchase their own land for low prices, and the establishment of manufacturing businesses.
 Also, they gave the migrants the right to national education, self-government and religious freedom.
 Immigrants were exempt for 20 years from tax, and exonerated from military duty.
 The bulk of the Czechs settled in the regions of Volhynia, Zhytomyr, Lutsk and other areas.
 Some villages were set up in flat meadows, while others were located near existing Ukrainian villages.
 Local Czech naems for the villages they lived in were formed from the original name of the village, which was supplemented with the word "Czech" (eg České Noviny, Český Malín, Český Boratín, Český Straklov, etc.) Apart from agriculture, Czech immigrants began to engage in other activities, such as industry, trade and crafts.
 The income for most ethnic Czechs had its foundations in the engineering, breweries, mills, cement plants, etc.
 In their communities, schools, churches, and libraries were founded, and because of this, cultural and social life flourished.
 Czech immigrants have made a major contribution to increasing the economic and cultural level in the built-up areas.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians (AOH) is an Irish Catholic fraternal organisation.
 Members must be Catholic and either born in Ireland or of Irish descent.
 Its largest membership is now in the United States, where it was founded in New York City in 1836.
 Its name was adopted by groups of Irish immigrants in the United States, its purpose to act as guards to protect Catholic churches from anti-Catholic forces in the mid-19th century, and to assist Irish Catholic immigrants, especially those who faced discrimination or harsh coal mining working conditions.
 Many members in the coal mining area of Pennsylvania had a background with the Molly Maguires.
 It became an important focus of Irish American political activity.
The Shiners' War was a conflict between Irish Catholic immigrants and French Canadians in Bytown from 1835 to 1845.
 The war started when Peter Aylen, a major Irish timber operator, organized a group of Irishmen to attack other timber operations.
 This group was known as the "Shiners."
 They attacked French Canadian timber rafts and fought against the French Canadian on the streets of Bytown.
Irish Canadians (Irish: "Gaedheal-Cheanadaigh" ) are Canadian citizens who have full or partial Irish heritage including descendants who trace their ancestry to immigrants who originated in Ireland.
 1.2 million Irish immigrants arrived from 1825 to 1970, and at least half of those in the period from 1831–1850.
 By 1867, they were the second largest ethnic group (after the French), and comprised 24% of Canada's population.
 The 1931 national census counted 1,230,000 Canadians of Irish descent, half of whom lived in Ontario.
 About one-third were Catholic in 1931 and two-thirds Protestant.
People of Irish descent form the largest ethnic group in the city of Philadelphia and its surrounding counties.
 The Irish have lived in Philadelphia since the pre-American Revolution period.
 Irishmen had participated in pro-Revolutionary activities in Philadelphia during the Revolutionary War.
 Like many American cities in the 19th century, Philadelphia, which was once a Quaker stronghold, changed dramatically with the influx of European immigrants.
 The first major influx of Irish came in 1844 from rural areas, spurred by the Irish Famine.
 Because of the Quakers belief and pledge of religious tolerance, Irish Catholics and Protestants, amongst others, made the city incredibly diverse.
 Philadelphia at the time had a need for industrial labor, and at the time Philadelphia was becoming a major industrial center in the United States.
 Irish took industrial positions.
 In the 1840s and 1850s, anti-Catholic sentiment grew against the Irish, and eventually led up to riots, such as the Philadelphia nativist riots and the Lombard Street riot.
 Eventually the Irish gained financial and social status in the latter half of the 19th Century and founded institutions during the period.
Americo-Liberians, or the Congo people in Liberian English, are a Liberian ethnicity of African-American, Afro-Caribbean, and liberated African descent.
 The sister ethnic group of Americo-Liberians are the Sierra Leone Creole people, who shared similar ancestry and related culture.
 Americo-Liberians trace their ancestry to free-born and formerly enslaved African Americans who immigrated in the 19th century to become the founders of the state of Liberia.
 They identified there as Americo Liberians.
 (Some African Americans, following resettlement in Canada, also participated as founding settlers in Sierra Leone and present-day Côte d'Ivoire.)
 Although the terms "Americo-Liberian" and "Congo" had distinct definitions in the nineteenth century, the terms "Americo-Liberian" and "Congo" are currently interchangeable and refer to an ethnic group composed of the descendants of the various free and ex-slave African American, Caribbean, Recaptive, and Sierra Leone Creoles who settled in Liberia from 1822.
