Kermes is a red dye derived from the dried bodies of the females of a scale insect in the genus "Kermes", primarily "Kermes vermilio".
 The "Kermes" insects are native in the Mediterranean region and live on the sap of the Kermes oak.
 They were used as a red dye by the ancient Greeks and Romans.
 The kermes dye is a rich red.
 It has good colour fastness in silk and wool.
 It was much esteemed in the medieval era for dyeing silk and wool.
 Post-medievally it was replaced by other red dyes.
Orange B is a food dye from the azo dye group.
 It is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use only in hot dog and sausage casings or surfaces, only up to 150 parts per million of the finished food weight.
 It is typically prepared as a disodium salt.
Malachite green is an organic compound that is used as a dyestuff and controversially as an antimicrobial in aquaculture.
 Malachite green is traditionally used as a dye for materials such as silk, leather, and paper.
 Although called malachite green, this dye is not prepared from the mineral malachite—the name just comes from the similarity of color.
Phloxine B (commonly known simply as phloxine) is a water-soluble red dye used for coloring drugs and cosmetics in the United States and coloring food in Japan.
 It is derived from fluorescein, but differs by the presence of four bromine atoms at positions 2, 4, 5 and 7 of the xanthene ring and four chlorine atoms in the carboxyphenyl ring.
 It has an absorption maximum around 540 nm and an emission maximum around 564 nm.
 Apart from industrial use, phloxine B has functions as an antimicrobial substance, viability dye and biological stain.
 For example, it is used in hematoxylin-phloxine-saffron (HPS) staining to color the cytoplasm and connective tissue in shades of red.
Quercus coccifera, the kermes oak, is an oak in the "Quercus" section "Cerris".
 It is native to the Mediterranean region and Northern African Maghreb, south to north from Morocco to France and west to east from Portugal to Cyprus and Turkey, crossing Spain, Italy, Libya, Balkans, and Greece, including Crete.
 The Kermes Oak was historically important as the food plant of the Kermes scale insect, from which a red dye called crimson was obtained.
 The etymology of the specific name 'coccifera' is related to the production of red cochineal (crimson) dye and derived from Latin "coccum" which was from Greek κὀκκος, the kermes insect.
 The Latin "-fera" means 'bearer'.
Dye Creek is an 18.2 mi watercourse in Tehama County, California, United States, that is tributary to the Sacramento River.
 Dye Creek's watershed is situated in north-central California.
 The Dye Creek watershed contains rugged terrain areas of oak-studded forest, and also provides habitat for numerous understory flora and fauna.
 An example forb found in the watershed is the poppy "Calochortus luteus", which is at its northern limit around the Dye Creek watershed.
Hina (Urdu: حنا‎ ) is a female name.
 In South Asia and the Middle East, derived from Henna.
 In Japan derived from light or sun.
 In the Pacific Islands, derived from A goddess of various Polynesian cultures.
Henna (Arabic: حِنَّاء‎ ‎ ) is a dye prepared from the plant "Lawsonia inermis", also known as hina, the henna tree, the mignonette tree, and the Egyptian privet, the sole species of the "Lawsonia" genus.
Indigofera tinctoria, also called true indigo, is a species of plant from the bean family that was one of the original sources of indigo dye.
 It has been naturalized to tropical and temperate Asia, as well as parts of Africa, but its native habitat is unknown since it has been in cultivation worldwide for many centuries.
 Today most dye is synthetic, but natural dye from "I. tinctoria" is still available, marketed as natural coloring where it is known as tarum in Indonesia and nila in Malaysia.
 In Iran and areas of the former Soviet Union it is known as basma.
 The plant is also widely grown as a soil-improving groundcover.
Lawsonia inermis, also known as hina, the henna tree, the mignonette tree, and the Egyptian privet, is a flowering plant and the sole species of the Lawsonia genus.
 It is the source of the dye henna used to dye skin, hair and fingernails, as well as fabrics including silk, wool and leather.
