Río Escondido is a 1948 Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring María Félix.
Enamorada ("Enamoured") is a 1946 Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring María Félix and Pedro Armendáriz.
 The film was remade in 1950 as "The Torch" with Armendáriz repeating his role alongside Paulette Goddard who was credited as an associate producer on the film.
Fernando Fernández "El Crooner de México" (1916–1999) was a Mexican actor and singer.
 He was born on November 9, 1916, in Monterrey, Mexico, and died in Mexico City, Mexico, on November 24, 1999.
 Fernando was the son of Eloisa Reyes.
 He was brother of the famous film director Emilio Fernández and actor Jaime Fernández.
 He was married to singer Lupita Palomera, who died in 2008.
 Fernando Fernández was known as "the Crooner of Mexico."
Film became popular and well known in Mexico during “El Porfiriato” which represents the reign of Porfirio Díaz as dictator in Mexico.
 On August 6, 1896 the first films began to be released and were called/known as “Vistas”.
 In other words, views.
 At the time, the Catholic Church and the press were strongly opposed to the “vistas” because of the violence and women that was portrayed.
 They protested against them.
 Another important aspect was the projection of the Mexican Revolution to the public through film.
 It was a way for many to understand what was happening politically.
 Many agree that rather than the Mexican Revolution being a repression for the film industry, it was more of a motivator in the way it portrayed every battle and struggle.
 With the positive energy that the Mexico’s film industries was receiving, it began to evolve into “El Cine Sonoro” which translates to the cinema of sound.
 This was the era in which sound was being added into the silent films.
 Sadly, it was not as successful as many directors and film maker though it would be.
 Many failed to correctly synchronize the audio with the picture.
 Although to some extent it may have been unsuccessful, it is agreeable that it helped revolutionize film in Latin America.
 Mexico’s film industry takes its height post “El Cine Sonoro” to what is known as “The Golden Age”.
 Many film members consider this one of the most successful eras in the history of Mexican cinema.
 Many recognize the films of this era when they see black and white.
 It is also important to note that the films also portrayed social issues.
 Some of the most influential directors and actors are Emilio Fernández, Raul De Anda, Roberto B. Cervenna, Cantinflas, Vitola, Tin Tan, etc.
 The focus of this article will be on some of top grossing comedian actors of the time Cantinflas, Tin Tan, Clavillazo and others.
Jaime Fernández Reyes (December 6, 1937 – April 15, 2005) was a Mexican actor.
 Over his career, he won 3 Silver Ariel awards - the Mexican equivalent of the Oscar - including one for what is arguably his best-known role, playing Friday in Luis Buñuel's "Robinson Crusoe".
 He appeared in over 200 films and served as the General Secretary of the Mexican actors' union for 11 years.
 His older brother was actor/director Emilio Fernández.
Wild Flower (Spanish: Flor silvestre) is a 1943 Mexican historical film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz.
 Is the first Mexican movie of Dolores del Río after her career in Silent and Golden Age's Hollywood films.
 It's the first movie of an extended collaboration between Fernández-Del Rio-Armendáriz, Gabriel Figueroa (cinematography) and Mauricio Magdaleno (writer).
 It also marked the debut of Emilia Guiú in a small role as an extra.
 The film is considered like the film that defined the so-called Golden Age of Mexican cinema.
Bugambilia ("Bougainvillea") is a Mexican movie of 1945 directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz.
Emilio "El Indio" Fernández (born Emilio Fernández Romo, ] ; March 26, 1904 – August 6, 1986) was a Mexican film director, actor and screenwriter.
 He was one of the most prolific film directors of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema in the 1940s and 1950s.
 He is best known for his work as director of the film "Maria Candelaria" (1944), which won the Palme d'Or award at the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 As an actor, he worked in numerous film productions in Mexico and in Hollywood.
Las Abandonadas (The Abandoned) is a Mexican film of 1945, directed by Emilio Fernández, starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz.
Columba Domínguez Adalid (March 4, 1929 – August 13, 2014) was a Mexican actress, singer, and painter.
 Considered a crucial figure in the Golden Age of Mexican cinema, she was one of the muses of the film director Emilio Fernández, with whom she was romantically linked for several years.
 She is remembered particularly for her performance in the film "Pueblerina" (1949), which is considered one of the jewels of the Mexican Cinema.
