Elmer Frank Harris (born November 1939 in Seal Cove, Conception Bay Newfoundland), is a noted Canadian humanitarian.
Nikiya Q. Harris Dodd, formerly Nikiya Harris (born February 22, 1975) is a Wisconsin educator and politician who formerly served as a County Supervisor in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin from 2010 through 2012, and as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Senate, representing the 6th Senate District from 2013-2017.
 She did not seek re-election.
Michael P. Fleming (born June 25, 1963 in Orlando, Florida) is a Houston, Texas based attorney and former elected official.
 Fleming is board certified in Personal Injury Law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization.
 Fleming is the managing partner of Michael P. Fleming & Associates, P.C. Fleming was elected as county attorney in Harris County, Texas in 1996 and reelected the following term in 2000.
 Fleming was the lead attorney for Harris County before the Supreme Court of the United States in the case Christensen v. Harris County, a case that defined the limits of the Fair Labor and Standards Act and the authority of opinion letters issued by Department of Labor.
 Fleming comes from a family with several generations of politicians.
 His grandfather was Harry Raymond Fleming and great-grandfather was George William Kyte.
 His wife is the elected Judge of Harris County Criminal Court at Law Number 3.
 Michael Fleming and his wife, Judge Natalie Fleming, have six children and reside in Houston.
Rodney Glenn Ellis (born April 7, 1954) is an American politician.
 He represented Texas' 13th state senate district in the Texas Senate from 1990 to 2017.
 The district contains portions of Harris County, including downtown Houston, and Fort Bend County.
 He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 On June 25, 2016, Ellis won the Democratic Party's nomination for Harris County Commissioners Court Precinct 1.
 He was elected county commissioner on November 8, 2016 and sworn into office on January 1, 2017.
Jeremy Harris (born December 7, 1950) is an American politician who served as Mayor of Honolulu from 1994 to 2004.
 A biologist by training, Harris started his political career as a delegate to the 1978 Hawai'i State Constitutional Convention.
 As chief executive of the City & County of Honolulu, the city was named "America's Greatest City" by the official American governance journal, "Governing Magazine".
 Harris is the founder of the "China-U.S. Conference of Mayors and Business Leaders" and "Japan-American Conference of Mayors and Chamber of Commerce Presidents".
 He is married to Ramona Sachiko Akui Harris and lives in Kalihi Valley on the Island of O'ahu.
Robert George Mallaby Carter (born 11 July 1937), known as Bob, is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire.
 He was capped by the county in 1965, and was awarded a benefit season in 1973, which raised about £7,000.
 All but two of his 523 first-class wickets came for Worcestershire; the others were obtained for MCC in the very last game of his career.
 Carter’s batting was generally extremely poor, as evidenced by his career batting average of under five in both forms of the game, although he did play one significant – if ultimately fruitless – innings.
 In the 1963 Gillette Cup final against Sussex at Lord's, he came to the wicket with Worcestershire 133/9, needing 35 runs to win.
 In fading light, he and wicket-keeper Roy Booth added 21 before Carter was run out to end the match.
 Carter also played in a critical close finish the following season against Nottinghamshire, where he and Flavell managed to get home by a single wicket and virtually seal the county’s first Championship title.
Gregory Scott Glasson (born December 6, 1974) is an American bass player.
 He has played bass for Grammy Award winning artist Seal both live onstage and in studio recordings.
 Glasson is also widely known as a solid session player, and has been featured on numerous albums, for a variety of artists.
 Mostly sought after in the Pop rock field, Glasson has played on major label tracks for artists such as Seal, Alanis Morissette and producer Josh Harris.
James Alexander Russell Harris (born 16 May 1990) is a Welsh professional cricketer who is on the staff of Middlesex County Cricket Club.
 Harris is a right arm fast bowler and right-handed batsman.
 He was born in Morriston near Swansea in South Wales and played for Glamorgan as a teenager.
 On 4 April 2017 Harris joined Kent on loan for the first part of the 2017 season.
The Hyattsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory built in 1918 and located in Hyattsville, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States.
 It was the first Armory built in Prince George's County and the fifth in Maryland.
 Its architect, Robert Lawrence Harris, served as State Architect under Governor Albert C. Ritchie.
 In this capacity, Harris supervised the design of similar armories in Salisbury, Kensington, Silver Spring, Hagerstown, Laurel, Easton, Crisfield, Pocomoke City, Centreville, and Cumberland.
 The structure is distinctly fortresslike and offers a commanding view of the surrounding area.
 The building is patterned after a medieval English castle and built of native stone, with rectangular turrets flanking the arched limestone entranceway.
 Carved above the entry is the State Seal of Maryland.
Harrison Barrett (1845 – 1917) was a former slave born in 1845 to slave parents from Louisiana, Simon and Eliza Barrett.
 He had two brothers and two sisters.
 After the emancipation of the slaves in 1865, Barrett searched for his family members.
 He was able to gather all together except for one sister.
 In 1889 he purchased land east of the San Jacinto River in Harris County, Texas, for fifty cents an acre, and named the area Barrett Settlement.
 It was one of the largest holdings in Harris County to be acquired by a former slave.
 He is interred with his wife Annie Jones Barrett, along with four other family members, in the nearby cemetery.
