A firing squad most commonly refers to a group of persons who together execute a prisoner by shooting with firearms in an organized event called an execution by firing squad.
Lieutenant General Henry Louis Larsen (December 10, 1890 – October 2, 1962) was a United States Marine Corps officer, the second Military Governor of Guam following its recapture from the Empire of Japan, and the first post-World War II Governor of Guam.
 He also served as the Military Governor of American Samoa alongside civilian Governor of American Samoa Laurence Wild.
 Larsen was among the first troops overseas in both World Wars.
 During World War I, he commanded the 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and participated in numerous battles in France, earning the Navy Cross, three Silver Stars, the Croix de guerre with palm, and the French Legion of Honour.
 In between the World Wars, he served during the United States occupation of Nicaragua, where he earned his second Navy Cross, the Presidential Medal of Merit from President of Nicaragua José María Moncada Tapia, and his first Navy Distinguished Service Medal.
Wallace Wilkerson (c. 1834 – May 16, 1879) was an American stockman who was sentenced to death by the Territory of Utah for the murder of William Baxter.
 Wilkerson professed his innocence, but chose to die by firing squad over hanging or decapitation.
 The execution was botched; Wilkerson took up to 27 minutes to die because the firing squad missed his heart.
Zhu Jin (朱瑾) (867-918) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who would later be a major general of the Wu (also known as Hongnong) state during the subsequent Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.
 In the late Tang years, Zhu Jin, as the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Taining Circuit (泰寧, headquartered in modern Jining, Shandong) would form a power bloc with his cousin Zhu Xuan the military governor of Tianping Circuit (天平, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong), but they were both eventually defeated by Zhu Quanzhong the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan).
 Zhu Xuan was killed, and Zhu Jin fled to the domain of Yang Xingmi the military governor of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu); he would thereafter serve under Yang and Yang's successors, whose domain formed the Wu state eventually.
 In 918, angry at the arrogance of the Wu junior regent Xu Zhixun (the son of the regent Xu Wen), he assassinated Xu Zhixun, but Xu Wen's troops attacked him; he committed suicide when he saw that there was no escape.
Roberto Girón Mendoza and Pedro Castillo were two Guatemalan men convicted of murder and executed, with their deaths by firing squad occurring on 13 September 1996.
 It was the first official firing squad execution in Guatemala since 1983.
 It was also the first execution to occur in Latin America, with the exception of Guyana and the Caribbean, in a span of over ten years.
Friedrich Gisbert Wilhelm Freiherr von Romberg (17 July 1729, Schloss Brünninghausen, Dortmund - 21 May 1809, Berlin) was a German officer who rose to lieutenant general (Generalleutnant) in the Prussian Army.
 As governor of Stettin in 1806, he surrendered without a fight, for which he was sentenced to life imprisonment by a Prussian military tribunal.
James W. Rodgers (August 3, 1910 – March 30, 1960) was an American who was sentenced to death by the state of Utah for the murder of miner Charles Merrifield in 1957.
 In his final statement before his execution by firing squad in 1960, Rodgers requested a bulletproof vest.
 His execution by firing squad would be the last to be carried out in the United States before capital punishment was halted by the U.S. Supreme Court.
 The death penalty was reinstated in 1976 and the first person executed in Utah subsequent to that date was Gary Gilmore in 1977.
Immediately after the liberation after World War II, the Bijzonder Gerechtshof (Dutch language, "Special Court of Justice") was a court that was established in the Netherlands to try defendants accused of committing high treason, treason and war crimes.
 There were 14,000 such cases, and 145 cases led to sentence of death.
 Only 42 of those cases actually led to an execution by a firing squad.
Traugott Martin von Sauberzweig (October 28, 1863 to April 14, 1920 in Kassel) was a Prussian "Generalleutnant" (Lieutenant General) who served on both the Eastern and Western Front in the German Army during World War I.
 In 1915 he had been Military Governor of Brussels in the days of Edith Cavell's execution, and in connection with this tragedy his name was prominently mentioned.
 The Cavell case was the reason that von Sauberzweig was supplanted.
 Among those who had to suffer under his following anger had been Herbert Hoover and his Commission for Relief in Belgium as von Sauberzweig was close to interrupt the services of this organisation.
 He served as chief of staff on the 8th Army in the Ukraine in 1916 and was awarded the "Pour le Mérite" on 6 September 1917.
Edith Louisa Cavell ( ; 4 December 1865 – 12 October 1915) was a British nurse.
 She is celebrated for saving the lives of soldiers from both sides without discrimination and in helping some 200 Allied soldiers escape from German-occupied Belgium during the First World War, for which she was arrested.
 She was accused of treason, found guilty by a court-martial and sentenced to death.
 Despite international pressure for mercy, she was shot by a German firing squad.
 Her execution received worldwide condemnation and extensive press coverage.
