Fightin' Words is the second studio album by American rapper Diabolic.
 After several delays and the subsequent abandonment of Viper Records due to Diabolic's desire to retain creative control over his productions, it was announced that the album would be released by his newly formed WarHorse Records on September 16, 2014.
 Features include Vinnie Paz, Sean Price, Celph Titled, Apathy, R.A. the Rugged Man and more.
 The album contains productions from DJ Premier, Engineer, Junior Makhno, Snowgoons and more.
On February 11, 2014, it was confirmed that the album's production team consisted of producers include Stu Bangas, C-Lance, Leaf Dog, Panik and including Army of the Pharaohs' own Apathy amongst others, including new faces that hadn't been producing for the group beforehand.
 In promotion for "In Death Reborn", Vinnie Paz released "The Flawless Victory" mixtape on March 2, 2014.
 Reef the Lost Cauze released a collaboration album titled "Fast Way" alongside producer Emyd on March 9, 2014.
 Member Doap Nixon only appeared on the song "7th Ghost" but spoke out saying, how he was only featured on one song because he had a lot of personal stuff going on and stated that there will be more of him on the LP that is due to drop in November.
 King Syze released his fourth studio album one month before the album release on March 25 titled "Union Terminology".
 Apathy pushed back the release date of "Connecticut Casual" from April to June in favour of "In Death Reborn".
 A week before the release of "In Death Reborn", Zilla announced he was working on his fourth studio album titled "Martyr Musick" set to be released sometime June 2014.
 The group released their second album of the year "Heavy Lies the Crown" on 21 October 2014.
 Six months after In Death Reborn.
Masters of the Dark Arts is the second studio album by La Coka Nostra released on July 31, 2012.
 The album features guests including Vinnie Paz, Sean Price, Thirstin Howl III, Sick Jacken and Big Left.
Legends Never Die is the second studio album from New York City hip hop artist R.A. the Rugged Man.
 The album was released on April 30, 2013, by Nature Sounds.
 It is the follow up to 2004's "Die, Rugged Man, Die".
 The album features guest appearances from Talib Kweli, Krizz Kaliko, Masta Ace, Brother Ali, Tech N9ne, Hopsin, Vinnie Paz, Eamon, Sadat X among others.
 The albums production was handled by Buckwild, Ayatollah, Apathy and Marco Polo among others.
The Hour of Reprisal is the second studio album by American hip hop musician Ill Bill.
 It was released on September 16, 2008 by Uncle Howie Records.
 Featured guests on the album include Howard Jones of Killswitch Engage, Vinnie Paz of Jedi Mind Tricks, H.R. and Darryl Jenifer of Bad Brains, Max Cavalera of Soulfly, Immortal Technique, HERO, Slaine and Everlast of La Coka Nostra, B-Real of Cypress Hill, Raekwon of Wu-Tang Clan, Necro and Tech N9ne.
 The album was included in DJ Premier's Top 20 Albums of 2008.
Czarface is the eponymous debut studio album by American hip hop supergroup Czarface.
 The album was released on February 19, 2013, by Brick Records.
 The album features guest appearances from Roc Marciano, Oh No, Ghostface Killah, Action Bronson, Cappadonna and Vinnie Paz.
 The album's production comes from 7L, Spada4 and DJ Premier.
Ritual of Battle is the second studio album by underground hip hop collective Army of the Pharaohs.
 Released on September 25, 2007 under Babygrande Records, the album features group members Vinnie Paz, Jus Allah, OuterSpace, Chief Kamachi, Reef the Lost Cauze, Esoteric, Celph Titled, King Syze, Des Devious, Doap Nixon, Demoz, and King Magnetic.
 Although he was prominently featured on the group's debut album "The Torture Papers", Apathy does not appear on "Ritual of Battle".
 While still a member of the group, he explains on a MySpace blog that he was recording with Styles of Beyond in Los Angeles during the Army's album recording sessions.
 The rapper recorded for one song, titled "A.O.T.P.", produced by Snowgoons, but it was not included on the album.
 This song was included on the Apathy compilation "Hell's Lost & Found: It's The Bootleg, Muthafu@kas!
 Volume 2".
God of the Serengeti is the second full-length studio album by Jedi Mind Tricks frontman/Army of the Pharaohs leader Vinnie Paz.
 The album was released on October 22, 2012.
Directors of Photography is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Dilated Peoples.
 The album was released on August 12, 2014, by Rhymesayers Entertainment.
 The album features guest appearances from Vince Staples, Aloe Blacc, Catero, Gangrene, Sick Jacken, Krondon, Fashawn, Rapsody, Domo Genesis, Vinnie Paz and Action Bronson.
Jedi Mind Tricks (JMT) is an underground hip hop duo from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, founded by two high school friends, rapper Vinnie Paz (Vincenzo Luvineri) and producer Stoupe the Enemy of Mankind (Kevin Baldwin).
 In 1999 second rapper Jus Allah joined the group to record their second studio album, "Violent by Design".
 Allah left the group shortly after, but returned in 2008 for the sixth studio album, "A History of Violence".
 In 2011 Stoupe left the group because "his heart wasn't in making JMT records anymore".
 In 2013, Allah left again, and Stoupe returned in 2015.
