Parga Formation (Spanish: "Formación Parga" ) is a geological formation of sedimentary rock in south-central Chile.
 The sediments of the formation were deposited during the Late Oligocene and Middle Miocene epochs.
 The formation's lower sections are made up of conglomerate, sandstone and mudstone some of which is rich in organic material.
 Additionally there are thin beds of tuff and coal.
 The formation's composition indicates that sedimentation occurred in a estuarine (paralic) and marine environments.
 Stratigraphically it overlies the Bahía Mansa Metamorphic Complex and is similar in age and type to Lacui Formation to the south and Cheuquemó and Santo Domingo Formation to the north.
 It is overlain across an angular unconformity by Pliocene or Quaternary sediments.
 The formation is intruded by porphyritic trachyte of Oligocene to Miocene age (Ancud Volcanic Complex).
 The outcrops of the formation are restricted to a NW-SE strip near Caleta Parga north of the estuary of Maullín River.
Rock Howard (ロック・ハワード , Rokku Hawādo ) is a video game character appearing in various games from SNK.
 Rock makes his first appearance as a playable character in the fighting game "", the last chapter in the "Fatal Fury" series, as the new lead character from the series.
 Rock appears in the series as the son of Geese Howard, the main antagonist from the previous "Fatal Fury" games, who was killed by Terry Bogard.
 However, Terry started to take care of Rock to the point he teaches him to fight.
 Besides his appearance in "Mark of the Wolves", Rock is featured in few games from "The King of Fighters" series as well as various crossovers from SNK.
 He was voiced by Eiji Takemoto (竹本 英史 ) since debut until "Maximum Impact Regulation A", later voiced by Yuuma Uchida (内田雄馬 ).
 In the English edition of "" he is voiced by Jon Thomas, and by Mike Lane in its .
Colin Crabbe Racing, also known as Colin Crabbe - Antique Automobiles and Antique Automobiles Racing Team, was a privateer team run by Colin Crabbe, a noted dealer in historic racing cars, that entered a single car in 17 Formula One races in 1969 and 1970.
 Vic Elford and Ronnie Peterson drove for the team, the cars used being a Cooper T86, a McLaren M7B and a March 701.
American Border Peak is a mountain just south of the Canada–United States border, in the North Cascades of Washington state, with a corresponding sister peak, Canadian Border Peak, just north along a col connecting to it across the border.
 It is located within the Mount Baker Wilderness, part of the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest, near North Cascades National Park.
 It is notable for its large, steep local relief; however its somewhat rotten rock makes it less appealing to climbers than nearby Slesse Mountain.
Bar stools are a type of tall chair, often with a foot rest to support the feet.
 The height and narrowness of bar stools makes them suitable for use at bars and high tables in pubs or bars.
 In the 2010s, bar stools are becoming more popular in homes, usually placed at the kitchen counter, kitchen island, or a home bar.
Bar is a form of folk dance of Eastern Turkey.
 The word bar is from the Armenian word "Պար" (bar) which means dance.
 With their structure and formation, they are the dances performed by groups in the open.
 They are spread, in general, all over the region of Eastern Anatolia, especially in Erzurum, Artvin, Bayburt, Ağrı, Kars, and Erzincan provinces.
 The characteristic of their formation is that they are performed side-by-side, hand, shoulder and arm-in-arm.
 Woman and man bars are different from one another.
 The principal instruments of bar dances are davul and zurna (shrill pipe).
 The dominant measures in bars are 5/8 and 9/8.
 Occasionally measures of 6/8 and 12/8 are also used.
 Aksak 9/8 measures which are the most characteristic measures, in particular, of the Turkish folk music are applied with extremely different and interesting structures in this dance.
Douglas John Edward Crabbe (born 1947) is an Australian murderer currently imprisoned in Perth for a multiple murder which occurred when he drove his 25-tonne Mack truck into the crowded bar of a motel at the base of Uluru, on 18 August 1983.
 Five people were killed and sixteen seriously injured.
Jacob D. Robida (June 13, 1987 – February 5, 2006) was a Massachusetts teenager who attacked three patrons at a New Bedford gay bar on February 2, 2006.
 He fled the state and drove to Charleston, West Virginia, where he kidnapped Jennifer Rena Dunlap Bailey and drove southwest.
 He was stopped by Gassville, Arkansas Police Officer James W. Sell at the Brass Door Restaurant parking lot on the afternoon of February 4, 2006 for an apparent traffic violation.
 Robida shot and killed Sell and fled east.
 He turned onto Arkansas Highway 201 headed south and continued to Arkana, where he fired at Arkansas State Police Sgt. Van Nowlin.
 Deputies from the Baxter County Sheriff's Office had a spike strip deployed a short distance away.
 Robida drove over the spike strip, flattening both front tires on his Pontiac.
 He continued to Arkansas Highway 5, where he turned south and drove into the small town of Norfork.
 In the middle of town he lost control of the car due to the front tires, spun out, and hit two parked vehicles.
 He then shot Bailey, his kidnap victim, in the head with a Ruger 9mm semi-automatic pistol, killing her instantly.
 Police then opened fire on Robida.
 He shot himself in the right side of the head.
Paleontology in Kentucky refers to paleontological research occurring within or conducted by people from the U.S. state of Kentucky.
 Kentucky's abundance of exposed sedimentary rock makes it an ideal source of fossils.
 The oldest exposed rocks in Kentucky are of Ordovician age.
 The geologic column of Kentucky also contains rocks deposited during the ensuing periods until the end of the Pennsylvanian.
 During this span of time the state was first home to a warm shallow sea home to an abundance and variety of brachiopods, cephalopods, crinoids, and trilobites.
 During the Devonian, a large reef system formed at what is now the Falls of the Ohio.
 Swamps covered Kentucky during the ensuing Carboniferous period.
 Then a gap spans from the start of the Permian to the Pleistocene, although the gap is interrupted by minor deposits of Cretaceous and Eocene rocks.
 These deposits mainly preserve plant fossils.
 Ice Age Kentucky was home to short-faced bear, bison, elk, lions, mammoths, mastodons, and giant ground sloths.
 Local Native Americans interpreted fossils of this age at Big Bone Lick as belonging to ancient monsters killed by benevolent mystical little people.
 This same fossil deposit would attract attention from major American figures like George Washington, Daniel Boone, and, especially, Thomas Jefferson.
 Amateur fossil collectors should be aware that they need permission from landowners to prospect legally on private property.
 Brachiopods are the Kentucky state fossil.
The pistol offense is an American football formation and strategy developed by Michael Taylor and popularized by Chris Ault in 2005, while the latter was head coach at the University of Nevada, Reno.
 It is a hybrid of the traditional shotgun and single back offenses.
 In the pistol offense, also commonly referred to as the "pistol formation", the quarterback lines up four yards behind the center, which is much closer than the seven-yard setback in a traditional shotgun formation.
 The running back then lines up three yards directly behind the quarterback, which is in contrast to the shotgun, where they are beside each other.
 It is argued that the position of the quarterback in the pistol formation strikes an advantageous compromise: the quarterback is close enough to the line of scrimmage to be able to read the defense, as with run situation sets such as the I formation, but far enough back to give him extra time and a better vision of the field for passing plays, as in the shotgun.
 The pistol formation is thus very versatile, particularly if the quarterback himself is a threat to run the ball, which makes it difficult for the defense to correctly anticipate the play.
 This flexibility is enhanced by the Read Option, where the quarterback reacts to the response of the defensive players to the snap, and makes a rapid decision whether to hand off the ball to the running back, keep it and complete a pass to a downfield receiver, or keep it and run himself.
