A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake is a 1944 work of literary criticism by mythologist Joseph Campbell and Henry Morton Robinson.
 The first major text to provide an in-depth analysis of "Finnegans Wake" (James Joyce's final novel), "A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake" is considered by many scholars to be a seminal work on the text.
 The term "monomyth", which Campbell used to describe his journey of the hero in his book, "The Hero with a Thousand Faces", came from "Finnegans Wake."
Waywords and Meansigns: Recreating Finnegans Wake [in its whole wholume] is an international project setting James Joyce's novel "Finnegans Wake" to music.
 Waywords and Meansigns has released two editions of audio, each offering an unabridged musical adaptation of Joyce's book.
 A third edition, featuring over 100 artists and performing much shorter passages of the book, debuted May 4, 2017.
The Waywords and Meansigns Opendoor Edition debuted in 2017 as a part of the Waywords and Meansigns project setting James Joyce's "Finnegans Wake" to music.
 The Opendoor Edition features over 100 artists and musicians performing unabridged passages of "Finnegans Wake."
 An open edition, participants are invited to contribute to the Opendoor Edition on an ongoing basis.
 The edition first premiered May 4, 2017.
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man is the first novel by Irish writer James Joyce.
 A Künstlerroman in a modernist style, it traces the religious and intellectual awakening of young Stephen Dedalus, a fictional alter ego of Joyce and an allusion to Daedalus, the consummate craftsman of Greek mythology.
 Stephen questions and rebels against the Catholic and Irish conventions under which he has grown, culminating in his self-exile from Ireland to Europe.
 The work uses techniques that Joyce developed more fully in "Ulysses" (1922) and "Finnegans Wake" (1939).
Leatherbag was a rock band from Austin, Texas formed in 2005 by songwriter Randy Reynolds after moving from Houston.
 The band's name comes from a passage in the James Joyce novel, "Finnegans Wake".
The James Joyce Award, also known as the Honorary Fellowship of the Society, is an award given by the Literary and Historical Society (L&H) of University College Dublin (UCD) for those who have achieved outstanding success in their given field; recipients have ranged from respected academics, lauded political figures, skilled actors and, like James Joyce himself, writers.
 It is the highest award that an Irish University society can give.
 It is named after one of the society's most distinguished alumni, James Joyce, the author of "Dubliners", "Ulysses", "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" and "Finnegans Wake".
Bottom's Dream (German: "Zettels Traum" or "ZETTEL’S TRAUM" as the author wrote the title) is a novel published in 1970 by West German author Arno Schmidt.
 Schmidt began writing the novel in December 1963 while he and Hans Wollschläger began to translate the works of Edgar Allan Poe into German.
 The novel was inspired by James Joyce's novel "Finnegans Wake", particularly Schmidt's use of columns (his "SpaltenTechnik"), which Schmidt claimed was borrowed from the "Wake".
Finn's Hotel is a posthumously-published collection of ten short narrative pieces written by Irish author James Joyce.
 Written in 1923, the works were not published until 2013 by Ithys Press, who claimed the work to be a precursor to Joyce's "Finnegans Wake".
Finnegans Wake is a work of avant-garde comic fiction by Irish writer James Joyce.
 It is significant for its experimental style and reputation as one of the most difficult works of fiction in the English language.
 Written in Paris over a period of seventeen years and published in 1939, two years before the author's death, "Finnegans Wake" was Joyce's final work.
 The entire book is written in a largely idiosyncratic language, which blends standard English lexical items and neologistic multilingual puns and portmanteau words to unique effect.
 Many critics believe the technique was Joyce's attempt to recreate the experience of sleep and dreams.
 Owing to the work's expansive linguistic experiments, stream of consciousness writing style, literary allusions, free dream associations, and abandonment of narrative conventions, "Finnegans Wake" remains largely unread by the general public.
William York Tindall (1903–1981) was an American James Joyce scholar with a long and distinguished teaching career at Columbia University.
 Several of Tindall's classic works of criticism, including "A Reader's Guide to James Joyce" and "A Reader's Guide to Finnegans Wake" are still in print.
 He wrote a total of thirteen books on UK and Irish authors including Joyce, Dylan Thomas, William Butler Yeats, and Samuel Beckett.
