Karl Strauss Brewing Company is a San Diego, California-based craft brewery with eleven brewpub locations across Southern California and an onsite tasting room at their main brewery in the Pacific Beach neighborhood of San Diego.
 Besides being available at its own brewpubs the company’s beers are distributed across all of California.
 Karl Strauss is the oldest surviving brewery in San Diego County, having been founded in 1989, and is credited with launching the county's rise to prominence in the craft brewing industry.
 Based on 2016 sales volume it is the 47th largest brewery in the United States.
 In 2016 Karl Strauss was declared the Mid-Size Brewery of the Year at the Great American Beer Festival.
Żywiec Brewery (] ) is a brewery founded in 1856, in Żywiec, Poland, then part of Austria-Hungary.
 It was nationalised after the Second World War.
 Grupa Żywiec S.A. consists of five main breweries: Żywiec Brewery, Elbrewery, Leżajsk, Warka Brewery and Cieszyn Brewery.
 Currently the Dutch Heineken Group (Heineken International Beheer B.V.), with a 61% shareholding, has control over major operations.
 The brewery has the capacity of producing 5 million hls a year, making it the largest brewery in Grupa Żywiec.
Marble Brewery is a brewery in Albuquerque, New Mexico, founded in 2008.
 As of 2014, it was the second largest brewery in New Mexico behind Santa Fe Brewing Company with an annual production volume of 13,000 US barrels.
 In 2016, the brewery completed a major expansion which increased the production capacity to 30,000 barrels.
 Its beers have won several awards and it was named Small Brewery and Brewmaster of the Year at the 2014 Great American Beer Festival.
Flying Dog Brewery is a craft brewery located in Frederick, Maryland.
 Founded in 1990 by George Stranahan and Richard McIntyre, it is the largest brewery in Maryland.
 As of 2015, Flying Dog is the 37th largest craft brewery in the United States.
J.F. (Johannes) Swinkels (1851–1950) was an important person of the Dutch brewing industry.
 He was the fourth generation of Swinkels family running a brewery in the Dutch village of Lieshout, North Brabant.
 When he took over the brewery in 1884 he started its transformation from a local brewery into a worldwide but still family owned company with annual production of five hundred million litres of beer.
 Nowadays Bavaria is the second largest brewery in the Netherlands and Johannes is considered to be the founding father of its present-day success.
 Johannes was actually the first brewer in Lieshout who fully focused on the brewing business only when his ancestors always split their professional capacities in between brewery and agriculture given the favourable location of Lieshout surroundings.
The Browar Łomża (] ) is Poland's fourth largest brewery.
 Browar Łomża Sp.
 z o.o. launched the plant in 1968.
 In 2007 it was purchased by Royal Unibrew.
 In 2011 it was sold to Polish Brewery Van Pur of Warsaw.
 The Browar Łomża brewery is located in Łomża, Poland.
Truman's Brewery was a large East London brewery and one of the largest brewers in the world at the end of the 19th century.
 Founded around 1666, the Black Eagle Brewery was established on a plot of land next to what is now Brick Lane in London, E1.
 It grew steadily until the 18th century when, under the management of Benjamin Truman, and driven by the demand for porter, it expanded rapidly and became one of the largest brewers in London.
 Its growth continued into and through the 19th century with the expansion of its brewery and pub estate.
 In 1873, it purchased Philips Brewery in Burton and became the largest brewery in the world.
Chen Tao (真道, or "True Way") was a UFO religion that originated in Taiwan.
 It was by Hon-Ming Chen (born 1955) who first associated it with UFOs, and later had the group misrepresented as a New Age UFO cult.
 Chen was a former professor who claimed to be atheist until he joined a religious cultivation group, which dated back for two generations to the original female founder, Teacher Yu-Hsia Chen.
 But he broke with the group headed by the third-generation teacher in 1993 and created, with another fellow-cultivator, Tao-hung Ma, their own groups.
 It was later when he broke with Ma and decided to move to the US that new elements such as the pseudo-scientific information of cosmology, and flying saucers, as well as Christian motifs of the prophecy of the end and the great tribulation, etc., were introduced into the group.
Sun King Brewing is a brewery in the Cole-Noble District of Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
 It is the largest brewery in Indianapolis and the second largest brewery in the state.
 In 2011, Sun King won eight medals, including four gold medals, total at the Great American Beer Festival.
 Sun King was the first commercial brewery to open up in approximately 30 years in Indianapolis.
Frederick Brewing Company (at one point also known as Wild Goose Brewery) is a brewery at the Wedgewood Business Park in Frederick, Maryland, United States.
 It was founded sometime between 1992 and 1993 by Marjorie McGinnis, Kevin Brannon, and Steve Nordahl and had its grand opening on 12 February 1997.
 The company was taken over by Snyder International Brewing Group in 1999 and merged with Snyder International Brewing Group in 2001.
 In early 2002 or 2003 the company was placed into receivership and in 2006 was purchased by Flying Dog Brewery and renamed Wild Goose Brewery.
 At some point the brewery stopped being known as Wild Goose Brewery and just became Flying Dog Brewery.
