Johnny Jack Nounes, also known as the "Beau Brummell of Galveston", was an organized crime boss in Galveston, Texas, United States, during the early 1900s.
 He, with one-armed George Musey, led the Downtown Gang, one of the two gangs which controlled most of the Galveston Crime Syndicate until the early 1930s.
 They fought for control of the island against the rival Beach Gang led by Ollie Quinn and Dutch Voight.
 As the prohibition era began, his gang came to be one of the dominant forces in the Galveston Crime Syndicate.
 Galveston became the main port of entry for liquor supply in Texas and many parts of the Midwest.
Hoodlum is the soundtrack to the 1997 American crime drama film "Hoodlum".
 It was released on August 12, 1997 by Interscope Records and consisted of a blend of hip hop and R&B music.
 The soundtrack peaked at 94 on the "Billboard" 200 and 23 on the Top R&B Albums and contained Mobb Deep's single "Hoodlum" which went to 29 on the Hot Rap Singles.
Joseph "Big Joe" Todaro Jr. (born 1945 or 1946) is a Buffalo, New York businessman and former organized crime figure involved in labor racketeering, loansharking, illegal gambling, narcotics, and murder for hire.
 Joe Todaro Jr. became a business agent for the Laborers' International Union of North America (LIUNA) Local 210.
 In 1984, Joe Todaro Jr. allegedly became the underboss of the Buffalo crime family after his father became the new head of the crime family, upon the retirement of his predecessor Samuel "Sam the Farmer" Frangiamore.
 In 1990, Joe Todaro Jr. resigned as business agent following investigations on the local's alleged ties to organized crime.
 Outside of organized crime, Todaro operates La Nova Pizzeria, a popular pizza restaurant in Buffalo.
James J. Marcello (born December 13, 1943), also known variously as Little Jimmy, Jimmy Light and as Jimmy the Man Marcello, is an imprisoned crime boss who was a front boss for the Chicago Outfit criminal organization in the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s.
 Organized crime observers identified Marcello as a figurehead during that period while the organization's day-to-day operations actually were run by John “No Nose” DiFronzo, Joseph “Joey the Clown” Lombardo, Joseph “Joe the Builder” Andriacchi and Angelo J. LaPietra.
 Marcello is the Cousin of Michael Hayes Marcello, and a cousin of Robert Urbinatti.
 He is also the father of Rocco Marcello.
Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum (lit.
 "My Brother is a Hoodlum") is a Filipino drama series developed for TV5 created by Deo J. Fajardo.
 It stars JC de Vera and Jasmine Curtis-Smith.
 It is a remake of the original movie where Robin Padilla played the role of Ben, a hoodlum, and Vina Morales, as Bing.
 The movie was first released in 1991, then a sequel entitled "Miss na Miss Kita: Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum 2" was made the following year.
 It is produced by Vic Del Rosario Jr., and Manuel V. Pangilinan and it also marks as the first primetime series produced by Viva Television for TV5 after a decade.
St. John Cemetery is an official Roman Catholic burial ground located in Middle Village in the Queens borough of New York City.
 It is one of nine official Roman Catholic burial grounds in the New York Metropolitan Area.
 St. John, along with St. Charles/Resurrection Cemeteries in Farmingdale, Long Island, is among the largest cemeteries in New York State.
 Since its opening, St. John has been the resting place of various famous and infamous people in New York City society, such as Mario Cuomo (1932–2015), Governor of the state of New York from 1983–1995, John F. Hylan (1868–1936), mayor of the city of New York from 1918–1925, Geraldine Ferraro (1935–2011), the first female Vice Presidential candidate representing a major American political party, Lucky Luciano (1897–1962), considered the father of modern organized crime in the United States, and John J. Gotti (1940–2002), the head of the New York City based Gambino crime family from 1985–2002.
Charles "Lucky" Luciano ( ; born Salvatore Lucania November 24, 1897 – January 26, 1962) was an Italian-American mobster and crime boss.
 Luciano is considered the father of modern organized crime in the United States for the establishment of the first Commission.
 He was also the first official boss of the modern Genovese crime family.
 He was, along with his associates, instrumental in the development of the National Crime Syndicate.
Carl Angelo "Tuffy" DeLuna (April 30, 1927 – July 21, 2008) was an organized crime figure who was once the powerful underboss of the Kansas City crime family (the family).
 He was also brother-in-law to Kansas City crime boss Anthony Civella.
Still at Large is the third and final album released by Crime Boss.
 Following the release of his successful second album, "Conflicts & Confusion", Crime Boss left Suave House Records and formed his own independent label called Crime Lab Records and released "Still at Large" through it.
 Though his previous two albums were produced by Suave House's T-Mix, Crime Boss himself handled a majority of the album's production. '
Francis Colacurcio, Sr. (June 18, 1917 – July 2, 2010) was an American businessman and boss of the Seattle crime family known for running strip clubs in Seattle, Washington.
 He gained notoriety as a subject of ongoing federal investigations into organized crime in the city and was suspected of being an organized crime boss.
