The Big Pig Gig and Big Pig Gig: Do-Re-Wee were public art exhibits on display in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, in the summers of 2000 and 2012, respectively.
 Local artists and schools decorated hundreds of full-sized fiberglass pig statues and installed them throughout the downtown area.
 The events were organized by ArtWorks, a community art employment program.
Big on Love is a song by Australian new wave rock band Models.
 It was released as a single on 18 November 1984, well ahead of the album, "Out of Mind, Out of Sight", which appeared in August the following year.
 It peaked at No. 24 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart in 1984.
 It was produced for Mushroom Records by Reggie Lucas, and was co-written by Sean Kelly, the group's lead guitarist and lead vocalist, and Lucas.
 For the single, Models line up was Kelly, James Freud on backing vocals and bass guitar, Roger Mason on keyboards, Barton Price on drums, and James Valentine on saxophone.
 They were joined on guest backing vocals by Sherine Abeyratne of Big Pig.
Pig wrestling (also known as pig scramble and with the variants hog wrestling and greased pig catching) is a type of game sometimes played at agricultural shows such as state and county fairs, in which contestants, usually children or young adults, try to grab a slippery pig.
 In the most common version of the game, a team of four members chases a domestic pig around a fenced-off mud pit and attempts to place it in a barrel, in a race against the clock.
 In some events the pigs are greased with vegetable or mineral oil in order to make catching the pig more difficult.
Jach'a Khuchi (Aymara "jach'a" big, "khuchi" pig, "big pig", also spelled "Jachcha Kochi") is a 4464 m mountain in the Bolivian Andes.
 It is located in the Cochabamba Department, in the east of the Bolívar Province.
 Jach'a Khuchi lies northwest of Sirk'i.
WPIG is an FM radio station located in Olean, New York.
 Branded as “95.7 The Big Pig,” the station operates at 95.7 MHz on the FM dial and operates a mainstream country music format.
 It is owned by Community Broadcasters, LLC.
Big Pig were an Australian funk, rock and pop band that existed from 1985 to 1991.
 An early line-up was Sherine on lead vocals and percussion (ex-Editions, Bang); Tony Antonaides on vocals and harmonica; Neil Baker on drums; Nick Disbray on vocals and percussion; Tim Rosewarne on vocals and keyboards (ex-Bang); Adrian Scaglione on drums; and Oleh Witer on vocals and percussion (ex-Bang).
 They issued two albums, "Bonk" (March 1988) and "You Lucky People" (15 November 1990), on the White Records Label imprint of Mushroom Records.
The Philippine warty pig, "Sus philippensis", is one of four known species in the pig genus ("Sus") endemic to the Philippines.
 The other three endemic species are the Visayan warty pig ("S. cebifrons"), Mindoro warty pig ("S. oliveri") and the Palawan bearded pig ("S. ahoenobarbus"), also being rare members of the family Suidae.
 Philippine warty pigs have two pairs of warts, with a tuft of hair extending outwards from the warts closest to the jaw.
The Big Pig Jig (official name Slosheye Trail Big Pig Jig) is a barbecue cooking competition held annually in Vienna, Georgia.
 It is the state pork cook-off of Georgia.
Bonk is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Big Pig.
 It was released in March 1988 on White Label Records.
 The album went gold, then platinum in Australia with three top-twenty singles ("Hungry Town", "Breakaway" and "Big Hotel").
 The album was released in America by A&M Records in 1988, and the music video for "Breakaway" was played on MTV.
 "Breakaway" was featured on the "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" soundtrack and "Hungry Town" on the "Young Einstein" soundtrack.
 "Breakaway" and "Money God" were used in the "Miami Vice" TV series in the 1980s.
 "Breakaway" was also featured in Season 1, Episode 4 of "Glitch (TV series)".
Sherine Yvonne Abeyratne is an Australian singer.
 She and her twin sister, Suzanne, are London-born Australian-raised vocalists who often sang together as backing singers of a number of groups including Models, INXS and U2.
 They also pursued their own separate careers; for example, Sherine provided lead vocals for Big Pig from 1985 to 1991.
