Born 2 B.R.E.E.D. is a 1993 single by Monie Love.
 The single was written by Monie Love, Prince, and Levi Seacer Jr. "Born 2 B.R.E.E.D." was Monie Love's second release from her, In a Word or 2 album.
 B.R.E.E.D. is an acronym for "Build Relationships where Education and Enlightenment Dominate".
Section.80 is the debut studio album by American rapper Kendrick Lamar.
 It was released on July 2, 2011, by Top Dawg Entertainment.
 The album features guest appearances from GLC, Colin Munroe, Ashtrobot, BJ the Chicago Kid, Schoolboy Q, Ab-Soul and vocals from late singer-songwriter Alori Joh.
 The production was mainly handled by Top Dawg in-house producers from production group Digi+Phonics, along with THC, Tommy Black, Wyldfyer, Terrace Martin and J. Cole.
 The concept album features lyrical themes delivered by Lamar such as the 1980s crack epidemic, racism and medication tolerance.
 The album's lead single, "HiiiPoWeR" was released on April 12, 2011.
Townes is the 13th studio album by alternative country singer Steve Earle, released in 2009.
 It is an album on which he pays tribute to his friend and mentor, the late singer-songwriter Townes Van Zandt by covering his songs.
 According to a New West Records press release, "The songs selected for "Townes" were the ones that meant the most to Earle and the ones he personally connected to (not including selections featured on previous Earle albums).
 Some of the selections chosen were songs that Earle has played his entire career ("Pancho & Lefty", "Lungs" and "White Freightliner Blues") and others he had to learn specifically for recording.
Biddu Appaiah (born 1944), is an Indian-born, England-based singer-songwriter, composer and music producer who produced and composed many hit records worldwide during a career spanning five decades.
 Considered one of the pioneers of disco, Euro disco, and Indian pop, he has sold millions of records worldwide, and has received Grammy and Ivor Novello awards for his work.
 He has been ranked at number 34 on NME's "The 50 Greatest Producers Ever" list.
Carry the Banner is the third EP by the Berkeley, California-based punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.
 Originally released on 10" vinyl in December 1994 through Too Many Records, the EP was reissued on CD by Lookout Records shortly after as the initial vinyl pressing sold out quickly.
 It was the group's first release to feature Jason White on guitar/vocals, replacing Sarah Kirsch, who left the band in 1994 due to differences with Billie Joe Armstrong after his main band Green Day signed to major label Reprise Records.
Rhett Lawrence is an American record producer and songwriter, who has been described as a visionary who has the ability to create career-defining hits for artists.
 Throughout his career, Lawrence’s creative contributions helped generate sales of over 225 million records and he received over 725 gold, platinum and diamond awards worldwide.
 He has produced, mentored, and helped launch the career of 5 of the top 200 artists of all time who have sold over 350,000,000 records worldwide.
 He has worked with 30 of the top 500 artists of all time who have sold over 2.2 billion records worldwide.
 Many of these artist are also in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Amy Elizabeth Macdonald (born 25 August 1987) is a Scottish singer-songwriter, and guitarist, and musician.
 She has sold over 12 million records worldwide.
 Macdonald released her debut album "This Is the Life" in 2007.
 The singles "Mr. Rock & Roll" and "This Is the Life" from it were chart hits.
 The latter charted at number one in six countries, while reaching the top 10 in another 11 countries.
 The album reached number one in four European countries–the United Kingdom, Denmark, the Netherlands and Switzerland–and sold three million copies worldwide.
 Moderate success in the American music market followed in 2008.
 She was a guest on shows such as "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" and "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson", where she performed two singles from the album, and "This Is the Life" reached number 92 on the "Billboard" 200.
American recording artist Kelly Rowland has released four studio albums, two compilation albums, one box set, two extended plays and forty-four singles, including twenty as a featured artist and five promotional singles. Rowland began her career in 1997 with one of the best-selling girl groups, Destiny's Child, who have sold around 60 million records worldwide.
 As a solo artist, Rowland has sold 40 million records worldwide.
Eduardo "Ed" Motta (born August 17, 1971) is a Brazilian MPB, rock, soul, funk and jazz musician.
 He is the nephew of late singer-songwriter Tim Maia.
Roger Yang Pei-an (; born June 5, 1971) is a Taiwanese rock singer known for breaking out as an "undiscovered" talent at the age of 35 in the Taiwanese music industry with the hit song, "I Believe" (我相信) that established his powerhouse, octave-jumping vocal skills, leading him to be dubbed as the "Iron Lung Prince" (鐵肺王子) by the Taiwanese media and the "Treble God" (高音之神) by his fans.
 His voice has often compared to late singer-songwriter Zhang Yu-Sheng due to his penchant for singing the latter's songs and their similar ability to sing high notes effortlessly and clearly without using falsetto.
