The Twin Towers II (also known as Twin Towers 2, New Twin Towers, Trump Twin Towers and World Trade Center Phoenix ) was a proposed twin-towered supertall skyscraper complex which would have been located at the World Trade Center site in Manhattan, New York City.
 The proposed complex would have replaced the former Twin Towers of the World Trade Center destroyed in the September 11 attacks, restoring the skyline of the city to its former state.
 The main design for the proposed complex would feature new landmark twin towers, identical to the originals designed by Minoru Yamasaki, though it would feature 115 stories—5 floors taller than the originals, among other differences.
 Beside the towers, an above-ground memorial would have occupied the footprints of the original towers.
 The new site would also have featured three 12-story buildings, replacing the original 3, 4 and 5 World Trade Center.
 The complex was designed and developed by American architect Herbert Belton and American engineer Kenneth Gardner, and sponsored by businessman and 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump.
American businessman, politician, and 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump, has used several pseudonyms, including "John Barron" (or "John Baron") and "John Miller".
 His habit of sometimes speaking to the media under the guise of a spokesperson has been described as "an open secret" at the Trump Organization and in New York media circles.
 Some New York editors recalled that "calls from Barron were at points so common that they became a recurring joke on the city desk."
 A writer for "Fortune" reported that Trump's father Fred Trump had used a pseudonym ("Mr. Green") in business dealings.
The inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States marked commencement of the four-year term of Donald Trump as President and Mike Pence as Vice President.
 An estimated 300,000-600,000 people attended the public ceremony held on Friday, January 20, 2017 on the West Front of the United States Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. Along with being the oldest and wealthiest person to assume the presidency, he is the first without prior military or governmental service experience.
The United States presidential election of 2016 was the 58th quadrennial American presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 8, 2016.
 In a surprise victory, the Republican ticket of businessman Donald Trump and Indiana Governor Mike Pence defeated the Democratic ticket of former First Lady, U.S. Senator of New York and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and U.S. Senator from Virginia Tim Kaine.
 Trump took office as the 45th President, and Pence as the 48th Vice President, on January 20, 2017.
 Concurrent with the presidential election, Senate, House, and many gubernatorial and state and local elections were also held on November 8.
Frederick Christ Trump Sr. (October 11, 1905 – June 25, 1999) was an American real estate developer and philanthropist, primarily in New York City, and father of Donald Trump, the 45th President of the United States, and Maryanne Trump Barry, a United States Court of Appeals judge.
The presidency of Donald Trump began at noon EST on January 20, 2017, when Donald Trump was inaugurated as the 45th President of the United States, succeeding Barack Obama.
 Trump, the Republican nominee, was a businessman and reality television personality from New York City at the time of his victory in the 2016 presidential election over the Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
 His running mate, former Governor Mike Pence of Indiana, took office as the 48th Vice President of the United States on the same day.
 Trump's term in office is set to end on January 20, 2021, though he is eligible for election to a second term and has declared his intention to run.
Trump National Golf Club Westchester is a private golf club in Briarcliff Manor, New York.
 Owned by Donald Trump, the 45th President of the United States, the 140 acre course has eighteen holes, with a 75000 sqft clubhouse.
 Founded in 1922 as "Briarcliff Country Club", it later operated as "Briar Hills Country Club" and "Briar Hall Golf and Country Club" before Trump's purchase of the property in 1996.
 Trump renamed the club to match his other golf properties, and after its county, Westchester.
 He had the clubhouse and course rebuilt for its 2002 reopening; the course was designed by Jim Fazio.
 Donald Trump served as president over Trump National Golf Club LLC (managing the Westchester club) from August 2000 until January 19, 2017, the day before his inauguration.
The New York Biltmore Hotel was a luxury hotel in New York City that opened in 1913.
 It was one of three palatial hotels built as part of the Terminal City development.
 The others were the Commodore Hotel (currently Grand Hyatt New York), and the Roosevelt Hotel, which is still in operation.
Donald Trump is an American businessman, former television personality, and the 45th President of the United States.
 He began his real estate career at his father's company, Elizabeth Trump and Son, which he later renamed to The Trump Organization.
 He rose to public prominence after a number of successful real estate deals in Manhattan and New York City, and his company now owns and develops lodging and golf courses around the world.
 Trump partly or completely owned several beauty pageants between 1996 and 2015.
 He has marketed his name to many building projects and commercial products.
 Trump's unsuccessful business ventures have included several casino and hotel bankruptcies, the folding of his New Jersey Generals football team, and the now-defunct Trump University.
The Grand Hyatt New York is a hotel located directly east of the Grand Central Terminal in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
 It was originally built and opened on January 28, 1919, as The Commodore Hotel.
 In 1980, Donald Trump modernized the outside of the building and renovated the inside as part of his first construction project in Manhattan.
