The 2011–12 Winnipeg Jets season was the 13th season for the National Hockey League franchise and the first in Winnipeg, Manitoba, after 12 seasons as the Atlanta Thrashers.
 The franchise played in Atlanta since the 1999–2000 NHL season, and relocated to Winnipeg following the conclusion of the 2010–11 NHL season.
 The relocation of the Thrashers to Winnipeg was confirmed by NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman on May 31, 2011, and approved by the NHL Board of Governors on June 21, 2011.
 The 2011 season also marks the first appearance of the Winnipeg Jets name in the NHL since the previous franchise moved from Winnipeg to Phoenix in 1996.
 At the end of the year, the team failed to qualify for a playoff spot.
The Leinster Ladies senior football club championship has been running since 1978.
 The trophy is named after the man who presented it, Bill Daly, a Cavanman who lived in Dublin and was involved with Ballyboden St Endas.
 Foxrock Cabinteely (Dublin) are the current holders having secured their second ever title and will represent Leinster in the All Ireland series, where they will face Carnacon of Mayo.
Bill Daly ( 7 November 1892 – 26 September 1980) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
William "Bill" L. Daly III (born May 1, 1964) is an American attorney and the current deputy commissioner and chief legal officer of the National Hockey League (NHL) under commissioner, Gary Bettman.
 He is also a Hockey Hall of Fame board member and former NHL vice president and chief legal officer.
 Before joining the NHL front office he worked for the New York law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP.
 He received his bachelor's degree from Dartmouth College and his law degree from New York University School of Law.
 He is a big fan of the Miami Dolphins, and currently resides in Bethesda, Maryland.
The 58th National Hockey League All-Star Game, also known as the 2011 National Hockey League All-Star Game presented by Discover, was the National Hockey League's (NHL) annual All-Star Game played on January 30, 2011.
 The game took place during the 2010–11 NHL season at the RBC Center in Raleigh, North Carolina, home of the Carolina Hurricanes.
 Originally, the Game was supposed to be hosted by the Phoenix Coyotes, but due to ownership issues, the NHL decided to move the game.
 After bidding for the game reopened, it was awarded to Carolina and fulfilled a nine-year-old promise made to the franchise by NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman.
Gary Bruce Bettman (born June 2, 1952) is the commissioner of the National Hockey League (NHL), a post he has held since February 1, 1993.
 Previously, Bettman was a senior vice president and general counsel to the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Bettman is a graduate of Cornell University and New York University School of Law.
William Merrigan Daly, Jr., known to friends and colleagues as Bill Daly (1 September 1887, in Cincinnati – 3 December 1936, in New York City), was a pianist, composer, songwriter, orchestrator, musical director and conductor.
Richard "Rick" Howland is a Canadian actor known for his role as Trick on "Lost Girl" and Harry Buttman (a parody of Gary Bettman) in "Bon Cop, Bad Cop".
Toni Janke is a contemporary Indigenous female singer/songwriter.
 She is a mother of two and was one of Australia's youngest Indigenous university graduates.
 She graduated with a combined Bachelor of Arts/Law from the University of NSW in 1989.
 She won a Deadly in 2002 for Female Artist of The Year.
 Janke has Aboriginal, Torres Strait Islander, Malay and Filipino heritage.
 She also graduated from the Australian Catholic University School of Theology where she obtained a Graduate Certificate in Ministry in 2012 and has worked in government, Indigenous media, the arts, education and pastoral ministry.
 She lives in Brisbane and works in the community sector.
Gilbert Stein (born 1928) is an American lawyer, law instructor and former professional ice hockey executive.
 Stein served with the National Hockey League (NHL) as vice-president and legal counsel for nearly 15 years before becoming the fifth and last president of the NHL in 1992.
 Stein served in that role for a year until shortly after the owners appointed Gary Bettman to the newly created post of commissioner.
 Stein was initially inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1993, but withdrew after allegations that he had improperly manipulated his own nomination.
 Since leaving the NHL, Stein has served as a lawyer and taught sports law.
