The Statenvlag ("States Flag") is the name of the flag of the States-General of the Dutch Republic, the red-white-blue tricolour flag replacing the older orange-white-blue Prince's Flag in the mid 17th century.
Liberty Leading the People (French: "La Liberté guidant le peuple" ] ) is a painting by Eugène Delacroix commemorating the July Revolution of 1830, which toppled King Charles X of France.
 A woman personifying the concept and the Goddess of Liberty leads the people forward over a barricade and the bodies of the fallen, holding the flag of the French Revolution – the tricolour flag, which remains France's national flag – in one hand and brandishing a bayonetted musket with the other.
 The figure of Liberty is also viewed as a symbol of France and the French Republic known as Marianne.
The flag of Gabon is a tricolour consisting of three horizontal green, yellow and blue bands.
 Adopted in 1960 to replace the previous colonial flag containing the French Tricolour at the canton, it has been the flag of the Gabonese Republic since the country gained independence that year.
 The design of the present flag entailed the removal the Tricolour and the widening of the yellow stripe at the centre.
The National Flag of India is a horizontal rectangular tricolour of India saffron, white and India green; with the "Ashoka Chakra ", a 24-spoke wheel, in navy blue at its centre.
 It was adopted in its present form during a meeting of the Constituent Assembly held on 22 July 1947, and it became the official flag of the Dominion of India on 15 August 1947.
 The flag was subsequently retained as that of the Republic of India.
 In India, the term "tricolour" (Hindi: तिरंगा , "Tiraṅgā " ) almost always refers to the Indian national flag.
 The flag is based on the "Swaraj " flag, a flag of the Indian National Congress designed by Pingali Venkayya.
The flag of Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani: "Azərbaycan bayrağı" ) is a horizontal tricolour featuring three equally sized fesses of blue, red, and green, with a white crescent and an eight-pointed star in the center.
 The tricolour replaced an earlier design used by the Azerbaijan SSR.
 The blue symbolizes Azerbaijan's Turkic heritage, the red stands for progress, and the green represents Islam.
 The official colors and size were adopted on February 5, 1991.
 This flag was used from November 9, 1918 to 1920, when Azerbaijan was independent, and it was revived with slight variations on February 5, 1991.
 The nickname for the flag is Üçrəngli Bayraq, which means The Tricolour Flag.
The flag of France (French: "Drapeau français" ) is a tricolour flag featuring three vertical bands coloured blue (hoist side), white, and red.
 It is known to English speakers as the French Tricolour or simply the Tricolour ().
Tricolore by Adidas was the official match ball of 1998 FIFA World Cup in France.
 The tricolour flag and cockerel, traditional symbols of France were used as inspiration for the design.
 It was the first multi-coloured ball to be used in the tournament's final stage and was also the final World Cup ball to bear the classic Tango design, introduced in the 1978 tournament.
 The design of blue triads decorated with cockerel motifs was adopted to represent the colours of the flag of France.
 Tricolore was also the first Adidas World Cup match ball manufactured outside of Europe (made in Morocco & Indonesia) since the 1970 Adidas Telstar.
 "Tricolore" means "three-colored" in French.
The flag of the Kingdom of Thailand (Thai: ธงไตรรงค์ , "Thong Trairong", meaning "tricolour flag”) shows five horizontal stripes in the colours red, white, blue, white and red, with the central blue stripe being twice as wide as each of the other four.
 The design was adopted on 28 September 1917, according to the royal decree issued by Rama VI that year.
 Since 2016, that day is a national holiday in Thailand celebrating the nation's flag.
The flag of Hungary (Hungarian: "Magyarország zászlaja" ) is a horizontal tricolour of red, white and green.
 In this exact form, it has been the official flag of Hungary since May 23, 1957.
 The flag's form originates from national republican movements of the 18th and 19th centuries, while its colours are from the Middle Ages.
 The current Hungarian tricolour flag is the same as the republican movement flag of the United Kingdom (used since 1816).
The Pan-Slavic colors — red, blue and white — were defined by the Prague Slavic Congress, 1848, based on the flag of Russia, which was introduced in the late 17th century.
 The tricolour flag of Russia was itself inspired by the flag of the Netherlands.
 Historically, many Slavic nations and states adopted flags and other national symbols that used some combination of those three colors, but rarely all three of them.
 List of Slavic countries that use or have used the colors include: Russia, Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia, Czech Republic, Montenegro, Slovakia, Croatia, Serbia and Slovenia.
 Bosnia and Herzegovina, Belarus, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Poland and Ukraine have never adopted the colors.
