Roberto Treviño is an American chef known for his appearances on "Iron Chef: America" and "The Next Iron Chef".
 He is chef and owner of three restaurants and a bar in the Condado area of San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Geoffrey Manthorne (born April 25, 1974), more commonly known as Geof, is an American chef known for his skill in cake building, as well as decorating.
 He stars on the Food Network's reality-TV show "Ace of Cakes" and works as executive sous chef at Duff Goldman's bakery Charm City Cakes in Baltimore, Maryland.
Isabella (Bella) Jakubiak is a self-taught Australian chef known for winning the 2011 series of reality television cooking programme, My Kitchen Rules with her sister Sammy.
Pablo Logro, popularly known as Boy Logro or Chef Boy (born June 29, 1956) is a Filipino celebrity chef known for his cooking shows, "Idol sa Kusina" and "".
Eudes Assis (from Boiçucanga, São Sebastião, São Paulo, Brazil) known as Chef Eudes, is a chef known in the Brazil for using ingredients of "caiçara" culture.
Daniel Clifford is an English chef who is best known for his work at the two Michelin star restaurant Midsummer House.
 He was also named one of the winners of the 2012 and 2013 series of the BBC television show the "Great British Menu".
 He is chef patron of a gastro pub in Little Dunmow, Essex, named The Flitch of Bacon.
Glynn Purnell (born 4 January 1975 in Birmingham, England) is an English chef and restaurateur.
 Described by the "Birmingham Post" as "undoubtably the finest chef to hail from Chelmsley Wood", he is the proprietor and Head Chef at "Purnell's" restaurant in Birmingham, England, which was awarded a Michelin star in January 2009.
Garima Poddar (Hindi: गरिमा पोद्दार ; born 3 April 1997) is an Indian celebrity chef known for her title which she won IIHM Young Chef India schools.
 Also she is known as Garry after (Garry Mehigan), her favourite judge in Masterchef Australia.
 At the age of 17 she was honoured by Dr. Suborno Bose, as he draped a national flag across her shoulder.
 Garima was the Torch Bearer in Young Chef Olympiad .
Monica E. Geller is a fictional character, one of the six main characters who appeared in the American sitcom "Friends".
 Created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, and portrayed by actress Courteney Cox, Monica appears in each of the show's 236 episodes, from its premiere on September 24, 1994 to its finale on May 6, 2004.
 A chef known for her cleanliness, competitiveness and obsessive-compulsive nature, Monica is the younger sister of Ross and best friend of Rachel, the latter of whom she invites to live with her after Rachel forsakes her own wedding.
 The two characters spend several years living together as roommates until Monica begins a romantic relationship with long-time neighbor and friend Chandler, whom she marries.
 Unable to conceive children on their own, the couple eventually adopts twins and moves out of their apartment into a larger house in the suburbs.
Kenny Atkinson, (born December 1976), is an English chef, who won Michelin stars at the restaurants St Martin's on the Isle, and Kenny Atkinson at the White Room within Seaham Hall.
 He has appeared on the BBC show "Great British Menu", where he has twice been selected as the chef for courses at the final banquets.
 He was named Chef of the Year at the 2009 Catey Awards.
 In 2015 he was award a Michelin star for his own restaurant House of Tides in Newcastle upon Tyne.
