The Eighty Years' War (Dutch: "Tachtigjarige Oorlog" ; Spanish: "Guerra de los Ochenta Años" ) or Dutch War of Independence (1568–1648) was a revolt of the Seventeen Provinces of what are today the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg, as well as the French region of Hauts-de-France against the political and religious hegemony of Philip II of Spain, the sovereign of the Habsburg Netherlands.
 After the initial stages, Philip II deployed his armies and regained control over most of the rebelling provinces.
 Under the leadership of the exiled William the Silent, the northern provinces continued their resistance.
 They eventually were able to oust the Habsburg armies, and in 1581 they established the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands.
 The war continued in other areas, although the heartland of the republic was no longer threatened; this included the beginnings of the Dutch Colonial Empire, which at the time were conceived as carrying overseas the war with Spain.
 After a 12-year truce, hostilities broke out again around 1619, which can be said to coincide with the Thirty Years' War.
 An end was reached in 1648 with the Peace of Münster (a treaty part of the Peace of Westphalia), when the Dutch Republic was recognised as an independent country (though the fact of its being such was evident long before).
Philip II (Spanish: "Felipe II" ; 21 May 1527 – 13 September 1598), called "the Prudent" (el Prudente), was King of Spain (1556–98), King of Portugal (1581–98, as "Philip I", "Filipe I"), King of Naples and Sicily (both from 1554), and "jure uxoris" King of England and Ireland (during his marriage to Queen Mary I from 1554–58).
 He was also Duke of Milan.
 From 1555, he was lord of the Seventeen Provinces of the Netherlands.
Philips van der Aa (died after 1586) was a politician in the Seventeen Provinces and a statesman of the Dutch Republic during its struggle for independence, the Eighty Years' War.
The Lille Chamber of Accounts (French: "Chambre des comptes de Lille" ) was founded by Philip the Bold on 15 February 1386 to audit the accounts of his functionaries in the county of Flanders.
 As Burgundian rule expanded in the Low Countries, similar chambers were founded in Brussels and The Hague.
 The Lille chamber ultimately oversaw government expenditure not only in the county of Flanders, but also in the county of Artois, county of Hainaut, marquisate of Namur, the Franche Comté, and the lordship of Mechelen in the Burgundian Netherlands, and later among the Seventeen Provinces of the Habsburg Netherlands.
The Pragmatic Sanction of 1549 was an edict, promulgated by Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, reorganizing the Seventeen Provinces of present day Holland, Belgium and Luxembourg into one indivisible territory, while retaining existing customs, laws, and forms of government within the provinces.
The Treaty of Antwerp, which initiated the Twelve Years' Truce, was an armistice signed in Antwerp on 9 April 1609 between Spain and the Netherlands, creating the major break in hostilities during the Eighty Years' War for independence conducted by the Seventeen Provinces in the Low Countries.
The Seventeen Provinces was a term applied to the Imperial states of the Habsburg Netherlands in the 16th century.
 They roughly covered the Low Countries, i.e. what is now Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg; plus most of the modern French department of Nord-Pas-de-Calais including Artois, French Flanders, and French Hainaut.
 Also within this area were semi-independent fiefdoms, mainly ecclesiastical ones, such as Liège, Cambrai and Stavelot-Malmedy.
The Siege of Antwerp took place during the Eighty Years' War from July 1584 until August 1585.
 At the time Antwerp, in modern Belgium, was not only the largest Dutch city, but was also the cultural, economic and financial centre of the Seventeen Provinces and of north-western Europe.
 On 4 November 1576, unpaid Spanish soldiery mutinied: they plundered and burnt the city during what was called the Spanish Fury.
 Thousands of citizens were massacred and hundreds of houses were burnt down.
 As a result, Antwerp became even more engaged in the rebellion against the rule of Habsburg Spain.
 The city joined the Union of Utrecht (1579) and became the capital of the Dutch Revolt, which no longer was merely a Protestant rebellion but had become a revolt of all Dutch provinces.
The Chao Phraya Dam is a barrage dam in Sapphaya District, Chai Nat, Thailand.
 It regulates the flow of the Chao Phraya River as it passes into lower central Thailand, distributing water to an area of 11600 sqkm in seventeen provinces as part of the Greater Chao Phraya Irrigation Project.
 The dam has sixteen 12.5-metre gates, and its construction took place from 1952 to 1957.
Baron Wolverton, of Wolverton in the County of Buckingham, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1869 for the banker George Glyn.
 He was the fourth son of Sir Richard Carr Glyn, 1st Baronet, of Gaunt's House, Lord Mayor of London in 1798, himself the fourth son of Sir Richard Glyn, 1st Baronet, of Ewell, Lord Mayor of London in 1758.
 Lord Wolverton was succeeded by the eldest of his nine sons, the second Baron.
 He was a Liberal politician and served under William Ewart Gladstone as Paymaster-General and as Postmaster General.
 He was childless and was succeeded by his nephew, the third Baron.
 He was the eldest son of Vice-Admiral the Hon. Henry Carr Glyn, younger son of the first Baron.
 He died childless the following year aged only twenty-six, and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fourth Baron.
 He served as Vice-Chamberlain of the Household from 1902 to 1905 in the Conservative administration of Arthur Balfour.
 On the death in 1988 of his second but eldest surviving son, the fifth Baron, this line of the family failed.
 The title was inherited by the late Baron's second cousin, the sixth Baron.
 He was the grandson of the Hon. Pascoe Glyn, younger son of the first Baron.
 s of 2011 the title is held by his grandson, the eighth Baron, who succeeded in 2011.
 As a descendant of both the first Glyn Baronet of Gaunt's House and of the first Glyn Baronet of Ewell, he is also in remainder to these titles.
