Kalicharan is a 1976 Indian action drama film directed by Subhash Ghai and starring Shatrughan Sinha, Reena Roy, Ajit, Danny Denzongpa, Madan Puri and Premnath.
 The film became a box office hit.
 The film was the directorial debut of Subhash Ghai and was the breakthrough role for stars Shatrughan Sinha and Reena Roy.
 It was later remade into the Telugu film "Khaidi Kalidasu" (1977), Kannada film Kaalinga (1980) with Vishnuvardhan and the Tamil film "Sangili" (1982) with Prabhu and Sivaji Ganesan in the lead roles and in Malayalam "Pathamudayam" (1985) by Mohanlal.
Karma (Hindi:कर्मा) is a 1986 Indian action film directed by Subhash Ghai and featuring an ensemble cast including Dilip Kumar, Nutan, Naseeruddin Shah, Jackie Shroff, Anil Kapoor, Poonam Dhillon, Sridevi and Anupam Kher.
 The film reunites Subhash Ghai and Dilip Kumar after the success of their last film together "Vidhaata" (1982).
 The film also marked the first time Dilip Kumar was paired with veteran actress Nutan.
 The film was a huge success at box office.
"(for non-related playwright and fellow actor Willard Mack, see Willard Mack)"
Samhita: The Script (or simply Samhita) is a 2013 Indian Marathi film directed by duo Sumitra BhaveSunil Sukthankar and produced by Mukta Arts in association with Ashokk Movies.
 The film starts Devika Daftardar, Milind Soman, and Rajeshwari Sachdev in the lead roles along with Uttara Baokar and Jyoti Subhash reprising the supporting roles.
 The film had its theatrical release on 18 October 2013 and won several awards including two National Film Awards at the 60th National Film Awards; the Best Female Playback Singer for Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar and the Best Music Direction (Songs) for Shailendra Barve.
 The director-producer Subhash Ghai, the founder of Mukta Arts, was not initially part of the film and was approached when the director duo faced a financial problems.
Fear (1965) is a 35 mm short Hindi film directed by legendary filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak.
 In 1964-65 Ritwik created this documentary for the acting department of Pune Film Institute.
 Mainly the students of Pune Film Institute participated in this film.
 Director Subhash Ghai, and actor Asrani then students of that institute acted in this film.
Nanette of the Wilds is a 1916 American drama silent film directed by Joseph Kaufman and written by Willard Mack.
 The film stars Pauline Frederick, Willard Mack, Macey Harlam, Charles Brandt, Frank Joyner and Daniel Pennell.
 The film was released on November 26, 1916, by Paramount Pictures.
Subhash Ghai (born 24 January 1945) is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter, known for his works predominantly in Hindi cinema.
 His most notable works include "Kalicharan" (1976), "Karz" (1980), "Hero" (1983), "Meri Jung" (1985), "Karma" (1986), "Ram Lakhan" (1989), "Saudagar" (1991), "Khalnayak" (1993), "Pardes" (1997), "Taal" (1999), and Black & White (2008).
 In 1982, He started Mukta Arts Private Limited which, in 2000, became a public company, with Subhash Ghai as its executive chairman.
 In 2006, he received the National Film Award, for producing the social problem film "Iqbal", in the same year he founded the Whistling Woods International film and media institution in Mumbai.
 In 2015, He received the IIFA Award for outstanding contribution to Indian Cinema.
Kisna: The Warrior Poet is an Indian Hindi film written, edited, produced and directed by Subhash Ghai and starring Vivek Oberoi (who plays the title role), Antonia Bernath, and Isha Sharvani.
 The musical film is set in the British India of the tumultuous 1940s when Indian nationalists fighting for the country's independence rose up as one, urging the British Raj to leave.
 It is a love story about two people who are torn between Karma (the noble deed) and Dharma (the duty).
 The film has two veteran composers, A. R. Rahman and Ismail Darbar; the lyrics were written by Javed Akhtar.
 This film also marks Amrish Puri's final performance.
 The film, however, did not perform well at the box office.
 The film was premiered in the Marché du Film section of the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
Whistling Woods International is a film, communication and media arts institute located in Mumbai, India.
 The institute is promoted by Indian Filmmaker Subhash Ghai, Mukta Arts Limited and Film City Mumbai.
 In July 2014, "The Hollywood Reporter" named Whistling Woods on its list of "The best film schools in the world".
 The school was first ranked among the top 10 film schools by The Hollywood Reporter in 2010.
Yuvvraaj is a 2008 Indian film directed and produced by Subhash Ghai.
 The film stars Anil Kapoor, Salman Khan, Zayed Khan and Katrina Kaif in the lead roles and is inspired from Hollywood film "Rain Man" (1988).
 "Yuvvraaj" is a musical story of a fragmented family of three brothers who try to con each other to inherit their father's wealth.
 According to the director, the film is about the arrogance and overconfidence of contemporary youth.
 The film was released on 28 November 2008.
 Although the film received mixed reviews from critics and bombed at the box-office, its script was added to the library of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 2009.
