Arsenic and Old Lace is a 1944 American dark comedy film directed by Frank Capra, starring Cary Grant, and based on Joseph Kesselring's play "Arsenic and Old Lace".
 The script adaptation was by Julius J. Epstein and Philip G. Epstein.
 Capra actually filmed the movie in 1941 because of star Cary Grant's availability, but it was not released until 1944, after the original stage version had finished its run on Broadway.
 The lead role of Mortimer Brewster was originally intended for Bob Hope, but he could not be released from his contract with Paramount.
 Capra had also approached Jack Benny and Ronald Reagan before learning that Grant would accept the role.
 Boris Karloff played Jonathan Brewster, who "looks like Karloff," on the Broadway stage, but he was unable to do the movie as well because he was still appearing in the play during filming, and Raymond Massey took his place.
 The film's supporting cast also features Priscilla Lane, Jack Carson, Edward Everett Horton and Peter Lorre.
The Mummy is a 1932 American pre-Code horror film directed by Karl Freund.
 The screenplay by John L. Balderston was from a story by Nina Wilcox Putnam and Richard Schayer.
 Released by Universal Studios, the film stars Boris Karloff, Zita Johann, David Manners, Edward Van Sloan and Arthur Byron.
 The film is about an ancient Egyptian mummy named Imhotep who is discovered by a team of archeologists and inadvertently brought back to life through a magic scroll.
 Disguised as a modern Egyptian, the mummy searches for his lost love, whom he believes has been reincarnated into a modern girl.
Bride of Frankenstein (advertised as The Bride of Frankenstein) is a 1935 American science-fiction horror film, the first sequel to Universal Pictures' 1931 hit "Frankenstein".
 It is considered one of the few sequels to a great film that is even better than the original film on which it is based.
 As with the first film, "Bride of Frankenstein" was directed by James Whale and stars Boris Karloff as The Monster.
 The sequel features Elsa Lanchester in the dual role of Mary Shelley and the Monster's mate at the end of the film.
 Colin Clive reprises his role as Henry Frankenstein, and Ernest Thesiger plays the role of Doctor Septimus Pretorius.
Fear Chamber, also released as The Torture Zone, is a 1968 film directed by Juan Ibáñez.
 It stars Boris Karloff and Julissa.
British Intelligence is a 1940 spy film set in World War I.
 It was directed by Terry O. Morse and stars Boris Karloff and Margaret Lindsay.
 The film, also known as "Enemy Agent", was released in the United States in January 1940.
 The Warner Bros. B picture was based on a 1918 play "Three Faces East" written by Anthony Paul Kelly and produced on the stage by George M. Cohan.
 Two film adaptations of "Three Faces East" in 1926 and 1930 preceded "British Intelligence".
The Black Room is a 1935 mystery-horror film, directed by Roy William Neill.
 The movie stars Boris Karloff in a dual role as twin brothers (a doppelgänger motif).
 The film also features Marian Marsh and Robert (Tex) Allen.
 The film was released in Great Britain as The Black Room Mystery.
 The striking cinematography was done by Allen G. Siegler.
Cauldron of Blood (also known as Blind Man's Buff) is a 1971 horror film filmed in Spain and directed by Edward Mann.
 It stars Boris Karloff and Viveca Lindfors.
 The original Spanish release title was "El Coleccionista de cadáveres" ("The Corpse Collector").
Mad Monster Party (on-screen title Mad Monster Party?)
 is a 1967 American stop-motion animated musical comedy film produced by Rankin/Bass Productions for Embassy Pictures.
 The film stars Boris Karloff, Allen Swift, Gale Garnett, and Phyllis Diller.
 Although less well-known than Rankin/Bass' holiday specials, it has become a cult film.
This is the filmography of Boris Karloff.
 Born as William Henry Pratt, he joined a touring company and adopted the stage name Boris Karloff.
 During these early stages of his career he was mostly left in obscurity.
 By 1919, Karloff found regular work as an extra at Universal Studios.
 Karloff's first significant hit film was in Howard Hawks's "The Criminal Code" (1931).
 While shooting "Graft", director James Whale convinced Karloff to star as a character in one of his most popular roles as Frankenstein's monster in "Frankenstein" which led to him becoming an overnight superstar.
 After "Frankenstein" and starring in several high-profile films such as "Bride of Frankenstein" and "Scarface", Karloff spent the remainder of the 1930s continuing to work at an incredible pace, but progressively more into less financially successful films.
 Karloff starred in a few acclaimed Val Lewton produced horror films of the 1940s and by the mid-1950s, he was a familiar presence on television hosting his own series including "Thriller" and "The Veil" and guest starring on such variety programs as "The Donald O'Connor Show".
Three Faces East is a 1930 American Pre-Code film directed by Roy Del Ruth, starring Constance Bennett and Erich von Stroheim.
 Produced by Daryl Zanuck and released by Warner Brothers it is based on a 1918 Broadway play about World War I spies, "Three Faces East".
 It was filmed as a silent in 1926.
 A later remake starred Boris Karloff and Margaret Lindsay in "British Intelligence".
