Aashiq Banaya Aapne is an Indian Hindi romantic film starring Emraan Hashmi, Sonu Sood and Tanushree Dutta.
 It was released on 2 September 2005.
 The film marked the debut of actress Tanushree Dutta and was shot under the banner Shagun Film Creations.
 Although it was critically panned and could only manage to do average business at the box office its music was widely appreciated.
 This is also debut movie of Reshammiya as singer.
 It is a remake of the American thriller film Tangled.
Laura Chiatti (born 15 July 1982, Castiglione del Lago, Italy) is an Italian actress and singer.
 She is the leading lady in two successful movies: "Ho voglia di te", alongside Riccardo Scamarcio, and Paolo Sorrentino's third movie "The Family Friend".
 The latter was entered into the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 In 2010 she voiced Princess Rapunzel in the Disney-animated feature film Tangled (Italian Version).
Tangled: The Video Game is an action-adventure game based on the 2010 film "Tangled" for the Wii and Nintendo DS, as well as for Microsoft Windows.
 The game was developed and published by Disney Interactive Studios, and was released in November 2010.
Tangled Lives is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company.
 The plot focuses on, John Hill, a bank cashier who decides to fakes his death after the manager finds his accounts are short.
 Before he can go through with the plan, a reporter interviews the wife, May, and decides to suppress the story because he has become infatuated with her.
 Five years pass, May and the reporter decide to marry, but John returns on the day of the wedding.
 Upon sneaking into the house, he sees their love and decides to disappear.
 As he attempts to leave he accidentally falls to his death and the reporter removes his body before he leads May to the altar.
 The film was described as a variant of "Enoch Arden" by one reviewer, but it differs in its execution.
 The cast and credits of the film are unknown, but a surviving film still shows the principal characters.
 The film was released on September 13, 1910, to positive reviews.
 The film is presumed lost.
Here Comes Trouble is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Lewis Seiler, starring Paul Kelly, Arline Judge and Mona Barrie.
 The film was released in February 21, 1936 by 20th Century Fox.
 Duke Donovan unknowingly becomes tangled up with jewel thieves when he is give a cigarette lighter containing some stolen ruby.
Duress is an American film in the psychological thriller genre.
 The film was initially screened at various film festivals in the United States, Poland and Russia and received favorable reviews.
 Mark Savlov of the Austin Chronicle wrote about Duress after seeing it at Fantastic Fest in Austin: "With a mind-blowing denouement that makes the last five minutes of The Sixth Sense feel like the last five minutes of Stranger Than Paradise and a pair of harrowing, human (and inhumanly calibrated) performances from Martin Donovan and Rouvas, Duress comes across like a slap to the psyche, a splash of ice-water across the soul."
 The film was released theatrically in Greece by Greek distributor Hollywood Entertainment.
Tangled is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 Loosely based on the German fairy tale "Rapunzel" in the collection of folk tales published by the Brothers Grimm, it is the 50th Disney animated feature film.
 Featuring the voices of Mandy Moore, Zachary Levi and Donna Murphy, the film tells the story of a lost, young princess with long magical hair who yearns to leave her secluded tower.
 Against her mother's wishes, she accepts the aid of an intruder to take her out into the world which she has never seen.
Tangled Ever After is a 2012 American computer animated short film directed by Nathan Greno and Byron Howard.
 It is a sequel to the 2010 Walt Disney Animation Studios film "Tangled".
 It premiered in theaters on January 13, 2012, before the 3D theatrical re-release of "Beauty and the Beast" and on Disney Channel followed by the premiere of "The Princess and the Frog" on March 23, 2012.
 The short was later, in Fall 2012, included as a bonus feature on the Diamond Edition of "Cinderella", and was also released three years later, on the "Walt Disney Animation Studios Short Films Collection" Blu-ray on August 18, 2015.
 The short is also available as a stand-alone download on iTunes.
Tangled: The Series is an American animated musical fantasy television series that premiered on Disney Channel on March 10, 2017 as a movie, and began airing regular episodes from March 24, 2017.
 It is based on Disney's 2010 computer-animated film "Tangled" directed by Nathan Greno and Byron Howard.
 It takes place between the original movie and the short "Tangled Ever After".
 A teaser trailer was released during the Disney Channel Original Movie, "The Swap".
 It began as a Disney Channel Original Movie, titled "", which premiered on March 10, 2017.
Tangled Skeins is a 1916 short silent film drama directed by E. Mason Hopper.
 It was released by the Mutual Film Company.
