BOAC Flight 712 (callsign "Speedbird 712") was a British Overseas Airways Corporation service operated by a Boeing 707-465 from London Heathrow Airport bound for Sydney via Zurich and Singapore.
 On Monday 8 April 1968, it suffered an engine failure on takeoff that quickly led to a major fire.
 The engine fell off the aircraft in flight.
 After the aircraft had made a successful emergency landing, confusion over checklists and distractions from the presence of a check captain contributed to the deaths of five of the 127 on board.
BOAC Flight 777-A was a scheduled British Overseas Airways Corporation civilian airline flight from Portela Airport in Lisbon, Portugal, to Whitchurch Airport near Bristol, England, on 1 June 1943.
 It was attacked "en route" by eight German Junkers Ju 88s and crashed into the Bay of Biscay, resulting in the deaths of all 17 on board.
 There were several notable passengers, amongst them actor Leslie Howard.
Silver Shadow is a cruise ship that entered service in 2000, and is operated by Silversea Cruises.
 The passenger capacity is 382 passengers, and there are 295 crew members.
 Her sister ship is the "Silver Whisper" , and both ships were built by the Mariotti Shipyard in Genoa, Italy.
 They both have a high space-to-passenger ratio at 74, providing more space per passenger than any other cruise ship.
 Space ratio is calculated by dividing a vessel's gross tonnage by its passenger capacity.
 The passenger-to-crew ratio is also high, at 1.31 to 1.
The "Freedom" class is a group of three cruise ships for Royal Caribbean International.
 The first ship of the class, "Freedom of the Seas" , was the largest passenger ship in the world, and the largest ever built in terms of passenger capacity and gross tonnage, when it was built in 2006.
 These two records were then shared by all three ships until the construction of the "Oasis of the Seas" was completed in November 2009.
Silver Whisper is a cruise ship that entered service in 2000, and is operated by Silversea Cruises.
 The passenger capacity is 382 passengers, and there are 295 crew members.
 Her sister ship is the "Silver Shadow"; both ships were built by the Mariotti Shipyard in Genoa, Italy.
 They both have a high space-to-passenger ratio—the ship's gross tonnage divided by the passenger capacity—at 74, providing more space per passenger than any other cruise ship.
 The passenger-to-crew ratio is also high, at 1.31 to 1.
Kenneth Stonehouse (10 May 1908 – 1 June 1943) was a British journalist who worked with the Reuters news agency in the United States and Europe.
 He was killed in the downing of BOAC Flight 777.
BOAC Flight 911 (Speedbird 911) was a round-the-world flight operated by British Overseas Airways Corporation that crashed as a result of an encounter with severe clear-air turbulence near Mount Fuji in Japan on 5 March 1966.
 The Boeing 707-436 on this flight was commanded by Captain Bernard Dobson, 45, from Dorset, an experienced 707 pilot who had been flying these aircraft since November 1960.
The Regina is a Swedish model of electric multiple unit passenger train, manufactured by Bombardier Transportation (formerly Adtranz).
 It is used by the national passenger railway SJ along with numerous regional and private operators, in variants designated X50, X51, X52, X53, X54 and X55, and in two-, three-, and four carriage models.
 The Regina is wider than other Swedish trains; at 3450 mm , it allows five-across seating, increasing passenger capacity by 25 %.
 The car body is built of stainless steel, with only bolsters and coupler pockets made of mild steel.
 The length is 54 m , 80 m and 105 m , and the capacity 165-294 seats.
 A variant of the Regina is used in China as the CRH1.
Ball-bearing Run was the nickname of a war-time flight "Stockholmsruten" between Stockholm and Leuchers, Scotland.
 The flight was run by the Royal Norwegian Air Force, but for political reasons operated as an ordinary BOAC Flight, aircraft having civilian registration and the Norwegian military crew wearing BOAC uniforms and British passports.
MV "Caledonian Isles" is one of the largest ships owned by Caledonian Maritime Assets Limited.
 She is operated by Caledonian MacBrayne (CalMac), which runs ferries to the Hebridean and Clyde Islands of Scotland.
 "Caledonian Isles" serves the Isle of Arran on the Ardrossan to Brodick route.
 As it is one of CalMac's busiest routes, "Caledonian Isles" has the largest passenger capacity in the fleet, and can carry up to 1000 passengers and 110 cars, with a crossing time of 55 minutes.
 She is used extensively by day-trippers to the Isle of Arran during the summer.
