The 2004 BA-CA-TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
 It was the 30th edition of the event known that year as the BA-CA-TennisTrophy, and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2004 ATP Tour.
 It took place at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna, Austria, from October 11 through October 17, 2004.
The Battle of Gully Hole Creek was a battle that took place on July 18, 1742 (new style) between Spanish and British forces in the Province of Georgia, resulting in a victory for the British.
 Part of a much larger conflict, known as the War of Jenkins' Ear, the battle was for control of St. Simons Island, the British fortifications of Fort Frederica and Fort St. Simons, and the strategic sea routes and inland waters they controlled.
 After the victory, the Province of Georgia established undisputed claim to the island, which is now part of the U.S. state of Georgia.
 The better-known Battle of Bloody Marsh, a skirmish also won by the British, took place on the island the same day.
Protests against the Vietnam War took place in the 1960s and 1970s.
 The protests were part of a movement in opposition to the Vietnam War and took place mainly in the United States.
The 2008 Bank Austria-TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
 It was the 34th edition of the event known that year as the Bank Austria-TennisTrophy, and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2008 ATP Tour.
 It took place at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna, Austria, from October 6 through October 12, 2008.
The 2005 BA-CA-TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
 It was the 31st edition of the event known that year as the BA-CA-TennisTrophy, and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2005 ATP Tour.
 It took place at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna, Austria, from October 10 through October 16, 2005.
Noor-ul-Haq ("The light of Truth") is a two-part Arabic book written by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, the founder of the Ahmadiyya Movement in 1894.
 It consists of both prose and poetry.
 The first part was written in refutation of a book written by Padre Imad Ud-Din Lahiz, a Christian preacher who had apostatised from Islam.
 The second part was written with regards to the solar and lunar eclipses which took place in 1894.
 With the publication of the book Ghulam Ahmad issued an advertisement with a reward of rs5,000 to anyone who could produce its like in terms of literary style.
The woman's club movement was a social movement that took place throughout the United States.
 While women's organizations had always been a part of United States history, especially in African-American communities, it wasn't until the Progressive era that it came to be considered a "movement."
 The first wave of the club movement during the Progressive era was started by white, middle-class women and a second phase by African-American women.
The 2006 BA-CA-TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
 It was the 32nd edition of the event known that year as the BA-CA-TennisTrophy, and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2006 ATP Tour.
 It took place at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna, Austria, from October 9 through October 15, 2006.
With the foundation of the Wiener Werkstätte in 1903, a new artistic style was born that came to be known as the Wiener-Werkstätte-Stil (literally, the Vienna Workshops Style).
 Beginning with the 14th Exhibition of the Vienna Sezession in 1902, the radical distinctiveness of certain Viennese artists began to emerge, setting a foundation for the widespread Modernist movement.
 Among the innovators was the Viennese architect Josef Hoffmann.
 His cubist sculpture created in 1902 marked a break into independence for many Viennese artists.
 His works from this period are especially remarkable when one considers that the term "cubism" only found its way into the art lexicon around 1907 to describe the work of Pablo Picasso.
The 2007 BA-CA-TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
 It was the 33rd edition of the event known that year as the BA-CA-TennisTrophy, and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2007 ATP Tour.
 It took place at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna, Austria, from October 7 through October 14, 2007.
