Rabindra Jayanti (রবীন্দ্র জয়ন্তী) is an annually celebrated cultural festival, prevalent among Bengalis around the world, in the remembrance of Rabindranath Tagore's birthday anniversary.
 It is celebrated in early May, on the 25th day of the Bengali month of Boishakh (২৫শে বৈশাখ), since Tagore was born on this day of the year 1268 (২৫শে বৈশাখ, ১২৬৮) of the Bengali calendar.
 Every year, numerous cultural programmes & events, such as : "Kabipranam" (কবিপ্রণাম) – the songs (Rabindra Sangeet), poetries, dances and dramas, written and composed by Tagore, are organised in this particular day, by various schools, colleges & universities of Bengal, and also celebrated by different groups abroad, as a tribute to Tagore and his works.
 Throughout the globe, Tagore's birth anniversary is largely celebrated at Santiniketan, Birbhum in West Bengal, chiefly in Visva-Bharati University, the institution founded by Tagore himself for the cultural, social and educational upliftment of the students as well as the society.
 Government of India Issued 5 Rupees coin in 2011 to mark the 150 Birth Anniversary in the honor of Rabindranath Tagore.
"Colour Blind" is a stage play by Indian playwright Manav Kaul and Kalki Koechlin.
 It was screened at the Sir Mutha Venkata Subba Rao Hall in Chennai, in August 2014.
 It starred Koechlin, Satyajit Sharma in dual roles.
 The play is based on the life of Indian poet Rabindranath Tagore.
 In an interview Kaul stated that the play is "an attempt to see beyond the majestic Gurudev (Rabindranath Tagore) and discover the man through his relationships."
Maanbhanjan is the name of the fifth episode of the TV series Stories by Rabindranath Tagore telecast on EPIC channel based on a short story written by Rabindranath Tagore.
 It deals with the marriage of a man who falls out of love with his wife and is enchanted by a stage actress.
Bhanusimha Thakurer Padabali (Bengali: ভানুসিংহ ঠাকুরের পদাবলী , "Bhanushingho Thakurer Padabali"; lit.
 "The Songs of Bhanushingho Thakur") is a collection of Vaishnava lyrics composed in Brajabuli by Rabindranath Tagore.
 It was published in 1884.
 These lyrics, which were earlier brought out in several issues of "Bharati" magazine, were first anthologized in 1884.
 Later, Tagore described composing these songs in his reminiscences "Jiban Smriti".
 Rabindranath Tagore wrote his first substantial poems titled Bhanusimha Thakurer Padabali in Brajabuli under the pseudonym Bhānusiṃha ("Sun Lion") at age sixteen.
Rajeshwari Datta was an Indian singer, considered one of the best-known exponents of the songs of Rabindranath Tagore: (Rabindrasangeet).
 She was amongst the few singers to earn appreciation from Rabindranath Tagore.
 She was among the panchakanya of Rabindrasangeet, a group of the earliest singers of Tagore songs from families directly connected to Tagore and including Sahana Devi, Amiya Tagore, and Malati Ghoshal.
Rabindranath Tagore Nagar or just R. T. Nagar is an area in Bangalore, India.
 It is situated in the northern part of the city.
 It is named after Rabindranath Tagore.
 It is part of the Bangalore North Lok Sabha Constituency and the Hebbal Assembly Constituency.
 R.T Nagar has two blocks, Block I and Block II.
 It has become very popular after the construction of the new airport at Devanahalli (Kempegowda International Airport)
Rabindranath Tagore Secondary School is a secondary school within the Mahatma Gandhi Institute family.
 Named after the famed Indian poet Rabindranath Tagore, it was founded in 2003 by Mr putty, now deceased, and since then, Mr. Mahend Gungapersad has been its rector.
 The school is found in Pamplemousses, a small village.
Rabindranath Tagore is a 1961 black-and-white short film directed by an Indian director Satyajit Ray on the life and works of noted Bengali author Rabindranath Tagore.
 Ray started working on the documentary in the beginning of 1958 and it was released during the birth centenary year of Rabindranath Tagore, who was born on 7 May 1861.
 Ray avoided the controversial aspects of Tagore's life in order to make it as an official portrait of the poet.
 Though Tagore was known as a poet, Ray did not use any of Tagore's poetry as he was not happy with the English translation and believed that "it would not make the right impression if recited" and people would not consider Tagore "a very great poet", based on those translations.
 Satyajit Ray has been reported to have said about the documentary "Rabindranath Tagore" in his biography "Satyajit Ray: The Inner Eye" by W. Andrew Robinson that, "Ten or twelve minutes of it are among the most moving and powerful things that I have produced".
Mujibar Rahman (Bengali: মুজিবর রহমান ; born 25 May 1973) is a notable documentary filmmaker and film producer based in Kolkata, West Bengal.
 His most notable work is a full-length documentary on Nobel Laureate Rabindranath Tagore entitled "Rabindranath Thakur – Jeevan O Samay" (Bengali version); "Images Unbound – The Life and Times of Rabindranath Tagore" (English version).
 His other works include biographical documentaries on Rokeya Sakhawat Hussain, Munshi Premchand and films "Sansodhan", "Bhangoner Pore".
The works of Rabindranath Tagore consist of poems, novels, short stories, dramas, paintings, drawings, and music that Bengali poet and Brahmo philosopher Rabindranath Tagore created over his lifetime.
