Salmonby is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated 5.5 mi north-east from Horncastle, 10 mi south from Louth and 8 mi north-west from Spilsby.
 Salmonby lies within the Lincolnshire Wolds, a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 Tetford lies to the north-east and Somersby to the south.
Greetham is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated 3 mi east from Horncastle, and 0.5 mi north from the junction of the A158 and B1195 roads.
 The village is in the civil parish of Greetham with Somersby .
 To the west is High Toynton, and further to the north, Fulletby.
The Blankney Hunt is an English foxhound pack, based in the village of Blankney, Lincolnshire, with hunting country of around 20 mi by 11 mi within Lincolnshire and Nottinghamshire.
Federal common law is a term of United States law used to describe common law that is developed by the federal courts, instead of by the courts of the various states.
 The United States is the only country to combine the creation of common law doctrines with a complete federalism, wherein the national supreme court has virtually no power to review state court decisions to determine whether the state courts have followed state laws.
 The High Court of Australia is sometimes said to have federal common law, but because all state and territorial courts are directly appealable to the High Court, this is indistinguishable from a general common law.
 In contrast, the United States Supreme Court has effectively barred the creation of federal common law in areas traditionally under the authority of state courts.
 Nevertheless, there are several areas where federal common law continues to govern.
Bag Enderby is a hamlet in the civil parish of Greetham with Somersby , in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It lies just north of the A158 road, 6 mi north-east from Horncastle and 4 mi north-west from Partney.
Somersby Grange is a Grade I listed Georgian country house in Somersby, Lincolnshire.
Somersby is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated 6 mi north-west from Spilsby and 7 mi east-north-east from Horncastle.
 The village lies in the civil parish of Greetham with Somersby (where the population is listed) in the Lincolnshire Wolds, a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty; the parish covers about 600 acre .
Greetham with Somersby is a civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated approximately 3 mi north-east from the market town of Horncastle.
Lincolnshire Gate is the name given to a corner in the road between Holywell and Pickworth to the south-west of Castle Bytham, in Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated approximately 5 mi north from Stamford.
 It describes a point where this small country road crosses the county border between Lincolnshire and Rutland, to pass between Newell Wood and Howitts Gorse.
 On either side are the remains of small quarries, worked from the Middle Ages till the early 20th century for building and road stone for nearby use.
Ashby Puerorum is a small village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 The village situated 6 mi north-west from Partney, 4 mi east from Horncastle, to the north of the A158 road, and to the west of Bag Enderby.
 It is in the civil parish of Greetham with Somersby.
