The National League is an association football league in England consisting of three divisions, the National League, National League North and National League South.
 It was called the Alliance Premier League from 1979 until 1986.
 Between 1986 and 2015, the league was known as the Football Conference.
 As part of a sponsorship deal with car leasing company Vanarama, the league is known as the Vanarama National League.
Jack Christopher Truelove (born 27 December 1995) is an English football player who most recently played for National League North side Hednesford Town on loan from Oldham Athletic.
 He is currently registered to play for National League North side Curzon Ashton.
Spennymoor Town Football Club is an English football club based in Spennymoor, England and are currently playing in the National League North, the sixth tier of the English football league system.
 The club began playing in the Northern League in 1931–32 as Evenwood Town, reaching the 1st round of the FA Cup in the 1956–57 season.
 In 2005, the club merged with Spennymoor United, who earlier that year folded and collectively changed their name to Spennymoor Town.
Curzon Ashton Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in the market town of Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, England, that competes in the National League North, the sixth-highest division overall in the English football league system, and are members of the Manchester County Football Association.
 Nicknamed "the Nash", the club was founded in 1963 and moved to its current stadium, Tameside Stadium, in 2005.
York City Football Club is a professional association football club based in the city of York, North Yorkshire, England.
 The team compete in the National League North, the sixth tier of league football in England, as of the 2017–18 season.
The National League North, formerly Conference North (currently named the Vanarama National League North for sponsorship reasons), is a division of the National League in England, taking its place immediately below the top division National League.
 Along with the National League South, it is at Step 2 of the National League System and the sixth overall tier of the English football league system.
 It consists of teams located in Northern England, Norfolk, the English Midlands and North Wales.
 From the start of the 2015–16 season, the league has been known as the National League North.
 As part of a sponsorship deal with Vanarama, the National League North is now known as the Vanarama National League North.
Southport Football Club is a semi-professional association football club based in Blowick, Southport, Merseyside.
 They are currently members of the National League North, the sixth tier of English football, .
 From 1921 to 1978 they were a Football League club.
 They play their home matches at Haig Avenue, which has a capacity of 6,008.
 They are known by their nickname "the Sandgrounders".
The National League South, formerly Conference South (billed as The Vanarama National League South for sponsorship reasons), is one of the second divisions of the National League in England, taking its place immediately below the top division National League.
 Along with National League North it is at the second level of the National League System, and at the sixth tier overall of the English football league system.
Gainsborough Trinity Football Club is a football club based in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, England.
 Established in 1873, the club became members of the Football League in 1893 and remained members of the Second Division until 1912, making Gainsborough one of the smallest towns in England to have had a Football League team.
 They are currently members of the National League North, the sixth tier of English football, and play at the Northolme.
Boston United Football Club is an English football club based in Boston, Lincolnshire.
 The club participates in the National League North, the sixth tier of English football.
 The club is known as 'the Pilgrims' in reference to the Pilgrim Fathers, who left England and sailed to North America and founded Boston, Massachusetts.
 The club's crest, the pilgrim fathers' ship 'The Mayflower', is also a reference to them.
 The club's traditional colours are amber and black.
 Boston's neighbours include Lincoln City, Scunthorpe United and Grimsby Town.
 The club is one of only 12 in the country to run a Centre of Excellence, provides a Study Support Centre and is also the basis of the 'Boston United Football in the Community Scheme'.
