Susanne Pollatschek (born February 7, 1977) is a Scottish-born Glaswegian actress, who voiced Olivia Flaversham in the 1986 Disney animated film "The Great Mouse Detective" when she was eight years old.
Toy Story 2 is a 1999 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures.
 Directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Lee Unkrich and Ash Brannon, it is the sequel to 1995's "Toy Story".
 In the film, Woody is stolen by a toy collector, prompting Buzz Lightyear and his friends to vow to rescue him, but Woody is then tempted by the idea of immortality in a museum.
 Many of the original characters and voices from "Toy Story" return for this sequel, and several new characters—including Jessie (voiced by Joan Cusack), Barbie (voiced by Jodi Benson), Stinky Pete (voiced by Kelsey Grammer) and Mrs. Potato Head (voiced by Estelle Harris)—are introduced.
Chaste Susanne (German:Die keusche Susanne) is a 1926 German silent comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Lilian Harvey, Willy Fritsch and Ruth Weyher.
 It is based on the 1910 operetta "Die keusche Susanne" composed by Jean Gilbert with a libretto by Georg Okonkowski.
 In Britain it was released under the alternative title The Girl in the Taxi in reference to "The Girl in the Taxi" in the English version of the operetta.
 The film's art direction is by Jacek Rotmil.
Shrek 2 is a 2004 American computer-animated fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Andrew Adamson, Kelly Asbury and Conrad Vernon.
 It is the sequel to 2001's "Shrek", with Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and Cameron Diaz reprising their respective voice roles of Shrek, Donkey, and Fiona from the first film, joined by Antonio Banderas, Julie Andrews, John Cleese, Rupert Everett, and Jennifer Saunders.
 Sometime after the first film, Shrek, Donkey and Fiona go to visit Fiona's parents (voiced by Andrews and Cleese), while Shrek and Donkey discover that a greedy Fairy God Mother (voiced by Saunders) is plotting to destroy Shrek and Fiona's marriage so Fiona can marry her son, Prince Charming (voiced by Everett).
 Shrek and Donkey team up with a swashing cat named Puss in Boots (voiced by Banderas) to stop her.
The Night Manager is a British television serial directed by Susanne Bier and starring Tom Hiddleston, Hugh Laurie, Olivia Colman, David Harewood, Tom Hollander, and Elizabeth Debicki.
 It is based on the 1993 novel of the same name by John le Carré and adapted by David Farr to the present day.
 The six-part series began broadcasting on BBC One on 21 February 2016.
 In the United States, it began on 19 April 2016 on AMC.
 IMG sold the series internationally to over 180 countries.
 A second series has been commissioned by the BBC and AMC.
All Dogs Go to Heaven is a 1989 animated musical comedy-drama film directed and produced by Don Bluth, and released by United Artists and Goldcrest Films.
 It tells the story of Charlie B. Barkin (voiced by Burt Reynolds), a German Shepherd that is murdered by his former friend, Carface (voiced by Vic Tayback, in his final film role), but withdraws from his place in Heaven to return to Earth, where his best friend, Itchy Itchiford (voiced by Dom DeLuise) still lives, and he teams up with a young orphan girl named Anne-Marie (voiced by Judith Barsi, in her final film role), who teaches them an important lesson about kindness, friendship and love.
My Niece Susanne (German: Meine Nichte Susanne) is a 1950 West German musical comedy film directed by  Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring  Hilde Krahl, Inge Meysel and Harald Paulsen.
 It is set in Paris at the beginning of the twentieth century.
A Boy and His Dog is a 1975 American science fiction comedy-drama thriller film produced, written (with Alvy Moore), and directed by L. Q. Jones, starring Don Johnson, Susanne Benton, Alvy Moore, and Jason Robards.
 The film was distributed in the United States by LQ/JAF Productions and in the United Kingdom by Anglo-EMI Film Distributors.
 The film's script is based on the 1969 cycle of narratives by fantasy author Harlan Ellison titled "A Boy and His Dog".
Brothers is a 2009 American psychological war drama film and a remake of Susanne Bier's Danish film "Brødre" (2004), which takes place in Afghanistan and Denmark.
 The film stars Tobey Maguire, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Natalie Portman, and is directed by Jim Sheridan.
 Both films take inspiration from Homer's epic poem, the "Odyssey".
 The film received a mixed to positive response and grossed $43 million.
 Tobey Maguire received particular praise for his performance and received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama for his performance.
The One and Only (Danish: "Den Eneste Ene" ) is a 1999 Danish romantic comedy film directed by Susanne Bier.
 The film starred Sidse Babett Knudsen, Niels Olsen, Rafael Edholm, and Paprika Steen in story about two unfaithful married couples faced with becoming first-time parents.
 The film was considered to mark a modern transition in Danish romantic comedies, and became the third biggest box-office success of the 1990s in Denmark.
 The film earned both the Robert Award and Bodil Award as the Best Film of 1999.
