Bhau Panchabhai(1 March 1944 - 21Jan 2016 @ 5.30am) is a Marathi poet, writer, and Dalit activist.
 Panchbhai is best known for his first poetry collection "Hunkaar Vadaalnche (हुंकार वादळांचे)" for which he was awarded by Government of Maharashtra for best poetry collection that year(1989).
 His poetry is considered as a prototype of Ambedkarite poetry and is translated in various languages including English.
 He lives at Nagpur and works as a lawyer.
Yolande Cornelia "Nikki" Giovanni, Jr. (born June 7, 1943) is an American poet, writer, commentator, activist, and educator.
 One of the world's most well-known African-American poets, her work includes poetry anthologies, poetry recordings, and nonfiction essays, and covers topics ranging from race and social issues to children's literature.
 She has won numerous awards, including the Langston Hughes Medal, the NAACP Image Award.
 She has been nominated for a Grammy Award, for her album "The Nikki Giovanni Poetry Collection".
 Additionally, she has recently been named as one of Oprah Winfrey’s 25 "Living Legends" (29).
Soma Mei Sheng Frazier is a biracial American author living in Oakland, California.
 With a new chapbook forthcoming from Nomadic Press in March 2016, her debut fiction collection, "Collateral Damage: A Triptych", earned praise from Daniel Handler (Lemony Snicket), Nikki Giovanni, Antonya Nelson, Sarah Shun-lien Bynum, Molly Giles and others and won the 2013 RopeWalk Press Editor's Fiction Chapbook Contest.
 Frazier’s work has also been singled out by Robert Olen Butler, who read her short fiction chapbook; Jim Shepard, Frederick Barthelme and others.
 She has been recognized by established publications including Zoetrope, ZYZZYVA and Glimmer Train - for which, after earning first place in a contest, she wrote this brief article on literary craft - as well as the Mississippi Review, where her first published story appeared in the 2009 MR Prize issue.
 She is a two-time Pushcart Prize nominee, and one of her award-winning short fiction pieces, which first appeared in Carve Magazine, was named a Notable Story by the storySouth Million Writers Award authors.
Kevin MacNeil is a Scottish novelist, poet and playwright born and raised in the Outer Hebrides.
 His latest novel, "The Brilliant & Forever", was published by Polygon in March 2016.
 MacNeil's previous novels, "A Method Actor's Guide to Jekyll and Hyde" (Polygon, 2011) and best-selling debut, "The Stornoway Way" (Hamish Hamilton, 2005), were both published to widespread critical acclaim.
 MacNeil’s first book, the poetry collection "Love and Zen in the Outer Hebrides" (Canongate, 1998), won the Tivoli Europa Giovani International Poetry Prize for best poetry collection published in Europe by a writer under 35.
 He is also the author of "Be Wise Be Otherwise" (Canongate) and the plays "Sweetness", an adaptation of a novel by Swedish author Torgny Lindgren, and "The Callanish Stoned" (Theatre Hebrides), and his short stories have been published extensively.
 MacNeil's anthology of poetry from the Scottish islands, "These Islands, We Sing", was published by Polygon in June 2011.
Pamela Sneed is an American poet, performance artist, actress, activist, and teacher.
 She is the author of two collections of poetry, "Imagine Being More Afraid of Freedom Than Slavery" (Henry Holt, 1998), and "KONG And Other Works" (Vintage Entity Press, 2009) and the chapbook, "Lincoln" (2014).
 Her poems and monologues have also been anthologized in "The 100 Best African American Poems"," edited by Nikki Giovanni.
 Recent publications include work in "Best Monologues from Best American Short Plays" and "Future Perfect."
A University at Buffalo Libraries Special Collection, The Poetry Collection at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York, is devoted to 20th century poetry in English and English translation.
 Founded by Charles David Abbott, the University at Buffalo's first Director of Libraries, The Poetry Collection contains over 100,000 volumes by every major and many minor poet writing in English.
 Recordings of poets reading from their own works, poets' notebooks, letters and manuscripts, and a wide variety of literary magazines are also included in this collection.
 Approximately 5,000 little magazine titles, 1,200 current subscriptions, and a number of portraits, sculptures, and photographs round out the collection.
 Also included in the Poetry Collection is the James Joyce Archive, the world's largest collection of James Joyce manuscripts, books and artifacts.
Sandy Shreve is a Canadian poet, editor and visual artist living on Pender Island, British Columbia.
 Shreve has written, edited and/or co-edited eight books and two chapbooks.
 Her latest poetry collection is "Waiting for the Albatross".
 Recent work has appeared in her chapbooks, "Cedar Cottage Suite" and "Level Crossing".
 Her work is widely anthologized and has won or been shortlisted for several awards, including the Earle Birney Prize (for "Elles", published in "Prism Magazine", 2000) and the Milton Acorn Peoples Poetry Award (for "Belonging", Sono Nis Press, 1997).
 She co-edited, with Kate Braid, the anthology "In Fine Form – The Canadian Book of Form Poetry" (2005) and "In Fine Form, 2nd edition - A Contemporary Look and Canadian Form Poetry"(2016); edited "Working For A Living", a collection of poems and stories by women about their work (Room of One’s Own, 1988) and founded BC’s "Poetry in Transit" program, which has been displaying BC poetry in SkyTrain cars and buses across the province since 1996.
Chesya Burke is an editor, educator and author of comic books and speculative fiction, most notably horror and dark fantasy.
 She has published over a hundred short stories, essays, and articles in magazines and anthologies such as "Clarkesworld", "Nightmare Magazine", and "Stories for Chip: A Tribute to Samuel R. Delany".
 Her short story collection "Let's Play White" was published in 2011 while her debut novel, "The Strange Crimes of Little Africa", was released in late 2015.
 Nikki Giovanni has compared Burke's fiction to that of Octavia Butler and Toni Morrison.
Tales of Heichū (Heichū monogatari) belongs to the genre of uta monogatari poem tales that emerged in Japanese literature from the mid 10th to the early 11th centuries.
 As early as the "Collection of Ten-Thousand Leaves" ("Manyōshū"), a poetry collection completed around 759, there appeared poems introduced by brief prose narrations.
 The imperial court began to come alive with poetry from around this time.
 People exchanged poetry with one another on topics as diverse as love and politics and religion.
 Towards the end of the 9th century it was common for individual poets to keep compilations of their own verse, sometimes explaining in prose the circumstances behind a poem's composition.
 The highest honor was to have ones poem selected for inclusion in the "Collection of Ancient and Modern Poetry" (Kokinshū), the first imperial poetry collection, which was completed around 905.
 By the middle of the 10th century the idea of a poem paired with a prose narration seems to have taken hold, and "Tales of Ise" (Ise monogatari), "Tales of Heichū", and "Tales of Yamato" (Yamato monogatari) seem to have emerged at about this same time.
 Also, the second imperial poetry collection, "Collection of Later Poetry" (Gosenshū), commissioned in 951 and compiled shortly thereafter, has many narrative qualities.
 The only extant manuscript of "Tales of Heichū" is a 61-page codex discovered in 1931 that seems to date from the Kamakura Period (1185–1333), some three hundred years after the work's probable date of composition.
The literature of Tennessee in the United States includes fiction, poetry, and nonfiction.
 Representative authors include Shelby Foote, Nikki Giovanni, Alex Haley, Mary Noailles Murfree, John Crowe Ransom, and Allen Tate.
