"The Race" is a song by American rapper Wiz Khalifa from his third studio album "Rolling Papers".
 The song was written by Khalifa and produced by Eric Dan and Jeremy "Big Jerm" Kulousek for ID Labs.
 "The Race" was released as the third single from "Rolling Papers" on March 8, 2011, and debuted and peaked at number 66 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Rolling Papers is the third studio album by American rapper Wiz Khalifa.
 It was released on March 29, 2011, by Atlantic Records and Rostrum Records.
 It is his first album under a major label after his independent releases, "Show and Prove" and "Deal or No Deal".
 The album features guest appearances from Too $hort, Curren$y and Chevy Woods.
 "Rolling Papers" was supported by five singles: "Black and Yellow", "Roll Up", "On My Level", "No Sleep" and "The Race".
 The album has been noted by music writers for having a pop rap style.
A joint ( ), or spliff, is a rolled marijuana cigarette.
 Unlike commercial tobacco cigarettes, joints are ordinarily hand-rolled by the user with rolling papers, though in some cases they are machine-rolled.
 Rolling papers are the most common rolling medium in industrialized countries; however, brown paper, cigarettes with the tobacco removed, beedies with the tobacco removed, receipts, and newspaper can also be used, particularly in developing countries.
 Modern papers are manufactured in a range of sizes from a wide variety of materials including rice, hemp, and flax, and are also available in liquorice and other flavoured varieties.
Zig-Zag is a brand of rolling papers that originated in France.
 It is marketed in the USA by National Tobacco, in Europe by Republic Technologies, and in Japan by Tsuge Pipes.
 The Zig-Zag brand produces primarily hand-rolled tobacco related products such as cigarette rolling papers, cigarette tubes and rolling accessories.
Roll-your-own cigarettes (also called RYO, MYO, rollies, roll-ups, burns, hand-rolled cigarettes, or simply rolls) refer to cigarettes made from loose tobacco and rolling paper.
 Roll-your-own products are sold in pouches or as tins of tobacco, sometimes including the rolling papers or cigarette tubes. Loose filters are available for purchase and can be added to the rolled cigarettes.
 Some people use a machine to assist them and some people use pre-rolled cones or cigarette tubes.
Smoking is a brand of rolling papers, manufactured by Miquel y Costas in Barcelona, Spain.
 According to their website, they were one of the earliest factories to produce rolling papers.
 Smoking offers different color packages to differentiate the weights or materials of the paper inside.
Rolling papers (aka Blanks) are small sheets, rolls, or leaves of paper, invented by the Spanish , which are sold for rolling cigarettes either by hand or with a rolling machine.
 When rolling a cigarette, one fills the rolling paper with tobacco, cannabis, cloves, damiana, hash or other herbs.
 The paper for holding the tobacco blend may vary in porosity to allow ventilation of the burning ember or contain materials that control the burning rate of the cigarette and stability of the produced ash.
Amber Leaf is a brand of rolling tobacco.
 It is a product of the Gallagher Group division of Japan Tobacco.
 As of May 2016, Amber Leaf tobacco is available in 30g boxes which include papers and filters, 30g pouches with rolling papers and 50g pouches with rolling papers.
.
 In 2011 and in recent years promotional Amber Leaf tobacco tins were sold with the tobacco in some stores in the UK and Ireland.
Big Bambú is the second album by Cheech & Chong, released in 1972.
 The name "Big Bambu" is a reference to a type of rolling paper made by the Bambu company; the original LP sleeve was designed by Ernie Cefalu and manufactured to look like a giant rolling paper package, and originally contained a giant rolling paper with the record.
 Vinyl copies with the rolling paper have become hard to find.
 The original CD packaging has been slightly reformatted, and does not contain rolling papers.
Rolling paper is a specialty paper used for making cigarettes (commercially manufactured filter cigarettes and individually made roll-your-own cigarettes).
 Rolling papers are packs of several cigarette-size sheets, often folded inside a cardboard wrapper.
