Roopam Sharma (born 24 May 1995) is an Indian Scientist and innovator creating Social impact through disruptive technological inventions and solves perennial problems.
 Roopam is best known for his work on Manovue, the technology which enables the visually impaired to read printed text and is meant to replace the braille language.
 His research interests include Wearable Computing, Mobile Application Development, Human Centered Design, Computer Vision, AI and Cognitive Science.
 Roopam was recently awarded the Gifted Citizen Prize 2016 and has been listed as one of the top 8 Innovators Under 35 by the MIT Technology Review for the year 2016 in India.
 Roopam believes that people with passion can change the world for the better and is always inspiring others to bring a positive change and think differently.
Stefanus Du Toit is a South African inventor and entrepreneur and a co-founder of Waterloo-based RapidMind, a company specializing in the development of software that automatically parallelizes serial code.
 The technology behind Rapidmind was developed by Du Toit during his graduate research at the University of Waterloo.
 As of 2008, RapidMind has raised $10M in venture capital financing.
 RapidMind was acquired by Intel in 2009.
 In 2008 Du Toit was honored by being included in the MIT Technology Review's TR35 list.
Ayanna MacCalla Howard (born January 24, 1972) is an American roboticist and the Motorola Foundation Professor in the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology.
 To date, her accomplishments have been documented in more than a dozen featured articles.
 In 2003, she was named to the MIT Technology Review TR100 as one of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
 She was featured in TIME magazine’s "Rise of the Machines" article in 2004.
 In 2008, Howard received worldwide attention for her SnoMote robots, designed to study the impact of global warming on the Antarctic ice shelves.
Spencer Reiss (born 1952 in New York) is a former Newsweek foreign correspondent in Asia, Africa, Middle East and Latin America, now a contributing editor at Wired magazine.
He began working for Wired as a senior editor in San Francisco in 1996.
 He is responsible for covering energy issues, new media, commercial space travel, and the impact technology is having on humans.
 He is also a frequent contributor to "The Wall Street Journal" and "MIT Technology Review".
 Reiss also directed the program for the annual Monaco Media Forum held in Monte Carlo.
Hany Eitouni is an American innovator and entrepreneur, and a cofounder of Berkeley, CA based Seeo, a company commercializing a novel battery technology utilizing solid polymers.
 In 2010 he was recognized by being listed in the MIT Technology Review's TR35 list.
MIT Technology Review is a magazine published by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 It was founded in 1899 as The Technology Review, and was re-launched without "The" in its name on April 23, 1998 under then publisher R. Bruce Journey.
 In September 2005, it underwent another transition under its then editor-in-chief and publisher, Jason Pontin, to a form resembling the historical magazine.
Joe Pompei is an American inventor and the founder of Holosonics, a company that has delivered techniques for precisely projecting sound using millimeter-wavelength sound waves using technology developed originally as part of his Ph.D. thesis at MIT.
 In 2003 he was recognized as a "young innovator" by being included in the MIT Technology Review's TR100 list.
Doris Ying Tsao is an American systems neuroscientist and professor at the California Institute of Technology.
 She is recognized for pioneering the use of fMRI with single-unit electrophysiological recordings and for discovering the macaque face patch system for face perception.
 She is a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator.
 She was named in MIT Technology Review's TR35 list in 2007.
 She described the code that primate's IT cortex uses to process faces.
David Berry, M.D., PhD., (born February 10, 1978) is an American inventor, entrepreneur, venture capitalist and CEO.
 Berry has co-founded and helped build over 20 companies in life sciences, technology, and sustainability.
 He was selected as a 2014 Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum.
 In 2007, he was named as the Innovator of the Year by the MIT Technology Review TR35 list of one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
 He speaks globally on topics such as innovation and entrepreneurship.
The MIT Enterprise Forum (MITEF) is a non-profit organization affiliated with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) through MIT Technology Review.
 The organization has headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
 MITEF has chapters in major cities in the U.S. and worldwide.
