The Bagaya Monastery (Burmese: ဘားဂရာ ကျောင်း ), located in Inwa, Mandalay Region, Burma (Myanmar) is a Buddhist monastery built on the southwest of Inwa Palace.
 This magnificent monastery is also known as Maha Waiyan Bontha Bagaya Monastery.
 During King Hsinbyushin's reign (1763–1776), Maha Thiri Zeya Thinkhaya, town officer of Magwe built the monastery in the Bagaya monastic establishment and dedicated to Shin Dhammabhinanda.
 It is one of the famous tourists attractions in Burma.
Po Lin Monastery is a Buddhist monastery, located on Ngong Ping Plateau, on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
The Enchey Monastery was established in 1909 above Gangtok, the capital city of Sikkim in the Northeastern Indian state.
 It belongs to the Nyingma order of Vajrayana Buddhism.
 The monastery built around the then small hamlet of Gangtok became a religious centre.
 The location was blessed by Lama Drupthob Karpo, a renowned exponent of tantric (adept) art in Buddhism with flying powers; initially a small Gompa was established by him after he flew from Maenam Hill in South Sikkim to this site.
 The literal meaning of Enchey Monastery is the "Solitary Monastery".
 Its sacredness is attributed to the belief that Khangchendzonga and Yabdean – the protecting deities – reside in this monastery.
 As, according to a legend, Guru Padmasambhava had subdued the spirits of the Khangchendzonga, Yabdean and Mahākāla here.
 In view of this legend, the religious significance of Enchey Monastery is deeply ingrained in every household in Gangtok.
 It is also believed that these powerful deities always fulfil the wishes of the devotees.
The Ngong Ping 360 is a gondola lift on Lantau Island in Hong Kong.
 Intended to improve tourism to the area, the aerial lift was previously known as Tung Chung Cable Car Project before acquiring the Ngong Ping 360 brand in April 2005.
 It consists of the Ngong Ping Cable Car, formerly known as the Ngong Ping 360 Skyrail, and the Ngong Ping Village, a retail and entertainment centre adjacent to the cable car's upper station.
 Ngong Ping 360 connects Tung Chung, on the north coast of Lantau and itself linked to central Hong Kong by the Tung Chung Line, with the Ngong Ping area in the hills above.
 This is home to the Po Lin Monastery and the Tian Tan Buddha, both already significant tourist attractions in their own right.
 Before Ngong Ping 360's opening, the only access was via a mountain road and bus service.
Tian Tan Buddha, also known as the Big Buddha, is a large bronze statue of Buddha Shakyamuni, completed in 1993, and located at Ngong Ping, Lantau Island, in Hong Kong.
 The statue is sited near Po Lin Monastery and symbolises the harmonious relationship between man and nature, people and faith.
 It is a major centre of Buddhism in Hong Kong, and is also a popular tourist attraction.
Nei Lak Shan (Chinese: 彌勒山) is the sixth highest hill in Hong Kong.
 With a height of 751 m on Lantau Island, it is situated immediately north of Ngong Ping where the Buddhist Po Lin Monastery is located.
 "Nei Lak", or correctly "Mei Lak" is a Cantonese language translation of Maitreya, the future Buddha, in Buddhism.
The Monastery of Great Lavra (Greek: Μονή Μεγίστης Λαύρας ) is the first monastery built on Mount Athos.
 It is located on the southeastern foot of the Mount at an elevation of 160 metres.
 The founding of the monastery in AD 963 by Athanasius the Athonite marks the beginning of the organized monastic life at Mount Athos.
 At the location of the monastery, there was one of the ancient cities of the Athos peninsula, perhaps Akrothooi, from which the sarcophagi of the monastery that are in the oil storage house come.
 The history of the monastery is the most complete compared to the history of the other monasteries, because its historical archives were preserved almost intact.
 It is possible that the study of these archives may contribute to the completion of the knowledge of the history of other monasteries, whose archives were partially or completely lost.
Lenggu Monastery, also transliterated as Rengo Monastery, is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery at the foot of Ge'nyen Mountain in Sichuan, China.
 The monastery was formerly known as Kambo Dansar and was the first monastery built by the first Kamapa Duisung Chenpa in 1164.
 The 7th Kamapa Quzha Qiangcuo enlarged it.
 At its peak, over 2000 monks studied at the monastery.
 Today, Lengu is administered as part of Zhamla Township in Litang County, Garze Prefecture, Sichuan.
Buddhism is a major religion in Hong Kong and has been greatly influential in the traditional culture of its populace.
 Among the most prominent Buddhist temples in the city there are the Chi Lin Nunnery in Diamond Hill, built in the Tang Dynasty's architectural style; the Po Lin Monastery on Lantau Island, famous for the outdoor bronze statue, Tian Tan Buddha, which attracts a large number of visitors during the weekends and holidays.
Ngong Ping () is a highland in the western part of Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
 It hosts Po Lin Monastery and Tian Tan Buddha amidst the hills which is about 34 m tall.
 There are several hills nearby which are also an attraction to tourists.
 It is now the terminus of the cable car ride Ngong Ping 360 which travels to Tung Chung.
 New facilities and tourist attractions have opened including the Ngong Ping Village, Walking with the Buddha, the Monkey's Tale Theatre and Ngong Ping Tea House.
 A youth hostel is located near the monastery.
 The second highest peak of Hong Kong, Lantau Peak, is at its southeast.
