Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
Patrick Pierre Roger Baudry (born March 6, 1946 in Cameroon), is a retired Lieutenant Colonel in the French Air Force and a former CNES astronaut.
 In 1985, he became the second French citizen in space, after Jean-Loup Chrétien, when he flew aboard NASA's Space Shuttle mission STS-51-G.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
Soyuz T-6 was a manned spaceflight to Earth orbit to the Salyut 7 space station in 1982.
 Along with two Soviet cosmonauts, the crew included a Frenchman, Jean-Loup Chrétien.
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
Jean-Loup Puget (born 7 March 1947) is a French astrophysicist.
 His current research interests lie in the Cosmic Microwave Background.
 Jean-Loup Puget and his collaborators reported the first identification of the Cosmic infrared background using COBE data.
 He is also, along with Alain Léger, credited with the origin of the hypothesis that the series of infrared lines observed in numerous astrophysical objects are caused by emission from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
 He is currently principal investigator of the HFI module of the Planck space mission.
Samantha Cristoforetti (] ; born 26 April 1977 in Milan) is an Italian European Space Agency astronaut, Italian Air Force pilot and engineer.
 She holds the record for the longest uninterrupted spaceflight of a European astronaut (199 days, 16 hours), and until June 2017 held the record for the longest single space flight by a woman until this was broken by Peggy Whitson.
 She is also the first Italian woman in space.
 Samantha Cristoforetti is also known as the first person who brewed an espresso coffee in space.
ISSpresso is the first espresso coffee machine designed for use in space, produced for the International Space Station by Argotec and Lavazza in a public-private partnership with the Italian Space Agency (ASI).
 The first espresso coffee was drunk in space by astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti on 3 May 2015.
 ISSpresso is one of nine experiments selected by the Italian Space Agency for the Futura mission.
Jean-Loup Jacques Marie Chrétien (born 20 August 1938) is a French retired "Général de Brigade" (brigadier general) in the "Armée de l'Air" (French air force), and a former CNES spationaut.
 He flew on two Franco-Soviet space missions and a NASA Space Shuttle mission.
 Chrétien was the first Frenchman and the first western European in space.
Soyuz TM-7 was the seventh manned spacecraft to dock with the Soviet Space Station Mir.
 Its launch in November 1988 represented the start of the fourth long duration expedition, Mir EO-4, as it carried two more Soviet cosmonauts, Sergei Krikalyov and Alexander Volkov, to the station.
 They would join the third crew member of EO-4, cosmonaut/physician Valeri Polyakov, who was on Mir for the second half of EO-3.
 Also launched by Soyuz TM-7 was French astronaut Jean-Loup Chrétien, who would take part in the 24-day French mission known as Mir Aragatz.
 The spacecraft Soyuz TM-7 remained docked to Mir for the duration of EO-4.
 At the end of EO-4 in April 1989, due to delays in the launch schedule, Mir was left unmanned, and all three EO-4 crew members were transported back to Earth.
