First and Last Things is a 1908 work of philosophy by H. G. Wells setting forth his beliefs in four "books" entitled "Metaphysics," "Of Belief," "Of General Conduct," and "Some Personal Things."
 Parts of the book were published in the "Independent Magazine" in July and August 1908.
 Wells revised the book extensively in 1917, in response to his religious conversion, but later published a further revision in 1929 that restored much of the book to its earlier form.
 Its main intellectual influences are Darwinism and certain German thinkers Wells had read, such as August Weismann.
 The pragmatism of William James, who had become a friend of Wells, was also an influence.
Charles North (born June 9, 1941) is an American poet, essayist and teacher.
 Described by the poet James Schuyler as “the most stimulating poet of his generation,” he has received two National Endowment for the Arts Creative Writing Fellowships, an Individual Artist’s Grant from the Foundation for Contemporary Arts, four Fund for Poetry awards, and a Poets Foundation award.
Pierre Martory (December 1, 1920 – October 5, 1998) was a French poet whose influence on New York School poets was quiet but profound.
 His work was admired by Frank O'Hara, James Schuyler, Harry Mathews, and others, and translated extensively by John Ashbery, with whom he shared his life in Paris for nearly a decade.
 His work has appeared in many books in both England and the United States, as well as in "The New Yorker" and "Poetry".
 Martory’s personal “charm,” the poet Ann Lauterbach once said, “devolved back to the original meaning of ‘spell.
’” However, as Ashbery has noted, “Both the humor and the sadness in his poems are always rendered with an unemphatic clarity that is certainly Mozartian.”
Pule Lechesa (born 1976) is a black South African essayist, literary critic, poet, and publisher.
 His published books include "Four Free State Authors" (2005), "The Evolution of Free State Black Literature" (2006), and, "Omoseye Bolaji"..."on Awards, Authors, Literature" (2007).
 Pule Lechesa is the founder and main editor of Phoenix Press Publishers (in Ladybrand), which continues to publish sundry fiction, poetry, short stories, and criticism.
 His latest published books are "Essays on Free State Black Literature" (2012), "Bolaji in his Pomp" (2013), and "A penny" "for Lechesa's Thoughts" (2016).
Darragh Park (July 24, 1939 – April 17, 2009) was an American Artist, and the literary executor of the estate of Pulitzer Prize–winning poet James Schuyler.
 Perhaps best known for his book cover illustrations, Park painted landscapes as well as cityscapes in the style of Fairfield Porter.
 He was based in Bridgehampton, NY and his works were on exhibit at the Parrish Art Museum.
 and at the Guild Hall in East Hampton.
Dr Michael Thomas Walter Arnheim (also known as "Doctor Mike"; born 24 March 1944) is a practising London Barrister, Sometime Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge, and author.
 He has written eighteen published books to date, including most recently "The God Book" and "Two Models of Government".
 Previously published books include "The Handbook of Human Rights Law", "Principles of the Common Law", "The U.S. Constitution for Dummies" and "The Problem with Human Rights Law".
The Story of a Great Schoolmaster is a 1924 biography of Frederick William Sanderson (1857-1922) by H. G. Wells.
 It is the only biography Wells wrote.
 Sanderson was a personal friend, having met Wells in 1914 when his sons George Philip ('Gip'), born in 1901, and Frank Richard, born in 1903, became pupils at Oundle School, of which Sanderson was headmaster from 1892 to 1922.
 After Sanderson died while giving a lecture at University College London at which he was introduced by Wells, the famous author agreed to help produce a biography to raise money for the school.
 But in December 1922, after disagreements emerged with Sanderson's widow about his approach to the subject, Wells withdrew from the official biography (published in 1923 as "Sanderson of Oundle"; Wells wrote much of the text but the volume was published without listing an author) and published his own work separately.
Jack Shoemaker (born 1946) is an American editor and publisher, and current editorial director and vice-president at Counterpoint Press in Berkeley, California.
 Shoemaker has edited and published books under several imprints, including North Point, Pantheon Books, Shoemaker & Hoard, and Counterpoint.
 Shoemaker has published books by Guy Davenport, Romulus Linney, Gary Snyder, Wendell Berry, Evan S. Connell, MFK Fisher, James Salter, Gina Berriault, Reynolds Price, W.S. Merwin, Michael Palmer, Donald Hall, Anne Lamott, Kay Boyle, Gary Nabhan, Jane Vandenburgh, Carole Maso, and Robert Aitken.
 Shoemaker supports author-driven literary publishing ventures and mindfulness and political awareness in publishing.
 Shoemaker was one of the first American publisher of Thich Nhat Hanh, and a major publisher of Wendell Berry.
Trevor Winkfield (born 1944) is a British-born artist and writer.
 Drawing upon his interest in both modernist literary movements and medieval architecture and pageantry, Winkfield has collaborated with many contemporary poets and writers, including John Ashbery, Harry Mathews, James Schuyler, and Ron Padgett.
Locus Solus was an American journal of experimental poetry and prose that published four issues in 1961 and 1962, one a double issue.
 The magazine was edited by the poets John Ashbery, Kenneth Koch, and James Schuyler, all of whom contributed to its four issues.
 The content was completely in English but the journal was published in France (in Lans-en-Vercors) by Harry Mathews.
