Open Biology is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by the Royal Society covering biology at the molecular and cellular levels.
 The first issue was published in September 2011 with an editorial about the launch of the journal.
 All papers are made freely available under an open access model immediately on publication.
 The editor-in-chief is David Glover (University of Cambridge).
The Journal of Neurodevelopmental Disorders is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal established in March 2009 and published by BioMed Central.
 The journal covers research on neurodevelopmental disorders including autism spectrum disorders, tuberous sclerosis, and specific language impairment.
 The editor-in-chief is Joseph Piven (University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill).
 The journal was originally published in print form as well as online, but the former was ceased in 2010 with the publication of the 4th issue of volume 2.
 In 2012, the journal became open access.
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.450.
Earth, Planets and Space is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media and Terra Scientific Publishing Company on behalf of five Japanese learned societies: the Seismological Society of Japan, Society of Geomagnetism and Earth, Planetary and Space Sciences, Volcanological Society of Japan, Geodetic Society of Japan, and the Japanese Society for Planetary Sciences.
 It was established in 1949 as the "Journal of Geomagnetism and Geoelectricity" and obtained its current name in 1998 when it absorbed the "Journal of Physics of the Earth" (established 1952).
 The editor-in-chief is Yasuo Ogawa (Tokyo Institute of Technology).
Open Geosciences is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all aspects of the Earth sciences.
 It is published by De Gruyter Open and the editor-in-chief is Piotr Jankowski (San Diego State University).
 The journal was established in 2009 as the "Central European Journal of Geosciences", co-published by Versita and Springer Science+Business Media.
 In 2014, the journal was moved to the De Gruyter Open imprint.
 It obtained its current name in 2015 when it became open access.
REVSTAT is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that publishes papers related to statistics.
 It is published in English by the Instituto Nacional de Estatística, the national statistical office of Portugal.
 The journal was established in 2003, when it replaced the journal "Revista de Estatística".
 It publishes two issues each year, both in print (subscription) and online as open access.
Herpetological Conservation and Biology is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal established in 2006 that covers the conservation, management, and natural history of reptiles and amphibians.
 It publishes up to three regular issues per year as well as occasional monographs.
The Journal of Cheminformatics is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that covers cheminformatics and molecular modelling.
 It was established in 2009 with David Wild (Indiana University) and Christoph Steinbeck (EMBL-EBI) as founding editors-in-chief, and was originally published by Chemistry Central.
 At the end of 2015, the Chemistry Central brand was retired and its titles, including "Journal of Cheminformatics", were merged with the SpringerOpen portfolio of open access journals.
Open Life Sciences is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all areas of the life sciences.
 It was established in 2006 as the "Central European Journal of Biology" and co-published by Versita and Springer Science+Business Media.
 It obtained its current title in 2014 when it was moved completely to the De Gruyter Open imprint, obtaining its current title and switching to full open access.
 The editor-in-chief is Mariusz Ratajczak (University of Louisville).
Caribbean Herpetology is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal established in 2010.
 It covers Caribbean herpetology, including evolution, ecology, ethology, biogeography, systematics, and natural history.
 The editor-in-chief is S. Blair Hedges (Temple University).
 The journal is abstracted and indexed in Biosis Previews and The Zoological Record.
Milivoje Kostic (also, Milivoje M. Kostic; in Serbian Cyrillic: Миливоје Костић; born 20 March 1952 in Bioska, Užice municipality, Serbia), is a Serbian-American thermodynamicist and professor emeritus of mechanical engineering at Northern Illinois University, Licensed Professional Engineer (PE) in Illinois, and Editor-in-Chief of the Thermodynamics section of the journal "Entropy".
 He is an expert in energy fundamentals and applications, including nanotechnology, with emphasis on efficiency and energy conservation, and environment and sustainability.
