The Dominators, collectively known as the Dominion, are a fictional alien race appearing in comics and other media by DC Comics.
 Coming from the outer cosmos of the DC Universe, they are highly technologically advanced, and live in a rigid hierarchical society, in which one's caste is determined by the size of a red circle on one's forehead.
 They are master geneticists who can manipulate the metagene to enhance members of their own caste.
The Rowan (1990) is a science fiction novel by American writer Anne McCaffrey, the first book in "The Tower and the Hive" series (also known as "The Rowan" series).
 It is set in the universe of the "Pegasus" trilogy, against a backdrop of a technologically advanced society in which telepathy, psychokinesis and other psychic Talents have become scientifically accepted and researched.
 Telekinetic and telepathic powers are used to communicate and teleport spaceships through space, thus avoiding the light barrier and allowing for the colonization of other planetary systems.
The Kree, briefly known as the Ruul, are a fictional scientifically and technologically advanced militaristic alien race appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 They are native to the planet Hala in the Large Magellanic Cloud.
Nessus is a fictional character in Larry Niven's Known Space universe, a member of the technologically advanced alien race known to Humans as Pierson's Puppeteer, and amongst themselves as Citizens.
The Ancients (in their own tongue "Anquietas") are a fictional humanoid race in the "Stargate" franchise.
 They are called by this name in the Milky Way galaxy, and the Ancestors and Lanteans in the Pegasus galaxy.
 The Ancients are one of two groups of the Alterans; the other being the Ori, the main antagonists in the later seasons of "Stargate SG-1".
 In the "Stargate" universe, the Ancients are one of the most technologically advanced species known to have existed.
 The Ancients evolved tens of millions of years ago and reached advanced level of technology long before humans evolved on Earth.
 They lived in the Milky Way and Pegasus galaxies prior to their ascension.
 The Ancients might be best known as the ones who constructed the Stargates; big ring-shaped gates allowing wormhole travel.
 The Stargates are commonly used by Earth humans, Goa'ulds and Wraiths as seen in the "Stargate" TV-series to travel and explore Milky Way and Pegasus.
In the fictional universe of "Stargate", a number of technologically advanced races and societies have produced a variety of highly advanced weapons, tools, and spacecraft.
 By liaising with these races and learning from them, Earth too has begun to create its own futuristic technology.
 All such technology is SCI-classified top secret, and is used solely by the SGC and its SG teams, or in Atlantis.
Worldwar: In the Balance is an alternate history and science fiction novel by Harry Turtledove.
 It is the first novel of the Worldwar tetralogy, as well as the first installment in the extended Worldwar series that includes the Colonization trilogy and the novel "Homeward Bound".
 The plot begins in late 1941, while the Earth is torn apart by World War II.
 An alien fleet arrive to conquer the planet, forcing the warring nations to make uneasy alliances against the invaders.
 Meanwhile, the aliens, who refer to themselves as the Race, discover that their enemy is far fiercer and more technologically advanced than expected.
Acuson Corporation was a sonography equipment company specializing in high quality medical ultrasound equipment.
 Founded in 1979 by Sam Maslak, Rob Younge and Amin Hanafy with the first product (The Acuson 128) shipped in 1983, Acuson pioneered many aspects related to medical ultrasound, most significantly the first fully computerized ultrasound system.
 In 1996 Acuson introduced the Sequoia 512 and Sequoia C256 systems (the latter for cardiac imaging).
 The principal architect of the Sequoia was Nelson Wright, who was Acuson's Vice President of Advanced Development.
 Wright also led the engineering team that developed the Sequoia.
 The Sequoia quickly became the biggest selling ultrasound system (by dollar volume) and it was manufactured in various versions until December 2008.
Death's Head is a military science fiction series written by David Gunn (author).
 The series follows the antihero Sven Tveskoeg, an ex-sergeant of The Legion.
 The Series starts out with Sven trapped in a cage in a remote fort in the middle of nowhere awaiting to be lashed to death as punishment for assaulting an officer.
 After miraculously surviving the punishment, the fort is attacked by an indigenous alien race called the Ferox.
 Everyone in the fort is killed except Sven, and the leader takes a liking to him.
 Sven then goes on to live with the primitive race of killing beasts.
 Several months later the Ferox are attacked by an elite human military force that is under the control of the empire of OctoV called Death's Head.
 They take Sven captive, taking him to their ship.
 There he is recruited and learns that he's special in the fact that he is not entirely human, which explains his remarkable healing abilities and fighting prowess.
 Sven goes through several tests, including surviving a stint on a frozen prison planet, and successfully assassinating a senator.
 After being fully admitted into Death's Head, Sven then goes on to fight the Uplifted, sworn enemies of OctoV's empire.
 Behind the two civilizations is the United Free, a race so technologically advanced they are seen as gods.
 Sven becomes the leader of a small group of soldiers which he names The Aux, short for Auxiliaries.
 Sven, his fully AI side arm, SIG-37, and The Aux go on several missions to fight the Uplifted's elite fighting force the Silver Fist.
Crysis is a first-person shooter video game series developed by German developer Crytek and published by Electronic Arts.
 The series revolves around a group of military protagonists with "nanosuits," technologically advanced suits of armor that allow them to gain enhanced physical strength, speed, defense, and cloaking abilities.
 The protagonists face off against hostile North Korean soldiers, heavily armed mercenaries, and a race of technologically advanced aliens known as the Ceph, who arrived on Earth millions of years ago for unclear reasons, and have recently been awakened.
