The Sunlight on the Garden is a 24-line poem by Louis MacNeice.
 It was written in late 1936 and was entitled "Song" at its first appearance in print, in The Listener magazine, January 1937.
 It was first published in book form as the third poem in MacNeice's poetry collection The Earth Compels (1938).
 The poem explores themes of time and loss, along with anxiety about the darkening political situation in Europe following the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War.
 It is one of the best known and most anthologized of MacNeice's short poems.
 George Macbeth describes it as "one of MacNeice's saddest and most beautiful lyrics".
Cora Hilda Blanche Wilding {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (15 November 1888 – 8 October 1982) was a New Zealand physiotherapist and artist, best remembered for her advocacy of outdoor activities and children’s health camps in the 1930s.
 She was instrumental in the founding of The Sunlight League in 1930, for which she held fundraising garden parties at "Fownhope", the Wilding family home in St Martins, Christchurch, and also the Youth Hostel Association of New Zealand in 1932.
 She had trained as a physiotherapist in Dunedin during World War I, and been introduced to youth hostels during her extensive European travels in the 1920s when she painted and studied outdoor activities.
Shade gardens are gardens planted and grown in areas with little or no direct sunlight.
 Shade gardens may occur naturally or by design under trees, as well as on the side of buildings or fences.
 This style of garden presents certain challenges, in part because only certain plants are able to grow in shady conditions and otherwise there is direct competition for sunlight.
 Very few edible plants grow well in shady conditions, so shade gardens are usually ornamental gardens, though growing flowers may also be difficult in shade.
 Light shade, also known as "dappled sunlight", may support growing herbs or some leaf vegetables, but in addition to lack of light, trees and other large plants which create shade gardens may negatively impact soil fertility.
National Botanic Garden of Israel (official name: The Botanical Garden for the Native Plants of Israel in memory of Montague Lamport, in Hebrew: הגן הבוטני לצמחי ארץ ישראל ע"ש מונטג'יו למפורט) is a botanical garden located in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem – Mount Scopus campus.
 it is the first botanical garden in the Land of Israel and records all the wild plants of Israel and the Middle East.
 The garden is located in the northern part of the Hebrew University campus on Mount Scopus in Jerusalem.
 around the garden are many burial caves from the Second Temple period.
 in the western part of the garden is a small amphitheater.
 The garden is also a Ecological nature reserve and National park it contains: Natural Teaching Center, a Library that is largest botanical library in Israel, and a meteorological station.
 on the western side of the garden is Trail walk named after the Israeli author Avigdor Hameiri.
 in the center of the Trail, next to the main entrance is a stone tablet inscribed with his famous song poem "On the summit of Mount Scopus".
Kathleen Cambor is an American author.
 Her novels include "The Book of Mercy", which received the Janet Heidinger Kafka Prize and was a finalist for the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction.
 She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2001 for her second novel, "In Sunlight, In a Beautiful Garden".
 The novel was selected as a New York Times Notable Book of 2001.
Paul Allen Smith is a television host, garden designer, conservationist, and lifestyle expert.
 He is the host of three television programs.
 "P. Allen Smith's Garden Home" and "P. Allen Smith's Garden to Table" are distributed to public television by American Public Television.
 His 30-minute show "Garden Style" is in syndication.
 Smith is one of America's most recognized gardening and design experts, providing ideas and guidance through multiple media venues.
 He is the author of the Garden Home series of books published by Clarkson Potter/Random House, including "Bringing the Garden Indoors: Container, Crafts and Bouquets for Every Room" and the cookbook, "Seasonal Recipes from the Garden", inspired by the abundance of food from his farm and a family of cooks.
 In 2014, Smith's television shows were successful at the Taste Awards with Smith returning to Little Rock with four Taste Awards.
 In 2015, Smith was inducted into the Taste Hall of Fame for his significant impact in the world of taste and broadcast entertainment.
 "Garden Home" won a 2017 Taste Award for “Best Green or Organic Program.”
Melodorum siamense (Taxonomic synonym "Rauwenhoffia siamensis"; called in local Thai name as nom-maew) is a plant in the family Annonaceae.
 "Melodorum siamense" is a small tree, related to the ylang-ylang.
 It is successfully grown in containers and is easy in care, blooming from spring till fall.
 Despite their plainness, the flowers of Melodorum distribute their fine perfume to great distances.
 It is for this that Asian gardeners include it with pleasure among their favorite garden plants.
 This plant can tolerate some shade; however, the lack of sunlight adversely affects flowering.
The Miracle-Gro AeroGarden is a smart countertop indoor garden made by AeroGrow International.
 The AeroGarden features proprietary technology which helps consumers grow fresh herbs, vegetables, salad greens and more indoors, year-round, using hydroponics.
 The seeds come in special seed pods, or consumers can use their own seeds with a custom kit.
 The plants receive artificial sunlight with built in, full spectrum CFL or LED grow lights that turn on and off automatically.
 Most AeroGardens have an adjustable light hood that can be used to grow taller plants, such as tomatoes.
 The AeroGarden comes in several different designs, colors and sizes, accommodating three, six, seven or nine seed pods at one time.
 All of the AeroGardens make use of liquid nutrient that is mixed into the water reservoir.
 Reminders tell the user when to add water and the patented liquid nutrients.
 Using hydroponics, roots soak in nutrient-rich water and no soil is needed.
 AeroGarden comes with plastic domes to put over seed pods to encourage germination, however, these can cause excessive humidity and cause mold if kept on too long.
Jenni Fagan is a Scottish novelist best known for "The Panopticon" published in 2012.
 In 2013, Fagan was named in the Granta list of Best Young British Novelists, and it was announced that The Panopticon is to be made into a film by Sixteen Films.
 Fagan's second fiction novel — "The Sunlight Pilgrims" was published in the UK & US in 2016.
 Fagan was selected as Sunday Herald Culture Awards Scottish Author of the Year 2016.
 "The Sunlight Pilgrims" is currently on the long list for the Saltire Prize.
 "The Dead Queen of Bohemia" (New & Collected Poems) was also published in 2016.
 Fagan is currently translated into eight languages.
 Both of her novels made the front cover of The New York Times Book Review.
 Fagan has received international critical acclaim.
 Fagan's work is widely supported within the literary community around the world.
Alseuosmia macrophylla, the toropapa or karapapa, is a plant species in the family Alseuosmiaceae.
 This is a small evergreen shrub which is endogenous to New Zealand, along with two closely related species.
 An example occurrence of "A. macrophylla" is in the North Island habitat of the Hamilton Ecological District, where "Blechnum discolor" and "Blechnum filiforme" are understory elements with "Nothofagus truncata" and rimu overstory.
 This plant is known for the pleasant scent of its flowers, and its family name translates as "perfumed grove".
 The small red berries of toropapa are edible and sweet tasting.
 As a forest understory plant, toropapa will not tolerate full sunlight or frost, and needs its roots to stay moist and cool, however so long as these conditions are met it is reasonably hardy, and is sometimes cultivated as a garden plant.
