Clear Lake Site is an archaeological site located in Sand Ridge State Park 6.5 mi from Manito, Illinois.
 The site was occupied for the majority of the period from 500 B.C. to 1500 A.D.; cultures which have occupied the site include the Early Woodland, Havana Hopewell, and Mississippian.
 The site consists of a village area and two burial mounds. University of Chicago archaeologists conducted the first excavations at the site in 1932.
 Significant further excavations were conducted by George and Ethel Schoenbeck of the Peoria Academy of Science; the couple recovered 24,000 pottery shards from the site which represent every pottery type found in Central Illinois.
 The Illinois State Museum, which received all artifacts recovered by the Schoenbecks, conducted its own excavations at the site in the 1950s.
The Highbank Park Works (also known as the "Orange Township Works") is a complex of earthworks and a potential archaeological site located within Highbanks Metro Park in the central part of the U.S. state of Ohio.
 The park is in southernmost Delaware County on the east bank of the Olentangy River.
 The site is a semi-elliptical embankment, consisting of four sections, each 3 ft high, and bordered by a shallow ditch.
 Two ravines and a 100 foot high shale bluff surround the earthworks.
 It is thought to have been constructed sometime between 800 and 1300 CE by members of the Cole culture.
 The earthworks have seen little disturbance since the first white settlement of the region; agriculture has never been practiced on their vicinity, and no significant excavation has ever been conducted at the site.
 One small excavation and field survey, conducted in 1951, yielded a few pieces of pottery and flakes of flint from a small midden.
 Another excavation was conducted in 2011 that focused mainly on site usage and constructing a timeline for the mounds.
The Snow Hill Site is an archeological site located near Port Deposit, Cecil County, Maryland.
 It was the location of a free African American community, which was established in this area by the mid-19th century.
 It includes the remains of several structures, a foundation and wall or floorboard, two "in situ" cast iron stoves, and concentrations of refuse.
 Only the portion of the site located on the Bainbridge Naval Training Center property has been tested.
 The only remaining standing structure from the community is a two-story, two-family duplex built in the late 19th century, which is located nearby.
The Wilson Mounds and Village Site is a prehistoric archaeological site located in and around the Marshall Ferry Cemetery in Rising Sun, White County, Illinois.
 The site includes twelve burial mounds and a village site.
 The site was inhabited by Hopewell peoples from approximately 400 B.C. to 400 A.D. Excavations at the site began in the 1940s; the first formal investigations were conducted the following decade by the Illinois State Museum and the University of Chicago.
 The site was part of a trade network which spanned much of the eastern United States, as resources from as far away as North Carolina and the Lake Superior region have been found at the site.
 Two different skeletal types have been recovered from the site, indicating the presence of multiple cultures at the village.
 The site also includes a prehistoric cemetery in addition to burial mounds, suggesting that burials were organized based on social status.
The KYANG Site, also known as the Kentucky Air National Guard Site or 15JF267, is a prehistoric archaeological site located on the grounds of the Louisville Air National Guard Base in Louisville, Kentucky.
 The site was occupied from the Early Archaic period to the Late Woodland period.
 The site includes two zones, both of which contain extensive midden deposits.
 Burials were also conducted at the site, and human remains have been recovered from both zones.
 The site was discovered in 1972 during construction work at the base; formal excavations at the site began the following year.
The Mitchell Archaeological Site is a pre-Columbian archaeological site located at the western end of University Drive in Mitchell, Illinois.
 The site includes a platform mound and the remains of a village; while it once included several other mounds, they have been destroyed by modern activity.
 Mississippian peoples inhabited the site c. 1150-1200.
 The site is affiliated with the Cahokia settlement system and was the largest site in the system except for Cahokia itself.
 However, the majority of the site was destroyed by the construction of Interstate 270; known information about the site mainly comes from salvage excavations conducted before the highway was built.
Arlington Archeological Site is a historic archaeological site located near Capeville, Northampton County, Virginia.
 It is located east of the Custis Tombs.
 The site includes archaeological features ranging from Accomack Plantation, the first English settlement of the Eastern Shore in 1619, to probable tenant or slave quarter features dating to the second half of the 18th century.
 The site also includes the foundations of Arlington mansion, established about 1670 and demolished about 1720.
 Arlington plantation was the ancestral home of the Custis family of Virginia.
 Archaeological investigations and excavations of the site were conducted in 1987-1988 and 1994.
Operation Buster–Jangle was a series of seven (six atmospheric, one cratering) nuclear weapons tests conducted by the United States in late 1951 at the Nevada Test Site.
 "Buster-Jangle" was the first joint test program between the DOD (Operation "Buster") and Los Alamos National Laboratories (Operation "Jangle").
 As part of Operation "Buster", 6,500 troops were involved in the Operation Desert Rock I, II, and III exercises in conjunction with the tests.
 The last two tests, Operation "Jangle", evaluated the cratering effects of low-yield nuclear devices.
 This series preceded "Operation Tumbler-Snapper" and followed "Operation Greenhouse".
The Collins Archeological District is a pre-Columbian archaeological site located in Kennekuk County Park in Vermilion County, Illinois.
 The site dates from the Late Woodland period and was used roughly from 900 to 1100 A.D.
 The core of the site includes two mounds and a ceremonial area.
 The inhabitants of the region used the site for ceremonial purposes, and the ceremonies conducted at the site were influenced by Mississippian traditions.
 The site provides evidence of the spread of Mississippian culture from Cahokia to other peoples and regions.
The King Archaeological Site (9FL5) is a protohistoric Native American archaeological site located on the Coosa River in Floyd County, Georgia.
 It is one of 5 large contemporaneous village sites located in a 20 km section of the river.
 The site was a satellite village associated with the Coosa chiefdom centered on the Little Egypt Site located upstream.
