Music Choice/Dance Channel is a 24-hour non-stop electronic dance music channel that is offered by Music Choice and is available on cable systems and select satellite operators in the United States.
 Although the music is on audio, on the TV screen it will give information on the artists who performed them as well as tidbits on the Dance music community.
 The Music Choice/Dance Channel features DJs as artists such as Paul Oakenfold, Paul Van Dyk, Chris Cox, Jason Nevins, Sander Kleinenberg, Deep Dish, and much more.
 In 2009, it was merged with the Electronica channel, then on December 10, 2013, it was renamed to Dance/EDM.
 EDM is short for Electronic Dance Music.
Scotch Hausen is an album from Chiptune/Breakcore artist DJ Scotch Egg.
 some of his tracks on this album are remakes of Johann Sebastian Bach, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Terry Riley, Philip Glass and Moondog, and features a less abrasive sound than the first album.
 The song 'Scotch Ruins' is an earlier tune that was untitled and Shige used to play live, and it has been remastered for this album.
スコッチエッグのハードコア・チップチューン大百科 (trans.
 "Encyclopedia of Hardcore Chiptune") is a Japanese compilation album from DJ Scotch Egg.
 the song collects songs from the first two albums ("KFC Core" and "Scotch Hausen") and also includes some additional interludes, two videos and remixes.
Power noise (also known as rhythmic noise, noize and occasionally as distorted beat music) is a form of Industrial music and a fusion genre between noise music and various styles of electronic dance music.
 It should not be confused with "power electronics", which is not influenced by electronic dance music and is closer to harsh noise.
 Its origins are predominantly European.
Electronic dance music (also known as EDM, dance music, club music, or simply dance) is a broad range of percussive electronic music genres made largely for nightclubs, raves, and festivals.
 EDM is generally produced for playback by disc jockeys (DJs) who create seamless selections of tracks, called a mix, by segueing from one recording to another.
 EDM producers also perform their music live in a concert or festival setting in what is sometimes called a live PA.
 In Europe, EDM is more commonly called 'dance music' or simply 'dance'.
A rave (from the verb: "to rave") is a large dance party at a nightclub, dance club or festival featuring performances by DJs, who select and mix a seamless flow of loud electronic dance music songs and tracks.
 DJs at rave events play electronic dance music on vinyl, CDs and digital audio from a wide range of genres, including acid house, acid trance, hardcore, breakbeat, UK garage, and free tekno.
 Occasionally live performers playing synthesizer or other electronic instruments will play electronic music.
 The music is amplified with a large, powerful sound reinforcement system, typically with huge subwoofers to produce a deep bass sound.
 The music is often accompanied by laser light shows, projected coloured images, visual effects and fog machines.
 The word "rave" was first used in the late 1980s to describe the culture that started at many Midlands Universities including: Wolverhampton, Coventry and De Montfort University movement.
Buzz – once called "Washington's best electronic dance night" by The Washington Post - was one of Washington, D.C.'s longest running dance parties.
 It was co-founded by DJ/promoter Scott Henry and DJ/promoter and DC music store (Music Now) owner Lieven DeGeyndt at the East Side Club and then relaunched in October 1995 at the now demolished Nation, formerly the Capital Ballroom.
 At its peak it was one of the largest dance parties on the East Coast and voted "Best Party" four years in a row by then electronic dance music culture magazine URB (magazine).
 Buzz attracted the world's top electronic dance music artists to Washington, DC.
MFS (Masterminded For Success) was an independent electronic dance music label from Berlin, Germany lasting from 1990–2008 (although it has officially never actually folded, it has just stopped releasing music).
 The label was founded by ""Deutsche Schallplatten Berlin"" the former GDR record company, which made it the very first independent dance music label of East Germany, until the DSB closed down in 1993.
 After which, Mark Reeder and Torsten Jurk took MFS and carried on, to launch the careers, and release music, by some of electronic dance music's seminal artists.
Hardcore techno (often abbreviated to hardcore) is a subgenre of electronic dance music that originated in the Netherlands from the emergent raves/gabber in the 1990s.
 Its subgenres are usually distinguished from other electronic dance music genres by faster tempos (160 to 200 BPM or more), the intensity of the kicks and the synthesized bass (in some subgenres), the rhythm and the atmosphere of the themes (sometimes violent), the usage of saturation and experimentation close to that of industrial dance music.
Electric Daisy Carnival, commonly known as EDC, is one of the biggest electronic dance music festivals in the world , with its flagship held annually in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Popular electronic dance producers and DJs such as Armin van Buuren, Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, Yellow Claw, and Tiësto perform at the many locations held yearly for EDC.
 The festival incorporates various styles of dance music including trap, bounce, trance, techno, bass, house, hard-style, and more.
 Since its inception It has since spread to various venues across the United States (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Nevada, New Jersey, New York and Texas) as well as abroad, including Mexico, Puerto Rico, the UK, Brazil, Japan & India.
 The largest electronic music festival outside of Europe, EDC was dubbed the "American Ibiza" in 2010.
 In 2009, EDC became a two-day event, and in 2011 a three-day event in Las Vegas that drew 230,000 people.
 In 2015 it drew more than 400,000 over three days (134,000 per day).
