The Red Deer Vipers are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.
 They are members of the North Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League (HJHL).
 They played their home games at Red Deer Arena until 2016 when it was torn down to be rebuilt.
 They will play their home games at Red Deer's Collicutt Centre on an interim basis.
 In 2018-19, the Vipers will return to downtown Red Deer to play in the new Servus Arena (fmrly Red Deer Arena).
The Denver Dynamite were an arena football team based in Denver, Colorado.
 The team began play in 1987 as a charter member of the Arena Football League.
 The team was brought in by businessman Sidney Shlenker and the team achieved success instantly, winning the first ever ArenaBowl under AFL Hall of Fame coach Tim Marcum.
 After sitting out the 1988 season, the Dynamite were purchased by investment banker Gary Graham for $125,000.
 Graham then hired former NFL and AFL coach, Babe Parilli to lead the team.
 Under Parilli, the Dynamite would return to the playoffs every season, but failed to return to the ArenaBowl.
 After the 1991 season, the franchise was sued by their public relations firm and filed for bankruptcy.
 They played their home games at McNichols Sports Arena.
 The team's logo was a bundle of dynamite sticks with a burning fuse.
The 2008–09 Canadian Major Indoor Soccer League (CMISL) season sees a different format than previous seasons.
 As the league has become affiliated with the Professional Arena Soccer League (PASL) in the United States, the Edmonton Drillers and Saskatoon Accelerators will play four soccer games and the Calgary United FC will play eight games against the PASL teams.
 Edmonton and Saskatoon will play two home games and two road games and Calgary will play four home games and four road games against PASL teams.
 In the CMISL portion of the schedule each team will play eight games.
 This will see Edmonton play six home games and two road games, Saskatoon play two home games and six road games and Calgary play six home games and two road games.
 As a result of the imbalanced schedule, the CMISL announced that all Calgary United FC games against PASL opponents will only be worth one point in the standings.
 The remainder of Calgary's schedule, as well as the entire Edmonton and Saskatoon schedules are worth two points in the standings.
The Cleveland Cavaliers, also known as the Cavs, are an American professional basketball team based in Cleveland, Ohio.
 The Cavs compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Central Division.
 The team began play as an expansion team in 1970, along with the Portland Trail Blazers and Buffalo Braves.
 Home games were first held at Cleveland Arena from 1970 to 1974, followed by the Richfield Coliseum from 1974 to 1994.
 Since 1994, the Cavs have played home games at Quicken Loans Arena in downtown Cleveland, which is shared with the Cleveland Gladiators of the Arena Football League and the Cleveland Monsters of the American Hockey League.
 Dan Gilbert has owned the team since March 2005.
The Miami Heat is an American professional basketball team based in Miami.
 They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The team joined the NBA in 1988 as an expansion team, and won the NBA championship in 2006, 2012 and 2013.
 The team played its home games at the Miami Arena until 2000, and have played its home games at the American Airlines Arena since then.
 The Heat is owned by Micky Arison.
 Its current staff consists of Pat Riley as team president and Erik Spoelstra as head coach.
The Arizona Coyotes are an American professional ice hockey team based in Glendale, Arizona.
 They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL).
 The team started out as a charter member of the World Hockey Association (WHA), and were named the Winnipeg Jets.
 The WHA then merged with the NHL in 1979, the Jets relocated to Phoenix in 1996, and were renamed the Phoenix Coyotes.
 Having first played at the America West Arena, the Coyotes have played their home games at the Jobing.com Arena, formerly named the Glendale Arena, since 2003.
 The Coyotes are owned by IceArizona, John Chayka is their general manager, and currently have a vacant captain spot.
The Lehigh Valley Steelhawks are a professional indoor football team based in Allentown, Pennsylvania and are members of the National Arena League (NAL).
 The Steelhawks began play as an expansion team in the Indoor Football League (IFL) in 2011.
 The Steelhawks moved to the Professional Indoor Football League (PIFL) in 2013, where they made their only championship game appearance to date, losing PIFL Cup III to the Nashville Venom.
 The team joined American Indoor Football for the 2016 season after the PIFL folded.
 The Steelhawks are the Lehigh Valley's second indoor football team, following the defunct Lehigh Valley Outlawz of the Continental Indoor Football League (2005–2008).
 Both teams played their home games at Stabler Arena.
 The owner of the Steelhawks is Glenn Clark.
 The Steelhawks play their home games at the PPL Center.
The Miami Heat is an American professional basketball team based in Miami.
 They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The team joined the NBA in 1988 as an expansion team with the Charlotte Hornets, and won its first NBA championship in 2006.
 The team played its home games at the Miami Arena until 2000, and have played its home games at the American Airlines Arena since then.
 The Heat is owned by Micky Arison.
The Smoothie King Center is a multi-purpose indoor arena in New Orleans, Louisiana.
 It is located in the city's Central Business District, adjacent to the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
 The arena opened in 1999 as New Orleans Arena and has been home to the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA) since 2002.
 The New Orleans VooDoo of the Arena Football League played their home games in the arena from 2004 until the team disbanded in 2008.
 The VooDoo resumed play at the arena in March 2011, until after the 2015 AFL season when the franchise folded.
The Summit County Rumble were a Continental Indoor Football League team located in Tallmadge, Ohio (near Akron) and that began play in 2007.
 The team played their home games at the Summit County Fairgrounds Arena Complex.
 The team was originally scheduled to play as the Toledo Rumble in the Toledo Sports Arena, but the city of Toledo, which is seeking a new arena, balked on the deal.
 Later on, they were going to play as the Wayne County Rumble at the Alice Noble Ice Arena in Wooster, Ohio, but a deal fell through.
 Finally, they were going to play at the Gault Recreation and Fitness Center, also in Wooster, but a deal fell through there as well.
 With that they decided to move to Summit County and became the Summit County Rumble.
