Raising Dad is an American television sitcom that aired on The WB Television Network from October 5, 2001 until May 10, 2002.
 The series starred Bob Saget, Kat Dennings, Brie Larson, Riley Smith, Beau Wirick and Jerry Adler.
 and was produced by Albion Productions in association with Paramount Television.
"Rollin' with Saget" is a comedic rap song composed by Stu Stone & D-Sisive and featuring vocals from Jamie Kennedy & Stu Stone with Bob Saget.
 Much of its humor is derived from showing Saget in a profane and violent light (which actually corresponds with his stand-up act), as opposed to his most famous role, Danny Tanner, the squeaky clean widowed father of three on the American sitcom "Full House", or the wholesome host of "America's Funniest Home Videos".
 Saget himself has since adopted it as a pseudo theme song, streaming it on his official website and playing during his stand-up acts.
The pilot episode of the American television sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" premiered on CBS on September 19, 2005.
 It was written by series creators Carter Bays and Craig Thomas, and directed by Pamela Fryman The pilot takes place in 2030, as a future Ted Mosby (Voiced by Bob Saget) is telling his kids the story of how he met their mother.
 It flashes back to 2005 to a younger Ted (Josh Radnor) who meets Robin Scherbatsky (Cobie Smulders), a reporter who he becomes smitten for.
 Meanwhile, Ted's lawyer friend Marshall Eriksen (Jason Segel) plans on proposing to his girlfriend Lily Aldrin (Alyson Hannigan), a kindergarten teacher.
For Hope is a 1996 ABC TV movie starring Dana Delany and directed by Bob Saget.
 Based on Saget's sister Gay, the movie showed the experience of a young woman fatally afflicted with the disease "scleroderma".
 Other cast members included Tracy Nelson and Chris Demetral.
Tabernacle, also nicknamed The Tabby, is a mid-size concert hall in the U.S. city of Atlanta.
 The Tabernacle has been a venue for notable acts, including Guns N' Roses, The Black Crowes, Adele, Eminem, Kendrick Lamar, Robbie Williams, Alice in Chains, Bob Dylan, Prince & The New Power Generation, The 1975 and Atlanta's own Mastodon, and Blackberry Smoke among others.
 Along with music concerts, the venue also holds many comedy tours annually including Bob Saget, Lisa Lampanelli, Cheech & Chong and Stephen Lynch.
 The Tabernacle is managed by concert promoter Live Nation and has a seating capacity of 2,600 people.
Beck v. Eiland-Hall is a case filed in 2009 before the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), a United Nations agency.
 It was filed by political commentator Glenn Beck against Isaac Eiland-Hall, concerning the website "GlennBeckRapedAndMurderedAYoungGirlIn1990.com".
 Eiland-Hall created the site as a parody to express the view that Beck's commentary style challenged his guests to prove a negative.
 The site's name was based on a joke first used by comedian Gilbert Gottfried at the 2008 Comedy Central Roast of Bob Saget, in which Gottfried jokingly implored listeners to disregard the (non-existent) rumor that Saget had raped and murdered a girl in 1990.
 Online posters began an Internet meme comparing Gottfried's joke with Beck's style of debate, by requesting Beck disprove he had committed the act in question.
 Eiland-Hall launched his website on September 1, 2009.
Farce of the Penguins is a 2007 American direct-to-video parody directed by Bob Saget.
 It is a parody of the 2005 French feature length nature documentary "March of the Penguins" directed and co-written by Luc Jacquet.
 The film features Samuel L. Jackson as narrator, with the two main characters voiced by Bob Saget and Lewis Black.
 Five of Saget's former "Full House" co-stars also lent their voices to the film.
 Other additional voices were provided by Tracy Morgan, Christina Applegate, James Belushi, Whoopi Goldberg, Dane Cook, Abe Vigoda, Mo'Nique, and others.
New York Minute is a 2004 American teen comedy film starring Mary-Kate Olsen, Ashley Olsen and Eugene Levy.
 It was directed by Dennie Gordon and released on May 7, 2004.
 In the film Mary-Kate and Ashley play twins with opposing personalities who have a series of misadventures around New York City.
 "New York Minute" reunited Mary-Kate and Ashley with their "Full House" co-star, Bob Saget.
 It was the Olsen twins' first theatrical film release since 1995's "It Takes Two".
 It was also the last film featured by Olsen twins, and the last film released by Dualstar Entertainment before it went into dormancy.
Surviving Suburbia is an American sitcom starring Bob Saget and Cynthia Stevenson that aired on American Broadcasting Company (ABC) from April 6 to August 7, 2009.
 The series originally aired at 9:30 PM Eastern/8:30 PM Central following "Dancing with the Stars", before moving to Fridays at 8:30 PM Eastern/7:30 PM Central for its remaining episodes.
 It was the first program starring Saget to air on ABC since he left "America's Funniest Home Videos" in 1997, and first starring role in a sitcom since "Full House" ended in 1995.
Dirty Work is a 1998 American comedy buddy film starring Norm Macdonald, Artie Lange, Jack Warden, and Traylor Howard and directed by Bob Saget.
 In the film, long-time friends Mitch (Macdonald) and Sam (Lange) start a revenge-for-hire business, and work to fund heart surgery for Sam's father Pops (Warden).
 When they take on work for an unscrupulous businessman (Christopher McDonald), in order to be paid, they create a revenge scheme of their own.
 Adam Sandler makes a cameo appearance as Satan.
