The Gatewood House is a historic house at 235 Pine Bluff Street in Malvern, Arkansas.
 It is a two story wood frame structure, roughly rectangular in plan, with a gambrel roof and weatherboard exterior.
 The gambrel roof is unusual in that the upper level slightly overhangs the steeper lower parts.
 The front-facing gable rests above a polygonal bay window on the left and a recessed porch on the right, which is supported by clustered Tuscan columns.
 Built in 1905, the building represents a well-executed example of a vernacular interpretation of the Shingle style of architecture.
The East Central Conference was an athletic conference from 1947 to 1969 based in Eastern Indiana, considered as one of the regional superconferences in the state.
 The conference began with 12 schools, though had turnover within its first year, mainly having to do with gym issues.
 Pendleton and Greenfield, larger schools, refused to play in Cambridge City's gym, deeming it too small to play in.
 The conference felt otherwise, and forced the two schools out of the conference.
 Williamsburg, on the other hand, had the opposite problem; its gym was found to be too small for conference play, and moved them out as well.
 To fill their spots, the conference recruited Milroy, Morristown, and Morton Memorial to join the fold.
 While the conference did grow to 13 schools, by 1956 it had started to splinter.
 Three schools left to found the Eastern Indiana Athletic Conference in 1956, while in 1962 four schools left to help found the Tri-Eastern Conference.
 The formation of the TEC in 1962 almost caused the ECC to fold, as it was left with five members.
 However, the Hancock County Conference's six schools were merged into the fold, giving the conference new life.
 However, the conference did not have long, as the formation of the Big Blue River Conference left the conference with three schools by 1968, two of which were scheduled to be closed at the end of the 1968-69 school year.
 The sole remaining member, Morton Memorial, opted to join the BBRC that next year.
Jonathan Valin (born November 23, 1947 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American mystery author best known for the Harry Stoner detective series.
 He won the Shamus Award for best mystery novel of 1989.
 After writing eleven Harry Stoner novels over a 14-year period, he took a break from mystery writing to help found "Fi", a magazine of music criticism.
 He now works as an editor and reviewer for magazines.
The Pine Bluff Street Historic District encompasses a well-preserved residential area of Malvern, Arkansas, that was developed between about 1890 and 1940.
 It extends along Pine Bluff Street, just east of the city center, between Gloster Court and McNeal Street.
 Most of the houses in this area are Craftsman style bungalows, although the district is also home to one of Arkansas' finest Second Empire houses, the Bratt-Lea House at 225 Pine Bluff Street.
 The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999, and includes two previously-listed properties: the Gatewood House, and the Alderson-Coston House.
Seyed Mohammad Tabibian (born 1948) is an Iranian economist who served under the administration of Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani as deputy director of the Planning and Budget Organization.
 He left to help found the High Institute of Plan and Development Research in Tehran as of the early 1990s.
 He has also taught at the Isfahan University of Technology.
 Tabibian was head of groups made First Five Year Plan(1989–1993) and Second Five Year Plan of Iran(1994–1998).
Gatewood House is a historic plantation house in Eatonton, Georgia that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 It was built sometime during 1805-1812 while the property was owned by a John Keating.
 As of 1975, the house remained unaltered from its original construction.
 It is significant for its "refined yet simple" architecture, unusual and hence more important given its era.
Stanley Roy Cribb (11 May 1905 – 13 January 1989) was an English professional footballer who played for Southampton, Queens Park Rangers and Cardiff City as an outside-left in the 1920s and 1930s.
 He later went on to help found and to manage Gosport Borough.
Mary Eileen Ahern (October 1, 1860 – May 22, 1938) was a librarian and leader of the modern library movement.She has been selected as one of the "100 of the Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century" in the "American Libraries" list published in 1999.
 She was an important influencer and early organizer of libraries in America.
 Mary Ahern was a crusader for the value of public libraries in educating the public.
 In the first issue of the journal she edited, "Public Libraries", as reported in the "World Encyclopedia of Library and Information Services" Mary said, “There is only one solution of all social problems, an increase in intelligence, a gradual education of the people.”
 The best source of this education, she believed, was potentially the public library.
 This was a time in history when Andrew Carnegie was building libraries across the nation and Melvil Dewey created the Dewey Decimal System and help found the American Library Association.
 Mary wrote and spoke about this optimistic vision in the same editorial, the public library “is the broadest of teachers, one may almost say the only free teacher.
 It is the most liberal of schools; it is the only real people’s college.”
 The "World Encyclopedia" states, “ She saw a librarian as a teacher on all occasions.”
 Mary shared this vision with government leaders, teachers and librarians everywhere she went, throughout her long career.
Argelia Laya (10 July 1926-27 November 1997) was an Afro-Venezuelan educator and women's rights activist.
 She fought for women's suffrage and was one of the first to openly speak of a woman's right to have children outside of wedlock or obtain an abortion.
 She advocated for the decriminalization of abortion and the right of both students and teachers to attend school regardless of whether they were pregnant.
 In the 1960s, she served as a guerrilla fighter for the communist party, later breaking away from the party to help found the Movement to Socialism (MAS).
 Through this party, she pressed for anti-discrimination regulations to gain socio-economic parity for minorities, workers and women.
The Bolling–Gatewood House is a historic cottage in Holly Springs, Mississippi, USA.
 It is home to the Ida B. Wells-Barnett Museum, named for former slave, journalist, and suffragist Ida B. Wells.
