Little Feat is an American rock band formed by singer-songwriter, lead vocalist and guitarist Lowell George and keyboardist Bill Payne in 1969 in Los Angeles.
 George disbanded the group due to creative differences in 1979, shortly before his death.
 Surviving members reformed Little Feat in 1987, remaining intermittently active to the present.
The rock band Mott the Hoople have released seven studio albums, seven live albums, twelve compilation albums and 15 singles.
 The discographies of Mott and British Lions are also included because they are a continuation of Mott the Hoople (without founding members Mick Ralphs and Ian Hunter, but featuring members of the original line-up of Mott the Hoople).
Shades of Ian Hunter: The Ballad of Ian Hunter and Mott the Hoople is a compilation album by Ian Hunter, consisting of tracks by Hunter's previous band Mott the Hoople, and solo Hunter tracks as well.
 It was released in 1979 as a double-LP.
"Saturday Gigs" is a 7" single released by Mott the Hoople.
 It was the last studio recording made by the group before Ian Hunter left and the group reformed as simply "Mott."
 Guitarist Ariel Bender was replaced by Mick Ronson during the production of the single, marking Ronson's only official appearance on a Mott The Hoople release.
 Another single, "Lounge Lizard," was recorded as a planned B-side, but was not used.
 It eventually turned up on the Extended CD re-issue of "The Hoople" in 2006.
 This song was played live during the 1974 European tour as the set's ending but also at the Mott The Hoople Reunion concerts in 2009 with it being the closing song of the final concert.
Pressure Drop is the second solo album by Robert Palmer, released in 1975.
 Palmer is backed by Little Feat and other musicians.
 The title track is a cover version of the reggae hit by Toots & the Maytals.
 However, many other songs on the album use "New Orleans funk ... along with smooth, dated disco ballads smothered in strings".
 Continuing his association with Little Feat started by his cover of "Sailing Shoes" on his 1974 debut album "Sneaking Sally Through the Alley", Feat was used as backing band on several cuts, most notably Lowell George's slide guitar on "Here With You Tonight".
 George also contributed the tune "Trouble" on which Feat pianist Bill Payne plays the intro.
 David Jeffries' review says that the album is considered "too blue-eyed and polished for fans of Palmer's more gutsy moments" but concludes that ""Pressure Drop" has grown into the great overlooked album in Palmer's discography".
"Born Late '58" is a single taken from Mott the Hoople's seventh and final studio album "The Hoople".
 It is the only Mott the Hoople track credited solely to and sung by group bassist Peter Watts prior to the group reforming as simply "Mott".
 Just prior to the recording, de facto group leader Ian Hunter left the recording studio in frustration with the group's new guitarist Ariel Bender.
 As a consequence, this is the only track in the seven albums credited to "Mott the Hoople" that Hunter had no direct involvement in.
 Ironically (perhaps intentionally), the track features Bender's guitar as the most prominent instrument.
Ian Hunter Patterson (born 3 June 1939), known as Ian Hunter, is a British singer-songwriter who is best known as the lead singer of the English rock band Mott the Hoople, from its inception in 1969 to its dissolution in 1974, and at the time of its 2009 and 2013 reunions.
 Hunter was a musician and songwriter before joining Mott the Hoople, and continued in this vein after he left the band.
 He embarked on a solo career despite ill health and disillusionment with commercial success, and often worked in collaboration with Mick Ronson, David Bowie's sideman and arranger from the "Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars" period.
Two Miles From Heaven is a compilation album of tracks recorded by British rock band Mott the Hoople during their period with Island Records from 1969 to 1972.
 It features the original band line-up of Ian Hunter (vocals, piano, guitar), Mick Ralphs (guitar, vocals), Peter Watts (bass guitar, vocals), Dale Griffin (drums) and Verden Allen (organ).
 Incomplete tracks from original sessions were supplemented by overdubs of vocals, keyboards (by later Mott the Hoople and Mott member Morgan Fisher) and guitar (including contributions from Mott guitarist Ray Majors).
Ian Hunter is the first solo album by Ian Hunter, recorded following his departure from Mott the Hoople.
 Released in 1975, it is also the first of many solo albums on which he collaborates with Mick Ronson.
 The bassist, Geoff Appleby, was from Hull like Mick Ronson and they had played together in The Rats in the late 1960s.
Thanks, I'll Eat It Here is the title of the only solo album by the late rock and roll singer-songwriter Lowell George.
 While George is best known for his work with Little Feat, by 1977 Lowell felt that they were moving increasingly into jazz-rock, a form in which he felt little interest.
 As a result, he began working on his own album.
 "Thanks, I'll Eat It Here" is an eclectic mix of styles reminiscent of Little Feat's earlier albums - in particular "Dixie Chicken", on which the track "Two Trains" originally appeared.
 The album was released just before the death of Lowell George in 1979 and has cover art by Neon Park (a feature of almost all Little Feat albums) containing several pop-/cult references including a picnic scene, mirroring Édouard Manet's "Le déjeuner sur l'herbe", which shows Bob Dylan, Fidel Castro and Marlene Dietrich as Der Blaue Engel with an open copy of "Howl" beside them.
