Place de Ville is a complex of office towers in downtown Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
 It consists of four office buildings: Place de Ville A, B, and C; and the 'Podium' building.
 The complex also has two large hotels, the Ottawa Delta City Centre (411 rooms) and Ottawa Marriott Hotel (487 rooms), as well as the city's largest underground parking garage with space for 974 cars.
 The buildings are linked by an underground shopping complex.
 Place de Ville C is the tallest building in Ottawa.
 It was once advertised as "Ottawa's glittering answer to the Toronto Dominion Centre and Place Ville Marie".
Coupe de Ville (North American, with silent "e" in "coupe") or coupé de ville is one of a large number of terms used to describe an automobile with an external or open-topped driver's position and an enclosed compartment for passengers.
 Among other names for this body style are sedanca, town car, victoria, and brougham.
Chic de ville is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock musician Daniel Bélanger, released March 5, 2013 on Audiogram.
 Inspired in part by his experience composing a theatrical score for a 2010 production of Michel Tremblay's play "Les Belles-sœurs", on "Chic de ville" Bélanger explores elements of country music and rockabilly.
The diamond rush of the 1870s created a pressing demand for transport, causing enormous production problems for the wagonmakers of Paarl and Wellington, who earlier had taken weeks to finish carts and wagons.
 A Paarl businessman, Pieter Bernardus de Ville, initiated the importing of steam-driven machinery, a move which was soon followed by others, and which changed the industry from traditional hand-manufacturing to a simple assembling of imported components.
 De Ville later amalgamated with J. P. Retief to form 'Retief, de Ville & Co'.
 In the 1920s their rival J. F. Phillips and Co. bought the company, becoming the largest wagon manufacturer in South Africa.
 Phillips introduced a 24-hour production line.
 The heyday of the industry was in the 1880s but even after the railhead had reached Kimberley and its diamond diggings in 1885, the demand for Paarl’s conveyances continued.
 A census in 1891 found that the main centres of wagon-making were Paarl, Worcester, Oudtshoorn, Grahamstown, King William's Town and Cape Town, and that in 1887 there were no fewer than 220 small enterprises involved in wagon manufacturing in the Cape Colony.
The Bazar de l'Hôtel de Ville or BHV is a department store on rue de Rivoli in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, facing the Hôtel de Ville.
 It is part of the Groupe Galeries Lafayette and served by the Metro station "Hôtel de Ville".
 It occupies four other smaller specialized stores, in the neighborhood, and has also opened several other shops in France and in Beirut, Lebanon.
 BHV currently operates several stores in the Paris metropolitan area and two in the Lyon metropolitan area.
Philippe Rochat (29 November 1953 – 8 July 2015) was a Swiss chef and the owner of the "Restaurant de L'Hôtel de Ville" in Crissier, Switzerland.
Sundays and Cybele is a 1962 French film directed by Serge Bourguignon.
 Its original French title is Les dimanches de Ville d'Avray ("Sundays in Ville d'Avray"), referring to the Ville-d'Avray suburb of Paris.
 The film tells the tragic story of a young girl who is befriended by an innocent but emotionally disabled veteran of the French Indochina War.
 The film is based on a novel by , who collaborated on the screenplay.
Curtis John Dvorak (born July 16, 1974) was primarily known as Jaxson de Ville, official mascot of the Jacksonville Jaguars NFL football team.
 He was the first person to portray the Jaguars mascot in the team's history and had the title, Vice President of Mascot Relations.
 Curtis retired from serving as Jaxson de Ville on June 23, 2015.
The Panther De Ville is a neo-classic luxury vehicle which was produced by Panther Westwinds, the British specialty maker, from 1974 to 1985.
 The De Ville was conceived by Robert Jankel to appeal to the taste of nouveau riche customers, including singer Elton John and actor Oliver Reed.
 About 60 De Villes were hand-built, including eleven two-door convertibles (for many years Britain's most expensive listed production car), and one pink and gold six-door limousine.
Hôtel de Ville (] , literally "City Hall") is a rapid transit station on Lines 1 and 11 of the Paris Métro.
 The station lies within the fourth arrondissement of the central city, close to the Hôtel de Ville de Paris.
