Google Chrome Frame was a plug-in designed for Internet Explorer based on the open-source Chromium project.
 It went stable in September 2010, on the first birthday of the project.
 It was discontinued in February 2014 and is no longer supported.
Operating System/Virtual Storage 1, or OS/VS1, is a discontinued IBM mainframe computer operating system designed to be run on IBM System/370 hardware.
 It was the successor to the Multiprogramming with a Fixed number of Tasks (MFT) option of System/360's operating system OS/360.
 OS/VS1, in comparison to its predecessor, supported virtual memory (then called "virtual storage").
 OS/VS1 was generally available during the 1970s and 1980s, and it is no longer supported by IBM.
The blink element is a non-standard HTML element that indicates to a user agent (generally a web browser) that the page author intends the content of the element to blink (that is, alternate between being visible and invisible).
 The element was introduced in Netscape Navigator but is no longer supported and often ignored by any modern Web browser; some, such as Internet Explorer, never supported the element at all.
Te Ngahere o Woodhill (Woodhill Forest) is a commercial exotic (pine) Forest located to the North West of Auckland, in New Zealand.
 The forest covers approx 12,500 hectares of land from Muriwai in the South to South Head in the North.
 The forest is a popular location for a number of recreation activities, including horse riding, 4WD and trail biking, mountain biking, walking, dog walking, tree climbing adventures (confidence and team building), orienteering and filming, although all require a permit (paid), and walking or dog walking is no longer supported by the owners.
 Woodhill Forest is a sand based pine forest, providing all weather trails and recreation.
Two Dots is a puzzle video game for iOS, Android developed and published by Playdots, Inc..
 The Windows 10 Mobile and Microsoft Windows versions are no longer supported.
 It is the sequel to "Dots".
 It was released for iOS platforms on May 29, 2014 and became available for Android on November 12, 2014.
"Dungeons & Dragons" retro-clones are fantasy role-playing games that seek to emulate editions of "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") no longer supported by Wizards of the Coast.
 They are mostly made possible by the terms of the Open Game License and System Reference Document, which allows the use of much of the proprietary terminology of "D&D" that might otherwise collectively constitute a copyright infringement.
 While these rules lack the name "D&D" or any of the associated trademarks, their intent is to have a playable experience similar to those older editions.
PAUP* (Phylogenetic Analysis Using Parsimony *and other methods) is a computational phylogenetics program for inferring evolutionary trees (phylogenies), written by David L. Swofford.
 Originally, as the name implies, PAUP only implemented parsimony, but from version 4.0 (when the program became known as PAUP*) it also supports distance matrix and likelihood methods. Version 3.0 ran on Macintosh computers and supported a rich, user-friendly graphical interface.
 Together with the program MacClade, with which it shares the NEXUS data format, PAUP* was the phylogenetic software of choice for many phylogenetists.
 Version 4.0 added support for Windows (graphical shell and command line) and Unix (command line only) platforms.
 However, the graphical user interface for the Macintosh version requires Classic, which is no longer supported by Mac OS X 10.5 and later.
 There is a command line version of PAUP* for Intel-based Macs.
 PAUP* is also available as a plugin for Geneious.
Canoma was a 3D-modelling application for Windows and Macintosh which is now no longer supported by its company.
OSRIC, short for Old School Reference and Index Compilation, is a fantasy role-playing game system.
 "OSRIC" is a recreation of the first edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons", and one of the most successful retro-clones.
 "OSRIC" describes itself as "a compilation of rules for old school-style fantasy gaming...intended to reproduce underlying rules used in the late 1970s to early 1980s".
 OSRIC uses the Open Gaming License and the System Reference Document of "Dungeons & Dragons" 3rd edition to create a new artistic presentation of the underlying rules set.
Android "Ice Cream Sandwich" is a codename for the Android mobile operating system developed by Google, that is no longer supported.
 Unveiled on October 19, 2011, Android 4.0 builds upon the significant changes made by the tablet-only release Android Honeycomb, in an effort to create a unified platform for both smartphones and tablets, whilst simplifying and modernizing the overall Android experience around a new set of human interface guidelines.
 As part of these efforts, Android 4.0 introduced a new visual appearance codenamed "Holo", which is built around a cleaner, minimalist design, and a new default typeface named Roboto.
