Mercy is a 1987 hard rock album by Steve Jones.
 It was the first solo album from Jones, a former member of the Sex Pistols.
 The single "Mercy" was used in a "Miami Vice" episode called "Stone's War" and was also featured on the "Miami Vice II" soundtrack album.
 The song "With You or Without You" was used in, and is on the soundtrack for, Jonathan Demme's 1986 film "Something Wild".
 "Raining in My Heart" was originally recorded as "When Dreaming Fails", a 1985 demo with Iggy Pop which they recorded at Olivier Ferrand's home studio in Hancock Park, Los Angeles.
 Jones added new lyrics.
"You Belong to the City" is a song written by Glenn Frey (of the Eagles) and Jack Tempchin, and recorded by Frey during his solo career.
 It was written specifically for the television show "Miami Vice" in 1985.
 The song nearly reached the top of the charts, peaking at number two (behind Starship's "We Built This City") on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, although it did reach the top of the "Billboard" Top Rock Tracks chart.
 This song, along with Jan Hammer's "Miami Vice Theme", helped the "Miami Vice" soundtrack album reach the top spot of the "Billboard" 200 chart for 11 weeks in 1985, making it the best-selling album of the year and the most successful TV soundtrack of all time.
 While Frey performed this song live when touring with the Eagles, he stopped doing so in 2005.
 A version of the Eagles performing the song can be found on their DVD "Farewell Tour I: Live from Melbourne" released that year.
Philip Michael Thomas (born May 26, 1949) is an American actor.
 Thomas' most famous role is that of detective Ricardo Tubbs on the hit 1980s TV series "Miami Vice".
 His first notable roles were in "Coonskin" (1975) and opposite Irene Cara in the 1976 film "Sparkle".
 After his success in "Miami Vice", Thomas appeared in numerous made-for-TV movies and advertisements for telephone psychic services.
 He served as a spokesperson for cell phone entertainment company Nextones, and supplied the voice for the character in the video games "" and "".
In the television series, "Miami Vice", firearms took a key role.
 Episodes such as "Evan" revolved around them, while the characters themselves also used several firearms during the series.
 Sonny Crockett (played by Don Johnson) was to have used a SIG Sauer P220, but this was replaced by the then more modern Bren Ten.
 The importance of the firearms in "Miami Vice" is demonstrated by Galco International, which provided the holster used by Don Johnson on the show, naming its holster the "Miami Classic".
Arielle Dombasle (born April 27, 1953) is an American-born French singer, actress, director and model.
 Her breakthrough roles were in Éric Rohmer's "Pauline at the Beach" (1983) and Alain Robbe-Grillet's "The Blue Villa" (1995).
 She is best known to American audiences for her appearances on "Miami Vice" where she played Kelly in Season 2, episode 12 of Miami Vice.
 The episode was entitled "Definitely Miami".
 She was also one of the main characters in the 1984 miniseries "Lace."
 Since 1978 she has released twenty singles and nine albums.
Detective James "Sonny" Crockett is a fictional character in the NBC television series "Miami Vice" and the 2006 film adaptation.
 The character is portrayed by Don Johnson in the television series, and Colin Farrell in the film.
 He was introduced in the "Miami Vice" pilot in 1984 and appeared in every subsequent episode except Season 5's "Borrasca" and in the film.
 The character has also appeared in video games and various popular culture references.
The list of "Miami Vice" guest appearances is a list of actors/actresses to have appeared on the popular 1980s American television series, "Miami Vice".
 The show included actors and actresses as well as musicians, celebrities, and athletes.
 Throughout the show's run most guest actors/actresses appeared once, while others appeared multiple times.
 At that time these actors and actresses were mostly unknown when they first guest appeared on the show, now they are some of the most widely known actors, actresses, and celebrities.
Jan Hammer (] ) (born 17 April 1948) is a Czech-born American musician, composer and record producer.
 He first gained his most visible audience while playing keyboards with the Mahavishnu Orchestra in the early 1970s, as well as his film scores for television and film including "Miami Vice Theme" and "Crockett's Theme", from the popular 1980s program, "Miami Vice".
 He has continued to work as both a musical performer and producer, expanding to producing film later in his career.
""Miami Vice" Theme" is a musical piece composed and performed by Jan Hammer as the theme to the television series "Miami Vice".
 It was first presented as part of the television broadcast of the show in September 1984 and released as a single in 1985, peaking at the number one spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 It was the last instrumental to top the Hot 100 until 2013, when "Harlem Shake" by Baauer reached number one.
 It also peaked at number five in the UK and number four in Canada.
 In 1986, it won Grammy Awards for "Best Instrumental Composition" and "Best Pop Instrumental Performance."
 This song, along with Glenn Frey's number-two hit "You Belong to the City", put the "Miami Vice" soundtrack on the top of the US album chart for 11 weeks in 1985, making it the most successful TV soundtrack of all time until 2006 when Disney Channel's "High School Musical" beat its record.
Donald Wayne Johnson (born December 15, 1949) is an American actor, producer, director, singer, and songwriter.
 He played the role of James "Sonny" Crockett in the 1980s television series "Miami Vice" and had the eponymous lead role in the 1990s cop series "Nash Bridges".
 Johnson is a Golden Globe–winning actor for his role in "Miami Vice", the American Power Boat Association's 1988 World Champion of the Offshore World Cup, and has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
