Burgess was educated at Surbiton County Grammar School and the University of London.
 After six years working for Shell he went to the London School of Theology.
 He served curacies at St Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey and St Mary, Southampton.
 He was Vicar of Coppenhall from 1962 to 1967; and then of Keynsham until his appointment as Archdeacon.
William Burges (1827-1881) was an English architect, born in London.
 He trained under Edward Blore and Matthew Digby Wyatt.
 His works include churches, a cathedral, a warehouse, a university, a school, houses and castles.
 Burges's most notable works are Cardiff Castle, constructed between 1866 and 1928, and Castell Coch (1872–91), both of which were built for John Crichton-Stuart, 3rd Marquess of Bute.
Theodore Wores (August 1, 1859–September 11, 1939) was an American painter born in San Francisco, son of Joseph Wores and Gertrude Liebke.
 His father worked as a hat manufacturer in San Francisco.
 Wores began his art training at age twelve in the studio of Joseph Harrington, who taught him color, composition, drawing and perspective.
 When the San Francisco School of Design opened in 1874, Wores was one of the first pupils to enroll.
 After one year at that school under the landscape painter Virgil Macey Williams, he continued his art education at the Royal Academy in Munich where he spent six years.
 He also painted with William Merritt Chase and Frank Duveneck.
 Wores returned to San Francisco in 1881.
 He went to Japan for two extended visits and had successful exhibitions of his Japanese paintings in New York City and London, where he became friends with James Abbott McNeill Whistler and Oscar Wilde.
 He visited Hawaii and Samoa in 1901-1902 and established a home in San Francisco about 1906.
 He visited Hawaii for a second time in 1910–1911.
 He was married in 1910 in San Francisco to Carolyn Bauer.
 For the remainder of his career, Wores painted the coast on the western edge of San Francisco.
 He died from a heart attack in San Francisco Sept. 11, 1939.
Tessa (Esther) Ogden (born 1962) is CEO of the Centre for Economic Policy Research in London.
 Originally from Birmingham, she gained her doctorate in 1988 from City University Business School.
 She spent six years working for European Commission in Luxembourg between 1989 and 1994.
 In 2014 she returned as CEO of Centre for Economic Policy Research.
Alexander Stuart (born 8 August 1940) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a left-back.
 Beginning his career in 1958 with Dundee, Stuart went on to spend ten years at Dens Park, winning the Scottish Football League in 1961-62 and gaining a Scottish Cup runners-up medal two years later.
 In 1969, Stuart moved to city rivals Dundee United but left within the year to become player/manager at Montrose.
 Stuart spent six years at Links Park before moving to Premier Division side Ayr United in 1975-76 season, where he kept the part-time side in the top flight for two seasons.
 He had a short, final managerial spell with St Johnstone at the end of the 1970s.
 Stuart went on to become a sports administrator, working on a project for Dundee and Dundee United to share a youth academy.
 He is now retired.
In 1619, 90 young single women from England went to Jamestown to become wives of the men there, with the women being auctioned off for 150 pounds of tobacco each (to be paid to the shipping company), as that was the cost of each woman's travel to America.
 All 90 of them did indeed become wives.
 The youngest, Jane Dier, had been fifteen or sixteen years old when she left, and one of the oldest, Alice Burges, was twenty-eight.
 Most of their fathers had died.
 Such voyagers were called tobacco brides (or King's daughters, Casket girls, or Jamestown brides) and 150 pounds of tobacco was the typical auction price for them, although they usually had the right to refuse the highest bidder.
 However, tobacco brides were often sent to America against their will, and often sent at very young ages.
 There were many women and girls who went to America for this purpose (the 1619 voyage being the first), with the women and girls promised free passage and trousseaus for their trouble.
 Many tobacco brides came to America fleeing hardship, but many also suffered once in America.
 144 tobacco brides were brought to Jamestown by the Virginia Company between 1619 and 1622, but only six of them lived through their first six years in America.
Everything I Never Told You is a 2014 debut novel by Celeste Ng.
 It topped Amazon's Best Books of the Year list for 2014.
 The novel is about a mixed-race Chinese-American family whose middle daughter Lydia is found drowned in a lake.
 Ng spent six years writing the novel, going through four different full drafts.
John Burges (Burgess) (1563–1635) was an English clergyman and physician.
 He held nuanced reformist views on the vexed questions of the time, on clerical dress and church ceremonies.
 His preaching offended James I of England, early in his reign, and Burges went abroad for medical training.
 He spent many years building up a practice, and only resumed a relationship of conformity within the Church of England in the 1620s.
Graham H. Twelftree (born 8 July 1950) is an Australian-born biblical scholar who currently serves as the Academic Dean at London School of Theology in London, UK.
 Upon earning his master's degree from Oxford University, Twelftree went on to study under world-renowned New Testament scholar James D. G. Dunn at the University of Nottingham.
 After completing his doctoral dissertation "Jesus, the Exorcist: A Contribution to the Study of the Historical Jesus", he went on to author dozens of books and journal articles including perhaps his most noted work "Jesus the Miracle Worker: A Historical & Theological Study" (Grand Rapids: IVP, 1999).
 Through his writings Twelftree has made a significant contribution to what has been called the third quest for the historical Jesus.
 He also serves on the editorial board of The Journal for the Study of the Historical Jesus (Sheffield Academic Press).
 Before his post at London School of Theology, Twelftree was PhD Program Director and Charles Holman Professor of New Testament and Early Christianity at Regent University's School of Divinity in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
 He has also served as pastor of a Vineyard church in Adelaide, Australia.
Richard Joseph "Rick" Rypien (May 16, 1984 – August 15, 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who spent parts of six seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Vancouver Canucks.
 After a major junior career of four years with the Regina Pats of the Western Hockey League, he was signed by the minor professional Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League (AHL) in 2005.
 The following season, he signed with the Canucks.
 He spent six years with the organization, splitting time between the Canucks and Moose, their AHL affiliate.
