Donald Swain Lewis, DSO (5 April 1886 – 10 April 1916) was a Lieutenant Colonel in the British Army and was the second highest-ranked officer in the Royal Flying Corps/Royal Air Force to be killed in action in the First World War.
 His father was Ernest Lewis, one of the founding directors of the Army & Navy Stores (United Kingdom).
Arnotts was a department store in Glasgow, Scotland.
 Originally a subsidiary of the Dublin department store, Arnotts, it was acquired by House of Fraser and merged with neighbouring department store Robert Simpson & Sons to trade as Arnott Simpson.
 Further department stores acquired by House of Fraser were re-branded as Arnott Simpson until the Arnotts trading name was adopted for the majority of the group's stores in Scotland, including one ("i.e." not all) of its Edinburgh stores, on North Bridge.
 House of Fraser closed its last remaining Arnotts store, that in Paisley, in January 2004.
Lieutenant Colonel Donald Field (D. M. Field), CIE, was Chief Minister of the princely state of Jodhpur from 1935 on, and the last of the British Raj leaders of that area.
 Among the events of Field's ministry was the 1937 order formally granting the request of Mali community of Rajputana to be renamed as "Saini" or "Sainik Kshatriya" in official records.
Army & Navy Stores was a department store group in the United Kingdom, which originated as a co-operative society for military officers in the nineteenth century.
 The society became a limited company in the 1930s and purchased a number of independent stores during the 1950s and 1960s.
 In 1976 the Army and Navy Stores group was acquired by House of Fraser.
 From 2005 onwards the remaining Army & Navy stores (the flagship store located on Victoria Street in London and the three others in Maidstone, Camberley, and Chichester) were refurbished and re-branded as House of Fraser stores.
 House of Fraser itself was acquired by Icelandic investment company, Baugur Group, in late 2006.
The Diamond began in 1906 as a small shoe store in Charleston, West Virginia, founded by Roane County native Wehrle B. Geary on the belief that "the recollection of quality remains long after price is forgotten".
 The shoe business prospered.
 It moved from its original location at 215 Capitol Street and was expanded to become the city's leading shopping center by 1920.
 Additional expansions followed.
 In 1949, The Diamond completed a $1,250,000 expansion and modernization project which included five elevators and a set of escalators that reached from the basement "Budget Store" to the fifth floor.
 The Diamond eventually became West Virginia's largest department store with 180000 sqft of space.
 The fifth-floor cafeteria was a destination for businessmen and shoppers alike.
 The store was acquired by Associated Dry Goods in 1956.
 During the 1970s, Hickory Farms had a location in a portion of the basement of the store.
 The Diamond opened its one and only branch location at Grand Central Mall, Vienna, WV in 1972.
 Associated sold off the stores in 1983 because of limited expansion room.
 Near the beginning of the 21st century, the state of West Virginia purchased the former department store and transformed it into state offices.
 The original facade of the downtown store (on the corner of Capitol and Washington Streets) remains largely unchanged.
House of Fraser is a British department store group with over 60 stores across the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 It was established in Glasgow, Scotland in 1849 as Arthur and Fraser.
 By 1891, it was known as Fraser & Sons.
 The company grew steadily during the early 20th century, but after the Second World War, a large number of acquisitions transformed the company into a national chain.
 Between 1936 and 1985 over seventy companies, not including their subsidiaries, were acquired.
 In 1948, the company was first listed on the London Stock Exchange, and eventually was included in the FTSE Index before the company was acquired by a consortium of investors including Baugur and Don McCarthy in 2006.
 On 2 September 2014, Don McCarthy, retiring Executive Chairman of House of Fraser, announced the completion of the sale of 100% of the preferred ordinary shares and B ordinary shares, and approximately 89% of the A ordinary shares and preference shares of Highland Group Holdings Ltd, to Nanjing Xinjiekou Department Store Co, a leading chain of Chinese department stores, for an enterprise value of approximately £480 million.
Beatties of London (commonly known as Beatties) was a model retail company of the United Kingdom, not to be confused with the Beatties department store group.
El Corte Inglés S.A., headquartered in Madrid, is the biggest department store group in Europe and ranks fourth worldwide.
 El Corte Inglés is Spain's only remaining department store chain, as well as owner of several associated businesses, such as:
Hyundai Department Store Group (Hangul: 현대백화점그룹) operates the Hyundai Department Store chain of department stores in South Korea.
 In addition, the group operates a range of service industry businesses.
 Subsidiary businesses include Hyundai Home Shopping and Hotel Hyundai.
Beatties was a small British department store group located primarily in the Midlands of England.
 In 2005, when it had 12 stores, the group was acquired by House of Fraser.
 On 14 January 2006, the Birmingham store closed, because a similar House of Fraser store, Rackhams, was not far away.
 In August 2007, the Telford store was rebranded, along with the Solihull and Sutton Coldfield stores.
 The group is gradually rebranding all its branches under the House of Fraser name.
 In January 2010 the Dudley branch was closed.
