Infield House (also known as 'Infield Park', or simply 'Infield') was a large late-19th century country house located to the north of Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England.
 Infield House was built adjacent to Abbey Road as a residence for businessman Samuel John Claye, the owner of Claye's Wagon Works.
 After Claye's death in 1886, the house and Wagon Works were sold on and later became a convalescent home.
 The facilities closure lead to Infield House falling into a state of disrepair and it was eventually demolished in the 1970s and replaced by a housing estate named Infield Gardens.
 The only remaining feature of Infield House is the boundary wall and gate piers which mark the entrance to the modern housing estate.
Rumah Cililitan Besar ("Cililitan Besar House"), also known as simply Cililitan Besar or Lebak Sirih, is a former Dutch colonial country house located in Cililitan, Jakarta.
 It was known in Dutch as Landhuis Tjililitan Besar.
 It is located next to the complex of Soekanto Indonesian National Police Hospital.
 The architecture style of the building is a prototype for a late 19th century Dutch country house style known as the transitional Dutch Indies style.
Saltersley Hall is a country house located about 2 mi to the west of Wilmslow, Cheshire, England.
 The authors of the "Buildings of England" series describe it as a "lonely but high-status ... house on a sand island in the middle of Lindow Moss".
 The house was built in the 17th century, with additions in the 19th and 20th centuries.
 It is constructed in sandstone and whitewashed brick with a slate roof.
 Its medieval H-shape has been rationalised to form a flat front with three gables.
 The windows are mullioned.
 The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Ruloe House is a country house located 1.75 mi to the east of Norley, Cheshire, England.
 It was built in about 1873 for the Wilbraham estate, and designed by the Chester architect John Douglas.
 It is constructed in red brick and has red tiled roofs.
 The house is decorated with strip pilasters.
 It is in two storeys, with a four-bay south front.
 On its garden side is a circular turret with a conical roof.
 The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Holker Hall (pronounced Hooker) is a privately-owned country house located about 2km to the southwest of the village of Cartmel, Cumbria, England, a location previously in the historic county of Lancashire.
 It is "the grandest [building] of its date in Lancashire ...by the best architects then living in the county."
 The building dates from the 16th century, with alterations, additions, and rebuilding in the 18th and 19th centuries.
 The 19th century rebuilding was by George Webster in Jacobean Revival style and subsequent renovations were by E. G. Paley.
 Hubert Austin had a joint practice with Paley by the 1870s and they both rebuilt the west wing after it was destroyed by a major fire in 1871, only a decade after Paley's previous work on the structure.
 The fire also destroyed a number of notable artworks.
 Holker Hall is Paley and Austin's "most important country house commission."
 The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner expressed the opinion that the west wing is the "outstanding domestic work" of Paley and Austin.
 In 1970 the hall itself, together with its terrace wall, were designated Grade II* Listed buildings.
 The house stands in an estate of about 80 hectares, and is surrounded by formal gardens, parkland and woodland.
 Within the grounds are six structures listed at Grade II.
Dukenfield Hall is a country house located between Knutsford and Mobberley in Cheshire, England.
 Now a symmetrical brick building, it originated in the late 16th or early 17th century as a small cruck-framed house, entered at one end.
 During the 17th century it was faced with brick, cross wings were added and the roof was heightened.
 The house was originally called Podmore House.
 Further additions were made to the house in the 19th and 20th centuries.
 It is constructed in plum-coloured brick with stone dressings, and has a stone-slate roof.
 The house is in two storeys plus an attic.
 Its entrance front is E-shaped, and has three projecting wings with gables.
 The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
 Associated with the house are two structures listed at Grade II.
 These are the gate piers to the forecourt, and a barn.
Stowe House is a Grade I listed country house located in Stowe, Buckinghamshire, England.
 It is the home of Stowe School, an independent school and is owned by the Stowe House Preservation Trust who have to date (March 2013) spent more than £25m on the restoration of the house.
 Stowe House is regularly open to the public and can be explored by guided tour all year round or during the school holidays you can explore at your own pace with a multimedia guide.
 The gardens (known as Stowe Landscape Gardens), a significant example of the English garden style, along with part of the Park, passed into the ownership of The National Trust in 1989 and are open to the public.
 The parkland surrounding the gardens is open 365 days a year.
 National Trust members have free access to the gardens but there is a charge for all visitors to the house which goes towards the costs of restoring the building.
Crag Hall is a country house located to the east of the village of Wildboarclough, Cheshire, England.
 It was built in 1815 by George Palfreyman, the owner of a textile printing works nearby.
 It has since been extended by the addition of large curved bow windows at each end of the entrance front.
 The house is constructed in brick-sized blocks of brown sandstone, with ashlar quoins and dressings.
 It is roofed in slate.
 The house is in two storeys.
 The entrance front has five bays.
 In the centre is a raised portico with four Ionic columns.
 It is approached from each side by a flight of steps.
 Its base is rusticated and contains three arched recesses.
 Above the portico is a window with an entablature.
 About the house, Figueirdo and Treuherz comment that "it has an imposing air of millstone grit solidity".
 The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
 Associated with the house are three structures listed at Grade II.
 These are the gateway with its wing walls, the retaining wall to the garden terrace, and a wall and summer house in the garden.
Belton House is a Grade I listed country house in Belton near Grantham, Lincolnshire, England.
 The mansion is surrounded by formal gardens and a series of avenues leading to follies within a larger wooded park.
 Belton has been described as a compilation of all that is finest of Carolean architecture, the only truly vernacular style of architecture that England had produced since the Tudor period.
 The house has also been described as the most complete example of a typical English country house; the claim has even been made that Belton's principal facade was the inspiration for the modern British motorway signs which give directions to stately homes. Only Brympton d'Evercy has been similarly lauded as the perfect English country house.
Belsay Hall is a notable Regency style 1807 country house located at Belsay, Northumberland.
 It is regarded as the first British country house to be built in entirely in new, Greek revival style.
 It is a Grade I listed building.
 It was built to supersede Belsay Castle and its adjoining earlier hall just a few hundred yards away, and part of the same estate.
