Samir Azzouz (born 27 June 1986) is a Dutch national of Moroccan descent.
 He was incarcerated in Nieuw Vosseveld on suspicion of attempting to procure heavy firearms and planning terrorist attacks.
 He was also suspected to be closely related to the terrorist group the Hofstad Network, but has never been prosecuted for membership of the group.
Syed Mohammed Yusuf Shah, popularly known as Syed Salahudeen, is the head of Hizb-ul-Mujahideen, a terrorist group operating in Kashmir, and head of an alliance of anti-India militant groups, the United Jihad Council, that works to annex the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir to Pakistan .
 Salahuddin vowed to block any peaceful resolution to the Kashmir conflict, threatened to train more Kashmiri suicide bombers, and vowed to turn the Kashmir valley “into a graveyard for Indian forces.”
 He is listed on the NIA Most Wanted list.
 On 26 June 2017, he was named as a Specially Designated Global Terrorist by the US Department Of State.
 After being designated as a Global terrorist, he addressed the Pakistani Media at Muzaffarabad’s Centre Press Club, claiming that "The declaration was a joint move by the US, Israel, and India to express their animosity towards Pakistan."
Soldiers of Egypt (Ajnad Misr in Arabic) is an active Salafist Islamist militant group that has been operating near Cairo, Egypt.
 The groups was founded by Humam Muhammed in 2013, after he split away from the Ansar Bait al-Maqdis militant group.
 The group claims that its attacks are "retribution" for the August 2013 Rabaa Massacre; notably, the group targets only security forces.
 It has warned civilians of the presence of bombs that it has placed.
 The Cairo Court for Urgent Matters declared the group a terrorist group on 22 May 2014.
 It has been a Proscribed Organisation in the United Kingdom under the Terrorism Act 2000 since November 2014.
 The United States Department of State designated it a terrorist organization on 18 December 2014.
Filiberto Ojeda Ríos (April 26, 1933 – September 23, 2005) was the commander-in-chief ("Responsable General") of the Boricua Popular Army ("Ejército Popular Boricua, a.k.a., Los Macheteros").
 According to an unsigned article in the "Los Angeles Times", Los Macheteros was “a terrorist group seeking Puerto Rico's independence.”
 The group campaigned for, and supported, the independence of Puerto Rico from the United States.
 In 2001, FBI Director Louis J. Freeh claimed the group was linked to acts of terrorism, but Ronald Fernandez, scholar of Puerto Rican history, suggests such labeling was an act of political convenience by the United States Government, intended to "shift the blame for any attacks on U.S. policy or personnel from us to them".
 Ríos was also a founder of the FALN.
 In a 1983 New York Times article, Robert McFadden described the FALN as a Puerto Rican terrorist organization responsible for bombings during the 1970s and early 1980s "in the name of Puerto Rican independence".
Giuseppe Valerio "Giusva" Fioravanti (born 28 March 1958) is an Italian who, with Francesca Mambro, was a leading figure in a far right terrorist group "Nuclei Armati Rivoluzionari" ("Armed Revolutionary Nuclei" or NAR).
 Fioravanti appeared in films and television from a young age, and in his early teens was the most famous child in Italy.
 He and Mambro were fugitives wanted for terrorist offences by their early twenties, they spent a further period on the run while wanted for the Bologna bombing.
 Both were captured after gunfights with police.
 Although Fioravanti, Mambro and a third NAR mamber were convicted of the bombing, there were those who thought that a higher level of the conspiracy was never uncovered.
 Fioravanti and Mambro admit carrying out terrorist murders, but have always denied any involvement in the Bologna station bomb.
Mark E. Mitchell is the current Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict of the United States Department of Defense.
 A retired Colonel, Mitchell was the first member of the United States Army to be awarded the Distinguished Service Cross during the War in Afghanistan and was the first to receive the award since the Vietnam War.
 In 2003, he received the award for his actions during the Battle of Qala-i-Jangi, which took place in late November – early December 2001.
Mark E. Curry (born February 13, 1968) is an American financial technology entrepreneur and philanthropist.
 Curry is the founder of SOL Partners, Reform Online Lending, Executive Pride and the Mark E. Curry Family Foundation.
 In December 2016, Curry acquired the Puerto Rican newspaper NotiCel.
 Curry is a native of Tonganoxie, Kansas and currently resides in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Patricia Campbell "Patty" Hearst (born February 20, 1954), now known as Patricia Hearst Shaw, is the granddaughter of American publishing magnate William Randolph Hearst.
 She became nationally known for events following her 1974 kidnapping while she was a 19-year-old student living in Berkeley, California.
 Hearst was abducted by a small left-wing terrorist group with only 20 members known as the Symbionese Liberation Army.
 After being isolated and threatened with death, she became supportive of their cause, making propaganda announcements for them and taking part in illegal activities.
Iraultza (Basque for Revolution) was a small Basque militant armed group of leftist tendency.
 Seven of the group would die preparing explosive devices.
 On June 27, 1986, a bomb claimed by Iraultza mangled a young worker called José Miguel Moros Peña in Portugalete.
 The victim would die in Cruces Hospital (Barakaldo) on August 13, 1986.
 The group is also known for being described by the United States Government as "probably [having] committed more bombings against American business interests than any other European terrorist group".
 Soon after, the group, which had been active for about a decade with small attacks of explosives that never aimed to cause any personal injuries, announced its dissolution.
 When the group was operational, it is estimated that it had approximately 20 members.
Combat Terrorist Organization or Autonomous Combat Terrorist Organization (rus.
 Боевая Террористическая Организация) was a Russian radical Neo-Nazi terrorist group based in Saint Petersburg from 9 August 2003 to 2006.
 It was formed by two members of the "Mad Crowd" skinhead organization, Dmitriy Borovikov and Voevodin Alexey.
