"True North" is the ninth episode of the first season of the American fairy tale/drama television series "Once Upon a Time".
 The series takes place in the fictional seaside town of Storybrooke, Maine, in which the residents are actually characters from various fairy tales that were transported to the "real world" town by a powerful curse.
 In the episode, Sheriff Emma Swan (Jennifer Morrison) helps two children (Karley Scott Collins and Quinn Lord) track down their father before they are placed in a foster care system, in a parallel with the story of Hansel and Gretel.
 Along the way, they encounter the Evil Queen (Lana Parrilla), and the Blind Witch (Emma Caulfield).
Christopher Ryan Hardwick (born November 23, 1971) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor, television host, writer, producer, podcaster, and musician.
 He is the chief executive officer of Nerdist Industries, the digital division of Legendary Entertainment.
 He currently hosts "Talking Dead", an hourly aftershow on AMC, affiliated with the network's zombie drama series "The Walking Dead" and "Fear the Walking Dead" as well as "Talking with Chris Hardwick", a show in which Hardwick interviews prominent pop culture figures; and "The Wall", a plinko-inspired gameshow on NBC.
 He was also the host of "@midnight with Chris Hardwick", a nightly comedy-game show series on Comedy Central until it ended its run on August 4th 2017.
Jessie Anderson is a fictional character in the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Alexandra Breckenridge in the television series of the same name.
 She is a resident in the Alexandria Safe-Zone.
 Created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Charlie Adlard, the character made her debut in "The Walking Dead" #72 in 2010.
 In both media Jessie is living in an unhappy, abusive marriage with her husband Pete, despite the zombie outbreak, and her son Ron (and Sam in the TV series) in the Alexandria Safe-Zone.
Snow White, formerly known as Mary Margaret Blanchard in Storybrooke, is a fictional character in ABC's television series "Once Upon a Time".
 She is portrayed by Ginnifer Goodwin and by Bailee Madison as a child.
 She is the true love of Prince Charming/David Nolan, mother of Emma Swan and son Neal, and grandmother of Emma's son Henry.
 The character has been one of Goodwin's best roles, one she loves playing on the show.
Fear the Walking Dead: Flight 462 is a 16-part web series based on the television series "Fear the Walking Dead".
 The series premiered on October 4, 2015, on AMC's official website.
 It also aired as promos during "The Walking Dead" season 6.
 The web series tells the story of a group of passengers aboard a commercial airplane during the earliest moments of the outbreak.
 Over the course of the series, the plane and the lives of its passengers are put in jeopardy once they discover an infected traveler.
 Two of its characters, Alex and Jake, are introduced in "Fear the Walking Dead" season 2, episode 3 "Ouroboros".
Henry Daniel Mills is a fictional character in ABC's television series "Once Upon a Time".
 Henry is the boy Emma Swan gave up to adoption; Regina Mills adopted him.
 Henry was first portrayed as a child by Jared S. Gilmore, who won the Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a TV Series – Leading Young Actor in 2012.
 Starting with the seventh season, Andrew J. West will take over the role of Henry as an adult and father to a ten-year-old girl named Lucy.
Carl Grimes is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Chandler Riggs in the American television series of the same name, which airs on AMC in the United States.
 The character was created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore, and debuted in "The Walking Dead" #2 in 2003.
 In both forms of media, Carl is the son of primary protagonist Rick Grimes, and his wife Lori Grimes, and is one of the longest-surviving characters and one of the few original Atlanta survivors still alive.
"The Thing You Love Most" is the second episode of the first season of the American fairy tale/drama television series "Once Upon a Time".
 The series takes place in the fictional seaside town of Storybrooke, Maine, in which the residents are actually characters from various fairy tales that were transported to the "real world" town by a powerful curse.
 This episode centers on Regina's (Lana Parrilla) efforts to run Emma Swan (Jennifer Morrison) out of Storybrooke and reveals how the Evil Queen (Parrilla) unleashed her curse upon the Enchanted Forest.
"Once Upon a Time" is an American fairy tale drama television series created by Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz, who also serve as executive producers alongside Steve Pearlman.
 It debuted on ABC on October 23, 2011.
 The first season introduces a bail bond agent, Emma Swan (Jennifer Morrison) and her birth-son, Henry Mills (Jared S. Gilmore), who discover that a New England town named Storybrooke, Maine is actually a remnant of a parallel world that was cursed by Henry's adoptive mother the Evil Queen/Mayor Regina Mills (Lana Parrilla) and that all the characters from the fairy tales have no memories of who they were, including the parents of Emma: Snow White/Mary Margaret Blanchard (Ginnifer Goodwin) and Prince Charming/David Nolan (Josh Dallas), who sent her to the real world to save their world and break the curse.
Lori Grimes is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Sarah Wayne Callies in the American television series of the same name in the show's first three seasons.
 Created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore, the character made her debut in "The Walking Dead" #2 in 2003.
 In both forms of media, she is the wife of protagonist Rick Grimes and mother of Carl, and serves as the emotional core of the group.
 The character escaped the zombie apocalypse with Carl and Rick's partner Shane Walsh, and, believing her husband to be dead, started a relationship with Shane.
