Vikram is an Indian Tamil film actor.
 After making his cinematic debut in the 1990 film "En Kadhal Kanmani", he acted in a series of small-budget Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films.
 It was Bala's tragedy film "Sethu" (1999) that established Vikram in the Tamil film industry.
 In the early 2000s Vikram appeared in a series of masala films—"Dhill", "Gemini", "Dhool" and "Saamy" all becoming commercially successful.
 During this period, Vikram performed diverse roles and received critical acclaim for his performances in "Kasi" and "Samurai".
 In 2003, Vikram's performance as an autistic gravedigger in "Pithamagan" won a lot of acclaim and secured his first National Film Award for Best Actor.
 His portrayal as an innocent man with multiple personality disorder in Shankar's "Anniyan" was commercially successful.
 The film also fetched him a Filmfare Best Actor Award.
 Vikram's portrayal as a tribal leader in Mani Ratnam's "Raavanan" saw him secure further acclaim.
 He is only the third actor to receive a National Film Award for Best Actor in the Tamil film industry.
 Vikram is known for his intense performances, with his work often fetching critical acclaim and commercial success.
 He has won a National Film Award and seven Filmfare Awards South, of which five are Best Actor awards.
Aamir Khan (] ; born Mohammed Aamir Hussain Khan on 14 March 1965) is an Indian film actor, director, and producer.
 Through his career in Hindi films, Khan has established himself as one of the most popular and influential actors of Indian cinema.
 He is the recipient of numerous awards, including four National Film Awards and eight Filmfare Awards, as well as an Academy Award nomination.
 He was honoured by the Government of India with the Padma Shri in 2003 and the Padma Bhushan in 2010.
Shreya Ghoshal sings in Hindi and Kannada films as well as in other Indian regional languages such as Assamese, Bengali, Gujarati, Malayalam, Marathi, Oriya, Punjabi, Tamil and Telugu.
 She also has sang on Nepali songs.
 She has received numerous awards and nominations including four National Film Awards for Best playback singer, four "State Film Awards", six Filmfare Awards (five for Best playback singer) and nine Filmfare Awards South.
 She established herself as a leading female playback singer of Indian cinema.
Allah-Rakha Rahman (   , born A. S. Dileep Kumar), is an Indian composer, singer-songwriter, music producer, musician and philanthropist.
 A. R. Rahman's works are noted for integrating Indian classical music with electronic music, world music and traditional orchestral arrangements.
 Among his awards are two Academy Awards, two Grammy Awards, a BAFTA Award, a Golden Globe, four National Film Awards, fifteen Filmfare Awards and sixteen Filmfare Awards South.
 He has been awarded the Padma Bhushan, the third highest civilian award, in 2010 by the Government of India.
N. Trivikrama Rao (born Nandamuri Trivikrama Rao) was an Indian film producer, director, screen writer in Telugu cinema.
 He is the younger brother of erstwhile matinee idol, N. T. Rama Rao, and the co-owner of "National Art Theater, Madras", a production house under which he has co-produced 40 feature films alongside N. T. Rama Rao.
 He has received four National Film Awards, three Andhra Pradesh state Nandi Awards and two Filmfare Awards South.
Rekha is an Indian film actress who primarily works in Hindi films. Hailed as one of India's finest actresses, she made her debut as a child artist in 1966 and went on to appear in lead roles in the early 1970s.
 Since her debut as a leading actress she has acted in over 180 films.
 Rekha has often portrayed strong female characters, while also acting in some arthouse films besides numerous mainstream cinema.
 She has won four Filmfare Awards; two Best Actress Awards—resulting from seven nominations, one Best Supporting Actress Award—resulting from six nominations, and a Lifetime Achievement Award.
 The first award came in 1981 for the Hrishikesh Mukherjee-directed "Khubsoorat" where she was cast in a comic role.
 Her portrayal of a classical courtesan in "Umrao Jaan" (1981) fetched her the National Film Award for Best Actress in 1982.
 Rekha received her second Filmfare award in 1989 for "Khoon Bhari Maang".
 She portrayed the role of a widow who sets out to take revenge on her lover.
 Her negative role in "Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi" was highly appreciated by the critics and earned her a Filmfare Award in the Best Supporting Actress category.
 In 2003, she was presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award.
 In 2010, Rekha was awarded the Padma Shri, the 4th highest civilian honour in India.
 Other awards won by her include International Indian Film Academy Awards, Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards, Star Screen Awards, Zee Cine Awards, Stardust Awards and Bollywood Movie Awards.
The Filmfare Awards aka Clares are presented annually by The Times Group to honour both artistic and technical excellence of professionals in the Hindi language film industry of India.
 The Filmfare ceremony is one of the oldest film events in India.
 The awards were first introduced in 1954, the same year as the National Film Awards.
 They were initially referred to as the "Clare Awards" or "The Clares" after Clare Mendonca, the editor of "The Times of India".
 A dual voting system was developed in 1956.
 Under this system, in contrast to the National Film Awards, which are decided by a panel appointed by Indian Government, the Filmfare Awards are voted on by both the public and a committee of experts.
The National Film Award for Best Lyrics (the Silver Lotus Award) is an honour presented annually at the National Film Awards by the Directorate of Film Festivals (DFF) to a lyricist who has composed the best song for films produced within the Indian film industry.
 The award was first introduced at the 16th National Film Awards in 1969.
 It was intermittently awarded till the 22nd National Film Awards (1975).
 From then on, no award was presented until the 32nd National Film Awards (1985).
 However, since 1985 every year the award has been presented with the exception of the 34th National Film Awards (1987).
 As of the 62nd National Film Awards (2015), the DFF has presented a total of 36 awards to 24 different lyricists.
Shreya Ghoshal (born 12 March 1984) is an Indian playback singer.
 She has received four National Film Awards, six Filmfare Awards including five for Best Female Playback Singer, nine Filmfare Awards South for Best Female Playback Singer (two for Tamil, four for Malayalam, two for Kannada and one for Telugu), two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards and three Kerala State Film Awards.
 She has recorded songs for film music and albums in various Indian languages and has established herself as a leading playback singer of Indian cinema.
Shreya Ghoshal (born 12 March 1984) is an Indian playback singer.
 She has received four National Film Awards, six Filmfare Awards including five for Best Female Playback Singer, nine Filmfare Awards South for Best Female Playback Singer (two for Kannada, four for Malayalam, two for Tamil and one for Telugu), three Kerala State Film Awards and two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards.
 She has recorded songs for film music and albums in various Indian languages and has established herself as a leading playback singer of Indian cinema.
