Robert Nuttall (1 May 1908 – 10 January 1983) was an English footballer who played as a winger or as a centre forward during his carer.
 Born in Tottington, Lancashire, he began his playing career with his hometown club before joining Football League Third Division North side Nelson in February 1931.
 One of Nelson's final signings as a League club, Nuttall made his debut at left-half in the 2–5 defeat to York City on 21 March 1931.
 He played as a centre forward in the team's following match, a 0–3 defeat away at Rotherham United.
 After two games out of the side, he returned for the 1–3 defeat against Wigan Borough.
 Nuttall made his final Football League appearance on the penultimate match of the 1930–31 season, the 1–5 loss to Wrexham on 25 April 1931.
 At the end of the campaign, Nelson failed their re-election to the League and subsequently joined the Lancashire Combination.
Walter Otto Davis (29 September 1888 – 20 May 1937) was a Welsh professional footballer who played at centre forward for Millwall for ten years in the 1910s.
 He also made five appearances for the Welsh national team.
Fudbalski klub Sarajevo (English: Sarajevo Football Club ) is a Bosnian professional football club based in Sarajevo, the capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina and is one of the most successful clubs in the country.
 Founded on 24 October 1946, FK Sarajevo was the most successful club from SR Bosnia in former SFR Yugoslavia, winning two Yugoslav First League titles, being runners-up on two other occasions and finishing 6th in that competition's all-time table.
 The club's official colours are maroon and white.
 FK Sarajevo was the only major football club founded by the post-war Yugoslav authorities in the city of Sarajevo.
 The club entered the Yugoslav First League in the 1948–49 season, and eventually competed in all but two seasons in the top tier.
 After Bosnia and Herzegovina gained independence from Yugoslavia, FK Sarajevo became one the country's biggest ambassadors, departing on a large world tour during the Bosnian war with the goal of gaining international support for the country's cause.
William Morton was an English footballer who played as a centre forward.
 Most likely born in Northumberland, he played the majority of his career in local-league football but also had spells in The Football League.
 Morton played for Bedlington P.M. and Newbiggin West End before joining Third Division North side Durham City in 1927.
 However, he was unable to break into the first-team and did not make a senior appearance for the club.
 He left Durham the following year and returned to non-League football with Craghead United.
 In January 1929, Morton was signed by Third Division North outfit Nelson, initially as an amateur.
 He scored twice on his debut in the 4–1 win against Stockport County on 22 January and was awarded a professional contract the following month.
 He went on to score three goals in eight League appearances for Nelson, but he was unable to displace Bernard Radford as the club's first-choice centre forward, and was not retained at the end of the 1928–29 season.
King's College Hospital RFC is an open rugby union club founded in the 19th century as a football club whose representatives were made up of medics from King's College Hospital.
 In its original form it was one of the twenty-one founding members of the Rugby Football Union, and produced a number of international players in the sport's early international fixtures.
 The merging of King's College Hospital medical department in 1999 with the already merged Guy's Hospital and St Thomas' Hospital led to the creation of Guy's, Kings and St. Thomas' Rugby Football Club, an amalgam of three formerly distinct hospital rugby clubs each with a long history.
 King's College Hospital Rugby Football Club opted to remain a separate entity in so doing became an open rugby club that no longer represented the Hospital medics.
Walter Otto "Wally" Dreyer (February 25, 1923September 27, 2002) was a professional American football defensive back/halfback in the National Football League.
 He played for the Chicago Bears (1949) and the Green Bay Packers (1950).
 He later served as head coach of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee Panthers football team.
Milton Keynes Dons Football Club (usually abbreviated to MK Dons) is a professional association football club based in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England, founded in 2004.
 The club was formed from Wimbledon F.C. after the latter had relocated to Milton Keynes.
 The club renamed itself as the 'Milton Keynes Dons' but subsequently considers itself to be a new club founded in 2004 (the club badge includes MMIV - Roman Numerals for 2004).
 They continued in Wimbledon's league place which, after relegation in the previous season, was in the 2004–05 Football League One.
 After two seasons in the third tier of English football they were relegated to the fourth tier (League Two).
 They were promoted in their second League Two season, as champions.
 Their second spell in League One lasted seven seasons, when in 2015, they finished in second place and therefore moved up to the Football League Championship.
 However in 2016, they were relegated back down to League One.
Thomas Pickering (born 1906, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward.
 Born in Egremont, Cumberland, he started his career playing local league football with his hometown club, before joining Football League Third Division North side Nelson as an amateur on 1 January 1927.
 He made his debut for the club on the same day, deputising for the injured regular centre forward Jimmy Hampson in the 3–0 win against Wrexham at Seedhill.
 Pickering was awarded a professional contract five days later, and remained at Nelson for a further two months but he did not make another senior appearance for the Lancashire club and returned to Egremont in March 1927.
 His stay was brief, however, as he transferred to nearby Parton Athletic in the summer of the same year.
Yarraville Football Club was an Australian rules football club founded in 1903 and played in the VJFA until 1927.
 In 1928, the club joined the Victorian Football Association where it played until 1984 when the club went into recess.
 In 1996, the Kingsville Football Club in the Western Region Football League who by this time had taken over the Yarraville ground changed their name to Yarraville.
 In 2007 the Yarraville Football Club merged with the Seddon Football Club to become the Yarraville Seddon Eagles.
Nogometni Klub Branik Maribor (English: Branik Maribor Football Club ), known as NK Branik or simply Branik, was an association football club based in the city of Maribor.
 Founded on 29 January 1949 they traced their origin back to 1919 and the establishment of I. SSK Maribor (Slovene: "1.
 Slovenski Športni Klub Maribor" , English: 1.
 Slovene Sports Club Maribor ), an association football club founded by Slovenian youth which ceased all operations due to World War II.
 NK Branik was disbanded on 11 August 1960 due to the food poisoning affair before their promotional qualifications match for the Yugoslav Second League against Karlovac.
 The club colours were black and white.
