Chris Owen (born September 25, 1980) is an American actor and photographer.
 He is best known for his role as The Sherminator in the "American Pie film franchise", appearing in "American Pie", "American Pie 2", "" and "American Reunion".
 Aside from Eugene Levy, he is the only actor from the theatrical features to appear in the ""American Pie Presents:"" direct-to-video spin-off movies.
Loni Rose (born 1976/77) is a U.S. singer-songwriter from Seattle, Washington.
 Outside of the Pacific Northwest she is perhaps best known for her appearances on the soundtracks of over twenty films and television shows, including "American Pie", "Providence", "Roswell", "Jack & Jill", MTV's "Road Rules", and "Life Without Dick".
Charlene Amoia is an American actress best known for her role as Wendy the waitress in the TV sitcom "How I Met Your Mother".
 Some of her other television credits include "Glee and" Diana Coto on "Switched at Birth", and her film credits include Kevin's (Thomas Ian Nicholas) wife Elllie in "American Reunion" (2012) from the "American Pie" series.
Natasha Bianca Lyonne Braunstein (born April 4, 1979), better known as Natasha Lyonne, is an American actress.
 She is best known for her role as Jessica in the "American Pie" film series.
 Her other films include "Everyone Says I Love You," "Slums of Beverly Hills," and "But I'm a Cheerleader".
 She portrays Nicky Nichols in the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black," for which she received a nomination for the 2014 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series.
American Pie is the second studio album by the American singer-songwriter Don McLean, released by United Artists Records on 24 October 1971.
 The folk/rock album reached number one on the Billboard 200, containing the chart-topping singles "American Pie" and "Vincent."
 Recorded in May and June 1971 at The Record Plant in New York City, the original 1971 LP is dedicated to Buddy Holly, and was reissued in 1980 minus the track "Sister Fatima".
 The album was released to much acclaim, later being included in the book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die".
Zide/Perry Productions is an American independent film production company.
 The company was founded by Craig Perry and Warren Zide and is best known for having created the "Final Destination", "Cats & Dogs" and "American Pie" film series.
Alyson Lee Hannigan (born March 24, 1974) is an American actress.
 She is best known for her roles as Willow Rosenberg on the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (1997–2003), Lily Aldrin on the sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" (2005–2014), and Michelle Flaherty in the "American Pie" film series (1999–2012).
Jason Matthew Biggs (born May 12, 1978) is an American actor and comedian best known for his roles as Jim Levenstein in the "American Pie" comedy film series, and Larry Bloom in the Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black".
 He also starred in "Loser" and "Saving Silverman".
 Biggs initially gained recognition from his role in the soap opera "As the World Turns", for which he was nominated for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series in 1995.
Donald McLean III (born October 2, 1945) is an American singer-songwriter best known for "American Pie", an RIAA "Song of the Century" (position 5 of 25), about the changes in American society from the late 1950s to the early 1970s, through metaphorical references to the music industry during those years.
 The 1971 album of the same name also includes "Vincent", about the painter Van Gogh.
On February 3, 1959, rock and roll musicians Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens, and J. P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson were killed in a plane crash near Clear Lake, Iowa, together with pilot Roger Peterson.
 The event later became known as "The Day the Music Died", after singer-songwriter Don McLean so referred to it in his 1971 song "American Pie".
