Ocean Park Halloween Bash (海洋公園哈囉喂) is an annual Halloween event held by Ocean Park Hong Kong.
 It contains haunted attractions and shows, the park area is decorated with Halloween decorations and full of Halloween characters that are dressed up by the officials.
 The Halloween Bash in Ocean Park started in 2001 and it held during late September to 1 November each year.
 It has changed to All-Day-and-Night Halloween Celebration in 2013.
Ruth Todd is an award-winning Salt Lake City television news anchor.
 She most recently worked in television for KTVX ABC4.
 Todd joined the ABC4 news team in December 2001, but first appeared on-air April 15, 2002 as the station's lead female anchor.
 Her last newscast was February 28, 2007, after her five-year contract expired.
Underfist: Halloween Bash (otherwise known as Underfist) is an American animated spin-off special of "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy".
 It aired on October 12, 2008.
 The special was going to be the setup for a new series spin-off of "Grim & Evil", but the contract of Maxwell Atoms with Cartoon Network expired before moving to Disney Channel for the TV series "Fish Hooks" and the special was ultimately the finale of the "Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy" franchise.
Temptation was an Australian game show which premiered on the Nine Network on 30 May 2005.
 Hosted by Ed Phillips and Livinia Nixon, the show was a remake of "Sale of the Century", which aired on Nine in the same timeslot for more than twenty years between 1980 and 2001.
 "Temptation" had the same general format of its predecessor, but with several new features and a de-emphasis on the "shopping" aspects of the endgame.
 The show ran until 30 November 2007, when it was placed on hiatus by the network following strong competition from game show "Deal or No Deal" on the rival Seven Network; during the hiatus, Nine filled the timeslot with episodes of the American sitcom "Two and a Half Men".
 When Ed Phillips made an appearance on "The NRL Footy Show" he announced "maybe summer" would be the return of the show.
 This statement was accurate, as "Temptation" returned for a shortened fourth series from 1 December 2008 with unaired episodes which were recorded during 2008.
 During that time, Ed Phillips was dumped by the Nine Network after his contract expired in November, and "Temptation" never returned to the schedule.
 After 23 January 2009, when the show's final episode aired, all "Temptation" websites were removed, and "Two and a Half Men" returned to Channel Nine's 7:00pm schedule.
HitRadio Veronica is a Dutch radio station that broadcasts over the internet.
 On December 27, 2006 at 12:00pm TMF Radio was officially launched.
 TMF Radio until October 1, 2008 had a partnership between Sky Radio Group (Sienna Holding BV) and MTV Networks Benelux (TMF) and transmitted mostly hits from the cable frequency of Hitradio BV, which was acquired permanently in the spring of 2007 by Sky Radio Group and MTV Networks BV.
 MTV Networks has split on October 1, 2008 from TMF Radio and since then Sky Radio Group is the sole owner of the station, which now bears the name HitRadio Veronica.
 On January 3, 2011 the station ceased to listen to the broadcasts via cable and since the station is only through Internet.
Hartley turned professional with Wits University at age 16.
 He moved abroad for spells with Vitória de Setúbal in the Primeira Liga and Lens in Ligue 1.
 He returned to South Africa where he played for Seven Stars, Orlando Pirates, Moroka Swallows, Ajax Cape Town, Jomo Cosmos and Maritzburg United.
 Hartley finished his career with Sarawak FA in the Malaysia Super League, and retired after he contract expired in February 2008.
Timothy Francis Leary (October 22, 1920 – May 31, 1996) was an American psychologist and writer known for advocating the exploration of the therapeutic potential of psychedelic drugs under controlled conditions.
 Leary conducted experiments under the Harvard Psilocybin Project during American legality of LSD and psilocybin, resulting in the Concord Prison Experiment and the Marsh Chapel Experiment.
 Leary's colleague, Richard Alpert (Ram Dass), was fired from Harvard University on May 27, 1963 for giving psilocybin to an undergraduate student.
 Leary was planning to leave Harvard when his teaching contract expired in June, the following month.
 He was fired, for "failure to keep classroom appointments", with his pay docked on April 30.
 National illumination as to the effects of psychedelics did not occur until after the Harvard scandal.
Igor Musa (born 18 October 1973, Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a former central midfielder.
 He went to Hajduk from Slaven Belupo in the summer of 2006 and then to AEL Limassol in July 2007.
 He was in Hajduk previously in 2001/2002.
 At end of the season his contract expired and he left.
 He played for some Spanish clubs before returning to Croatia.
Julian Kern (born December 28, 1989) is a German former road bicycle racer.
 Kern previously competed for the during the 2012 season, before joining Ag2r–La Mondiale on a two-year contract from the 2013 season onwards.
 In November 2014, Kern retired from cycling when his contract expired and he was unable to find a new team.
Color Rhapsodies was a series of usually one-shot animated cartoon shorts produced by Charles Mintz for Columbia Pictures.
 They were launched in 1934, following the phenomenal success of Walt Disney's Technicolor "Silly Symphonies".
 Because of Disney's exclusive rights to the full three strip Technicolor process, "Color Rhapsodies" were produced in the older two-tone Technicolor process until 1935, when Disney's exclusive contract expired.
