Don't Stop Believin': Everyman's Journey is a 2012 American documentary film of the band Journey and its new lead vocalist Arnel Pineda.
Eclipse (sometimes stylized as ECL1P53) is the 14th studio album by American rock band, Journey, and the second with Filipino lead singer, Arnel Pineda.
 Penned by Neal Schon and Jonathan Cain with contributions from Pineda, the album was released in the United States and Canada on 24 May 2011, on 27 May 2011 in Japan, in the United Kingdom on 30 May 2011, and internationally on 3 June 2011.
 It is the last album to feature drummer Deen Castronovo.
Brother Clyde is the debut studio album from alternative rock group Brother Clyde.
 It is the first side-project from country music singer Billy Ray Cyrus.
 The album features duets with Cyrus' son Trace Cyrus as well as Dolly Parton, who Cyrus said "wanted to rock."
 It was released on August 10, 2010.
 Its first single, "Lately", which features rapper King Phaze, was issued to digital retailers on June 29, 2010, and a music video, which was directed by Cyrus, was released for the song in July 2010.
"After All These Years" is a power ballad by the band Journey, the first single from their 2008 album "Revelation".
 It peaked at No. 9 on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart on September 20, 2008, giving the band their first top-ten hit in twelve years.
 It stayed on the chart for over 23 weeks.
 This is the first single from Journey to feature lead vocalist Arnel Pineda.
Zoology is the debut studio album by The Zoo and their only album with vocalist Arnel Pineda (current singer for Journey).
 Two singles have been hits in the Philippines since the album was released in September 2007: "Gimik" and "Pain In My Heart" (originally recorded by the band Second Wind).
 The album was released in the US in January of 2008.
Revelation is the thirteenth studio album by American rock band Journey, and their first with lead singer Arnel Pineda.
 It features 11 new songs ("Faith in the Heartland" was previously recorded with Steve Augeri), 11 re-recorded greatest hits (all featuring Pineda) and a DVD (North American version only) featuring the current lineup's March 8, 2008 concert in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Three singles penned by Neal Schon and Jonathan Cain were released to radio: the distinctively Journey-sounding "Never Walk Away," "Where Did I Lose Your Love," and the power ballads "After All These Years."
 and "Where Did I Lose Your Love" both found success on the adult contemporary charts.
 "Where Did I Lose Your Love" peaked at No. 19, while "After All These Years" peaked at No. 9 on "Billboard"'s Adult Contemporary chart and stayed on the charts for over 23 weeks.
Arnel Pineda is the first studio album by vocalist Arnel Pineda, several years before he became the lead singer of Journey (former lead singer of The Zoo).
 Released in 1999 on the Warner Bros. record label, the album was a success in the Philippines where two singles achieved radio play: "Iiyak Ka Rin" and "Sayang".
 The album was re-released on iTunes for download (catalog no. 398429923-4).
The Eclipse Tour is a concert tour by American rock band Journey.
 It was in support of the group's fourteenth studio album "Eclipse".
 The album is Arnel Pineda's second since joining the band in 2007.
 Special guests on the 2011 tour include Foreigner and Night Ranger for most of the North American dates, Styx for the European dates, and Sweet for South American dates.
 The tour was the sixth top-grossing concert tour from July 23, 2011 to September 23, 2011 bringing in over $21 million and selling over 900,000 tickets.
 For the 2012 U.S. tour, special guests were Pat Benatar and Loverboy, and the guests for the 2013 tour were Deep Purple for the Australian dates, and Whitesnake for the European dates.
 For the 2014–2015 tour, the Steve Miller Band co-headlined.
 The 2016 tour saw the band play with The Doobie Brothers, as well as signal the return of "classic" drummer Steve Smith after longtime drummer Deen Castronovo was fired from the group.
 The 2017 tour will have Asia co-headline, and also included the band's induction and performance at their induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
 This tour is also the longest-running in the entire history of the band.
The Revelation Tour was a concert tour by American rock band Journey.
 It is the first tour with new lead singer Arnel Pineda in support of the group's latest album "Revelation".
 Before the tour started the album sold upwards of 196,000 copies.
 The first leg of the tour came in as the eighth top-grossing concert of 2008 according to Pollstar.
 It also helped to launch the album "Revelation" into platinum status.
Live in Manila is a two-disc video disc set by American rock band Journey, released October 2, 2009 exclusively through Walmart in North America.
 Filmed with RED technology in 4K resolution, the disc captures the band's concert in Pasay City, Philippines.
 Performing more than two hours of material, including newer songs from the band's latest album, "Revelation", "Live In Manila" documents the homecoming of the band's current lead vocalist, Arnel Pineda.
