Sportverein Werder Bremen von 1899 e. V. (] ), commonly known as Werder Bremen, is a German sports club located in Bremen in the northwest German federal state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen.
 The club was founded in 1899 and has grown to 40,400 members.
 It is best known for its association football team.
The City Municipality of Bremen (German: "Stadtgemeinde Bremen" , ] ) is a Hanseatic city in northwestern Germany, which belongs to the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen (also called just "Bremen" for short), a federal state of Germany.
The Bremen-Liga, sometimes also referred to as "Oberliga Bremen", is the fifth tier of the German football league system and the highest league in the German state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen.
 It is one of fourteen Oberligas in German football, the fifth tier of the German football league system.
This article provides a list of people from the city of Bremen.
 Bremen is H anseatic city in northwestern Germany, which belongs to the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen (also called just "Bremen" for short), a federal state of Germany.
The Free Hanseatic City of Bremen, which is one of the states of Germany, is governed by the Senate of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen.
 The senate is chaired by the President of the Senate, who is the head of government of the city-state.
 The President of the Senate and another member of the senate both hold the title Mayor ("Bürgermeister").
The 2017–18 SV Werder Bremen season is the 119th season in the football club's history and 37th consecutive and 54th overall season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, having been promoted from the 2.
 Bundesliga Nord in 1981.
 In addition to the domestic league, Werder Bremen also are participating in this season's edition of the domestic cup, the DFB-Pokal.
 This is the 71st season for Bremen in the Weser-Stadion, located in Bremen, Free Hanseatic City of Bremen, Germany.
 The season covers a period from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018.
Jens Böhrnsen (born 12 June 1949) is a German politician of the SPD.
 From 2005 to 2015, he has served as the President of the Senate and Mayor of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen, that is, the head of government of the city-state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen.
 From 1 November 2009 until 31 October 2010 he was President of the Bundesrat and "ex officio" deputy to the President of Germany.
 Because of that he was acting head of state of Germany after the resignation of President Horst Köhler on 31 May 2010 and before the election of Christian Wulff as Köhler's successor on 30 June 2010.
 After voting for the SPD losses of more than five percentage points in the state election on May 10, 2015 Böhrnsen declared the next day that he would retire as head of government.
 His successor in the office of the Bremen government was Carsten Sieling, who was officially nominated on 18 May 2015 by the Bremen SPD.
The flag of Bremen (used by both the city of Bremen and the state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen) consists of at least eight equal horizontal stripes of red alternating with white, and checked at the hoist.
 It is colloquially known as "Speckflagge" (bacon flag).
 The civil flag does not contain the coat of arms.
The Senate of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen (German: Senat der Freien Hansestadt Bremen) is the government of the German city-state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen.
 Various senate-like institutions have existed in Bremen since medieval times.
 The modern-day Senate is headed by a President, elected by the Parliament of Bremen, and the President's deputy, elected by the Senate.
 Both officials hold the title of Mayor.
 The position of President of the Senate corresponds to the position of Minister-President in most other states of Germany, while the senators are cabinet members similarly to ministers in other states.
The Bombing of Bremen in World War II by the British Royal Air Force and US Eighth Air Force targeted strategic targets in the state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen, which had heavy anti-aircraft artillery but only 35 fighter aircraft in the area.
 In addition to Wesermünde/Bremerhaven, targets were also in Farge and Vegesack.
 Bremen also included concentration camps such as Bremen-Farge and Bremen-Vegesack.
 The city of Bremen was captured in April 1945.

