The Houston Rockets are an American professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas.
 The team plays in the Southwest Division of the Western Conference in National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The team was established in 1967, and played in San Diego, California for four years before being moved to Houston.
 In the Rockets debut season, they won only 15 games.
 However, after drafting Elvin Hayes first overall in the 1969 NBA Draft, they made their first appearance in the playoffs in 1969.
 After Hayes was traded, Moses Malone was acquired to replace him.
 Malone won two MVPs during his time in Houston, and he led the Rockets to the conference finals in his first year with the team.
 He also took the Rockets to the NBA Finals in 1981, but they were defeated in six games by the Boston Celtics.
 In 1984, the Rockets drafted Hakeem Olajuwon, who led them to the 1986 Finals in his second year, where they lost again to Boston.
 In the next seven seasons, they lost in the first round of the playoffs five times.
 They won their first NBA championship in 1994, led by Olajuwon, who won Finals MVP.
 They repeated as champions the next year, and Olajuwon won Finals MVP once again.
 To date, the Rockets have not advanced to the finals again.
 The Rockets missed the playoffs from 1999–2003, and did not make the playoffs again until after they drafted Yao Ming in 2002.
 Since then, the Rockets have had a winning season in all but two of the next 14 seasons and, led by James Harden, advanced to the conference finals in 2015.
The 2013–14 Miami Heat season was the franchise's 26th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 They entered the season as two-time defending NBA champions (third overall), and three-time defending Eastern Conference champions, the fourth and final season playing with the "Big Three" of Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, and Chris Bosh, and the sixth season under head coach Erik Spoelstra.
 In a rematch of the previous year's Eastern Conference Finals, the Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers in six games to become the first team to win four consecutive Eastern Conference championships since the 1986–87 Boston Celtics capped a Boston-dominant string going back to the 1983–84 season.
 Miami's quest for a three-peat ended when the San Antonio Spurs, whom they would meet again in a rematch of last year's NBA Finals and defeated in seven games, won the NBA Finals by a 4–1 margin.
 Following the season, LeBron left the Heat to rejoin the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Miami Heat are a professional basketball team based in Miami, Florida that competes in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The Heat were formed in 1988 as an expansion franchise along with the Charlotte Hornets; as of 2017, they are the only new franchise of the past generation to win any NBA titles.
 The Heat and the Orlando Magic are the two NBA franchises that are located in the state of Florida.
 Since entering the league, Miami has fielded squads that have made the playoffs 19 out of 28 seasons, captured 12 division titles, five conference titles and three NBA Championships.
 They defeated the Dallas Mavericks in the 2006 NBA Finals, the Oklahoma City Thunder in the 2012 NBA Finals, and the San Antonio Spurs in the 2013 NBA Finals.
The 2012 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on February 26, 2012 at 7:30 p.m. EST at the Amway Center in Orlando, Florida, home of the Orlando Magic.
 This game was the 61st edition of the National Basketball Association (NBA) All-Star Game and was played during the 2011–12 NBA season.
 The Orlando Magic were awarded the All-Star Game in an announcement by commissioner David Stern on May 4, 2010.
 This was also the second time that Orlando has hosted the All-Star Game; the city had previously hosted the event in 1992 in the Orlando Arena, the Magic's previous home arena.
 This game also marked the first time an Eastern Conference city hosted an All-Star game since Atlanta in 2003.
 Despite the 2011 NBA lockout, which reduced the regular season to sixty-six games on a condensed schedule, the All-Star Game took place as scheduled.
 The Western Conference team defeated the Eastern Conference team 152–149.
Anthony Mark Johnson (born October 2, 1974) is an American former professional basketball player who last played with the Orlando Magic of the NBA.
 At 6'3" (1.91 m), he played the point guard position.
 He found success in pro basketball, becoming the first NBA D-League player to participate in an NBA Finals.
 A native of Charleston, South Carolina, Johnson played college basketball at the College of Charleston and was drafted in the NBA in 1997.
The 2010–11 Dallas Mavericks season was the 31st season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The Mavericks won the NBA Championship after defeating the Miami Heat in 6 games in the 2011 NBA Finals.
 The Mavs playoff run came with a 6-game first round series against the Portland Trail Blazers, a series in which the Mavericks blew a 23-point lead in Game 4, but still won the series.
 In the conference semi-finals, the Mavericks run was motivated with a sweep of the champions of the previous two seasons, the Los Angeles Lakers.
 The series against the Lakers also became the birth of the Mavericks Royal Blue-Out games in the AAC, with almost all fans wearing T-shirts that read "The Time is Now".
 In the Western Conference Finals against the Oklahoma City Thunder, the Mavericks won the last 3 games winning by 4th quarter comebacks, to win their second Western Conference Championship, and a trip to the NBA Finals for the first time since 2006, with a rematch against the Heat.
 Following a disappointing Game 1, the Mavericks pulled the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history in Game 2 to even the series at 1 game each.
 After a loss in Game 3, the Mavericks won the last two games in Dallas to take a 3–2 series lead heading to Game 6 in Miami.
 The Mavericks won their first NBA Championship in Game 6 to clinch the first major sports championship in the Dallas-Fort Worth area since the Dallas Stars in 1999, and the first title in Mavericks franchise history.
 The Mavericks are the third team to win an NBA title in the state of Texas, joining the Houston Rockets and San Antonio Spurs.
 The Mavericks are also the third team to win a major sports championship in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, joining the Dallas Cowboys' five Super Bowl titles and the Dallas Stars' only Stanley Cup, leaving the Texas Rangers as the only team to not win a major sports title in the area, as they have not won the World Series.
 The Mavericks championship parade was held on June 16, 2011 in downtown Dallas.
The 2009 NBA Finals was the National Basketball Association (NBA)'s championship series for the 2008–09 season.
 The best-of-seven playoff was contested between the Western Conference champion Los Angeles Lakers (who were also the defending Western Conference champions), and the Eastern Conference champion Orlando Magic.
 The Lakers defeated the Magic, four games to one, to win the franchise's 15th NBA championship.
 The 63rd edition of the championship series was played between June 4 and June 14 and was broadcast on U.S. television on ABC.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Orlando Magic.
 The Orlando Magic are an American professional basketball team based in Orlando, Florida.
 They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The team was established in 1989.
 The Magic have not won an NBA title, but have appeared in the NBA Finals twice, in 1995 and 2009.
 The best record posted by the Magic was 60–22, in the 1995–96 season, and their worst record was 18–64, in the team's inaugural season.
The 2012–13 Miami Heat season was the franchise's 25th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 They came into the season as the defending NBA champions, back-to-back Eastern Conference champions, the third season playing with the "Big Three" of Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, and Chris Bosh, and the fifth season under head coach Erik Spoelstra.
 During the season, the Heat embarked on a 27-game winning streak, which still ranks as the 3rd longest winning streak in a single season in NBA history.
 On June 3, 2013, the Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers in game seven of the Eastern Conference Finals to become the first team since the Chicago Bulls in 1998 to Three-peat as Eastern Conference champions.
 The Heat then defeated the San Antonio Spurs in an NBA Finals that went the full seven games, handing the Spurs their very first loss in the NBA Finals, and with this victory in the NBA Finals, it echoed the 1997-98 Bulls as they had also been the last Eastern team to repeat as NBA champions.
The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California.
 They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The Lakers' franchise was founded in 1947 in Detroit, Michigan before moving to Minneapolis, Minnesota, where the team got its official title from the state's nickname, "Land of 10,000 Lakes".
 The Minneapolis Lakers won five NBA Finals before relocating to Los Angeles in the 1960–61 NBA season, becoming the first West Coast team in league history.
 In the 1960s, the Lakers reached the NBA Finals six times, but lost every series to the Boston Celtics, beginning their long and storied rivalry.
 In 1972, with future Hall of Famers Wilt Chamberlain, Gail Goodrich, and Jerry West, the Lakers compiled a 33-game winning streak, the longest streak in U.S. professional team sports, and won their sixth title under coach Bill Sharman.
 The Lakers' popularity soared in the 1980s when they won five additional championships during a nine-year span with the help of Hall of Famers Magic Johnson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, James Worthy and coach Pat Riley, the franchise's all-time leader in both regular season and playoff games coached and wins.
 Two of those championships during that span were against their arch-rivals, the Boston Celtics.
 With the team of Shaquille O'Neal, Kobe Bryant, Toby Tincher, and Hall of Fame coach Phil Jackson, the Lakers played in four of the first five NBA Finals of the 21st century; winning three consecutively from 2000 to 2002, and losing the fourth in 2004.
 The Lakers would then conclude the decade with three straight Finals appearances; losing to the Boston Celtics in 2008 but then prevailing with back-to-back championships against the Orlando Magic in 2009 and the Boston Celtics in 2010.
 The 2010 championship marks the 16th NBA championship in Lakers franchise history.
