Piccadilly ( ) is a road in the City of Westminster, London to the south of Mayfair, between Hyde Park Corner in the west and Piccadilly Circus in the east.
 It is part of the A4 road that connects central London to Hammersmith, Earl's Court, Heathrow Airport and the M4 motorway westward.
 St James's is to the south of the eastern section, while the western section is built up only on the northern side.
 At just under 1 mi in length, Piccadilly is one of the widest and straightest streets in central London.
Turnham Green is a London Underground station in Chiswick of the London Borough of Hounslow, west London.
 The station is served by the District and Piccadilly lines although currently Piccadilly line trains normally only stop at the station at the beginning and end of the day, running through non-stop at other times.
 To the east, District line trains stop at Stamford Brook and Piccadilly line trains stop at Hammersmith .
 To the west, District line trains run to either Chiswick Park or Gunnersbury and Piccadilly line trains stop at Acton Town .
 The station is in both Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3.
Sebastian Lewis Shaw (29 May 1905 – 23 December 1994) was an English actor, director, novelist, playwright and poet.
 During his 65-year career, he appeared in dozens of stage performances and more than 40 film and television productions.
Ozzfest 2002 is a live recording of Ozzfest 2002.
 It was recorded during the concert in Boston, and has the Main Stage performances of Hard rock and other similar style bands as System of a Down, Rob Zombie and Adema.
 The Album also has performances of Second Stage bands such as Meshuggah and SOiL.
Marilyn McIntyre (born May 23, 1949) is an American television and film actress.
 She has had contract (series regular) roles in the television series "Watch Over Me", "Days of Our Lives", "One Life to Live", "Loving", and "Search for Tomorrow", and recurring guest star roles on "LA Law", "Judging Amy", "", "General Hospital", "The Young and the Restless", and "Ryan's Hope".
 Ms. McIntyre has had guest star roles on numerous television series including "Chicago Hope", "The X-Files", "Dark Skies", among several others, and her film appearances include the recent hit of several shorts film festivals, "Into the Unknown", starring opposite her real-life significant other, James Harper; the smash-hit short, "George Lucas in Love"; "First Daughter", "What's Bugging Seth" (2005), "The Ring Two" (2005), and several others.
 She has a varied background in theatre/stage performances and has appeared in leading roles on Broadway, Off & Off Off Broadway and in many of the country's leading regional theatres, including the Arena Stage (Washington, DC), Mark Taper Forum, South Coast Repertory, Houston's Alley Theatre, Missouri Rep, Walnut Street Theatre, and many others.
 She received her training (BFA Degree) at the North Carolina School of the Arts, and her MFA in the graduate program at Pennsylvania State University.
 Ms. McIntyre is an acting teacher and coach, currently teaching at California State University Northridge, North Carolina's Elon University summer program, "Elon in LA: Climing the LAdder", and the private Howard Fine Acting Studio and Ted Brunetti Studio, both in Hollywood.
 McIntyre was born in Erie, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Jeanne Ellen (née Corzilius) and Roger McIntyre, an aeronautical engineer.
Barons Court is a London Underground station in West Kensington of the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, Greater London.
 This station serves the District line and the Piccadilly line.
 Barons Court is between West Kensington and Hammersmith on the District line, and between Earl's Court and Hammersmith on the Piccadilly line and is in Travelcard Zone 2.
 East of the station, the Piccadilly line descends into tunnel towards Earl's Court and the District line continues in a cutting to West Kensington.
 The station is the last open air stop for eastbound trains on the Piccadilly line until Arnos Grove and has cross-platform interchange with the District line.
 The station is in a deep brick sided cutting.
Arnos Grove is a London Underground station located in Arnos Grove in the London Borough of Enfield, London.
 It is on the Piccadilly line between Bounds Green and Southgate stations and is in Travelcard Zone 4.
 The station opened on 19 September 1932 as the most northerly station on the first section of the Piccadilly line extension from Finsbury Park to Cockfosters.
 It was the terminus of the line until services were further extended to Oakwood on 13 March 1933.
 When travelling from east of Barons Court and through Central London, Arnos Grove is the first surface station after the long tunnel section of the Piccadilly line.
 The station has four platforms which face three tracks.
The Woody Guthrie Folk Festival is held annually in mid-July to commemorate the life and music of Woody Guthrie.
 The festival is held on the weekend closest to July 14 - the date of Guthrie's birth - in Guthrie's hometown of Okemah, Oklahoma.
 Daytime main stage performances are held indoors at the Brick Street Cafe and the Crystal Theater.
 Evening main stage performances are held outdoors at the Pastures of Plenty.
 The festival is planned and implemented annually by the Woody Guthrie Coalition, a non-profit corporation, whose goal is simply to ensure Guthrie's musical legacy.
Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits (also known as Bobby Joe Ebola) are an American acoustic folk-rock duo from Pinole, California.
 Formed in 1995, the traditional incarnation of the band consists of vocalist Corbett Redford III and guitarist/vocalist Dan Abbott.
 The duo is often joined onstage and in the studio by numerous musicians and friends for full band stage performances and recordings.
 Early performances featured occasional backup vocals from John Geek, also singer for Fleshies.
 Both Abbott, Redford and Geek were founding members of the indie label S.P.A.M. Records, and co-organizers of Geekfest, a series of free all-ages music festivals held in the late 1990s, begun largely in response to the band's rejection from a then insular East Bay punk scene centered on 924 Gilman.
Donal "Donald" O'Brien (15 September 1930 - 29 November 2003) was a French-born Irish film and television actor.
 In his near 40-year career, O'Brien appeared in dozens of stage performances and in more than 60 film and television productions.
