Jane Alexander (born October 28, 1939) is an American author, actress and former director of the National Endowment for the Arts.
 She is a Tony Award winner and two-time Emmy Award winner.
The Special Tony Award category includes the Lifetime Achievement Award and Special Tony Award.
 These are non-competitive honorary awards, and the titles have changed over the years.
 The Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre is to "honor an individual for the body of his or her work."
 (The Tony Award for Best Special Theatrical Event was a competitive award, given from 2001 to 2009.)
 Another non-competitive Tony award is the Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre, to "recognize the achievements of individuals and organizations that do not fit into any of the competitive categories."
Frances de la Tour (also Frances J. de Lautour, 30 July 1944) is an English actress, known for her role as Miss Ruth Jones in the television sitcom "Rising Damp" from 1974 until 1978.
 She is a Tony Award winner and three-time Olivier Award winner.
Swoosie Kurtz ( , ; born September 6, 1944) is an American actress.
 She is an Emmy Award winner and two-time Tony Award winner.
Stephen Joshua Sondheim ( ; born March 22, 1930) is an American composer and lyricist known for more than a half-century of contributions to musical theatre.
 Sondheim has received an Academy Award, eight Tony Awards (more than any other composer, including a Special Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre), eight Grammy Awards, a Pulitzer Prize, a Laurence Olivier Award, and a 2015 Presidential Medal of Freedom.
 He has been described by Frank Rich of "The New York Times" as "now the greatest and perhaps best-known artist in the American musical theater."
 His best-known works as composer and lyricist include "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum", "Company", "Follies", "A Little Night Music", "Pacific Overtures", "", "Merrily We Roll Along", "Sunday in the Park with George", "Into the Woods", "Assassins", and "Passion".
 He also wrote the lyrics for "West Side Story" and "Gypsy".
serializer.net was an online artist collective that was active from 2002 to 2012.
 Serializer included many well-known award-winning alternative artists like Tom Hart (Xeric Award winner), Eric Millikin (Pulitzer Prize winner), Shaenon K. Garrity (Lulu Award winner), James Kochalka (Eisner Award winner), Dean Haspiel (Emmy Award winner), Howard Cruse (Prix de la critique winner), Chris Onstad (Ignatz Award winner), Nick Bertozzi (Harvey Award winner), and Jen Sorenson (Herblock Prize winner).
 Each artist created, and sometimes collaborated on, serialized webcomics.
Michael C. Flessas (born June 2, 1959 in Miami, Florida), is the birth name of American actor Michael Flessas, who is of Greek ancestry.
 Flessas' most notable film role was "Angry Man" in the Cannes Film Festival 2000 Palme d'Or winning film "Dancer in the Dark" directed by Danish film director Lars von Trier.
 Originally, the director himself considered playing the role but, instead, the role was given to Flessas.
 "Dancer in the Dark" starred Icelandic singer/actress Björk who won the Best Actress award at Cannes for her role.
 French film icon, César Award winner, and Academy Award nominee Catherine Deneuve, and other noteworthy artists such as Academy Award and Tony Award winner Joel Grey, Peter Stormare, David Morse, and Stellan Skarsgård also performed in the multiple prize winning film.
 One of Björk's songs for the film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Song.
A Perfect Future is a two-act play by David Hay, set in 2005.
 The play premiered Off-Broadway at the Cherry Lane Theatre in February 2011.
 The production was directed by Tony Award nominee Wilson Milam ("The Lieutenant of Inishmore").
 A Perfect Future opened on February 17, 2011 following previews beginning on February 4.
 The show was produced by Tony Award winner Andy Sandberg, Whitney Hoagland Edwards, and Neal-Rose Creations.
 The final performance was on Sunday, March 6, 2011, after a run of 35 performances - 13 previews and 22 regular performances.
 This darkly comic, four-character play explores the question of whether two people can be married and truly love each other when their political ideologies are diametrical.
Patti Ann LuPone (born April 21, 1949) is an American actress and singer, best known for her work in stage musicals.
 She is a two-time Grammy Award winner and a two-time Tony Award winner.
 She is also a 2006 American Theater Hall of Fame inductee.
Kular did many films in Punjabi in the 1990s, including "Mirza Sahiban", "Vairee", "Mirza Jatt", "Deson Pardeson", "Jaildaar", "Main Maa Punjab Dee" (National award winner directed by Balwant Dullat), "Pachtawa", and "Ishq Nachavye Gali Gali".
 Her major Hindi films were "Tehkhaana", "Dil Ka Kya Qasoor", "Dhadkan", and "Ikke Pe Ikka".
 She also worked on some TV serials.
 She was last seen in 2006's hit "Mehndi Wale Hath", where she played the role of the evil mother in law.
 She is currently doing two Punjabi films.
 One film is being directed by Sham Ralhan and the other by National Award-winning Director Balwant Dullat.
 She lives in Mumbai.
