The Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians (pronounced "Soo Saint Marie"), commonly shortened to Sault Tribe of Chippewa Indians or the more colloquial Soo Tribe, is a federally recognized Native American tribe in what is now known as Michigan's Upper Peninsula.
 The tribal headquarters is located within the major city in the region, Sault Ste. Marie on the St. Marys River.
Uguressapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka.
 It is located within Central Province.
This is one of the most beautiful places to live and close to the second major city of Sri Lanka,Kandy.
The John Bice Memorial Oval is a public park in the Australian state of South Australia located within the suburb of Christies Beach and which is used by the Christies Beach Football Club and Southern District Cricket Club as their home ground.
Spencer Speedway opened in 1955 and is a 1/2 mile Flat Asphalt Oval located in Williamson, New York.
 The track is owned by John White and is currently NASCAR Sanctioned as part of the Whelen All-American Modified Series.
 The Speedway also has an 1/8 mile drag strip that runs Saturday Night and is NHRA Sanctioned.
Sesklo (Greek: Σέσκλο ) is a village near the city of Volos.
 Volos is located within the municipality of Aisonia.
 Aisonia is located within the regional unit of Magnesia.
 Magnesia is located within the administrative region of Thessaly.
 Thessaly is located within Greece.
Tyler County Speedway is a 1/4 mile dirt oval located in Tyler County, southeast of Middlebourne, West Virginia.
 Located at the Tyler County Fair Grounds, it hostes many large races such as the Hillbilly 100, Earl Hill Memorial, Topless 50, Eaton/Childers 'King of the Ring', Jackpot 100, and the Mega 100.
 Classes currently raced at Tyler County Speedway are Super Late Models, FASTRAK Late Models, EDGE Modifieds, EDGE Hot Mods, Modlites, and Mini Wedges.
The Autódromo Potosino is a half-mile paved oval located near the city of San Luis Potosí in Mexico.
Marquette Mountain is a winter sports area for skiing and snow boarding, located within city limits a few miles south of downtown Marquette, Michigan, the major city in the state's Upper Peninsula.
 In the summer, Marquette Mountain offers activities such as mountain biking, and volleyball.
 The base area's parking lot is adjacent to highway M-553.
Kawartha Speedway is a 3/8 mile paved oval located in Fraserville, Ontario, approximately 10 km southwest of Peterborough.
 The paved track is within the harness racing track, temporary grandstands are brought onto the harness racing tracks surface.
 In 2006, Kawartha Speedway held the final CASCAR Super Series race before it became the NASCAR Canadian Tire Series in 2007.
 Since 2004, Kawartha was the host of the CASCAR Super Series finale.
 Kawartha Speedway held the finale of the inaugural NASCAR Canadian Tire Series Season which was won by Scott Steckly.
 The following year, Jason Hathaway picked up his first ever win, and in 2009 D.J. Kennington won.
Evergreen Speedway is an automobile racetrack located within the confines of the Evergreen State Fairgrounds in Monroe, Washington.
 The stadium can accommodate up to 7500 spectators in the covered grandstand and an additional 7500 in the uncovered modular grandstands.
 The layout of the track is unique in that it incorporates an oversized 5/8-mile paved outer oval, a 3/8-mile paved inner oval, a 1/5-mile paved inner oval, a 1/8-mile dragstrip, and the #2 ranked figure-eight track in the United States.
 The track is the only sanctioned NASCAR track in Washington State.
 Evergreen Speedway hosts Formula D the third weekend in July every year.
 Along with NASCAR, the multi-purpose track can be confirgured to road courses with sanctioned SCCA, USAC, ASA and NSRA events.
 Under new ownership for the 2011 season and beyond, Evergreen Speedway has become a NASCAR Top Ten Short Track in North America from 2012 though 2016.
