The Philadelphia Baseball Wall of Fame is a collection of plaques, mounted on a brick wall in the Ashburn Alley section of Citizens Bank Park, the ballpark of the Philadelphia Phillies.
 From 1978 to 2003, the Phillies inducted one figure from their franchise history and one notable person from the Philadelphia Athletics (A's) organization each year—with the exception of 1983, when the Phillies inducted their Centennial Team.
 Once Veterans Stadium closed in 2003, the wall plaques used to recognize the Phillies' members were moved to Citizens Bank Park; however, the Phillies no longer induct notable Athletics.
 Each person inducted into the Wall of Fame was honored with a metal plaque showing the person's face; their position with, and years of service to, the team; and a summary of their most important contributions.
 In March 2004, the Athletics' plaques were relocated to the Philadelphia Athletics Historical Society in Hatboro, Pennsylvania, and a single plaque listing all of the A's inductees was attached to a statue of Connie Mack located across the street from Citizens Bank Park.
The Louden Monorail System in the Auto Repair Shop, also known as McGuire Motor Company and Crandall's Electric Service, is a historic structure located in Fairfield, Iowa, United States.
 The monorail system is located in a former auto repair shop along an alley between East Broadway Avenue and East Briggs Avenue.
 It is the rear, single-story, portion of the building at 117 E. Broadway Ave where the system is located.
 The storefront portion of the building, also historically associated with the automobile industry, is a two-story brick building built on a stone foundation.
 The east side of the central business district in Fairfield had become the center for automobile related businesses by the 1920s.
 Harley Carter bought this building in 1920, and had the monorail system, manufactured by the Louden Machinery Company, installed about 1922.
 The overhead material handling system is permanently attached to the east wall of the shop.
 It allowed the mechanics to more easily move the heavy engines and other parts to and from vehicles.
 The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
The Market Theater Gum Wall is a brick wall covered in used chewing gum, in an alleyway in downtown Seattle.
 It is located in Post Alley under Pike Place Market.
 Similar to Bubblegum Alley in San Luis Obispo, California, the Market Theater Gum Wall is a local landmark.
 Parts of the wall can be covered several inches thick, 15 feet high for 50 feet.
The Up Your Alley Fair, most commonly referred to by locals as Dore Alley Fair or simply Dore Alley is a leather and fetish event held in San Francisco, California on the last Sunday of July on Folsom Street between 9th and 10th Streets and on Dore Street from Howard Street to half a block southeast of Folsom Street.
 The streets are lined with vendors' booths, and a sound stage (for dancing) is located at the 10th Street end of Folsom Street.
Lower Louviers and Chicken Alley, also known as Louviers and Duck Street, is a historic home located near Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.
 It was built in 1811, and is a two- to three-story, five bay, stuccoed stone dwelling.
 The three center bays project slightly from the main body of the house.
 In 1935, a kitchen wing was added to the other end of the house plus a gated wall and garage.
 The house was owned by the Du Pont family.
 Also on the property is "Chicken Alley," an excellent example of the 19th century workers' row house.
Bubblegum Alley is a tourist attraction in downtown San Luis Obispo, California, known for its accumulation of used bubble gum on the walls of an alley.
 It is a 15 ft high and 70 ft long alley lined with chewed gum left by passers-by.
 It covers a stretch of 20 meters in the 700 block of Higuera Street in downtown San Luis Obispo.
Ouch!
 is a type of sugar-free bubble gum made by the Wm. Wrigley Jr.
 Company under the Hubba Bubba brand name.
 By the 1990s, the gum was available in the flavors of grape, watermelon, and strawberry.
 Each stick of gum was wrapped with paper made to look like a bandage and was packaged in a metallic container similar to that of a bandage box.
 In October 2009, the gum was redesigned to have a new look and packaging, and is now also available in bubblegum flavor.
 Each pack comes with one of a possible twenty collectable games inside.
The Old US 67 Rest Area is a historic roadside rest area in rural Clark County, Arkansas.
 It is located in on the west side of U.S. Route 67 (US 67) and an old paved section formerly designated Highway 51, between the small towns of Curtis and Gum Springs.
 The rest area consists of a semicircular fieldstone retaining wall, which is segmented by six fieldstone pillars.
 A semicircular concrete bench stands facing a fieldstone well.
 The rest area was built five years after US 67 was paved in 1931, by the National Youth Administration, a federal New Deal agency, and the state highway department.
The Digital Media Factory is a multi-media design, production and post-production facility founded by Marty Collins and wife, Ginny Mitchell along with partners Ned Hearn and Brian Critchlow.
 They are located in Santa Cruz, California in the former Wrigley Gum manufacturing facility located at 2809 Mission Street on the west end of Santa Cruz.
Hollywood Star Lanes was a 32-lane bowling alley located on Santa Monica Boulevard in Los Angeles, California.
 Open from 1960 to 2002, the alley was featured in the movies "The Big Lebowski" and "The Big Empty", which was filmed on location over three weeks of the eleven-week filming schedule.
 In 2002, the alley was closed after the Los Angeles Unified School District seized the land by eminent domain, with the goal of building an elementary school at the site.
