Extinction (formerly known as Welcome to Harmony) is a 2015 post-apocalyptic horror film directed by Miguel Ángel Vivas who also co-wrote the screenplay with Alberto Marini from the novel "Y pese a todo" by Juan de Dios Garduño.
 The film stars Matthew Fox, Jeffrey Donovan and Quinn McColgan.
 In a post-apocalypse future, three survivors confront issues from their past, as well as a race of crazed zombies.
 The film was released on July 31, 2015 in the United States.
The Divide is a post-apocalyptic horror film directed by Xavier Gens and written by Karl Mueller and Eron Sheean.
 It stars Michael Biehn, Lauren German, Milo Ventimiglia and Rosanna Arquette.
 "The Divide" was first screened at the SXSW festival in March 2011, then released in theaters in the United States on January 13, 2012 to negative reviews.
 It was released on DVD in the United States on April 17, 2012.
Maggie is a 2015 post-apocalyptic horror drama film directed by Henry Hobson, in his directorial debut, written by John Scott 3, and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Abigail Breslin and Joely Richardson.
 "Maggie" is a dramatic departure for Schwarzenegger, who is better known for his action film roles.
Viman (Tamil: விமான்) is an upcoming Malaysian Tamil supernatural film written & directed by A.M. Kishok, produced by Avaraa Creationz, co-produced by Garuda Utama Production, had musical score by Daddy Shaq and choreographed by Vassan Kumaran.
 Starring Kishok in the lead role with Jasmin Michael.The film revolves around a middle-aged man and the mysterious happenings in him with one objective, one mission and vision.
 The film was set to release on 2016.
28 Days Later is a 2002 British post-apocalyptic horror film directed by Danny Boyle, written by Alex Garland, and starring Cillian Murphy, Naomie Harris, Brendan Gleeson, Megan Burns, and Christopher Eccleston.
 The plot depicts the breakdown of society following the accidental release of a highly contagious virus and focuses upon the struggle of four survivors to cope with the destruction of the life they once knew.
Land of the Dead (also known as George A. Romero's Land of the Dead) is a 2005 post-apocalyptic horror film written and directed by George A. Romero; the fourth of Romero's six "Living Dead" movies, it is preceded by "Night of the Living Dead", "Dawn of the Dead" and "Day of the Dead", and succeeded by "Diary of the Dead" and "Survival of the Dead".
 It was released in 2005, with a budget of $15–19 million, the highest in the series, and became a success, grossing over $46 million.
Andrew James Clutterbuck (born 14 September 1973), better known by his stage name Andrew Lincoln, is an English actor.
 He is most recognised for his portrayal of Rick Grimes, the lead character in the AMC post-apocalyptic horror television series—based on the eponymous comic book series of the same name—"The Walking Dead".
 His first major role was in the BBC drama "This Life", followed by roles such as Simon Casey in the Channel 4 sitcom "Teachers" and Mark in the Christmas-themed romantic comedy film "Love Actually" (2003).
"Bury Me Here" is the thirteenth episode of the seventh season and 96th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead", which aired on AMC on March 12, 2017.
 The episode was written by Scott M. Gimple and directed by Alrick Riley.
The first season of "The Walking Dead", an American post-apocalyptic horror television series on AMC, premiered on October 31, 2010, and concluded on December 5, 2010, consisting of 6 episodes.
 Developed for television by Frank Darabont, who wrote or co-wrote four of the season's six episodes and directed the pilot episode, "Days Gone Bye", the series is based on the eponymous series of comic books by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.
 It was executive produced by Darabont, Kirkman, David Alpert, Charles H. Eglee, and Gale Anne Hurd, with Darabont assuming the role of showrunner.
Remains, also billed as Steve Niles' Remains, is a 2011 post-apocalyptic horror film.
 It depicts a small group of people in a Reno, Nevada casino who have survived a nuclear disaster while the rest of humanity has been turned into flesh eating zombies.
 It was produced by the Chiller Network and is based on the comic book series of the same name.
