Pick-N-Pay Supermarkets was a chain of supermarkets which operated in the Greater Cleveland, Ohio area.
 The company's origin can be traced to the year 1928 and the opening of a small dairy store in Cleveland Heights, Ohio by Edward Silverberg who then expanded his operation and created a chain of such stores which he called Farmview Creamery Stores.
 In 1938, Mr. Silverberg opened a supermarket on E. 185th Street which he called Pick-N-Pay.
 In 1940, he changed the name of all his stores to Pick-N-Pay Supermarkets.
 He grew the chain to a total of 10 stores and in 1951 sold the company to Cook Coffee Company (later, as of 1969, Cook United, Inc.).
 Under Cook Coffee's ownership, the chain continued to grow through expansion and through Pick-N-Pay's acquisition of the Foodtown supermarkets in 1959.
 In 1972, it was sold to a group of private investors led by Julius Kravitz (previously the head of Foodtown).
 who continued the use of the brand for the newly independent company.
 Principal competitors in the Greater Cleveland market were the Fisher-Fazio-Costa, Stop-N-Shop, and Heinen's grocery chains.
Golub Corporation (the parent company of both Market 32 and Price Chopper Supermarkets), operates a chain of supermarkets and is headquartered in Schenectady, New York.
 The chain opened its first supermarkets in New York's Capital District in 1932, and changed its name from Central Market to Price Chopper in 1973.
 On June 2, 2010 Price Chopper dedicated its new headquarters, on Nott Street, in Downtown Schenectady.
Inserra Supermarkets Inc. is a supermarket chain operating in the northeastern United States.
 The company is a member of the Wakefern retailers' cooperative and does business as ShopRite and PriceRite.
 Inserra Supermarkets is headquartered in Mahwah, New Jersey, and operates approximately 22 stores.
 It is a family-owned business and is one of the 500 largest private companies in the United States, according to the 2008 Forbes.com list of America's Largest Private Companies.
 The Chairman and CEO of Inserra Supermarkets is Lawrence R. Inserra Jr.
The Nott Memorial is an elaborate 16-sided stone-masonry building which serves as both architectural and physical centerpiece of Union College in Schenectady, New York.
 Dedicated to Eliphalet Nott, president of Union for a remarkable sixty-two years (1804–1866), the 110 ft high by 89 ft wide structure is a National Historic Landmark.
Triveni Supermarkets is a chain of retail supermarkets operating in the co-operative sector in the state of Kerala, India.
 This system is operated by the Kerala State Co-operative Consumers Federation Limited, which is at large controlled by the Government of Kerala.
 Hence this chain is in principle used as a form of governmental intervention in the retail market in the state to control and limit retail prices.
 As of 2017, there are a total of 229 outlets throughout the state, including some mobile, floating supermarkets, coffeehouses and a noon meal scheme.
Purity Supreme, Inc. was a corporation involved in the operation of supermarkets and other stores.
 From 1984 it was a division of Supermarkets General Holdings Corporation.
 It operated from a headquarters located in North Billerica, Massachusetts.
 At its height, the company operated 64 supermarkets in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Maine, and Connecticut.
 They also operated 63 owned and franchised Li'l Peach convenience stores and 23 drugstores in Massachusetts.
 They also ran the successful Heartland Foods warehouse style supermarket chain.
 In 1984 at the time of the buyout by Supermarkets General, Purity, had an annual sales of $800 million with 28 supermarkets, 13 warehouse stores and 23 drugstores.
 Purity Supreme and Li'l Peach had combined sales of about US$1.3 billion in 1990 before the company was bought out again by Freeman Spogli & Co., an investment firm for about US$300 million, including the acquisition of debt.
Nott Street School is a historic school building located at Schenectady, Schenectady County, New York.
 It was originally built in 1877 as a four room school, with an eight classroom addition completed in 1909.
 It is a two-story, red brick building above a stone and concrete raised basement.
 The exterior has been painted since at least 1952.
 The building was used as a school until 1942, and has since been used for offices.
Eagle Food Centers was a chain of supermarkets that operated in Iowa, Wisconsin, Indiana, and Illinois for a number of years.
 The company was based out of Milan, Illinois, which is near the Quad Cities of Illinois and Iowa.
 The company operated stores under many names, including BOGO'S, Eagle Country Market, Eagle Discount Centers, Eagle Discount Supermarkets, Eagle Food Centers, May's Drug and MEMCO.
 Eagle also operated stores in Houston known as Eagle Supermarkets until March 1985.
 The chain held a 6 percent market share and had 1,100 employees before leaving the area.
Edward Tuckerman Potter (September 25, 1831 in Schenectady, New York – December 21, 1904 in New York, New York) was an American architect best known for designing the 1871 Mark Twain House in Hartford, Connecticut.
 With his half-brother William Appleton Potter, he also designed Nott Memorial Hall (1858–79) at his alma mater, Union College, Schenectady, New York.
 Both the Mark Twain House and Nott Memorial Hall are National Historic Landmarks.
Galati Brothers Supermarkets was a family owned and run Italian grocery store chain in the Toronto area.
 Founded in 1958 by Tony Galati & Frank Galati, the stores were smaller than traditional supermarkets and carried many Italian items.
 Most of the stores were located in areas where there was a large number of Italian-Canadians.
 Some stores have been branded separately as Galati Market Fresh.
 Galati Brothers Supermarkets came to a close when then its final store (2592 Finch Avenue West) was sold upon the retirement of Tony Galati.
 Galati Market Fresh is still running in North York, on Leslie Street by Frank Galati's two children Robert and Grace Galati.
