"Imagine That'" is a song written by Bryan White, Derek George and John Tirro, and recorded by American country music group Diamond Rio.
 It was released in November 1997 as the second and final single from their "Greatest Hits" collection.
 It peaked at number 4 in both the United States and Canada.
"I Believe" is a song written by Skip Ewing and Donny Kees, and recorded by American country music band Diamond Rio.
 It was released in November 2002 as the second single from their album "Completely".
 The song became Diamond Rio's fifth and final No. 1 single on the "Billboard" Country Songs chart in 2003.
A Diamond Rio Christmas: The Star Still Shines is the ninth album from noted country artists Diamond Rio.
 The album was the band's first release on their new label, Word Records.
 The album peaked at number 57 on the Billboard Country chart.
"Meet in the Middle" is a song recorded by American country music band Diamond Rio.
 It was released in February 1991 as their debut single, and was served as the first single from the album "Diamond Rio".
 The single reached Number One on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts, making Diamond Rio the first country music band in history to have its debut single reach Number One.
 The song was written by Don Pfrimmer, Chapin Hartford and Jim Foster.
Diamond Rio is an American country music band founded in 1982.
 Their discography consists of Ten studio albums, 36 singles, four compilation albums, and 20 music videos. Founded in 1984, Diamond Rio released their self-titled debut album in 1991. "
Meet in the Middle", the lead-off single, reached #1 on the "Billboard" country singles chart, making Diamond Rio the first country group in history to have their debut single reach that position.
James Andrew House (born March 22, 1955) is an American country music artist.
 Originally a member of a group called the House Band, he recorded a solo rock album in 1983 on Atlantic Records before he began his country music career in 1989 on MCA Records, recording two albums for that label.
 He later penned singles for Diamond Rio and Dwight Yoakam, before finding another record deal on Epic Records in 1994.
 That year, he charted two Top 40 singles on the "Billboard" country chart, including the Top ten hit "This Is Me Missing You".
 He has also written singles for Diamond Rio, Dwight Yoakam, and Martina McBride.
Diamond Rio is the eponymous first studio album of the country music band Diamond Rio.
 Released in 1991 on Arista Records, it produced five chart singles on the "Billboard" country music charts: the Number One hit "Meet in the Middle", as well as the Top Ten hits "Mirror, Mirror", "Mama Don't Forget to Pray for Me", "Norma Jean Riley" and "Nowhere Bound".
 The album itself received RIAA platinum certification.
Bunmi Koko was a Luxury Fashion Brand, based in London, England.
 Creative Director Bunmi Olaye and partner Francis Udom founded Bunmi Koko in 2009.
 The name was inspired by the designer’s first name ‘Bunmi’ (which means 'God gave me') and the nickname given to her by her partner Francis; "Koko" (meaning my other half’).
 The two phrases joined to mean, "God gave me my other half."
In Deep, released in 1973, is the 4th studio album by Argent; originally released by Epic Records, KE 32195.
 It features the original full-length recording of "God Gave Rock and Roll to You", which reached No.18 in the UK charts (U.S. #114); when released as a single in edited form later the same year.
 It was later remade by Kiss as "God Gave Rock 'n' Roll to You II" for the film "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey" in 1991, when it was a massive worldwide hit.
"Beautiful Mess" is a song written by Shane Minor, Clay Mills and former Exile member Sonny LeMaire, and recorded by American country music group Diamond Rio.
 It was released in April 2002 as the first single from Diamond Rio's album "Completely".
 The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, a position that it held for two non-consecutive weeks.
 The song was also Diamond Rio's most successful crossover single, peaking at number 28 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
