"I Feel Immortal" is a song by Finnish singer-songwriter Tarja, featuring Canadian guitarist Jason Hook.
 It was written by Tarja, Toby Gad, Kerli Kõiv, and Lindy Robbins, and was produced by Tarja and "Mic".
 It was released as the second single from her second album "What Lies Beneath" on August 27, 2010.
Jedan od onih života... (trans.
 "One of Those Lives...") is the eighth studio album released by Serbian and former Yugoslav musician Đorđe Balašević.
 The album cover also features the line "Muzika iz istoimenog romana" ("Music from the novel of the same name"), referring to Balašević's previously released novel "Jedan od onih života".
 The album's main hits were the optimistic song "Ja luzer?"
 and songs inspired by war tragedies: "Čovek sa mesecom u očima" and "Krivi smo mi".
Mental Overdrive is the primary solo moniker of Per Martinsen (born 31 July 1966), one of Norway's most prolific and influential techno musicians.
 His tracks have ranged from hardcore rave techno to vibrant space-disco, and he's always maintained a healthy balance of humor and braininess.
 Active since 1990, he began his career releasing several 12" EPs of aggressive, rave-ready hardcore techno on revered Belgian label R&S, including 12000 AD (1990), The Second Coming (1991), Move!
 (as Confusion Club, 1991), and The Love EP (1992).
 In 1994, Martinsen began releasing atmospheric techno singles as part of Illumination, his duo with Nicholas Sillitoe.
 The next year, Mental Overdrive released the single "Disto Disco," which featured a B-side ("Faith") co-written by R&S artist Outlander, best known for the 1991 classic "Vamp."
 The A-side appeared on Mental Overdrive's full-length debut Plugged, released on Martinsen's own Love OD Communications.
 The album showed a notable progression in his music, maintaining its rough, distorted hardcore techno sound while adding more cerebral elements, placing it closer to Warp's Artificial Intelligence series.
 Martinsen displayed his sense of humor with 1996's Unplugged, a limited conceptual release containing silent "versions" of the tracks on Plugged.
 083 In 1997, Mental Overdrive signed to Virgin and released About Jazz, a significantly more house/disco-influenced EP than his previous work.
 This was followed by full-length Ad Absurdum, which continued in a more light-hearted and funky direction than his previous releases.
 He took a few years off from releasing Mental Overdrive recordings, instead devoting time to Frost (his more pop-focused electronic duo with his wife Aggie Peterson) and Illumination, which released two albums on RCA.
 Following the 2003 release of Mental Overdrive's Me EP on Love OD, he signed to Norwegian label Smalltown Supersound and released full-length 083, which featured the single "Diskodans."
 In 2005, the label compiled his early R&S material on CD as The Phuture That Never Happened.
 Two years later, Mental Overdrive's single "Spooks" appeared on Prins Thomas' Full Pupp label.
 The song appeared on his next Smalltown full-length, You Are Being Manipulated, which was released in 2008.
 The album was perfectly at home with the label's other left-field dance artists like Bjørn Torske and Kim Hiorthøy, while maintaining the unique Mental Overdrive sound.
 Martinsen continued releasing Mental Overdrive singles on Full Pupp and Love OD, and contributed to Rune Lindbæk's Meanderthals project.
 In 2012, he released Man with a Movie Camera, an EP featuring music he'd composed for a 1996 screening of the Russian silent film of the same name, which also featured pieces by Biosphere which would later appear on the 2001 remaster of his classic album Substrata.
 Mental Overdrive returned to his Love OD label for 2013 full-length Cycls, as well as 2014's Everything Is Connected, which compiled a few previously released EPs.
 In 2016, Full Pupp sublabel Rett I Fletta released a new version of Plugged consisting of alternate takes sourced from the original DAT tapes.
 (Paul Simpson for allmusic.com)
"Toxic" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her fourth studio album "In the Zone" (2003).
 It was written and produced by Christian Karlsson and Pontus Winnberg (known collectively as Bloodshy & Avant), with additional writing from Cathy Dennis and Henrik Jonback.
 The song released on January 13, 2004, by Jive Records, as the second single from "In the Zone".
 The song was originally offered to Kylie Minogue for her ninth studio album "Body Language" (2003), but she rejected it.
 After trying to choose between "(I Got That) Boom Boom" and "Outrageous" to be the second single from "In the Zone", Spears selected "Toxic" instead.
 A dance song with elements of bhangra music, "Toxic" features varied instrumentation, such as drums, synthesizers and surf guitar.
 It is accompanied by high-pitched Bollywood strings, sampled from Lata Mangeshkar and S. P. Balasubrahmanyam's "Tere Mere Beech Mein" (1981), and breathy vocals.
 Its lyrics draw an extended metaphor of a lover as a dangerous yet addictive drug.
 The song has received acclaim from music critics, deeming it the strongest track of "In the Zone", and praised its hook and chorus.
 "Toxic" won Spears her first and only Grammy Award at the 2005 ceremony in the category of Best Dance Recording.
"Papi Te Quiero" "(English: Daddy I Love You)" is a song by Puerto Rican reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen, from the platinum edition of her third studio album, "Diva" (2003).
 It was composed by Queen and her then husband Gran Omar, produced by Tony "CD" Kelly and Rafi Mercenario and released as the third single from the album in 2004.
 The song heavily samples Sean Paul's "Like Glue" released a year earlier.
 On digital editions of the album, Anthony Kelly, co-writer of "Like Glue", is credited as being featured on the song, though, provides no vocals.
 There is an music video associated with the song released along with the music video for the last single off the album "Tu No Puedes".
 In the music video, she sports the Los Angeles Lakers' women's sport outfit.
 Ivy Queen performed the English version of the song on ABC's Good Morning America.
 The song was performed as a part of the set of her 2008 World Tour which was held from the José Miguel Agrelot Coliseum, also known as the Coliseum of Puerto Rico in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Safety Dunce is an instrumental metal and hard rock solo album released by guitarist Jason Hook in 2007.
 The album title is an obvious play on words of the song "The Safety Dance" by Men Without Hats.
 Safety Dunce won a 2007 L.A. Music Award for Best Instrumental Record.
"A Long Walk" is a song released in 2001 by American recording artist Jill Scott, from her debut studio album, "Who Is Jill Scott?
 Words and Sounds Vol.
 1".
 The song peaked at No. 9 on "Billboard's" R&B Singles chart.
 It was sampled on the track "Stimulation" from Disclosure's 2013 album Settle.
"Pyromania" is a song performed by German Eurodance group Cascada, released as the first single from their fourth studio album, "Original Me".
 It was written by Yann Peifer, Allan Eshuijs, and Manuel Reuter, and it was produced by Reuter and Peifer.
 The song was premiered on February 12, 2010, and was first released on March 19, 2010 by Zooland Records.
 "Pyromania" features Natalie Horler singing the whole song with guest male vocals speaking the "pyro-pyro" hook.
 Lyrically, the song is a play on words.
 It talks about a love and obsession with fire.
The discography of Five Finger Death Punch (5FDP), an American heavy metal band, consists of six studio albums, one live album, one extended play (EP), 23 singles and 16 music videos. Formed in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2005, the group features vocalist Ivan Moody, lead guitarist Jason Hook, rhythm guitarist Zoltan Bathory, bassist Chris Kael and drummer Jeremy Spencer.
 In 2007, the band released its debut album "The Way of the Fist", which reached number 107 on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 All three singles from the album reached the top 20 of the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Songs chart.
 After Hook replaced previous guitarist Darrell Roberts, 5FDP released "War Is the Answer" in 2009 which reached the top ten of the "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Four singles from the album reached the Mainstream Rock top ten, while the band's cover of "Bad Company" was certified platinum.
"Catch Me (I'm Falling)" is a song released by American group Pretty Poison in 1987.
 It was included on the soundtrack to the film "Hiding Out", which starred Jon Cryer and came out the same year; the song later appeared on Pretty Poison's debut album, "Catch Me I'm Falling" (1988).
 It was the group's biggest hit single to date, peaking at number one on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart in late September 1987.
 Later that same year, the song charted inside the top ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, peaking at number eight and remaining in the top 40 for 14 weeks.
 The single was certified gold by the RIAA on March 9, 1989.
 In the UK the song entered the Top 100 for two weeks at the end of January 1988 and peaked at number 85.
