Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat is a 2003 American family comedy film directed by Bo Welch.
 It is based on the 1957 Dr. Seuss book "of the same name".
 The film stars Mike Myers in the title role of the Cat in the Hat, and Dakota Fanning as Sally.
 Sally's brother (who is unnamed in the book and the 1971 TV special), Conrad, is portrayed by Spencer Breslin.
 The film is the second feature-length Dr. Seuss adaptation after the 2000 holiday film "How the Grinch Stole Christmas".
Dan Ouellette is an American artist, illustrator, director, author and production designer.
 He began drawing as a child inspired by Escher, Dalí and Moebius.
 His drawings usually begin with very rough sketches and are intended to capture a moment of tension or eroticism.
 His art pushes his audience into areas where people feel less than comfortable, stating that the "US which is so puritanical, our bodies are usually a great source of anxiety and fear".
 As a production designer, he has designed over fifteen independent feature films in the past decade as well as numerous commercials and music videos.
 He is best known as the director for the music videos "Blue" and "Looking Glass" by The Birthday Massacre, receiving over 4 million combined views on YouTube, and has directed music videos for the industrial band Android Lust.
 He has done production design for many films over the years including "Chasing Sleep" starring Jeff Daniels.
 Dan's artwork is strongly themed around surrealism and mostly done in pencil.
 As an artist he has exhibited widely.
 He has been published in numerous anthology art books including "Bio-Mannerism" which also features work by H.R. Giger and Beksinski, and he has been featured in magazines internationally.
 David Bowie commented while looking at Dan's art that he has noticed a strong influence of science fiction on contemporary art.
 Giger saw a different aspect, saying simply "Very bony."
 He grew to adore the cinema of Fellini and later to marvel at Lynch's "Eraserhead".
 Rather than pursue a formal education in the fine arts he chose to study the craft of film making and after college he became a production designer working on feature films in New York City starting with his work as a production designer for Hal Hartley in 1990 with Trust and then, in 1992, with Simple Men.
Gosaibaganer Bhoot (English: The Phantom Of Gosaibagan Grove , Bengali: গোঁসাইবাগানের ভূত ) is a Bengali comedy-fantasy film directed by art director, production designer, and costume designer Nitish Roy, based on a novel by Bengali writer Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay.
 The music/lyrics was composed by Bengali brand Chandrabindoo.
Rick Carter (born 1950) is an American production designer and art director.
 He is known for his work in the film "Forrest Gump", which earned him an Oscar nomination, as well as numerous nominations of other awards for his work in "Amistad" and "A.I. Artificial Intelligence".
 Other films include "Cast Away", "War of the Worlds", "What Lies Beneath", "Jurassic Park", "Avatar", and "Back to the Future Part II" and "Part III".
 Many of the films that he has worked on are directed by Steven Spielberg or Robert Zemeckis.
 For his part in the Art Direction of "Avatar", he was awarded the Academy Award for Best Production Design alongside Robert Stromberg and Kim Sinclair.
 In 2013, Carter won his second Academy Award, for production design on Steven Spielberg's biopic, "Lincoln".
Anna Magdalena () is a 1998 Hong Kong romantic fantasy comedy film starring Aaron Kwok, Kelly Chen and Takeshi Kaneshiro.
 It was the directorial debut of production designer Yee Chung-Man.
The Private Eyes is a 1976 Hong Kong comedy film written, directed by and starring Michael Hui and co-starring his brothers, Samuel Hui and Ricky Hui, and also starring Shih Kien and Richard Ng in his second film role.
 John Woo was the production designer and also co-director though he was uncredited.
 Sammo Hung served as the film's action director and Jackie Chan was also a stuntman.
 This is the third film of the Hui Brothers and it is the first film that established the Hui Brothers' comedies internationally.
Chris Gorak is an American film director who started as an art director and production designer.
 He directed the 2006 film "Right at Your Door" and the 2011 film "The Darkest Hour".
 Gorak began working in the film industry in the 1990s as an art director.
 In the 2000s, he worked on several films as production designer before becoming a film director.
İsmet Ergün (born 1950) is a Berlin artist and stage designer of Turkish provenance.
 Alongside her theatre work she has worked in the world of cinema as an art director and as a production designer.
 The short film which she directed, and for which she herself wrote the screenplay, was singled out for commendation at the 2007 Locarno Film Festival: it also won the "Best German Film 2007" at the later the same year.
Puteri Gunung Ledang is a Malaysian musical directed by Zahim Albakri, co-directed by Adlin Aman Ramlie, book by Adlin Aman Ramlie, Saw Teong Hin and Zahim Al-Bakri and music composed by Dick Lee.
 The musical is based on the 2004 "Puteri Gunung Ledang" film.
 The original production was staged at the Istana Budaya in February 2006, this was followed by two more productions and an upcoming third in February 2009.
 Tiara Jacquelina and Stephen Rahman-Hughes starred as Gusti Putri and Hang Tuah in all the productions to date.
 Other members of the production team are music director Roslan Aziz, choreographer Pat Ibrahim and production designer Raja Malek.
 The musical was staged in poetic Malay and Javanese-accented Malay, but English subtitles were provided.
T. MuthuRaj (born July 29, 1969, Coimbatore, India) is an Indian film production designer.
 He entered the film industry after completing his B.Sc.
 degree in fine arts as first assistant to Sabu Cyril after which he has served as production designer in critically acclaimed and celebrated films in major Indian languages.
 His big break came in the 1997 Malayalam film "Guru" starring Mohanlal and Suresh Gopi, directed by Rajiv Anchal, for which he received the Kerala State Film Award for Best Art Director.
 Muthuraj has since worked in such path breaking hits as "Arputha Theevu", "Angaditheru", "Pazhasi Raja", "Irumbukottai Murattu Singham" and "Avan Ivan".
 He has contributed to the success of 43 feature films and 185 commercials.
 He has won many film awards for best art direction and for his creative works.
 His latest work is "Nanban" (2012) directed by Shankar, which has won huge appreciation from all quarters.
