The Territory of Iowa was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from July 4, 1838, until December 28, 1846, when the southeastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Iowa.
 The remainder of the territory would have no organized territorial government until the Minnesota Territory was organized on March 3, 1849.
The Territory of Oregon was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from August 14, 1848, until February 14, 1859, when the southwestern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Oregon.
 Originally claimed by several countries (see Oregon Country), the region was divided between the UK and US in 1846.
 When established, the territory encompassed an area that included the current states of Oregon, Washington, and Idaho, as well as parts of Wyoming and Montana.
 The capital of the territory was first Oregon City, then Salem, followed briefly by Corvallis, then back to Salem, which became the state capital upon Oregon's admission to the Union.
The post-American Revolutionary War Territory Northwest of the River Ohio, more commonly known as the Northwest Territory encompassing most of the pre-war territory of the Ohio Country, parts of Illinois Country, and parts of old French Canada below the Great Lakes was an organized incorporated territory of the United States spanning most or large parts of six eventual U.S. States.
 It existed legally from July 13, 1787, until March 1, 1803, when the southeastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the state of Ohio, and the remainder was reorganized by additional legislative actions.
Samuel Royal Thurston (April 15, 1816 – April 9, 1851) was an American pioneer, lawyer and politician.
 He was the first delegate from the Oregon Territory to the United States Congress and was instrumental in the passage of the Donation Land Claim Act.
The Territory of Nebraska was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from May 30, 1854, until March 1, 1867, when the final extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Nebraska.
 The Nebraska Territory was created by the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854.
 The territorial capital was Omaha.
 The territory encompassed areas of what is today Nebraska, Wyoming, South Dakota, North Dakota, Colorado, and Montana.
The Territory of Arkansas, initially organized as the Territory of Arkansaw, was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from March 2, 1819 until June 15, 1836, when the final extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Arkansas.
The Territory of Wisconsin was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from July 3, 1836, until May 29, 1848, when an eastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Wisconsin.
 Belmont was initially chosen as the capital of the territory.
 In 1837, the territorial legislature met in Burlington, just north of the Skunk River on the Mississippi, which became part of the Iowa Territory in 1838.
 In that year, 1838, the territorial capital of Wisconsin was moved to Madison.
The Territory South of the River Ohio, more commonly known as the Southwest Territory, was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from May 26, 1790, until June 1, 1796, when it was admitted to the United States as the State of Tennessee.
 The Southwest Territory was created by the Southwest Ordinance from lands of the Washington District that had been ceded to the U.S. federal government by North Carolina.
 The territory's lone governor was William Blount.
Ten individuals served as Governors of Dakota Territory during its existence as an organized incorporated territory of the United States between March 2, 1861, and November 2, 1889, when the final extent of the reduced territory was split and admitted to the Union as the states of North and South Dakota.
 Additionally, one person served as provisional governor prior to, and one served as acting governor during this period.
 The territorial governor was appointed by the President of the United States and served at the president's pleasure.
The Territory of Alabama (sometimes Alabama Territory) was an organized incorporated territory of the United States.
 The Alabama Territory was carved from the Mississippi Territory on August 15, 1817; lasting until December 14, 1819, when it was admitted to the Union as the twenty-second state.
