The 2nd APAN Star Awards () is an awards ceremony for excellence in television in South Korea.
 It was held at the Hall of Jeongsimhwa International Cultural Center, Chungnam National University in Daejeon on November 16, 2013 and hosted by T-ara's Park So-yeon and Lee Hwi-jae.
 The nominees were chosen from 75 Korean dramas that aired from November 1, 2012 to September 30, 2013.
Confession was an Australian melodic hardcore band from Melbourne, Victoria.
 The band was formed in 2008 by frontman Michael Crafter, who is best known as the former lead vocalist of metalcore bands I Killed the Prom Queen, Carpathian and Bury Your Dead.
 They have released one EP entitled "Can't Live, Can't Breathe", and three albums: "Cancer", "The Long Way Home" and "Life And Death" on Resist Records.
The Long Way Home is the second full-length studio album by Australian hardcore/metalcore band Confession, released on 23 September 2011, through Resist Records.
 This is the last album to feature guitarists Dan Brown and Adam Harris, bassist Tim Anderson and drummer Shane O'Brien, leaving Michael Crafter as the only original member.
Your Past Comes Back to Haunt You is the second EP released by Australian metalcore band I Killed the Prom Queen in 2005.
 It is also the last album to feature Michael Crafter on vocals, besides the re-issue of Music for the Recently Deceased.
 The EP features a reworked version of "To Be Sleeping While Still Standing" which was originally done by an earlier band including Crafter and Weinhofen called The Fall of Troy.
 It also includes three tracks form their first EP, "Choose to Love, Live or Die", along with two new songs, "Never Never Land" and "You're Not Worth Saving".
 Some of its tracks appear on the group's live album CD/DVD, "Sleepless Nights and City Lights", which was issued in November 2008.
The Cat (; lit.
 "The Cat: Eyes that See Death") is a 2011 South Korean horror film directed by Byun Seung-wook.
 The film is about So-yeon (Park Min-young), who works at a small pet-grooming shop called Kitty N Puppy.
 So-yeon suffers from claustrophobia and starts having apparitions of a ghostly young girl with cat-like eyes (Kim Ye-ron).
Michael Crafter is an Australian musician, singer-songwriter and entertainment manager.
 His music career began as lead vocalist for I Killed the Prom Queen.
 He is the vocalist of Confession, and former vocalist of Carpathian and Bury Your Dead.
 Crafter runs a clothing apparel business, Mistake Clothing.
The 4th APAN Star Awards () is an awards ceremony for excellence in television in South Korea.
 It was held at Wonju Gymnasium in Wonju, Gangwon Province on November 28, 2015 and hosted by Lee Hwi-jae, Kim Sung-joo, Lee Hoon and T-ara's Park So-yeon.
 The nominees were chosen from 98 Korean dramas that aired from October 1, 2014 to October 30, 2015.
The 3rd APAN Star Awards () is an awards ceremony for excellence in television in South Korea.
 It was held at the Hall of Jeongsimhwa International Cultural Center, Chungnam National University in Daejeon on November 15, 2014 and hosted by T-ara's Park So-yeon and Kim Sung-joo.
 The nominees were chosen from 87 Korean dramas that aired from November 1, 2013 to September 2014.
Park So-yeon (born October 5, 1987), better known mononymously as Soyeon, is a South Korean singer and actress.
 She is best known as the former main vocalist and member of South Korean girl group T-ara.
Life And Death is the third full-length studio album by Australian hardcore/metalcore band Confession, released on 13 June 2014, through Lifeforce Records.
 This is the first album to feature the lineup of guitarists Russell Holland and Lyndsay Antica, bassist Steven French, and drummer Jake Dargaville, following the departure of guitarists Dan Brown and Adam Harris, bassist Tim Anderson and drummer Shane O'Brien, leaving Michael Crafter as the only original member.
