What's Eating Gilbert Grape is a 1993 American drama film directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Johnny Depp, Juliette Lewis, Darlene Cates and Leonardo DiCaprio.
 The film follows 24-year-old Gilbert (Depp), a grocery store clerk caring for his morbidly obese mother and mentally impaired younger brother in a sleepy Midwestern town.
 Peter Hedges wrote the screenplay, adapted from his 1991 novel of the same name.
 The film was well-received; DiCaprio received his first Academy Award nomination for his role.
Charlize Theron is a South African-born American actress who made her film debut in an uncredited role as a follower of a cult in the 1995 horror film "".
 Theron followed this with appearances as a hitwoman in "2 Days in the Valley", a waitress in the romantic comedy "Trial and Error" (1997), and a woman suffering with schizophrenia in the mystery thriller "The Devil's Advocate" (1997) with Keanu Reeves and Al Pacino.
 She appeared in the science fiction thriller "The Astronaut's Wife" with Johnny Depp, and Lasse Hallström's "The Cider House Rules" (both in 1999).
 For her portrayal of serial killer Aileen Wuornos in the crime drama "Monster" (2003), Theron received the Academy Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role.
 The following year, she played Swedish entertainer Britt Ekland in the biographical film "The Life and Death of Peter Sellers".
Deborah Lurie is a composer, arranger, and music producer.
 She is the most successful American female film composer in terms of box office (15 films grossing over $400 million).
 Deborah is best known for her scores for director Lasse Hallström’s films, "Dear John" and "Safe Haven", Paramount’s 2011 version of "Footloose", and the all-time highest-grossing concert movie, "".
 She has also written additional music for many scores by Danny Elfman, including "Wanted", "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", and "Alice in Wonderland", and has provided string arrangements on hits for The All-American Rejects, Hoobastank, Daughtry, Kelly Clarkson, Katy Perry, and more.
 In 2015, she received the ASCAP Shirley Walker Award.
The Cider House Rules is a 1999 American drama film directed by Lasse Hallström, based on John Irving's novel of the same name.
 The film had its world premiere at the 56th Venice Film Festival.
 It won two Academy Awards, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture, along with four other nominations at the 72nd Academy Awards.
 Irving documented his involvement in bringing the novel to the screen in his book, "My Movie Business".
The 21st Guldbagge Awards ceremony, presented by the Swedish Film Institute, honored the best Swedish films of 1985, and took place on 27 January 1986. "
My Life as a Dog" directed by Lasse Hallström was presented with the award for Best Film.
Nick Meyer is an American film producer and CEO of Sierra/Affinity.
 Meyer was the president of Paramount Vantage until December 2008.
 In 2007, with Meyer as co-head of Paramount, the Studio received 19 Academy Award nominations.
 Four of the Studio's 2007 feature films were honored: "There Will Be Blood", a Paramount Vantage and Miramax co-production, received eight nominations, winning Best Picture among others; "No Country for Old Men", also a Miramax and Paramount Vantage co-production, received eight nominations; "Into the Wild" earned two nominations; "The Kite Runner" garnered one nomination.
 At the 80th Academy Awards, Blood and No Country won a combined six awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture for No Country, the Academy Award for Best Actor for Daniel Day-Lewis in Blood, and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Javier Bardem in No Country.
Lisa Rachel Zeno Churgin (born January 20, 1955) is an American film editor with more than 25 film credits; she was nominated for the Academy Award for Film Editing for the 1999 film "The Cider House Rules" (directed by Lasse Hallström).
 Since 2002, Churgin has also served as the president of the Motion Picture Editors Guild.
 Churgin's editing of "House of Sand and Fog" (directed by Vadim Perelman-2003) was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Editing.
Lena Maria Jonna Olin (born 22 March 1955) is a Swedish actress.
 She has been nominated for several acting awards, including a Golden Globe for "The Unbearable Lightness of Being" (1988) and an Academy Award for "Enemies, A Love Story" (1989).
 Other well-known films in which she has appeared include "Chocolat" (2000), directed by her husband Lasse Hallström, "Queen of the Damned" (2002), "Casanova" (2005) and "The Reader" (2008).
 She was cast as Triggerfish's Khumba.
 Olin was also a main cast member in the second season (and a recurring guest star in later seasons) of the television series "Alias".
 Olin starred in the Swedish sitcom "Welcome to Sweden".
The Hypnotist (Swedish: Hypnotisören ) is a 2012 Swedish crime thriller film directed by Lasse Hallström, based on the Swedish novel of the same name by Lars Kepler.
 The film was selected as the Swedish entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.
Larry Jeff McMurtry (born June 3, 1936) is an American novelist, essayist, bookseller, and screenwriter whose work is predominantly set in either the old West or in contemporary Texas.
 His novels include "Horseman, Pass By" (1962), "The Last Picture Show" (1966) and "Terms of Endearment" (1975), which were adapted into films earning 26 Academy Award nominations (10 wins).
 His 1985 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel "Lonesome Dove" was adapted into a television miniseries that earned 18 Emmy Award nominations (seven wins), with the other three novels in his "Lonesome Dove" series adapted into three more miniseries, earning eight more Emmy nominations.
 McMurtry and cowriter Diana Ossana adapted the screenplay for "Brokeback Mountain" (2005), which earned eight Academy Award nominations with three wins, including McMurtry and Ossana for Best Adapted Screenplay.
