Schutzhund (German for "protection dog") is a dog sport that was developed in Germany in the early 1900s as a breed suitability test for the German Shepherd breed.
 The test would determine if the dog displayed the appropriate traits and characteristics of a proper working German Shepherd.
 Today, it is used as a sport where many breeds other than German Shepherd Dogs can compete, but it is such a demanding test that few dogs can pass.
The Chiribaya Dog (Spanish: "perro Chiribaya" ) or Peruvian shepherd dog ("perro pastor Peruano ") was a pre-Columbian breed of dog from the southwest of Peru, identified by the 42 mummies discovered by anthropologist Sonia Guillén Oneglio in the Ilo District, Moquegua Region, on the south coast of Peru.
 It has been established that it was a llama herding dog.
 The dogs were not only an important part of the social structure of the ancient Peruvians, but they received special treatment after death as well.
 The dog variety has been referred to in various Spanish-language documentaries under different terms, such as "el perro pastor Chribaya" ('the Chiribaya shepherd dog') and "pastor Peruano " ('Peruvian shepherd'), though the ancient Peruvians did not keep sheep.
 Its original name is unknown.
 (It has been referred to more ambiguously by the term "perro Peruano " or "perro del Perú " ('Peruvian dog', 'dog of Peru'), but this has also been applied to an extant but ancient hairless variety, referred to in more detail as "perro sin pelo del Perú", 'hairless dog of Peru', or the Peruvian hairless dog, a favorite in South American dog shows.)
The Romanian Raven Shepherd Dog is a very large Romanian livestock guardian dog, taxonomized within the second group of dog breeds - Pinscher and Schanuzer - Molossoid Breeds - Swiss Mountain and Cattle Dogs, section 2.2: Molossoid Breeds - Mountain type.
The Criollo Cubano originates from Spanish horses brought to Cuba by Diego Velázquez in 1751.
 There are four different breeds known as criollo: the Cubano de Paso, the Pinto Cubano, the Criollo de Trote and the Patibarcino.
 It is a small stout breed used by the Guajiro people.
Dogo Cubano also known as the Cuban Mastiff, Cuban Dogo and Cuban Dogge is an extinct dog breed from Cuba.
 It was of the Bull Mastiff type and was used for dog fighting.
The collie is a distinctive type of herding dog, including many related landraces and standardised breeds.
 The type originated in Scotland and Northern England.
 The collie is a medium-sized, fairly lightly built dog, with a pointed snout.
 Many types have a distinctive white pattern over the shoulders.
 Collies are very active and agile, and most types of collies have a very strong herding instinct.
 Collie breeds have spread through many parts of the world (especially Australia and North America) and have diversified into many varieties, sometimes with mixture from other dog types.
 Some collie breeds have remained as working dogs, used for herding cattle, sheep and other livestock, while others are kept as pets, show dogs or for dog sports, in which they display great agility, stamina and trainability.
 While the AKC has a breed they call "Collie", in fact collie dogs are a distinctive type of herding dog including many related landraces and formal breeds.
 There are usually major distinctions between show dogs and those bred for herding trials or dog sports.
 They typically display great agility, stamina and trainability and more importantly sagacity.
The Belgian Shepherd (also known as the Belgian Sheepdog or Chien de Berger Belge) is a breed of medium-to-large-sized herding dog.
 It originated in Belgium and is similar to other sheep herding dogs from that region, including the Dutch Shepherd, the German Shepherd, the Briard, and others.
 Four types have been identified by various registries as separate breeds or varieties: Groenendael, Laekenois, Tervuren, and Malinois.
Guatemalan Dogo ("Dogo Guatemalteco"), formerly known as the Guatemalan Bull Terrier ("Bullterrier Guatemalteco"), and Guatemalan Mastiff, is a Molosser-type dog breed originating in Guatemala.
 It is neither recognized by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI) nor the American Kennel Club (AKC).
 However, it has the official national recognition of the Asociación Canofila Guatemalteca (ACANGUA) where it belongs to the Group 2.2.1 - Mastiffs.
 As the unique breed originating in Guatemala, it is also the national dog of the country.
 Nowadays it has spread to various other countries, such as the USA.
The Dogo Argentino, also known as the Argentine Mastiff, is a large, white, muscular dog that was developed in Argentina primarily for the purpose of big-game hunting, including wild boar; the breeder, Antonio Nores Martínez, also wanted a dog that would exhibit steadfast bravery and willingly protect its human companion.
 It was first bred in 1928, from the Cordoba Fighting Dog along with a wide array of other breeds including the Great Dane.
The Dutch Shepherd is a herding dog of Dutch origin.
 They were used by shepherds and farmers who needed a versatile dog, with few demands, and a dog that was able to adapt to a harsh and meager existence.
