Bayer 04 Leverkusen bounced back from the nearly disastrous season it came from, finishing in the top three and qualifying for the UEFA Champions League in the process.
 The season marked the breakthrough for Bulgarian striker Dimitar Berbatov, who scored 16 goals, whereas Brazilian signing França contributed with 14 strikes.
 As it was, it was the attack that impressed the most, especially in the 6–2 crushing of champions Werder Bremen on the penultimate day of the season.
The semi-final of the 1970 FIFA World Cup between Italy and West Germany is known as the "Game of the Century" (Spanish: "Partido del Siglo" ; Italian: "Partita del secolo" ; German: "Jahrhundertspiel" ).
 It was played on 17 June 1970 at the "Estadio Azteca" in Mexico City.
 Italy won 4–3 after five goals were scored in extra time.
 A record number of scored goals during any 2x15 min extra time during a FIFA World Cup game.
The 1967 FA Charity Shield was the 45th FA Charity Shield, an annual football match held between the winners of the previous season's Football League and FA Cup competitions.
 The match was contested by Manchester United, who had won the 1966–67 Football League, and Tottenham Hotspur, who had won the 1966–67 FA Cup, at Old Trafford, Manchester, on 12 August 1967.
 The match was drawn 3–3, which meant that the two clubs shared the Shield, holding it for six months each.
 Bobby Charlton scored two goals for United, while Denis Law scored their third.
 Jimmy Robertson and Frank Saul scored for Spurs, but the match is most famous for Tottenham's second goal, which was scored by goalkeeper Pat Jennings.
 Ball in hand, Jennings punted it downfield, only for it to bounce in front of United goalkeeper Alex Stepney, over his head and into the goal.
The 2011 Major League Soccer All-Star Game, held on July 27, 2011, was the 16th annual Major League Soccer All-Star Game, a soccer match involving all-stars from Major League Soccer.
 The MLS All-Stars faced Manchester United of the English Premier League for the second year running in the eighth MLS All-Star Game to feature international opposition.
 Manchester United won the game 4–0 with goals from Anderson, Park Ji-Sung, Dimitar Berbatov and Danny Welbeck.
Luis Antonio Valencia Mosquera, commonly known as Antonio Valencia (] ; born 4 August 1985), is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a right winger and right-back for Manchester United and the Ecuador national team.
Ana-Maria Yanakieva (Bulgarian: Ана-Мария Янакиева , born 5 August 1998) is a Bulgarian singer from the music label Virginia Records, the official representative of Sony Music Entertainment for Bulgaria.
 She is also a scholar of Dimitar Berbatov Foundation.
 Ana-Maria is a finalist from Season 2 of X Factor Bulgaria, which took place in 2013.
 She is one of the most talented and promising Bulgarian young singers as considered by many music professionals in Bulgaria.
Over 2,300 goals have been scored at the 20 editions of the FIFA World Cup final tournaments, excluding penalties converted during shoot-outs.
 Since the first goal scored by French player Lucien Laurent at the 1930 FIFA World Cup, over 1,200 footballers have scored goals at the World Cup, but only 90 of them have scored at least five goals.
Hristo Atanasov Bonev-Zuma (Bulgarian: Христо Aтанасов Бонев ; born 3 February 1947 in Plovdiv, Bulgaria) is a former Bulgarian footballer, the second all-time leading scorer for the Bulgarian national team behind Dimitar Berbatov, who surpassed his record on 18 November 2009.
 He last managed PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv in the Bulgarian A PFG.
 One of the greatest Bulgarian footballers, Bonev was renowned for his vision and technique.
The 2010 FA Community Shield was the 88th FA Community Shield, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions.
 The match was played at Wembley Stadium, London, on 8 August 2010, and contested by league and cup double winners Chelsea and league runners-up Manchester United.
 Manchester United won the match 3–1 with goals from Antonio Valencia, Javier Hernández and Dimitar Berbatov; Chelsea's consolation goal came from Salomon Kalou.
 It was Manchester United's 14th outright victory in the Community Shield.
Since the inception of the English football league competition, the Premier League, in 1992, more than 100 players have scored three goals (a hat-trick) or more in a single match.
 The first player to achieve the feat was Frenchman Eric Cantona, who scored three times for Leeds United in a 5–0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur.
 Twenty players have scored more than three goals in a match; of these, five players, Andy Cole, Alan Shearer, Jermain Defoe, Dimitar Berbatov and Sergio Agüero have scored five.
 Sadio Mané holds the record for the quickest Premier League hat-trick, netting three times for Southampton against Aston Villa in 2 minutes 56 seconds, breaking Robbie Fowler's record, while in 1999, Manchester United player Ole Gunnar Solskjær scored four goals in twelve minutes as a substitute against Nottingham Forest, "the fastest scorer of a four-goal haul on record in England".
