The 1979 season of the Washington Redskins in American professional football began with the team trying to improve on their 8–8 record from 1978.
 While the Redskins were able to improve their record; finishing 10–6, the Redskins were eliminated from playoff contention on the final week of the season when, facing the Dallas Cowboys with the NFC East title on the line, Cowboys quarterback Roger Staubach led a last-minute comeback to defeat Washington 35–34 to win the division; which combined with the Chicago Bears defeating the St. Louis Cardinals 42–6, resulted in the Redskins losing a points tiebreaker for the final wild-card slot.
The 2002 Dallas Cowboys season was the 43rd season for the team in the National Football League.
 It was Emmitt Smith's 13th and final season with the team, officially marking the end of the famed "triplets" tenure in Dallas after wide receiver Michael Irvin was forced to retire prematurely after the 1999 season and quarterback Troy Aikman retired prior to the start of the 2001 season.
 All three players would eventually be inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
 It was also the last of three consecutive 5-11 finishes for the Cowboys, beginning in 2000.
The 1993 Cleveland Browns season was the team's 44th season with the National Football League.
 This season was notable for coach Bill Belichick deciding to bench, and then ultimately release, longtime starting quarterback Bernie Kosar in favor of Vinny Testaverde.
 Kosar resurfaced during the season with the Dallas Cowboys, when he was part of the eventual Super Bowl champions as a fill-in for injured quarterback Troy Aikman.
 The Browns get off to a 5-2 start despite the Quarterback Controversy.
 Prior to the start of the season the Browns signed Free Agent Quarterback Vinny Testaverde.
 Originally Testaverde was supposed to back-up his former University of Miami teammate Bernie Kosar.
 However, when Testaverde performed better when given the opportunity to play some felt there should be a change at the Quarterback position.
 However, the Browns went beyond that by unceremoniously releasing Kosar in the middle of the season.
 The Browns lost their next four games and seven of their last nine games to finish with a 7-9 record.
The 440 Alliance is an American cello rock band from Arlington, Texas consisting of five cellists and a percussionist.
 The group formed in 2004 and is known for their diverse approach to the cello, incorporating electric effects, turntables, piano, and mallet percussion.
 They received national exposure on NPR's "All Songs Considered", the Drew Pearson Show on Fox Sports, and on Fox's musical reality show, "The Next Great American Band".
 The group has performed at a number of private parties for celebrities including Troy Aikman (Former NFL Quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys), Jerry Jones (Dallas Cowboys owner), John Kirtland (Former drummer for Deep Blue Something and owner of Kirtland Records), Janine Turner (from Northern Exposure), members of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra, as well as the Dallas, TX movie premier for the film 'The Soloist' (starring Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey Jr.).
Michael Jerome Irvin (born March 5, 1966) is a retired American football player, actor, and sports commentator.
 Irvin played college football at the University of Miami, then for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL) for his entire pro athletic career (1988-1999), which ended due to a spinal cord injury.
 Irvin was nicknamed "The Playmaker" due to his penchant for making big plays in big games during his college and pro careers.
 He is one of three key Cowboys offensive players who helped the team attain three Super Bowl wins: he is known as one of "The Triplets" along with Troy Aikman and Emmitt Smith.
 He is also a former broadcaster for ESPN's "Sunday NFL Countdown" and currently an analyst for NFL Network.
 In 2007, he was selected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Mark Pulemau Tuinei (March 31, 1960 – May 6, 1999) was an American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys.
 Known as a "gentle giant", his career lasted for 15 years (1983–1997) and his ability to protect quarterback Troy Aikman and to run-block for running back Emmitt Smith helped them win Super Bowls in 1992, 1993, and 1995 and the NFC East Division in 1985 and 1992-96.
 He was also selected for the Pro Bowl in 1994 and 1995.
Brett Allen Faryniarz (born July 23, 1965) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons in the NFL.
 In college, he was a defensive standout for the San Diego State Aztecs, starring on the team's much-maligned "Ocean Breeze" defense.
 The name derived from a comment by former UCLA quarterback Troy Aikman, who compared the team's pass defense to "just playing catch in the open air."
 Despite the defense's generally poor caliber, Faryniarz developed a reputation as a "solid quarterback sacker" and laid out Aikman twice during the SDSU UCLA game in the Rose Bowl.
 After starting three years for the Aztecs, Faryniarz played for the then-Los Angeles Rams, where he played linebacker.
 He finished his career on the inaugural Carolina Panthers team in 1995.
The 2000 Dallas Cowboys season was the 41st season for the team in the National Football League.
 Cowboys owner Jerry Jones would promote the team's long-time defensive coordinator, Dave Campo, to be the fifth head coach of the Dallas Cowboys.
 This was also Troy Aikman's last season with the team.
Troy Kenneth Aikman (born November 21, 1966) is a former American football quarterback who played for the Dallas Cowboys in the National Football League (NFL).
 The number one overall draft pick in 1989, Aikman played twelve consecutive seasons as quarterback with the Cowboys.
 During his career he was a six-time Pro Bowl selection, led the team to three Super Bowl victories, and was the Super Bowl XXVII MVP.
 Aikman was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2006 and to the College Football Hall of Fame on December 9, 2008 in New York City.
Hall of Fame Racing was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series racing team principally owned by Jeff Moorad, Tom Garfinkel, and Tom Davin.
 The team was created as a joint venture between former Dallas Cowboys quarterbacks Roger Staubach, Troy Aikman and  Bill Saunders.
 The team has closed following the 2009 season, with its best season coming with Tony Raines and Ron Fellows (for the road courses) behind the wheel of the No. 96 DLP Chevrolet, finishing 25th in owners points in 2007.
