Crimetime After Primetime is the umbrella title for a group of late-night crime-investigation shows that debuted at various times on CBS during 1991 and 1992, running through late summer of 1993.
 The line-up was originally supposed to debut in January 1991, but was delayed several weeks due to the beginning of the Gulf War.
Montague Charles Glover (May 5, 1898 – 1983) was a British freelance architect and private photographer.
 He is most notable for his depiction of homosexual life in London during the early to mid-20th century through private photographs taken primarily for his own enjoyment.
 His photographs tend to document 'rough trade', the working class and members of the military.
The Sniper () is a 2009 Hong Kong action thriller film directed by Dante Lam and starring Richie Jen, Edison Chen and Huang Xiaoming, as top snipers for the Hong Kong Police Force.
 The film was originally set to be released in May 2008, but was delayed due to the Edison Chen photo scandal.
 This is Chen's final film in Hong Kong as of 2015.
Born American (Finnish: "Jäätävä polte"; UK title: "Arctic Heat") is a 1986 film directed by Renny Harlin.
 It was a feature length action movie about three Americans vacationing in Finland who cross the border into the Soviet Union.
 It was originally supposed to star Chuck Norris but he backed out when filming was delayed by funding problems and his son, Mike Norris, landed the lead instead.
 A Finnish production, this was at that time the most expensive film ever to have been made in Finland.
 The Finnish Board of Film Classification first banned the movie, because of excessive violence and anti-Soviet elements.
 Because of that the movie had to be shortened 3.5 minutes before it was finally accepted for distribution October 29, 1986 with the Supreme Court decision.
 The premiere was December 19, 1986.
 The success of the film in the United States allowed Harlin to get his foot in the door in Hollywood.
Todo Lo Que Soy-En Vivo is a live album by Fey, a Mexican pop singer.
 The album was recorded in Mexico City's National Auditorium after the success of her album.
 Fey toured this show in various venues in Mexico, with many sold out dates and dates were added due to popular demand.
 Before going in for an encore performance at the National Auditorium on April 2014, Fey had confirmed that would be the concert date she would record the show in a CD & DVD format.
 The album was originally slated for a summer 2014 release, but was delayed due to Fey wanting to be involved in the details of the editing process.
 On December 11, 2014, Fey confirmed via Twitter that the CD & DVD format would be released on December 17, 2014 and the digital version would go worldwide on December 24, 2014 along with the cover art.
Copyright Alert System (CAS) was a voluntary industry effort to educate and penalize internet users who engage in the unauthorized and unlawful distribution of copyrighted works via peer-to-peer file sharing services.
 The program was operated by the Center for Copyright Information, a consortium consisting of the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), and the internet service providers AT&T, Cablevision, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, and Verizon.
Icons Of The Underground: Vol.
 1 - Glenn Danzig is a compilation album released October 31, 2006 on Hedonism Records.
 It features 23 bands covering songs by the Misfits, Samhain and Danzig, all written by Glenn Danzig.
 The album was originally supposed to be released on June 6, 2006 but due to licensing problems it was delayed until Halloween of the same year.
 The album was approved by Glenn Danzig himself when Radu the lead singer of the band Dead Rites approached Glenn himself during the Atlanta stop of the Blackest of the Black tour.
 The album cover was done by Mark Allen of Marjasall Productions.
In 2008, intimate and private photographs of Hong Kong actor Edison Chen with various women, including actresses Gillian Chung, Bobo Chan, Rachel Ngan, and Cecilia Cheung, were unlawfully distributed over the Internet.
 The scandal shook the Hong Kong entertainment industry and received high-profile media attention locally and around the world.
 Many local newspapers headlined the story consecutively during the first fortnight of February 2008, relegating coverage of the 2008 Chinese winter storms to secondary prominence during Chinese New Year.
EDISON also known as 陳冠希EDISON was released on November 30, 2000 by Hong Kong pop singer-actor Edison Chen.
Live at the Grand Olympic Auditorium is the second live album by the American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine, released on November 25, 2003 by Epic Records.
 It is a recording of two shows Rage played at the Grand Olympic Auditorium in their hometown of Los Angeles on September 12 and 13, 2000.
 The album was originally planned to be released in November 2000, but was delayed due to the break-up of the band shortly after the September concerts.
 It was then slated for release a year later, but was again delayed due to the formation of Audioslave by the remaining three members of Rage (Tom Morello, Tim Commerford and Brad Wilk) with vocalist Chris Cornell.
 The album was released amid mixed reviews in November 2003, mainly due to poor mixing rather than musical performance, where on the other hand the DVD version was praised by fans and critics alike.
