Mırra is a traditional type of bitter coffee prepared in the Hatay, Adana, Urfa and Mardin provinces of Turkey, as well as in some Arab countries like Lebanon and Syria, which is also sometimes correctly referred to as Arabic coffee because the name is derived from Arabic; "mur" meaning bitter.
 Since it is very bitter and dark, it is served in tiny cups without handles similar in size to Italian espresso cups.
 The coffee beans for Mırra are common coffea arabica coffee beans, which however are roasted twice in order to give it its bitter taste.They are ground so that they are still grainy, unlike Turkish coffee which is more like a powder.
 The coffee is put into a narrow-topped small boiling pot called cezve, and water is added, mostly accompanied by some cardamom in order to give it a more aromatic flavour.
Zaječická hořká (bitter water from Zajecice, administrative part of village Bečov, near Most Northern Bohemia) (German: "Saidschitzer Bitterwasser") is strongly mineralized natural bitter water.
 Known since the 16th century for its purgative and gentle laxative effects.
 Rises from a wells located in the vicinity of Zaječice, Sedlec (part of Korozluky) and Korozluky.
 It ranks among strongly mineralized mineral waters of the Magnesium sulphate type; it is cool, hypertonic, slightly opalescent, yellowish, scent-free, with a strongly bitter flavour.
A Bitter electromagnet or Bitter solenoid is a type of electromagnet invented in 1933 by American physicist Francis Bitter used in scientific research to create extremely strong magnetic fields. Bitter electromagnets have been used to achieve the strongest continuous manmade magnetic fields on earth (up to 45 teslas - as of 2011).
Leucopaxillus gentianeus is a bitter-tasting, inedible mushroom commonly known as the bitter false funnelcap, or the bitter brown leucopaxillus.
 A common synonym is "Leucopaxillus amarus".
 The bitter taste is caused by a triterpene called cucurbitacin B.
 The species was first described in 1873 as "Clitocybe gentianea" by French mycologist Lucien Quélet.
 František Kotlaba transferred it to "Leucopaxillus" in 1966.
A jester, court jester, or fool, was historically an entertainer during the medieval and Renaissance eras who was a member of the household of a nobleman or a monarch employed to entertain him and his guests.
 A jester was also an itinerant performer who entertained common folk at fairs and markets.
 Jesters are also modern-day entertainers who resemble their historical counterparts.
Hollywood Outlaw, The Unmaking of a Bitter Jester is the director’s cut of the controversial documentary "Bitter Jester" which was buried in 2004 amidst much scandal, never to be seen again.
 Directed by, written by, and starring Maija DiGiorgio, this film follows her through the construction and subsequent deconstruction of Bitter Jester, including all of the footage that sparked the scandal leading to blackmail and censorship.
Fagopyrum tataricum, also known as Tartary buckwheat, duckwheat, India buckwheat, India wheat, green buckwheat, ku qiao, or bitter buckwheat, is a domesticated food plant in the genus "Fagopyrum" in the family Polygonaceae.
 With another species in the same genus, common buckwheat, it is often counted as a cereal, but unlike the true cereals the buckwheats are not members of the grass family.
 Thus they are not related to true wheat.
 Tartary buckwheat is more bitter, but contains more rutin than common buckwheat.
 It also contains quercitrin.
Ratafia is a term used for two types of sweet alcoholic beverage, either a fortified wine or a fruit-based beverage.
 The latter type is a liqueur or cordial flavoured with lemon peel, herbs in various amounts (nutmeg, cinnamon, clove, mint, rosemary, anise, etc.) typically combined with sugar.
 It may also be prepared with peach or cherry kernels, bitter almonds, or other fruits, as many different varieties are made.
 The same name is given to a flavouring essence resembling bitter almonds, and also to a light biscuit.
 The former type is a type of "mistelle", a mixture of marc brandy and the unfermented juice of the grape, and it is the type of Ratafia produced in France.
Bitter Jester is a documentary starring Maija DiGiorgio, Kenny Simmons, Jody Del Giorno and Heather McConnell.
 It's a portrait of the comedy world that includes interviews with a multitude of stars including Richard Pryor, Richard Belzer and many others.
Light cavalerie vodka is a type of bitter.
 Specifically a type of Polish bitter known as nalewka, a macerate of herbs and spices in a distilled spirit, in this case vodka.
 The family of nalewka for which this belongs is commonly known as "Bitter Drops."
