The Hellenic American University was founded in 2004 in Manchester, New Hampshire, United States, as a degree-granting institution of higher education by an act of the New Hampshire State Legislature.
 Hellenic American University is a member of the New Hampshire College & University Council (NHCUC), a non-profit consortium of 17 public and private institutions of higher education in the state of New Hampshire.
 These institutions are recognized and highly regarded for their outstanding teaching, research, and community service activities.
 They serve as major centers of activity that are vital to the economic development of the community and the state.
Chris Spirou is a politician in New Hampshire in the United States.
 He was born in the town of Porti in the Prefecture of Karditsa, Province of Thessaly, Greece, and migrated in 1956, at the age of 13, to the United States of America.
 He is a graduate of Saint Anselm College, Goffstown, New Hampshire, and holds a Master's Degree in Urban Studies and Social Change from Goddard College, Vermont.
 Spirou lectured in many universities including Harvard University and Dartmouth College and has taught the course as an adjunct professor at New Hampshire College (now Southern New Hampshire University).
 In 1970 he was elected to the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
 He has been New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairman and was a Democratic nominee for governor.
Gregory S. Butler (August 18, 1971, Suffield, Connecticut) is a visual effects supervisor.
 He graduated from Suffield High School in 1989 and afterwards entered Hampshire College.
 Despite his initial plans to study history, a work-study job with the audiovisual equipment in the library made him interested in film production.
 Butler graduated in 1993 with a major in film, television and theater design.
 Afterwards he moved to California to work for Industrial Light and Magic for 9 months, where after intern work he managed to become an assistant in the effects department, starting with assistant credits in "The Mask" and "Forrest Gump".
 Following a job at Rocket Science Games until the company's bankruptcy in 1996, Butler went to Tippett Studio and did effects work in "Starship Troopers" and "My Favorite Martian", rising up to a technical director job, and Cinesite for "Practical Magic".
 While reluctant at the requirement of moving to New Zealand, Butler was convinced by his writer-actor brother Jared to jump at the opportunity of working for Weta Digital in "The Lord of the Rings".
 His biggest achievement was working in the creation of Gollum.
 Butler also worked as a computer graphics supervisor on "I, Robot" before an invitation to work as an effects supervisor for the Moving Picture Company, in London.
 He continues on MPC, but is now on the Vancouver office.
 On January 24, 2012, he was nominated for an Academy Award for "".
Charles R. Longsworth (born August 21, 1929) is the current director of Saul Centers, Inc..
 He assumed this position in June 1993.
 He serves as president Emeritus of Hampshire College.
 He worked as president of The Colonial Williamsburg Foundation from 1977 to 1994, as Chief Executive Officer until November 1992, and Chairman from November 1991 to November 1994.
 He works as Chairman Emeritus of The Colonial Williamsburg Foundation of Williamsburg, Virginia.
 He graduated from Amherst College in 1951 and serves as Life Trustee at the college.
 Mr. Longsworth was Hampshire College's founding vice president who succeeded Franklin Patterson as President (1971–1977), and who had helped draft the final 1965 plan in the form of "The Making of College" from the New College Plan.
Edward Thomson Fairchild (October 30, 1854 – January 23, 1917) was the third President of the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts in Durham, New Hampshire from 1912 to January 23, 1917, when he died in office.
 Prior to serving as President of New Hampshire College, Fairchild served as Kansas state superintendent of public instruction.
Jeffrey Paul "Jeph" Jacques ( ) (born June 17, 1980) is an American cartoonist who writes and draws the webcomics "Questionable Content", "Alice Grove", and "DORD" (and formerly "Indietits").
 He was born in Rockville, Maryland, and graduated from Hampshire College with a degree in music.
 He was married to his business manager Cristi until their amicable separation on January 4, 2014.
 He also has a younger brother, Justin.
David C. Kelly is an associate professor of mathematics at Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts.
 He holds an AB from Princeton, an SM from MIT, and an AM from Dartmouth; and has taught at New College, Oberlin, and Talladega College.
 In 1971 he founded the Hampshire College Summer Studies in Mathematics (HCSSiM), a six-week program for mathematically talented high school students, and has been directing the program ever since.
Jason Salkey (born 24 April 1962) is an English actor who began his career at the age of nine.
 He was born in London, England.
 His father was the noted writer, Andrew Salkey.
 Salkey attended the Holland Park School in England before moving to Amherst, Massachusetts where he graduated high school from Amherst Regional High School in 1980.
 He then earned his degree in Acting and Directing from Hampshire College in Amherst.
 While in school, Salkey became a skilled Frisbee player and eventually went on to become the two-time European Freestyle Frisbee champion.
Lupita Amondi Nyong'o (] , ] ; born March 1, 1983) is a Kenyan-Mexican actress.
 She was born in Mexico to Kenyan parents and raised in Kenya.
 She attended college in the United States, earning a bachelor's degree in film and theater studies from Hampshire College.
Joshua Seth (born December 2, 1968) is an American voice actor, magician, comedian, keynote speaker, mentalist, and entertainer.
 He was born in Kent, Ohio, and graduated from Theodore Roosevelt High School.
 As a child, Seth attended several experimental programs at Kent State University where he was admitted at the age of 8.
 Later, he attended Hampshire College as well as the New York University's film school Tisch School of the Arts where he trained as a performing artist he has lent his voice for many popular anime characters and he is also the best known for voicing as Taichi "Tai" Kamiya in "Digimon Adventure" series.
 He was also the announcer of "Kids WB's Aftertoons Show" block and "Saturdays: Unleashed" block.
 He has also recently stated on "Did You Know Anime?"
 on YouTube that he would reprise his role as Tai Kamiya's English voice actor in "Digimon Fusion", if Saban were to request his services.
 He is confirmed to be reprising his role as Tai in "Digimon Adventure tri.
"
