Burton Speiser (January 24, 1946 – October 18, 2015) was an american medical researcher.
 He earned an AB in Biology from Queens College and directly afterward completed an MD from the New Jersey College of Medicine.
 He finished residency in Radiation Oncology and earned a MS in Radiation Biology from the University of Rochester.
 Dr. Speiser was a Major in the U.S. Air Force where he served as Chief of Radiation Oncology at David Grant Medical Center from '74-'76 at Travis Air Force Base.
 He was Associate Director of Radiation Oncology at LDS Hospital '76-'79 in Salt Lake City, UT.
 He was Assistant Professor of Radiation Oncology at Indiana University '79-'80 in Indianapolis, Indiana.
 Dr. Speiser moved to Phoenix, Arizona in 1980 where he worked as Director of Radiation Oncology at St. Joseph's Hospital and Director of Brachytherapy at Humana Hospital and St. Luke's Hospital.
 While in Arizona, Dr. Speiser developed Arizona Oncology Services.
 The company provided medical services to patients as well as conducting research into cancer treatments.
 That research was subsequently published in a variety of medical journals.
 Dr. Speiser held the position of President of the American Brachytherapy Society from 1996 to 1997
Terren Scott Peizer dubbed the "Zelig of Wall Street" is currently the Chairman of his personal Los Angeles-based investment company, Acuitas Group Holdings (AGH), which in turn owns 100% of Crede Capital Group (CCG) which invests in public companies, and provides growth capital to small and medium-sized enterprises.
 Since its inception in June 2009, CCG has provided companies with capital commitments and funding in excess of $1.2 Billion.
 Besides its ownership of Crede Capital, Acuitas Group owns 72% of Catasys, Inc., a provider of proprietary big data based analytics and predictive modeling driven behavioral health management services for health plans; and owns 100% of NeurMedix, Inc., a biotech company that develops and commercializes disease modifying small molecules to treat neuro-degenerative diseases, such as Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, Migraine disease, Huntington’s disease, ALS, MS, Epilepsy, Traumatic Brain Injury, and Retina disease.
 Peizer is Founder, Chairman of the three Acuitas companies, and is CEO of Catasys, Inc. and Crede Capital Group.
 Having developed a bioscience and healthcare expertise, Peizer’s Crede Capital became the largest shareholder in 22nd Century Group, Inc., a public company that is commercializing bio-plant technology to harm-reduce tobacco, creating very low nicotine and very low tar tobacco products which affect levels of addiction and cancer causing carcinogens.
 On October 1, 2015 New England Journal of Medicine published a landmark study on the company’s very low nicotine spectrum cigarettes.
 In October 2014, Peizer and 22nd Century formed a JV to commercialize the company’s products in China with China National Tobacco Company, the largest tobacco company in the world and the largest monopoly in China.
 China represents over 50% of the worldwide tobacco market.
Moby Zazà is a ferry operated by Moby Lines between Nice and Bastia.
 Until 2015 she was MS "Wind Perfection, an accommodation ship owned and operated by C-bed.
 She was built in 1982 as MS "Olau Britannia by Weser Seebeckswerft in Bremerhaven for Olau Line, who used her on Sheerness—Vlissingen service.
 In 1990 she was sold to Fred.
 Olsen Lines and renamed MS "Bayard for services between Norway and Denmark.
 In 1991 Fred.
 Olsen Lines was sold to Color Line and the "Bayard" passed under their ownership under the name MS "Christian IV.
 In 2008, she was sold to Stella Lines and renamed MS "Julia" for service between Helsinki and St. Petersburg.
 This was a failure and after just two months the "Julia" was laid up.
 In 2009, she was sold to Fastnet Line and entered service on their Swansea—Cork route in 2010, retaining her earlier name.
MS "Moby Dada" is a cruiseferry operated by Moby Lines, under charter from DFDS Seaways.
 She was built in 1981 as "Finlandia" for Effoa at Wärtsilä's Perno shipyard in Turku, Finland, and placed in service on Silja Line's Helsinki—Stockholm service.
 In 1990 she was sold to DFDS Seaways and renamed "Queen of Scandinavia".
 From 2010 until 2016, she operated under the name of "Princess Maria" for St. Peter Line between Helsinki and St. Petersburg, Russia.
MS "Moby Tommy is a fast passenger roll-on/roll-off (Ro-Ro) cruiseferry, currently owned by the Italy-based shipping company Moby Lines and operated on their Piombino and Livorno–Olbia route.
 She was built in 2002 by Samsung Heavy Industries Co. Ltd., Geoje, South Korea for the Greek company, Minoan Lines as MS "Ariadne Palace.
MS "Moby Otta is a cruiseferry, currently owned by the Italy-based shipping company Moby Lines and operated on their Genoa–Olbia service.
 She was built in 1976 by Flender Werke, Lübeck, West Germany as MS "Tor Scandinavia for Tor Line.
 Between 1991 and 2006 she sailed as MS "Princess of Scandinavia".
MS "Arberia is a cruiseferry owned by Chryses Finance Co. and operated by Ilion Lines on their Trieste–Durres–Bari -service.
 She was built in 1975 by Dubegion-Normandie S.A., Nantes, France for Steamship Company Bore, Finland as MS "Bore Star for Steamship Company Bore who used her in Silja Line services on the Baltic Sea.
 During the northern hemisphere winter months she was chartered to Finnlines for cruise services on African west coast.
 In 1980 she was sold to Finland Steamship Company and renamed MS "Silja Star but retained in Silja Line service.
 Between 1986 and 1992 she was used in different cruise and ferry services around the world for various operators under the names MS "Orient Express, MS "Club Sea, MS "Eurosun and MS "Orient Sun.
 In 1992 her ownership passed to Wasa Line and she was renamed MS "Wasa Queen for Baltic Sea ferry service.
 In 1993 Wasa Line was merged into Silja Line and "Wasa Queen" returned to the Silja Line fleet.
 In 2001 she was sold to Star Cruises for use in Far Eastern ferry service and later casino cruising with their daughter company Cruise Ferries without a change in name.
 In 2008 "Wasa Queen" was withdrawn from service, and in 2009 sold to her current owners.
MS "Arrow is a  GT Ro-Ro ferry built by Astilleros de Huelva SA, Huelva, Spain in 1998 as Varbola for the Estonian Shipping Company, Tallinn.
 During a charter to Dart Line she was renamed Dart 6, reverting to "Varbola" when the charter ended.
 In 2005, she was sold to Malta and renamed RR Arrow".
 In 2007, she was sold to Seatruck Ferries, Heysham and renamed "Arrow".
 On 28 April 2014 "Arrow" began operating for the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company on a three-year charter.
 During the summer of 2014, while not required in Steam Packet Company service, the vessel was temporarily sub-chartered to operate between Jersey (Channel Islands) and Portsmouth (England).
 She resumed services in the Irish sea in the winter.
MS "Moby Drea is a cruiseferry, currently owned by the Italy-based shipping company Moby Lines and operated on their Genoa–Olbia service.
 It was built in 1975 by Flender Werke, Lübeck, West Germany as MS "Tor Britannia for Tor Line.
 Between 1991 and 2003 it sailed as MS "Prince of Scandinavia".
Armada Asset Management, LLC is a business conglomerate holding company providing asset management services, consulting, and threat reduction/security services.
 Their main office is located in Newport Beach, CA, with operational locations in Pleasant Grove, UT, Copperas Cove, TX, Hattiesburg, MS, Hampton Roads, VA, and Washington, D.C. Armada Asset Management is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business that bids primarily on low-budget defense contracts relating to military and operational consulting.
