"Mash Off" is the sixth episode of the third season of the American musical television series "Glee", and the fiftieth overall.
 The episode was written by Michael Hitchcock and directed by Eric Stoltz, and originally aired on Fox in the United States on November 15, 2011.
 Special guest star Idina Menzel is featured as rival glee club director Shelby Corcoran, and she and Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) hold a mash-up competition between the Troubletones and the New Directions.
 Santana (Naya Rivera) mercilessly taunts rival glee club member Finn (Cory Monteith), who ultimately responds by publicly accusing her of cowardice in her relationship with Brittany, thereby revealing to their fellow students that she is a lesbian.
 Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) starts a propaganda campaign against Burt Hummel (Mike O'Malley), her chief rival in the special election for congress.
"Bad Reputation" is the seventeenth episode of the American television series, "Glee".
 The episode premiered on the Fox network on May 4, 2010.
 It was directed by Elodie Keene, and written by series creator Ian Brennan.
 In "Bad Reputation", cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) is publicly ridiculed when a video of her dancing to Olivia Newton-John's "Physical" is posted on YouTube.
 A salacious list about members of the glee club circulates the school, leading certain members to try to earn themselves a bad reputation.
 Newton-John guest-stars as herself in the episode, and Molly Shannon makes her first appearance in a recurring role.
 Following their romance in the episode "Mash-Up", club members Rachel (Lea Michele) and Puck (Mark Salling) are reunited, a decision made by the producers due to the unexpected popularity of the pairing.
"The Power of Madonna" is the fifteenth episode of the American television series "Glee".
 The episode premiered on the Fox network on April 20, 2010.
 When cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) demands that Madonna's music be played over the school intercom system, glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) sets the club a Madonna-themed assignment, hoping to empower the female club members.
 "The Power of Madonna" was written and directed by series creator Ryan Murphy, and serves as a musical tribute to Madonna, featuring cover versions of eight of her songs, with the singer having granted "Glee" the rights to her entire catalogue of music. ""
, an album containing studio recordings of songs performed in the episode, was released on April 20, 2010.
"Throwdown" is the seventh episode of the American television series "Glee".
 The episode premiered on the Fox network on October 14, 2009.
 It was directed by series creator Ryan Murphy and written by Brad Falchuk.
 The episode includes a clash between glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) and cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) when she is named co-director of the glee club.
 As Sue tries to divide the club by turning the students against Will, his wife Terri (Jessalyn Gilsig) blackmails her OB/GYN into colluding with her over her fake pregnancy.
Susan Sylvester is a fictional character of the Fox musical comedy-drama series, "Glee".
 Known as Sue Sylvester, the character is portrayed by actress Jane Lynch, and appears in "Glee" from its pilot episode, first broadcast on May 19, 2009, through the show's final episode, first broadcast on March 25, 2015.
 Sue was developed by "Glee" creators Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk, and Ian Brennan.
 For the show's first four seasons, Sue is the track-suit wearing coach of the William McKinley High School cheerleading squad, and a ruthless bully to both students and faculty members alike.
 Because her cheerleading squad competes with the glee club for the school's limited funding, she is often at odds with the club and more particularly its director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison).
 Sue is the main antagonist throughout the series' run.
 In the show's fifth season, Sue is made the school's new principal, though she is ultimately fired late in the show's sixth and final season.
"Funeral" is the twenty-first episode of the second season of the American musical television series "Glee", and the forty-third overall.
 It first aired May 17, 2011 on Fox in the United States, and was written by series creator Ryan Murphy and directed by Bradley Buecker.
 The episode featured Jonathan Groff guest starring as Jesse St. James, who is brought in as a consultant to help the New Directions glee club prepare for the National Show Choir competition.
 Sue Sylvester's (Jane Lynch) sister Jean (Robin Trocki) dies unexpectedly, and the glee club helps Sue plan her funeral.
"The Sue Sylvester Shuffle" is the eleventh episode of the second season of the American musical television series "Glee", and the thirty-third episode overall.
 It was written by Ian Brennan, directed by Brad Falchuk, and was broadcast immediately following Super Bowl XLV on February 6, 2011.
 In the episode, an effort to dispel student rivalry forces the McKinley High football team and glee club to unite.
 When cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) withdraws her squad from the halftime show of a championship football game, the disparate groups must come together to perform a routine and win the game.
Coach Shannon Beiste (later Sheldon Beiste) is a fictional character from the Fox musical comedy-drama series "Glee".
 The character is portrayed by actress Dot-Marie Jones, and has appeared in "Glee" since its second season premiere "Audition", first broadcast on September 21, 2010.
 Coach Beiste is introduced as female championship-winning football coach Shannon Beiste, brought in to make the McKinley High football team successful.
 Coach Beiste immediately comes into conflict with cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) and glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison), though Beiste and Will eventually become good friends.
 In Beiste's first year, the coach successfully steers the team to its first championship.
 When the character returns in the third season, in addition to coaching football, Beiste co-directs the school musical and runs the elections for senior class president.
 Beiste's first boyfriend is Ohio State football recruiter Cooter Menkins (Eric Bruskotter), though Beiste initially faces competition from Sue for him.
 Beiste and Cooter eventually marry, and the coach later finds support from Sue after becoming the victim of domestic abuse, ultimately leaving and then divorcing Cooter.
 In the sixth season, Beiste comes out as transgender (being diagnosed with gender dysphoria) and undergoes gender confirmation surgery, taking on the new name Sheldon Beiste.
"The Rocky Horror Glee Show" is the fifth episode of the second season of the American television series "Glee", and the twenty-seventh episode overall.
 It was written by Ryan Murphy, from a story by Murphy and Tim Wollaston, directed by Adam Shankman, and premiered on Fox on October 26, 2010.
 The episode features the glee club paying tribute to the 1973 musical "The Rocky Horror Show", with elements of its 1975 film adaptation "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", by staging it as a school musical.
 While cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) attempts to sabotage the production, glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) dwells on his feelings for guidance counselor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays), and club members Finn (Cory Monteith) and Sam (Chord Overstreet) deal with body image issues.
 Barry Bostwick and Meat Loaf, who star in the original film, appear in cameo roles in this episode.
"Hell-O" is the fourteenth episode of the American television series "Glee".
 The episode premiered on the Fox network on April 13, 2010.
 It was written by series creator Ian Brennan and directed by Brad Falchuk.
 In "Hell-O", cheer-leading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) attempts to sabotage the relationship between glee club members Finn Hudson (Cory Monteith) and Rachel Berry (Lea Michele).
 Glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) attempts to begin a relationship with school guidance counsellor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays), but several obstacles come between them, including the coach of rival glee club Vocal Adrenaline.
