Baking With Julia is an American television cooking program produced by Julia Child and the name of the book which accompanied the series.
 Each episode featured one pastry chef or baker who demonstrates professional techniques that can be performed in a home kitchen.
 It was taped primarily in Child's Cambridge, Massachusetts house (Julia Child's kitchen was converted into a TV studio for the purpose) and was aired over four television seasons from 1996 to 1999; it is still occasionally aired in reruns on Create on PBS digital stations.
Noël Riley Fitch is a biographer and historian of expatriate intellectuals in Paris in the first half of the 20th century.
 She is the author of several books on Paris ("Literary Cafes of Paris", "Walks in Hemingway’s Paris") as well as three biographies: "Sylvia Beach and the Lost Generation" (1983), translated into Japanese, Spanish, German, Italian and French; "Anaïs: The Erotic Life of Anaïs Nin" (1993), published in French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, and Polish, and nominated for the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle; and she is the first authorized biographer of Julia Child, with "Appetite for Life: the Biography of Julia Child" (1997).
 The Ernest Hemingway book, a biographical and geographical study of his Paris years, has been published in Dutch, the Cafés of Paris book in Dutch and German.
Captain Byron Curtis Weston (April 9, 1832 – November 8, 1898) was a native of Massachusetts who founded the Weston Paper Company in 1863 (which ceased to exist following its sale in 2008) and served as the 32nd Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts from 1880 to 1883.
 He came from an old New England Congregationalist family of extraordinary wealth.
 In 1865, he married Julia Clark Mitchell, with whom he had ten children, including Julia Carolyn Weston, mother to the well known chef Julia Child.
 They lived in a mansion known as Westonholme, in Dalton, Massachusetts.
 Weston was known for his gifts to the community, including the Grace Episcopal Church in his hometown and funds towards the debt incurred for the grading and draining of an athletic field and monies toward upkeep and a grandstand at Williams College.
 Weston received an honorary M.A. from Williams College in 1886 and the field, still used today, was named Weston Field in his honor.
Thomsonfly was a British airline, which had been known as Britannia Airways.
 Thomsonfly was the first stage of TUI AG's plans to expand its business within TUI UK prior to September 2007.
 After TUI UK merged with First Choice Holidays in September 2007, it became part of TUI Travel PLC.
 The new holiday company continued with both in-house airlines (Thomsonfly and First Choice Airways) through Winter 2007 and Summer 2008 until the two were merged on 1 November 2008 as Thomson Airways.
My Life in France is an autobiography by Julia Child, published in 2006.
 It was compiled by Julia Child and Alex Prud'homme, her husband's grandnephew, during the last eight months of her life, and completed and published by Prud'homme following her death in August 2004.
The Julia Child rose, known in the UK as the Absolutely Fabulous rose, is a golden butter or golden floribunda rose, named after the chef Julia Child.
Julie & Julia is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Nora Ephron starring Meryl Streep, Amy Adams, Stanley Tucci, and Chris Messina.
 The film contrasts the life of chef Julia Child in the early years of her culinary career with the life of young New Yorker Julie Powell, who aspires to cook all 524 recipes in Child's cookbook in 365 days, a challenge she described on that made her a published author.
Lucy Tui Hampton Aitken {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Flower, 23 November 1925 – 15 August 2017), generally known as Tui Flower, was a pioneering New Zealand food writer.
 She has been described as "New Zealand's Julia Child".
Julia Child's kitchen is a historic artifact on display on the ground floor of the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History: Kenneth E. Behring Center, located in Washington, D.C., on the National Mall.
 The kitchen is not a replica, but is the actual kitchen used by noted 20th-century cookbook author and cooking show host Julia Child, appearing as the backdrop to several of her television shows.
The Way To Cook (1989, Knopf) is a cookbook and series of instructional videos written by the television personality and cooking teacher Julia Child; Child saw it as her magnum opus and considered it the culmination of her career as a cooking teacher.
 The book was published by Knopf, the firm that published almost all of Child's work from the beginning to the end of her career.
 The video series was produced with and marketed by the WGBH Educational Foundation in Boston but was shot at Child's home in Santa Barbara, California.
