Memorial City is a mixed-use district located in the Memorial area of Houston, Texas, United States.
 Located along Interstate 10 (the Katy Freeway) between Beltway 8 and Bunker Hill Road, the district is anchored by Memorial City Mall, the nation's 38th-largest shopping mall, and the Memorial Hermann Memorial City Medical Center.
 Memorial City has largely been planned and constructed by development firm MetroNational, which owns 265 acre in the area, including the entirety of the mall.
Muad Mohamed Zaki also spelled as Muad Mohamad Zaki with an A, (born 7 April 1982) is from a prominent political and business family in the Maldives.
 He migrated to Malaysia with his family in the 1990s after political turmoil in the Maldives that temporarily drove out large private business owners from the country.
 His father Dato' Mohamed Zaki is a highly respected figure in the Maldives by Presidents and other political figures.
 The family owns a well-known multinational firm named Nazaki Group of Companies which pioneered international trade between Malaysia and Maldives.
Ukrtatnafta is an international oil refining company based in Kremenchuk and founded in 1994.
 It is one of the largest producer of oil products in the country.
 The company operates the largest oil refinery in the country located in Kremenchuk with a capacity of 368500 oilbbl/d and several petrol stations.
 Ukrainian state-owned energy company Naftohaz Ukrainy owns 43.1% of shares in Ukrtatnafta, Tatneft owns 8.6% and the government of Tatarstan owns 28.8%.
Enagás, S.A. (] , originally an initialism for Empresa Nacional del Gas) is a Spanish energy company and European TSO, which owns and operates the nation's gas grid.
 The firm also owns four liquefied natural gas regasification terminals in the country, at Huelva, Barcelona, Cartagena and Gijon.
 In addition, it owns 50% of the plant BBG (Bilbao) and 100% of Gascan.
 The chairman of Enagás is Antonio Llardén Carratalá and his Chief Executive Officer is Marcelino Oreja Arburúa.
 The firm's headquarters are located in Madrid.
 Apart from Spain, Enagás has presence in Mexico, Perú, Chile, Sweden and in the Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP) European project.
Sinclair Broadcast Group is an American telecommunications company that is owned by the family of company founder Julian Sinclair Smith.
 Headquartered in Hunt Valley, Maryland, the company is the second-largest television station operator in the United States (behind Nexstar Media Group) by number of stations, and largest by total coverage; owning and/or operating a total of 173 stations across the country (233 after all currently proposed sales are approved) in over 100 markets (covering 40% of American households), many of which are located in the South and Midwest.
 Sinclair also owns four digital multicast networks (Comet, Charge!
, Stadium, and TBD) and one cable network (Tennis Channel), and owns or operates four radio stations (all based in the Pacific Northwest region).
 Among other non-broadcast properties, Sinclair also owns the professional wrestling promotion Ring of Honor.
Krishnapatnam Port popularly known as KPCL is a privately built and owned all weather, deep water port on the east coast of India, located in the Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh.
 It is located about 190 km north of the Chennai Port and 18 km east of the city of Nellore.
 The port is owned and operated by the Krishnapatnam Port Company Limited (KPCL) which is 92% owned by Hyderabad-based CVR Group.
 The London-based equity firm 3i Group Plc owns the remaining 8% equity in KPCL.
The Liberia Cement Corporation, also known as Cemenco, is a major company in the economy of the Republic of Liberia.
 One of the oldest firms operating in the country in the early twenty-first century, it holds a monopoly on the sale of cement in the country.
 The firm's original factory was opened by Mr. Fouad R Khalifa a Lebanese businessman and by President William V.S. Tubman in early January 1968.
.
 In the early 2010s, another firm announced its goal of entering the Liberian market, but by late 2012, no other companies were yet in the market.
 In response to this challenge, corporate officials announced in November 2012 their plans to erect a new manufacturing plant.
 Its previously existing facility is located on Bushrod Island in Monrovia, as is the site of the plant announced in November 2012; at that time, company bosses were planning to use a site formerly occupied by a manufacturing component of the defunct Mesurado Group of Companies.
 Historically, Cemenco had warehouses at the Freeport of Monrovia, but an ownership dispute over the warehouse property resulted in its conveyance to a Chinese firm in late 2012.
The Zonin family has been making wine since 1821 and currently operates Italy's largest privately owned vineyard and winemaking complex.
 The house produces 25 million bottles and exports its wines to 69 countries.
 The company's headquarters are located in Gambellara in Vicenza province in northeastern Italy.
 The Zonin family owns 4446 acre of vineyards, divided among 11 estates in seven of the country's most highly regarded winemaking regions: Piedmont, Lombardy, Veneto, Friuli, Tuscany, Apulia and Sicily.
 It also owns the Barboursville Vineyards winery in Barboursville, Virginia.
 The house produces a wide range of wines, many of them from varieties native to the regions in which the grapes are grown.
KSQA, virtual and VHF digital channel 12, is a television station licensed to Topeka, Kansas, United States that is an affiliate of The Country Network.
 The station is owned by the KSQA Television Group, a joint venture between Barbara Wade (who owns a controlling 51% interest) and Cooper-Fowler Media (which owns the remaining 49%).
 KSQA maintains offices and transmitter facilities located on Jackson Street in southwest Topeka.
Brisa – Auto-estradas de Portugal, S.A. is Portugal-based international transportation company.
 The group's largest business area is highway management, in which it is the largest concessionaire in its home country.
 Founded in 1972, Brisa also has operations in countries including the United States and the Netherlands.
 Since 2000 Brisa's largest shareholder has been the investment company Grupo José de Mello, which owns over 30% of its stock through subsidiaries.
 The Spanish infrastructure company Abertis holds around 15% of the firm.
 The company is listed on the Lisbon Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the benchmark PSI-20 and Euronext 100 indices.
