Jordan Charles Vogt-Roberts (born September 22, 1984) is an American film and television director and screenwriter.
 His feature directorial debut, "The Kings of Summer", screened at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, where it was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize, and also at the 2013 Cleveland International Film Festival.
 The film won the Narrative Feature Audience Award at the 2013 Dallas International Film Festival.
 He also wrote and directed a short film which screened at the Sundance Film Festival and SXSW, "Successful Alcoholics".
 He also co-wrote and directed the TV series "Mash Up".
 In 2017, Vogt-Roberts directed the MonsterVerse film "".
Dan Curry is a visual effects producer and supervisor, as well as a main title designer in the film and television industry.
Kyle Cooper (Born July 13, 1962) is an American designer known for his work creating title sequences for motion pictures.
 He has produced and directed over 350 visual effects sequences and main title sequences across a broad array of film and various broadcast mediums.
Peter Richardson is an American documentary film director.
 A native of Philomath, Oregon, Richardson is a 1998 graduate of Philomath High School and attended University of Notre Dame on a scholarship.
 After graduating from Notre Dame with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Film Production & Theory, Richardson moved to Los Angeles where he worked for a short time at a publicity company before moving back to Oregon to start work on his first film.
 Richardson has directed two award-winning feature documentaries.
 His first film, "" debuted at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival.
 The film was later aired on the Sundance Channel.
 Richardson's second film, "How to Die in Oregon", premiered on January 23 at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival.
 In addition to directing the film, Richardson also acted as cinematographer, editor, and producer on "How to Die in Oregon".
 The critically acclaimed film went on to win the Grand Jury Prize in the US Documentary competition.
 The film premiered on HBO on May 26, 2011.
 Richardson was the cinematographer on Irene Taylor Brodsky's documentary short film, "Saving Pelican 895", which aired on HBO on April 20, 2011.
The 2006 Sundance Film Festival was held from 19 January to 29 January 2006.
 It was held in Park City, Utah with screenings in Salt Lake City, Utah; Ogden, Utah; and the Sundance Resort.
 It was the 22nd iteration of the Sundance Film Festival, and the celebration of the 25th anniversary of the Sundance Institute.
 The opening night film was "Friends with Money"; the closing night film was "Alpha Dog".
The Sundance Film Festival, a program of the Sundance Institute, is a film festival that takes place annually in Park City, Utah.
 With over 46,660 attendees in 2016, it is the largest independent film festival in the United States.
 Held in January in Park City and Salt Lake City, Utah, as well as at the Sundance Resort, the festival is a showcase for new work from American and international independent filmmakers.
 The festival comprises competitive sections for American and international dramatic and documentary films, both feature films and short films, and a group of out-of-competition sections, including NEXT, New Frontier, Spotlight, Midnight, Premieres and Documentary Premieres.
 The 2017 Sundance Film Festival took place from January 19 to January 29, 2017.
Jennifer Phang is a filmmaker most known for her feature films "Advantageous" (2015), which premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival and won a Special Jury Award for Collaborative Vision there and was also based on her award-winning short film of the same name, and "Half-Life" (2008), which also premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and won "Best Film" awards at a number of film festivals including the Gen Art Film Festival, the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival (now known as CAAMFest) as well an "Emerging Director Award" at the Asian American International Film Festival.
Giona Ostinelli (born March 12, 1986) is a Swiss–Italian composer who resides and works in Los Angeles.
 He has written scores for over 30 feature films that premiered at Sundance Film Festival, Tribeca Film Festival, Cannes International Film Festival, South by Southwest Film Festival, Fantastic Fest, FrightFest, Cincinnati Film Festival, Hamptons International Film Festival, Palm Springs International Film Festival, Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival, Chicago International Children's Film Festival, among others.
 Ostinelli's score for breakout psychological thriller "Darling" released by Lakeshore Records and fan favorite Mondo Records has been described as "one of the most interesting and innovative soundscapes...".
 His soundtrack for "POD" has been shortlisted for the Academy Awards for Best Original Score.
Sarah Price is an American filmmaker, known for the feature documentaries "American Movie" (1999 Winner of the Grand Jury Prize for Documentary at the Sundance Film Festival, released by Sony Pictures Classics), "Caesar's Park" (2001 SXSW Int'l Film Fest, Sundance Channel), "The Yes Men" (2003 Toronto Int'l Film Festival, released by United Artist/MGM), and "Summercamp!
" (2006 Toronto Int'l Film Fest, Sundance Channel).
 Price was also a cinematographer on "The Yes Men Fix the World" (2009 Sundance Film Fest/HBO), and a Co-Producer of "Youssou N’dour: I Bring What I Love" (2008 Toronto Int’l Fest).
 In 2009, she expanded into commercial directing and is represented by Independent Media Inc.
 In 2014, she further expanded into episodic television, directing "The Carrie Diaries" for Warner Brothers.
Wayne Fitzgerald (born March 19, 1930) is an American main title designer.
 Over a career that spanned 55 years, he designed close to a thousand motion picture and television main and end title sequences for top directors such as Francis Ford Coppola, John Huston, Mike Nichols, Robert Redford, Roman Polanski, Arthur Penn, Michael Cimino, Warren Beatty, Herbert Ross, John Hughes, and Quentin Tarantino.
