The Teen Idles were an American hardcore punk band formed in Washington, D.C. in September 1979.
 Consisting of teenagers Nathan Strejcek, Geordie Grindle, Ian MacKaye and Jeff Nelson, the Idles recorded two demo sessions and the 1980 "Minor Disturbance" EP before breaking up in November 1980.
 The influential independent record label Dischord Records was originally created with the sole purpose of releasing the Teen Idles "Minor Disturbance" 7" record.
 They were an early landmark in the D.C. hardcore movement, and MacKaye and Nelson would later form the seminal punk rock outfit Minor Threat.
The Distillers were an Australian-American punk rock band, formed in Los Angeles, California in 1998 by vocalist and guitarist Brody Dalle.
 Dalle co-wrote, played guitar and provided vocals for nearly every track on the band's three albums.
 After the breakup of the band in 2006, Dalle and Distillers guitarist Tony Bevilacqua went on to form Spinnerette.
Brody Dalle (born Bree Joanna Alice Robinson; 1 January 1979) is an Australian-born singer-songwriter and guitarist.
 Dalle began playing music in her adolescence, and moved to Los Angeles, California at age eighteen, where she found the punk rock band The Distillers.
 The group released three albums before disbanding in 2006, and Dalle began another project, Spinnerette, releasing an eponymous album in 2009.
 In 2014, she released "Diploid Love", her first album under her solo name.
Rozzlyn Rangers was the name taken by the 5 original members of the Dischord House in Arlington, Virginia (fairly near Rosslyn, Virginia) in October 1981: Ian MacKaye, Jeff Nelson, Rich Moore, Eddie Janney, and Sab Grey.
 Dischord House housed Dischord Records (founded a year earlier by The Teen Idles, shortly thereafter to be run by Ian MacKaye and Jeff Nelson).
 Despite its terribly low ceiling, many DC punk bands practiced in its basement over the years: Minor Threat, Skewbald, Iron Cross, The Faith, Second Wind, Rites of Spring, Embrace, Three, Fugazi, Beefeater, Fidelity Jones, Happy Go Licky, Kingface, One Last Wish, The Evens.
Amy Farina is a musician living in Washington, D.C. As of 2001, Farina has played drums and sings in the Indie rock duo The Evens which includes her husband Ian MacKaye.
 Previously she has played in The Warmers (which included Ian's younger brother Alec MacKaye), Mister Candy Eater, Ted Leo & the Pharmacists and with Lois Maffeo.
 She and MacKaye welcomed their first child, Carmine Francis Farina MacKaye, on May 24, 2008.
 She is the sister of Geoff Farina of the band Karate.
Life Time is the first full-length studio album by Rollins Band, fronted by ex-Black Flag singer, Henry Rollins.
 The album was produced by Ian MacKaye, well known in the genre of hardcore punk for his work with Minor Threat and as co-owner of the Dischord record label.
 MacKaye was also a childhood friend of Rollins, who acted as a roadie for MacKaye's band The Teen Idles.
 It was originally released in 1987 and included four live tracks recorded in Kortrijk, Belgium in October 1987.
 It was subsequently re-mastered and re-released in 1999 without the live tracks, but with the addition of three session tracks from the "Do It" album of 1987.
 The 2014 reissue on Dischord includes the live tracks but not the bonus tracks included on the 1999 reissue .
Jeff Nelson (born 1962 in South Africa) is an American drummer and graphic designer.
 He is best known as the drummer for the Washington, D.C. hardcore punk band Minor Threat.
 Nelson and friend Ian MacKaye formed their first band, The Slinkees, in 1979.
 Their next band was The Teen Idles.
 He also co-founded the independent record label Dischord Records along with MacKaye in 1980, whose first record was the Teen Idles.
 They continue to run Dischord together.
 The duo also comprised the projects Skewbald/Grand Union and Egg Hunt; both bands recorded only one single.
 Nelson has also played in the bands Feedbag, Three, Wonderama, Senator Flux, High Back Chairs, and Fast Piece of Furniture.
 He founded Pedestrian Press in 1988 and Adult Swim Records in 1989.
 An aficionado and collector of Jeep Wagoneers and Victorian architecture, Nelson currently lives in the historic "Old West End" of Toledo, Ohio.
 In 2008 he formed a community organization called Save Our Scott, which led the fight to save Toledo's oldest high school, built in 1912.
 (Jessup W. Scott High School was saved, and underwent a $42 million renovation).
Dischord Records is a Washington, D.C.-based independent record label specializing in the independent punk music of the D.C.-area music scene.
 The company is co-owned by Ian MacKaye and Jeff Nelson, who founded the label in December 1980.
 Before founding Dischord, both MacKaye and Nelson were members of the Teen Idles, and the label was initially meant to only foster a single release from the defunct band, the "Minor Disturbance" EP.
 By the time Dischord #1 was finished, many new bands had emerged from the same music scene, and like the Teen Idles, also began releasing their records through Dischord.
Ian Thomas Garner MacKaye ( ; born April 16, 1962) is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, musician, record label owner and producer.
 Active since 1979, MacKaye is best known as the co-founder and owner of Dischord Records, a Washington, D.C.-based independent record label and the frontman of the influential hardcore punk band Minor Threat and the post-hardcore band Fugazi.
 MacKaye was also the frontman for the short-lived bands The Teen Idles, Embrace and Pailhead, a collaboration with the band Ministry.
 MacKaye is a member of The Evens, a two-piece indie rock group he formed with his wife Amy Farina in 2001.
The Evens are a Washington, D.C. indie-rock duo, formed in the fall of 2001, comprising partners Ian MacKaye (guitars, vocals) (of Fugazi, formerly of Minor Threat) and Amy Farina (drums, vocals) (formerly of The Warmers).
 After Ian MacKaye's band Fugazi entered a hiatus, The Evens began practicing extensively, and eventually played a few shows and recorded a self-titled album, released in March 2005 on MacKaye's label, Dischord Records.
 The Evens are known for their unusual choices in venues for performances and the stylistic change from what many have dubbed the "D.C." or "Dischord" sound. "
The Washington Post" has described the sound as "what happens when post-hardcore becomes post-post-hardcore."
