The Magic Window (also known as The House with the Magic Window) was an American children's television program broadcast on ABC affiliate WOI-TV in Ames, Iowa from 1951 to 1994.
 With a run of 43 years, it was the longest running children's television program in American history.
 ("Bozo's Circus" technically had a longer run; however, it was made in many different local markets by different producers.)
 Producer Dick Hartzell and WOI TV artist Joy (Ringham) Munn developed the show as an educational children's program, which featured handicraft activities, news items, and birthday recognition for the children viewing the show.
 Joy co-hosted the show with Craighton Knau for the first season (1951-1952), which was 30 minutes long and aired 3 times per week.
 During the second season, she became the sole host of the program.
 For that season the show was 15 minutes long and aired 5 days per week.
 Joy left the show in 1953.
 For all but the first three years of the show, it was hosted by Betty Lou Varnum, another pioneer in central-Iowa broadcasting.
Itanong mo kay Soriano (Tagalog for ""Ask Soriano, the Bible Will Answer"") is a religious radio and television program in the Philippines produced by the Members Church of God International and hosted by Eli Soriano.
 Unlike its sister program, Ang Dating Daan, the program features a question and answer format in which any visitor in the show can ask Soriano about biblical teachings.
 In the Philippines, the broadcast of this program takes place right after Ang Dating Daan and it became a separate show in 1993.
 In the other countries, however, this show is part of the TV program O Caminho Antigo which is also hosted by Soriano.
 He regularly conducts "Bible Expositions" in specific venues (stadiums, public places, etc.) where the people can ask him personally on biblical issues, the Exposition is then recorded and broadcast as this show.
Andy's Gang was a children's television program broadcast on NBC from August 20, 1955, to December 31, 1960., hosted by the actor Andy Devine.
 It was the successor to the radio and television program "Smilin' Ed McConnell and His Buster Brown Gang" (later shortened to "Smilin' Ed's Gang").
 Devine took over the television program when McConnell died suddenly of a heart attack in 1954.
 Devine inherited a number of characters from the earlier show and the sponsor, Buster Brown shoes.
Federalna televizija (locally known as FTV or Federalna TV) is a public mainstream TV channel operated by Radio-Television of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (RTVFBiH).
 The program is broadcast on a daily basis, 24 hours from RTVFBiH headquarters located in Sarajevo.
 The radio and television program is mainly produced in Serbo-Croatian language.
 Television program initially aired on two television channels (FTV1 and FTV2).
 Since April 2003 the television program is reduced to one (just FTV).
 According to the most recent measurements viewership of television channels in 2012, FTV is most watched television station in Bosnia and Herzegovina with 14.4% share.
Hmong Today is a television program that airs on KNXT in Fresno, California.
 Ben Vue started the television program in 1993.
 It was the first television channel established to serve the Hmong American community.
 As of 2003 the program airs on Saturday nights, with 15,000 to 20,000 viewers per airing.
 Because many Hmong originated from a non-literate culture, television is used to reach many of the Hmong population.
 The program features interviews with leaders of the Hmong community, news programming, and information for the public good.
 The program reached its tenth anniversary in June 2003.
 As part of the anniversary, Vue planned to add new programming catering to young people, including material on civic responsibilities, communication within families, development of leadership skills, and suicides of teenagers.
 This would result in a decrease of programming referring to economic development, education, and other general issues.
 To compensate for this, Vue would add material related to those subjects to his "Hmong Community Radio" program on KBIF, which was scheduled to begin in 2003.
Afghan Television Voice of Christ (sometimes shortened as ATVOC or Afghan Television) is a television program of the Afghan Christians based in Memphis, Tennessee.
 The 90-minute live weekly programs are broadcast into Afghanistan on Tuesdays and Thursdays with multiple repeats on throughout the week with gospel messages and other Bible teachings and Christian songs.
 It is broadcast through the satellite Hot Bird to audiences in Afghanistan, Pakistan, India, Iran, Tajikistan and also most of Europe.
 The host of this television program is Hussain Andaryas.
Released in 1995, Kill the Musicians was meant to serve as a "cleaning up" of loose ends after Screeching Weasel's breakup in 1994.
 The compilation collects demos, b-sides, vinyl-only EPs, and other various odds and ends the band had accumulated in their career from 1989 to 1994.
 It came on the heels of 1994's "How to Make Enemies and Irritate People", which itself was a collection of the final songs the band had written prior to splitting up.
 The band would soon reform in 1996 and remain together again until 2000, when they disbanded again.
 This collection was out of print for a short period until it was remastered and re-released by Asian Man Records in 2005.
 The original album contained an in-depth essay written by Ben Weasel covering the history of the band.
 This was later omitted from the re-issue.
How to Irritate People is a 1968 television broadcast written by John Cleese, Graham Chapman, Marty Feldman and Tim Brooke-Taylor.
 Cleese, Chapman, and Brooke-Taylor also feature in it, along with future Monty Python collaborators Michael Palin and Connie Booth.
Science in Action was a weekly half-hour television program devoted to science.
 The program was produced by the California Academy of Sciences, and was broadcast from 1950-1966.
 It was thus among the first live science television program in the United States; "The Johns Hopkins Science Review" was broadcast from 1948–1955, and is apparently the very first such program.
 In all, 566 programs were produced.
 Dr. Tom Groody hosted the program for its first two years; he was succeeded by Dr. Earl S. Herald, who was the host for the following fourteen years until production ceased in 1966.
Monty Python's Contractual Obligation Album is the final studio album by Monty Python, released in 1980.
 As the title suggests, the album was put together to complete a contract with Charisma Records.
 Besides newly written songs and sketches, the sessions saw re-recordings of material that dated back to the 1960s pre-Python shows "I'm Sorry I'll Read That Again", "The Frost Report", "At Last The 1948 Show" and "How To Irritate People".
 One track, "Bells", dates from the sessions for "Monty Python's Previous Record", while further material was adapted from Eric Idle's post-Python series "Rutland Weekend Television".
 The group also reworked material written but discarded from early drafts of "Life Of Brian" as well as the initial scripts for what would eventually become "The Meaning Of Life".
