Veljko Čubrilović (Serbian Cyrillic: Вељко Чубриловић; 6 June 1886 – 3 February 1915) was a Bosnian Serb who was involved in the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria.
Franz Ferdinand Carl Ludwig Joseph Maria (18 December 1863 – 28 June 1914) was an Archduke of Austria-Este, Austro-Hungarian and Royal Prince of Hungary and of Bohemia and, from 1896 until his death, heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian throne.
The "Ersatz Zenta"-class was a class of three planned light cruisers of the Austro-Hungarian Navy designed in the mid-1910s as part of a naval expansion program passed during a period of rising tensions in Europe.
 Several designs were proposed, including options for a so-called "yacht cruiser" that was to have been used by Archduke Franz Ferdinand, the heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne.
 The design that was ultimately selected called for ships that were capable of speeds of at least 30 kn , with an armament of fourteen 12 cm guns and a thin armored belt that was 20 mm thick.
Archduke Franz Ferdinand was the heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne whose assassination precipitated World War I.
Vaso Čubrilović (Serbian Cyrillic: ; 14 January 1897 – 11 June 1990) was a Bosnian Serb scholar and Yugoslav politician.
 As a teenager, he joined the South Slav student movement known as Young Bosnia and was involved in the conspiracy to assassinate Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria on 28 June 1914.
 His brother, Veljko, was also involved in the plot.
 Čubrilović was convicted of treason by the Austro-Hungarian authorities and given a sixteen-year sentence; his brother was sentenced to death and executed.
 Čubrilović was released from prison at war's end and studied history at the universities of Zagreb and Belgrade.
 In 1937, he delivered a lecture to the Serbian Cultural Club in which he advocated the expulsion of Albanians from Yugoslavia.
 Two years later, he became a history professor at the University of Belgrade.
 Following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, Čubrilović was arrested by the Germans and sent to the Banjica concentration camp, where he remained imprisoned for much of the war.
Konopiště (] ; German: "Konopischt" ) is a four-winged, three-storey château located in the Czech Republic, about 50 km southeast of Prague, outside the city of Benešov.
 It has become famous as the last residence of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, whose assassination in Sarajevo triggered World War I.
 The bullet that killed him, fired by Gavrilo Princip, is now an exhibit at the castle's museum.
The 1910s (pronounced "nineteen-tens", also abbreviated as the "teens") was a decade of the Gregorian calendar that began on January 1, 1910, and ended on December 31, 1919.
 The 1910s represented the culmination of European militarism which had its beginnings during the second half of the 19th century.
 The conservative lifestyles during the first half of the decade, as well as the legacy of military alliances, was forever changed by the assassination, on June 28, 1914, of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, the heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian throne.
 The murder triggered a chain of events in which, within 33 days, World War I broke out in Europe on August 1, 1914.
 The conflict dragged on until a truce was declared on November 11, 1918, leading to the controversial, one-sided Treaty of Versailles, which was signed on June 28, 1919.
World War I (also known as the First World War and the Great War) was a global military conflict that embroiled most of the world's great powers, assembled in two opposing alliances: the Entente and the Central Powers.
 The immediate cause of the war was the June 28, 1914 assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, by Gavrilo Princip, a Bosnian Serb citizen of Austria–Hungary and member of the Black Hand.
 The retaliation by Austria–Hungary against Serbia activated a series of alliances that set off a chain reaction of war declarations.
 Within a month, much of Europe was in a state of open warfare, resulting in the mobilization of more than 65 million European soldiers, and more than 40 million casualties—including approximately 20 million deaths by the end of the war.
Sophie, Duchess von Hohenberg (Czech: "Žofie Marie Josefína Albína hraběnka Chotková z Chotkova a Vojnína" ; German: "Sophie Maria Josephine Albina Gräfin Chotek von Chotkow und Wognin" ; 1 March 1868 – 28 June 1914), was the morganatic wife of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, the heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne.
 Their assassination in Sarajevo sparked a series of events that eventually led to World War I.
The Ducal House of Hohenberg is an Austrian noble family that descends from Countess Sophie Chotek (1868–1914), who in 1900 married Archduke Francis Ferdinand of Austria-Este (1863–1914), the heir presumptive to the throne of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
 As their marriage was a morganatic one, none of their children were in the line of succession to the Austro-Hungarian throne.
 Still, they represent the senior agnatic line of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
