Tonto Basin Outlaws is a 1941 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, the tenth of the entries in the Range Busters series.
 Despite the film's title, the action takes place in Montana, not Arizona's Tonto Basin.
 Like the other of the Range Busters series, the film was shot at Corriganville Movie Ranch and used footage from silent Westerns.
Fugitive Valley is a 1941 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, one of the Range Busters series of western films.
Wild Horse Stampede is a 1943 American Western film, directed by Alan James and starring Ken Maynard and Hoot Gibson playing marshals with their own names in the manner of Gene Autry and Roy Rogers.
 It was the first of eight Monogram Pictures "The Trail Blazers" film series, replacing the studio's Range Busters series.
Ray "Crash" Corrigan (February 14, 1902 – August 10, 1976), born Raymond Benard (or Raymond Benitz, according to some sources), was an American actor most famous for appearing in many B-Western films (among these the Three Mesquiteers and Range Busters film series).
 He also was a stuntman and frequently acted as silver screen gorillas using his own gorilla costumes.
Trail Riders is a 1942 American film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey, one of the Range Busters series.
Underground Rustlers is a 1941 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, one of the films in the Range Busters series.
 The film is also known as Bullets and Bullion (US review title).
The Range Busters was a film series of 24 Westerns of the adventures of a trio of cowboys, many filmed at the Corriganville Movie Ranch, produced by George W. Weeks and distributed by Monogram Pictures.
 The series used "Home on the Range" as its theme song with each film featuring the heroes waving goodbye and promising to return in another adventure.
Bullets and Saddles is a 1943 western film produced by Monogram Pictures Corporation.
 It is the final entry in the Range Busters film series and also uses footage from Fugitive Valley, another film in the series.
Saddle Mountain Roundup is a 1941 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, one of the Range Busters series.
Arizona Stage Coach is a 1942 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, one of the series of western Range Busters films.
