In physics and electrical engineering, a conductor is an object or type of material that allows the flow of an electrical current in one or more directions.
 Materials made of metal are common electrical conductors.
 Electrical current is generated by the flow of negatively charged electrons, positively charged holes, and positive or negative ions in some cases.
In chemistry, an ionic compound is a chemical compound composed of ions held together by electrostatic forces termed ionic bonding.
 The compound is neutral overall, but consists of positively charged ions called cations and negatively charged ions called anions.
 These can be simple ions such as the sodium (Na) and chloride (Cl) in sodium chloride, or polyatomic species such as the ammonium (NH4+ ) and carbonate (CO32− ) ions in ammonium carbonate.
 Individual ions within an ionic compound usually have multiple nearest neighbours, so are not considered to be part of molecules, but instead part of a continuous three-dimensional network, usually in a crystalline structure.
The effective nuclear charge (often symbolized as formula_1 or formula_2) is the net positive charge experienced by an electron in a polyelectronic atom.
 The term "effective" is used because the shielding effect of negatively charged electrons prevents higher orbital electrons from experiencing the full nuclear charge of the nucleus due to the repelling effect of inner-layer electrons.
 The effective nuclear charge experienced by the outer shell electron is also called the core charge.
 It is possible to determine the strength of the nuclear charge by the oxidation number of the atom.
Ionic bonding is a type of chemical bond that involves the electrostatic attraction between oppositely charged ions, and is the primary interaction occurring in ionic compounds.
 The ions are atoms that have gained one or more electrons (known as anions, which are negatively charged) and atoms that have lost one or more electrons (known as cations, which are positively charged).
 This transfer of electrons is known as electrovalence in contrast to covalence.
 In the simplest case, the cation is a metal atom and the anion is a nonmetal atom, but these ions can be of a more complex nature, e.g. molecular ions like NH or SO.
 In simpler words, an ionic bond is the transfer of electrons from a metal to a non-metal in order to obtain a full valence shell for both atoms.
Alcator C-Mod was a tokamak, a magnetically confined nuclear fusion device, at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Plasma Science and Fusion Center (PSFC).
 In 2016 it achieved the highest yet magnetic field strength and highest plasma pressure, which is notable because it does not use superconducting magnets.
 It was one of the major fusion research facilities in the United States.
Highly charged ions (HCI) are ions in very high charge states due to the loss of many or most of their bound electrons by energetic collisions or high-energy photon absorption.
 Examples are 13-fold ionized iron, Fe or Fe (XIV) in spectroscopic notation, found in the Sun's corona, or "naked" uranium, U, bare all bound electrons, which requires very high energy for its production.
 HCI are found in stellar coronae, in active galactic nuclei, in supernova remnants, and in accretion disks. Most of the visible matter found in the universe consists of highly charged ions .
 High temperature plasmas used for nuclear fusion energy research also contain HCI generated by the plasma-wall interaction (see Tokamak).
 In the laboratory, HCI are investigated by means of heavy ion particle accelerators and electron beam ion traps.
Plasma (from Ancient Greek πλάσμα , meaning "moldable substance" or "jelly") can simply be considered as a gaseous mixture of negatively charged electrons and highly charged positive ions, however, true plasma production is from the distinct separation of these ions and electrons that produces an electric field, which in turn, produces electric currents and magnetic fields. Plasma is one of the four fundamental states of matter and was first introduced by chemist Irving Langmuir in the 1920s.
 Unlike, the other three states of solid, liquid, and gas, plasma does not freely exist on the Earth.
 Plasma can be generated by heating neutral gases or by subjecting gas to a strong electromagnetic field.
A gas nuclear reactor (or "gas fueled reactor") is a proposed kind of nuclear reactor in which the nuclear fuel would be in a gaseous state rather than liquid or solid.
 In this type of reactor, the only temperature-limiting materials would be the reactor walls.
 Conventional reactors have stricter limitations because the core would melt if the fuel temperature were to rise too high.
 It may also be possible to confine gaseous fission fuel magnetically, electrostatically or electrodynamically so that it would not touch (and melt) the reactor walls.
 A potential benefit of the gaseous reactor core concept is that instead of relying on the traditional Rankine or Brayton conversion cycles, it may be possible to extract electricity magnetohydrodynamically, or with simple direct electrostatic conversion of the charged particles.
An astrophysical plasma is a plasma (a highly ionized gas) whose physical properties are studied as part of astrophysics.
 Much of the baryonic matter of the universe is thought to consist of plasma, a state of matter in which atoms and molecules are so hot, that they have ionized by breaking up into their constituent parts, negatively charged electrons and positively charged ions. Because the particles are charged, they are strongly influenced by electromagnetic forces, that is, by magnetic and electric fields.
 All astrophysical plasmas are likely influenced by magnetic fields.
Cationic liposomes are structures that are made of positively charged lipids and are increasingly being researched for use in gene therapy due to their favourable interactions with negatively charged DNA and cell membranes.
 Upon interacting with negatively charged DNA, cationic liposomes form clusters of aggregated vesicles.
 At a critical density the DNA is condensed and becomes encapsulated within a lipid bilayer, although it is possible that the liposomes bind along the surface of the DNA, retaining its shape.
 They are also able to interact with negatively charged cell membranes more readily than classical liposomes.
 Fusion between cationic vesicles and cell surfaces can deliver the DNA directly across the plasma membrane.
 This process bypasses the endosomal-lysosomal route which leads to degradation of anionic liposome formulations.
