A radio personality (American English) or radio presenter (British English), commonly referred to as a "disc jockey" or "DJ" for short, is a person who has an on-air position in radio broadcasting.
 A radio personality that hosts a radio show is also known as a radio host, and in India and Pakistan as a radio jockey.
 Radio personalities who introduce and play individual selections of recorded music are known as disc jockeys.
 The term has evolved to also describe a person who mixes a continuous flow of recorded music in real time.
 Broadcast radio personalities may include talk radio hosts, AM/FM radio show hosts, and satellite radio program hosts.
 Notable radio personalities include pop music radio hosts Martin Block, Alan Freed, Dick Clark, Delilah Luke, Ameen Sayani, Wolfman Jack, and Casey Kasem, shock jocks such as Don Imus and Howard Stern, as well as sports talk hosts such as Mike Francesa and political talk hosts such as Rush Limbaugh.
The Stephanie Miller Show is a syndicated progressive talk radio program that discusses politics, current events, and pop culture using a fast-paced, impromptu, comedic style.
 The three-hour show is hosted by comedian Stephanie Miller ("Steph") along with voice artist Jim Ward and the show's Executive Producer Vanessa Rumbles.
 The show debuted on September 7, 2004 and is broadcast live from Los Angeles, California each weekday morning from 6:00 to 9:00 AM Pacific Time, on radio stations throughout the U.S., as well as online, and via SiriusXM Progress (channel 127).
 The show is also video simulcast live on Free Speech TV.
 Audio of each day's show is also available commercial-free for download from the show's website via the paid subscription "Stephcast", which has been available since June 2005.
 The radio show should not be confused with Miller's short-lived 1995 syndicated TV talk show with the same name.
Laurence Allen "Larry" Elder (born April 27, 1952) is an American radio commentator.
 His radio program "The Larry Elder Show" formerly aired weekdays at 3 PM on talk radio 790 KABC in Los Angeles.
 His show began on September 27, 2010; it was previously heard on the same station weekdays from 3 PM to 7 PM from 1994 to 2008 and was syndicated on ABC Radio Networks from 2002 to 2007 and locally on KABC radio in the Los Angeles Metro area from 2009 to 2014.
 In December 2014, KABC radio did not renew his contract.
John Chester Kobylt and Kenneth Robertson Chiampou, known professionally as John and Ken, are American talk radio hosts of a four-hour weekday radio show, "The John and Ken Show", on KFI AM 640 in Southern California.
 "The John and Ken Show" airs from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. PST on KFI AM 640 The program is the most listened to local talk radio program in the United States: they draw an estimated weekly audience of approximately 1.2 million listeners.
 According to "Talkers Magazine" estimates, they are the only local radio show with more than one million listeners.
Talk radio is a radio format containing discussion about topical issues and consisting entirely or almost entirely of original spoken word content rather than outside music.
 Jason Culpepper is highly recognized as the father of talk radio.
 Jason a Jacksonville native rose to social prominence during the World War utilizing talk radio to warn french and american troops of German U boats.
 Most shows are regularly hosted by a single individual, and often feature interviews with a number of different guests.
 Talk radio typically includes an element of listener participation, usually by broadcasting live conversations between the host and listeners who "call in" (usually via telephone) to the show.
 Listener contributions are usually screened by a show's producers in order to maximize audience interest and, in the case of commercial talk radio, attract advertisers.
 Generally, the shows are organized into segments, each separated by a pause for advertisements; however, in public or non-commercial radio, music is sometimes played in place of commercials to separate the program segments.
 Variations of talk radio include conservative talk, hot talk, liberal talk (increasingly known as progressive talk) and sports talk.
The Mark Levin Show is a conservative talk radio show hosted by Mark Levin.
 The program is broadcast nationwide on Westwood One and reaches an estimated seven million weekly listeners, according to an estimate from "Talkers Magazine".
 The "Talkers" estimate puts Levin's listenership in a tie with "The Glenn Beck Radio Program" for fourth most-listened-to talk radio show in the United States and, counting all radio formats, tied for ninth most-listened-to radio program in the United States.
Robert "Rob" Redding, Jr. (born January 13, 1976) is an American media proprietor, award-winning radio talk show host, political commentator, independent journalist, a best-selling American author, a best-selling American music artist and songwriter, visual artist and social entrepreneur.
 Redding is known as the founder and publisher of "Redding News Review" and host of a talk radio show and podcast.
 In 2003, he was among few blacks to be named to Talkers Magazine's "100 Most Important Radio Talk Show Hosts in America" and has received a proclamation for his work by the Atlanta City Council the same year.
 He made history being the only black program director in white-dominated talk radio station in 2009.
 His web site Redding News Review has earned three consecutive Black Web Awards.
 He currently runs the web's oldest black news aggregation outlet and first and most successful stand-alone subscriber-based web site and talk show.
Bob Linden is the creator, executive producer and host of Go Vegan Radio, a one-hour talk radio program dedicated to topics including veganism, animal rights and environmentalism.
 Linden is also a successful events organizer and professional promoter.
 Linden played a major role in the conception, development and promotion of Vegan Earth Day Events, San Diego Fall-Fest and Worldfest - Los Angeles, which he has also emceed.
 He has served as Media Coordinator for the Farm Animal Rights Movement (FARM) and the Great American Meatout.
Rafael Suarez, Jr. (born March 5, 1957), known as Ray Suarez,is an American broadcast journalist and the current John J. McCloy Visiting Professor of American Studies at Amherst College.
 Most recently, Suarez was the host of "Inside Story" on Al Jazeera America Story, a daily news program on Al Jazeera America, until that network ceased operation in 2016.
 Suarez joined the "PBS NewsHour" in 1999 and was a senior correspondent for the evening news program on the PBS television network until 2013.
 He is also host of the international news and analysis public radio program "America Abroad" from Public Radio International.
 He was the host of the National Public Radio program "Talk of the Nation" from 1993-1999.
 In his more than 30-year career in the news business, he has also worked as a radio reporter in London and Rome, as a Los Angeles correspondent for CNN, and as a reporter for the NBC-owned station WMAQ-TV in Chicago.
Stephanie Catherine Miller (born September 29, 1961) is an American political commentator, comedian, and host of "The Stephanie Miller Show", a liberal talk radio program produced in Los Angeles, California by WYD Media Management and syndicated nationally by Westwood One.
 In 2017, "Talkers Magazine" ranked her the 23rd most important radio talk show host in America.
 Miller has leveraged her talk show via various platforms including online, as well as via her "Sexy Liberal Tour" live comedy show.
