More than eighty anti-nuclear groups are operating, or have operated, in the United States.
 These include: Abalone Alliance, Clamshell Alliance, Greenpeace USA, Institute for Energy and Environmental Research, Musicians United for Safe Energy, Nevada Desert Experience, Nuclear Control Institute, Nuclear Information and Resource Service, Public Citizen Energy Program, Shad Alliance, and the Sierra Club.
 These are direct action, environmental, health, and public interest organizations who oppose nuclear weapons and/or nuclear power.
 In 1992, the chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission said that "his agency had been pushed in the right direction on safety issues because of the pleas and protests of nuclear watchdog groups".
Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility is a non-profit, anti-nuclear, public interest organization founded in 2005, and based in San Luis Obispo, California.
 It is focused on public citizen activism and public participation with regard to the Diablo Canyon Power Plant, also known as the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant.
 The focus of the group is primarily on using leverage at the level of state agencies such as the California Public Utilities Commission.
 Concurrent jurisdiction of their concern also includes the California Coastal Commission, which certifies compliance of all action within the coastal zone which thus includes the plant.
 Their posture is primarily oppositional.
 Other venues for activism include the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, California Energy Commission, Regional Water Quality Control Board, SLO County, the California legislature, the office of the state attorney general, and the US Congress, of which they are in the 23rd District.
The Oconee Nuclear Station is a nuclear power station located on Lake Keowee near Seneca, South Carolina, and has an energy output capacity of over 2,500 megawatts.
 It is the second nuclear power station in the United States to have its operating license extended for an additional twenty years by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) (the application for the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant in Maryland preceded it).
The Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (Pub.L.
 93–438 , 88 Stat.
 1233 , enacted  11, 1974 , codified at 42 U.S.C.A. § 5801) is a United States federal law that established the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
 Under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, a single agency, the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission, had responsibility for the development and production of nuclear weapons and for both the development and the safety regulation of the civilian uses of nuclear materials.
 The Act of 1974 split these functions, assigning to the Energy Research and Development Administration (now the United States Department of Energy) the responsibility for the development and production of nuclear weapons, promotion of nuclear power, and other energy-related work, and assigning to the NRC the regulatory work, which does not include regulation of defense nuclear facilities.
 The Act of 1974 gave the Commission its collegial structure and established its major offices.
Special nuclear material is a term used by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission of the United States to classify fissile materials.
 The NRC divides special nuclear material (SNM) into three main categories, according to the risk and potential for its direct use in a clandestine nuclear weapon or for its use in the production of nuclear material for use in a nuclear weapon.
A nuclear meltdown (core melt accident or partial core melt) is a severe nuclear reactor accident that results in core damage from overheating.
 The term "nuclear meltdown" is not officially defined by the International Atomic Energy Agency or by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
 However, it has been defined to mean the accidental melting of the core of a nuclear reactor, and is in common usage a reference to the core's either complete or partial collapse.
The nuclear energy policy of the United States developed within two main periods, from 1954–1992 and 2005–2010.
 The first period saw the ongoing building of nuclear power plants, the enactment of numerous pieces of legislation such as the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974, and the implementation of countless policies which have guided the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Department of Energy in the regulation and growth of nuclear energy companies.
 This includes, but is not limited to, regulations of nuclear facilities, waste storage, decommissioning of weapons-grade materials, uranium mining, and funding for nuclear companies, along with an increase in power plant building.
 Both legislation and bureaucratic regulations of nuclear energy in the United States have been shaped by scientific research, private industries' wishes, and public opinion, which has shifted over time and as a result of different nuclear disasters.
The anti-nuclear movement in the United States consists of more than 80 anti-nuclear groups that oppose nuclear power, nuclear weapons, and/or uranium mining.
 These have included the Abalone Alliance, Clamshell Alliance, Committee for Nuclear Responsibility, Nevada Desert Experience, Nuclear Information and Resource Service, Physicians for Social Responsibility, Plowshares Movement, and Women Strike for Peace.
 The anti-nuclear movement has delayed construction or halted commitments to build some new nuclear plants, and has pressured the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to enforce and strengthen the safety regulations for nuclear power plants.
Annie Caputo is an American political advisor and government official.
 Currently serving as senior policy advisor for Chairman John Barrasso (R-WY) on the United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, she is President Donald Trump's nominee to become a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the remainder of a five-year term expiring on June 30, 2021.
David A. Wright is an American businessman, politician, and energy policy advisor.
 In May 2017, he was nominated by President Donald Trump to become a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the remainder of a five-year term expiring on June 30, 2020.
