Founded in 1860, New York Medical College (known colloquially as "NYMC" or "New York Med"), a member of the Touro College and University System, is a private biomedical health sciences university based in Valhalla, New York, in Westchester County in the lower Hudson Valley region of New York state just 13 miles north of New York City.
 It is the only biomedical health sciences and research university between New York City and the state capital of Albany, New York.
Circumstantial Productions is a multimedia production and book publishing company founded by Richard Connolly in Nyack, New York.
Frederic Storm (July 2, 1844 – June 9, 1935) was a United States Representative from New York.
 Born in Alsace, France, he immigrated to the United States in 1846 with his parents, who settled in New York City.
 He attended the public schools of New York City and engaged in the cigar manufacturing business.
 He was a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1894; and a member of the New York State Assembly (Queens Co., 2nd D.) in 1896.
 He was a member of the Queens County Republican committee from 1894 to 1900 and was three times its chairman.
 He was the founder of Flushing Hospital, and was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-seventh Congress, holding office from March 4, 1901 to March 3, 1903.
 He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1902 to the Fifty-eighth Congress, and after leaving Congress engaged in banking in Bayside.
 He founded the Bayside National Bank in 1905 and was its president until his resignation in 1920.
 He resided in Bayside until his death in that city in 1935; interment was in Flushing Cemetery, Flushing, New York.
The Onondaga School of Therapeutic Massage (OSTM) is a massage therapy school with campuses located in Syracuse, New York and Rochester, New York.
 Founded by Douglas Van D’Elia and Elizabeth Goldenberg, the Onondaga School of Therapeutic Massage was approved by the New York State Department of Education in 1997.
 The school is named after the region where the first campus is located, the Onondaga County region of New York.
 A branch campus opened in Rochester, NY, Monroe County, New York in 2000.
The New York Buzz was a professional tennis team competing in World TeamTennis (WTT).
 The team was originally based in Schenectady, New York from 1995 to 2007, before moving to Albany, New York in 2008, and Guilderland, New York in 2009.
 The team was founded as the New York OTBzz in 1995, before changing its name to the Schenectady County Electrics in 1999, and finally adopting the name New York Buzz in 2001.
 In 2008, the team won its third Eastern Conference Championship and went on to defeat the Kansas City Explorers to capture its first and only King Trophy in its fourth appearance in the WTT Final.
The Syracuse, Ontario and New York Railway was founded in 1883 and had a line that ran between Syracuse, New York and Earlville, New York, a distance of 45.5 mi .
 The company formed from the Syracuse, Chenango and New York Railroad Company.
 Beginning on July 1, 1890 it operated as the Chenango County, New York branch of the West Shore Railroad.
 On April 2, 1891, the railroad and property of the Syracuse Ontario and New York Railway Company were formally leased, for the term of its corporate existence, to the West Shore Railroad Company on June 30, 1891.
 Later, ownership was transferred to the New York Central Railroad (NYCRR).
Kimber Rickabaugh of RickMill Productions (founded 1991), along with her partner Paul Miller, is a veteran producer responsible for numerous television shows for Comedy Central, HBO and other networks.
 After starting at NBC in New York, she next was under contract with Dick Clark Productions until she went freelance as a producer in 1986, where she produced HBO's first "LIVE Comedy Special".
 In 1986 she married Gene Crowe, a technical director and design engineer and co owner of Greene Crowe & Co. inc.
 Rickabaugh and Crowe have worked together a few times on shows such as "George Lopez", "The Whoopi Goldberg Show", and "The Earth Day Special".
 Rickabaugh formed RickMill Productions in 1991 with Paul Miller, who also directs, and the team continues to be active producers of comedy and variety series and specials.
 She produced, to name a few, all of the George Carlin HBO specials, for Dave Chappelle, Whoopi Goldberg, Howie Mandel, Lewis Black, MTV and multiple specials and series yearly.
 RickMill Productions produced 15 seasons of "Comedy Central Presents" series.
 RickMill also has an ongoing relationship with Kathy Griffin.
 The relationship with Kathy Griffin started in 2010, producing all her stand-up specials for BRAVO.
 Kathy Griffin set an unprecedented feat of 4 one-hour specials in 2011.
 RickMill produced all Kathy's specials in 2012 and 2013 where Kathy set a new record for the most televised comedy specials surpassing George Carlin's record.
Paul Smith's Hotel, formally known as the Saint Regis House, was founded in 1859 by Apollos (Paul) Smith in the town of Brighton, Franklin County, New York in what would become the village of Paul Smiths; it was one of the first wilderness resorts in Adirondacks.
 In its day it was the most fashionable of the many great Adirondack hotels, patronized by American presidents Grover Cleveland, Theodore Roosevelt and Calvin Coolidge, celebrities like P.T. Barnum, and the power elite of the latter half of the 19th century, such as E. H. Harriman and Whitelaw Reid.
 Smith died in 1912, but the hotel continued under his son, Phelps, until it burned down in 1930.
Vincent T. Bugliosi, Jr. ( ; August 18, 1934 – June 6, 2015) was an American attorney and "New York Times" bestselling author.
 During his eight years in the Los Angeles County district attorney's office, he successfully prosecuted 105 out of 106 felony jury trials, which included 21 murder convictions without a single loss.
 He was best known for prosecuting Charles Manson and other defendants accused of the seven Tate–LaBianca murders of August 9–10, 1969.
 Although Manson did not physically participate in the murders at Sharon Tate's home, Bugliosi used circumstantial evidence to show that he had orchestrated the killings.
The San Diego Aviators are a World TeamTennis (WTT) team that plays at the Omni La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad, California in the United States of America.
 The team is the successor to two WTT franchises.
 The first was created in 1995, as the New York OTBzz, later renamed the Schenectady County Electrics and then the New York Buzz.
 The second was created in 2000, as the New York Hamptons, later renamed the New York Sportimes.
 The Aviators, founded in 1995, are the oldest continuously operating franchise in WTT.
 The team has won the King Trophy as WTT champions three times: once playing as the New York Sportimes in 2005, once as the New York Buzz in 2008, and once as the San Diego Aviators in 2016.
 As of 2016, the three championships is the second most of any active WTT franchise behind the Washington Kastles, who have won six.
