Live at Ventura Theatre is a live performance DVD featuring the rock band, Switchfoot.
 It was recorded live March 29, 2007 on one of the stops during the band's spring leg of the Oh!
 Gravity.
 Tour.
 It is the first DVD to be released under the band's own label, lowercase people records.
 The DVD features the performance, as well as a short mini-documentary about the event.
Wilco Live: Ashes of American Flags is a live performance DVD by the American alternative rock band Wilco.
Arriving Somewhere... is the first live performance DVD by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree.
 Disc one is a full show from the "Deadwing" tour filmed by "Studio M" with nine High Def cameras at Park West, Chicago on 11 and 12 October 2005, edited by Lasse Hoile, with the soundtrack mixed in stereo and 5.1 surround sound by Steven Wilson, and mastered by Darcy Proper.
 Disc two includes live performances on the German television show "Rockpalast", a promotional video for "Lazarus", the live films used as the backdrop for three songs, Gavin Harrison's "Cymbal Song", and a photo gallery with over 100 images.
 The soundtrack to the DVD is available in FLAC and MP3 formats from the band's download store since April, 2007.
 This audio edition is in the top 10 of the "Top Albums of 2007" chart of Rate Your Music website.
 The DVD was re-released under Kscope record label on 21 April 2008 the same day of the regular release for the DVD-A edition of "Lightbulb Sun".
The All Hamerican Pig Show is a live performance DVD released by Pig via their website.
 The video includes performances from the band's 2006 U.S. tour, as well as a complete 1999 performance from Osaka, Japan.
 The DVD also includes the music videos for "Painiac" and "Everything".
Tiësto in Concert is a DVD and Blu-ray of Tiësto's concert on May 10, 2003, at the Gelredome in Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands, when he performed before an audience of over 25,000 people,the concert was divided into parties with live performances of groups, bands and artists representaror to a country which, in turn representing a continent in the following order: In the presentasion Tiesto intro followed by live performance by singer Andain presented to Britain, Europe, a group of carnival Sanba presented to Brazil, South America, the singer's live performance and band Dinand Woesthoff Star Spangled Banner presented to the United States of America, North America, the Chinese group I play the theme Tiësto in Concert Asia presented to China, Asia after the live performance by singer Jan Johnston, after the live performance of Omar Ka & Fula Band presented to Africa in general, and finally the live performance of Jerry de Jonge & Beijerink Presented to Australia, Oceania.
Human's Dust is a live performance DVD by the death metal band Decapitated from Poland.
 It contains the band's live performances and interviews from 2002 and 2004 from various locations.
 The DVD was released by Metal Mind Productions on June 9, 2008 in Europe and June 10, 2008 in the United States.
 The title comes from the song of the same name from the band's debut studio album, Winds of Creation.
Re-Boot: Live '98 (also called Re:Boot or <nowiki>[:RE: BOOT]</nowiki>) is a live album from Front 242, released in 1998.
 This album stands in contrast to the band's previous live album "Live Code", in that many of its tracks are radical reworkings of the band's earlier songs.
 Front 242 has identified The Prodigy as an influence on the style of this album.
 A similar style is also used on the Front 242 live performance DVD, "Catch the Men".
Still Reigning is a live performance DVD by the thrash metal band Slayer, released in 2004 through American Recordings.
 Filmed at the Augusta Civic Center on July 11, 2004, the performance showcases Slayer's 1986 album, "Reign in Blood", played in its entirety with the four original band members on a set resembling their 1986 "Reign in Pain" tour.
 "Still Reigning" was voted "best live DVD" by the readers of "Revolver" magazine, and received gold certification in 2005.
The Auricular Chronicles is a live performance DVD by the Belgium-based death metal band Aborted.
 It contains the band's live performances including a full concert from May 2006 in Paris.
 It was released in October 2006 by Listenable Records.
For Those Aboot To Rock: Live at the Commodore is a live performance DVD by the Canadian Heavy Metal band Strapping Young Lad, released in 2004 by Century Media.
 A CD version was released along with the 2013 "Metal for the Masses" reissue of "City" to celebrate Century Media's 25th anniversary.
