Red Thunder is a rock band formed in 1990 by Apache Native American frontman Robby Romero, incorporating Native American musical instruments, melody and themes, a style sometimes called by the pun "alter-native".
 Red Thunder rose to prominence with founder Robby Romero's designation as a United Nations Ambassador of Youth for the Environment in 1990, the heavy rotation of his singles on VH1 and MTV, and the worldwide airing of his social- and environmental-themed films (including America’s Last Frontier, Hidden Medicine and Makoce Wakan), Red Thunder has commanded the largest audience of any contemporary Native American music group.
Stuart Jay Beck (December 23, 1946 – February 29, 2016) was an American law practitioner and a diplomat for Palau.
 As a lawyer he helped negotiate the Compact of Free Association, which established Palau as an independent nation in free association with the United States in 1994.
 For his contributions to Palau, he was granted honorary citizenship.
 In 2003, he accepted the post for Palau's first Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
 He served continuously in this position until 2013, at which time he was appointed as Palau’s first ever United Nations Ambassador for Oceans and Seas.
 In addition to that position, Beck Co-Chaired [(with Amir Dossal) the Sustainable Oceans Alliance, an organization dedicated to the adoption by the General Assembly of a Sustainable Development Goal on Oceans.
Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds: Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to Quentin Tarantino's motion picture "Inglourious Basterds".
 It was originally released on August 18, 2009.
 The soundtrack uses a variety of music genres, including spaghetti western soundtrack excerpts, R&B and a David Bowie song from the 1982 remake of "Cat People."
 "The Man with the Big Sombrero", a song from the 1943 screwball comedy "Hi Diddle Diddle", was rerecorded in French for the movie.
 This is the first soundtrack for a Quentin Tarantino film not to feature dialogue excerpts.
 The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, but lost to the "Slumdog Millionaire" soundtrack.
Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack album to the 1991 Disney animated feature film, "Beauty and the Beast".
 Originally released on October 29, 1991, by Walt Disney Records, the album's first half – tracks 2 to 9 – generally contains the film's musical numbers, all of which were written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Howard Ashman, while its latter half – tracks 10 to 14 – features its musical score, composed solely by Menken.
 While the majority of the album's content remains within the musical theatre genre, its songs have also been influenced by French, classical, pop and Broadway music.
 Credited to Various Artists, "Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" features performances by the film's main cast – Paige O'Hara, Richard White, Jesse Corti, Jerry Orbach, Angela Lansbury and Robby Benson – in order of appearance.
 Additionally, the album features recording artists Celine Dion and Peabo Bryson, who perform a pop rendition of the film's title and theme song, "Beauty and the Beast", which simultaneously serves as the soundtrack's only single.
Arne Toralf Sunde (6 December 1883 – 30 July 1972) was a Norwegian politician, Olympic shooter and army officer.
 He is best known for his participation in the 1940 Norwegian Campaign, his participation in Nygaardsvold's Cabinet during its 1940–1945 exile in London and three years as a United Nations ambassador.
 Sunde was President of the United Nations Security Council in June 1949 and July 1950.
Divergent: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2014 film "Divergent", based on the book series of the same name.
 The soundtrack for the film was chosen by music supervisor Randall Poster.
 The "Divergent: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" album released on March 11, 2014 while the "Original Score" of the film released on March 18, 2014 by Interscope Records.
 The soundtrack album sold 10,000 copies in its first week of release.
The Twilight Saga: New Moon (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the official soundtrack for the 2009 film "".
 The score for "New Moon" was composed by Alexandre Desplat while the rest of the soundtrack was chosen by music supervisor Alexandra Patsavas, who also produced the "Twilight" soundtrack.
 The "New Moon – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" album was released on October 16, 2009 by Patsavas' Chop Shop label, in conjunction with Atlantic Records.
Dee Dee Bridgewater (born May 27, 1950) is an American jazz singer.
 She is a three-time Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter, as well as a Tony Award-winning stage actress.
 For 23 years, she was the host of National Public Radio's syndicated radio show "JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater".
 She is a United Nations Ambassador for the Food and Agriculture Organization.
The Lion King: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the original motion picture soundtrack for the 1994 Disney animated film, "The Lion King".
 It contains songs from the film written by Elton John and Tim Rice, and a score composed by Hans Zimmer.
 Elton John has a dual role of performer for several tracks.
 Additional performers include Carmen Twillie, Jason Weaver, Rowan Atkinson, Whoopi Goldberg, Jeremy Irons, Cheech Marin, Jim Cummings, Nathan Lane, Ernie Sabella, and Sally Dworsky.
 The album was released on May 30, 1994 on CD and audio cassette.
 The soundtrack was recorded in three different countries: the U.S., the U.K. and South Africa.
 It is the best-selling soundtrack album to an animated film in the United States with over 7 million copies sold, with 4,934,000 copies sold in 1994.
The Permanent Delegate of Australia to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization is an officer of the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and the head of the delegation of the Commonwealth of Australia to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) in Paris, France.
 The position has the rank and status of an Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary and is but one of Australia's representatives to the United Nations and its other bodies, shared with the representatives present at the United Nations Office in Geneva, the United Nations Office in Vienna, the United Nations Office at Nairobi, and the delegation to the United Nations Agencies in Rome.
