Pumari Chhish (Urdu: ‎ ), (or Pumarikish, Peak 11) is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range.
 It lies about 4 km east of Khunyang Chhish, in the heart of the Hispar, north of the Hispar Glacier.
Kunyang or Khunyang Chhish East is a 7400m mountain in the Khunyang Chhish massive (a subrange of the Karakoram mountains of Pakistan).
 It is separated by a 7160 m pass from the main summit 2 km to the West and has a 2,700 m Southwest face.
 On July 18, 2013 Hansjörg Auer, Matthias Auer and Simon Anthamatten made the first ascent over this wall, which had been widely regarded as one of the great remaining problems in alpinism.
Castle Rock Mountain (12406 ft ) is in the Beartooth Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The peak is one of the tallest in the Beatooth Mountains, the tenth-tallest in Montana and is in the Absaroka-Beartooth Wilderness, on the border of Custer and Gallatin national forests.
 The nearest taller mountain to Castle Rock Mountain is Castle Rock Spire, 0.65 mi east.
 Castle Rock Mountain is flanked by the Sundance Glacier to the north and the Castle Rock Glacier to the south.
Mount Cabuyao (alternatively spelled as Mount Kabuyao) is a mountain in the Philippines located in the municipality of Tuba in the province of Benguet.
 Its summit, rising to more than 2,000 meters above sea level, overlooks the city of Baguio.
 It is commonly mistaken as Mount Santo Tomas, a taller mountain just beside it.
Burji La (or Burji Pass) is a natural pass in mountains between Skardu and Deosai National Park in Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan.
 Its elevation is 4816 meters.
 It is famous especially for its beautiful panoramic view of so many mountain peaks, including that of K2, Nanga Parbat, Masherbrum, Chogolisa, Laila Peak, Golden Peak, Gasherbrum I, Gasherbrum II, Gasherbrum IV and a part of Broad Peak mountain.
Khunyang Chhish or Kunyang Chhish (Urdu: ‎ )is the second-highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram mountains of Pakistan.
 Alternate variations of the name include Kunyang Kish and Khiangyang Kish, among others.
 Its height, also sometimes given as 7823 m , is ranked 21st in the world and 8th in Pakistan.
Yukshin Gardan Sar (Urdu: ‎ ) is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range in Pakistan.
 Its height is also often given as 7,469 m (24,505 ft) or 7,641 m (25,069 ft).
 It lies about 15 km (9 mi) northeast of Khunyang Chhish and 5 km (3 mi) northwest of Kanjut Sar.
 It is flanked on the northwest by the Yazghil Glacier and on the northeast by the Yukshin Gardan Glacier; both drain into the Shimshal River.
Surveyed as K6 (Urdu: کے 6‎ ), but also known as Baltistan Peak.
 This is a notable peak of the Masherbrum Mountains, a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range in Gilgit Baltistan region of Pakistan.
 Despite being much lower than its sister mountains, the Eight-thousanders and high 7000m peaks such as Masherbrum, it has huge, steep faces, and great relief above the nearby valleys.
Hayford Peak, elevation 9924 ft , is the highest mountain in the Sheep Range of Clark County, Nevada, United States.
 It is the seventh-most topographically prominent peak in the state.
 The nearest taller mountain is Mount Charleston, 34 mi to the southwest.
 In the winter months, there is snow on the peak, which usually lasts until early spring.
Mount Peal (12414 ft ) is in the Beartooth Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The peak is one of the tallest in the Beatooth Mountains, the ninth tallest in Montana and is in the Absaroka-Beartooth Wilderness of Custer National Forest.
 The nearest taller mountain to Mount Peal is Tempest Mountain, 1 mi WNW.
