Although the tanks have long vanished, the city of Bombay (now Mumbai) once had many water tanks within its city limits.
 They were once the only source of water to the city.
 The only testimony to their existence is the names of the roads in their vicinity, which befuddles many citizens as to the original location to these mystifying relics of the past.
Zacharovce is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.
 Located in the near of the main road I/50, connecting Zvolen and Košice the village is now more a living neighbourhood of Rimavská Sobota, where many citizens go for a work.
 The most important sightseeing is a gothic church from 15th century, later rebuilt.
Lam Tei () is an area in the Tuen Mun District of the New Territories, Hong Kong.
 The region lies at the north end of Tuen Mun city.
 It is highly rural, with Miu Fat Buddhist Monastery being a landmark of the region.
 The Sherwood () and Botania Villa () are two residential estates in Lam Tei.
Billings Metropolitan Transit (MET) is the public transit system in Billings, Montana.
 MET Transit provides fixed-route and paratransit bus service to the City of Billings.
 The MET is the primary mode of transportation for many citizens of the city.
 Met serves about 3,000 passengers a day.
 It currently employs around 200 people.
 All of MET's buses are accessible by citizens who use wheelchairs and other mobility devices; the buses are wheelchair lift-equipped and accessible to all citizens that are unable to use the stairs.
 All MET buses are equipped with bike racks for its bike riding passengers.
Jimaní is the capital and the second largest city of the Independencia Province of the Dominican Republic.
 It serves as one of the two main thoroughfares to Haiti (with Dajabón), with a duty-free open-air marketplace operating on the border with Haiti.
 The town suffered damages in the flash flood of May 25, 2004, which killed many citizens during the night and washed away hundreds of homes.
Meßstetten is a town in the Zollernalbkreis district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
 It is situated in the Swabian Jura, 24 km southeast of Balingen.
 It is close to the Heuberg Training Area with the Lager Heuberg.
The local economy mixes agriculture with services and small-scale industry.
 Most of Meßstetten today has a residential character with many citizens working in the highly industrial areas of Albstadt or in Balingen.
 Only in Tieringen is an industrial area.
 A Blacksmith developed to an industrial character, also a textile firm .
Canton Road is a major road in Hong Kong, linking the former west reclamation shore in Tsim Sha Tsui, Jordan, Yau Ma Tei and Mong Kok on the Kowloon Peninsula.
 The road runs mostly parallel and west to Nathan Road.
 It starts from the junction with Salisbury Road in the south and ends in the north at the junction with Lai Chi Kok Road in the Prince Edward area.
 The southern part Canton Road is home to many upscale retail shops, shopping centres and others business establishments, with busy traffic from both vehicles and pedestrians from morning till late night.
Yau Ma Tei North () is one of the 19 constituencies in the Yau Tsim Mong District of Hong Kong which was first created in 1982 and recreated in 2015.
Washington is a ghost town located in Autauga County, Alabama on the north bank of the Alabama River, just west of the mouth of Autauga Creek.
 Washington was founded in 1817 on the site of the former Autauga Indian town of Atagi and named in honor of George Washington.
 On November 22, 1819, the Alabama territorial legislature chose Washington as the county seat of Autauga County, which it remained until 1830.
 A courthouse, hotel, jail, post office and pillory were constructed to meet the needs of the county government.
 The county seat was moved to Kingston in 1830 in order to be closer to the geographic center of the county.
 Soon after, many citizens began to leave, and Washington was deserted by 1879.
 The post office in Washington was operated from 1824 to 1854.
Ahiara is a city in Mbaise, Imo State, Nigeria.
 The city stands about 16 miles between Owere and Umuahia.
 It was the location of Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu's Ahiara Declaration during the Nigerian Civil War.
 It is the location of the Catholic diocese in Mbaise.
 The first recorded Ahiara contact with the Europeans was around 1905 when the British Aro expedition got mixed up in inter-village war which eventually had Dr. Steward a victim, as a consequence the Ahiara people were severely punished by the British forces with an invasion which forced many citizens to flee and never return.
