Showmatch is a popular Argentine television program, currently broadcast by Channel 13.
 It replaced the comedy show Videomatch in 2004, and from 2006 has produced the dancing contest "Bailando por un Sueño" ("Dancing for a Dream"), along with similar contests such as "" ("Singing for a Dream"), "Patinando por un Sueño" ("Skating for a Dream"), and "El Musical de tus Sueños" ("The Musical of your Dreams").
 In 2009, it presented "Gran Cuñado" ("Big Brother-in-Law"), a parody of the reality show "Big Brother".
Nach Baliye ('Nach' means Dance and 'Baliye' means partner or mate) is a dance, reality-television series on the Indian channel Star Plus.
 The show is a popular couples dancing contest.
 The first and second season aired on Star One and then shifted to Star Plus.
Akiko Motofuji (1928–2003) was born in Tokyo.
 From her childhood she studied ballet and modern dance.
 In 1947, Nobutoshi Tsuda dancing principal, and she established Asbestos Studio in 1950.
 In 1955, in the International Dancing Contest held in Vienna, she won 4th prize in the individual performance section.
 She met Tatsumi Hijikata in 1956, and they started to perform on stage together, searching for a new way of expression using ballet and Neue Tanz techniques.
 This was the basis of Butoh, an original expression which gazes at body and soul severely.
 Later they got married.
 She went back to the stage in 1992, performing the piece "Together with Tatsumi Hijikata", and after that made great works, one after another.
 Her original world showed such colorful features as charm, overflowing humor, and severely shaved form, but always with the theme "repeated life and death" at the bottom.
 At big halls, in small spaces, outdoors, and so on, her inspiration spread out in three dimensions and caught and kept the audience interested.
 She also tackled collaboration with artists of other genres: direction with engravers, improvisation with musicians, joint production with Ms. Abakanovitch, etc., and continued searching for the possibility of new expression.
 She died from hemopericardium on October 19, 2003.
Portugal took part in the first Eurovision Dance Contest in 2007.
 Representing the country were Sónia Araújo, a TV host and Ricardo Silva, a ballroom dancer.
 The couple were chosen after winning the second Portuguese version of "Strictly Come Dancing" ("Dança Comigo", in Portuguese).
 The dances they performed at the contest were Jive and Tango.
 Portugal came joint fifth after receiving 74 points from 12 countries.
 It was their first top five finish in any Eurovision contest.
Writers of the Future (WOTF) is a science fiction and fantasy story contest that was established by L. Ron Hubbard in the early 1980s.
 A sister contest, Illustrators of the Future, presents awards for science fiction art.
 Hubbard characterized the contest as a way of "giving back" to the field that had defined his professional writing life.
 The contest has no entry fee and is the highest-paying contest for amateur science-fiction and fantasy writers.
 Notable past winners of WOTF include Stephen Baxter, Karen Joy Fowler, James Alan Gardner, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Jay Lake, Michael H. Payne, Patrick Rothfuss, Robert Reed, Dean Wesley Smith, Sean Williams, Dave Wolverton, Nancy Farmer, and David Zindell.
The 2014 St Helens R.F.C. season is the clubs 140th in their history; their 119th in rugby league.
 The Saints will be looking to end a 6-year silverware drought this season by competing for the Super League XIX title as well as the 113th edition of the Challenge Cup.
 This season marks Australian Nathan Brown's second season as head coach of the club, continuing from his first season in 2013 which ended in a 5th-place finish and an early playoff exit courtesy of an 11-10 defeat at Leeds Rhinos.
 They began their season by taking on last seasons runner-up Warrington Wolves at the Halliwell Jones Stadium, which ended in an 8-38 win for Saints.
 This win sent Saints on a win streak that lasted for eight Super League games before being defeated on 18 April 2014 by arch-rivals Wigan Warriors at Langtree Park in the annual Good Friday derby match.
 Easter was a period to forget for the Saints as they were beaten by Widnes Vikings for their second league defeat in a row, following the Good Friday defeat to bitter rivals Wigan, and then by Leeds Rhinos in Round 5 of the Challenge Cup meaning the Saints will miss out on the trophy for a sixth year.
 The Saints bounced back however on 1 May with a 48-18 win over the London Broncos.
 Saints suffered another Magic Weekend to the Warrington Wolves on 18 May with the game ending 41-24 to the Wolves.
 Results picked up after the Magic Weekend with two straight wins at home against Huddersfield & Salford however the Saints then traveled to Perpignan where they suffered a humiliating 42-0 loss to the Catalans Dragons.
 Once again, the Saints bounced back with an impressive win over Castleford Tigers at Langtree Park and with another outstanding performance in a pulsating game at the DW Stadium against arch-rivals Wigan Warriors that ended 12-16 in favour of the Saints; the win avenging the Good Friday defeat at Langtree Park.
 Following this win, Saints suffered a shock 40-10 defeat to Hull Kingston Rovers but bounced back with three straight wins before losing to Hull KR's cross-town rivals, Hull F.C., 19-12.
 However, a 40-16 win over Wakefield Trinity Wildcats & an extremely tight 12-13 win over Leeds Rhinos at Headingly put the Saints in a position where a win against Warrington on 4 September would hand them their first League Leaders' Shield since the 2008 season; with Castleford Tigers being the only other team in contention for the top spot.
 Despite losing their last two games of the regular season, Saints acquired the League Leaders' Shield following Castleford's failure to beat Catalans Dragons in their last game of the season; meaning that the Saints took their first piece of silverware since 2008.
 The unlikely success of the 2014 season culminated in a 14-6 win over arch-rivals Wigan Warriors in the 2014 Super League Grand Final at Old Trafford making Saints the Super League champions for the first time since 2006 in an extremely lively, well-fought contest that saw Wigan player Ben Flower sent off for a sucker punch on a defenceless Lance Hohaia in the 2nd minute of the game.
Christian Clarke is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", portrayed by John Partridge.
 He first appeared in the show's 3,509th episode, originally broadcast in the United Kingdom on 17 January 2008, and was introduced as the brother of established character Jane Beale (Laurie Brett).
 He was introduced as a new homosexual character for the show, following the popularity of "Coronation Street"'s Sean Tully (Antony Cotton).
 Christian and Partridge's casting were announced on 20 November 2007.
Salsa is a 1988 romance film directed by Boaz Davidson and starring Robby Rosa, Rodney Harvey, Magali Alvarado and Miranda Garrison.
 The film, about a Puerto Rican dancer who decides to enter a salsa dancing contest, earned a Razzie Award nomination for Rosa as Worst New Star.
Sean Tully is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street".
 Portrayed by Antony Cotton, the character first appeared on 13 July 2003 for one episode, before returning full-time on 12 April 2004.
¡Mira quién baila!
 (English: Look Who's Dancing! )
, formerly known as ¡Más que baile!
 (English: More Than Dancing! )
, is a Spanish reality television show, and part of the "Dancing with the Stars" franchise, in which a group of celebrities compete in a dancing contest of several styles over several weeks, partnered with dance professionals.
 The prize that the winner obtains is given to charitable organisations.
