Callum MacLeod (born 20 January 1988) is a professional British race car driver who drives in the British G.T. Championship.
 He also won the 2007 British Formula Ford championship and the 2009 European F3 Open Championship seasons.
 He was born in Northampton.
Jack Baldwin (born May 31, 1948 in Marietta, Georgia) is a race car driver.
 Jack Baldwin is a legend in road racing, with wins in every series that he has competed in, as well as victories at every major race track in the United States during his successful career that has spanned four decades.
 Jack has won 5 professional Championships and over 30 major pro races that include one Daytona 24 Hour win and two 12 hours of Sebring wins.
 Jack was invited twice to compete in the prestigious International Race of Champions (IROC) and has driven all types of race cars over the decades.
 2013 was his 25th running of the Rolex 24 Hours at Daytona.
 Baldwin currently drives a Porsche Cayman S for GTSport Racing in the Pirelli World Challenge and is the most successful Porsche Cayman S driver in the world with seven wins, over a dozen pole positions and twenty-plus podium finishes.
The DS Virgin Racing Formula E Team is a British motor racing team under ownership of Virgin Group that competes in the electric racing series, Formula E.
FAZZT Race Team was an auto racing team started by Montreal entrepreneur Andre Azzi, race car driver Alex Tagliani, and former Kelley Racing co-owner Jim Freudenberg (thus Freudenberg, Azzi, Tagliani).
John Alcorn (born 27 July 1964 in Romford, Essex) is a retired British race car driver.
 He attempted to qualify for two rounds of the 1987 International Formula 3000 season for Colin Bennett Racing at Le Mans and Jarama, failing on both occasions.
Michael James Lewis is an American race car driver born on December 24, 1990 in Laguna Beach, California to parents Steve Lewis (Owner of the famed Nine Racing Midget Team & former owner of Performance Racing Industry) and Loretta Lewis.
 As a young, up-and-coming Race Car Driver, Michael has competed in a diverse number of racing vehicles including Formula 3, Formula BMW, Ford Focus Midgets, Touring Cars, Late Model Stock Cars, Quarter Midgets, & Go-Karts.
 Michael also officially tested a Formula One car for Scuderia Ferrari F1 in the F60 chassis on November 15, 2011 (as a result from his accomplishments in Formula 3 Italia).
 Michael's passion for racing is paramount and he enjoys every aspect of his racing career.
 The Laguna Beach, California native is known for his professionalism, work ethic, and he lives every day for motorsport.
James Pickford is a British race car driver, born 30 April 1979 in Macclesfield, Cheshire.
 As a child his interest was in motorbikes; his father Keith ran bike racing teams.
 However, as with Damon Hill his mother led him towards the relatively safe world of her apron strings, beginning in karts in 1994.
 For a while he was coached by former BTCC racer Tim Sugden.
 His interest in saloon and sportscars began when he lost a test in a BTCC car after being nominated for the BRDC McLaren Autosport Young Driver of the Year award in 1998.
Adrian Rodney Quaife-Hobbs (born 3 February 1991 in Pembury) is a British race car driver, notable for being the youngest driver to win the T Cars championship and the youngest ever winner of a MSA-sanctioned car racing series.
 He currently resides in Tonbridge.
Mark Albon (born 9 November 1969 in Billericay, Essex) is a retired British race car driver.
 He contested one round of the 1993 International Formula 3000 season for East Essex Racing at Donington Park, qualifying 21st on the grid and retiring from the race.
Leilani Maaja Münter (born February 18, 1974) is an American race car driver and environmental activist.
 She drives in the ARCA Racing Series, and previously drove in the Firestone Indy Lights, the development league of IndyCar.
 She was born and raised in Rochester, Minnesota, earned a degree in biology from the University of California, San Diego and currently lives in Cornelius, North Carolina.
