Lawful Larceny is a 1930 American melodramatic film, directed by Lowell Sherman from Jane Murfin's screenplay.
 The screenplay, a melodrama, was based on the play of the same name by Samuel Shipman, which originally was a comedy.
 It starred a staple of the early RKO stable, Bebe Daniels, along with Kenneth Thomson, Olive Tell and Lowell Sherman, who reprised the role he had created in the original Broadway play.
 This film was a remake of the 1923 silent film version of the same name, produced by Famous Players-Lasky Corporation
He Knew Women is a 1930 American comedy film, directed by Hugh Herbert, from a screenplay by him and William B. Jutte, which was adapted from S. N. Behrman's 1927 play "The Second Man".
 It starred Lowell Sherman and Alice Joyce, in her second to last film role.
 The film just broke even.
Convoy is a lost 1927 silent World War I drama starring Lowell Sherman and Dorothy Mackaill and released through First National Pictures.
 The film is an early producing credit for the Halperin Brothers, Victor and Edward, later of "White Zombie" fame, and is the final screen appearance of Broadway stars Gail Kane and Vincent Serrano.
High Stakes is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy drama produced and released by RKO Pictures.
 The picture was directed by Lowell Sherman who also stars and marks the last starring screen appearance of silent screen diva Mae Murray.
 It is based on a 1924 Broadway play that starred Sherman playing the same role he plays in this film.
Tommy Atkins was an American director of the silent and early sound film eras.
 Born on July 18, 1887 in Springfield, Massachusetts, he would make his entrance into the film industry as the assistant director to Ralph Ince on the 1920 silent film, "Out of the Snows".
 It would be another eight years before he would make another film, again as assistant director, this time for FBO Pictures, on another silent film, "Crooks Can't Win".
 He'd work as the assistant director on another sixteen films between 1928 and 1934, the most notable of which would be 1933's "Morning Glory", directed by Lowell Sherman and starring Katharine Hepburn and Douglas Fairbanks Jr..
 In 1934 he would be given the chance to helm his first picture, "The Silver Streak", which was one of the top money-makers for RKO Pictures that year.
 He would only direct two more films, the second of which, "Hi, Gaucho!
", he would also write the story for.
The Royal Bed is a 1931 American Pre-Code American satirical comedy film produced by William LeBaron and distributed through RKO.
 The film was directed by and starred Lowell Sherman, along with Mary Astor and Anthony Bushell.
 The screenplay was adapted by J. Walter Ruben based on the 1928 play by Robert E. Sherwood titled "The Queen's Husband".
 It would be one of a handful of RKO pictures which was produced in both English and French language versions.
Born to Be Bad is a 1934 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Lowell Sherman, and starring Loretta Young and Cary Grant.
What Price Hollywood?
 is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by George Cukor and starring Constance Bennett with Lowell Sherman.
 The screenplay by Gene Fowler, Rowland Brown, Ben Markson, and Jane Murfin is based on a story by Adela Rogers St. Johns and Louis Stevens.
You Never Know Women is a 1926 American silent romantic drama film from director William Wellman that was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 The stars of the picture are Florence Vidor, Lowell Sherman, and Clive Brook.
Midnight Mystery is a 1930 American mystery film directed by George B. Seitz, from a screenplay by Beulah Marie Dix, adapted from the play, "Hawk Island", by Howard Irving Young.
 Betty Compson starred, leading an ensemble cast which included Hugh Trevor, Lowell Sherman, Rita La Roy, Ivan Lebedeff, Raymond Hatton, June Clyde and Marcelle Corday.
