ESPN College Football Primetime may refer to one of several shows produced by ESPN:
Samantha Sainte-Claire Ponder (née Steele) (born December 11, 1985) is an American sportscaster from Phoenix, Arizona who is currently the host of Sunday NFL Countdown on ESPN.
 Prior to hosting Sunday NFL Countdown, Ponder worked as a reporter/host for ESPN college football and as a basketball sideline reporter.
 Ponder replaced Erin Andrews on "College GameDay" Saturdays at 10 AM ET on ESPN, as well as co-host of the Saturday 9 AM ET edition on ESPNU.
 In addition to her duties on College Gameday, Ponder had been the regular sideline reporter for ESPN's Thursday Night College Football with Rece Davis, Jesse Palmer, and David Pollack from August 2012 until 2014.
 Ponder also appeared on the ESPN-owned Texas-oriented regional network Longhorn Network.
ESPN College Football Primetime is a live game presentation of Division 1-A college football on ESPN.
 In the past, the presenting sponsor was Cooper Tires, but since the 2006 season, the current presenting sponsor is Applebee's.
 The game telecast airs every Thursday night at 7:45pm ET during the college football regular season.
 The game is preceded by a 30-minute segment with Adnan Virk, Joey Galloway and Jesse Palmer, all of whom also appear on the halftime report.
 This game telecast is also presented in high definition on ESPNHD.
College GameDay (branded as ESPN College GameDay built by The Home Depot for sponsorship reasons) is a pre-game show broadcast by ESPN as part of the network's coverage of college football, broadcast on Saturday mornings during the college football season, prior to the start of games with a 12:00 p.m. ET kickoff.
 In its current form, the program is typically broadcast from the campus of the team hosting a featured game being played that day (such as one being broadcast by an ESPN network or ABC), and features news and analysis of the day's upcoming games.
ESPN College Football Primetime is a live game presentation of Division 1-A college football on ESPN.
 In the past, the presenting sponsors have been Polaroid, AT&T and Hampton Hotels.
 The current presenting sponsor is Hampton's parent company, Hilton.
 The game telecast airs every Saturday night at 7:45pm ET during the college football regular season.
 The game is preceded by a 45-minute-long "College Football Scoreboard" with Rece Davis, Lou Holtz and Mark May, all of whom also appear on the halftime report.
 This game telecast is also presented in high-definition on ESPN HD.
The 1957 College Football All-America team is composed of college football players who were selected as All-Americans by various organizations and writers that chose College Football All-America Teams in 1957.
 The seven selectors recognized by the NCAA as "official" for the 1957 season are (1) the Associated Press, (2) the United Press, (3) the American Football Coaches Association (AFCA), (4) the Football Writers Association of America (FWAA), (5) the International News Service (INS), (6) the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA), and (7) the "Sporting News".
 The "ESPN College Football Encyclopedia" lists the All-America Board (AAB) as an eighth official selector.
Brian David Griese ( ; born March 18, 1975) is a former American football quarterback and a color commentator for "ESPN College Football".
 He was drafted by the Broncos in the third round of the 1998 NFL Draft.
 He played high school football at Christopher Columbus High School and later college football at Michigan.
College GameDay is an ESPN program that covers college basketball and is a spin-off of the successful college football version.
 Since debuting on January 22, 2005, it airs on ESPN Saturdays in the conference play section of the college basketball season at 11 A.M. ET at a different game site each week.
 Before 2015, the college basketball version always appeared at the ESPN "Saturday Primetime" game location.
 Since the 2014-2015 season, the show has appeared at a top game of the week, similar to the college football version.
 The program has also appeared at the site of the Final Four.
 The official name of the show is "College GameDay Covered by State Farm".
Rodney "Rod" Gilmore is an American college football analyst for ESPN.
 He works with Mark Jones on the network's Friday and Saturday night telecasts.
 Prior to joining ESPN in 1996, Gilmore worked for Prime Time Sports, SportsChannel Bay Area, and Pacific Sports Network.
 He is a 1982 graduate of Stanford University, where he played football for three years, and received his law degree from the University of California, Berkeley in 1986.
 He was part of the Stanford team that was involved in The Play, a last-second kickoff return by the University of California Golden Bears to defeat Stanford in The Big Game on November 20, 1982.
 Gilmore speaks fluent German, and once interviewed a German football player in the language during an ESPN college football broadcast.
ESPN College Football Friday Primetime is a live game presentation of Division 1-A college football on ESPN or sometimes ESPN2.
 There is no main sponsor.
 The game telecast airs every Friday night at 7:45pm ET during the college football regular season.
 In 2017, the games will be announced by Adam Amin and Dusty Dvoracek.
 The game is preceded by a 5-10 minute long segment of "College Football Scoreboard" with Adnan Virk, Danny Kanell and Joey Galloway.
 They both also present the halftime report.
