Sir Syed Sani Syed Ali Shah Bukhari (Urdu: سید علی شاہ بُخاری‎ ) (born 30 November 1914 – 30 March 1979) commonly known as Ali Shah,Sir Syed Sani, Molvi Saeeb, Sir Syed Kashmir, Chirag-i-Beerwah, or Musleh-Millat, was a 20th-century Kashmiri Muslim pragmatist, Islamic modernist, philosopher, Islamic jurist, social activist and educator in the Budgam district of Indian administered Jammu and Kashmir.
 He founded Mazhar Ul Haq High School Beerwah in 1934 and Anjuman Mazhar Ul Haq in 1951.
 He also reconstructed and expanded the Grand Jamia Masjid Beerwah.
 He was the khateeb (Orator), Imam and Mirwaiz of the Grand Jamia Masjid Beerwah whose foundation stone was laid by his elder brother, Syed Syeed Shah Bukhari, in 1928.
 Syed Shah Bukhari was the Imam/Mirwaiz of historical Jamia Masjid, Srinagar after Mirwaiz Yousef Sahib until he left the Kashmir Valley.
 He is known as an early pioneer who recognized the critical role of education in the empowerment of the poor and disenfranchised in the Muslim community.
 In more than one way, Bukhari was a social reformer and a national builder of Jammu and Kashmir, particularly Allaqa Beerwah, which forms a major part of central and north Kashmir.
 He commanded respect from Sikhs, Hindus and Muslims for his views and dedication to the cause of education.
The Journal of Human Development and Capabilities is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of people-centered human development and capabilities.
 It is published by Routledge on behalf of the Human Development and Capability Association.
 It was established in 2000 as the "Journal of Human Development", obtaining its current title in 2009.
 Its founding editors-in-chief were Khadija Haq (Mahbub ul Haq Human Development Center), Richard Jolly (Institute of Development Studies), and Sakiko Fukuda-Parr (United Nations Development Programme).
Akbariyya is a branch of Sufi metaphysics based on Andalusian Sufi gnostic and philosopher Ibn Arabi's teaching.
 The word is derived from the nickname of Ibn Arabi (1165–1240), who was known as Shaykh al-Akbar, meaning "the greatest shaykh".
 "Al Akbariyya" has never been used to indicate a Sufi group or society in history; nowadays it may refer to all historical or contemporary Sufi metaphysicians and Sufis influenced by Ibn Arabi's Sufi doctrine Wahdat al-Wujud.
 In this regard it is different from Al Akbariyya, a secret Sufi society founded by a Swedish Sufi 'Abdu l-Hadi Aguéli.
Idrees Ul Haq, full name Mirza Mohammad Idrees ul Haq Beigh, is a Kashmiri innovator and activist He is best known for innovations , social work and was honoured in 2005 by the Governor of Jammu and Kashmir in recognition of his social work; however, he renounced his award in July 201 in protest at the Ramban firing incident.
 He was the first youth from Jammu and Kashmir to be invited for the Technology Transfer program at Israel
The Human Development Index (HDI) is a composite statistic (composite index) of life expectancy, education, and per capita income indicators, which are used to rank countries into four tiers of human development.
 A country scores higher HDI when the lifespan is higher, the education level is higher, and the GDP per capita is higher.
 The HDI was developed by Indian Economist Amartya Sen and Pakistani economist Mahbub ul Haq, often framed in terms of whether people are able to "be" and "do" desirable things in their life, and was published by the United Nations Development Programme.
Inge Kaul is adjunct professor at the Hertie School of Governance, Berlin, Germany and advisor to various governmental, multilateral and non-profit organizations on policy options to meet global challenges.
 She specializes in Global public goods, with much of her work looking at international cooperation financing, public-private partnerships, global governance, global issue diplomacy and UN system reform.
 She was the first director of UNDP's Human Development Report Office, a position which she held from 1989 to 1994, where with Mahbub ul Haq she led the team working on the Human Development Report.
 She was then director of UNDP's Office of Development Studies from 1995 to 2005.
 She is the author of numerous publications on international public economics and finance and was the lead editor of the books "Providing Global Public Goods: Managing Globalization" and "The New Public Finance: Responding to Global Challenges."
Maulana Sami ul Haq (Urdu: ‎ , "Samī'u’l-Ḥaq"; born 18 December 1937) is a Pakistani religious scholar and a politician.
 He is regarded as the "Father of the Taliban" and had close ties to Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar.
 Sami ul Haq is currently the chancellor of Darul Uloom Haqqania, a Deobandi Islamic seminary which is the alma mater of many prominent Taliban members.
 Haq serves as chairman of the Difa-e-Pakistan Council and is the leader of his own faction of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam political party, known as JUI-S.
 Sami ul-Haq is also a founding member of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal.
Mahbub ul Haq (Urdu: ‎ ; 24 February 1934 – 16 July 1998) was a Pakistani game theorist, economist and an international development theorist who served as the 13th Finance Minister of Pakistan from 10 April 1985 until 28 January 1988.
Sir Fazle Hasan Abed, KCMG (Bengali: ফজলে হাসান আবেদ ; born 27 April 1936) is a Bangladeshi social worker, the founder and chairman of BRAC, the world's largest non-governmental organization with over 120,000 employees.
 For his contributions to social improvement, he has received the Ramon Magsaysay Award, the UNDP Mahbub Ul Haq Award, the inaugural Clinton Global Citizen Award and the inaugural WISE Prize for Education.
 In 2015, he received World Food Prize for his “unparalleled” work on reducing poverty in Bangladesh and 10 other countries.
Chak 86/6.
R is situated in the main Sahiwal city.
 Its actual name is "Rasool Abad".
 It is one of the largest populated village among all the villages in the Punjab, Pakistan.
 It was a well-planned village developed approximately before year 1900 during British rule.
 Now it has grown into an urban area with all facilities.
 86/6-R is famous for its biggest "Wood Market" of Asia known as "Lakkar Mandi" and it is also famous due to well-known religious personality of Sahiwal "Syed Mureed Hussain" commonly known as "Baba Mast(بابا مست)".
Doctor Fazal Din Sehgal was the prominent personality of Chak and owner of 86/6R and 87/6R.
 This village was handed over to Maher Khar din (Lumber-dar) in 1930s by British local government.
 After that he invited families to live in this village and supported them as administrator.
 In the very beginning of the 1930s this village was divided into four blocks, and rest of the land was used for agriculture.
 His son Mehar Amir U Din (Lumber-dar)took over in 1958 helped to developed the area what it is at present.
 Now this area is well populated and has different sub areas known as main village 86, Shad-man Town, Baba Must Colony and Bashir Colony.
 This village was upgraded first time as union council(UC) in General Pervez Musharraf's regime and Mehar Riaz Ul Haq was elected as first Nazim along with Mazhar Javaid as his Naib Nazim of UC 86/6.
R after first election.Furthermore, Mehar Riaz Ul Haq recognized as only person who was elected Nazim three times in the history of Pakistan.
