Hans Herr House, also known as the Christian Herr House, is a historic home located in West Lampeter Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
 It was built in 1719, and is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular sandstone Germanic dwelling.
 It measures 37 feet, 9 inches, by 30 feet, 10 inches.
 It is the oldest dwelling in Lancaster County and the oldest Mennonite meetinghouse in America.
 The Mennonites who worshipped there formed the nucleus of what became the Willow Street Mennonite Congregation.
 It was restored to its 1719 appearance in 1972-73.
Zwing (or Twing) und Bann is a Swiss feudal set of rules and regulations governing justice and punishment in a village or villages.
 "Zwing" and "Twing" are different spellings based on the local Swiss German dialect.
 The magistrate or "Zwing(Twing)herr" had legally binding rules and regulations in the exercise of low justice in his private jurisdiction.
 The "Twingrecht", the right to judge and punish, was handed down orally until the late Middle Ages.
 A county court (or "Twing"/"Zwing") included one or usually several villages.
Matthew Gregory Herr (born May 26, 1976 in Hackensack, New Jersey and raised in Alpine, New Jersey ) is a retired American ice hockey forward who played for part of four NHL seasons.
Mark Nelson is an American actor, director and teacher.
 He appeared on Broadway in "The Invention of Love," "After the Fall" and "Three Sisters" at Roundabout Theatre Company, and the original casts of "A Few Good Men", "Rumors", "Biloxi Blues" and "Amadeus".
 For his performance as Einstein in Steve Martin's "Picasso at the Lapin Agile" he received the Obie, Drama League, Carbonell and San Francisco Critics Awards.
 He played Herr Schultz in the 2016 national tour of "Cabaret," and acted off-Broadway in "My Name is Asher Lev" for which he received a Lortel nomination.
 Other roles include Shylock in "The Merchant of Venice" at The Shakespeare Theater, Uncle Vanya (in Bartlett Sher's production at the Intiman Theatre), Matt in "Talley's Folly" (Berkshire Theatre Festival), Bluntschli in "Arms and the Man" (Long Wharf Theatre) and two solo pieces: "I Am My Own Wife" by Doug Wright (Carbonell Award) and "Underneath the Lintel" by Glen Berger (Connecticut Critics Award).
 His TV work includes roles on "Unforgettable", “Law & Order” and “Spin City.”
 He teaches acting at Princeton University and at New York's HB Studio.
 He has directed at Manhattan Theatre Club, Drama Dept., McCarter Theatre, George Street Playhouse, and Chautauqua Theatre Company, and is a frequent guest director at the Juilliard School.
 He graduated from Princeton and then studied acting with Uta Hagen.
 In 2013 he received a Lunt-Fontanne Fellowship.
Weber–Weaver Farm is a historic home and farm located at West Lampeter Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
 The property includes the Hans Weber House (1724), the Weber summer kitchen (c. 1800), the Weber barn (c. 1724), The John Weaver House and summer kitchen (c. 1765), the Weaver barn (c. 1904), the Weaver shed (c. 1904), and the Weaver garage (1930).
 The Hans Weber House is a stone dwelling modeled on the Hans Herr House in its Germanic style.
 It measure 36 feet by 34 feet, and was enlarged to a full two-stories and renovated between 1790 and 1810.
 The John Weaver House was built as a two-story, Georgian style dwelling, subsequently enlarged and modified during the 19th and 20th centuries.
James C. Carpenter was a Lancaster County, Pennsylvania covered bridge builder.
 He is known to have built nine covered bridges, five of which still exist.
 Two of his bridges, Herr's Mill Covered Bridge and Colemanville Covered Bridge, are among the longest covered bridges remaining in the county.
 Only Elias McMellen is known to have built more covered bridges in the county, including a rebuild of Kauffman's Distillery Covered Bridge and Leaman's Place Covered Bridge, both originally built by James C. Carpenter.
The Gettysburg Spring Railroad (Springs Horse Railway) was a Gettysburg Battlefield tourist conveyance in the Battle of Gettysburg, First Day, area.
 The trolley extended from the western terminus on the east side of Herr Ridge at the Gettysburg Springs Hotel eastward to the Gettysburg borough after crossing Willoughby Run, McPherson Ridge, Pitzer Run, Seminary Ridge, Stevens Run (stone bridge), to the slopes of Baltimore Hill where it turned northward at the borough square to end at the Gettysburg Railroad Station.
 In addition to a stop at the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg, by 1879 the horse railroad had a stop near Pitzer Run at the "" which was replaced after 1904 with a horse track east of Stevens Run at the county fairgrounds (now the Gettysburg Recreation Park).
Annville Historic District is a national historic district located in Annville, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania, United States.
 It includes 275 buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Annville.
 Notable buildings include 18th and early-19th century log dwellings, the Abraham Herr Manor House, St. Paul's Apostolic Church / St. Anthony's Coptic Church (1861), Kendig House (1830), Lewis Gilbert Inn (1800), Fleisher House and Livery (c. 1780), and the Queen Anne style Light House.
 Included in the district is the separately listed Biever House.
Christian and Emma Herr Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located at West Lampeter Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
 The district includes six contributing buildings.
 They are a brick farmhouse, a stone end barn (1761), a frame tobacco barn (1907), a frame summer kitchen (c. 1890), a tenant house (1864), and a frame shed (1900-1920).
 The farmhouse was built in 1867, and is a 2 1/2-story, five bay by two bay, brick dwelling.
 It has a recessed three bay by two bay east wing, and a full-width front porch.
 The summer kitchen is attached to the wing.
Northeast Lancaster Township Historic District, locally known as School Lane Hills, is a national historic district located at Lancaster Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
 The district includes 183 contributing buildings and is almost exclusively residential.
 The oldest buildings date to about 1820 and include Wheatland and the Herr House.
 The majority of the residences were built between 1920 and 1939, and include notable examples of the Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival, and American Foursquare architectural styles.
