The 2002 Asian Games (officially known as the 14th Asian Games) was a multi-sport event held in Busan, South Korea from September 29 to October 14, 2002.
 Busan was the second South Korean city to host the Games, after Seoul in 1986.
 A total of 6,572 athletes—4,605 men and 1,967 women—from 44 Asian National Olympic Committees (NOCs) participated in 38 sports divided into 419 events.
 The number of competing athletes was higher than the 1998 Asian Games, in which 6,544 athletes from 41 NOCs participated.
 It was the first time in the history of the Asian Games that all 44 member nations of the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) participated in the Games.
 Afghanistan returned after the fall of the Taliban government in the midst of ongoing war; East Timor, newest member of the OCA made its debut; and North Korea competed for the first time in an international sporting event hosted by South Korea.
 Both nations marched together at the opening ceremony with a Korean Unification Flag depicting the Korean Peninsula as United Korea.
The Asian Games, also known as Asiad, is a Pancontinental multi-sport event held every four years among athletes from all over Asia.
 The Games were regulated by the Asian Games Federation (AGF) from the first Games in New Delhi, India, until the 1978 Games.
 Since the 1982 Games they have been organized by the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA), after the breakup of the Asian Games Federation.
 The Games are recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and are described as the second largest multi-sport event after the Olympic Games.
The Asian Martial Arts Games, also known as AMG,is a Pancontinental multi-sport event held every four years among athletes from all over Asia, after the merger of the Asian Indoor Games and the Asian Martial Arts Games.
 The Games have been organized by the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA).
 The Games are described as the second largest multi-sport event after the Asian Games.
The Asian Beach Games, also known as ABG,is a multi-sport event held every four years among athletes from all over Asia.
 The Games have been organized by the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA).
 The Games are described as the second largest multi-sport event after the Asian Games and the popularity is increasing well, due to low cost of temporary venues, and sand & sea are already available in its place, while the spectators/tourists are also already available in sand & sea tourist areas.
 Which the first Asian Beach Games has been held in Bali Island.
The Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games, also known as AIMAG, is a pancontinental multi-sport event held every four years among athletes from all over Asia, after the merger of the Asian Indoor Games and the Asian Martial Arts Games.
 The Games have been organized by the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA).
 The Games are described as the second largest Asian multi-sport event after the Asian Games.
Aniversario: Never Compromise was a professional wrestling internet pay-per-view (iPPV) event produced by the Chikara promotion, that took place on June 2, 2013, at the Trocadero Theatre in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 The event marked Chikara's fourth iPPV, third to take place at the Trocadero Theatre and the promotion's only event to take place in Philadelphia in 2013.
 Much like the previous iPPV, Under the Hood, Aniversario: Never Compromise also aired through Smart Mark Video.
 Aniversario: Never Compromise celebrated Chikara's eleventh anniversary and was the first anniversary event to take place on iPPV; in the past, the promotion had celebrated its anniversaries with weekends of two shows.
 The event saw all three Chikara championships being defended with one title change, where Pieces of Hate (Jigsaw and The Shard) defeated 3.0 (Scott Parker and Shane Matthews) for the Campeonatos de Parejas.
 Another major match during the event saw former Campeones de Parejas, Amasis and Ophidian, end their nineteen-month storyline rivalry in a Sarcophagus match.
 The event concluded with a major storyline development, where Chikara's authority figure Wink Vavasseur ended the event and shut down the promotion, while the main event was still going on in the ring, leading to the promotion going inactive for a full year.
A multi-sport event is an organized sporting event, often held over multiple days, featuring competition in many different sports between organized teams of athletes from (mostly) nation-states.
 Events are typically held over a few days to accommodate the large number of events held, often more than those in single-sport competitions.
 The first major, modern, multi-sport event of international significance was the modern Olympic Games.
 Some of the most recognised sporting events in the world today are multi-sport events — the World Games, the Commonwealth Games, the Pan American Games and the Mediterranean Games — among others.
 This article lists all major multi-sport events, whether defunct or functioning, in the modern day.
 A full listing of all major multi-sport events is provided in the table below.
This is a list of sports played in the Asian Games and other major affiliated games organised by the Olympic Council of Asia.
 On 29 June 2009, the OCA announced major changes to the event lists in the five major events, in particular aiming to restrict each sport to be played in not more than one event, although exemptions may be made.
 The first round of changes commenced with the 2014 Asian Games when the number of events was recommended to be restricted to 35 with 28 Olympic sports and up to a maximum of seven non-Olympic sports.
 Some events currently in the Asian Games programme may henceforth be relegated to the newly formed Asian Indoor-Martial Arts Games which was first held in 2013 or to the Asian Beach Games.
The Asian Youth Games, also known as AYG,is a multi-sport event held every four years among athletes from all over Asia.
 The Games have been organized by the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA).
 The Games are described as the second largest multi-sport event after the Asian Games.
Laos The 2010 Asian Games, also known as the XVI Asiad, was a multi-sport event celebrated in Guangzhou, China from November 12 to 27, 2010.
 Guangzhou was the second Chinese city to host the Games, after Beijing in 1990.
 A total of 9,704 athletes from 45 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) competed in 476 events from 42 sports and disciplines (28 Olympic sports and 14 non-Olympic sports), making it the largest event in the history of the Games.
 It was also the last edition of the Games to have featured such a large amount of events, as the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) have enforced new hosting rules for future Games, beginning with the 2014 Games, scheduled to take place in Incheon, South Korea with 36 sports and disciplines set to feature.
