Caroline Lesley is an American & Canadian actor based in Toronto & Los Angeles.
 Previously based in New York and San Francisco.
 She has studied at The Groundlings comedy theater in West Hollywood, Upright Citizens Brigade in New York.
 The Pit in San Francisco & Ryerson Theater school in Toronto.
 Lesley is in the movie "Fruitvale Station".
 The film won the Grand Jury prize and the Audience award at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival The film went to the Cannes Film Festival, where it received the Future Award.
 Caroline attended the LA Film Festival premiere of the movie.
 She is a voice actor who has voiced hundreds of radio and TV commercials.
 She is the voice of Yoplait Light and has been voicing several commercials for Yoplait since 2007.
 She also voiced the character Kam Kamazaki, an evil boy genius, on the "Medabots" anime television series.
 She is the voice of Lidda on the "Dungeons and Dragons" movie: "Scourge of Worlds".
 Caroline is also the sultry intermission voice of the Basketball Jones podcast.
Monster Maezuka (前塚 モンスター , Maezuka Monsuta ) is a Japanese voice actor currently associated with the Clutch voice actor agency.
 Maezuka is noted for his roles as Ralf Jones, Benimaru Nikaido, and Choi Bounge in "The King of Fighters" fighting game series.
 He has also voiced the latter two in "Capcom vs. SNK", and the first in "" anime; in addition to that, he has also had voiceover experience playing Sling and the narrator in the original Japanese version of "Beast Wars Neo".
 Maezuka is also noted for having done the voices of Kyoshiro Senryo and Nicotine Caffeine in the "Samurai Shodown" series, as well as Ken Masters in "".
Brianne Siddall (born August 25, 1963 in Encino, California), also known under her stage names of Ian Hawk and Brianne Brozey, is an American voice actress.
 She is known for voicing Tommy Himi and Calumon in over a hundred episodes of the popular anime "Digimon" and its video games, as well as for voicing Tsukasa and Elk in the anime ".
hack//Sign" and the ".
hack" games.
 In the late 1990s Siddall, under the stage name Ian Hawk, was hired to perform as the voice of Myōjin Yahiko for the Sony dub of the "Ruroni Kenshin" anime and OAV, which premiered in the United States under the title "Samurai X." This initial attempt to market the series proved unsuccessful and the series was later re-dubbed by Media Blasters, who chose to hire Bang Zoom!
 Entertainment to redub the series.
 She also voiced characters for Pioneer and Bang Zoom!
 including Kunikida in "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya", Ruby and Rina in "Saint Tail".
 In live-action voice-over, she voiced Impus, the infant version of the character Prince Olympius, in "Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue", and Circuit the robotic owl in "Power Rangers Time Force".
 She voiced Jim Hawking, the kid crew member in "Outlaw Star", which had a run on Cartoon Network's Toonami and Adult Swim programming blocks, She also voiced main character Al Izuruha in the "Mobile Suit Gundam" OAV, "".
Manoel Garcia Júnior (March 2, 1967 - ) is a Brazilian voice actor, translator, and dubbing director from São Paulo.
 He is best known as the voice of He-Man in the media franchise Masters of the Universe, Montgomery Moose in The Get Along Gang, and Donald Duck in Disney productions.
 He is the son of voice actor Garcia Neto.
Doug Parker is a Canadian voice actor and animation director.
 He has been active in the industry since 1988.
 He has cast, and directed many animated shows and films.
 He also has voiced characters in several cartoons and anime; he is probably best known for his work in "ToddWorld", which was nominated as an outstanding children's animated program.
 His character Terrorsaur in "" is also well-known, as well as Starscream.
 Doug also provided the voice of Prince Adam in "The New Adventures of He-Man" (1990).
Rickey D'Shon Collins (born January 17, 1983) is an American voice actor, most notable for providing the voice of Vince LaSalle in Disney's hit show "Recess".
 He also voiced Tucker Foley in the Nickelodeon show "Danny Phantom".
 He has done voice overs for other television shows such as "Static Shock" and "Justice League".
 He also voiced Vince LaSalle in the "Recess" film "".
 In 2006 he reprised his role as Vince LaSalle once again, in a special crossover episode of "".
 Most recently, he is best known as the associate producer in the 2009 comedy short "Brotherlee" and the writer in the 2011 thriller short "Undiagnosed".
Tex Brashear (born January 2, 1955) is a voice actor, who after a career in radio in Texas, Arizona, and Los Angeles, made the transition into voice acting.
 Known as "The Man of 1000 Voices" (although he actually does more than 3000), Brashear has been heard in thousands of cartoons, radio and television commercials, and has narrated many nature and historical films.
 His "basso profundo" voice has been heard in countless movie trailers through the years.
 His comedic singing has even been featured on "The Doctor Demento Show".
 He has also voiced and produced comedy bits for "The Howard Stern Show" and "The Rush Limbaugh Program".
 Winner of 102 Addy Awards, he is also credited with discovering and developing the technique of reverse breathing, a vocal technique used by voice actors to help sustain their long breaths.
 It is somewhat related to circular breathing.
 In addition to voice acting, he has also served as casting director and dialect coach for many films, both American and foreign, and has contributed many research papers on the history of the American Southwest.
Troy Edward Baker (born April 1, 1976) is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in video games.
 He has voiced Joel in "The Last of Us", Booker DeWitt in "BioShock Infinite", Delsin Rowe in "Infamous Second Son", The Joker in "" and "", Rhys in "Tales from the Borderlands", Talion in "", Sam Drake in "" and "", Jack Mitchell in "", Vincent Brooks in "Catherine", Yuri Lowell in "Tales of Vesperia", Pagan Min in "Far Cry 4".
 He also voiced in a number of English adaptations of Japanese anime shows, including "", "Trinity Blood", "Fullmetal Alchemist", and "".
 He has also voiced Hawkeye in a number of Marvel-related animation and video games.
Steven M. Kramer (born December 24, 1950 in San Juan Capistrano, California) is an American voice actor for many anime titles.
 He has also done voice acting for various "Power Rangers" series in the past, with the best-known of those roles being the voice of Darkonda in "Power Rangers in Space".
 His wife, Melora Harte, is a voice actress.
 Kramer has also been credited as Steve Kraemer, Steven Kramer, Drew Levi Thomas, Drew Lexi Thomas, and Drew Thomas.
 Kramer is usually cast in the role of wise old men.
 He also voiced Zhang Fei in "Dynasty Warriors 6" and "Dynasty Warriors 7", replacing the late Bob Papenbrook.
 He is also a voice director and script writer, adapting many anime and video games.
Hiroya Ishimaru (石丸 博也 , Ishimaru Hiroya ) is a Japanese voice actor most famous for performing the role of Koji Kabuto in the 1972 series "Mazinger Z" and its sequels.
 He also voiced Tutty from "Bosco Adventure" and recently voiced Ultraman Taro in "Ultraman Story", "Ultraman Mebius", and "Ultraman Mebius and Ultra Brothers."
 He is also the official Japanese dub-over voice artist for Jackie Chan.
 He voiced Dracula in "".
 He also voiced Lei Wulong from the "Tekken" fighting game series, who has a strong resemblance to Jackie Chan.
