John Leverett (baptized 7 July 1616 – 16 March 1678/9) was an English colonial magistrate, merchant, soldier and governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
 Born in England, he came to Massachusetts as a teenager.
 He was a leading merchant in the colony, and served in its military.
 In the 1640s he went back to England to fight in the English Civil War.
Le donne rivali is an intermezzo in two acts by composer Domenico Cimarosa with an Italian libretto by a now unknown poet.
 It is speculated that Giuseppe Petrosellini may have been the author of the libretto.
 The opera premiered at the Teatro Valle in Rome during Carnival in 1780.
 The original choreography was created by Alberto Cavos, the original costumes by Antonio Dian, and the original scenery by Domenico Fossati.
 Music critics particularly admire the final quintet that closes the opera.
 In recent years, "Le donne rivali" has been occasionally revived and recorded.
 In 1991, the Juilliard Opera Center intertwined the work with Mozart's unfinished opera "Lo sposo deluso", which shares the same libretto, to make one large work.
Don Pasquale (] ) is an opera buffa, or comic opera, in three acts by Gaetano Donizetti with an Italian libretto completed largely by Giovanni Ruffini as well as the composer.
 It was based on a libretto by Angelo Anelli for Stefano Pavesi's opera "Ser Marcantonio" written in 1810 but, on the published libretto, the author appears as "M.A."
Amica is an opera in two acts by Pietro Mascagni, originally composed to a libretto by Paul Bérel (the pseudonym of Paul de Choudens).
 The only opera by Mascagni with a French libretto, it was an immediate success with both the audience and the critics on its opening night at the Théâtre du Casino in Monte-Carlo on 16 March 1905.
 Mascagni himself conducted the performance.
 The opera had its Italian premiere (with an Italian libretto by Mascagni's close collaborator, Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti) on 13 May 1905 at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome.
Partenope is an opera in three acts by Manuel de Zumaya.
 Zumaya adapted the libretto himself from a Spanish translation of Silvio Stampiglia's Italian libretto which was first set for performance in Naples during 1699 with music by Luigi Mancia.
 All told, Stampiglia's libretto was used by a variety of composers for more than a dozen operas that were produced all over Italy, including versions by Leonardo Vinci and George Frideric Handel.
 Zumaya's version was commissioned by Viceroy Fernando de Alencastre Noroña y Silva and produced at the viceroyal palace in Mexico City on 1 May 1711.
 The production is the earliest known full opera produced in North America and the first opera written by an American-born composer.
 However, "Parténope" is not the earliest opera to be performed in the New World, as some sources have reported.
 That distinction belongs to Tomás de Torrejón y Velasco's "La púrpura de la rosa", which premiered ten years earlier in Lima, Peru.
María de Navas Bocos (18 March 1678 – 5 March 1721), was a Spanish stage actress born in Milan, known as La Milanesa.
Antonio Lucio Vivaldi (] ; 4 March 1678 – 28 July 1741) was an Italian Baroque composer, virtuoso violinist, teacher and cleric.
 Born in Venice, he is recognized as one of the greatest Baroque composers, and his influence during his lifetime was widespread across Europe.
 He composed many instrumental concertos, for the violin and a variety of other instruments, as well as sacred choral works and more than forty operas. His best-known work is a series of violin concertos known as "The Four Seasons".
Charlotte Lee, Lady Baltimore (13 March 1678 Old Style – 22 January 1721 Old Style), was an English noblewoman, and granddaughter of King Charles II of England and his mistress Barbara Villiers.
 She married in 1699, Benedict Leonard Calvert, 4th Baron Baltimore, from whom she separated in 1705; and later, married Christopher Crowe.
 She was the mother of Charles Calvert, 5th Baron Baltimore, and of Benedict Leonard Calvert, who was Governor of Maryland from 1727–1731.
Jacques Hardel (died March 1678) was a French composer and harpsichordist.
Zanetto is an opera in one act by Pietro Mascagni to an Italian libretto by Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti and Guido Menasci.
 It received its first performance on 2 March 1896 at the Liceo Musicale Rossini in Pesaro.
 Only 40 minutes long and with cast of two singers, "Zanetto" was originally described by its composer as a "scena lirica" (lyric scene) rather than an opera.
 It is set in the countryside near Florence during the Renaissance and tells the story of an encounter between a beautiful courtesan, Silvia, and a young wandering minstrel, Zanetto.
 The libretto was adapted from an Italian translation by Emilio Praga of François Coppée's play "Le passant" (The passer-by) in which the young Sarah Bernhardt had won fame in the "en travesti" role of Zanetto.
