Djuan Rivers is the Vice President of Disney's Animal Kingdom at Walt Disney World.
 He previously served as Vice President for Hotels and Business Solutions at Disneyland Paris after having been General Manager of the Disney Aulani Resort & Spa in Hawaii.
Disney's Coronado Springs Resort is a resort hotel at the Walt Disney World Resort that opened on August 1, 1997.
 The resort is located in the Animal Kingdom Resort Area.
 Its theme is American colonial Spanish and southwestern American.
 This hotel is categorized as a 'moderate' resort.
 This was Walt Disney World's first attempt at a 'moderate' resort with a convention center.
 It is the only moderate level Disney resort with suites, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a formal dinner restaurant (Maya Grill), a gift shop, an arcade, one large pool, three quiet pools, a salon, fitness center, and a dance club.
 The resort is owned and operated by Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa is a AAA Four Diamond Award–winning, Victorian themed luxury hotel and spa located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida.
 The property opened on June 28, 1988 as the "Grand Floridian Beach Resort".
 The name changed to "Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa" during the fall of 1997.
 The resort contains 867 rooms among six buildings at an average of 400 sqft per room.
 The resort is owned and operated by Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
The Walt Disney World Dolphin is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney's Hollywood Studios in the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, next to Disney's BoardWalk Resort area.
 It opened on June 1, 1990 and is joined to its sister hotel, the Walt Disney World Swan (also designed by Graves) by a palm-tree lined covered walkway crossing a lagoon.
 The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company, Tishman Hotel Corporation, MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts.
 The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company, while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife but operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Sheraton Hotels brand.
 The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts; because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only.
Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa is a beachside hotel, resort and vacation destination offering complimentary children's activities and programs at the Ko Olina Resort & Marina in Kapolei on the Hawaiian island of Oahu.
 Part of the Disney Vacation Club, it is the third Disney Vacation Club Resort located outside of a Disney theme park property.
 The resort opened on August 29, 2011.
The Walt Disney World Swan is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney's Hollywood Studios behind Disney's BoardWalk Resort and across from its sister resort, the Walt Disney World Dolphin.
 The Swan, which opened January 13, 1990 on Disney property, is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company, Tishman Hotel Corporation, MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts.
 The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company, while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife and operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Westin brand.
 The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts, because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only.
Disneyland Paris, originally Euro Disney Resort, is an entertainment resort in Marne-la-Vallée, a new town located 32 km east of the centre of Paris, and is the most visited theme park in all of Europe.
 It is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company and is the only resort outside the United States to be.
 The resort covers 4800 acre and encompasses two theme parks, many resort hotels, a shopping, dining, and entertainment complex, and a golf course, in addition to several additional recreational and entertainment venues.
 Disneyland Park is the original theme park of the complex, opening with the resort on 12 April 1992.
 A second theme park, Walt Disney Studios Park, opened in 2002.
 The resort is the second Disney park to open outside the United States following the opening of the Tokyo Disney Resort in 1983.
Ko Olina Resort is a 642 acre master-planned vacation and residential community on the leeward coast of Oahu, 17 mi northwest of Honolulu.
 Ko Olina has 2 mi of coastal frontage and includes three natural and four man-made lagoons with white-sand beaches.
 It is home to four hotel and vacation-club resorts: Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa; the Ihilani Resort & Spa, Marriott's Ko Olina Beach Club, and The Four Seasons at Ko Olina, as well as several resort condominiums and villa homes.
 Previously, the JW Marriott at Ko Olina occupied The Four Seasons property.
 An Atlantis Resort, similar to Atlantis Dubai, is currently being designed as an international destination for millennial travelers.
 The property will be adjacent to the condominiums located on lagoon three.
Tokyo DisneySea (東京ディズニーシー , Tōkyō DizunīShī ) is a 176 acre theme park at the Tokyo Disney Resort located in Urayasu, Chiba, Japan, just outside Tokyo.
 It opened on 4 September 2001, at a cost of 335 billion yen.
 Owned by The Oriental Land Company, which licenses Disney characters and themes from The Walt Disney Company, Tokyo DisneySea attracted an estimated 11 million visitors in 2016, making it the sixth-most-visited theme park in the world.
 Tokyo DisneySea was the second theme park to open at the Tokyo Disney Resort and the ninth park of the twelve worldwide Disney theme parks to open.
 Tokyo DisneySea was the fastest theme park in the world to reach the milestone of 10 million guests, having done so in 307 days after its grand opening.
 The previous record-holder was Universal Studios Japan 338 days after its opening.
Disney's Wilderness Lodge is a AAA Four-Diamond Award–winning resort hotel located at the Walt Disney World Resort.
 It opened on May 28, 1994.
 The resort is owned and operated by Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
 Disney's Wilderness Lodge is located in the Magic Kingdom Resort Area on Bay Lake.
 The resort is also located near Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground.
 A similarly-themed resort, Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa, is located at the Disneyland Resort in California.
