The Judas Kiss is a 1998 British play by David Hare, about Oscar Wilde's scandal and disgrace at the hands of his young lover Bosie (Lord Alfred Douglas).
Oscar is a British TV serial first transmitted by BBC 2 in March 1985.
 Michael Gambon portrayed Oscar Wilde while other actors included Robin Lermitte as Lord Alfred Douglas, Tim Hardy as Alfred Taylor, Emily Richard as Constance Wilde and Norman Rodway as the Marquis of Queensberry.
 The serial concentrated on Wilde's trials and time in prison.
The Green Carnation, first published anonymously in 1894, was a scandalous novel by Robert Hichens whose lead characters are closely based on Oscar Wilde and Lord Alfred Douglas – also known as "Bosie", whom the author personally knew.
 It was an instant "succès de scandale" on both sides of the Atlantic.
Harold Sherwood Spencer (born 1890, date of death unknown) was an American-born British anti-homosexuality and antisemitic activist during and after World War I.
 He was closely associated with Noel Pemberton Billing and Lord Alfred Douglas.
The play Oscar Wilde, written by Leslie and Sewell Stokes, is based on the life of the Irish playwright Oscar Wilde in which Wilde's friend, the controversial author and journalist Frank Harris, appears as a character.
 The play, which contains much of Wilde's actual writings, starts with Wilde's literary success and his friendship with Lord Alfred Douglas, turns into a courtroom melodrama, and ends with Wilde as a broken alcoholic after two years in prison.
John Francis Bloxam (1873 – 1928) was an English Uranian author and churchman.
 Bloxam was an undergraduate at Exeter College, Oxford when his story, "the Priest and the Acolyte", appeared in the sole issue of "the Chameleon: a Bazaar of Dangerous and Smiling Chances", a periodical which he also served as editor.
 The story details the love affair of a priest and his lover, a boy.
 The affair, when discovered, triggers the priest's suicide.
 A poem, "A Summer Hour", also with pederastic themes, appeared in "the Artist".
 The contents of "the Chameleon", which also included Lord Alfred Douglas' notorious poem "Two Loves", would be used against Oscar Wilde in his trial.
 Bloxam was a convert to Anglo-Catholicism, and became a priest.
Salome's Last Dance is a 1988 film by British film director, Ken Russell.
 Although most of the action is a verbatim performance of Oscar Wilde's 1893 play "Salome", which is itself based on a story from the New Testament, there is also a framing narrative written by Russell himself.
 Wilde (Nickolas Grace) and his lover Lord Alfred Douglas (Douglas Hodge) arrive late on Guy Fawkes Day at their friend's brothel, where they are treated to a surprise staging of Wilde's play, public performances of which have just been banned in England by the Lord Chamberlain's office.
Olive Eleanor Custance (7 February 1874 – 12 February 1944) was a British poet and wife of Lord Alfred Douglas.
 She was part of the aesthetic movement of the 1890s, and a contributor to "The Yellow Book".
Maxim Mazumdar (27 January 1952 – 28 April 1988) was an Indo-Canadian playwright and director.
 He is known for his one-man show, "Oscar Remembered", which tells the story of the Irish playwright Oscar Wilde as seen from the perspective of his lover and nemesis, Lord Alfred Douglas.
De Profundis (Latin: "from the depths") is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol, to "Bosie" (Lord Alfred Douglas).
