James "Jamie" Fraser is a fictional character in the "Outlander" series of multi-genre novels by American author Diana Gabaldon, and its television adaptation.
 In the series, married World War II nurse Claire Randall is visiting Scotland when she finds herself transported from 1945 back to 1743.
 There she finds adventure, war and romance with the dashing Highland warrior Jamie Fraser.
 Jamie also appears in two novels in the "Lord John" series of historical mysteries, and in the 2013 novella "Virgins".
Simon Woods (born 1980) is an English actor best known for his role as Octavian in Season 2 of the British-American television series "Rome" and the 2005 "Pride & Prejudice" as Charles Bingley.
 He also starred as Dr Harrison in the BBC1 costume drama series "Cranford", whose arrival in the village "sets female hearts racing."
The strip follows the life of fictional character Claire Bennett, an insecure and naive young woman, who has left her parents' home to live on her own.
 She is visited frequently by Sammi, her elegant, financially savvy, and impatient best friend; Jeff, her guy's guy neighbor, who's happy working construction and doesn't understand Claire's ambition or life issues; her "out there" Oprah-fanatic mom and her "work hard or you're worth nothing" dad; and the perfect neighbors, Pasha and James, who seem to do everything with an ease and flair Claire can't achieve or imagine possessing herself.
 But she managed to settle down in with a life with medical researcher Paul along their dog Bradley and cat Lulu and at the end of the series were engaged.
Outlander is a British-American television drama series based on the historical time travel "Outlander" series of novels by Diana Gabaldon.
 Developed by Ronald D. Moore and produced by Sony Pictures Television and Left Bank Pictures for Starz, the show premiered on August 9, 2014.
 It stars Caitriona Balfe as Claire Randall, a married World War II nurse who in 1945 finds herself transported back to the Scotland of 1743, where she encounters the dashing Highland warrior Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) and becomes embroiled in the Jacobite risings.
Temptation of Wife is a Philippine television drama series developed by Richard Cruz, which premiered on GMA Network it premiered on October 29, 2012 in GMA Telebabad block, replacing "Luna Blanca", and October 30, 2012 worldwide via GMA Pinoy TV.
 The series is a remake of 2008 South Korean hit drama series of the same title.
 It banners Marian Rivera, Dennis Trillo, Glaiza de Castro and Rafael Rosell as the four main characters of the series.
 It is under the helm of Dominic Zapata.
The Flashman Papers is a series of novels and short stories written by George MacDonald Fraser, the first of which was published in 1969.
 The books centre on the exploits of the fictional protagonist Harry Flashman.
 He is a cowardly British soldier, rake and cad who is placed in a series of real historical incidents between 1839 and 1894.
 While the incidents and much of the detail in the novels have a factual background, Flashman's actions in the stories are either fictional, or Fraser uses the actions of unidentified individuals and assigns them to Flashman.
 Flashman is a minor character in the 1857 novel by Thomas Hughes, "Tom Brown's School Days"; Hughes' version of the character is a bully at Rugby School who is expelled for drunkenness.
 The character was then developed by Fraser, and appeared in the 1969 novel "Flashman".
 Fraser went on to write a total of eleven novels and one collection of short stories featuring the character.
Caitriona Balfe ( ; born 4 October 1979) is an Irish actress and model.
 She is best known for her role as Claire Fraser in the Starz series "Outlander", for which she won two People's Choice Awards and two Saturn Awards, and received two nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Television Series – Drama.
Claire Fraser is a fictional character in the "Outlander" series of multi-genre novels by American author Diana Gabaldon, and its television adaptation.
 In the series, Claire is a married World War II nurse visiting Scotland who finds herself transported from 1945 back to 1743.
 There she finds adventure, war and romance with the dashing Highland warrior Jamie Fraser.
 Smart, stubborn and willful, Claire uses her wits, practical medical skills and knowledge of the future to survive in the 18th century.
"Outlander" is a British-American television drama series based on the "Outlander" series of historical time travel novels by Diana Gabaldon.
 Developed by Ronald D. Moore and produced by Sony Pictures Television and Left Bank Pictures for Starz, the show premiered on August 9, 2014.
 It stars Caitriona Balfe as Claire Randall, a married former World War II nurse who in 1946 finds herself transported back to the Scotland of 1743, where she meets the dashing Highland warrior Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) and becomes embroiled in the Jacobite risings.
Claire Bennet is a fictional character in the NBC psychological thriller science fiction drama series "Heroes".
 She is portrayed by Hayden Panettiere and first appeared on television in the pilot episode of the series, "Genesis" on September 25, 2006.
 She is a high school cheerleader with the power of rapid cellular regeneration.
 Claire appears in more episodes than any other character (72, plus a 73rd through stock footage).
 Killed in an explosion in Odessa where she gave birth to Malina and Nathan which he was named after his biological grandfather and had a husband named "Hammer" who left her.
