Secotium is a genus of fungi in the family Agaricaceae.
 The members of this genus are closely related to ordinary "Agaricus" mushrooms, but do not open out in the usual way; this has given rise to the term "secotioid" for such mushrooms in general.
 They are thought to form an evolutionary link between agarics and gasteroid fungi (whose spores are enclosed in a pouch-like structure).
 "Secotium" is a widespread genus, with species that are predominantly found in warm and arid regions.
Xerocomus is a genus of fungi that is related to "Boletus".
 Many mycologists do not recognize the distinction; however, several molecular studies have demonstrated that they are two distinct genera, with clear morphological differences.
 The genus "Xerocomus" has been further divided into "Xerocomellus" and "Hemileccinum" by Šutara (2008).
 The members of the "Xerocomellus" genus are more closely related to "Boletus" than true "Xerocomus" is, which is relatively distantly related to "Boletus" and more closely related to "Phylloporus".
 Other former "Xerocomus" species have been moved to "Aureoboletus", "Imleria", "Hortiboletus" and "Rheubarbariboletus".
Descolea is a genus of fungi in the family Bolbitiaceae.
 Described by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1952, the widespread genus contains about 15 species.
 It was formerly placed in the family Cortinariaceae because of its basidiospores and its ectomycorrhizal lifestyle.
 A 2013 molecular phylogenetics study by Tóth "et al." found it to be closely related to the genus "Pholiotina" The genus "Pseudodescolea", erected for the single "Descolea"-like species "Pseudodescolea lepiotiformis", was formerly considered distinct until a 1990 study found it to be a synonym of "Descolea antarctica".
Pittosporum spinescens is a shrub native to woodlands and dry rainforest of Northern and Eastern Australia and New Guinea.
 Growing to 7m tall with small leaves clustered on short branches that often terminate in a sharp point.
 The plant produced edible fruits, 2–3 cm in diameter.
 It is commonly known as Wallaby Apple, Orange Thorn or Thorn Orange.
 "P. spinescens" is very similar in appearance to the closely related "Pittosporum multiflorum", but is readily distinguished by its entire leaf margins, in contrast to the toothed leaf margins of the latter.
The white-eyelid mangabeys are African Old World monkeys belonging to the genus Cercocebus.
 They are characterized by their bare upper eyelids, which are lighter than their facial skin colouring, and the uniformly coloured hairs of the fur.
 The other two genera of mangabeys, "Lophocebus" and "Rungwecebus", were once thought to be very closely related to "Cercocebus", so much so that all the species were placed in one genus.
 However, it is now understood that "Lophocebus" and "Rungwecebus" species are more closely related to the baboons in genus "Papio", while the "Cercocebus" species are more closely related to the mandrill.
Hymenosporum flavum, or native frangipani, is a rainforest tree which is native to Queensland and New South Wales in Australia and New Guinea.
 It is the sole species within the genus Hymenosporum, and is closely related to the widespread genus Pittosporum.
Ireangelus is a genus of kleptoparasitic spider wasps from the sub-family Ceropalinae of the family Pompilidae.
 The genus has a pan tropical distribution,being known from Oriental, Neotropical, Australian, eastern Palearctic, and Madagascan Zoogeographic regions being best represented in the Neotropics.
 "Irenangelus" is closely related to the more widespread genus "Ceropales", the two genera forming a monophyletic subfamily, Ceropalinae within the Pompilidae.
 This is regarded as the most basal grouping of the Pompilidae but this view is problematic because of the kleptoparasitic life history of the Ceropalines, it is now considered that they Ceropalines and other pompilids evolved from a common ectoparasitoid ancestor.
Pittosporum ( or ) is a genus of about 200 species of flowering plants in the family Pittosporaceae.
 The genus is probably Gondwanan in origin; its present range extends from Australasia, Oceania, eastern Asia and some parts of Africa.
 "Citriobatus" is usually included here, but might be a distinct (though closely related) genus.
 They are commonly known as pittosporums or, more ambiguously, "cheesewoods".
The Accipitrinae are the subfamily of the Accipitridae often known as the "true" hawks, including all members of "Accipiter" and the closely related genera "Melierax", "Urotriorchis", "Erythrotriorchis" and "Megatriorchis".
 The large and widespread genus "Accipiter" includes goshawks, sparrowhawks, the sharp-shinned hawk and others.
 They are primarily woodland birds that hunt by sudden dashes from a concealed perch, with long tails, broad wings and high visual acuity facilitating this lifestyle.
 In light of recent genetic research, the kites of the traditional subfamily Milvinae may also belong to this group.
The crested mangabeys are West-African Old World monkeys belonging to the genus Lophocebus.
 They tend to have dark skin, eyelids that match their facial skin, and crests of hair on their heads.
 Another genus of mangabeys, "Cercocebus", was once thought to be very closely related, so much so that all the species were placed in one genus.
 However, it is now understood that "Lophocebus" species are more closely related to the baboons in genus "Papio", while the "Cercocebus" species are more closely related to the mandrill.
 In 2006, the highland mangabey was moved from "Lophocebus" to a new genus, "Rungwecebus".
