Mount Merbabu (Indonesian: "Gunung Merbabu" ) is a dormant stratovolcano in Central Java province on the Indonesian island of Java.
 The name "Merbabu" could be loosely translated as 'Mountain of Ash' from the Javanese combined words; "Meru" means "mountain" and "awu" or "abu" means "ash".
Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles, FRS (6 July 1781 – 5 July 1826) was a British statesman, Lieutenant-Governor of British Java (1811–1815) and Governor-General of Bencoolen (1817–1822), best known for his founding of Modern Singapore.
 He was heavily involved in the conquest of the Indonesian island of Java from Dutch and French military forces during the Napoleonic Wars and contributed to the expansion of the British Empire.
 He was also an amateur writer and wrote a book titled "The History of Java" (1817).
Java (Indonesian: Jawa; Javanese: ꦗꦮ; Sundanese: ) is an island of Indonesia.
 With a population of over 141 million (the island itself) or 145 million (the administrative region), Java is home to 56.7 percent of the Indonesian population and is the most populous island on Earth.
 The Indonesian capital city, Jakarta, is located on western Java.
 Much of Indonesian history took place on Java.
 It was the center of powerful Hindu-Buddhist empires, the Islamic sultanates, and the core of the colonial Dutch East Indies.
 Java was also the center of the Indonesian struggle for independence during the 1930s and 1940s.
 Java dominates Indonesia politically, economically and culturally.The UNESCO world heritage site, Ujung Kulon, is located on the westernmost tip (West Java).
The Indonesian island of Java is almost entirely of volcanic origin, and contains numerous volcanoes, 45 of which are considered active volcanoes.
 As is the case for many other Indonesian islands, volcanoes have played a vital role in the geological and human history of Java.
 Indeed, land is created on Java as a result of lava flows, ash deposits, and mud flows ("lahars").
 Volcanoes are a major contributor to the immense fertility of Java, as natural erosion transports volcanic material as alluvium to the island's plains, forming thick layers of fertile sediment.
 The benefit is not just in the immediate vicinity of the volcano, with fine ash emitted from eruptions being dispersed over wide areas.
Madura is an Indonesian island off the northeastern coast of Java.
 The island comprises an area of approximately 4,078.67 km² (administratively 5,168  km² including various smaller islands to the east and north).
 Madura is administered as part of the East Java province.
 It is separated from Java by the narrow Strait of Madura.
 The administered area has a density of 702 people per km², while that of the island itself (3,630,000 people in 2012 count) is higher at 817/km².
Balinese or simply Bali is a Malayo-Polynesian language spoken by 3.3 million people (as of 2000 ) on the Indonesian island of Bali, as well as northern Nusa Penida, western Lombok and eastern Java.
 Most Balinese speakers also know Indonesian.
 Balinese itself is not mutually intelligible with Indonesian, but may be understood by Javanese speakers after some exposure.
The State of East Java (Indonesian: "Negara Jawa Timur" ) was a federal state "(negara bagian)" formed on the Indonesian island of Java by the Netherlands in 1948.
 It subsequently became a component of the United States of Indonesia, but in 1950 merged into the Republic of Indonesia on 9 March 1950.
Cirebon (formerly referred to as Cheribon in English) is a port city on the north coast of the Indonesian island of Java.
 It is located in the province of West Java near the provincial border with Central Java, approximately 297 km east of Jakarta, at .
 The administrative area of Cirebon is very small in extent, however, its dense suburbs sprawl into the surrounding regency; the official metropolitan area encompasses this regency as well as the city, and covers an area of 1,021.88 km, with a 2010 Census population of 2,366,340.
The State of Pasundan (Indonesian and Sundanese: "Negara Pasundan" ) was a federal state "(negara bagian)" formed in the western part of the Indonesian island of Java by the Netherlands in 1948 as part of an attempt to reestablish the colony of the Dutch East Indies during the Indonesian National Revolution.
 It was similar to the geographical area now encompassed by the current provinces of West Java, Banten and Jakarta.
The State of Madura (Indonesian: "Negara Madura" ; Madurese: "Negara Madhurâ" ) was a federal state "(negara bagian)" formed on the Indonesian island of Madura by the Netherlands in 1948 as part of an attempt to reestablish the colony of the Dutch East Indies during the Indonesian National Revolution.
 It included Madura and neighbouring islands that now form part of the current province of East Java.
