Concord Pavilion (formerly known as Sleep Train Pavilion and Chronicle Pavilion) is an amphitheatre located in Concord, California.
 It is owned by the City of Concord and operated by Live Nation.
 The Pavilion has a capacity of 12,500 people and opened in 1975 as the Concord Pavilion.
 It is used for concerts, local community events (including an annual jazz festival) and local high school graduations.
The Kertha Gosa pavilion is an example of Balinese architecture located on the island of Bali, in the city Klungkung, Indonesia.
 The Kertha Gosa Pavilion at Klungkung Palace was first built in the early 18th century by Dewa Agung Gusti Sideman.
 The first function of the pavilion was for the court of law in 1945.
 Kertha Gosa was repainted in the 1920s and again in the 1960s.
 The people who discovered the pavilion knew there was an extensive history behind the pavilion.
 The discovery of Kertha Gosa pavilion was only known by people writing about it here or there to others outside of Bali.
 The Kertha Gosa Pavilion at Klungkung has the story of Bhima Swarga painted around the ceiling.
 Bhima Swarga is a Hindu epic referenced from the Mahabharata.
 The story at the Kertha Gosa Pavilion is not the whole Mahabharata but one small section called Bhima Swarga.
The Oleson Park Music Pavilion, also known as the Karl King Bandshell, is located in Fort Dodge, Iowa, United States.
 The pavilion is associated with Karl King, a famed composer for concert and military bands, who advocated for its construction.
 It was designed by Henry L. Kamphoefner, a Sioux City architect at that time, who had previously designed the Grandview Park Music Pavilion in Sioux City.
 It was built as a Works Progress Administration (WPA) project.
 The WPA paid for 85% of its construction, with the City of Fort Dodge paying the rest.
 The poured concrete structure was built in a Modernist style with Art Deco overtones.
 It rises to a height of 36 ft , and it is known for its acoustical excellence.
 The pavilion replaced a bandstand that was built in the 1920s in the city square.
 It was dedicated to King in 1976, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
A sala (Thai: ศาลา  ] ; Khmer: សាលា ] ), also known as a sala Thai, is an open pavilion, used as a meeting place and to protect people from sun and rain.
 Most are open on all four sides.
 They are found throughout Thailand in Buddhist temple areas, or wats, although they can also be located in other places.
 A person who builds a sala at a temple or in a public place gains religious merit.
 A sala located in a temple is called a "salawat" (ศาลาวัด).
 Some temples have large salas where laity can hear sermons or receive religious instructions.
 These are called "sala kan parian" (ศาลาการเปรียญ), meaning pavilion where monks learn for the Parian examination.
 The city halls or offices of the province governors are called "sala wa kan" (ศาลาว่าการ, literally meaning "government pavilion") or "sala klang changwat" (ศาลากลางจังหวัด, literally meaning a provincial main pavilion).
The Darling's Waterfront Pavilion (originally known as the Bangor Waterfront Pavilion) is an open-air amphitheater located within the Waterfront Park in Bangor, Maine.
 The venue is a temporary structure built alongside the Penobscot River.
 The venue typically operates from July until October.
Corus Quay, originally named First Waterfront Place, is an eight-storey commercial office tower located on a 2.5 acre waterfront site in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 The $160 million building is the first major development planned for the East Bayfront district, and completed construction at the foot of Jarvis Street.
 Corus Quay is Corus Entertainment's new Toronto headquarters, consolidating its 10 locations and 1,200 employees into one site.
 The building was being developed by the Toronto Economic Development Corporation (TEDCO), a city agency.
 Funding for the project came from TEDCO's equity, city loans and a $12.5 million contribution from the city contributed via Waterfront Toronto.
Silver Line Way is a surface bus rapid transit station on the MBTA Silver Line, located on Silver Line Way at Pumphouse Road between Massport Haul Road (Trilling Street) and D Street near the South Boston Waterfront.
 The station is a block south of the Boston Fish Pier; it also serves the Boston Renaissance Waterfront Hotel and the Blue Hills Bank Pavilion.
The Zuiweng Pavilion (, is a pavilion lying to the south east of Chuzhou City, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China.
 Located in The Northern Song Dynasty whilst the structure that exists today dates to the Qing Dynasty (1644–1911).
 The pavilion takes its name from the Northern Song poet Ouyang Xiu, who called himself the "Old Toper" and wrote a poem entitled "Zuiweng Tingji" or "An Account of the Old Toper's Pavilion".
The Grandview Park Music Pavilion is a historic structure located in Sioux City, Iowa, United States.
 The Monahan Post Band raised money in 1930 to build a modest music shell in the park.
 Construction was already underway when the park's neighbors objected to the design.
 The project was put on hold as the band raised more money and sought a more suitable design.
 After President Franklin D. Roosevelt created the Civil Works Administration (CWA) in 1933, the city applied to have the new music shell included in Sioux City's projects.
 Henry L. Kamphoefner, an unknown Sioux City architect at that time, drew up the plans for the structure.
 The sculptural plaques on the front of the pavilion were designed by Herschel Elarth.
 The CWA approved the project on February 26, 1934 as CWA Project Number 217.
 The construction project required 52 tons of reinforcing steel, 4,200 bags of Portland cement, and 300 bags of white cement, and it was completed on October 17, 1934.
 Seating was constructed for 5,000 in the natural amphitheater.
 The pavilion was built using $47,436 from Federal Relief funds and $3,800 in materials from the city.
 It was dedicated in the spring of 1935.
 The Monahan Post Band continued to play here until 1948, when they became the Sioux City Municipal Band.
 They continue the summer-time tradition.
 The music pavilion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
Paulus Hook is a community on the Hudson River waterfront in Jersey City, New Jersey, located one mile across the river from Manhattan.
 The name Hook comes from the Dutch word "hoeck" which translates into "point of land."
 This "point of land" has been described as an elevated area, the location of which is today bounded by Montgomery, Hudson, Dudley and Van Vorst Streets.
 The neighborhood's main street is the north- and south-running Washington Street.
 The waterfront of Paulus Hook is along the basin of the Morris Canal in a park with a segment of Liberty State Park.
 The Hudson-Bergen Light Rail has a Paulus Hook stop at Essex Street and the Liberty Water Taxi at Warren Street.
 The introduction of the light rail and development of office buildings on the Hudson Waterfront have brought more businesses to Morris Street including a number of restaurants with outdoor seating and small neighborhood shops.
