In zoology, a tentacle is a flexible, mobile, elongated organ present in some species of animals, most of them invertebrates.
 In animal anatomy, tentacles usually occur in one or more pairs.
 Anatomically, the tentacles of animals work mainly like muscular hydrostats. Most forms of tentacles are used for grasping and feeding.
 Many are sensory organs, variously receptive to touch, vision, or to the smell or taste of particular foods or threats.
 Examples of such tentacles are the "eye stalks" of various kinds of snails.
 Some kinds of tentacles have both sensory and manipulatory functions.
Progression of Animals (or "On the Gait of Animals"; Greek: Περὶ πορείας ζῴων ; Latin: "De incessu animalium" ) is one of Aristotle's major texts on biology.
 It gives details of gait and movement in various kinds of animals.
Prosthetic Neuronal Memory Silicon Chip is a device that imitates the brain's process of creating long-term memories.
 This device was designed by Theodore Berger, a Biomedical Engineer and Neurologist at University of Southern California.
 Berger started to work on this chip in the early 1990s.
 He and his colleagues have been able to implant electrodes into rats and monkeys that restore their memories after previously being impaired.
 While researchers are well into developing an actual memory prosthesis in animals, they still need to show that their chips can form long-term memories in many different behavioral situations.
 Berger hopes to eventually use these chips as electronic implants for humans whose brains that suffer from diseases such as Alzheimer's that disrupt neuronal networks.
Piranha: Wolf In The Water is a 1999 educational film.
 It was shown both in IMAX3D and normal versions.
 It covers different kinds of piranhas and tries to uncover the mystery behind those animals, which are often described in an overly sensationalist way.
 This movie is part of the Killer Instincts series, a movie series covering different kinds of predators.
On the Soul (Greek Περὶ Ψυχῆς , "Peri Psuchēs"; Latin "De Anima") is a major treatise written by Aristotle c.350 B.C..
 Although its topic is the soul, it is not about spirituality but rather a work in what "might best be described as biology" .
 His discussion centres on the kinds of souls possessed by different kinds of living things, distinguished by their different operations.
 Thus plants have the capacity for nourishment and reproduction, the minimum that must be possessed by any kind of living organism.
 Lower animals have, in addition, the powers of sense-perception and self-motion (action) Humans have all these as well as intellect.
The Berger Blanc Suisse (English: White Swiss Shepherd , German: "Weisser Schweizer Schäferhund" , Italian: "Pastore Svizzero Bianco" ) is a breed of dog from Switzerland.
 It is of the same origins as the White Shepherd and the German Shepherd Dog, and has been recognized as a separate breed by the FCI.
Collins recounted his early life in a 1997 interview: He was born to Luvadelle Bernice Collins of Crooksville, Ohio (homemaker), and a podiatrist, Joseph T. Collins (Cleveland College of Podiatry).
 He had two brothers, Jerry (US Navy) and Jeffery who were three and 16 years younger than him, respectively.
 He and his brother were excluded from Boy Scouts for being "too rowdy".
 (Despite this, in his adult life he was a supporter of the Scouts and served on the Friends of Hidden Valley Girl Scout Board of Directors in Lawrence).
 He caught his first snake, a queen snake, in a tin can around the age of 10-13.
 He had an avid interest in animals and collected so many animals, which he and his brothers housed in their backyard, that the City of Cincinnati shut them down for operating a zoo without a license.
 "You could get anything you wanted in those days," said Collins in regard to kinds of animals.
 At the time he had saved up $40 to buy an African Lion (price = $50).
Jurassic Park Builder is an Apple and later Android and Facebook application produced by Ludia in 2012.
 It is a construction and management simulation game in which the player builds a theme park featuring extinct animals.
 Three kinds of parks can be made: "Jurassic Park", located on Isla Nublar, featuring dinosaurs and other Mesozoic animals; "Aquatic Park", located on a seabed featuring extinct aquatic animals; and "Glacier Park", located in Patagonia, featuring extinct animals from the Cenozoic era along with some Mesozoic crocodilians.
 The game is similar to "" and "".
Ticks of domestic animals directly cause poor health and loss of production to their hosts by many parasitic mechanisms.
 Ticks also transmit numerous kinds of viruses, bacteria, and protozoa between domestic animals.
 These microbes cause diseases which can be severely debilitating or fatal to domestic animals, and may also affect humans.
 Ticks are especially important to domestic animals in tropical and subtropical countries, where the warm climate enables many species of ticks to flourish.
 Also, the large populations of wild animals in warm countries provide a reservoir of ticks and infective microbes that spread to domestic animals.
 Farmers of livestock animals use many methods to control ticks, and related treatments are used to reduce infestation of companion animals.
 Veterinarians and animal health agencies work at private, national, and international scales to reduce the harm caused by ticks and their associated diseases.
Shopnopuri artificial amusement park is an artificial sport for tourist situated in Dinajpur district of Rangpur division in Bangladesh.
 There are Rides, Zoo, Rest house, Garden, Lakes, Fish World, ‘Rongdhonu’ Art Gallery, ‘Moha Maya Indrojal’ and central Picnic center and countless shopping area.
 One can find, Fish World with artificial fishes and various wet animals.
 Small Rides for activities.
 Animal Kingdom, for artificial statue of some animals like Amy, Flamingo, Dinosaur, Pegasus and many other animals.
 ‘Rongdhonu’ Art Gallery, for many different types of sculptures and paintings.
 At ‘Moha Maya Indrojal’, can enjoy magic.
 At Zoo, full of several kinds of animals.
 Anyone can enjoy his full day with family watching this artificial and natural beauties and activities.
 It is also an idle Picnic spot where lots of picnic parties come every year.
