Otto Everett Graham Jr. (December 6, 1921 – December 17, 2003) was an American football quarterback who played for the Cleveland Browns in the All-America Football Conference (AAFC) and National Football League (NFL).
 Graham is regarded by critics as one of the most dominant players of his era, having taken the Browns to league championship games every year between 1946 and 1955, winning seven of them.
 With Graham at quarterback, the Browns posted a record of 114 wins, 20 losses, and four ties, including a 9–3 win–loss record in the playoffs.
 While most of Graham's statistical records have been surpassed in the modern era, he still holds the NFL record for career average yards gained per pass attempt, with 8.98.
 He also holds the record for the highest career winning percentage for an NFL starting quarterback, at 0.814.
 Long-time New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner, a friend of Graham's, once called him "as great of a quarterback as there ever was."
 He is also known for being one of only two people (the other being Gene Conley) to win championships in two of the four major North American sports—1946 NBL (became NBA) and AAFC championship, plus three more AAFC and three NFL championships.
The U.S. television broadcast of the Super Bowl – the championship game of the National Football League (NFL) – features many high-profile television commercials, colloquially known as Super Bowl ads.
 The phenomenon is a result of the game's extremely high viewership and wide demographics: Super Bowl games have frequently been among the United States' most watched television broadcasts, with Nielsen having estimated that Super Bowl XLIX in 2015 was seen by at least 114.4 million viewers in the United States, surpassing the previous year's Super Bowl as the highest-rated television broadcast in U.S. history.
 As such, advertisers have typically used commercials during the Super Bowl as a means of building awareness for their products and services among this wide audience, while also trying to generate buzz around the ads themselves so they may receive additional exposure, such as becoming a viral video.
Todd Kinchen (born January 7, 1969) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for seven seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Los Angeles Rams, the Denver Broncos, and the Atlanta Falcons.
 He currently holds an NFL record with two punt return touchdowns in a single game, which he shares with 13 other players.
 His father is Gaynell "Gus" Kinchen, a member of the 1958 LSU Tigers football team and one of the famed Chinese Bandits.
 His brother Brian also played in the NFL.
National Football League Players Incorporated (or NFL Players Inc.) is the licensing and marketing subsidiary of the National Football League Players Association.
 Formed in 2015, NFL Players Inc. facilitates the marketing of players as personalities as well as professional dancers.
 Notable partners include EA, Nike, and Pepsi.
The 2007 Dallas Cowboys season was the 48th season for the team in the National Football League.
 This marked the first season for Wade Phillips as head coach.
 Jason Garrett also joined the team this season as offensive coordinator.
 The Cowboys finished the regular season tied for the best record in the NFC (13–3), and earned a first round bye and home field advantage throughout the playoffs.
 However, they lost their first playoff game to the eventual Super Bowl champion New York Giants, a team that they had defeated in their two regular-season matchups.
 With the loss, it extended the Cowboys drought of playoff wins to eleven years and tied the NFL record of 6 straight playoff games lost.
 13 players were named to the Pro Bowl, an NFL record.
Travelle Ernest Gaines (born 9 March 1981 in Arabi, Louisiana) currently now runs his own performance facility, Athletic Gaines, after several years at Athletes’ Performance, an athletic training company based in Phoenix, Arizona.
 Since starting Performance Gaines in 2007, Travelle has worked with over 200 professional athletes, including both professional football and basketball players.
 His work has been featured on ESPN, NFL Network, and Fox Sports.
 High-profile professional players include National Football League players Reggie Bush, Chris Johnson, Jon Beason, and Ryan Mathews, and National Basketball Association player Brandon Roy.
 On July 17, 2013 Travelle launched Athletic Gaines Nutrition, the highly anticipated sports nutritional line branded as AGN.
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.
 The Cowboys compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) East division.
 The team is headquartered in Frisco, Texas, and plays its home games at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, which opened for the 2009 season.
 The stadium took its current name prior to the 2013 season.
 The Cowboys joined the NFL as an expansion team in .
 The team's national following might best be represented by its NFL record of consecutive sell-outs.
 The Cowboys' streak of 190 consecutive sold-out regular and post-season games (home and away) began in 2002.
 The franchise has made it to the Super Bowl eight times, tied with the Pittsburgh Steelers, and the Denver Broncos for second most Super Bowl appearances in history, just behind the New England Patriots record nine Super Bowl appearances.
 This has also corresponded to eight NFC championships, most in the NFC.
 The Cowboys have won five of those Super Bowl appearances, tying them with their NFC rivals, the San Francisco 49ers, and the AFC's Patriots; all three are second to Pittsburgh's record six Super Bowl championships.
 The Cowboys are the only NFL team to record 20 straight winning seasons (1966–85), in which they only missed the playoffs twice (1974 and 1984), an NFL record that remains unchallenged.
The NFL Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) is a labor agreement which reflects the results of collective bargaining negotiations between the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA) and National Football League (NFL) team owners.
 The labor agreement classifies distribution of league revenues, sets health and safety standards and establishes benefits, including pensions and medical benefits, for all players in the NFL.
 The first collective bargaining agreement was reached in 1968 after player members of the NFLPA voted to go on strike to increase salaries, pensions and benefits for all players in the league.
 Later negotiations of the collective bargaining agreement called for injury grievances, a guaranteed percentage of revenues for players, an expansion of free agency and other issues impacting the business of the NFL.
 The NFLPA and team owners have negotiated seven different agreements since 1968.
Gregory Walter Olsen (born March 11, 1985) is an American football tight end for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League (NFL).
 He played college football at the University of Miami, and was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft.
 He holds an NFL record as the first tight end in league history to record three consecutive seasons with 1,000 receiving yards.
Robert Lewis "Bob" Pruett (born June 20, 1943) is a former American football player and coach.
 He served as the head football coach Marshall University for nine seasons, from 1996 to 2004.
 During his tenure at Marshall, the Marshall Thundering Herd football team compiled a record of 94–23 (.803 winning percentage), completed two undefeated seasons, won six conference championships, won five of seven bowl games played, and captured the NCAA Division I-AA Football Championship in 1996.
 Pruett has coached many high-profile National Football League players, including Randy Moss, Chad Pennington, and Byron Leftwich.
 In 1999, he was inducted into the Marshall University Athletics Hall of Fame for his collegiate career in football, track and field, and wrestling.
