Carlos López (November 4, 1887 – February 13, 1942), better known as "Chaflán", was a Mexican comedian and film actor of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.
 He should not be mistaken for Carlos López Moctezuma, another Mexican actor.
Jaime Fernández Reyes (December 6, 1937 – April 15, 2005) was a Mexican actor.
 Over his career, he won 3 Silver Ariel awards - the Mexican equivalent of the Oscar - including one for what is arguably his best-known role, playing Friday in Luis Buñuel's "Robinson Crusoe".
 He appeared in over 200 films and served as the General Secretary of the Mexican actors' union for 11 years.
 His older brother was actor/director Emilio Fernández.
José Eleazar Gómez Sanchez (] ; better known as Eleazar Gómez born May 29, 1986 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actor.
 He is noted for his performance in Mexican telenovelas. Gómez is the brother of actress Zoraida Gómez and actor Jairo Gómez.
 He is a member of the Mexican pop band Eme 15.
Daniel Giménez Cacho (born May 15, 1961) is a Spanish-born Mexican actor and Ariel award winner.
 He starred in several Mexican films and television series, such as "Sólo Con Tu Pareja", "Cronos", "Midaq Alley", "Tear This Heart Out", and "Bad Education".
 He is known for having worked with some of the most important Hispanic filmmakers: Guillermo Del Toro, Alfonso Cuarón, Jorge Fons and Pedro Almodóvar.
Olvidarte Jamas ("Always on my Mind") is a 2005 telenovela made by Venevision International in Miami that lasted 118 episodes.
 The telenovela starred Venezuelan-American actress Sonya Smith and Mexican actor Gabriel Porras.
 The telenovela was written by Veronica Suarez and Omaira Rivero.
 It was executively produced by Peter Tinoco and Ana Teresa Arizmendi.
 It aired on Univision in the United States.
 The theme song "Olvidarte Jamas" (I Am Not Going To Forget You) was sung by Mexican singer Pablo Montero.
The breakfast burrito, sometimes referred to as a breakfast wrap, is a variety of American breakfast composed of breakfast items wrapped inside a flour tortilla burrito.
 This style was invented and popularized in several regional American cuisines, most notably New Mexican cuisine, Southwestern cuisine, and Tex-Mex.
 Southwestern breakfast burritos may include scrambled eggs, potatoes, onions, chorizo, or bacon.
Rodrigo de la Rosa is a Mexican actor, best known for a list of telenovas.
 He starred in 3 successful Mexican telenovas, "Daniela 2002", "El Alma Herida 2003", and "La Ley del Silencio 2005", although he has appeared in musicals such as "Man of La Mancha" (1999), "Jesus Christ Superstar" (2000) and "Les Miserables" (2002-2003) playing the role of "Marius".
The Sex Worker Open University (SWOU) was founded in 2009 to provide educational and other resources to sex workers in the United Kingdom.
 It is a sex worker-led organisation.
 Their activities include educational projects, breakfast drop-ins for sex workers, and Glasgow's sex worker support effort Confide.
 In April 2013, SWOU took a lead role in halting the further criminalization of sex work in Scotland by organizing a massive grassroots community response, included street protests, public education, sex worker-only workshops on safety, the law, and fighting stigma, and the presentation to packed audiences of evidence as to the effects of criminalization, from sex workers and academics from around the world.
Mapita Cortés (August 4, 1939 – January 1, 2006 born Maria del Pilar Mercado Cordero in 1939 in San Juan, Puerto Rico – died in Mexico City), was a Puerto Rican actress of telenovelas and the cinema of Mexico.
 She is the mother of Mexican actor Luis Gatica, the wife of Lucho Gatica, the niece of Puerto Rican actress Mapy Cortés, and the niece in law of Mexican actor Fernando Cortés.
 Mapita Cortés is also the cousin of famous Paquito Cordero, two years her junior.
Noé Murayama (July 4, 1930 – August 25, 1997) was a Mexican actor, who starred in numerous Mexican films.
