Kelvin Gastelum (born October 24, 1991) is an American professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
 He was the winner of "The Ultimate Fighter 17".
 Gastelum is currently competing as a middleweight and is ranked #8 in the UFC official middleweight rankings.
Luke Barnatt (born 13 April 1988) is an English mixed martial artist who fought as a Middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 He was a member of FX's , and has also competed for BAMMA and UCMMA in England.
 At 6' 6" Barnatt is one of the tallest fighters currently competing in his weight class.
 Barnatt received his nickname "Bigslow" from brothers John Maguire and Tommy Maguire, for his size and being slow in response to their jokes and insults.
 Barnatt competes in the middleweight division of the Absolute Championship Berkut.
Samuel Alvey (born May 6, 1986) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 A professional MMA competitor since 2008, Alvey has also formerly competed for Bellator, King of the Cage, the MFC, and was a contestant on .
 As of March 2017, Alvey is #14 in the official UFC Middleweight Rankings.
Luke Zachrich (born October 1, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist and former professional boxer who formerly competed in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship A professional mixed martial arts competitor since 2006, Zachrich was a member of Team Forrest on the seventh season of The Ultimate Fighter, and has also fought for King of the Cage, Xtreme Fighting Organization, Bellator, and Ultimate Victory Challenge, the latter of which he was the inaugural Middleweight Champion.
Vitor Vieira Belfort (] ; born April 1, 1977) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 He is the former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion, UFC 12 Heavyweight Tournament Champion, and the Cage Rage World Light Heavyweight Champion.
 As of June 16, 2017, he is the #11 contender in official UFC Middleweight rankings.
Eric Spicely (born September 29, 1986) is an American mixed martial artist and professional wrestler currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 A professional competitor since 2012, he formerly competed for the RFA, CES MMA, and was a Light Heavyweight contestant on .
Rashad Anton Evans (born September 25, 1979) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 A professional competitor since 2003, Evans was the Heavyweight winner of The Ultimate Fighter 2 and is also a former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion.
David Branch (born September 26, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 A professional competitor since 2007, he has also formerly competed for the World Series of Fighting, Bellator, Shark Fights, and Titan FC.
 Branch was the inaugural World Series of Fighting Light Heavyweight and Middleweight Champion.
 He is currently ranked as the #9 Middleweight in the world according to Sherdog.
Paulo Henrique Costa (born April 21, 1991), better known as Paulo Borrachinha, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 In the day August 3 of 2017, Borracinha and the Clube Atlético Mineiro officialized institutional partnership.
 The agreement did not create a bond between the club and the athlete.
 The agreement allows the use of the athletic shield of Atlético in the training uniforms of the fighter, within the possibilities of his contract with the UFC.
Jack "Hammer" Marshman (born December 19, 1989) is a Welsh mixed martial artist.
 He was the Middleweight Cage Warriors Fighting Championship (CWFC) champion and Lonsdale Middleweight Champion.
 He currently competes in Middleweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship(UFC).
