Lewis Lancaster (born 27 October 1932) is Emeritus Professor of the Department of East Asian Languages at the University of California, Berkeley, USA, and has served as President, Adjunct Professor, and Chair of the dissertation committee at University of the West since 1992.
 He graduated from Roanoke College (B.A.) in 1954 and received an Honorary Doctorate of Letters from Roanoke in 2007.
 He is also a 1958 graduate of USC-ST (M.Th.)
 and a 1968 graduate of the University of Wisconsin (Ph.D.).
 He received an Honorary Doctorate of Buddhist Studies from Vietnam Buddhist University in 2011.
William Andrew White II (June 16, 1874 – September 9, 1936) was a Nova Scotian who became the first black officer in the British army.
 He served in World War I as a chaplain, the only black chaplain in the entire British Army during the war.
 He was the father of singer Portia White and politicians Bill White and Jack White.
 In 1936, White was awarded an honorary doctorate from Acadia University, the first Black Canadian to be given an honorary doctorate.
Gene Michael Grossman (born December 11, 1955 in New York) is currently the Jacob Viner Professor of International Economics at Princeton University.
 He received his B.A. in Economics from Yale University in 1976 and his Ph.D. in Economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1980.
 He became assistant professor at Princeton University in 1980 and full professor of economics in 1988.
 His research focuses on international trade, in particular on the relationship between economic growth and trade and the political economy of trade policy.
 He is also known for his work on the Environmental Kuznets Curve.
 He frequently collaborated with Elhanan Helpman.
 He is among the 100 best economists in the world according to IDEAS/RePEc.
 In 2009, Gene Grossman received an honorary doctorate in Economics from the University of St. Gallen.
 Grossman received the 2015 Onassis Prize for International Trade.
 In 2016, Gene Grossman received an honorary doctorate in Economics from the University of Minho.
Ulrike Beisiegel (born 23 December 1952) is a German biochemist and university professor who in 2011 became the first woman to serve as president of the University of Göttingen, founded in 1737.
 Her research on liver fats and disease was honored with the Heinz Maier-Leibnitz Prize, the Rudolf Schönheimer Medal and an honorary doctorate.
 Intent on maintaining high levels of scholarship and diminishing scientific misconduct, she has served on many boards and committees, receiving the Ubbo-Emmius Medal for her commitment to good scientific practice and an honorary doctorate from the University of Edinburgh.
Donald Kuspit (born March 26, 1935) is an American art critic, poet, and Distinguished Professor Emeritus of art history and philosophy at the State University of New York at Stony Brook and former professor of art history at the School of Visual Arts.
 Kuspit is one of America's most distinguished art critics.
 He was formerly the A. D. White Professor-at-Large at Cornell University (1991–1997).
 He received the Frank Jewett Mather Award for Distinction in Art Criticism in 1983 (given by the College Art Association).
 In 1983 he received an honorary doctorate in fine arts from Davidson College, in 1996 from the San Francisco Art Institute, and in 2007 from the New York Academy of Art.
 In 1997 the National Schools of Art and Design presented him with a citation for Distinguished Service to the Visual Arts.
 In 1998 he received an honorary doctorate of humane letters from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
 In 2000 he delivered the Getty Lectures at the University of Southern California.
 In 2005 he was the Robertson Fellow at the University of Glasgow.
 In 2008 he received the Tenth Annual Award for Excellence in the Arts from the Newington-Cropsey Foundation.
 In 2014 he was the first recipient of the Gabarron Foundation Award for Cultural Thought.
 He has received fellowships from the Ford Foundation, Fulbright Commission, National Endowment for the Arts, National Endowment for the Humanities, Guggenheim Foundation, and Asian Cultural Council, among other organizations.
 He has doctorates in philosophy (University of Frankfurt)and art history (University of Michigan), as well as degrees from Columbia University, Yale University, and Pennsylvania State University.
 He has also completed the course of study at the Psychoanalytic Institute of the New York University Medical Center.
Dhruva Natchathiram (English: Pole star ) is an upcoming Tamil-language spy-thriller film starring Vikram, Aishwarya Rajesh and Ritu Varma in lead roles.
 The film is written and directed by Gautham Menon with music composed by Harris Jayaraj and cinematography done by Jomon T. John, Santhana Krishnan Ravichandran and Manoj Paramahamsa.
 The film began production in January 2017 and till date has been shot in seven countries.
Aishwarya Rajesh is an Indian film actress, who has appeared in leading roles primarily in Tamil cinema.
 She started her career as Anchor in a famous comedy show called "Asathapovadhu Yaru" on Sun TV.
 After winning the reality show "Maanada Mayilada", she made her debut in "Avargalum Ivargalum" (2011) and became known after starring in "Attakathi" (2012) portraying the role of Amudha.
 Her first Malayalam film Jomonte Suvisheshangal and she also acted with Nivin Pauly her second Malayalam film Sakhavu (2017 film).
 She is debuting in hindi, in the movie Daddy opposite to Arjun Rampal and also acting in two big movies Vada chennai and "Dhruva Natchathiram" opposite Dhanush and Vikram.
She received Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress for 2014 Movie Kaaka Muttai at Tamil Nadu State Film Awards
Louise Jones Gopher is the second Seminole (after Billy Cypress) and first woman from the Seminole tribe of Florida to earn a bachelor's degree.
 Gopher, a former director of education for the Seminole Tribe of Florida of Florida, was the first female Seminole to earn a bachelor's degree when she graduated from Florida Atlantic University in 1970.
 Born May 25, 1945 in a chickee at a tribal camp in Fort Pierce, Jones spoke no English when she entered school at age 6.
 Because they were considered neither black nor white, none of the segregated schools of the day would willingly take her as a student, but at the pleading of her father (who spoke, read, nor wrote any English), Lucie County Schools Superintendent Ben L. Bryan chose to allow her to enroll in the Fairlawn School.
 In 2014, she was granted an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Florida State University.
 She is the third Seminole to receive an honorary degree from FSU, after Betty Mae Tiger Jumper (Doctorate of Humane Letters) and Jim Shore (Doctor of Laws).
 The "Palm Beach Post" named her one of the most 100 influential people in Florida in the 20th century.
Terry Kelly, CM (born in St. John's, Newfoundland) is a Canadian country/folk music artist, athlete and professional speaker.
 Kelly has released six studio albums and charted eleven singles on the "RPM" Canadian country singles chart.
 In addition to award nominations from the Juno Awards and the Canadian Country Music Association, Kelly has also won seven East Coast Music Awards. Kelly received the King Clancy Award in 2000, an Honorary Doctorate in Civil Laws from the University of Kings College in 2001, an Honorary Doctorate in Fine Arts from Saint Mary’s University in 2002 and was inducted into the Order of Canada in 2003, the highest civilian honour within the Canadian system of honours.
 He sang the Canadian National Anthem at the Opening Ceremonies for the 2010 Vancouver Paralympic Winter Games and also sang at the official installation ceremony of the 28th Governor General of Canada (David Lloyd Johnston) in 2010.
Kennedy John Victor, known professionally as Vikram or Chiyaan Vikram, is an Indian film actor who predominantly appears in Tamil language films and has won seven Filmfare Awards as well as one National Film Award and Tamil Nadu State Film Award amongst other recognitions and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate by the People's University of Milan in May 2011.
