The Toledo Jazz Orchestra is a musical ensemble based in Toledo, Ohio.
 The ensemble is a traditional big band, generally featuring between ten and twenty performers, depending on the instrumentation called for in a given piece or seasonal roster.
The Cultivation of Wastelands Ordinance, also known as a Wastelands Ordinance, is an ordinance that presumes that, in a given area, there exists the problem referred to as a tragedy of the commons.
 This phrase has been most frequently used by nobles hoping to be able to convince the population that it would be better for a local economy if they were allowed to lay claim to a given piece of land (for private use), thereby implying that this would "correct" the situation, making the land thus claimed yield more produce.
 From roughly 1982 onward, however, a body of research has been emerging that suggests that the claimed productivity gains were mostly imaginary, and the only effect it had was that it enriched the new land-owners.
 This was argued to apply even more to lands under cultivation by so-called 'native populations', and as such this ordinance was invented to allow the colonial power to 'legally' annex the land.
Logical depth is a measure of complexity devised by Charles H. Bennett based on the computational complexity of an algorithm that can recreate a given piece of information.
 It differs from Kolmogorov complexity in that it considers the computation time of the algorithm with the shortest length, rather than its length.
The Palestinian terminology guide is the book Terminology in Media, Culture and Politics, an instructional book released by the Palestinian Authority Ministry of Information advising terminology to be used when describing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
 The guide aims to replace "the Israeli and American dissemination of poisoned terms" with new phrases and euphemisms.
A geological survey is the systematic investigation of the geology beneath a given piece of ground for the purpose of creating a geological map or model.
 Geological surveying employs techniques from the traditional walk-over survey, studying outcrops and landforms, to intrusive methods, such as hand augering and machine-driven boreholes, to the use of geophysical techniques and remote sensing methods, such as aerial photography and satellite imagery.
 Such surveys may be undertaken by state, province, or national geological survey organizations to maintain the geological inventory and advance the knowledge of geosciences for the benefit of the nation.
SPDX (Software Package Data Exchange) is a file format used to document information on the software licenses under which a given piece of computer software is distributed.
 SPDX is authored by the SPDX Working Group, which represents more than twenty different organizations, under the auspices of the Linux Foundation.
Random Man Not Excluded (RMNE) is a type of measure in population genetics to estimate the probability that an individual randomly picked out of the general population would not be excluded from matching a given piece of genetic data.
In musical terminology, tempo ] ("time" in Italian; plural: "tempi" ] ) is the speed or pace of a given piece.
Canine terminology in this article refers only to "dog terminology", specialized terms describing the characteristics of various external parts of the domestic dog, as well as terms for structure, movement, and temperament.
 This terminology is not typically used for any of the wild species or subspecies of wild wolves, foxes, coyotes, dholes, jackals or the basal caninae.
 Dog terminology is often specific to each breed or type of dog.
 Breed standards use this terminology in the description of the ideal external appearance of each breed, although similar characteristics may be described with different terms in different breeds.
Ineffability is concerned with ideas that cannot or should not be expressed in spoken words (or language in general), often being in the form of a taboo or incomprehensible term.
 This property is commonly associated with philosophy, aspects of existence, and similar concepts that are inherently "too great", complex, or abstract to be adequately communicated.
 In addition, illogical statements, principles, reasons, and arguments may be considered intrinsically ineffable along with impossibilities, contradictions, and paradoxes.
 Terminology describing the nature of experience cannot be properly conveyed in dualistic symbolic language; it is believed that this knowledge is only held by the individual from which it originates.
 Profanity and vulgarisms can easily and clearly be stated, but by those who believe they should not be said, they are considered ineffable.
 Thus, one method of describing something that is ineffable is by using apophasis, i.e. describing what it is "not", rather than what it "is".
 The architect Le Corbusier described his design for the interior of the Chapel of Notre Dame du Haut at Ronchamp as "l'espace indicible" translated to mean 'ineffable space', a spiritual experience which was difficult to describe.
