Yinxiang Motorcycle (), founded in 1997, is an industrial company based in Chongqing, China, specializing in real estate and research, development, manufacturing and sales of motorcycles, gasoline engines and general-purpose engines and equipment.
Strømmens Værksted A/S was an industrial company based in Skedsmo, Norway, specializing in the production of rolling stock.
 Founded in 1873, it remains as a part of Bombardier Transportation.
 The plant is located just off Hovedbanen west of Strømmen Station.
TAKRAF is a global German industrial company based in Leipzig.
 TAKRAF is short for "Tagebergbau-Ausrüstungen, Krane und Förderanlagen" (surface mining equipment, cranes and conveying equipment).
 It is one of the world's leading manufacturers and suppliers of equipment and systems for open pit mining, bulk material handling, minerals processing and a wide range of services & components.
 The company is especially well known for its huge bucket-wheel excavators, semi-mobile crushing plants, innovative conveying solutions and heap leach systems.
Harsco Corporation is a diversified, worldwide industrial company based in the United States.
 Harsco operates in 35 countries and employs approximately 12,300 people worldwide.
 The company provides industrial services and engineered products that serve large industries, including steel, railways, and energy.
 The 2013 revenues totaled $2.8 billion, 60% of which were generated internationally.
 Harsco is headquartered in Camp Hill, a suburb of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
Fortive is an industrial company based in North America located in Everett, Washington, United States located near Boeing's Paine Field.
 Fortive focuses on professional instrumentation and industrial technologies.
SS Ionic was a steam-powered ocean liner built in 1902 by Harland and Wolff in Belfast for the White Star Line.
 She was the second White Star Liner to be named "Ionic" and served on the United Kingdom – New Zealand route.
 Her sister ships were  and SS "Corinthic" .
CGV – Compagnie Generale de Videotechnique is a French industrial company making video appliances which was founded in 1978 in Strasbourg, Alsace, France.
 Ownership passed to the Alsatian industrial group "Info Reality" for 3 years from 1998, before the present CEO Tony Fasciglione bought up the company with the help of several banks.
 In 2005 smaller new premises were built several miles south of Strasbourg in Ostwald to better suit its needs, as production had been transferred to the Far East several years before.
 A new complementary section of consultants specialised in professional Video surveillance (CCTV) and Public address systems (CGV Systeme) joined the company in 2002.
 At present the development of new products is a joint venture with various small firms in the Far East.
Noweco or Norwegian Welding Control AS is an industrial company based in Harstad and Hammerfest, Norway.
 It provides services related to the onshore and offshore industries.
 The company is owned by Norwegian Welding Company and its employees.
The Staveley Coal and Iron Company Limited was an industrial company based in Staveley, near Chesterfield, North Derbyshire.
 The company was registered in 1863, appearing in provincial stock exchange reports from 1864.
 It exploited local ironstone quarried from land owned by the Duke of Devonshire on the outskirts of the village.
 It developed into coal mining, owning several collieries and also into chemical production, first from those available from coal tar distillation, later to cover a wide and diverse range.
 Part of the plant at Staveley was a sulphuric acid manufacturing unit making use of the Contact Process.
SS "Rebecca Lukens" (MC contract 1551) was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
 She was the country's first Liberty ship named after a woman industrialist.
 Dubbed "America's first female CEO of an industrial company" by Fortune Magazine, Rebecca Webb Pennock Lukens owned and managed the iron works which became Lukens Steel Company.
