Geert Bekaert (1928–2016) was a Belgian architectural critic and writer on art and design.
 He was one of the most prolific non-fiction writers in the Dutch language of the late 20th-century.
 As a young man he was for some years a member of the Society of Jesus.
Western Writers of America, founded 1953, promotes literature, both fiction and non-fiction, pertaining to the American West.
 Although its founders wrote traditional western fiction, the more than six hundred current members also include historians and other non-fiction writers as well as authors from other genres.
Anne Lamott (born April 10, 1954) is an American novelist and non-fiction writer.
Jack Shoemaker (born 1946) is an American editor and publisher, and current editorial director and vice-president at Counterpoint Press in Berkeley, California.
 Shoemaker has edited and published books under several imprints, including North Point, Pantheon Books, Shoemaker & Hoard, and Counterpoint.
 Shoemaker has published books by Guy Davenport, Romulus Linney, Gary Snyder, Wendell Berry, Evan S. Connell, MFK Fisher, James Salter, Gina Berriault, Reynolds Price, W.S. Merwin, Michael Palmer, Donald Hall, Anne Lamott, Kay Boyle, Gary Nabhan, Jane Vandenburgh, Carole Maso, and Robert Aitken.
 Shoemaker supports author-driven literary publishing ventures and mindfulness and political awareness in publishing.
 Shoemaker was one of the first American publisher of Thich Nhat Hanh, and a major publisher of Wendell Berry.
George Mills is a 1982 novel by American author Stanley Elkin, published by E. P. Dutton.
 The novel, set in five parts, tells the family history of succeeding generations of characters named George Mills.
 The story covers more than 1,000 years from the First Crusade in Europe to the Ottoman Empire to present-day America.
 Elkin won the 1992 National Book Critics Circle Award in the fiction category for the novel.
 Elkin mentioned "George Mills" as one of his favorite novels.
 The novel is considered Elkin's "longest and most complexly organized work".
Mrs. Ted Bliss is a 1995 novel by American author Stanley Elkin, published by Hyperion Books.
 It concerns the last eventful years in the life of an old widow.
 Elkin won the 1995 National Book Critics Circle Award in the fiction category for this work.
A literary agent (sometimes "publishing agent", or "writer's representative") is an agent who represents writers and their written works to publishers, theatrical producers, film producers and film studios, and assists in the sale and deal negotiation of the same.
 Literary agents most often represent novelists, screenwriters and non-fiction writers.
 They are paid a fixed percentage (usually twenty percent on foreign sales and ten to fifteen percent for domestic sales) of the proceeds of sales they negotiate on behalf of their clients.
Steven Nathan Zwicker (born June 4, 1943) is an American literary scholar and the Stanley Elkin Professor in the Humanities in Arts and Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis.
Gwyn Avenue–Bridge Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Elkin, Surry County, North Carolina.
 The district encompasses 124 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in a predominantly residential section of Elkin.
 They were primarily built between about 1891 and 1955 and include notable examples of Queen Anne, Colonial Revival, and Bungalow / American Craftsman architecture.
 Notable buildings include the Elkin Presbyterian Church (1937, 1944, 1950, 1955, 1961), First Baptist Church (1955, 1968), Alexander Martin Smith House (1893–1897) designed by George Franklin Barber, the Gwyn-Chatham-Gwyn House (c. 1872, 1911, 1936), Richard Gwyn Smith House (c. 1918), and Mason Lillard House (c. 1910).
Norwegian Non-Fiction Writers and Translators Association
