The Izhora Plateau (Russian: Ижорская возвышенность ) is an elevated landform on Ordovician limestone bedrock in the southwestern part of Leningrad Oblast, between the Gulf of Finland in the north and the Luga River in the south.
 Its northern edge is formed by the erosional cliff known as the Baltic-Ladoga Klint.
 The highest part of the plateau is the Orekhovaya hill of Duderhof Heights at 176 m, situated in its extreme northeastern part.
 The plateau is mostly covered by agricultural lands.
 It used to be the heartland of the historical region known as Ingria.
Attica (Greek: Αττική , "Attikḗ" or "Attikī́" ; ] or ] ) is a historical region that encompasses the city of Athens, the capital of present-day Greece.
 The historical region is centered on the Attic peninsula, which projects into the Aegean Sea.
 The modern administrative region of Attica is more extensive than the historical region and includes the Saronic Islands, Cythera, and the municipality of Troizinia on the Peloponnesian mainland.
 The history of Attica is tightly linked with that of Athens, which, from the classical period, was one of the most important cities in the ancient world.
Lebus (Polish: "Lubusz" ) is a historic town in the Märkisch-Oderland District of Brandenburg, Germany.
 It is the administrative seat of "Amt" ("municipal federation") Lebus.
 The town, located on the west bank of the Oder river at the border with Poland, was the centre of the historical region known as Lubusz Land, which provides the name for the present-day Polish Lubusz Voivodeship.
Wau State was one of the 28 states of South Sudan.
 It had an area of 93900 km2 and was the least populous state in South Sudan, according to the controversial Sudanese census conducted in 2008.
 It was part of the Bahr el Ghazal region.
 Its capital was Wau.
 The state shared international borders with Sudan to the north and the Central African Republic to the west.
 The portion now occupied by Raga County (pronounced 'Raja') is the southern part of the historical region known as "Dar Fertit".
Margiana (Greek: "Margianḗ", Old Persian: "Marguš", Middle Persian: "Marv") is a historical region centred on the oasis of Merv and was a minor satrapy within the Achaemenid satrapy of Bactria, and a province within its successors, the Seleucid, Parthian and Sasanian empires.
Tell Zeidan is an archaeological site of the Ubaid culture in northern Syria, from about 5500 to 4000 BC.
 The dig consists of three large mounds on the east bank of the Balikh River, slightly north of its confluence with the Euphrates River, and is located about 5 km east of the modern Syrian city of Raqqa (or Raqqa).
 This site is included within the historical region known as Mesopotamia and the Tigris-Euphrates river system, often called the Cradle of Civilization.
Arismendi is a Basque surname.
 The Basque people are indigenous to the area of northeast Spain and southwest France, a historical region known as the Basque Country.
 Arismendi means "mountain of oaks"; "aris" meaning "oak" and "mendi" meaning "mountain."
Zavaleta (or Zabaleta) is a surname of Basque origin.
 The Basque are a people indigenous to areas of northern Spain and southern France, an historical region known as Basque Country.
The Torre Valley dialect or Ter Valley dialect ("tersko narečje", "terščina") is the westernmost and the most Romanized Slovene dialect and one of its most archaic and typologically interesting dialects.
 It is spoken mostly in the Torre Valley in the Province of Udine in Italy, in the northern part of the historical region known as Venetian Slovenia, and in some villages in western Slovenia.
 It belongs to the Littoral dialect group.
 Historically, it included the village of Pers (Slovene: "Breg" or "Brieh"), the westernmost ethnically Slovene village.
Al Ahsa (Arabic: الأحساء‎ ‎ " al-Aḥsāʾ", locally pronounced "al-Ḥasāʾ") is the largest governorate in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province, named after the Al-Ahsa oasis.
 The name Al-Ahsa is also given to the biggest city in the governorate, Hofuf.
 In Classical Arabic, Ahsa means the sound of water underground.
 It has one of the largest oases in the world with Date Palms known to be the best in the world, the oasis is located about 60 km inland from the Persian Gulf.
 All urban areas are located in the traditional oasis of Al-Hasa.
 In addition to the oasis, the county also includes the giant Empty Quarter desert, making it the largest governorate in Saudi Arabia in terms of area.
 The Empty Quarter has the world's largest oil fields and connects Saudi Arabia to Qatar, the UAE, and Oman.
 The Governorate's population is over 908,366 (2005 estimate ).
In the past, Al-Ahsa belonged to the historical region known as Bahrain, along with Qatif and the present-day Bahrain islands.
