Orient Avia (Russian: Ориент Авиа ) was an airline based in Moscow, Russia.
 It operated domestic scheduled passenger services and international charters from its base, Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow.
 Its name came from the Russian Far East, where most of its scheduled destinations were.
Japan Airlines Flight 446 was a Japan Airlines flight from Sheremetyevo International Airport of Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union to Tokyo International Airport (Haneda Airport) in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan.
Avianova, LLC (Russian: ООО «Авианова» ) was a low cost airline based in Moscow, Russia.
 From its hub at Sheremetyevo International Airport, the carrier served a number of destinations within Russia, as well as an international destination within Ukraine.
JSC Aviaenergo (Russian: ОАО «Авиакомпания «Авиаэнерго» ) was a charter airline with headquarters in Moscow, Russia.
 It was established on 31 December 1992 and operated charter flights within Europe, the CIS and other countries from its main base at Moscow Vnukovo Airport, as well as from Sheremetyevo International Airport.
 It was wholly owned by RAO UES, although UES, as part of its restructuring, had placed Avianergo on the market.
 Operations were suspended in 2011 due to poor financial performance (having approached bankruptcy in 2011)
Nordwind Airlines, LLC (Russian: ООО «Северный ветер», "Severný veter" ) is a Russian scheduled and charter airline.
 The company is headquartered in Moscow, with its main hub at Sheremetyevo International Airport.
 Nordwind Airlines primarily operates service between airports in Russia and holiday destinations around the Mediterranean Sea and the Indian Ocean.
PJSC AeroflotRussian Airlines (Russian: ПАО "Аэрофло́т-Росси́йские авиали́нии" , "ПAO Aeroflot-Rossiyskiye avialinii" ) (), commonly known as Aeroflot ( or ) (Russian: Аэрофлот , English translation: "air fleet", ] ), is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Russian Federation.
 The carrier is an open joint stock company that operates domestic and international passenger and services, mainly from its hub at Sheremetyevo International Airport.
Aeroflot Flight 217 was a non-scheduled international passenger flight from Orly Airport in Paris to Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow, with a stopover at Shosseynaya Airport (now Pulkovo Airport) in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg).
 On 13 October 1972, the Ilyushin Il-62 airliner operating the flight crashed on approach to Sheremetyevo, with the loss of all 164 passengers and crew of 10.
 At the time, it was the world's worst aviation disaster.
 As of 2016, the accident remains the second-deadliest one involving an Il-62, after LOT Flight 5055, and the second-deadliest on Russian soil, after Aeroflot Flight 3352.
Sheremetyevo International Airport (Russian: Международный Аэропорт Шеремéтьево ; ] ) (IATA: SVO, ICAO: UUEE) is an international airport located in Molzhaninovsky District, Northern Administrative Okrug, Moscow, Russia, 29 km northwest of central Moscow.
 It is a hub for passenger operations of the Russian international airline Aeroflot, and is one of the three major airports that serve Moscow, along with Domodedovo International Airport and Vnukovo International Airport (the IATA city code for Sheremetyevo, Domodedovo, and Vnukovo is MOW).
 In 2015, the airport handled 31,612,402 passengers and 256,104 aircraft movements, making the airport the busiest in the Russian Federation and former USSR.
Vnukovo International Airport (Russian: Международный аэропорт Внуково ; ] ) (IATA: VKO, ICAO: UUWW) , is a dual-runway international airport located 28 km southwest of the centre of Moscow, Russia.
 It is one of the four major airports that serve Moscow, along with Domodedovo International Airport, Sheremetyevo International Airport, and Zhukovsky International Airport.
 In 2015, the airport handled 15.82 million passengers, representing an increase of 24% compared to the previous year.
 It is the third-busiest airport in Russia.
AirBridgeCargo Airlines, LLC (Russian: ООО Авиакомпания «ЭйрБриджКарго», "Aviakompanija «EjrBridžKargo»" ) is the largest Russian cargo airline and part of Volga-Dnepr Group.
 It operates scheduled cargo services on routes between Russia, Asia, Europe and North America.
 All of its flights are operated via Moscow hubs in Sheremetyevo International Airport, Domodedovo International Airport, and Vnukovo International Airport.
