Bubblegum, Lemonade and… Something for Mama is the second solo album released by Cass Elliot under the billing "Mama Cass".
 It was recorded in 1969 and arranged and produced by Steve Barri.
 The album was originally released on July 5, 1969, with only 11 tracks.
 It was released again on December 6, 1969, under a new title and with a different album cover as Make Your Own Kind of Music/It’s Getting Better. "
Make Your Own Kind of Music" had just become a hit and was added to the album.
Shelton Jones (born April 4, 1966) is a retired American professional basketball player who played collegiately at St. John's University.
 He was selected by the San Antonio Spurs in the 2nd round (27th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft.
 Shelton played only one year in the NBA during the 1988-89 season, splitting time with the Spurs, Golden State Warriors and mainly, the Philadelphia 76ers, for whom he also appeared in the NBA Slam Dunk Contest, finishing on 4th place after advancing to the semi-finals.
 After the season, he was selected by the Minnesota Timberwolves as the 16th pick in the NBA Expansion Draft.
 After his selection, he said: "I'm a little stunned right now.
 I thought I'd be taken by Orlando because I'd heard some things.
 Things like this happen.
 That's the kind of year I had.
 I'll make the best of the situation.
 I look forward to getting out there and meeting with the coach.
 I don't even know who it is."
.
 As it turned out, the Timberwolves waived him before the season began, and he never played in the NBA again.
"Fire We Make" is a song by American recording artists Alicia Keys featuring Maxwell, taken from Keys' fifth studio album "Girl on Fire" (2012).
 It was written and produced by Keys along with Gary Clark, Jr. and Andrew Wansel and Warren Felder from production duo Pop & Oak.
 "Fire We Make" is a downbeat neo soul ballad with adult contemporary R&B influences, in which Keys and Maxwell adopt sensual falsetto vocals.
 The instrumental elements used on it include echoing electric guitar riffs and clapping synthesizers.
 In "Fire We Make", Keys and Maxwell, as the protagonists, confess their love and speak of the chemistry they have with each other which they compare to fire that is "getting hotter and hotter."
Lemurian is the second full-length album by Nottingham based artist Lone, released on August 4, 2008.
 The album has been described as "shimmering, sun-drenched, and hazy" by a reviewer.
 When asked about the album's "summery" feel, Lone said ""I knew I wanted to make music that sounded kind of warped, but it wasn't until I'd made loads of tracks that it started taking shape, and getting this summery feel.
 I didn't really set out for it to be a summery sounding record.""
 Lone has been quoted as saying that one of the hardest things about making the album, for him, was choosing the track listing.
Jonny Blu is a singer/songwriter who was born and raised in Los Angeles, but made his professional debut into the music world in China.
 Jonny successfully entered the music scene in Hong Kong and became the first ever (Caucasian) non-Chinese pop star in the Chinese music world.
 From his first Mandarin Chinese Pop album "Jonny Blu-On The Edge|藍強-刀鋒", Jonny's self-penned songs "On The Edge|刀鋒", "Crossroads|十子路口" and "The Apology|對不起妳" were Top Ten hits in the Chinese Music and Music Video charts.
 He is now in the United States making waves in the Swing Pop world.
 With a style similar to that of Michael Bublé, Harry Connick Jr. and Jamie Cullum, in December 2006 Jonny released his debut swing/pop album "In Just That Kind of a Mood", featuring mostly original songs written by Jonny.
 In June 2008, Jonny released an EP titled "In A Groove" also featuring new original songs written by Jonny and co-produced with LA based music producer, Myke Aaron.
 On September 8, 2009, Blu released his third studio album (in the U.S.), "Taboo!
" (produced by Peer Music and with arrangements by Bob Malone) and is on tour promoting the album through 2010.
Paris is the debut and only studio album by American media personality, actress and singer Paris Hilton.
 It was released on August 22, 2006 by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 The entire album was posted on AOL Music on August 14, 2006, becoming available for online stream eight days before the scheduled release date.
 After getting signed to the label in 2005, Hilton began working on the album with the producer Rob Cavallo, who was originally set to produce the entire record.
 They recorded the song "Screwed", which was intended to be the lead single.
 However, after meeting with Scott Storch, Hilton decided to change the musical direction of the album and make more hip hop and R&B influenced songs.
 She collaborated with other producers, including Fernando Garibay, J.R. Rotem, Dr. Luke and Greg Wells.
 Musically, "Paris" is a pop and R&B album that is influenced by hip hop.
 It also incorporates elements of other genres, such as reggae, soul and pop rock, in its production.
"Make Your Own Kind of Music" is a pop song written by Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil, first recorded in 1968 by the New York City-based trio the Will-O-Bees (Janet Blossom, Steven Porter, and Robert Merchanthouse), who regularly performed Mann/Weil compositions.
 After Cass Elliot had a hit in the summer of 1969 with Mann/Weil's "It's Getting Better", she recorded "Make Your Own Kind of Music" as the follow-up single, and her album "Bubblegum, Lemonade, and... Something for Mama" was re-released as "Make Your Own Kind Of Music/It's Getting Better," the title cut having been added to the original track listing.
 However, Elliot's "Make Your Own Kind of Music" single only just reached the Top 40 at #36.
 The similar chart impact of the follow-up single, another Mann/Weil composition entitled "New World Coming," which reached #42, signaled Elliot's challenges in maintaining a profile as a current hitmaker, as the 1960s turned into the 1970s.
 The Cass Elliot track is in the key of E major.
"Feuerwerk" (English: "Firework" ) is a song by German recording artist Wincent Weiss.
 It was written by Weiss, Sascha Wernicke, Martin Fliegenschmidt, and David Jürgens for his debut studio album "Irgendwas gegen die Stille" (2017), while production was helmed by the latter.
 The pop song was released as the album's second single on
Getting Somewhere is the fifth studio album by singer/songwriter Allison Moorer.
 The album was produced by Moorer's new husband and fellow singer/songwriter Steve Earle and recorded in Nashville.
 Written on the road while touring with Earle, it saw her embrace a more pop sound and became her first album where the majority of songs were written solely by Moorer.
 She told PopMatters in 2004: "Some of the records I’ve made have had a lot of cooks, for lack of a better word.
 This one basically was just me and Steve, and I had written all the songs while he was around.
 We were on the road together, and so he had a ringside seat for the whole writing of it.
 So when we went in to make the record in December, it was kind of just a given what we were going to do."
"Tonight I'm Getting Over You" is a song by Canadian recording artist Carly Rae Jepsen, taken from her second studio album and debut international release, "Kiss" (2012).
 It was released in the United States as a single on February 19, 2013, as the fourth and final single from the album.
 An official remix featuring rapper Nicki Minaj was released on May 6, 2013.
 The song was written by Jepsen, Lukas Hilbert, Max Martin, Clarence Coffee Jr., Shiloh, and Katerina Loules.
 Thematically, the track centers around a break-up, with lyrics about getting over her ex-boyfriend by dancing with someone new.
 The song has some dubstep aspects.
 "Tonight I'm Getting Over You" received mostly positive reviews from music critics; some deemed it as one of the best tracks on "Kiss", as they did about Carly Rae Jepsen's claim to fame with "Call Me Maybe".
