Cody Morgan Verdecias (born September 4,1988), better known by his stage name Cody B. Ware is an American Rapper, Songwriter and A&R from Queens, New York who works on hip-hop and black metal.
 He is a member of the Queens-Based music collective World's Fair.
 Verdecias is a child of interracial parents and he is of half-Afro-Rican and half-Jewish descent.
 According to Verdecias, Bad Rabbits "blessed" him with the stage name Cody B. Ware after Retired Pro Wrestler Koko B. Ware.
 Verdecias says that growing up, his musical influences in hip-hop were Nas, Andre 3000, Big Pun, Khujo Goodie of Goodie Mob and he was also inspired by rock artists such as Daryl Palumbo of Glassjaw and Jacob Bannon of Converge.
Glassjaw is an American post-hardcore band from Long Island, New York.
 The band is fronted by vocalist Daryl Palumbo and guitarist Justin Beck.
 The band has been influential in the progression of the underground music scene in the eastern United States and United Kingdom and on the post-hardcore genre, and are known for their intense live shows and frequent line-up changes.
Daryl Palumbo (born February 10, 1979) is an American musician, originally from Elmira, New York.
 He is the frontman of the bands Glassjaw, Head Automatica and Color Film.
 As a youth he was a member of the Long Island straight edge band "XbustedX."
 In 1993 he met guitarist Justin Beck, who would become his good friend.
 Together they formed Glassjaw.
Tom Johnston, Thomas Johnston or Tommy Johnston may refer to:
El Mark is a B-side EP recording released by the band Glassjaw in 2005 exclusively on iTunes.
 It consists of two previously released UK B-Sides (from the Cosmopolitan Bloodloss single) and a new previously unreleased track, entitled "Oxycodone".
 The track "The Number No Good Things Come Of" features Daryl Palumbo as the only Glassjaw member, Ross Robinson plays piano and Shannon Larkin is on drums.
 It is also the last Glassjaw release to feature Todd Weinstock.
Head Automatica is an American rock band from Long Island, New York fronted by Daryl Palumbo (also of Glassjaw).
Color Film is a post-punk/new wave band from New York formed in 2012 by Glassjaw/Head Automatica frontman Daryl Palumbo and former Men Women & Children bassist/current Head Automatica multi-instrumentalist Richard Penzone.
The idea of the side project can be traced back to the early 2000s, but it was not until 2008 that United Nations took shape.
 Geoff Rickly has said the band started over tequila with Daryl Palumbo.
 At the start of the band, all members except for Rickly were under contracts with other record labels and were not legally permitted to work in projects released by another, making it difficult for the official lineup of the band to be well known.
 However some members from the band's original line-up have been revealed through interviews and social media posts, such as Daryl Palumbo, Jonah Bayer and Lukas Previn.
 Since Rickly was the only member whose primary band was not under contract, his name is the only one that could legally appear in press materials.
 Press photos of the band released in 2008 depict four people wearing Ronald Reagan masks.
Huddersfield Town's 1964–65 campaign was mainly a season of change for the Terriers, with Roger B. Kaye becoming the new chairman just before the start of the season, followed by the departure of manager Eddie Boot after just 3 games.
 Tom Johnston would then give Town a big boost for the rest of the season.
 A superb second half of the season saw Town only lose 3 league games in 1965, which would eventually lead Town to 8th place in Division 2.
Sons of Abraham were a five piece Jewish Straight edge Metalcore band from Long Island, New York.
 They released one demo, a split EP with Indecision, and CD/LP titled "Termites In His Smile".
 They disbanded in 1998, as guitarists Justin Beck and Todd Weinstock decided to concentrate on their other band, Glassjaw with friend Daryl Palumbo.
