Neo Geo Cup '98: The Road to the Victory is a soccer video game based on the FIFA World Cup 1998, despite being released after the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
 It features 73 teams' countries.
 Each team enters a "Regional Qualifying Round Final" where it plays a team it actually played in the 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification.
 For example: Spain would face Yugoslavia, an opponent it actually faced in its qualifying group.
 Or Italy would face Russia, an opponent Italy faced in the UEFA play-offs.
 If the player beats the opponent, it goes to a group much like the real life World Cup.
 In fact, the team faces opponents that were actually in its group.
 For example: Mexico would face the Netherlands, Belgium and South Korea.
 It is a re-make of "Super Sidekicks 3".
 However, animations and designs were exactly the same.
 The only difference is teams to reflect the World Cup, kits again to reflect the World Cup, and players to resemble squads from the World Cup (teams that did not qualify use line-ups from friendly games and qualifiers).
 Its slogan is "We got the kick".
Identity control theory is a theory in sociology concerned with the development of personal identity.
 Created by Peter Burke, it focuses on the nature of peoples' identities and the relationship between their identities and their behavior within the realm of their social structure.
 The identities of the individual are rooted in their social structure.
 Identity Control Theory was created based on traditional symbolic interaction views where people choose their own behaviors and how their behaviors correspond to the meanings of their identity.
 One of the main aspects ICT deals with is how individuals view their own identities and respond to the reactions to their identities of those around them.
 When an individual is acting according to the identity control theory they reflect on the identity they display and how others approve or disapprove of their identity.
 If the individual does not like the responses of others they will look at how they can change their views of their identity or their identity towards themselves to produce a positive outcome.
 One of the main benefits of this theory is how negative feelings can be prevented by individuals and by those around them.
 The people around someone who is displaying a certain identity have the ability to be more sensitive and prevent negative feelings if they understand identity control theory because they know what will bring out a negative response.
 On the other hand, the individual can prevent negative feelings that coincide with the teachings of identity control theory if they understand these teachings and can apply them to their own lives.
John Bachmann, Sr. (1814–1896) was a Swiss-born lithographer and artist best known for his bird's-eye views, especially of New York City.
 He was a journeyman lithographic artist in Switzerland and Paris until 1847.
 His first known American print (credited to "C Bachmann" as artist and "J Bachmann" as publisher) appeared in 1848, a view from an imagined point above Union Square in New York, looking south toward The Battery.
 In 1849 and 1850, he created and published a series of American views, including views of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, New Orleans and Havana.
 Both directly copied and used as a primary source by other lithographers at home and in Europe, these were the first major bird's eye views (drawn from an imagined perspective), as opposed to panoramic views (views drawn directly from the artists experience) in the United States (smaller views had appeared as early as the 1820s).
Juan Valdez drinks Costa Rican coffee (Spanish: "Juan Valdez bebe café de Costa Rica" ) is a slogan, implying that Juan Valdez, a fictional character created by the Federación Nacional de Cafeteros de Colombia (Fedcafé), drinks coffee from Costa Rica.
 In Costa Rica, the slogan is popular on bumper stickers.
 The slogan prompted a lawsuit for the first time in 2006, when Federación Nacional de Cafeteros de Colombia sued Café Britt following a t-shirt dispute.
WJKD (99.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Jack FM format.
 Licensed to Vero Beach, Florida, USA, the station is currently licensed to Vero Beach Broadcasters, LLC.
 99.7 went on the air on March 27, 1992, as WWDO FM.
 From 1995-2001, the station consisted of a country music format, and branded itself as "Panther Country 99.7," with the call letters, WPAW.
 On March 5, 2001, the station changed to an 1980s hits format.
 It rebranded itself as "99.7 GNX," to reflect the new call letters WGNX, and its slogan ""The music of Generation X"."
 In 2003, WGNX added a few hits from the 1970s and 1990s to its playlist, making it more like a variety station, although its music format continued to be, for the most part, the same.
 In 2004, WGNX tried a daring move by starting up a new radio show that featured alternative rock music on Saturday nights.
 However, the idea did not go over well, and the station cancelled the show.
 In December, 2006, WGNX rebranded itself as "997 Jack FM," and changed its call letters to WJKD.
 Jack FM's playlist features hit music across multiple genres (mostly pop and rock) from the 1960s to present-day.
 Their slogan, "Playing What We Want," promotes Jack FM as having a larger playlist with more variety than most commercial radio stations, thus giving the station a reason not to take requests from its listeners.
Kommos (Greek: Κομμός ) is a Greek prehistoric Bronze Age port and archaeological site in southern Crete.
 It was a busy port with connections to the Near East that continued into historic periods; the rich finds and elaborate buildings reflect the importance of foreign trade for the Cretan economy.
 Its ancient name was probably Amyklaion (Greek: Αμύκλαιον ), which would reflect a link with Amyclae; Robin Lane Fox speculates that it is referred to in Odyssey 3.296: "a small rock holds back the great waves."
 That small rock is likely to have been the natural reef of Papadoplaka and a submerged sandy shore stretching to the coast would have formed a natural harbor.
 This breakwater was partially degraded by aerial bombing during the Second World War as part of a campaign to deny safe harbours for the Nazis' enemies.
 The site first attracted the attention of archaeologists in 1924, when Arthur Evans heard about large storage vessels found there and speculated about the existence of a Bronze Age "customs house"; excavations have been carried on by J.W. and Maria Shaw since 1976.
Peter Kennard (born 17 February 1949) is a London born and based photomontage artist and Senior Research Reader in Photography, Art and the Public Domain at the Royal College of Art.
 Seeking to reflect his involvement in the anti-Vietnam War movement, he turned from painting to photomontage to better address his political views.
 He is best known for the images he created for the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) in the 1970s–80s including a détournement of John Constable's Hay Wain called "Haywain with Cruise Missiles".
The website's slogan says it is "media for the 65.8 million," referring to the number of votes Hillary Clinton won in the 2016 presidential election.
 Daou, an adviser to Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign, and prior chief executive of Shareblue told "Business Insider" that he intended the website to "reflect the worldview" of those who voted for Clinton and described the site as an "online hub for Clinton backers so that they can find easy-to-share facts, stats and other information you can take out to social media when you’re having debates on key issues people are discussing".
 Daou also said the website had no financial ties to Clinton.
Yeh Dil Maange More!
 is an advertising slogan coined for Pepsi at JWT by Anuja Chauhan in 1998.
 It combines Hindustani and English, and literally meaning "This Heart Desires More", which later became a popular slogan.
 The slogan and its derivatives have been used in multiple contexts in India.
 The worldwide Pepsi commercial featuring the song, "Ask for More", written by Janet Jackson was released in November 1998, later released a single in January 1999.
Brazilian integralism (Portuguese: "integralismo" ) was a fascist political movement in Brazil, created in October 1932.
 Founded and led by Plínio Salgado, a literary figure who was somewhat famous for his participation in the 1922 Modern Art Week, the movement had adopted some characteristics of European mass movements of those times, specifically of Italian Fascism, but distancing itself from Nazism because Salgado himself did not support racism.
 Despite the movement's slogan "Union of all races and all peoples", some militants held anti-Semitic and racist views.
 The name of the party created to support the ideology was Brazilian Integralist Action (Portuguese: "Ação Integralista Brasileira" , AIB).
 The reference to Integralism mirrored a traditionalist movement in Portugal, the Lusitan Integralism.
 For its symbol, the AIB used a flag with a white disk on a royal blue background, with an uppercase sigma (Σ) in its center.
