The Colleen Bawn is a silent 1911 American romantic drama film based on the 1860 play of the same name.
 A secret marriage leads to murder.
 It and the play are based on the actual 1819 murder of 15-year-old Ellen Scanlan.
Milan is a 2004 romantic drama film released under Star Cinema, ABS-CBN Film Productions, Inc. in the Philippines.
 It stars Claudine Barretto and Piolo Pascual.
 It is a love story written by Raymond Lee, and under Olivia Lamasan's direction.
 The movie made more than P100 million in the box office.
Mark Anthony "Baz" Luhrmann ( ; born 17 September 1962) is an Australian film director, screenwriter and producer best known for "Red Curtain Trilogy", comprising his romantic comedy film "Strictly Ballroom" (1992), the romantic drama "Romeo + Juliet" (1996), and the pastiche-jukebox musical "Moulin Rouge!
" (2001).
 His 2008 film "Australia" is an epic historical romantic drama film starring Hugh Jackman and Nicole Kidman.
 His 2013 drama "The Great Gatsby", based on F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925 novel of the same name, stars Leonardo DiCaprio (whom he also used in "Romeo + Juliet") and Tobey Maguire.
Howards End is a 1992 British romantic drama film based upon the novel of the same name by E. M. Forster (published in 1910), a story of class relations in turn-of-the-20th-century England.
 The film—produced by Merchant Ivory Productions as their third adaptation of a Forster novel (following "A Room with a View" in 1985 and "Maurice" in 1987)—was the first film to be released by Sony Pictures Classics.
 The screenplay was written by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant.
The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama film based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller.
 It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions, and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Entertainment.
 The film was produced and directed by Clint Eastwood with Kathleen Kennedy as co-producer and the screenplay was adapted by Richard LaGravenese.
 The film is about an Italian war bride, Francesca (Meryl Streep), who lives with her husband and two children on a farm in Iowa.
 In 1965, she meets a "National Geographic" photographer named Robert (Eastwood) and has a four-day extramarital affair with him that changes both their lives forever.
 The film earned $182 million worldwide and was well received by critics.
 Streep received an Academy Award for Best Actress nomination in 1996 for her performance in the film.
Tom Cruise is an American actor and producer who made his film debut with a minor role in the 1981 romantic drama "Endless Love".
 Two years later he made his breakthrough by starring in the romantic comedy "Risky Business" (1983), which garnered Cruise his first nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
 In 1986, Cruise played a fighter pilot in the Tony Scott-directed action drama "Top Gun" (the highest-grossing film that year), and also starred opposite Paul Newman in the Martin Scorsese-directed drama "The Color of Money".
 Two years later he played opposite Dustin Hoffman in the Academy Award for Best Picture-winning drama "Rain Man" (1988), and also appeared in the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture-winning romantic drama "Cocktail" (1988).
 In doing so Cruise became the first and only person as of 2014 to star in a Best Picture Oscar winner and a Worst Picture Razzie winner in the same year.
 His next role was as anti-war activist Ron Kovic in the drama adaptation of Kovic's memoir of the same name, "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989).
 For his performance Cruise received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama and his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
Monsoon is a 2015 Indian Bollywood romantic drama film produced by Mahendra Dhariwal and Jitender Gulati and directed by Suzad Iqbal Khan.
 The film stars Srishti Sharma, Sudhanshu, Shawar Ali, Vijay Singh and Raja Gulati.
 The film was given an A certificate, due to bold scenes.
 It was released on 20 February 2015.
 Although the film emerged as a box office disaster, it did well in the C centres where it was targeted.
 The story of the film is loosely based on an Italian romantic drama film "Malèna".
Ae Fond Kiss… (also known as "Just a Kiss" in some countries) is a 2004 romantic drama film directed by Ken Loach, and starring Atta Yaqub and Eva Birthistle.
 The title is taken from a Scottish song by Robert Burns, the complete line being ""Ae Fond Kiss, and then we sever...""
Bride and Prejudice is a 2004 romantic drama film directed by Gurinder Chadha.
 The screenplay by Chadha and Paul Mayeda Berges is a Bollywood-style adaptation of "Pride and Prejudice" by Jane Austen.
 It was filmed primarily in English, with some Hindi and Punjabi dialogue.
 The film released in the United States on 11 February 2005 and was well received by critics.
The Merchant of Venice is a 2004 romantic drama film based on Shakespeare's play of the same name.
 It is the first full-length sound film in English of Shakespeare's playother versions are videotaped productions which were made for television, including John Sichel's 1973 version and Jack Gold's 1980 BBC production.
