"Let's Get It On" is a song and hit single by soul musician Marvin Gaye, released June 15, 1973, on Motown-subsidiary label Tamla Records.
 The song was recorded on March 22, 1973, at Hitsville West in Los Angeles, California.
 The song features romantic and sexual lyricism and funk instrumentation by The Funk Brothers.
 The title track of Gaye's landmark 1973 album of the same name, it was written by Marvin Gaye and producer Ed Townsend.
 "Let's Get It On" became Gaye's most successful single for Motown and one of his most well-known songs.
 With the help of the song's sexually explicit content, "Let's Get It On" helped give Gaye a reputation as a sex icon during its initial popularity.
"Lucky, Lucky Me" is a song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye and produced by Ivy Jo Hunter.
 Gaye originally recorded the song in 1964, but the song was shelved by Motown staff.
 When Motown's UK department, Tamla-Motown, issued "The Very Best of Marvin Gaye", the label included the song as the final song in the track listing.
 Following, positive buzz from Marvin's fans in England, Tamla-Motown released the song as a single in the UK where it reached number sixty-seven on the UK Singles Chart in 1994 giving Gaye his fourth posthumous hit, a decade after his death.
"Marvin & Chardonnay" is a song by American rapper Big Sean, released as the second single from his debut studio album, "Finally Famous".
 It features American rappers Kanye West and Roscoe Dash.
 The song was written by Sean, West, Dash, and Andrew "Pop" Wansel with production by Wansel.
 It was sent to urban contemporary radio stations on July 12, 2011 and to Rhyhtmic radio on July 26, 2011.
 In the chorus of the song, Roscoe Dash references late American R&B/soul music singer Marvin Gaye and white wine chardonnay.
 The song was originally called "Marvin Gaye & Chardonnay".
Julie Frost is an American songwriter, singer, guitar player and music producer.
 She is also the founder of the non-profit "Songs For Elephants", with the mission to help mobilize the music and entertainment industry in support of the world's elephants.
 She is the second American songwriter to win the Eurovision Song Contest, as co-writer of the song "Satellite", which won the contest for Germany.
 Frost wrote the hook for Black Eyed Peas' multi-platinum single "Just Can't Get Enough", the hook for Pitbull's "Castle Made of Sand", and Flo Rida's "Sweet Spot".
 She also co-wrote Beyoncé's single "Countdown", Ed Sheeran's "Kiss Me", Marina and the Diamonds's "Primadonna", and Madonna's song "Masterpiece", from the soundtrack of her movie "W.E.", and won a Golden Globe award for best original song in a soundtrack.
 Most recently, Frost wrote the end credit song and lead single for the "Endless Love" Soundtrack performed by Tegan and Sara and co-wrote "Lift Me Up" featuring Nico and Vinz and Ladysmith Black Mambazo on Guetta's album "Listen", and co-wrote Charlie Puth's single "Marvin Gaye" with Charlie Puth featuring Meghan Trainor.
"Marvin Gaye" is the debut single recorded, produced, and co-written by American singer Charlie Puth.
 It was released on February 10, 2015 by Atlantic Records as a single from Puth's third EP, "Some Type of Love" as well as the lead single from his debut album, "Nine Track Mind", it features guest vocals by Meghan Trainor.
 Puth co-wrote the song with Julie Frost, Jacob Luttrell and Nick Seeley.
"Anna's Song" is a song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye as part of his 1978 album, "Here, My Dear".
 Recorded during the midst of Marvin and estranged wife Anna going through an acrimonious divorce, the song autobiographically depicted several parts of Marvin and Anna's past including one lyric that hints at his first hit single, "Stubborn Kind of Fellow" where Gaye says ""What's it, husband, makes you so stubborn?""
.
 A memorable part of the song for Marvin's fans includes a verse where Marvin's vocals rise when singing Anna's name.
 Unlike most of the songs on the album with the exception of "Sparrow", this song was recorded in a jazzy atmosphere.
American music artist Marvin Gaye released 25 studio albums, 4 live albums, 1 soundtrack album, 24 compilation albums and 83 singles.
 In 1961 Gaye signed a recording contract with Tamla Records, owned by Motown.
 The first release under the label was "The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye".
 Gaye's first album to chart was a duet album with Mary Wells titled "Together", peaking at number forty-two on the Billboard pop album chart.
 His 1965 album, "Moods of Marvin Gaye", became his first album to reach the top ten of the R&B album charts and spawned four hit singles.
 Gaye recorded more than thirty hit singles for Motown throughout the 1960s, becoming established as "the Prince of Motown".
 Gaye topped the charts in 1968 with his rendition of "I Heard It Through the Grapevine", while his 1969 album, "M.P.G.", became his first number one R&B album.
 Gaye's landmark album, 1971's "What's Going On" became the first album by a solo artist to launch three top ten singles, including the title track.
 His 1973 single, "Let's Get It On", topped the charts while its subsequent album reached number two on the charts becoming his most successful Motown album to date.
 In 1982, after 21 years with Motown, Gaye signed with Columbia Records and issued "Midnight Love", which included his most successful single to date, "Sexual Healing".
 Following his death in 1984, three albums were released posthumously while some of Gaye's landmark works were re-issued.
"Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide" is the debuting single for singer Marvin Gaye, released as Tamla 54041, in May 1961.
 It was also the first release off Gaye's debut album, "The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye", in which most of the material was the singer's failed attempt at making an "adult" record compared to Motown's younger R&B sound.
Marvin Gaye ( ; born Marvin Pentz Gay Jr.; April 2, 1939 – April 1, 1984) was an American singer, songwriter and record producer.
 Gaye helped to shape the sound of Motown in the 1960s, first as an in-house session player and later as a solo artist with a string of hits, including "Ain't That Peculiar", "How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You)" and "I Heard It Through the Grapevine", and duet recordings with Mary Wells, Kim Weston, Diana Ross and Tammi Terrell, later earning the titles "Prince of Motown" and "Prince of Soul".
"Heavy Love Affair" is a funk song recorded by American soul singer Marvin Gaye.
 Released as the second and last single off Gaye's last Motown album, "In Our Lifetime", in 1981, the song was based on Gaye's real-life emotional crisis after being separated from his wife at the time.
 In some parts of the song, Gaye knows that he's a major female attraction but still feels the warmth of his lost love saying "lots of ladies love me/but it's still a lonesome town" bringing that point clearer in the next verse saying "you got me looking for love (again)".
 The song became one of his lowest-charted Billboard hits on the R&B side reaching just #61 there becoming the final release of Gaye's on the Tamla (Motown) label before he left the label for Columbia the next year.
 The musical background of this song originally came from the song, "Life's a Game of Give and Take" from Marvin's aborted 1979 release, "Love Man"
