Fun Pier opened up as the Wildwood Convention Hall Pier in 1924 by being leased out by Holly Beach Realty.
 In 1957 Holly Beach Realty ended there contract with the Wildwood Convention Hall Pier eventually rented the pier to Joe Barnes where he turned it into Fun Pier.
 When Barnes first started to rent the pier he had to destroy the entrance of the Wildwood Convention Hall to accommodate enough room to build some new rides.
 The end of the Wildwood Convention Hall which was an arcade and some shops was converted to a dark ride.
 Eventually by the mid 60's the building was torn down.
 The pier eventually got a Monorail, Ski Ride, Sky Tower and some other kiddie rides.
 In 1973 the Seascape ride way redeveloped into Castle Frankenstein.
 Later in 1975 the Devil's Inn was transformed into Lost World.
 On November 15, 1976 Joe Barnes sold the pier to the Howard's family.
 When he came some renovations came to the pier when he got rid of the classic monorail.
 In the 80's the pier added two water slides which would last until the final years of the pier.
 In 1984 there was a fire in the back of the pier (still unknown the cause) which burned Castle Frankenstein to the beach.
 Later that year on November 24, 1984 the Lost World was completely burned.
 This fire also destroyed the Crazy House, Jet 400, and the bumper cars.
 In 1984 Fun Pier removed the Sky Tower.
 The pole would remain on the pier until May 6, 2009.
 In the 1985 Season the two water slides were removed to make a difference on the pier.
 Later on that year Fun Pier would close down.
 In April 1, 1987 the pier was sold to Morey's Piers.
 During the 1987 season the Hanneford Family Circus rented the pier.
Tall Timber Short Lines was a magazine dedicated to logging railroads and short line railroads, and was published by Oso Publications.
 The magazine is read both by model railroaders and those into logging history and modeling.
 The magazine ended publication in August 2008.
Nylænde (meaning "New Frontiers" in English) was a Norwegian feminist magazine, issued by the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights (Norwegian: "Norsk Kvinnesaksforening" ) from 1887.
 The magazine was published on a biweekly basis.
 Its first editor was Gina Krog, who edited the magazine from 1887 until her death in 1916.
 Fredrikke Mørck took over as editor from 1916.
 The magazine ended its publication in 1927.
Castle of Frankenstein was an American horror, science fiction and fantasy film magazine, published between 1962 and 1975 by Calvin Thomas Beck's Gothic Castle Publishing Company, distributed by Kable News.
 Larry Ivie - who also was cover artist for several early issues - and Ken Beale edited the first three issues.
 Writer-artist Bhob Stewart edited the magazine from 1963 into the early 1970s.
 Although promoted and sold as a "monster magazine," readers were aware that "Castle of Frankenstein", at the time, was the only nationally distributed magazine devoted to a legitimate and serious coverage of B movies.
 In addition to its central focus on classic and current horror films, "Castle of Frankenstein" also devoted pages to amateur filmmakers and fanzines.
 Its advertising pages sold full-length silent feature films such as "The Lost World" and "".
National Geographic Adventure was a magazine started in 1999 by the National Geographic Society in the United States.
 The first issue was published in Spring 1999.
 Regular publication of the magazine ended in December 2009, and the name was reused for a biannual newsstand publication.
 The last issue was December 2009/January 2010.
Fire!!
 was an African-American literary magazine published in New York City in 1926 during the Harlem Renaissance.
 The publication was started by Wallace Thurman, Zora Neale Hurston, Aaron Douglas, John P. Davis, Richard Bruce Nugent, Gwendolyn Bennett, Lewis Grandison Alexander, Countee Cullen, and Langston Hughes.
 After it published one issue, its quarters burned down, and the magazine ended.
News Review was a British news magazine, first published by Cosmopolitan Press in 1936.
 Its publishers, who also launched "Cavalcade" around the same time, envisaged "News Review" as a competitor to the U.S. "Time" magazine.
 It was later sold to Odhams Press.
 The headquarters was in London.
 The magazine ended its run by eventually being amalgamated into Odhams' "Illustrated" magazine in 1950.
KoreAm was a monthly print magazine dedicated to news, commentary, politics, lifestyle and culture published in the United States.
 It is the oldest and most widely circulated English-language monthly magazine for the Asian American community.
 The magazine has featured prominent Asian American leaders, politicians, artists, entertainers, athletes and entrepreneurs.
 It also covers current events related to North Korea, South Korea, Asian Americans, immigrants and communities of color.
 The magazine ended print issue in December 2015.
The Pitchfork Review was an American quarterly music magazine, available in print only, that included long-form feature stories, photography, and illustrations, and also included selected recent pieces from Pitchfork's online content.
 The magazine ended after 11 issues İn November 2016.
Argentus was a science fiction fanzine edited by Steven H Silver.
 It won the Chronic Rift Roundtable Award for Best Fanzine in 2009 and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Fanzine three times (2008–2010).
 The magazine ended publication in 2014.
