Russell Hobbs, Inc. (formerly Salton, Inc.) (not to be confused with the British Company of the same name) was a United States company based in Florida that manufactured home appliances, most notably the George Foreman grill and Russell Hobbs appliances.
 In June 2010, Russell Hobbs, Inc. was taken over by and became part of Spectrum Brands.
Orascom Development Holding AG is a holding company that develops hotels, offers real estate, infrastructure, leisure services, and builds and operates vacation resorts.
 It is headed by Samih Sawiris.
 The company operates hotels throughout Egypt, Jordan, and the United Arab Emirates though Orascom Hotels and Development, its principal operating subsidiary.
 Orascom Development Holding AG is incorporated in Altdorf, Switzerland, and is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, its principal stock market.
 In 2006, Sawiris announced that he intended to invest $500 million in Andermatt, Switzerland.
AMCON Distributing Company is an American retail and wholesale consumer commodities sales and distribution company.
 Their wholesale products, which include processed and perishable foods, as well health care and tobacco products, are distributed to stores, supermarkets, and outlets primarily in the Rocky Mountains and southern regions of North America.
 The company operates two segments including wholesale distribution segment and retail segment.
 The company also operated sixteen retail health food stores in Florida and the Midwest.
 The company operates 4,500 convenience stores and 16,000 different products.
 In October 2012, it was ranked as the ninth largest convenience store distributor in the United States based on its annual sales.
Sandvika Fjordturer is a passenger ferry operator in Oslofjord in Akershus, Norway.
 The company operates from Kadettangen outside of Sandvika to the islands of Borøya, Brønnøya, Ostøya and Langåra on contract with Ruter, serving route 711.
 The company operates the ferries M/S "Rigmor" and M/S "Rigfar", the first being the oldest wooden ferry in regular scheduled traffic in Norway.
 The company has 40,000 passengers annually.
 Kadettangen is served by the lines 705 and 706 of the Ruter bus network.
 The nearest railway station is Sandvika.
Alpiq is a leading energy company in Switzerland and the largest energy service provider with focus on European markets.
 The company operates mainly in Switzerland, but it also has power stations in Italy, France, Norway, Hungary and the Czech Republic and building new ones in Germany, Italy, France, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic.
 The group was established in 2009 in Neuchâtel, Switzerland after the merger of two Swiss energy companies Aare-Tessin Ltd. for Electricity (Atel) and Energie Ouest Suisse (EOS).
3DiTeams (also known as 3Di TEAMS) is a first person video game developed by the Duke University Medical Center and Virtual Heroes, Inc. and used for medical education and team training.
 The 3DiTeams Project was conceived by Dr. Jeffrey M. Taekman and Jerry Heneghan and is managed by the Human Simulation and Patient Safety Center (HSPSC) at Duke University Medical Center, Durham, North Carolina.
 Dr. Taekman, M.D. is an Assistant Professor of Anesthesiology and the Assistant Dean for Educational Technology within the Duke University School of Medicine.
 Dr Taekman also serves as chairman of the Society for Simulation in Healthcare's Serious Games / Virtual Environments Special Interest Group.
 Co-Principal Investigator for the project is Melanie C. Wright, Ph.D. who is an Assistant Professor human factors engineer in Anesthesiology.
 Additional assistance is provided by Noa Segall, Ph.D. and Gene Hobbs, C.H.T..
 Recently, the Duke team received funding for the Immersive Learning Environment @ Duke (also known as ILE@D) -- an interactive virtual environment for healthcare distance education.
Finley Resources is a privately owned and operated energy company headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, USA].
 The company operates about 2,500 oil and gas properties in nine states including Texas, Oklahoma, Utah, Wyoming, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Pennsylvania, and New Mexico.
 Affiliated companies include Mesa Well Servicing in Hobbs, New Mexico, Slick Rod Systems, Pecos Transport, and ATD, Inc.
YG Entertainment Inc. (Korean: YG 엔터테인먼트) is a South Korean entertainment company established in 1996 by Yang Hyun-suk.
 The company operates as a record label, talent agency, music production company, event management and concert production company, and music publishing house.
 In addition, the company operates a number of subsidiary ventures under a separate public traded company - YG PLUS, which includes a clothing line, a golf management agency, and a cosmetics brand.
 It is currently one of the largest entertainment companies in South Korea.
The W. H. Hobbs Supply Company was a wholesale and retail supplier located in Eau Claire, Wisconsin.
 Founded by William H. Hobbs, it began operation with other partners in 1885, then operated continuously under the Hobbs name from 1907 to 1993.
 The company's services varied greatly over the years, but largely focused on lumber mill supplies, hardware, sporting goods, industrial and creamery supplies, electrical supplies and appliances, and plumbing, heating, water systems and air conditioning materials.
 The company slogan was "Busy since 1885".
Eugene Weston Hobbs II, known as Gene Hobbs (born November 28, 1973) is an American technical diver and founding board member of the non-profit Rubicon Foundation.
 Hobbs has served as medical officer for the Woodville Karst Plain Project since 2004 and was named the 2010 Divers Alert Network/ Rolex Diver of the year.
 Hobbs is the Director of Simulation for the University of North Carolina School of Medicine and Clinical Instructor in the Department of Pediatrics.
