All-Time Top 100 TV Themes is the ninth volume of the "Television's Greatest Hits" series of compilation albums by TVT Records.
 TVT Records released the two-disc collection in 2005.
 It included 100 themes featuring tracks from the first seven discs of the series and newer themes from television series since the last disc was released in 1996.
 The album catalog was later acquired by The Bicycle Music Company.
 In September 2011, Oglio Records which headquarters is located at Los Angeles announced they were re-leasing the "Television's Greatest Hits" song catalog after entering into an arrangement The Bicycle Music Company.
 A series of 9 initial "6-packs" including some of the songs from the album have been announced for 2011.
Collection 009 is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.
 It is the ninth volume of the "Collection" series.
 The first five volumes were recorded for Ylem and consist of studio sessions with Kiyoshi Mizutani, then a member of Merzbow.
 However, Ylem went out of business before they could be released.
 Masami Akita then released them himself and recorded five more at home using previous "Collection" session recordings mixed with new material and effects.
Unbalance Unbalance (Hangul: 언밸런스×2 ; RR: "Eonbaelleonseu×2 "; MR: "Ŏnbaellŏnsŭ×2 " ; lit.
 "Unbalance ×2") is a Korean manhwa series written by Dall-Young Lim and illustrated by Soo-Hyun Lee.
 The series focuses on Jin-Ho Myung, a high school senior, and his romantic relationship with his homeroom teacher, Hae-Young Nah.
 The manhwa began biweekly serialization in "Young Champ" magazine in May 2005, and the first volume was released on June 15, 2005 by Daewon C.I..
 The series had a long hiatus following the release of the ninth volume, and resumed serialization in "Young Champ" from October 2010 to October 2011.
 The tenth and final volume was released by Daewon C.I. on January 13, 2012.
 "Unbalance Unbalance" was licensed in North America by Infinity Studios, and released the first volume on January 11, 2007.
 A drama CD was released in Japan in September 2009.
New Writings in SF 30 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer, the ninth volume of nine he oversaw in the "New Writings in SF" series in succession to the series' originator, John Carnell, and the final volume in the series.
 Most late volumes in the series were first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson, followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi.
 No reference to a hardcover edition of this volume has been found; the Corgi paperback was issued in 1977.
Joris of the Rock is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer, the second book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle.
 It is set around the fourteenth century in an alternate medieval France called Neustria (historically an early division of the Frankish kingdom).
 The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Heinemann in 1928; an American edition followed from Doubleday in 1929.
 Its significance was recognized by its republication by the Newcastle Publishing Company as the ninth volume of the celebrated Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library series in September, 1976.
 The Newcastle edition was reprinted by Borgo Press in 1980 and 2010.
Mark S. Golub (born May 10, 1945) is an American rabbi, media entrepreneur, personality and educator.
 He created the first Russian language television channel produced in America, RTN (The Russian Television Network of America) and the first "PBS-Style" Jewish Television Channel, Shalom TV.
 Golub is the rabbi of two small congregations in Connecticut, Chavurah Aytz Chayim (Stamford, CT) and Chavurah Deevray Torah (Greenwich, CT), but is most well known as the host of L'Chayim, an interview talk show he created in 1979 in which he discusses "issues of importance to the Jewish community" with prominent Jewish figures.
RuPaul's Drag Race is an American reality competition television series produced by World of Wonder for Logo TV and, beginning with the ninth season, VH1.
 The show documents RuPaul in the search for "America's next drag superstar."
 RuPaul plays the role of host, mentor, and head judge for this series, as contestants are given different challenges each week.
 "RuPaul's Drag Race" employs a panel of judges, including RuPaul, Michelle Visage, Ross Mathews, Carson Kressley, and a host of other guest judges, who critique contestants' progress throughout the competition.
 The title of the show is a play on drag queen and drag racing, and the title sequence and song "Drag Race" both have a drag-racing theme.
The Hits Album is a compilation album released by BMG, CBS and WEA in December 1988 and is the ninth volume of the long-running "Hits" compilation series.
 It charted on December 17.
 Unusually, this "Hits" album was released without the chronological '9' anywhere on the album's artwork or advertising and this could be considered a re-launch of the four-year-old series.
 The compilation is, however, listed as "The Hits Album 9" in "The Complete Book of the British Charts" and other chart statistic publications due to the catalogue number 'CDHITS9'.
Realness is the eighth studio album from singer and drag queen, RuPaul.
 It was released on March 2, 2015 and is RuPaul's first album to feature a Parental Advisory warning label.
 The album was released to coincide with the seventh season premiere of "RuPaul's Drag Race", which premiered the same day as the album's release.
 The album features guest appearances from Michelle Visage, Rebecca Romijn and Dave Audé, among others.
 Upon its release, the album charted at number 6 on the "Billboard" Dance/Electronic Albums, and 38 on the Independent Albums.
 The album sees RuPaul reuniting with producer Eric Kupper, producer of his debut album "Supermodel of the World".
Aki Sora (Japanese: あきそら , lit.
 "Autumn Sky") is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masahiro Itosugi.
 It was first published in September 2008 by Akita Shoten.
 It started serialization in the ninth volume and was concluded in Volume 25 of Akita Shoten's "shōnen" manga magazine "Champion Red".
 An OVA adaptation by Hoods Entertainment was released with the third volume of the manga on December 17, 2009.
 A second OVA adaptation, called "Aki Sora ~Yume no Naka~" (あきそら～夢の中～ ) was released by Pony Canyon in two parts; the first part released on July 30, 2010, and the second part released on November 17, 2010.
 In April 2011, Masahiro Itosugi announced that there will be no more printings of Volumes 1 and 3 due to Bill 156.
