Fleetwood Town Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Fleetwood, Lancashire, England.
 The team compete in League One, the third tier of English football.
 Established in 1997, the current Fleetwood Town F.C. is the third incarnation of the club which first formed in 1908.
 Their home strip is red shirts with white sleeves and white shorts.
 The home ground is Highbury Stadium in Fleetwood and its supporters are affectionally known as The Cod Army.
 The club won the 2011–12 Football Conference, and played in the Football League for the first time in the 2012–13 season.
 In May 2014, at Wembley, Fleetwood won the promotion play-off to League One, the club's 6th promotion in 10 years.
Blackpool Football Club is a professional association football club based in the seaside town of Blackpool, Lancashire, England.
 For the 2017–18 season, they are competing in League One, the third tier of English football.
 Founded in 1887, Blackpool's home ground has been Bloomfield Road since 1901.
 Their main nickname is "the Seasiders", but they are also called "the 'Pool" and "the Tangerines", the last in reference to the colour of their home kit, which is often referred to as orange (but really tangerine).
The Blackpool Mecca was a large entertainment venue on Central Drive in the seaside town of Blackpool, Lancashire, in North West England, first opened in 1965.
 In the 1970s, it was particularly known for The Highland Room, which was a major Northern Soul music venue.
 The building was closed down in 1980s and was finally demolished in January 2009 to make way for new campus buildings of Blackpool and The Fylde College.
 However, following an issue with funding B&FC withdrew and as of 2013 the site is planned for residential development.
Blackpool South railway station serves the suburban south of the popular seaside resort of Blackpool, Lancashire, England.
 It is the terminus of the "South Fylde Line" 12+1/4 mi west of by rail, though most services run through from Colne.
 It lies only a short walk from Blackpool Football Club's stadium at Bloomfield Road.
 The station is managed by Northern, who operate all trains serving it.
 Blackpool South is located about 500 m from Waterloo Road tram stop on the Blackpool Tramway.
Association football is the national sport in England, where the first modern set of rules for the code were established in 1863, which were a major influence on the development of the modern Laws of the Game.
 With over 40,000 association football clubs, England has more clubs involved in the code than any other country as well as the world's first club (Sheffield F.C.), the world's oldest professional association football club (Notts County F.C), the oldest national governing body (the Football Association), the first national team, the oldest national knockout competition (the FA Cup) and the oldest national league (the English Football League).
 Today England's top domestic league, the Premier League, is one of the most popular and richest sports leagues in the world, with six of the ten richest football clubs in the world.
The 2017–18 season is the 132nd in the history of Luton Town Football Club, a professional association football club based in Luton, Bedfordshire, England.
 Their fourth-place finish in 2016–17 and defeat to Blackpool in the play-offs means it will be the club's fourth consecutive season in League Two and 92nd season in the English Football League.
 The season runs from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018.
Horace Brindley (1 January 1885 — 1971) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Blackpool, Lincoln City and Stoke as well as a number of Southern League clubs.
Wrexham Association Football Club (Welsh: "Clwb Pêl-droed Wrecsam" ) is a professional association football club based in Wrexham, Wales.
 Based on the club's recorded formation date of 1864, they are the oldest club in Wales and the third oldest professional football team in the world.
 Since August 2011 Wrexham have been a supporter-owned football club.
 As of May 2015, the club has 4,129 adult members and joint owners.
Blackpool is a seaside town and unitary authority situated on The Fylde coast in Lancashire, England.
 This list includes the listed buildings in Blackpool and Bispham, a village within the borough of Blackpool.
 One is classified by English Heritage as being in Grade I and five in Grade II*.
 In the United Kingdom, the term "listed building" refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical or cultural significance.
 These buildings are in three grades: Grade I consists of buildings of outstanding architectural or historical interest; Grade II* includes particularly significant buildings of more than local interest; Grade II consists of buildings of special architectural or historical interest.
 Buildings in England are listed by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on recommendations provided by English Heritage, which also determines the grading.
Rochdale Association Football Club is an English professional association football club based in the town of Rochdale in Greater Manchester.
 The club plays in the Football League One, the third tier in the English football league system.
 The club's colours are black and blue and they play their home games at Spotland Stadium, which has a capacity of 10,249.
 Formed in 1907 and nicknamed "the Dale", they were accepted into the Football League in 1921.
 Since then, the club has remained in the bottom two professional divisions of English Football.
