The Staples Inn, now the Old Orchard Beach Inn, is an historic travelers' accommodation at 8 Portland Avenue in Old Orchard Beach, Maine.
 Located in a building dating to the late 18th century, it is the oldest known property to have regularly had summer boarders, with a documented history of doing so dating to 1840.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Ocean Park is a village in the town of Old Orchard Beach in York County, Maine, United States.
 A historic family style summer community affiliated with the Free Will Baptists, the community is located in southern Old Orchard Beach on Saco Bay.
 Ocean Park continues to be a dry community to this day.
River Oaks Center is located at the southeast corner of River Oaks Drive and Torrence Avenue in Calumet City, Illinois, USA.
 It opened in 1966 and was a development of KLC Ventures, a firm that included the pioneering developer Philip M. Klutznick and his son Tom.
 The elder Klutznick had developed Park Forest, Illinois, after World War II, as well as Oakbrook Center in Oak Brook in 1959 and Old Orchard Shopping Center in Skokie in 1956.
 River Oaks Center is the largest enclosed shopping mall in the south suburbs of Chicago, and the seventh largest in the metropolitan area totaling 1379824 sqft .
 Today, there are over 140 stores and two anchors including JCPenney and Macy's with two vacant anchors last occupied by Carson Pirie Scott and Sears.
 Namdar Realty Group and Mason Asset Management manages and owns River Oaks Center.
St. Andre's Parish is a former parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland, located Biddeford, Maine.
 The parish was founded in 1860 to serve the city's large French-Canadian and French-American communities.
 On July 1, 2008, St. Andres was merged into the newly formed Good Shepherd Parish, made up of Saint Joseph's Church in Biddeford, Saint Mary's Church in Biddeford, Most Holy Trinity Church in Saco, Notre Dame Church in Saco, Saint Margaret's Church in Old Orchard Beach, Saint Lukes in Old Orchard Beach, Saint Brendan's in Biddeford Pool,and St. Phillip's Church in Lyman.
 Of those 8 Churches, only Saint Joseph, Most Holy Trinity, Saint Margaret, and Saint Philip remain open.
 (St. Brendan's has always, and continues to serve as a summer chapel.)
 The parish complex of four buildings, including the church, rectory, convent, and school, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015, at which time most of it stood vacant.
Old Orchard Beach High School is a public secondary school which serves grades 9–12 in the town of Old Orchard Beach, Maine.
 It has been at its current location on E. Emerson Cummings Boulevard since its completion in 1980.
 A very small addition was made in the late 1990s which added a small hallway on the side of the gym that included several offices.
 It has a small enrollment of about 250 students, making it the smallest high school in southern Maine.
 Since the school has such a lengthy name, it is commonly abbreviated as OOBHS.
Interstate 195, also known as the Saco Industrial Spur, is a short auxiliary Interstate Highway running 2.41 mi in eastern York County, Maine.
 The highway, located entirely in the city of Saco, is a nominally east–west route that provides access to Downtown Saco and the resort town of Old Orchard Beach from Interstate 95 (the Maine Turnpike).
 The western terminus of I-195 is at a trumpet interchange the Maine Turnpike in central Saco.
 The route has numbered interchanges with Industrial Park Road, U.S. Route 1, and Maine State Route 5 before terminating at an at-grade intersection with SR 5 near the border between Saco and Old Orchard Beach.
Tower Mall was a shopping mall located in Portsmouth, Virginia.
 The shopping mall opened in 1973.
 The mall's original primary anchors were Bradlees (originally J.M. Fields) and Montgomery Ward.
 It also had some of the most popular mall chains of the 1970s and 1980s including Orange Bowl and Merry Go Round.
 Primary anchors left the mall vacant by the mid-1990s.
 The building was demolished in 2001, to make way for a big-box shopping center.
 Victory Crossing shopping center currently occupies the site of the former Tower Mall.
The Old Orchard Beach Surge are an independent American professional baseball team based in Old Orchard Beach, Maine.
 The Surge are set to play in the newly formed Empire Baseball League, which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball.
 The Surge played in the North Country Baseball League in 2015.
 They were previously a member of the short lived East Coast Baseball League.
Westfield Old Orchard, formerly Old Orchard Shopping Center, is a shopping mall in the Chicago metropolitan area.
 It is located in Skokie, Illinois.
Old Orchard Beach is an Amtrak intercity train station in Old Orchard Beach, Maine.
 It features a covered platform, and is served by Amtrak's "Downeaster" service from April to October.
