He Will Have His Way is a compilation album featuring male Australian and New Zealand musicians performing songs written by Neil Finn and Tim Finn (The Finn Brothers), who are best known as members of Split Enz and Crowded House.
 It was released on 12 November 2010 and is a sequel to "She Will Have Her Way", a 2005 album featuring female Australian and New Zealand musicians.
 The two albums were later released together with extra tracks as the double CD "They Will Have Their Way".
Peter Charles Doherty, (born 15 October 1940) is an Australian veterinary surgeon and researcher in the field of medicine.
 He received the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 1995, the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine jointly with Rolf M. Zinkernagel in 1996 and was named Australian of the Year in 1997.
 In the Australia Day Honours of 1997, he was named a Companion of the Order of Australia for his work with Zinkernagel.
 He is also a National Trust Australian Living Treasure.
 In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations, Doherty's immune system research was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for its role as an iconic "innovation and invention".
William Neville "Bill" Scott OAM (4 October 1923 – 22 December 2005) was an Australian author, folklorist, songwriter, poet and a collector of bush ballads and Australian folk history.
 He has published anthologies of Australian bush songs, including the best selling book "The Complete Book of Australian Folklore" published in 1976.
 He was awarded the Order of Australia in 1992 for his contributions to folklore, folk music and Australian literature.
 He was considered a living treasure and his anthologies of songs and his donated collections continue his legacy.
Entre el Cielo y el Infierno (Between Heaven and Hell) is the fifth studio album by Argentine heavy metal band Rata Blanca.
 The album was recorded at Estudios La Nave between June and July ,1994 and was released in September, 1994 by BMG.
 Is the first and unique album featuring vocalist Mario Ian and also is the first album featuring Javier Retamozo on keyboards.
Mavis Taylor (1915 – 14 March 2007) was an Australian who was named an Australian Living Treasure for her humanitarian work for the people of East Timor in her later years.
Colleen Shirley Perry Smith AM MBE (22 November 1924 – 28 April 1998), better known as Mum Shirl, was a prominent social worker and Aboriginal Australian humanitarian and activist committed to justice and welfare of Aboriginal Australians.
 She was a founding member of the Aboriginal Legal Service, the Aboriginal Medical Service, the Aboriginal Tent Embassy, the Aboriginal Children’s Service and the Aboriginal Housing Company in Redfern, a suburb of Sydney, Australia.
 During her lifetime she was awarded an Australian National Living Treasure
Wangaratta Wahine is an album by Australian band The Captain Matchbox Whoopee Band, released in 1974 and was their second album.
 It was recorded at top recording studio Armstrong Studios in Melbourne and the cover art was by famed Australian artist Michael Leunig.
John Edward Hatton AO (born 29 May 1933) is former Australian politician, and a National Trust of Australia nominated Australian Living Treasure.
 He was the independent member of the Legislative Assembly of the New South Wales parliament for the seat of South Coast from 1973 to 1995.
 Notably, the allegations about police corruption Hatton raised in Parliament resulted in the Wood Royal Commission.
 He is currently a social activist in his local community.
James Bartholomew Cummings {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (14 November 1927 – 30 August 2015), also known by his initials J. B. Cummings, was one of the most successful Australian racehorse trainers.
 He was known as the "Cups King", referring to the Melbourne Cup, as he won 'the race that stops a nation' a record twelve times.
 During his lifetime Cummings was considered an Australian cultural icon and an Australian National Living Treasure.
Michael Leunig (born 2 June 1945), typically referred to as Leunig (his signature on his cartoons), is an Australian cartoonist, poet and cultural commentator.
 His best known works include "The Adventures of Vasco Pyjama" and the "Curly Flats" series.
 He was declared an Australian Living Treasure by the National Trust of Australia in 1999.
