Il fanciullo del West (English: The Boy in the West) is a 1943 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Erminio Macario.
 It is named after Puccini's opera and is considered the first western parody of Italian cinema and the precursor of the spaghetti western genre.
Gunman Sent by God (Italian: "Il pistolero segnato da Dio" , also known as Two Pistols and a Coward) is a 1968 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Anthony Steffen.
Hercules vs. Moloch (Italian: "Ercole contro Moloch" , French: "Hercule contre Moloch" , also known as "Hercules Against Moloch", "Hercules vs. the Molloch", "Hercules Attacks", "Conquest of Mycene" and "The Conquest of Mycenae") is a 1963 Italian-French peplum film written and directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Gordon Scott.
Giorgio Ferroni (April 12, 1908 - August 17, 1981), sometimes credited as Calvin Jackson Padget or Calvin J. Padget, was an Italian film director, film editor and a screenwriter.
Born in Vicenza, Ferrio studied at conservatories of Vicenza and Venice.
 He started working at the end of the fifties, and was pretty active as a composer of film scores, signing about 120 sound-tracks especially for spaghetti westerns and commedie sexy all'italiana films.
 His piece "One Silver Dollar", the main theme to Giorgio Ferroni's "Blood for a Silver Dollar" (1965), was later included in Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds".
Wanted is an Italian western film released in 1967.
 It was directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Giuliano Gemma, Teresa Gimpera, and Nello Pazzafini.
 Gemma made two more westerns directed by Ferroni, with similar plots, where his character likewise carried the first name "Gary".
Born in La Spezia into a family of Pisan origins, Biagetti studied medicine at the university of Pisa, and during this time he founded the stage company "The brigade of Doctors", for which he wrote several comic-grotesque plays.
 He moved to Rome in the early fifties, and there he had some experience as a documentarist and as an assistant director of notable directors including Joseph Losey, Giorgio Ferroni, Giacomo Gentilomo and Roberto Rossellini, who produced and wrote the feature film debut of Biagetti, the melodrama "Rivalità".
 After a badly distributed second work Biagetti abandoned films, devoting himself to the production and direction of commercials.
 He came back to cinema in 1968, directing two commercially successful films which had some political and social commitment, then since 1972 he focused on more low-profile genre films, in which he was sometimes credited as Pier Giorgio Ferretti.
The Lion of Thebes (Italian: "Il leone di Tebe" , French: "Hélène, reine de Troie" ) is a 1964 Italian-French peplum film written and directed by Giorgio Ferroni.
The Trojan Horse (Italian: "La guerra di troia" ) is a 1961 film set in the tenth and final year of the Trojan War.
 The film focuses primarily on the exploits of the Trojan hero Aeneas during this time.
 The film was directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starred Steve Reeves as Aeneas and John Drew Barrymore as Odysseus.
Blood for a Silver Dollar (Italian: "Un dollaro bucato"), also known as One Silver Dollar, is a 1965 Italian-French Spaghetti Western film directed by Giorgio Ferroni, written by Giorgio Stegani and Ferroni and starring Giuliano Gemma and Ida Galli.
