Stone State Park is a state park of Iowa, USA, located in the bluffs and ravines adjacent to the Big Sioux River.
 The park consists of 1069 acre in Woodbury and Plymouth Counties near Sioux City, and overlooks the South Dakota-Iowa border.
 Stone Park is near the northernmost extent of the Loess Hills, and is at the transition from clay bluffs and prairie to sedimentary rock hills and bur oak forest along the Iowa side of the Big Sioux River.
 A variety of prairie plants can be found on the steep slopes and ridges, including yucca, penstemon, rough blazing star, silky aster, and pasque flower.
 Wild turkey, white-tailed deer, coyote, and red fox are found in the park.
 Birdlife includes the turkey vulture, barred owl, rufous-sided (eastern) towhee, and the ovenbird.
 Exposed bedrock in the park is composed of lignite, shale, sandstone, and limestone, and dates to the Cretaceous period; it is rich in marine fossils.
 The park contains many miles of hiking and equestrian trails, and is a popular destination for day visitors, overnight campers, mountain bike enthusiasts, and picnickers.
The Tri-Cities is the region comprising the cities of Kingsport, Johnson City, and Bristol and the surrounding smaller towns and communities in Northeast Tennessee and Southwest Virginia.
 All three cities are located in Northeast Tennessee, while Bristol has a twin city of the same name in Virginia.
Shoal Creek (originally called the Sycamore River) is a 64.7 miles long River from its East point or 63.6 River miles long from the North point on the Little Shoal Creek north of Lawrenceburg, Tennessee.
 The stream rises in northern Lawrence County, Tennessee, and enters the Tennessee River in Lauderdale County, Alabama, where its lower reaches are impounded in the backwater of Wilson Dam.
East Falls is a neighborhood in the Northwest section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States on the east or left bank side of the now submerged Schuylkill River cataracts, the 'Falls of the Schuylkill' that became submerged as the Schuylkill Canal and Fairmount Water Works projects were completed in 1822.
 The East Falls community is located adjacent to Germantown, Roxborough, Allegheny West, and Nicetown-Tioga neighborhoods.
 East Falls is also adjacent to Wissahickon Valley Park.
 The neighborhood runs along a stretch of Ridge Avenue that is only a few miles long, along the banks of the Schuylkill River then extends northeast to Wissahickon Avenue.
 East Falls overlooks the multi-use recreational path of Fairmount Park along Kelly Drive, and is desirable for its central location, an easy commute to Center City, with easy access to several major roadways and public transportation.
 East Falls continues to develop, with new housing, retail space and recreation centers in production.
 It features three streets in proximity with the word "Queen" in them (Queen Lane, New Queen Street, and Indian Queen Lane), two train stations, a number of bars and restaurants, a small Korean grocer, illustrious mansions as well as some recently renovated housing that continues to increase in value.
In Australian aboriginal mythology, Wollunqua (or Wollunka, Wollunkua) is a snake-god of rain and fertility, who emerged from a watering hole in the Murschison Mountains.
 Wollunqua is said to be many miles long.
The Little Emory River rises in Morgan County, Tennessee near the town of Coalfield.
 It is one of the major tributaries to the Emory River.
 It crosses into Roane County, where it soon becomes an embayment of Watts Bar Lake several miles upstream of its mouth into the Emory.
 (Watts Bar Lake is a relatively deep reservoir and causes "slack water" conditions many miles up several Tennessee River tributaries, not just the main stream.)
A rock shelter — also rockhouse, crepuscular cave, bluff shelter, or abri — is a shallow cave-like opening at the base of a bluff or cliff.
 In contrast to solutional cave (karst) caves, which are often many miles long, rock shelters are almost always modest in size and extent.
The Landsat program is the longest-running enterprise for acquisition of satellite imagery of Earth.
 On July 23, 1972 the Earth Resources Technology Satellite was launched.
 This was eventually renamed to Landsat.
 The most recent, Landsat 8, was launched on February 11, 2013.
 The instruments on the Landsat satellites have acquired millions of images.
 The images, archived in the United States and at Landsat receiving stations around the world, are a unique resource for global change research and applications in agriculture, cartography, geology, forestry, regional planning, surveillance and education, and can be viewed through the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) 'EarthExplorer' website.
 Landsat 7 data has eight spectral bands with spatial resolutions ranging from 15 to 60 meters; the temporal resolution is 16 days.
 Landsat images are usually divided into scenes for easy downloading.
 Each Landsat scene is about 115 miles long and 115 miles wide (or 100 nautical miles long and 100 nautical miles wide, or 185 kilometers long and 185 kilometers wide).
The Bee Cliff is a prominent northeast Tennessee geological limestone feature with high caves that overlooks the Watauga River and the Siam community of Carter County, Tennessee.
Radok Lake is a meltwater lake about 4 miles long and marked by a slender glacier tongue feeding into it from the west, lying 3 miles south-west of Beaver Lake and 15 miles south-east of the Aramis Range, Prince Charles Mountains.
 Plotted by Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE) from air photos taken by the RAAF Antarctic Flight in 1956.
 Named for Uwe Radok, Reader (head) of Meteorology Dept at the University of Melbourne, who greatly assisted Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE)'s glaciological program.
 Radok Lake is the deepest (362 m) known lake on the Antarctic continent and the only known freshwater lake to host a floating ice tongue glacier.
 Drained by 3 miles long Pagodroma Gorge in to Beaver Lake.
