Rajiv Ghatalia (born September 8, 1967 in South India) is a prominent Indian venture capitalist, entrepreneur, and philanthropist.
 He works on the board of Clean Power Finance and is the President and Founder of Hennessey Capital LLC.
 Ghatalia was also co-head of investment banking for the Asia-Pacific region for Goldman Sachs.
 He worked as the Managing Director and Partner at Warburg Pincus, LLC, an American Private global private equity firm.
 Ghatalia's decision to become a partner at Warburg Pincus after 11 years at Goldman Sachs underlines the increased attraction of Asia's fast-growing private equity market to the region's deal-makers.
 Currently, he serves as an Advisor at Proterra Inc and is working with The UCSF in the areas of philanthropy, as well as healthcare delivery and personalized medicine.
Thomas B. Walker, Jr., also known as Tommy Walker, (December 23, 1923 - October 11, 2016) was an American investment banker, corporate director and philanthropist.
 A veteran of World War II, he started his career in investment banking in Tennessee and soon moved to Dallas, Texas.
 He became the main driving force behind the Dallas office of Goldman Sachs, where he "not only established Goldman Sachs' presence in the Southwest" but also "led the initial public offerings for many of the most important companies in Texas."
Edward Gerald Corrigan (born June 13, 1941 in Waterbury, Connecticut) is an American banker who was the seventh President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Vice-Chairman of the Federal Open Market Committee.
 Corrigan is currently a partner and managing director in the Office of the Chairman at Goldman Sachs and was appointed chairman of GS Bank USA, the bank holding company of Goldman Sachs, in September 2008.
 He is also a member of the Group of Thirty, an influential international body of leading financiers and academics.
David Alan Viniar was the CFO and Executive Vice President at Goldman Sachs from 1999 until January 31, 2013.
 He is currently on the Board of Directors of Goldman Sachs.
Carmen Segarra was a US New York Federal Reserve–appointed regulator to Goldman Sachs for seven months from October 2011.
 She discovered that Goldman Sachs did not have any policy on conflict of interest when it advised El Paso Corporation on selling itself to Kinder Morgan, a company in which Goldman Sachs owned a US$4 billion stake, and with several former Goldman Sachs employees who had previously worked for Kinder Morgan on the El Paso team.
 She was pressured by her superiors at the Federal Reserve to alter her report, but stated that her professional view of the situation did not change, and refused to do so.
 She was dismissed shortly after.
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is an American multinational finance company that engages in global investment banking, investment management, securities, and other financial services including asset management, mergers and acquisitions advice, prime brokerage, and securities underwriting services.
 It also sponsors private equity funds, is a market maker, and is a primary dealer in the United States Treasury security market.
 Goldman Sachs also owns GS Bank USA, a direct bank.
Autopistas Metropolitanas de Puerto Rico, LLC (English: "Puerto Rico Metropolitan Highways" ) better known as Metropistas (English: "Metro Highways" ) is the public–private partnership, privately held company, and limited liability company that operates Puerto Rico Highway 5 (PR-5) and Puerto Rico Highway 22 (PR-22) on behalf of the Puerto Rico Highways and Transportation Authority.
 The company is a consortium between Goldman Sachs and Abertis where Goldman Sachs initially served as majority owner through its Goldman Sachs Infrastructure Partners II infrastructure fund, while Abertis initially served as minority partner and main operator.
 However, on February 2013 Abertis acquired 6% of Goldman Sach's equity, elevating its position as majority owner with 51% ownership.
Jacki Zehner (born October 8, 1964) was the first female trader to be invited into the partnership of Goldman Sachs.
 She began her Wall Street career in 1988, made partner in 1996, and left Goldman in 2002.
 Her career at Goldman was spent mostly in mortgage-backed trading, followed by two years spent in the Executive Office working in human capital management.
 After leaving the firm she became a Founding Partner of Circle Financial Group, a small private wealth management operation consisting of women committed to effectively managing their families’ assets and philanthropic activities.
 Zehner serves as Chief Engagement Officer of Women Moving Millions, and President of the Jacquelyn and Gregory Zehner Foundation.
 Zehner is a former board member of The Breast Cancer Research Foundation, The National Council for Research on Women, The University of British Columbia and The Center for Work-Life Policy, and many other organizations.
 She is a current board member of The Sundance Institute, a non-profit dedicated to supporting independent storytellers.
 Zehner also serves as an advisor for other for-profit and non-profit gender equality organizations.
10,000 Small Businesses is a philanthropic initiative launched by Goldman Sachs and the Goldman Sachs Foundation in November 2009 that pledges $500 million in various aid to small businesses in the United States and United Kingdom.
 The initiative aims to provide 10,000 small businesses with assistance – ranging from business and management education and mentoring to access to capital and business support services.
 Goldman Sachs' CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Berkshire Hathaway's Warren Buffett and Harvard Business School professor Michael Porter are the chairs of the program's advisory council.
 The program was launched in the face of mounting criticism over Goldman Sachs' large bonus payouts after repaying (with interest) $10 billion in TARP funds it received from the U.S. Treasury.
 According to the company, the small business initiative had been in development a year before the initial launch, and is modeled after its 10,000 Women Initiative, which has helped educate female entrepreneurs in 43 countries.
Craig Forrest Noell (born July 21, 1962) is an American businessman.
 Along with Kyle C. Ross, Noell is the co-founder of Signature Group Holdings, LLC, a special situations investment firm.
 He was formerly an executive of Goldman Sachs, where he was responsible for forming the Credit Partners business unit, now known as Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending.
 Under Noell's direction, Signature Group Holdings, LLC became an unsolicited plan proponent in the bankruptcy reorganization of Fremont General, Inc.
 Fremont General had been a NYSE publicly traded company with over $9 billion in assets as of December 31, 2007.
 The Signature Plan was later supported by James A. McIntyre, the founder and largest shareholder of Fremont, as well as by the two largest bondholders.
 Notwithstanding, the Signature Plan was opposed by the Official Equityholders Committee and a 9 month battle in bankruptcty that ultimately included six competing plans.
 The reorganized company was renamed Signature Group Holdings, Inc. and its shares trade publicly (OTC: "SGGH").
 Noell retired in 2014 and lives in Westlake Village, California.
