The 2008 Supercoppa Italiana was a football match that was played by 2007–08 Serie A winners Internazionale and 2007–08 Coppa Italia winners Roma.
 The match proved to be a tightly contested affair.
 After exchanging goals, it appeared that Inter was on its way to victory on Mario Balotelli's goal on the 83rd minute, however, Mirko Vučinić tied the game for Roma at the 90th minute.
 Extra time settled nothing.
 In the penalty shoot-out, it appeared that a miss by Inter's Dejan Stanković would be decisive, however, Roma captain Francesco Totti missed the team's fifth shot, which would have given his team the cup.
 In the seventh round, Roma's Juan missed while Inter captain Javier Zanetti scored, ending the match in favour of the Serie A champions.
Amedeo Amadei ] (26 July 1921 – 24 November 2013) was a professional Italian football player and manager, who played as a striker or midfielder.
 Following his death in 2013, he was one of eleven members to be inducted into the A.S. Roma Hall of Fame.
 A powerful forward, considered to be one of the best Italian strikers of all time, he was known for his prolific goalscoring, acrobatic ability in the air, and precise volleying; due to his importance to Roma throughout his career, he was affectionately known by the fans as the "eighth King of Rome".
Paulo Roberto Falcão, or simply Falcão (] ; born 16 October 1953), is a Brazilian former footballer and current manager of Sport.
 He is widely considered one of the best players in Internacional and Roma history, and he is universally considered one of the greatest Brazilian players of all time, especially at his peak in the 1980s.
 At one stage, he was the world's highest paid footballer.
 Due to his success and performances with Roma, he earned the knickname "the eighth King of Rome" from the fans, and was inducted into the A.S. Roma Hall of Fame in 2013.
Rosella Sensi (born 18 December 1971 in Rome) is an entrepreneur and Italian professional sports executive.
 She was the chairperson of the Italian professional football (soccer) club Associazione Sportiva Roma (A.S. Roma, usually referred to simply as Roma) from 2008 to 2011.
A.S. Roma returned to prominence with a 3rd place in Serie A under returning coach Nils Liedholm.
 With new signings such as Rudi Völler and Lionello Manfredonia, Roma was able to qualify for international football once again, with playmaker Giuseppe Giannini arguably playing at his very peak, setting a career record 11 league goals from attacking midfield.
Nicolás Alejandro Tagliafico (born 31 August 1992) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a left back for Club Atlético Independiente.
 Because of his "lung-busting stamina, excellent technique and continuous enterprise",as well as his playing position and club, he has been compared to the Internazionale and Argentina left-sided player Javier Zanetti, formerly also of Banfield.
Luciano Alghisi (born 18 April 1917) was a professional Italian football player.
 He was born in Milan.
 He played for 5 seasons (97 goals, 19 goals) in the Serie A for A.S. Roma, A.S. Bari and A.C. Liguria.
 On his debut in Serie A for Roma, he scored a winning goal in a 1–0 victory over A.C. Milan.
Cristiano Zanetti (born 10 April 1977) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a midfielder.
 Zanetti has been described as a hardworking and tough tackling defensive midfielder, with good vision, passing ability, and a controlling influence on the midfield, and was known in particular for his ability to break down possession and subsequently start attacking plays; despite his talents, he was often injury-prone throughout his career.
 Zanetti played for several Italian clubs throughout his career, winning titles with Fiorentina, Roma, Inter, and Juventus.
 At international level, he represented the Italy national football team at the 2000 Summer Olympics, at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and at UEFA Euro 2004.
Walter Adrián Luján Samuel (] ; born Walter Adrián Luján; 23 March 1978) is a retired Argentine professional footballer.
 Gifted with natural power and good defensive skills, Samuel has been regarded as one of the best centre-backs of his generation, and as one of football's toughest defenders, with former international teammate and Inter captain Javier Zanetti referring to him as the "hardest player" he has played with.
Inter confined his market to a few of purchases, not being yet ready for a deeper revolution: the most notable arrival was Rodrigo Palacio, from Genoa.
 For the first three months of 2012–13 season Inter achieved good results, especially in away games.
 However, during winter times, the side suffered from too absences: Diego Milito and Javier Zanetti - for example - had injuries to long-term.
 As a result, Inter had to use young players who could not have the requested experience and skills.
 It was the worst season since 1993–94, as the club finished ninth and failed in qualyfing to European football for 2013–14.
 On 24 May 2013, Stramaccioni was sacked by the club, with successful former Napoli coach Walter Mazzarri taking over on the next day.
