Halloween with the New Addams Family is a 1977 American made-for-television comedy horror film starring John Astin, Carolyn Jones, Jackie Coogan, Ted Cassidy, Lisa Loring, Ken Weatherwax and Felix Silla, and was a reunion of sorts with the actors reprising their roles from the original 1964–66 series "The Addams Family".
 Blossom Rock who portrayed Grandmama was ill at the time of the production (she would die in early 1978, shortly after this special aired) causing her role of Grandmama to be portrayed by (1913-1979).
 Character actors Parley Baer and Vito Scotti, who both had recurring roles in the original series, also appeared in the movie, but as different characters than they had portrayed originally.
Charles Fleischer (born August 27, 1950) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor, writer and musician, best known for appearing in films such as "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", "Back to the Future Part II", "The Polar Express", "Rango", and "We're Back!
 A Dinosaur's Story".
 He also reprised the role of Roger Rabbit in the "Roger Rabbit" theatrical shorts.
 After beginning his career on the comedy club circuit, Charles Fleischer's first big break in comedy television came when he made an appearance on "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In".
Roger Brian Ruzek (born December 17, 1960) is a former professional American football placekicker.
 He played in the National Football League (NFL) for seven seasons for the Dallas Cowboys and the Philadelphia Eagles.
 Previously he played with the New Jersey Generals of the United States Football League.
 He was a teammate of Herschel Walker with three different teams (Generals, Cowboys and Eagles).
 He was given the classic nickname "Who Framed Roger Ruzek" (after Who Framed Roger Rabbit ) by Chris Berman.
Mátyás Usztics (9 April 1949 – 29 April 2017) was a Hungarian stage and film actor, most notable for his role of Sgt. János Karádi in the Hungarian television show "Angyalbőrben".
 As a regular voice actor too, he was the Hungarian dubbing voice of Roger Rabbit in "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" and Gopher in "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
 He served as founding director of the National Chamber Theatre from 2003 until his death.
Uncle Fester, also known as Fester Addams, is a member of the fictional Addams Family.
 He was played by Jackie Coogan in the original television series, by Christopher Lloyd in the two feature films, and by Patrick Thomas in the direct-for-video film "Addams Family Reunion".
 Finally, Michael Roberds played Fester in "The New Addams Family".
 In the Broadway musical, the part was originated by Kevin Chamberlin, with Brad Oscar taking over on March 8, 2011.
Jessica Rabbit is a fictional character in "Who Censored Roger Rabbit?
" and its loose film adaptation, "Who Framed Roger Rabbit".
 She is depicted as Roger's human toon wife in various Roger Rabbit media.
 Jessica is renowned as one of the most well known sex symbols in animation.
 She is also well known for her movie quote "I'm not bad.
 I'm just drawn that way."
Christopher Allen Lloyd (born October 22, 1938) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian best known for his roles as Emmett "Doc" Brown in the "Back to the Future" trilogy, Judge Doom in "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" (1988), Merlock the Magician in "" (1990), Uncle Fester in "The Addams Family" (1991) and its sequel "Addams Family Values" (1993), and Grigori Rasputin in "Anastasia" (1997).
Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a 1988 American live-action/animated fantasy film directed by Robert Zemeckis, produced by Frank Marshall and Robert Watts, and written by Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman.
 The film is based on Gary K. Wolf's 1981 novel "Who Censored Roger Rabbit?
" The film stars Bob Hoskins, Christopher Lloyd, Charles Fleischer, Stubby Kaye, and Joanna Cassidy.
 Combining live-action and animation, the film is set in Hollywood during the late 1940s, where animated characters and people co-exist.
 The story follows Eddie Valiant, a private detective who must exonerate "Toon" Roger Rabbit, who is accused of murdering a wealthy businessman.
The "Roger Rabbit" shorts are a series of animated short films produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation from 1989 to 1993.
 The anthology features Roger Rabbit, the animated protagonist from "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", being enlisted the task of caring for Baby Herman while his mother is absent, resulting in a plot defined by slapstick humor and visual gags. Each short concludes with a sequence involving live action and animation, where the characters interact with live action human beings, akin to the 1988 film.
 These were filmed from 1988 to 1992.
The Addams Family is an animated adaptation of the Charles Addams cartoons produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions in 1973.
 Jackie Coogan and Ted Cassidy who played Uncle Fester and Lurch respectively from the 1960s television series returned in voice-over roles.
