Marquess Jing of Han (Chinese: 韩景侯; pinyin: Hán Jǐnghóu) (died 400 BC), ancestral name Jì (姬), clan name Hán (韩), personal name Qían (虔), was the ruler of the State of Han between 408 BC until his death in 400 BC.
 Marquess Jing was the son of Wuzi of Han.
 It was during his rule that the State of Han became a recognized state.
 In the first year of his reign, he attacked the State of Zheng and took over Yongqiu in today's Henan, Qi County.
 The next year, his army lost to Zheng at Fushu in today's Henan, Dengfeng.
 In 403 BC, Marquess Jing, along with Marquess Wen of Wei and Marquess Lie of Zhao partitioned the powerful Jin state into Han, Wei, and Zhao marking the beginning of the Warring States Period and Han as an independent polity.
 King Lie of Zhou was forced to elevate Marquess Jing's title from viscount to marquess.
 Marquess Jing then moved the capital from Pingyang to Yangzhai.
 In 400 BC, the capital Yangzhai was sieged by the Zheng army.
 Marquess Jing died later that year and was succeeded by his son Marquess Lie of Han.
Carrefour S.A. (] ) is a French multinational retailer headquartered in Boulogne Billancourt, France, in the Hauts-de-Seine Department near Paris.
 It is one of the largest hypermarket chains in the world (with 1,462 hypermarkets at the end of 2016).
 Carrefour operates in more than 30 countries, in Europe, the Americas, Asia and Africa.
 Carrefour means "crossroads" and "public square" in French.
 The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
Shi Yanxu is the director of Shaolin Temple Cultural Center in Los Angeles.
 Yanxu started his monastic life in childhood with extensive Chan meditation and Shaolin Kung Fu training under Abbot Shi YongXin at China’s Songshan Shaolin Temple.
 He was appointed the head instructor of Shaolin martial monks in 2004-2005 and has been the personal aid of the Abbot before he came to the United States.
 Shi Yanxu is a master of the Shaolin Arts---an integrated system of Chan Buddhism, Martial Arts and Medicine.
 He has gained insights to the scriptures and human nature through meditation guided by accomplished Chan masters.
 He specializes in various forms of Shaolin Martial Arts as well as the holistic exercise system which is designed to enhance people's physical health.
 The holistic exercise system follows Yi Jin Jing(易筋經), Muscle/Tendon Change Classic, and Xi Sui Jing(洗髓經), Marrow Washing Classic, which were left behind by Bodhidharma at Songshan Shaolin Temple during 5th/6th century.
 Since 2007, Yanxu has taught hundreds of students with difference age, race, religion and cultural background.
 He has organized various events to promote Shaolin culture in the U.S., such as the Shaolin Temple Day Celebration.
 Also, Yanxu actively involved with the local community and his efforts were acknowledged by the City of Arcadia, City of Walnut, Los Angeles Country Sheriff's Department and Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Los Angeles County, etc.
Lu Hong Qin (born (1980--)4 1980 ) is a Chinese female Paralympic sitting volleyball player.
 She is part of the China women's national sitting volleyball team.
Rong Jing (born 25 November 1988) is a Paralympic fencer from China.
 She competed in three foil and épée events at the 2016 Paralympics and won a gold medal in each of them.
 She served as the flag bearer for China at the 2016 Summer Paralympics Parade of Nations.
Li Liping (born (1982--)3 1982 ) is a Chinese female Paralympic sitting volleyball player.
 She is part of the China women's national sitting volleyball team.
The Jin dynasty, officially known as the Great Jin, lasted from 1115 to 1234 as one of the last dynasties in Chinese history to predate the Mongol invasion of China.
 Its name is sometimes written as Kin, Jurchen Jin or Jinn in English to differentiate it from an earlier Jìn dynasty of China whose name is identical when transcribed without tone marker diacritics in the Hanyu Pinyin system for Standard Chinese.
 It is also sometimes called the "Jurchen dynasty" or the "Jurchen Jin", because its founding Emperor Taizu of Jin (reign 1115–1123) was of Wanyan Jurchen descent.
Jin Jing (Chinese: 金晶; Pinyin: Jīn Jīng; born 1981 in Hefei, Anhui, China) is a Chinese female Paralympic fencer.
 She was a torchbearer carrying the Olympic torch amid political protests during the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay in Paris, France.
 According to "ABC News", she fended off protestors who "threw themselves" at her; most were wrestled away by French police but at least one reached her wheelchair and tried to wrench the torch away.
 Jin has gained national fame in China because of the incident, but was attacked on Chinese internet bulletin boards for her stance in the following call to boycott French retailer Carrefour that resulted from public anger toward France.
 In contrast, Western media concentrated on how the incident involving Jin Jing ignited Chinese nationalism and claimed that the incident was exploited for propaganda purposes by the state media.
Beijing Girl is a 1991 Chinese fantasy film, created by Qin Zhiyu.
 This film stars Sun Jiaxing, Hou Yaohua.
 The story is about a Beijing girl named Jin Jing who is threatened by the hoods and loses all the donation.
 After that, Jin Jing decides to study stunt from a mysterious old man.
Jing Yanguang (景延廣) (892-January 28, 947), courtesy name Hangchuan (航川), was a general and official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Jin.
 He was instrumental in the enthronement of Later Jin's second emperor Shi Chonggui, and therefore became a powerful chancellor early in Shi Chonggui's reign.
 Under his advocacy, Shi Chonggui turned away from the peaceful, submissive relationship that Later Jin had with its northern neighbor Liao (whose Emperor Taizong's support had been essential in the establishment of Later Jin by Shi Chonggui's uncle and predecessor Shi Jingtang), and became confrontational against Liao.
 The adversarial relationship continued even after Jing's removal as chancellor, such that Later Jin was eventually destroyed by a Liao invasion.
 Emperor Taizong took Jing captive, intending to deliver him to Liao proper, but Jing committed suicide.
