Der Schatzgräber ("The Treasure Hunter") is an opera in four acts, with a prologue and an epilogue, by Franz Schreker, libretto by the composer.
Tara Hugo sings Philip Glass is a 2012 album by mezzo-soprano and actress Tara Hugo of songs of composer Philip Glass.
 The recording project was initiated by Glass himself who asked collaborator and producer Kurt Munkacsi to present pieces that Glass had composed for larger music ensembles as a song recital for small ensemble.
 The recital album includes songs Glass had composed with or for singers Leonard Cohen (Book of Longing), Natalie Merchant, Mick Jagger and poet Allen Ginsberg.
 The album also includes new arrangements by Trevor Gureckis of Glass instrumental music set to new lyrics written by Tara Hugo.
Irrelohe is an opera in three acts by the Austrian composer Franz Schreker, libretto by the composer.
Robert vom Scheidt (16 April 1879, Bremen - 10 April 1964) was a German operatic baritone.
 He created roles in several world premieres, including Wolf in Franz Schreker's "Das Spielwerk und die Prinzessin" (1913), Vitellozzo Tamare/Andrea in Schreker's "Die Gezeichneten" (1918), Baliv in Schreker's "Der Schatzgräber" (1920), and Rabbi Leone in Eugène d'Albert's "Der Golem" (1926).
Alexander Lipsky was an influential teacher as well as composer and arranger born in Warsaw, Poland in 1900.
 He attended Columbia University and studied composition and theory with Daniel Gregory Mason, Frank Ward and Franz Schreker.
 He was a student of piano under the tutelage of Leonid Kreutzer.
 In 1921, he was awarded the Clarence Barker Fellowship at Columbia through which he studied in Berlin from 1922-1924.
 Up through the 1940s, he composed concertos, songs, sonatas and pieces for piano.
 He also became a highly regarded teacher of music with notable students such as Carol Klooster-Moore and Matthew Harre.
 He died in 1985.
Die Gezeichneten ("The Branded" or "The Stigmatized") is an opera in three acts by Franz Schreker with a German-language libretto by the composer.
Anne Schwanewilms (born 1967, in Gelsenkirchen) is a German lyric soprano.
 She studied gardening before training in Cologne as a singer with the German bass Hans Sotin.
 She is particularly associated with performing the works of Richard Wagner, Franz Schreker, Alban Berg, and Richard Strauss.
 She sang the lead role of Carlotta in Franz Schreker's "Die Gezeichneten" at the Salzburg Festival in 2005, recorded and subsequently published on DVD by Opus Arte.
Der ferne Klang ("The Distant Sound") is an opera by Franz Schreker, libretto by the composer.
Franz Schreker (originally "Schrecker"; 23 March 1878, Monaco – 21 March 1934, Berlin) was an Austrian composer, conductor, teacher and administrator.
 Primarily a composer of operas, Schreker developed a style characterized by aesthetic plurality (a mixture of Romanticism, Naturalism, Symbolism, Impressionism, Expressionism and Neue Sachlichkeit), timbral experimentation, strategies of extended tonality and conception of total music theatre into the narrative of 20th-century music.
Marij (Julij) Kogoj (Trieste, 20 September 1892 – Ljubljana, 25 February 1956) was a Slovenian composer.
 He was a pupil of Schoenberg and Franz Schreker, and immensely popular during the 1920s, culminating with his opera "Črne maske" (Black masks).
 His career ended in 1932, when he was institutionalized for schizophrenia.
 He remained there until his death in 1956.
