Les Misérables is a 1934 film adaptation of Victor Hugo's novel of the same name.
 It was written and directed by Raymond Bernard and stars Harry Baur as Jean Valjean and Charles Vanel as Javert.
 The film lasts four and a half hours and is considered by critics to be the greatest adaptation of the novel, due to its in-depth development of the themes and characters in comparison with most shorter adaptations.
Chinese Coffee is a one-act play, written by Ira Lewis.
Ira Deutchman is best known as a producer, distributor and marketer of independent films, but in 2000, he moved into film exhibition as Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Emerging Pictures—a New York-based digital exhibition company, which was sold in January, 2015 to Vancouver-based 20 Year Media He also served as Chair of the Film Program at Columbia University School of the Arts from 2011 to 2015, where he has been a Professor of Professional Practice for more than 25 years.
 Deutchman is a member of The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
 He was one of the original creative advisors to the Sundance Institute and formerly served on the Board of Advisors for the Sundance Film Festival.
 He has also served as a Board member and former Board chair for the Independent Feature Project, the Board of Advisors for the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival, the Williamstown Film Festival, IFP/West, and the Collective for Living Cinema, and was a member of the Board for Kartemquin Films.
 In 2015, he donated his personal archives to the University of Michigan's Screen Arts Mavericks and Makers Collection.
 Deutchman continues to produce films while consulting on the marketing and distribution of independent films, and teaching producing students in the MFA Film Program at Columbia University's School of the Arts.
 Current projects include a film adaptation of Barbara Ehrenreich's best-selling book "Nickel and Dimed," a theatrical adaptation of Joan Micklin Silver's 1976 independent film "Hester Street" and a documentary about art film maverick Donald Rugoff, which is in production.
 He consults for Luce Cinecitta on the marketing of Italian cinema in the United States.
 Deutchman was awarded the first annual Spotlight Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2017 Sundance Art House Convergence.
Pride and Prejudice is a 1940 American film adaptation of Jane Austen's novel "Pride and Prejudice", directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring Greer Garson and Laurence Olivier.
 The screenplay was written by Aldous Huxley and Jane Murfin, adapted specifically from the stage adaptation by Helen Jerome in addition to Jane Austen's novel.
 The film is about five sisters from an English family of landed gentry who must deal with issues of marriage, morality, and misconceptions.
 The film was released by MGM on July 26, 1940 in the United States, and was critically well received.
 "The New York Times" film critic praised the film as "the most deliciously pert comedy of old manners, the most crisp and crackling satire in costume that we in this corner can remember ever having seen on the screen."
Ira Lewis Metsky (27 August 1932 — 4 April 2015) was an American actor, writer, and playwright.
 Lewis was best known for his one-act play, "Chinese Coffee", which opened at the Circle in the Square Theatre in 1992, starring Al Pacino.
 A film adaptation of "Chinese Coffee", also starring Pacino, as well as Jerry Orbach, was released in 2000.
 Ira Lewis wrote the film's screenplay, while Pacino directed the adaptation.
Rosemary's Baby is a 2014 two-part, four-hour television miniseries adaptation of Ira Levin's best-selling horror novel of the same name.
 Zoe Saldana stars in the NBC production that is directed by Agnieszka Holland.
 Unlike earlier versions, it is set in Paris rather than New York.
 The work was not well received by critics, many of whom said that it was stretched to fill two two-hour timeslots.
 Although there are several notable changes, this miniseries is considered to be a fairly true updating of the original film adaptation.
Jerome Bernard Karabel (born 1950) is an American sociologist, political and social commentator, and Professor of Sociology at the University of California at Berkeley.
 He has written extensively on American institutions of higher education and on various aspects of social policy and history in the United States, often from a comparative perspective.
Gerome Ragni (born Jerome Bernard Ragni; September 11, 1935 – July 10, 1991) was an American actor, singer and songwriter, best known as the co-author of the groundbreaking 1960s musical "".
Jerome Bernard "Jerry" Orbach (October 20, 1935 – December 28, 2004) was an American actor and singer, described at the time of his death as "one of the last" bona fide" leading men of the Broadway musical and global celebrity on television" and a "versatile stage and film actor".
Never Gonna Dance is a Broadway musical featuring the music of Jerome Kern.
 The musical was based on the 1936 Fred Astaire/Ginger Rogers film "Swing Time".
 Lyricists include Oscar Hammerstein, Ira Gershwin, P. G. Wodehouse, Bernard Dougall, Johnny Mercer, Jimmy McHugh, Otto Harbach, and Dorothy Fields.
