Daniel J. Goor (born April 28, 1975) is a writer, who has written for several comedy talk shows including "The Daily Show", "Last Call with Carson Daly" and "Late Night with Conan O'Brien".
 He also worked as a writer, producer, and director for NBC primetime series "Parks and Recreation".
 He is currently serving as executive-producer and co-creator of the FOX primetime series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine".
Brooklyn Nine-Nine is an American police sitcom that premiered on Fox on September 17, 2013, garnering 6.17 million viewers.
 Created by Dan Goor and Michael Schur, the series revolves around Jake Peralta (Andy Samberg), an immature but talented NYPD detective in Brooklyn's 99th Precinct, who comes into immediate conflict with his new commanding officer, the serious and stern Captain Raymond Holt (Andre Braugher).
 The ensemble and supporting cast feature Stephanie Beatriz as Rosa Diaz, Terry Crews as Terrence "Terry" Jeffords, Melissa Fumero as Amy Santiago, Joe Lo Truglio as Charles Boyle, Chelsea Peretti as Regina "Gina" Linetti, Dirk Blocker as Michael Hitchcock and Joel McKinnon Miller as Norman "Norm" Scully.
"Brooklyn Nine-Nine" is a sitcom which premiered in September 2013.
 The show revolves around the fictional 99th Precinct of the New York Police Department, located in Brooklyn.
James Michael Connor (born June 16, 1960 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American actor who, making his film debut as a supporting character in the 1976 science fiction film "Futureworld", has played recurring characters on several television series including "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "The King of Queens", and "FCU: Fact Checkers Unit" (2010), as well as guest appearances on "The X-Files", "The Drew Carey Show", "Desperate Housewives", "Gilmore Girls", "Rules of Engagement" (2010), and "Scrubs" (2002).
 More recently, Connor has appeared on TV in "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" (2013-2014), "Community" (2012-2014), "Franklin & Bash" (2014), and "Parks and Recreation" (2012-2015).
Michael Herbert "Mike" Schur (born October 29, 1975) is an American television producer and writer, best known for his work on the NBC comedy series "The Office" and "Parks and Recreation", the latter of which he co-created along with Greg Daniels.
 He also co-created the FOX comedy series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine", and created the NBC comedy series "The Good Place".
 Schur is also known for his small role on "The Office" as Mose Schrute, the cousin of Dwight Schrute.
Kenneth Joseph "Ken" Marino (born December 19, 1968) is an American actor, comedian, director, and screenwriter.
 He was a cast member on MTV's "The State" and has starred in shows such as "Party Down", "Marry Me", "Burning Love", "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" and "Childrens Hospital".
Chelsea Vanessa Peretti (born February 20, 1978) is an American comedian, actress, and writer.
 She is best known for portraying Gina Linetti on the Fox comedy series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine". "
Paste" ranked her Twitter account #75 on "The 75 Best Twitter Accounts of 2014".
Joseph "Joe" Lo Truglio (born December 2, 1970) is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, and writer best known for his performance as Charles Boyle on the Fox sitcom "Brooklyn Nine-Nine".
 Lo Truglio is also known for his roles in the television series "The State" and "Reno 911!
"; films such as "Wet Hot American Summer", "Superbad", "Paul", "Role Models", "Wanderlust"; and his role as Vincenzo Cilli in "".
"Brooklyn Nine-Nine" is an American comedy series which premiered on September 17, 2013, on Fox.
 The series, created by Dan Goor and Michael Schur, follows a team of detectives and a newly appointed captain in the 99th Precinct of the New York City Police Department in Brooklyn.
 The fourth season premiered on September 20, 2016, and included a one-hour crossover with "New Girl" that aired on October 11.
Marc Evan Jackson (born August 21, 1970) is an American comedian and actor best known for his work as Sparks Nevada in the "Thrilling Adventure Hour", Kevin Cozner in "Brooklyn Nine-Nine", Trevor Nelsson in "Parks and Recreation", and Dr. Murphy in "22 Jump Street".
