Princess Yolanda of Savoy (1 June 1901 – 16 October 1986) was the eldest daughter of King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy and his wife Queen Elena of Montenegro, and the sister of Umberto II, the last king of Italy.
Drusilla of Mauretania (Greek: Δρουσίλλη) may be the Drusilla mentioned by Tacitus as a granddaughter of Antonius and Cleopatra.
 If so, she would have been a princess of Mauretania, the youngest child of queen Cleopatra Selene II and king Juba II and a sister to king Ptolemy of Mauretania.
 Her birthdate is uncertain but is thought to be about 8 BCE.
Philip (died June 1331 ) was the second eldest son of Prince Philip I of Taranto and Thamar Angelina Komnene.
 His older brother, Charles, died in 1315.
 On 19 April 1319, his father granted him the title of Despot of Romania, which actually corresponded to rule over a small part of Albania, but also to the Prince of Taranto's claim on the Despotate of Epirus to the south.
 In May 1321, Philip was engaged to Beatrice, daughter of Count Louis I of Clermont.
 She brought as her dowry the 40,000 "livres tournois", which Louis had agreed to pay Duke Odo IV of Burgundy in exchange for Odo's claim to the Principality of Achaea.
 Instead, Prince Philip had arranged to purchase Odo's rights for the same amount and marry his son to Louis's daughter.
 The engagement with Beatrice was canceled by 1329, when Philip married Violante (Yolanda), daughter of King James II of Aragon.
 In 1328, Philip's father decided to send a fleet to conquer the Despotate of Epirus.
 The fleet finally embarked in 1329.
 The younger Philip got as far as Nafpaktos, but on the eve of launching the land expedition, he died.
 Philip predeceased his father.
 Violante, his widow, died in 1353.
Victor Emmanuel III (Italian: "Vittorio Emanuele III" , Albanian: "Viktor Emanueli III" ; 11 November 1869 – 28 December 1947) was the King of Italy from 29 July 1900 until his abdication on 9 May 1946.
 In addition, he claimed the thrones of Ethiopia and Albania as Emperor of Ethiopia (1936–41) and King of the Albanians (1939–43), claims not recognised by the other great powers.
 During his long reign (nearly 46 years), which began after the assassination of his father Umberto I, the Kingdom of Italy became involved in two World Wars.
 His reign also encompassed the birth, rise, and fall of Italian Fascism.
Princess Maria Pia of Bourbon-Parma (née Princess Maria Pia of Savoy; born 24 September 1934) is the eldest daughter of Umberto II of Italy and Marie-José of Belgium.
 She is the older sister of Princess Maria Gabriella of Savoy, Vittorio Emanuele, Prince of Naples, and Princess Maria Beatrice of Savoy.
Jolanda di Savoia is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Ferrara in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 70 km northeast of Bologna and about 30 km east of Ferrara.
 Founded as Le Venezie in 1903, it took its current name (from that of Princess Yolanda of Savoy) in 1911.
Marie Jeanne of Savoy (Marie Jeanne Baptiste; 11 April 1644 – 15 March 1724) was born a Princess of Savoy and became the Duchess of Savoy by marriage.
 First married by proxy to Charles of Lorraine in 1662, Lorraine soon refused to recognise the union and it was annulled.
 She married Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy in 1665 who was her kinsman.
 The mother of the future Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia who saw the elevation of the House of Savoy to kings, she styled herself as Madama Reale or Madame Royale.
 She acted as Regent of Savoy from 1675 in the name of her son Victor Amadeus II, who was her husband's successor.
 Her regency officially ended in 1680, but she maintained power until her son banished her from further influence in the state in 1684.
 She left a considerable architectural legacy in Turin, and was responsible for the remodelling of the Palazzo Madama, which was her private residence.
 At the time of her death she was the mother of the King of Sardinia as well as great grandmother of two other kings, Louis I of Spain and Louis XV of France.
Boniface of Savoy (c. 1217 – 18 July 1270) was a medieval Bishop of Belley in France and Archbishop of Canterbury in England.
 He was the son of Thomas, Count of Savoy, and owed his initial ecclesiastical posts to his father.
 Other members of his family were also clergymen, and a brother succeeded his father as count.
 One niece was married to King Henry III of England and another was married to King Louis IX of France.
 It was Henry who secured Boniface's election as Archbishop, and throughout his tenure of that office he spent much time on the continent.
 He clashed with his bishops, with his nephew-by-marriage, and with the papacy, but managed to eliminate the archiepiscopal debt which he had inherited on taking office.
 During Simon de Montfort's struggle with King Henry, Boniface initially helped Montfort's cause, but later supported the king.
 After his death in Savoy, his tomb became the object of a cult, and he was eventually beatified in 1839.
Italians of Ethiopia are the emigrants and colonists from Italy who moved to live in Ethiopia as far back as the 19th century, and their descendants.
 King Menelik II did not allow the sale of lands belonging to Ethiopia to Italians (Eritrea) and probably allowed France (Djibouti) to solidify his centralized power and have external trading partners.
 There was a subsequent exchange of ideas, farming techniques, education and technology between the Italians and Ethiopians during most of this period, including transportation—most notably the Italian engineers who helped to architect an build the aqueducts and rail system for Ethiopia's railway system from the new capital, Addis Ababa to then French controlled Djibouti port.
 However, the relationship was often marked by the fact that under various treaties written in both Amharic and Italian, the Italian version always referred to Ethiopia as a protectorate of Italy.
 Most of the Italians moved to Ethiopia after the Italian conquest of Abyssinia in 1936.
The Albanian Kingdom (Gheg Albanian: "Mbretnija Shqiptare", Standard Albanian: "Mbretëria Shqiptare", Italian: "Regno albanese" ), also known as Greater Albania, existed as a protectorate of the Kingdom of Italy.
 It was practically a union between Italy and Albania, officially led by Italy's King Victor Emmanuel III and its government: Albania was led by Italian governors, after being militarily occupied by Italy, from 1939 until 1943.
 During this time, Albania ceased to exist as an independent country and remained as an autonomous part of the Italian Empire led by Italian government officials, who intended to make Albania part of a Greater Italy by assimilating Albanians as Italians and colonizing Albania with Italian settlers from the Italian Peninsula to transform it gradually into an Italian land.
