Martial arts film is a film genre.
 A subgenre of the action film, martial arts films contain numerous martial arts fights between characters.
 They are usually the films' primary appeal and entertainment value, and often are a method of storytelling and character expression and development.
 Martial arts are frequently featured in training scenes and other sequences in addition to fights.
 Martial arts films commonly include other types of action, such as hand-to-hand combats, stuntwork, chases, and gunfights.
Mixed Martial Arts Pakistan (or PAK MMA) is the premiere mixed martial arts (MMA) and martial arts promotion based in Pakistan that was created in December 2007 by Bashir Ahmad to promote martial arts (and martial sports such as boxing and wrestling) styles in Pakistan with a particular focus on mixed martial arts competition.
Casanova Wong, also known as Ka Sat Fat (卡薩伐), is a former Korean martial arts actor born in 1945 as Yong-ho Kim in Gimje, South Korea.
 An expert in tae kwon do, he is a leg-fighter, and is well known for his spin kicks and was nicknamed "The Human Tornado" in the Republic of Korea Army.
 He made many appearances in martial arts movies but is most remembered for his role as Cashier Hua in "Warriors Two", where he starred alongside Sammo Hung, with whom he worked several times.
 Other films included "Story of Drunken Master" and "Rivals of the Silver Fox".
 One of Wong's last notable movie appearances was as Kang-ho in the 1994 Korean movie "Bloody Mafia".
Johnny Cage is a fictional character from the "Mortal Kombat" fighting game franchise.
 He debuted as one of the series' original seven characters in the first "Mortal Kombat", and has since become a staple of the series.
 Created as a parody of martial arts actor and famous karate practitioner Jean-Claude Van Damme, Cage is a cocky and overconfident martial arts film actor who provides the comic relief of the franchise.
 He became a more layered character in "Mortal Kombat X", which introduced his and Sonya Blade's daughter Cassie Cage.
Jean-Claude Camille François Van Varenberg (born 18 October 1960), professionally known as Jean-Claude Van Damme and abbreviated as JCVD, is a Belgian actor, martial artist, screenwriter, film producer, and director best known for his martial arts action films.
 The most successful of these films include "Bloodsport" (1988), "Kickboxer" (1989), "Lionheart" (1990), "Double Impact" (1991), "Universal Soldier" (1992), "Hard Target" (1993), "Street Fighter" (1994), "Timecop" (1994), "Sudden Death" (1995), "JCVD" (2008) and "The Expendables 2" (2012).
Kane Kosugi (ケイン・コスギ , Kein Kosugi ) , born Takeshi Kosugi (小杉 健 , Kosugi Takeshi , born October 11, 1974, in Los Angeles, California) , is an American martial artist and martial arts actor of direct Japanese and Chinese descent.
 He is the son of martial arts film star Sho Kosugi.
 In Japan, Kosugi is considered "gaijin tarento" (foreign talent) due to his Nisei (second generation foreign born) heritage.
James Jene Fae Lew (born September 6, 1952) is an American martial arts actor.
 He has made 80 on-screen film and television appearances and 46 more as a stunt coordinator or stunt double.
 He has done choreography for movies like "Get Smart", "Killers" and the cult classic "Big Trouble In Little China", as well as television shows such as "National Geographic's Fight Science", "The Crow" and "Entourage".
 He does Shaolin Kung-Fu, Tae Kwon Do, Jeet Kune Do, Hapkido, and Boxing.
 He also trained Brad Pitt with sword fighting for the movie "Troy".
Hybrid martial arts, also known as hybrid fighting systems or sometimes eclectic martial arts or freestyle fighting, refer to martial arts or fighting systems that incorporate techniques and theories from several particular martial arts (eclecticism).
 While numerous martial arts borrow or adapt from other arts and to some extent could be considered hybrids, a "hybrid martial art" emphasizes its disparate origins.
Jet Li: Rise to Honor is a video game released in 2004 for the PlayStation 2.
 The game features the likeness, voice acting and motion capture work of martial arts actor Jet Li, and features martial arts choreography by Corey Yuen.
Taimak (pronounced Tie-Mock) Guarriello (born June 27, 1964) is a martial arts actor and stuntman, best known for his role as Leroy Green in the 1985 martial arts film "The Last Dragon".
