Ghostlights is the seventh full-length album by Tobias Sammet's rock opera project Avantasia.
 It was released on 29 January 2016.
 The opening track and first single "Mystery of a Blood Red Rose" was a candidate for the German representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 2016, along with nine other songs.
 The Digibook edition of the album included a bonus track and a bonus CD entitled "Avantasia Live", which featured songs recorded mainly during Avantasia's 2014 performance at Wacken Open Air Festival.
Dezperadoz (formerly "Desperados") is a German "Western-metal" band and is the side-project of Tom Angelripper's guitarist Alex Kraft.
 The band plays heavy metal music that is heavily influenced by the soundtracks of the 1960s and 1970s Spaghetti western movies.
 They've released four albums, two on the German heavy metal record label AFM.
 They've also had guest appearances by many notable heavy metal musicians including Michael Weikath, Tobias Sammet, Joacim Cans, and Doro Pesch.
New Era is the debut album of Finnish power metal pioneer Timo Tolkki's band, Revolution Renaissance.
 After Tolkki's split from Stratovarius in 2008 he used what fan's knew the album to be titled "R..
.
 R..
."
 as the namesake for his new project.
 Using material he had written for Stratovarius's upcoming album, Tolkki's "New Era" features the talents of German power metal vocalist Tobias Sammet and German singer Michael Kiske among others.
Sign of Truth is the first album by Swedish/German power metal band Dionysus.
 It was recorded at the Röhn Studio in Fulda, Germany, which is best known for its productions with Edguy and Avantasia, by Tobias Sammet and mixed by Tommy Newton (Keeper of the Seven Keys, Part 1 & 2).
The Mystery of Time is the sixth full-length album by Tobias Sammet's rock opera project Avantasia.
 The album was released on 26 April 2013.
 This is the first Avantasia release to feature the German Film Orchestra Babelsberg (the same orchestra that performed on Edguy's album "Hellfire Club").
 The cover artwork was painted by Rodney Matthews.
The Scarecrow is the third full-length album by Tobias Sammet's rock opera project Avantasia, released on January 25, 2008, through Nuclear Blast Records.
 It is the first part of "The Wicked Trilogy" and it is followed by "The Wicked Symphony" and "Angel of Babylon".
 Sammet explained in a 2016 interview that he managed to have Alice Cooper after drummer Eric Singer asked him.
 Cooper requested to have a listen to the song first and then accepted to be part of it.
Elected is the first EP by progressive metal project Ayreon, owned by Dutch musician Arjen Anthony Lucassen.
 It was released on 25 April 2008 in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, and on 28 April in the rest of Europe.
 It features the guest performance of German singer Tobias Sammet, from Avantasia and Edguy.
Monuments is a compilation album by the German power metal band Edguy, released on 14 July 2017.
 The album was released as a two-CD/DVD package including 22 old songs, five new songs, and a previously unreleased song from the original "Savage Poetry" recordings back in 1995.
 The package also includes a two-hour DVD and a photobook.
 Frontman Tobias Sammet wrote two of the new songs on his own, while guitarists Jens Ludwig, Dirk Sauer and bassist Tobias Exxel co-wrote each of the other three.
Tobias "Eggi" Exxel (born 27 February 1973) is the current bass player for the power metal band Edguy.
 Tobias was hired by Edguy in 1998 when vocalist Tobias Sammet, who had played bass since the band's formation in 1992, decided the band should have someone who could focus on playing the instrument full-time.
Tobias Sammet (21 November 1977) is a German musician, singer, songwriter and music producer best known for being the founder the Rock Opera Project Avantasia and singer and primary songwriter of the Heavy Metal band Edguy.
