Seven Churches is the debut album by American death metal band Possessed.
 The title of the album refers to the Seven Churches of Asia mentioned in the Book of Revelation.
 "The Exorcist" begins with producer Randy Burns' version of Mike Oldfield's "Tubular Bells", arranged and performed as it was in the 1973 horror film of the same name.
 About.com ranked the album first in its list of "10 Essential Death Metal albums".
The UB40 File is a compilation album of all of UB40's 1980 Graduate recordings.
 The album first appeared as a double vinyl LP in 1985 and features all the tracks from "Signing Off" on Record One, the 3 tracks from the 12" single that accompanied "Signing Off" on the first side of Record Two with the tracks released as singles that didn't feature on the debut album on side 2.
The Butcher and the Butterfly is the third studio album by English alternative rock band Queenadreena, released in May 2005 though One Little Indian and Imperial Records.
 The album features writing from frontwoman KatieJane Garside, guitarist Crispin Gray, and drummer Pete Howard, as well as contributions from Garside's sister, Melanie Garside, who also plays bass on the album.
 Richard Adams, the bassist of Garside and Gray's former band, Daisy Chainsaw, also has a co-writing credit on one track.
Generationals are an American new wave duo formed in New Orleans, Louisiana.
 The duo, consisting of Ted Joyner and Grant Widmer, released their debut album, "Con Law", in July 2009.
 An EP, "Trust", followed in November 2010.
 Their second full-length album, "Actor-Caster" was released on March 29, 2011.
 The band's third album, "Heza", was released April 2, 2013 (their debut for Polyvinyl Records).
Edward is an EP from London singer-songwriter Emma-Lee Moss, better known as Emmy the Great, released on August 10, 2009 on UK indie label Close Harbour Records.
 It is a collection of songs written before the release of her debut album First Love but not recorded in the album sessions.
 Moss stated on her MySpace page that after playing these songs on tour, she was reminded of the joys of song-writing, and inspired to record the songs for a spontaneous release.
More UB40 Music is a compilation album of all of UB40's 1980 Graduate recordings.
 The album first appeared as a Dutch import on double vinyl LP (cat no.
 GRADLP 44) and cassette (cat no.
 GRADMC 44) in 1983 and features all the tracks from "Signing Off", the three tracks from the 12" single that accompanied "Signing Off" along with the tracks released as singles that didn't feature on the debut album.
 The tracks from their 2nd and 3rd double A-side singles are all included in their 12" extended versions.
Skynyrd's First and...Last was the original name of the posthumous compilation album first released in 1978 by the rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
 The original 1978 version of the album is now out of print.
 In 1998, it was repackaged, renamed and re-released as Skynyrd's First: The Complete Muscle Shoals Album, which was expanded to include eight additional tracks – four of which were previously unreleased and four which would appear on "(Pronounced 'Lĕh-'nérd 'Skin-'nérd)".
 As the renamed title suggests, the album was recorded at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio in Alabama.
 This album was originally planned to be their debut album before getting shelved, making "(Pronounced 'Lĕh-'nérd 'Skin-'nérd)" their actual debut.
 The album was certified Gold on 9/8/78 and Platinum on 11/10/78 by the RIAA.
Berry Berry Singles is an album by Nana Kitade, released in November 2007.
 It is her first compilation album, and it features the singles "Kesenai Tsumi", "Kiss or Kiss", and the single "Antoinette Blue", and more for nine songs total.
 Also features three bonus tracks including a reworking of "Kesenai Tsumi" and "Alice" with former Megadeth guitarist Marty Friedman and a cover of Daisy Chainsaw's "Love Your Money".
 Limited edition includes bonus DVD with documentary footage of Nana's performance in Paris and an interview of her and Marty Friedman.
Daisy Chainsaw were an English alternative rock band, active between 1989 and 1995.
 They originally featured KatieJane Garside as lead vocalist and lyricist on the band's early EPs and debut album, "Eleventeen" (1992), before her departure in 1993.
 The band's live performances were noted for their wild histrionics, often featuring Garside onstage drilling doll heads and drinking juice from baby bottles.
 Following Garside's departure, the group's second album and subsequent EPs featured Belinda Leith on vocals, until the band's breakup in 1995.
 Guitarist Crispin Gray and Garside would later reunite to form Queenadreena in 1999.
Funky Town (stylized FuNKYToWN) is the debut studio album by Kenyan alternative hip hop group Camp Mulla.
 It was released on September 29, 2012.
 News of the album first came out on the group's WordPress blog on 17 April 2012, the same day the music video for "Hold It Down", the first single from the album, was released on YouTube.
