Kutch Bustard Sanctuary or Kachchh Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary, also known as Lala–Parjan Sanctuary, is located near Jakhau village in Nalia Taluka, Kutch District, Gujarat, India.
 This sanctuary is one of the two great Indian bustard sanctuaries in Gujarat; the other one is in Jamnagar.
 It was declared as a sanctuary in July 1992, specifically for the conservation of the great Indian bustard, the heaviest flying bird belonging to the avian family of Otididae.
 However, the sanctuary presently legally covers a protected area of about 2 km2 of area (202.86 ha of fenced land only and is the smallest sanctuary in the country.
 Several suggestions have been made to vastly increase the size of this sanctuary as it is a breeding ground of the endangered great Indian bustard.
 The reason is that its ecological zone is much larger on account of anthropogenic and cattle population pressure that are considered as a ‘biotic threat’ to this omnivorous species.
The Shawnee Trail was the white settlers' name for an American Indian trail in what is now eastern West Virginia, USA.
 It was a segment (or branch) of the much larger Indian trail network known as the Great Indian Warpath, which stretched from New York to Alabama.
 The GIW was referred to from this point north as the "Seneca Trail".
 Thus, in pioneer days, the segment known as the Shawnee Trail was often also referred to as the Seneca Trail.
Warriors' Path State Park is a 950 acre (3.84 km²) Tennessee State Park in Colonial Heights, Kingsport, Sullivan County, Tennessee, in the United States.
 It is named for the Great Indian Warpath that was used by the Iroquois in war raids with the Cherokee and other tribes.
 The park is located around the Fort Patrick Henry Reservoir and Duck Island on the South Fork Holston River.
 This land was acquired from the Tennessee Valley Authority in 1952.
Gustaf Dalstrom (1893-1971) was an American artist and muralist.
 From 1927, he served as president of the Chicago Society of Artists.
 During the Great Depression he contributed several mural paintings to public schools and post offices through the Treasury Department Section of Painting and Sculpture (later called The Treasury Section of Fine Arts).
 One of his murals that can still be viewed today is The Great Indian Council - 1833.
 The mural was originally featured in 1938, paired with a mural his wife, Frances Foy, created in The Old Main Post Office of Chicago.
 "The Great Indian Council - 1833" can be viewed in the current location of the South Loop Post Office in Chicago, Illinois.
Originally The Great Indian Comedy Show, The Comedy Show ha ha ha is a half-hour stand-up and sketch comedy show in Hindi.
 The program was first aired in October 2004.
 The program, hosted by various members of the ensemble, others to host include: winners of The Great Indian Laughter Challenge.
 In 2007, the program was renamed hanso India hanso due to confusion between "The Great Indian Comedy Show" and "The Great Indian Laughter Challenge".
The Texas Road, also known as the Shawnee Trail, Sedalia Trail or the Kansas Trail, was a major trade and emigrant route to Texas across Indian Territory (later Oklahoma, Kansas and Missouri).
 Established during the Mexican War by emigrants rushing to Texas, it remained an important route across Indian Territory until Oklahoma statehood.
 The Shawnee Trail was the earliest and easternmost route by which Texas Longhorn cattle were taken to the north.
 It played a significant role in the history of Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri and Kansas in the early and mid-1800s.
The Great Indian Warpath (GIW)—also known as the Great Indian War and Trading Path, or the Seneca Trail—was that part of the network of trails in eastern North America developed and used by Native Americans which ran through the Great Appalachian Valley.
 The system of footpaths (the Warpath branched off in several places onto alternate routes and over time shifted westward in some regions) extended from what is now upper New York state to deep within Alabama.
 Various Indians traded and made war along the trails, including the Catawba, numerous Algonquian tribes, the Cherokee, and the Iroquois Confederacy.
 The British traders' name for the route was derived from combining its name among the northeastern Algonquian tribes, "Mishimayagat" or "Great Trail", with that of the Shawnee and Delaware, "Athawominee" or "Path where they go armed".
The Catawba Trail is a trail developed and used by Native Americans that leads from the Carolinas northerly into Ohio, Indiana and Pennsylvania.
 Its several branches led from western Virginia, through West Virginia, Kentucky, and eastern Tennessee.
 It is a part of the Great Indian Warpath.
 Its South Carolina and North Carolina origination passes through the Unaka Mountains and the Allegheny Mountains.
U.S. Route 219 is a spur of U.S. Route 19.
 It runs for 535 mi from West Seneca, New York at an interchange with Interstate 90, to Rich Creek, Virginia, intersecting at U.S. Route 460.
 U.S. 219 is found (from north to south) in New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, and Virginia.
 Much of the Route in West Virginia follows the old Indian warpath known as the Seneca Trail (Great Indian Warpath).
Warriors Path State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on 349 acre in Liberty Township, Bedford County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 It is named for the Great Indian Warpath that was used by the Iroquois in war raids with the Cherokee and other tribes.
 Warriors Path State Park is surrounded on three sides by the Raystown Branch Juniata River.
 The park is a seasonal day use park.The park can be accessed by foot from the main gate when the gate is closed November through mid April.
