The Schumann–Runge bands are a set of absorption bands of molecular oxygen that occur at wavelengths between 176 and 192.6 nanometres.
 The bands are named for Victor Schumann and Carl Runge.
In complex analysis, Runge's theorem (also known as Runge's approximation theorem) is named after the German mathematician Carl Runge who first proved it in the year 1885.
 It states the following:
Da Crime Posse was one well-known group in the genre of Oriental Hip Hop in Germany.
 The group was composed of two Turkish people (M.Ali and InceEfe), one German person (Olcay/Ole), and one Cuban person (Babalu).
 In his essay addressing the development of hip-hop in Germany, author Timothy S. Brown suggests that many musical groups in Germany are adopting a sort of “symbolic ethnicity” which asserts that one “does not necessarily have to be Turkish” to assume the Turkish identity.
 Furthermore, a scholar named Dietmar Elfein has cited Da Crime Posse as an example of how the “Turkish identity proposed is a mythological one” in the sense that one did not necessarily have to be Turkish to assume this symbolic ethnicity.
 Perhaps one of the most important musical collaborations that Da Crime Posse has taken part in has been that with Karakan and Erci E.
 Cina-i Sebeke (of Da Crime Posse) was the individual who met fellow Turkish hip-hop artists Karakan and Erci-E and spurred their musical collaboration.
 Together, they established the legendary group Cartel and released a compilation album in 1995.
 The only single from their self-titled album, composed by Big Porno Ahmet, brought the biggest success in the history of Turkish hip-hop.
 With this unexpected success, they achieved Gold and Platinum status (plus many more awards) by selling more than 2,250,000 copies.
HMS "Ivanhoe" was an I-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1930s.
 During the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939, the ship enforced the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides as part of the Mediterranean Fleet.
 Before the start of World War II, the ship was modified so that she could be used to lay mines by removing some of her armament.
 "Ivanhoe" was transferred to Western Approaches Command shortly after the war began and helped to sink one German submarine in October 1939.
 She was converted to a minelayer while undergoing a refit in November–December and laid minefields in German coastal waters as well as anti-submarine minefields off the British coast until she was reconverted back to her destroyer configuration in February 1940.
 "Ivanhoe" reverted to her minelaying role during the Norwegian Campaign in April 1940 and then laid a number of minefields off the Dutch coast during the Battle of the Netherlands in May.
 The ship participated in the Dunkirk evacuation until she was badly damaged by German aircraft on 1 June.
 On her first minelaying mission after her repairs were completed, she struck a German mine and had to be scuttled on 1 September 1940 during the Texel Disaster.
Max Coyne was a young man who ran messages through Bordeaux for the French Resistance during the Second World War.
 One day he was stopped by German soldiers whilst carrying messages.
 He managed to steal a gun and shoot one German, injuring him.
 The soldiers gave chase, caught and shot Max.
 He was seventeen years old.
 There is now a street in Bordeaux named after Max (rue Max Coyne, 33100).
The Combat Commander's Kagitingan (K) Badge is awarded by the Commanding General, PA to PA officers and enlisted personnel who have commanded combat and combat support units for at least one cumulative year; all other PA military personnel who have rendered at least one cumulative year of combat duty regardless of their assignment, including those engaged in combat service support operations.
 Corresponding honorary badges may maybe awarded to all other personnel from the PAF, PN, and PMC who have been assigned to units engaged in combat, combat support, combat support operations for at least one cumulative year, regardless of duty assignment or position.
Robert Schumann in Three Pieces is the collective title given to three works, composed for the "Avenue A" ensemble by the British composer, Matthew King.
 Together, they constitute a musical portrait of the German Romantic composer, Robert Schumann.
 The first piece, entitled "Ash on the Ground" is a passacaglia in which various compositions by Schumann are quoted; the second piece, entitled "Love in a Life" has a soprano soloist, and is a miniature song cycle to texts by Robert Schumann himself, along with poems by Robert Browning and Elizabeth Barrett Browning.
 It has been described, by one critic, as "rich and sumptuous, with some spine-tingling moments" the third piece, entitled "Night Phantoms and Rocking Horses" is a rapid musical survey of Schumann's piano music at a furious galloping tempo.
 The work ends with fragments of celeste and percussion sounding like a wound-down music box.
Mollie's Nipple or Molly's Nipple is the name given to as many as seven peaks, at least one butte, at least one well, and some other geological features in Utah.
 Some sources claim there are eleven geological features in Utah that bear this name.
 At least some of those names are attributed to John Kitchen – a pioneer of an early exploration of Utah, who named them to commemorate a nipple of his wife (or his bride according to some sources) Molly.
This is a complete list of all of New Zealand's national cricket captains at official international level.
 As such it includes details of all the men who have captained at least one Test match or One Day International, all boys who have captained in at least one Youth Test or Youth ODI, and all women who have captained at least one women's Test match or women's one-day international.
 New Zealand became a full member of the Imperial Cricket Conference (now the International Cricket Council) on 31 May 1926 at the same time as India were made up to full membership, and their first-class cricket matches against other full member nations since that date have been Tests.
HMS "Beagle" was a B-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy (RN) around 1930.
 Initially assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet, she was transferred to the Home Fleet in 1936.
 During World War II, the ship spent the bulk of the war on escort duty, participating in the Norwegian Campaign, the Battle of the Atlantic, Operation Torch, the Russian Convoys, and in the Normandy landings before accepting the surrender of the German garrison of the Channel Islands the day after the formal German surrender on 9 May together with another ship.
 One exception to this pattern was when she helped to evacuate British soldiers and civilians during the Battle of France in 1940.
 During the war, "Beagle" assisted in sinking one German submarine and claimed to have shot down two German aircraft.
 Redundant after the war, she was broken up for scrap in 1946.
