Albert Friedrich Speer (6 May 1863 – 31 March 1947) was a German architect.
 He was the father of the architect and NSDAP minister Albert Speer and the grandfather of the architect Albert Speer Jr.
Rudolf Wolters (August 3, 1903 – January 7, 1983) was a German architect and government official, known for his longtime association with fellow architect and Third Reich official Albert Speer.
 A friend and subordinate of Speer, Wolters received the many papers which were smuggled out of Spandau Prison for Speer while he was imprisoned there, and kept them for him until Speer was released in 1966.
 After Speer's release, the friendship slowly collapsed, Wolters objecting strongly to Speer's blaming of Hitler and other Nazis for the Jewish Holocaust and World War II, and they saw nothing of each other in the decade before Speer's death in 1981.
Albert Speer was a 2000 play by the British playwright David Edgar on the life of the Nazi-era architect Albert Speer, based on the book "Albert Speer: His Battle with Truth" by Gitta Sereny.
 It premiered that year at the Lyttelton auditorium of the Royal National Theatre, with the title role played by Alex Jennings and the role of Hitler played by Roger Allam.
Berthold Konrad Hermann Albert Speer ( ; ] ; March 19, 1905 – September 1, 1981) was a German architect who was, for most of World War II, Reich Minister of Armaments and War Production for Nazi Germany.
 Speer was Adolf Hitler's chief architect before assuming ministerial office.
 As "the Nazi who said sorry", he accepted moral responsibility at the Nuremberg trials and in his memoirs for complicity in crimes of the Nazi regime, while insisting he had been ignorant of the Holocaust.
Hilde Schramm (born 17 April 1936) is a German politician for Alliance '90/The Greens ("Bündnis 90/Die Grünen").
 Internationally she is best known as the daughter of the German architect, senior Nazi Party official Albert Speer (1905-1981), and younger sister of Albert Speer, Jr.
Speer und Er (literally "Speer and He", released as Speer and Hitler: The Devil's Architect) is a three-part German docudrama starring Sebastian Koch as Albert Speer and Tobias Moretti as Adolf Hitler.
 It mixes historical film material with reconstructions, as well as interviews with three of Speer's children, Albert Speer, Jr., Arnold Speer and Hilde Schramm.
The Greater Germanic Reich (German: "Großgermanisches Reich" ), fully styled the Greater Germanic Reich of the German Nation (German: "Großgermanisches Reich Deutscher Nation" ) is the official state name of the political entity that Nazi Germany tried to establish in Europe during World War II.
 Albert Speer stated in his memoirs that Hitler also referred to the envisioned state as the Teutonic Reich of the German Nation, although it is unclear whether Speer was using the now seldom used "Teutonic" as an English synonym for "Germanic".
 Hitler also mentions a future Germanic State of the German Nation (German: "Germanischer Staat Deutscher Nation" ) in "Mein Kampf".
Albert Speer (] ; 29 July 1934 – 15 September 2017) was a German architect and urban planner.
 He was the son of Albert Speer (1905–81), Adolf Hitler's chief architect before assuming the office of Minister of Armaments and War Production for the Third Reich during World War II.
 His grandfather, Albert Friedrich Speer, was also an architect.
Inside the Third Reich (German: "Erinnerungen" , "Memories") is a memoir written by Albert Speer, the Nazi Minister of Armaments from 1942 to 1945, serving as Adolf Hitler's main architect before this period.
 It is considered to be one of the most detailed descriptions of the inner workings and leadership of Nazi Germany but is controversial because of Speer's lack of discussion of Nazi atrocities and questions regarding his degree of awareness or involvement with them.
 First published in 1969, it appeared in English translation in 1970.
Spandau: The Secret Diaries (German: "Spandauer Tagebücher" ) is a 1975 book by Albert Speer.
 While it principally deals with Speer's time while incarcerated at Spandau Prison, it also contains much material on his role in the Third Reich and his relationship with Adolf Hitler.
 The book became a bestseller.
