The M34 White Phosphorus Smoke Grenade or "Willie Pete" was a chemical grenade manufactured by Rocky Mountain Arsenal from the late 1950s and used by U.S. forces during the Vietnam War and was also used during the First Gulf War.
 The M34 WP Grenade replaced the World War II M15 WP grenade.
 The M34 could be fired from a rifle grenade launcher using M2-series grenade launching adapters, which the groove around the tapered base allowing the adapter arms to grasp it.
 The M15 could not be fired as a rifle grenade.
 The M34 had a segmented body to allow for a better hand grip and to identify it as a casualty-producing grenade, even though it did not fragment.
 The smooth-bodied M15 was sometimes assumed to be a burning type smoke grenade as the AN-M8 white smoke and resulted in injuries.
The Type 98 Hand Grenade (九八式柄付手榴弾 , Kyūhachi-shiki etsuki teryūdan ) was a fragmentation hand grenade deployed by the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
 The explosive charge contained 3 oz (85 g) of picric acid (more powerful but less safe explosive than TNT).
 The weapon operated identically to the Type 23 (Chinese version of the German Model 24) stick grenade on which it was based, except that a pull ring was attached to the igniting cord, and the actual fuse delay itself was reduced to four to five seconds (varying from grenade to grenade).
The Granat zaczepny wz.24 (Polish for "Offensive grenade, Mark 1924") was a concussion grenade used by the Polish Army before and during World War II.
 The oval egg-shaped shell casing was made of thin sheet metal filled with picric acid or TNT.
 Initially used with a variety of fuses, since early 1930s the grenade was used with the standard Zapalnik wz.
 Gr.
 31 time fuse designed for the Defensive grenade wz.33.
 The grenade armed with the wz.
 Gr.
 31 fuse is sometimes referred to as wz.
 24/31 to distinguish it from the original wz.24 grenade armed with different fuses.
The Model 17 Eierhandgranate ("Egg grenade") is a small defensive and offensive hand grenade which was used by Germany during World War I.
 The average soldier could throw it 40 meters or farther.
 It was more portable than the heavier Kugelhandgranate and less awkward to handle than the Stick grenade.
 The body of the grenade was initially smooth and thus difficult to hold so the design was modified with the addition of a raised band to provide better grip.
The M7 grenade launcher, formally rifle grenade launcher, M7, was a 22 mm rifle grenade launcher attachment for the M1 Garand rifle that saw widespread use throughout World War II and the Korean War.
 The M7 was a tube-shaped device, with one end slotting over the barrel of the rifle, the other end holding the grenade in place.
 Blank cartridges were loaded into the rifle prior to firing.
 When fired, the expanding gases generated by the cartridges propelled the grenade forward with considerable force.
 The M7 could fire grenades up to 350 m , compared with the maximum of 30 m achieved by hand grenades.
The Stielhandgranate (Literally, German for "stalk hand grenade") was a German hand grenade of unique design.
 It was the standard issue of the German Empire during World War I and World War II in which became the infamously issue of Nazi Germany's Wehrmacht.
 The very distinctive appearance led to it being called a "stick grenade", or "potato masher" in British Army slang, and is today one of the most easily recognized infantry weapons of the 20th century.
The Model 1914 grenade ("Ручная граната образца 1914 года" > "Ruchnaya granata obraztsa 1914 goda", "Hand Grenade Pattern of year 1914") is a Russian stick concussion grenade (fragmentation grenade via an optional jacket) that was used during World War I and World War II.
The Grenade, Hand, Anti-tank, No. 75, also known as the Hawkins grenade was a British anti-tank hand grenade used during World War II.
 It was one of a number of grenades developed for use by the British Army and Home Guard in the aftermath of the Dunkirk evacuation.
 The grenade first appeared in 1942, and was designed to be more versatile than previous grenades, such as the Grenade, Hand, Anti-tank No. 73 and the Grenade, Hand, Anti-Tank, No. 74.
The Grenade, Hand, Anti-Tank No. 74, commonly known as the S.T. Grenade or sticky bomb, was a British hand grenade designed and produced during the Second World War.
 The grenade was one of a number of anti-tank weapons developed for use by the British Army and Home Guard as an "ad hoc" solution to a lack of sufficient anti-tank guns in the aftermath of the Dunkirk evacuation.
 Designed by a team from MIR(c) including Major Millis Jefferis and Stuart Macrae, the grenade consisted of a glass sphere containing an explosive made of nitroglycerin and additives (this added stability to the mix, as well as giving it its squash-head-like effect) covered in a strong adhesive and surrounded by a sheet-metal casing.
 When the user pulled a pin on the handle of the grenade, the casing would fall away and expose the sticky sphere.
 Pulling another pin would arm the firing mechanism and the user would then attempt to attach the grenade to an enemy tank or other vehicle.
 Letting go of the handle would release a lever that would activate a five-second fuse, which would then detonate the nitroglycerin.
The Grenade Projection Adapter was an expedient rifle grenade used by the American Military in World War II, Korea, and Vietnam.
 It consisted of an add-on 22mm stabilizer tube and fins that converted a hand-grenade into a rifle grenade.
 It was supplemented by the M17 rifle grenade, and eventually made obsolete by the 40 mm M79 grenade launcher.
