"Queer" is a song written and produced by alternative rock band Garbage for the band's self-titled debut album.
 The song started as a demo during sessions between band members Butch Vig, Duke Erikson and Steve Marker, and had its composition finished after singer Shirley Manson joined the band.
 Manson rewrote the sexualized lyrics to be more ambiguous, and rearranged the song into a subdued trip hop and rock crossover structure.
This is a discography of Scottish recording artist Shirley Manson, who has performed as the lead singer of American rock band shes pretty good but shes no David Bowie.
 Garbage since 1994.
 Before then, she was a backing vocalist and keyboard player for Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie from 1981 to 1992.
 The band had one UK Top 40 single, "The Rattler", and other moderately successful songs such as "Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie".
 Manson was then signed as a solo artist, performing under the name Angelfish with some members of Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie, releasing "Angelfish" in the early 1990s.
James Kerr (born 9 July 1959) is a Scottish musician and singer-songwriter, best known as lead singer of the rock band Simple Minds, who achieved five UK No. 1 albums and a No. 1 single "Belfast Child".
 He released his first solo album, "Lostboy!
 AKA Jim Kerr", on 27 May 2010.
 Kerr's voice has been described as "David Bowie's rich baritone melded with Bryan Ferry's velvety croon".
This is a discography of the Scottish musician Jim Kerr which includes one studio album and three hit singles.
 Kerr rose to fame during the 1980s as frontman of the popular rock group Simple Minds, who achieved their number one hit single with "Ballad of the Streets EP" and also achieved five number one studio albums.
 In 2010 Kerr embarked on a solo career and released his debut solo album "Lostboy!
 AKA Jim Kerr" which spawned three singles "Shadowland", "Refugee" and "She Fell In Love With Silence".
Lostboy!
 AKA Jim Kerr is Simple Minds front-man Jim Kerr's first solo album released on 17 May 2010.
 The album entered the UK charts at No. 94 on 29 May 2010 and UK Independent Chart at #8.
 The album has also made the charts in some other European areas, most notably Germany, Italy, France and Belgium.
Not Your Kind of People is the fifth studio album by American-Scottish alternative rock band Garbage.
 It was released on May 11, 2012 through the band's own record label, Stunvolume.
 The album marks the return of the band after a seven-year hiatus that started with previous album "Bleed Like Me".
 Guitarist Duke Erikson said at the launch of the record that "working with Garbage again was very instinctual.
 Like getting on a bicycle...with three other people."
 The band emphasized that they did not want to reinvent themselves, but embrace their sonic identity, reflecting their classic sound whilst updating it for 2012.
 Although Shirley Manson's morose dispositions have a presence on the record, many of the songs share a more optimistic outlook on life, influenced by some of Manson's personal experiences during their hiatus.
"Refugee" is the first track released from Simple Minds founding member and vocalist Jim Kerr's first solo album Lostboy!
 AKA Jim Kerr in early 2010, although "Shadowland" was the first official single release from the project.
 According to Jim Kerr the track was written three years earlier but never had been properly arranged before producer Jez Coad started to work on the song.
 A short, instrumental edit of the first opening bars could be heard on the first incarnation of the Lostboy!
 AKA website, the same snippet was also being used by Sky Sports as the theme for their live broadcast of the Scotland football game on March 4, 2010.
 The album version of the track "Refugee" was exclusively premiered on Billy Sloan's radio show of the March 7, 2010, along with an exclusive remix by Simon Hayward.
 Both of these tracks were then added to the Lostboy!
 AKA YouTube Channel.
 A week later (March 16t, 2010), the full album version of "Refugee" was made available as a download from the initial www.lostboyaka.com website as a "thank you" to fans.
Angelfish is the 1994 self-titled debut and only studio album released by Scottish alternative rock group Angelfish, fronted by Shirley Manson.
 The "Angelfish" album was born out of necessity when Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie's record distributor MCA expressed interest in recording an album with Manson on lead vocals rather than furthering its commitment to the Mackenzies.
 The Mackenzies' record label boss Gary Kurfirst signed Manson as a solo artist, with the remaining Mackenzies performing as her backing band to circumvent the band's existing deal with MCA.
"Shadowland" was released as the first official single from Simple Minds founding member and vocalist Jim Kerr's first solo album Lostboy!
 AKA Jim Kerr in early 2010.
 The song was written during Simple Minds' 2009 tour for the album Graffiti Soul.
 Although being the first single, "Shadowland" was the second track to be heard from the Lostboy!
 album, as "Refugee" had premiered on radio a week earlier.
 "Shadowlands received its world premiere by Billy Sloan on his Sunday night radio show on March 14, 2010 and then appeared on the Lostboy!
 AKA YouTube Channel the next day along with a remixed single version of the track.
Gary Kurfirst (8 July 1947 – 13 January 2009) was an American figure in late 20th and early 21st century popular music, working as a promoter, producer, manager, publisher, and record label executive.
 Kurfirst founded Radioactive Records, whose acts included Live, Black Grape, Jane's Addiction, the Ramones, Big Audio Dynamite, Talking Heads, Eurythmics and Shirley Manson.
 He managed a variety of artists including Manson, Blondie, Tom Tom Club, the Ramones, Jean Beauvoir, Eurythmics, Bob Marley and the Wailers, Toots and the Maytals, and The B-52s.
