Hugo Santiago was born Hugo Santiago Muchnick in 1939 in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
 He has lived in France since 1959.
 He studied Literature, Philosophy and Music.
 From 1959 to 1966 he was assistant director to Robert Bresson.
 In 1969 he made his first feature film "Invasión" in his native Argentina based on an idea by celebrated writers Adolfo Bioy Casares and Jorge Luis Borges, who also co-wrote the script.
 Adolfo Bioy Casares described the film in May 1969 as follows:
The Book of Fantasy is the second English translation of "Antología de la Literatura Fantástica", an anthology of appromixately 81 fantastic short stories, fragments, excerpts, and poems edited by Jorge Luis Borges, Adolfo Bioy Casares, and Silvina Ocampo.
 It was first published in Argentina in 1940, and revised in 1965 and 1976.
 Anthony Kerrigan previously translated the similar work Cuentos Breves y Extraordinarios as "Extraordinary Tales," published by Herder & Herder in 1971.
 The 1988 Viking Penguin edition for English-speaking countries includes a foreword by Ursula K. Le Guin.
Morel's Invention (Italian: "L'invenzione di Morel" ) is a 1974 Italian science fiction film directed by Emidio Greco and starring Anna Karina.
 It is based on the novel "The Invention of Morel" by Adolfo Bioy Casares.
H. Bustos Domecq (Honorio Bustos Domecq) is a pseudonym used for several collaborative works by the Argentine writers Jorge Luis Borges and Adolfo Bioy Casares.
La invención de Morel (] ; 1940) — translated as The Invention of Morel or Morel's Invention — is a novel by Argentine writer Adolfo Bioy Casares.
 It was Bioy Casares' breakthrough effort, for which he won the 1941 First Municipal Prize for Literature of the City of Buenos Aires.
 He considered it the true beginning of his literary career, despite being his seventh book.
 The first edition cover artist was Norah Borges, sister of Bioy Casares' lifelong friend, Jorge Luis Borges.
The Hero of Women (Spanish: El héroe de las mujeres) is a book by Argentine writer Adolfo Bioy Casares published in 1978.
 It is a collection of short stories and includes a work with that same name.
In Memoriam is the 1977 Spanish directorial debut of Enrique Brasó.
 The film is based on a story by the Argentine writer, Adolfo Bioy Casares.
 The film explores the thwarted romance between Julio (José Luis Gómez) and Paulina (Geraldine Chaplin).
 Brasó collaborated with Chaplin again, as a writer in "In the City Without Limits" (2002) and "Oculto" (2005).
 "In Memoriam" was released in Spain on 2 September 1977.
Adolfo Bioy Casares (] ; September 15, 1914 – March 8, 1999) was an Argentine fiction writer, journalist, and translator.
 He was a friend and frequent collaborator with his fellow countryman Jorge Luis Borges, and is the author of the fantastic fiction novel "The Invention of Morel".
Victoria Ocampo {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (7 April 189027 January 1979) was an Argentine writer and intellectual, described by Jorge Luis Borges as "La mujer más argentina" ("The quintessential Argentine woman").
 Best known as an advocate for others and as publisher of the legendary literary magazine "Sur", she was also a writer and critic in her own right and one of the most prominent South American women of her time.
 Her sister, Silvina Ocampo, also a writer, was married to Adolfo Bioy Casares.
La aventura de un fotógrafo en La Plata is an Argentine novel, written by Adolfo Bioy Casares.
 It was first published in 1985.
 In the prologue to the 2005 edition, the author admits that it is possible that the novel alludes, subconsciously, to the desaparecidos, stating, “I do not believe that one can have such a terrible nightmare and refrain from writing about it in the morning.”
