Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a 2014 American science fiction film directed by Matt Reeves and written by Mark Bomback, Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver.
 It stars Andy Serkis, Jason Clarke, Gary Oldman, Keri Russell, Toby Kebbell and Kodi Smit-McPhee.
 It is the sequel to the 2011 film "Rise of the Planet of the Apes", which began 20th Century Fox's reboot of the original "Planet of the Apes" series.
 "Dawn" is set ten years after the events of "Rise", and follows a group of people in San Francisco who struggle to stay alive in the aftermath of a plague that is wiping out humanity, while Caesar tries to maintain dominance over his community of intelligent apes.
Warcraft (alternatively known as Warcraft: The Beginning) is a 2016 American action fantasy film directed by Duncan Jones and written by Jones, Charles Leavitt, and Chris Metzen.
 It is based on the video game series of the same name and the novels set in the world of Azeroth.
 The film stars Travis Fimmel, Paula Patton, Ben Foster, Dominic Cooper, Toby Kebbell, Ben Schnetzer, Robert Kazinsky, Clancy Brown, and Daniel Wu.
 The film portrays the initial encounters between the humans and the orcs and takes place in a variety of locations established in the video game series.
Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 3D epic action adventure fantasy film that is a sequel to the 2010 film "Clash of the Titans".
 The film stars Sam Worthington, Rosamund Pike, Bill Nighy, Édgar Ramírez, Toby Kebbell, Danny Huston, Ralph Fiennes, and Liam Neeson, with Jonathan Liebesman directing a screenplay by Dan Mazeau and David Leslie Johnson.
 "Wrath of the Titans" takes place a decade after the events of the preceding film as the gods lose control over the imprisoned Titans (thanks to humanity's lack of prayers which also is draining their immortality) and Perseus is called, this time to rescue his father Zeus, overthrow the Titans, and save mankind.
Square Enix is a Japanese video game development and publishing company formed from the merger of video game developer Square and publisher Enix on April 1, 2003.
 The company is best known for its role-playing video game franchises, which include the "Final Fantasy" series, the "Dragon Quest" series, and the action role-playing "Kingdom Hearts" series.
 Since its inception, the company has developed or published hundreds of titles in various video game franchises on numerous gaming systems.
 Of its properties, the "Final Fantasy" franchise is the best-selling, with a total worldwide sales of over 110 million units.
 The "Dragon Quest" series has shipped over 66 million units worldwide and is one of the most popular video game series in Japan, while the "Kingdom Hearts" series has shipped over 22 million copies worldwide.
Fantastic Four (stylized as Fant4stic) is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name.
 It is the third theatrical "Fantastic Four" film to be produced and distributed by 20th Century Fox, and a reboot of the "Fantastic Four" film franchise.
 Directed by Josh Trank, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jeremy Slater and Simon Kinberg, the film stars Miles Teller, Michael B. Jordan, Kate Mara, Jamie Bell and Toby Kebbell.
 In "Fantastic Four", the team must learn to harness their superhuman abilities gained from an alternate universe to save Earth from a friend turned enemy.
War Horse is a 2011 British war drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay written by Lee Hall and Richard Curtis, adapted from English author Michael Morpurgo's 1982 novel of the same name.
 The film's cast includes Jeremy Irvine (in his film acting debut), Emily Watson, David Thewlis, Tom Hiddleston, Benedict Cumberbatch, Eddie Marsan, Niels Arestrup, Toby Kebbell, David Kross and Peter Mullan.
 Set before and during World War I, it tells of the journey of Joey, a bay Thoroughbred horse raised by British teenager Albert (Irvine), as he is bought by the British Army, leading him to encounter numerous individuals and owners throughout Europe, all the while experiencing the tragedies of the war happening around him.
Gold is a 2016 American crime drama film directed by Stephen Gaghan and written by Patrick Massett and John Zinman.
 The film stars Matthew McConaughey, Édgar Ramírez, Bryce Dallas Howard, Corey Stoll, Toby Kebbell, Craig T. Nelson, Stacy Keach and Bruce Greenwood.
 The film is loosely based on the true story of the 1993 Bre-X mining scandal, when a massive gold deposit was supposedly discovered in the jungles of Indonesia; however, for legal reasons and to enhance the appeal of the film, character names and story details were changed.
A Monster Calls is a 2016 dark fantasy drama film directed by J. A. Bayona and written by Patrick Ness, based on his novel of the same name.
 The film stars Sigourney Weaver, Felicity Jones, Toby Kebbell, Lewis MacDougall, and Liam Neeson, and tells the story of Conor (MacDougall), a child whose mother (Jones) is terminally ill; one night, he is visited by a giant tree-like monster (Neeson), who states that he will come back and tell Conor three stories.
Dead Man's Shoes is a 2004 British psychological thriller film written and directed by Shane Meadows, and co-written by Paddy Considine, who also starred in the lead role.
 The film co-stars Toby Kebbell, Gary Stretch and Stuart Wolfenden.
 The film was released in the United Kingdom on 1 October 2004.
 The film was shot in three weeks in the summer of 2003.
The Veteran is a 2011 British action film directed by Matthew Hope, featuring Toby Kebbell, Brian Cox, Tony Curran and Adi Bielski.
