Thrill of a Lifetime is a 1937 American comedy film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Seena Owen, Grant Garett and Paul Girard Smith.
 The film stars James V. Kern, Charles Adler, George Kelly, Billy Mann -- at the time a musical-comedy act called the Yacht Club Boys -- along with Judy Canova, Ben Blue and Eleanore Whitney.
Alias French Gertie is an American Pre-Code crime film directed by George Archainbaud, with a screenplay by Wallace Smith, based upon the unproduced play, "The Chatterbox" by Bayard Veiller.
 It starred Bebe Daniels and Ben Lyon, who were making their first on-screen appearance together.
 A copy of this film survives in the Library of Congress.
Campus Confessions is a 1938 American film directed by George Archainbaud, featuring Betty Grable in her first starring role, and American basketball player Hank Luisetti in his only film appearance.
Flying with Music is a 1942 American musical film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Louis S. Kaye and M. Coates Webster.
 The film stars Marjorie Woodworth, George Givot, William Marshall, Edward Gargan, Jerry Bergen and Norma Varden.
 The film was released on May 22, 1942, by United Artists.
Shooting Straight is a 1930 American pre-Code crime drama film, directed by George Archainbaud and starring the early RKO staple Richard Dix and Mary Lawlor.
 The screenplay was written by J. Walter Ruben, from Wallace Smith's adaptation of a story by Barney A. Sarecky (the producer's brother).
 It was one of the films that earned a positive return for RKO that year, turning a profit of $30,000.
Hoppy Serves a Writ is a 1943 Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring William Boyd as Hopalong Cassidy.
 The supporting cast features Andy Clyde, Victor Jory and George Reeves.
 The film remains noteworthy today as one of the earliest performances (his 3rd) of unshaven newcomer Robert Mitchum, who made an impression upon the studio by generating a surprising fan mail response exactly as Clark Gable had after playing an extremely similar unshaven role in "The Painted Desert", a Western starring William Boyd produced a dozen years earlier.
Cynthia Mort (born June 18, 1956) is an American director, screenwriter, and producer.
 Mort has worked primarily in television since beginning her career in 1994, writing for the sitcom "Roseanne".
 Her notable works include the HBO series "Tell Me You Love Me" as a creator and executive producer, the revenge film "The Brave One" (2007) as a screenwriter, and the biopic "Nina" (2016) as a director.
The Big Brain is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Sy Bartlett and Warren Duff.
 The film stars George E. Stone, Phillips Holmes, Fay Wray, Minna Gombell and Lilian Bond.
 The film was released on August 5, 1933, by RKO Pictures.
Arthur Roberts July 17, 1890 – February 5, 1961), also known as Arthur E. Roberts, was an American film editor who edited over 100 films during his almost 30 year career.
 He began ending towards the end of the silent era of the film industry, his first film being 1927's "The College Hero", directed by Walter Lang.
 His last film was Republic's "Lay That Rifle Down" in 1955, after which he spent a brief period as the editor for the television series, "Lassie", before retiring in 1956.
 During his career he would work with many famous directors, including Frank Capra (on several films, including "The Donovan Affair"), Lowell Sherman (on "The Royal Bed"), William Seiter (on several films, including "Way Back Home"), Edward Cline (on "Cracked Nuts"), George Cukor ("A Bill of Divorcement"), Dorothy Arzner (the first female member of the DGA, on "Christopher Strong"), Anthony Mann ("Strangers in the Night"), George Archainbaud ("Girls of the Big House"), Fritz Lang ("House by the River"),
Barbed Wire is a 1952 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Gene Autry, Anne James, and William Fawcett.
 Written by Gerald Geraghty, the film is about a cattle buyer who goes to Texas to investigate why the cattle trails to Kansas are blocked.
