Amy Newman is an American poet, critic and professor.
 She is the author of five collections of poems, most recently "On This Day in Poetry History" (Persea Books).
 Her other books include "Dear Editor", winner of the Lexi Rudnitsky Editor's Choice Award, "fall", "Camera Lyrica," winner of the Beatrice Hawley Award, and her first book, "Order, or Disorder," which received the Cleveland State University Poetry Center Prize.
 Newman has received fellowships in poetry from the MacDowell Colony and the Ohio and Illinois Arts Councils.
 Her poems have appeared in literary journals and magazines, including "The Kenyon Review", "The Missouri Review", "Hotel Amerika", "The Ohio Review", "Colorado Review", "Denver Quarterly", "The Gettysburg Review", "Hayden's Ferry Review", "Willow Springs", "Indiana Review", "The Carolina Quarterly", and "The Connecticut Poetry Review", and in anthologies, including "The Iowa Anthology of New American Poetries", "The Rose Metal Press Field Guide to Prose Poetry: Contemporary Poets In Discussion and Practice", "An Introduction To The Prose Poem", "Lit from Inside: 40 Years of Poetry from Alice James Books", and "The Hide-and-Seek Muse: Annotations of Contemporary Poetry".
 Her poetry has been translated and published in Italy and Romania.
Sarah Lindsay (born 1958) is an American poet from Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
 In addition to writing the two chapbooks "Bodies of Water" and "Insomniac's Lullabye", Lindsay has authored two books in the Grove Press Poetry Series: "Primate Behavior" (a National Book Award finalist) and "Mount Clutter".
 Her work has been featured in magazines such as "The Atlantic", "The Georgia Review", "The Kenyon Review", "The Paris Review", "Parnassus", and "Yale Review".
 Lindsay has been awarded with the J. Howard and Barbara M.J. Wood Prize.
 Her third book of poetry, "Twigs and Knucklebones" (Copper Canyon Press, 2008), was selected as a "Favorite Book of 2008" by Christian Wiman, editor of "Poetry" magazine.
 Her most recent book of poems is "Debt to the Bone-Eating Snotflower" (Copper Canyon Press, 2013) was a 2013 Lannan Literary Selection.
Derick Wade Burleson (September 9, 1963 – December 29, 2016) was an American academic and writer.
 He was the author of Never Night (Marick Press 2008).
 His first collection of poems, Ejo: Poems, Rwanda 1991-94, won the 2000 Felix Pollak Prize in Poetry.
 He was also the recipient of a 1999 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in Poetry.
 His poems have appeared in The Georgia Review, The Kenyon Review, The Paris Review, Poetry, and many other journals.
 He lived and taught English in Rwanda in the two years leading up to the genocide which took place in 1994.
 A recipient of a 1999 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in Poetry, Burleson taught creative writing and literature at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, and lived with his daughter in Two Rivers, Alaska until his death.
Enid Shomer is an American poet and fiction writer.
 She is the author of four poetry collections, two short story collections and a novel.
 Her poems have appeared in literary journals and magazines including "The Atlantic Monthly, Poetry, Paris Review, The New Criterion, Parnassus, Kenyon Review, Tikkun," and in anthologies including "The Best American Poetry."
 Her stories have appeared in "The New Yorker, New Stories from the South, the Year's Best, Modern Maturity, New Letters, Prairie Schooner, Shenandoah," and "Virginia Quarterly Review."
 Her stories, poems, and essays have been included in more than fifty anthologies and textbooks, including "Poetry: A HarperCollins Pocket Anthology".
 Her book reviews and essays have appeared in "The New Times Book Review, The Women's Review of Books," and elsewhere.
 Two of her books, "Stars at Noon" and "Imaginary Men," were the subjects of feature interviews on NPR's "Morning Edition" and "All Things Considered."
 Her writing is often set in or influenced by life in the State of Florida.
 Shomer was Poetry Series Editor for the University of Arkansas Press from 2002-2015, and has taught at many universities, including the University of Arkansas, Florida State University, and the Ohio State University, where she was the Thurber House Writer-in-Residence.
Jason Gray is an American poet whose first book, "Photographing Eden," was the winner of the Hollis Summers Prize from the Ohio University Press.
 Gray's poems have been published in "The American Poetry Review", "The Kenyon Review", "Poetry", and other prominent literary journals.
 He serves as co-editor of "Unsplendid", an online journal of formal poetry, and was the 2009 Peter Taylor Fellow at the Kenyon Review Writers' Workshop.
Karin Lin-Greenberg is an American fiction writer.
 Her story collection, "Faulty Predictions" (University of Georgia Press, 2014), won the 2013 Flannery O'Connor Award for Short Fiction and the 2014 "Foreword Review" INDIEFAB Book of the Year Award (Gold Winner for Short Stories).
 Her stories have appeared in "The Antioch Review", "Bellevue Literary Review", "Berkeley Fiction Review", "Epoch", "Kenyon Review Online", "The North American Review", and "Redivider".
 She is currently an associate professor of English at Siena College in Loudonville, New York.
 She has previously taught at Missouri State University, The College of Wooster, and Appalachian State University.
 She earned an MFA in Fiction Writing from the University of Pittsburgh in 2006, an MA in Literature and Writing from Temple University in 2003, and a BA in English from Bryn Mawr College.
Cara Blue Adams is an American author.
 She won "The Kenyon Review" Short Fiction Prize in 2008 and was first-runner up for the "Blue Mesa Review" Fiction Prize in 2010.
 Her work has appeared in many journals, including "The Kenyon Review", "Narrative Magazine" and "The Sun".
 She earned her MFA degree from the University of Arizona.
 From 2011 to 2013 she served as fiction and non-fiction editor of "The Southern Review".
Mark Jacobs is a former foreign service officer.
 He has published more than 90 stories in a range of magazines, including "The Atlantic," "The Iowa Review", "The Kenyon Review", "The Southern Review", "The Idaho Review", and "Southern Humanities Review".
 His story "How Birds Communicate" won the Iowa Review Fiction Prize in 1998.
 His five books include three novels and two collections of short stories.
 Pulitzer Prize winner in fiction Robert Olen Butler wrote that "Mark Jacobs is one of the most exciting new writers I've read in years... a writer who I think will become our own Graham Greene."
 While much of his earlier work was set in the countries in which he lived and traveled, more recent material has included novels and short stories that are set in the United States.
The Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography is one of the American Pulitzer Prizes annually awarded for journalism.
 From 2000 it has used the "breaking news" name but it is considered a continuation of the Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography, which was awarded from 1968 to 1999.
 Prior to 1968, a single Prize was awarded for photojournalism, the Pulitzer Prize for Photography, which was replaced in that year by Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography and Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography.
The Kenyon Review is a literary magazine based in Gambier, Ohio, US, home of Kenyon College.
 "The Review" was founded in 1939 by John Crowe Ransom, critic and professor of English at Kenyon College, who served as its editor until 1959.
 "The Review" has published early works by generations of important writers, including Robert Penn Warren, Ford Madox Ford, Robert Lowell, Delmore Schwartz, Flannery O'Connor, Boris Pasternak, Bertolt Brecht, Peter Taylor, Dylan Thomas, Anthony Hecht, Maya Angelou, Rita Dove, Derek Walcott, Thomas Pynchon, Woody Allen, Louise Erdrich, William Empson, Linda Gregg, Mark Van Doren, Kenneth Burke, and Ha Jin.
