Janus was an American alternative metal band based in Chicago.
 They formed in 1998 and have released four studio albums, "Influx" (1998), "Armor" (2004), "Red Right Return" (2008), and "Nox Aeris" (2012).
 They mix alternative metal with non-traditional rock instruments, such as auxiliary percussion, and electronic sounds.
 The band gained popularity on rock radio stations across the US due to their single "Eyesore," and has toured with bands such as All That Remains, Breaking Benjamin, Chevelle, Sevendust, and Sick Puppies.
 The band is known for wearing custom made red and black 1920's Russian-inspired militaristic uniforms both on stage, and in their music video for "Eyesore."
"Change (In the House of Flies)", often referred to as "Change", is a song by the American alternative metal band Deftones, released as the first single from their third album, "White Pony", in June 2000.
 It remains their most commercially successful single to date, peaking at No. 3 in "Billboard's" Modern Rock Tracks chart, No. 9 in the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and No. 53 in the UK Singles Chart.
 The song was featured on the Muchmusic compilation album "Big Shiny Tunes 5".
 The song has been described as alternative rock.
Deftones is an American alternative metal band from Sacramento, California, U.S. Formed in 1988, the band was founded by Chino Moreno (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Stephen Carpenter (lead guitar), Abe Cunningham (drums) and Dominic Garcia (bass).
 During the group's first five years, the band's lineup changed several times, but stabilized in 1993 when Cunningham rejoined the group after his departure in 1990; by this time, Chi Cheng was the band's bassist.
 The lineup remained stable for fifteen years, with the exception of keyboardist and turntablist Frank Delgado being added in 1999.
 The band is known as one of the most experimental groups to have come from the alternative metal music scene.
 They are sometimes dubbed "the Radiohead of metal" by critics.
White Pony is the third studio album by American alternative metal band Deftones, released on June 20, 2000 by Maverick Records.
 It marked a significant growth in the band's sound and is considered a turning point for the band in terms of experimentation, employing an increasingly experimental rock sound and incorporating more new wave, dream pop, trip hop, shoegaze and post-rock influences into the alternative metal sound for which the group had become known.
 Upon release and retrospectively, the album was met with overall critical acclaim and is generally regarded by fans and critics alike as one of their most mature outings.
 "White Pony" is also their highest-selling album to date.
 The album was certified platinum by the RIAA on July 17, 2002.
 The album includes three successful singles ("Change (In the House of Flies)", "Back to School (Mini Maggit)" and "Digital Bath") as well as the 2001 Grammy Award-winning track for Best Metal Performance, "Elite".
Antennas to Hell is the first greatest hits compilation album by American metal band Slipknot.
 The album was released on July 23, 2012, in the United Kingdom and July 24, 2012, in the United States by Roadrunner Records.
 The title is a reference to the critically acclaimed post-rock album "Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven", released by the band Godspeed You!
 Black Emperor in 2000 .
 The album features hit singles, fan favorites, and live tracks.
 The two-disc version of "Antennas to Hell" features a bonus live CD capturing Slipknot's performance at the 2009 Download Festival in Donington Park, England.
 The three-disc version includes a bonus DVD featuring every Slipknot music video and ten brand new video features, titled "Broadcasts from Hell", created by Shawn Crahan.
 It is the first album released by the band since late bassist Paul Gray's death in 2010.
 Despite being a greatest hits collection, Clown of Slipknot has stated that it's more of a tribute to what Slipknot were and used to be at the time of the songs, and also said that the collection comes with lots of artwork and DVD content.
Actual Miles: Henley's Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation album by American singer-songwriter Don Henley, released in 1995.
 The album was the first compilation album released by Henley and it covered hits from all three of his solo albums throughout the 1980s.
 The album features three new songs, "The Garden of Allah", "You Don't Know Me At All", and Henley's cover of "Everybody Knows".
 The collection peaked at #48 on the charts and reached platinum status.
 "The Garden Of Allah" reached #16 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Stray Arrows: A Collection of Favorites is the first compilation album released by the American alternative metal band Chevelle on December 4, 2012.
 It includes remastered versions of several hit songs, along with a previously unreleased b-side entitled "Fizgig."
 The songs on the standard track listing (except for "Sleep Apnea", "The Meddler" and "Fizgig") all cracked the top 10 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks, with "Send the Pain Below", "Vitamin R (Leading Us Along)", "Face to the Floor" and "Hats Off to the Bull" all reaching the No. 1 spot.
The Ultimate Master P is the third compilation album released by rapper, Master P.
 It was his first compilation album released through Koch Records and featured songs from "Good Side, Bad Side", "Ghetto Bill" and TRU's "The Truth".
 One song from the compilation, "Act a Fool", peaked at #91 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
Chevelle is an American alternative metal band that formed in 1995 in the Chicago suburb of Wildwood, Illinois.
 The band was originally composed of brothers: Pete Loeffler (lead vocals and guitar), Sam Loeffler (drums and percussion) and Joe Loeffler (bass and backing vocals).
 When Joe left the band in 2005, Geno Lenardo subbed-in as the bassist until he was replaced by Pete and Sam's brother-in-law, Dean Bernardini.
My Worlds: The Collection is the first compilation album released by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber.
 As the international alternative to the Walmart and Sam's Club exclusive "My Worlds Acoustic" (2010), "My Worlds: The Collection" was released in numerous European countries on November 19, 2010.
 The album consists of two discs; the first is a slightly altered version of "My Worlds Acoustic", and the second is "My Worlds", a compilation itself made up of "My World" (2009) and "My World 2.0" (2010).
 In addition, the album also features a new song, an inspirational ballad entitled "Pray", a Jaden Smith collaboration, "Never Say Never", and remixes of "Somebody to Love".
 The new versions of the songs were produced by Bieber's music director, Dan Kanter, his vocal producer Kuk Harrell, and also producer Rob Wells.
 While most reviewers complimented the set , several thought that its release was unneeded.
 The album charted moderately in Europe, reaching the top half of several album charts.
