T2 3-D: Battle Across Time is an attraction at Universal Studios Florida and Universal Studios Japan, with a former location at Universal Studios Hollywood.
 The version of the show at Universal Studios Hollywood closed in 2012 and the version at Universal Studios Florida will close in 2017.
Waterworld: A Live Sea War Spectacular is an attraction based on the 1995 film "Waterworld" found at Universal Studios Hollywood (1995), Universal Studios Japan (2001), and Universal Studios Singapore (2010).
 The original attraction opened at the same time as the film.
 Although the film was considered a critical and financial disappointment, the show was highly praised, winning a 1996 Thea Award from the Themed Entertainment Association.
 The attraction remains highly rated by park guests.
Guardians of the Galaxy is an upcoming attraction to be built at Epcot within the Walt Disney World Resort.
 It will be the third attraction based on a Marvel Comics property at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts after the Iron Man Experience at Hong Kong Disneyland and at Disney California Adventure.
 It will be the second attraction based on Marvel's "Guardians of the Galaxy" to be built at a Disney theme park and is also the first Marvel-themed attraction to be built at Walt Disney World.
 It will replace the Universe of Energy pavilion, which closed on August 13, 2017.
Twister...Ride It Out was a special effects attraction located at Universal Studios Florida, based on the 1996 film "Twister".
 It was announced in 1997 and replaced the Ghostbusters Spooktacular attraction in the New York area of the park.
 The attraction was hosted by actors Bill Paxton and Helen Hunt, who starred in the original film.
 The attraction closed on November 2, 2015 and replaced with "Race Through New York Starring Jimmy Fallon", which opened on April 6, 2017.
Jaws is a theme park attraction at Universal Studios Japan.
 Based upon the films of the same name.
 The attraction places guests aboard tour boats for what should be a leisurely tour of Amity Harbor, but instead becomes a harrowing chase between the craft and a very determined great white shark.
 Jaws is an expanded version of a famous scene on the long-running backlot tour at Universal Studios Hollywood, also inspired by the film, and can be found at Universal Studios Japan near Osaka, and formerly, at Universal Studios Florida in Orlando.
Revenge of the Mummy, officially named Revenge of the Mummy: The Ride, is an enclosed roller coaster based on the "Mummy" film franchise, located at Universal Studios Florida, Universal Studios Hollywood, and Universal Studios Singapore, using linear induction motors (LIMs) to launch riders from a complete standstill to a top speed of between 40 and in a matter of seconds.
 All Revenge of the Mummy roller coasters have a minimum passenger height requirement of 48 in .
 Two versions of the attraction have the same track layout but different storylines, however the attraction at Universal Studios Hollywood has an original layout and storyline.
 All three attractions are manufactured by Premier Rides, feature track switches by Dynamic Structures, and are themed by Universal Creative and ITEC Entertainment Corporation.
 Some of the alternate features of the Singapore version were designed by Adirondack Studios .
Despicable Me Minion Mayhem is a 4-D computer-animated simulator ride attraction located at Universal Studios Florida, Universal Studios Hollywood, and Universal Studios Japan.
 The attraction is based on Universal Studios and Illumination Entertainment's 2010 animated film "Despicable Me" and its franchise and employs the use of 3-D HD digital animation.
 The attraction replaced Jimmy Neutron's Nicktoon Blast (Before Jimmy Neutron's Nicktoon Blast, that space was The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera) in Florida, in Hollywood, and in Japan.
Backdraft is a fire special effects show at Universal Studios Japan, and formerly Universal Studios Hollywood theme park.
 The show is based on the film of the same name.
 Visitors can learn how the pyrotechnic effects were created and experience some of them first hand.
 The Hollywood attraction was supposed to officially close after Labor Day 2009 to be replaced by in 2011 but remained open to appease the temporary closures of other attractions for annual refurbishment.
 The Hollywood attraction officially closed on April 11, 2010.
 The attraction remains part of the Osaka park.
 A similar styled show demonstrating storm effects, Lights!
 Camera!
 Action!
 Hosted by Steven Spielberg, opened in Universal Studios Singapore in 2010.
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon is an American late-night talk show hosted by Jimmy Fallon, on NBC.
 The show premiered on February 17, 2014, and is produced by Broadway Video and Universal Television.
 It is the seventh incarnation of NBC's long-running "Tonight Show" franchise, with Fallon serving as the sixth host.
 The show also stars sidekick and announcer Steve Higgins and house band The Roots.
 "The Tonight Show" is produced by Katie Hockmeyer and executive-produced by Lorne Michaels.
 The show records from Studio 6B in Rockefeller Center, New York City.
 This was the first version of "The Tonight Show" filmed in New York City since "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" in 1972.
Fear Factor Live is an attraction located at Universal Studios Florida, and previously, Universal Studios Hollywood.
 Both attractions opened in Spring of 2005.
 The Hollywood attraction was closed on August 14, 2008 to make way for , which opened in Spring 2009.
 The Florida attraction began operating on a seasonal schedule in February 2009.
 The attraction began running again on a full-time basis (except for Halloween Horror Nights considerations) in the Summer of 2010.
 The attraction is based on the NBC television series "Fear Factor", and features theme park guests becoming contestants in various stunts inspired by the show.
