A New Day Has Come is the third one-off American television special by Canadian singer Celine Dion that was broadcast by CBS on 7 April 2002.
 The special was a promotion for Dion's first English album in 2 years of the same name, "A New Day Has Come".
 It also marks as Dion's comeback after her 2-year hiatus from the music industry.
 The special was filmed on 2 March 2002 at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles, California.
 It featured Dion (backed by her touring band) performing songs from the album as well as some of her greatest hits.
 She was also joined by special guests Grammy winning R&B singing sensations Destiny's Child and Brian McKnight.
These Are Special Times is the sixth English-language studio album and the first English-language Christmas album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.
 Released by Sony Music Entertainment on 30 October 1998, it features cover versions of popular Christmas tunes and original material.
 Dion worked with David Foster and Ric Wake, who produced most of the tracks for the album.
 Other producers include R. Kelly and Bryan Adams.
 Critics praised Dion's commitment to the recorded material, as well as the production of the songs.
The 39th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 26, 1997, at Madison Square Garden, New York City.
 They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year.
 Babyface was the night's biggest winner, with 4 awards.
 Celine Dion and Toni Braxton won two awards.
 Celine Dion for "Best Pop Album" and "Album of the Year" and Toni Braxton for "Best Female R&B Vocal Performance" and "Best Female Pop Vocal Performance" .
"Vois comme c'est beau" (meaning "Look How Beautiful it Is") is a duet between Claudette Dion and her sister, Celine Dion, released as a single from Claudette Dion's album "Hymnes à l'amour: Volume 2".
 It was issued in 1985 in Quebec, Canada.
 "Vois comme c'est beau" has never appeared on any of Celine Dion's albums.
These Are Special Times is a one-off American television special by Canadian singer Celine Dion that was broadcast by CBS on 25 November 1998.
 The special was a promotion for her first English Holiday album of the same name, "These Are Special Times".
 The special was filmed in front of a live studio audience.
 It featured Dion (backed by her touring band and a full orchestra) performing holiday music from the album as well as some of her hits.
 She was also joined by special guests comedic actress and singer Rosie O'Donnell and Italian Tenor Andrea Bocelli.
 The special also included footage of Dion in her hometown of Charlegmagne, Quebec.
Celine Dion in Concert was the fourth concert tour by Celine Dion.
 The tour consisted of 51 shows held between 13 July 1992 and 13 May 1993.
 It was organized to support the album "Celine Dion".
Tamara Gee (born Tamara Diane Wimer on October 11, 1972 in Seattle), is an American vocalist, songwriter, producer, arranger, dancer, and model.
 She grew up singing and performing from the age of 5, and was a professional vocalist by the time she was 12 years old, winning various singing competitions throughout her adolescence and adulthood, as well as a beauty pageant.
 Gee opened for vocalist Tony Bennett and his orchestra after being the featured vocalist on various albums throughout her teen years.
 She released her debut album "Hidden Treasure" with Universal Music in 2007, while living in Poland.
 Her single from the album, "For Life", was voted unanimous winner of Piosenka dla Europy, the Polish final for the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest.
 Tamara and her song "For Life" was the first Polish entry in history to qualify for the Eurovision final since the new rules were designed in the contest and a French television commentator compared Gee's performance to Celine Dion.
 A portion of Gee's Eurovision performance was shown on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" on "The World's Got Talent" episode with Simon Cowell where Gee sang with former participants Celine Dion, ABBA and Julio Iglesias.
 In 2007 Gee co-wrote and performed "Fate" on DJ Schiller's album "Sehnsucht".
 The album went triple platinum and was nominated for a Grammy.
 She released her solo EP "Christmas Angel" in 2009.
 On November 27, 2014, Tamara released a new highly anticipated album "Love, Tamara" of which she wrote with and was produced by Multi Grammy Award winning producer/songwriter Walter Afanasieff (Celine Dion, Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, etc.).
 She has been named the next Celine Dion.
Canadian singer Celine Dion has released twenty-six studio albums, seven live albums, seventeen compilation albums, and twenty-one box sets.
 Her debut album, "La voix du bon Dieu" was issued in 1981.
 In the '80s, Dion released her French-language albums in Canada, with several compilation albums issued also in France.
 Her first English-language album, entitled "Unison" was released in 1990 and has sold over three million copies worldwide.
 It was followed by "Dion chante Plamondon" in 1991 and "Celine Dion" in 1992.
 The latter became one of six of her albums to be certified Diamond in Canada for shipments of at least one million units.
 Dion's popularity became well-established with her 1993 album, "The Colour of My Love", which topped the charts in various countries, including the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia, and has sold twenty million copies around the world.
 In the United States, it was certified six-times platinum.
 Released in 1995, "D'eux" became the best-selling French-language album in history, with sales of ten million copies worldwide.
 In France alone, "D'eux" spent forty-four weeks at the top of the chart and has sold 4.5 million units, becoming the best-selling album of all time.
 It also became Dion's first out of six Diamond-certified albums in France.
"I'm Your Angel" is a duet by Celine Dion and R. Kelly from Dion's "These Are Special Times" album and Kelly's "R." album.
 It was released on 16 November 1998.
 The song was written and produced by R. Kelly.
 The single was very successful, reaching number 1 in the United States and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 The single also reached the top 5 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
"Don't Save It All for Christmas Day" is a song by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion.
 It was written by Peter Zizzo, Ric Wake, and Dion for her first English-language holiday album "These Are Special Times" (1998), while Wake also served as its producer.
 The pop ballad was issued as a promotional single on 4 December 2000, two years after album's original release.
