Night and Day (French: "Nuit et Jour" ) is a 1991 French drama film directed by Chantal Akerman.
The Park Square Theatre (1915-1921) of Boston, Massachusetts, was a theatre in Park Square owned by Archibald and Edgar Selwyn.
 It occupied the former Cort Theatre in a building designed by architect Clarence Blackall.
 In 1921 "Selwyn's Park Square Theatre [was] renamed the Selwyn.
 ... In renaming the theatre, the owners ... made it one of a chain of Selwyn theatres in the United States."
 In time the building "was replaced by a huge parking garage for automobiles."
Hotel Monterey is a 1972 silent documentary film directed by Chantal Akerman.
The Girl in the Show is a 1929 American comedy film directed by Edgar Selwyn and written by Edgar Selwyn and Joseph Farnham.
 The film stars Bessie Love, Raymond Hackett, Edward Nugent, Mary Doran, and Jed Prouty.
 The film was released August 31, 1929, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
No Home Movie is a French-Belgian 2015 documentary film directed by Chantal Akerman, focusing on conversations between the film-maker and her mother just months before her mother's death.
 Premiering at the Locarno Film Festival on 10 August 2015, it is Akerman's last film.
News from Home is a 1977 avant-garde documentary film directed by Chantal Akerman.
 The film consists of long takes of locations in New York City, set to Akerman's voice-over as she reads letters her mother sent her between 1971 and 1973, when the director lived in the city.
La Captive (The Captive) is a 2000 drama film directed by Chantal Akerman and featuring Olivia Bonamy, Sylvie Testud, and Stanislas Merhar.
Les Rendez-vous d'Anna (English: "The Meetings of Anna" ) is a 1978 French-Belgian-West German film by the Belgian film director Chantal Akerman.
A Couch in New York (French title "Un divan à New York") is a 1996 film about an anonymous exchange of apartments between a successful New York psychoanalyst and a young woman from Paris.
 It was written and directed by Chantal Akerman.
Hanging Out Yonkers is an unfinished 1973 Belgian-American documentary movie by Chantal Akerman.
