Familienbande (German for "Family Ties") is a card game designed by Leo Colovini.
Clans is a German-style board game designed by Leo Colovini.
 The game centers on the creation of villages.
Leo Colovini is an Italian designer of German-style board games born in Venice 1964.
 His most popular game is "Cartagena".
 He is one of the few top board game designers who has owned a game store.
David Parlett (born 1939) is a games scholar, historian, and translator from South London, who has studied both card games and board games. His published works include many popular books on games and the more academic volumes "The Oxford Guide to Card Games" and "The Oxford History of Board Games", both now out of print.
 Parlett also invented a number of board games, the most successful of which is Hare and Tortoise (1974).
 The German edition was awarded Spiel des Jahres (Game of the Year) in 1979.
Word board games are those games played on a board as players of the game attempt to construct words that use a scoring system.
 The player with the highest score wins the game.
 Many if not most board games are also available as software programs and online.
 Online word board games can be organized so that the player is playing against other people or the game can be played against an automated program acting as an artificial intelligence.
 Players of some word board games organize themselves into associations, clubs, and tournaments.
This page explains commonly used terms in board games in alphabetical order.
 For a list of board games, see List of board games.
 For terms specific to chess, see Glossary of chess.
 For terms related to chess problems, see Glossary of chess problems.
Alexander Randolph (4 May 1922 – 28 April 2004) was an American designer of board games and writer.
 Randolph's game creations include TwixT, Breakthru, Inkognito (with Leo Colovini), Raj, Ricochet Robot, and Enchanted Forest (with Michael Matschoss).
Francis Tresham is a United Kingdom-based board game designer who has been producing board games since the early 1970s.
 Tresham founded and ran games company Hartland Trefoil (founded 1971), a company well known for its "Civilization" board game, until its sale to MicroProse in 1997.
 His "1829" game was the first of the "18xx" board game series and some of his board games have inspired Sid Meier computer games such as "Railroad Tycoon".
Drunter und Drüber is a multiplayer board game invented by Klaus Teuber, first published in 1991 in Germany by Hans im Glück.
 A second edition was released in 1994 by Hans im Glück and featured art by Franz Vohwinkel.
 "Drunter und Drüber" translates to "over and under" although the phrase "topsy-turvy" may be more appropriate.
 The game was repackaged and rethemed as the western game "Wacky Wacky West" in 2010.
Inkognito is a board game for 3 to 5 players designed by Alex Randolph and Leo Colovini first published in 1988 by Milton Bradley Company.
 It has since been republished several times including by the company Venice Connection established by the designers and Dario De Toffoli.
