In macroeconomic theory, liquidity preference refers to the demand for money, considered as liquidity.
 The concept was first developed by John Maynard Keynes in his book "The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money" (1936) to explain determination of the interest rate by the supply and demand for money.
 The demand for money as an asset was theorized to depend on the interest foregone by not holding bonds (here, the term "bonds" can be understood to also represent stocks and other less liquid assets in general, as well as government bonds).
 Interest rates, he argues, cannot be a reward for saving as such because, if a person hoards his savings in cash, keeping it under his mattress say, he will receive no interest, although he has nevertheless refrained from consuming all his current income.
 Instead of a reward for saving, interest, in the Keynesian analysis, is a reward for parting with liquidity.
 According to Keynes, money is the most liquid asset.
 Liquidity is an attribute to an asset.
 The more quickly an asset is converted into money the more liquid it is said to be.
Lifeshape is a Christian organization founded by John and Trudy Cathy White, daughter of Chick-Fil-A founder S. Truett Cathy.
 Lifeshape was launched in 2003.
 The nonprofit supports Lifeshape International, Lifeshape Brasil, and Impact 360 Institute.
Hunted is a novel written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye, who are both Christian authors.
 "Hunted" covers titles 35-37 in the series.
 It is also the eleventh novel in the twelve book series.
 It starts when cruel Bounty Hunters kidnap Judd Thompson Jr., Lionel Washington, and Tom Gowin, planning to bring them to the Global Community and receive a reward.
 The fearless Christians escape their kidnappers and flee to a nearby safe house.
 Judd and Lionel long to travel to Wisconsin and see their friends again, but the new Bounty Hunters looking for money stop them from going anywhere.
 Finally, they come up with a plan to travel to different safe houses on their way to Wisconsin, slowly getting closer to their friends.
The Moravian Slaves, a popular story about Christian Missions concerning Johann Leonhard Dober and David Nitschmann, describes how these two young Moravian Brethren from Herrnhut, Germany were called in 1732 to minister to the African slaves on the Caribbean islands of St. Thomas and St. Croix.
 Allegedly, when they were told that they would not be allowed to do such a thing, Dober and Nitschmann sold themselves to a slave owner and boarded a ship bound for the West Indies.
 As the ship pulled away from the docks, it is said that they called out to their loved ones on shore, "May the Lamb that was slain receive the reward of His suffering!"
The Five-choice serial-reaction time task (5CSRTT) is a laboratory behavioral task used in psychological research to assess visuospatial attention and motor impulsivity in animals.
 The task takes place within an operant chamber equipped with at least five holes (apertures) that can illuminate, and a food tray to deliver reward.
 The 5CSRTT requires the animal (typically a rat, although mice can also be used) to correctly identify which of the five apertures has been briefly illuminated, via a nose poke, in order to receive a sugar reward.
 The difficulty of the task is controlled by the length of time the aperture is illuminated: a shorter illumination time requires the animal to pay greater attention, and thus is more difficult (as shown by decreased accuracy).
 Between every trial, there is also a short interval wherein the animal must withhold all responses, and any responding during this interval is met with a brief time-out and recorded as a failure of inhibitory control.
George Crumbley (1923 – September 15, 2009) was the founder of the Peach Bowl, now the Chick-fil-A Bowl.
The Milken Educator Awards is an educator recognition program in the United States that provides unrestricted grants of $25,000 cash to teachers deemed successful, in surprise ceremonies.
 Established in 1985 and first presented in 1987, the initiative of the Milken Family Foundation has traveled to schools across the United States presenting awards to over 2,600 teachers, averaging around 30-40 teachers per year.
 "Teacher Magazine" nicknamed the program the "Oscars of Teaching."
 The award currently gives $25,000 in unrestricted funds to teachers who are early in their career, or mid-career, to reward them "for what they have achieved—and for the promise of what they will accomplish in the future."
 Recipients are ambushed at school assemblies or other public events to be publicly celebrated with the surprise announcement of the awards.
 For example, in January 2016, a Hawaii high school science teacher was "shocked" to receive the award, given at a school-wide assembly.
The WinShape Foundation is an American charitable organization founded in 1984 by Jeanette Cathy and Truett Cathy, founder of fast-food restaurant chain Chick-fil-A.
 WinShape's sister foundation, Lifeshape, was started by the Cathy's daughter and husband, Trudy and John White.
In the context of cryptocurrency mining, a mining pool is the pooling of resources by miners, who share their processing power over a network, to split the reward equally, according to the amount of work they contributed to solving a block.
 A "share" is awarded to members of the mining pool who present a valid proof-of-work that their miner solved.
 Mining in pools began when the difficulty for mining increased to the point where it could take years for slower miners to generate a block.
 The solution to this problem was for miners to pool their resources so they could generate blocks more quickly and therefore receive a portion of the block reward on a consistent basis, rather than randomly once every few years.
Delayed gratification, or deferred gratification, is the ability to resist the temptation for an immediate reward and wait for a later reward.
 Generally, delayed gratification is associated with resisting a smaller but more immediate reward in order to receive a larger or more enduring reward later.
 A growing body of literature has linked the ability to delay gratification to a host of other positive outcomes, including academic success, physical health, psychological health, and social competence.
