SouthPark is a shopping mall named after the affluent SouthPark neighborhood the mall is located in.
 The mall is located approximately five miles (8 km) south of Uptown Charlotte, North Carolina at the corner of Sharon and Fairview Roads.
 With 1790000 sqft , SouthPark is the largest mall in Charlotte and the Carolinas, as well as one of the most profitable malls in the country with sales at over $700 per square foot.
 It is the 10th largest on the East Coast and is the 28th largest in the United States.
 SouthPark is the most congested shopping area in the United States during Black Friday weekend.
Västerbron (Swedish: "The Western Bridge" ) is an arch bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden.
 With a total length exceeding 600 m, 340 m of which stretches over water, it is one of the major bridges in Stockholm, offering one of the most panoramic views of the central part of the city centering on Gamla stan, the old town.
 Its inauguration on 20 November 1935 made it the second stationary connection between the southern and northern parts of the city, saving the citizens the effort of a ferry ride, which had previously been required, or the congested detour through Gamla stan.
The Veterans Bridge is a fixed span concrete bridge that spans the Southern Branch of the Elizabeth River in the Deep Creek neighborhood of Chesapeake in southeastern Virginia, USA.
 The bridge, which partially opened in 2014, currently carries two lanes of U.S. Route 17 (US 17; Dominion Blvd) across its northbound span.
 When the southbound span is completed in late 2017, the entire bridge will be four lanes.
 The corridor frequently acts as a bypass route for congested I-64 High Rise Bridge traffic.
 It replaces the much shorter and smaller Dominon Boulevard Steel Bridge, which because of its 11-foot underwater clearance opened on average of 16 times per day.
Line 11 of the Guangzhou Metro () is a rapid transit rail line under construction in Guangzhou.
 It is planned to run in a circle around Guangzhou passing through Guangzhou Railway Station, Guangzhou East Railway Station, Pazhou, and Fangcun.
 The line forms a ring around the edge of the dense central areas of Guangzhou allowing orbital and tangential traffic to avoid transferring in congested city center stations.
 As such 19 of the line's 32 stations plan to have transfers with other metro lines.
 In addition numerous regional rail lines of the Pearl River Delta Rapid Transit system are expected to terminate at stations on the ring line.
 The line is expected to have a daily ridership of over 1.2 million passengers per day.
 To cope with the large expected demand, engineers designed the line to be the second in the Guangzhou Metro to use to use high capacity 8 car wide body A size rolling stock.
The Aigiōhashi Bridge (愛岐大橋 , Aigi ōhashi ) is a truss bridge over the Kiso River in Japan.
 It is an iron beam bridge which connects Kakamigahara in the Gifu Prefecture with Inuyama in the Aichi Prefecture.
 The bride is part of Aichi-Gifu Prefectural Route 17, known as the Kōnanseki Route.
 The bridge is an essential link in the route from Nagoya and Komaki in Aichi Prefecture to Kakamigahara, Seki, and Gujō in Gifu Prefecture.
 Because there are no other bridges for 4 km up- or downstream, the bridge is generally congested all day.
 The bridge was closed for a time in 1999 for maintenance.
A maritime pilot, also known as a marine pilot or harbor pilot and sometimes simply called a pilot, is a sailor who manoeuvres ships through dangerous or congested waters, such as harbors or river mouths.
 He or she is normally an ex ship captain and a highly experienced shiphandler who possesses detailed knowledge of the particular waterway, e.g. actual depth, direction and strength of the wind, current and tide at any time of the day.
 The pilot is a navigational expert for the port of call.
Military Units to Aid Production or UMAPs (Unidades Militares de Ayuda a la Producción) were agricultural labor camps operated by the Cuban government from November 1965 to July 1968 in the province of Camagüey.
 The UMAP camps served as a form of alternative civilian service for Cubans who could not serve in the military due to being, conscientious objectors, Christians and other religious people, homosexuals, or political enemies of Fidel Castro or his communist revolution.
 The majority of UMAP servicemen were conscientious objectors.
 A small portion or about 8% to 9% of the immates were homosexual men, Jehovah's Witnesses, Seventh-day Adventists, Catholic priests and Protestant ministers, intellectuals, farmers who resisted collectivization, as well as anyone else considered "anti-social" or "counter-revolutionary."
 Former Intelligence Directorate agent Norberto Fuentes estimated that of approximately 35,000 internees, 507 ended up in psychiatric wards, 72 died from torture, and 180 committed suicide.
 A 1967 human rights report from the Organization of American States found that over 30,000 internees are "forced to work for free in state farms from 10 to 12 hours a day, from sunrise to sunset, seven days per week, poor alimentation with rice and spoiled food, unhealthy water, unclean plates, congested barracks, no electricity, latrines, no showers, immates are given the same treatment as political prisoners."
 The report concludes that the UMAP camps’ two objectives are "facilitating free labor for the state" and "punishing young people who refuse to join communist organizations."
 The Cuban government maintained that the UMAPs are not labor camps, but part of military service.
 In a 2010 interview with "La Jornada", Fidel Castro admitted in response to a question about the UMAP camps that "Yes, there were moments of great injustice, great injustice!"
The West Gate Distributor is a proposed toll road in Melbourne, Australia, to provide access between the West Gate Freeway and the Port of Melbourne, primarily for heavy freight vehicles.
 The project, estimated to cost $680 million, was promised in 2013 by the then Victorian Labor Opposition to allow an estimated 5000 trucks a day to bypass the congested West Gate Bridge.
 The project is Labor's alternative to the Napthine government's controversial $18 billion East West Link, which it cancelled in April 2015.
 Labor promised to have contracts for the West Gate Distributor project signed within six months of forming government following the 2014 state election, and said the road would be completed by 2018.
Jesuit Social Center Osaka "(Tabiji no Sato)" offers a variety of services to homeless day laborers and the unemployed in the congested slum of Kamagasaki in Osaka, Japan.
The Agra Lucknow Expressway is a 302 km controlled-access highway or expressway, constructed by the Uttar Pradesh Expressways Industrial Development Authority to reduce traffic in already congested roads and to reduce pollution and carbon footprint.
 It is the longest expressway in India.
 The expressway reduced the distance between the cities of Agra and Lucknow in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
 It is a 6-lane expressway which is expandable to 8-lanes in future and was inaugurated on 21st November 2016 by the then Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh Akhilesh Yadav.
