Jason Pohl (born July 1, 1981) is a chopper designer who works at Orange County Choppers.
 He is most commonly known for his workplace being the subject of the American TV series American Chopper.
Orange County Choppers bikes are motorcycles featured on the television series "American Chopper" built by Orange County Choppers (OCC) for a specific corporate or celebrity customer.
 Theme bikes are motorcycles in which the theme of the motorcycle takes priority over everything else, influencing the frame dimensions, paint scheme, and overall 'feel' of the motorcycle.
 The function of motorcycle usually takes a backseat to the presentation of the theme, and these motorcycles attract attention solely on the premise of the theme itself.
 Customer bikes are built for and generally to the specifications of a particular customer.
 Although the customers typically give OCC creative freedom to do what they will, some clients have a specific idea in mind and expect OCC to reproduce their mental picture literally.
Paul Michael Teutul (born October 2, 1974) was one of the stars of the American reality television series "American Chopper".
 He co-founded Orange County Choppers (OCC) with his father, Paul Teutul Sr. in 1999.
 Teutul was the chief designer and fabricator of OCC.
 Prior to this, Teutul was head of the rail shop at Orange County Ironworks.
 He was also responsible for designing the logo for OCC.
 He is the owner of Paul Jr.
 Designs, which manufactures custom motorcycles and sells branded clothing.
Paul Jr.
 Designs (PJD) is a lifestyle brand motorcycle customizer and clothing vendor based in Rock Tavern, New York, USA.
 Paul Teutul Jr. founded the design firm in 2009 after waiting out a one-year non-compete clause with his former company, Orange County Choppers (OCC).
Cody Connelly is an American motorcycle builder, best known for his work at Orange County Choppers (OCC), the subject of the American TV show "American Chopper".
 Cody left Orange County Choppers and joined V-Force Customs (a custom motorcycle shop in Rock Tavern, NY) where he works with friend and former colleague of Orange County Choppers Vincent DiMartino.
 Cody has since made several appearances on the show "" alongside Paul Teutul, Jr. and DiMartino, helping out at Paul Jr.
 Designs.
Michael Joseph Teutul (born November 26, 1978) is a television celebrity who appeared on the reality programs "Orange County Choppers" "American Chopper" and "".
American Chopper is an American reality television series that aired on Discovery Channel from 2003-2010, produced by Pilgrim Films & Television.
 The series centers on Paul Teutul, Sr. (frequently called "Senior"), and his son Paul Teutul, Jr. (also known as "Paulie" or simply "Junior"), who manufacture custom chopper-style motorcycles.
 Orange County Choppers is in Newburgh, New York.
 The contrasting work and creative styles of the father and son team and their resulting verbal arguments were the series' hallmark until 2008 when an explosive argument led to Paul Jr.'s termination and departure to start a competing chopper company (Paul Jr.
 Designs).
Vincent "Vinnie" DiMartino (born October 9, 1972) is an American motorcycle builder, best known for his work from 2002 to 2007 at Orange County Choppers (OCC), the subject of the American TV show "American Chopper".
 In August 2007 DiMartino left Orange County Choppers and founded V-Force Customs, a custom motorcycle shop in Rock Tavern, NY.
 Several months later, Cody Connelly, a friend and co-worker of DiMartino at Orange County Choppers also left to join him at V-force Customs.
 In 2010, DiMartino returned to the show; however instead of rejoining his former employer, OCC, he joined Paul Jr.
 Designs.
Paul John Teutul is the founder of Orange County Choppers, a manufacturer of custom motorcycles and the focus of the reality television series "American Chopper".
 Teutul first appeared on the show with his sons Paul Teutul Jr., Michael Teutul.
 In 2013 his new show "Orange County Choppers" premiered on CMT
Orange County Choppers (OCC) is a motorcycle manufacturer and lifestyle brand company based in the town of Newburgh, located in Orange County, New York, that was founded in 1999 by Paul Teutul Sr., and Paul Teutul Jr. The company was featured on "American Chopper", a reality TV show that debuted in September 2002 on the Discovery Channel.
 The series moved to Discovery Channel's sister channel TLC in 2007.
 Following cancellation of the Discovery series, the company was also featured on "Orange County Choppers" on the CMT network in 2013.
