Rozier Glacier ( ) is a glacier flowing between Pishtachev Peak and Balis Ridge into Wilhelmina Bay north of Sophie Cliff, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.
 Charted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache, 1897-99.
 Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1960 for Jean-François Pilâtre de Rozier (1756–1785), French technician who made the first human balloon ascent and (with the Marquis d'Arlandes) the first balloon voyage, in 1783.
Les Frères Robert were two French brothers.
 Anne-Jean Robert (1758–1820) and Nicolas-Louis Robert (1760–1820) were the engineers who built the world's first hydrogen balloon for professor Jacques Charles; which flew from central Paris on August 27, 1783.
 They went on to build the world's first manned hydrogen balloon, and on 1 December 1783 Nicolas-Louis accompanied Jacques Charles on a 2-hour, 5-minute flight.
 Their barometer and thermometer made it the first balloon flight to provide meteorological measurements of the atmosphere above the Earth's surface.
Lieutenant Commander Victor Alonzo Prather Jr. (June 4, 1926 – May 4, 1961) was an American flight surgeon famous for taking part in "Project RAM", a government project to develop the space suit.
 On May 4, 1961, Prather drowned during the helicopter transfer after the landing of the Strato-Lab V balloon flight, which set an altitude record for manned balloon flight which stood until 2012.
François Laurent le Vieux d'Arlandes (1742 – 1 May 1809) was a French marquis, soldier and a pioneer of hot air ballooning.
 He and Jean-François Pilâtre de Rozier made the first manned free balloon flight on 21 November 1783, in a Montgolfier balloon.
A Rozière balloon (or simply Rozière) is a type of hybrid balloon that has separate chambers for a non-heated lifting gas (such as hydrogen or helium) as well as for a heated lifting gas (as used in a hot air balloon or Montgolfière).
 The design was created by Jean-François Pilâtre de Rozier (1754.
.1785).
QinetiQ 1 was a balloon designed to set a new world altitude record for manned balloon flight of around 40 km (25 miles, 132,000 feet).
 The balloon was named after the main sponsors, QinetiQ (formerly part of DERA, the British Defence Evaluation and Research Agency).
Jean-François Pilâtre de Rozier (30 March 1754 – 15 June 1785) was a French chemistry and physics teacher, and one of the first pioneers of aviation.
 He and the Marquis d'Arlandes made the first manned free balloon flight on 21 November 1783, in a Montgolfier balloon.
 He later died when his balloon crashed near Wimereux in the Pas-de-Calais during an attempt to fly across the English Channel.
 He and his companion, Pierre Romain, thus became the first known fatalities in an air crash.
 He also risked himself while researching the flammability of hydrogen: in "A Short History of Nearly Everything", Bill Bryson writes "In France, a chemist named Pilatre de Rozier tested the flammability of hydrogen by gulping a mouthful and blowing across an open flame, proving at a stroke that hydrogen is indeed explosively combustible and that eyebrows are not necessarily a permanent feature of one’s face."
Unpowered aircraft can remain airborne for a significant period of time without onboard propulsion.
 They can be classified as fixed-wing gliders, lighter-than-air balloons and tethered kites.
 This requires a trajectory that is not merely a vertical descent such as a parachute.
 In the case of kites, lift is obtained by tethering to a fixed or moving object, perhaps another kite, to obain a flow of wind over the lifting surfaces.
 In the case of balloons, lift is obtained through inherent buoyancy and the balloon may or may not be tethered.
 Free balloon flight has little directional control.
 Gliding aircraft include sailplanes, hang gliders, and paragliders that have full directional control in free flight.
Bertrand Piccard (born 1 March 1958) is a Swiss psychiatrist and balloonist.
 Along with Brian Jones, he was the first to complete a non-stop balloon flight around the globe, in a balloon named Breitling Orbiter 3.
 He was the initiator, chairman, and co-pilot, with André Borschberg, of Solar Impulse, the first successful round-the-world solar powered flight.
Élisabeth Thible, or Tible, born in Lyon was the first woman on record to fly in an untethered hot air balloon.
 On June 4, 1784, eight months after the first manned balloon flight, Thible flew with Mr. Fleurant on board a hot air balloon christened "La Gustave" in honour of King Gustav III of Sweden's visit to Lyon.
