Igor Rakočević (; born March 29, 1978) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player.
 He is 1.94 m (6 ft 4 ½ in) tall.
 A two-time All-EuroLeague Team member and three-time Alphonso Ford Trophy winner, he played at both the point guard and shooting guard positions, but spent the vast majority of his career playing as a shooting guard.
 He is the son of Serbian former basketball player Goran Rakočević, who played as a point guard for Crvena zvezda.
 Since February 2015, he has been a vice-president of the Basketball Federation of Serbia, in charge of men’s basketball.
Nicolás "Nico" Richotti (born 17 October 1986) is an Argentine professional basketball player for Iberostar Tenerife of the Spanish Liga ACB.
 At a height of 1.84 m (6 ft 0 ¼ in) tall, he plays at both the point guard and shooting guard positions, with shooting guard being his main position.
Goran Dragić (born 6 May 1986) is a Slovenian professional basketball for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He plays at both the point guard and shooting guard positions.
 He played professional basketball in Slovenia and Spain before entering the NBA in 2008.
 Dragić has played for the Phoenix Suns twice, the Houston Rockets, and the Miami Heat.
 He was an All-NBA Third Team selection and the NBA Most Improved Player in 2014.
Damond L. Williams (born October 10, 1980) is an American professional basketball player in the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) Asia League.
 Williams, who is 6'6", is known for his versatility as a combo guard, effective at playing both point guard and shooting guard positions.
 He led his team through a perfect season in the Syrian Premier League and Syrian League Cup in the 2009 season.
 In 2009 Damond was voted the best shooting guard of the 20th Dubai International Basketball Tournament.
 Damond is also Founder of the Chicago Basketball Academy a private non-sectarian coeducational high school focused on academic and athletic excellence in the field of basketball.
Aaron Lee Jackson (born May 6, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the Beijing Ducks of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA).
 Standing at 193 cm , he plays at both the point guard and shooting guard positions, with point guard being his main position.
Lucio Redivo (born February 14, 1994) is an Argentinian professional basketball player who currently plays for Bilbao Basket in the Liga ACB.
 He can play at both the point guard and shooting guard positions, with shooting guard being his main position.
Diego Flaccadori (born 5 April 1996) is an Italian professional basketball player for Aquila Basket Trento.
 He stands 195 cm (6’4¾") tall, and he can play at both the point guard and shooting guard positions, with shooting guard being his primary position.
Ramon "Dale" Singson (born December 2, 1975) is a Filipino former professional basketball player.
 He last played for the Powerade Tigers in the Philippine Basketball Association.
 He plays the Point Guard and Shooting Guard positions.
 He was directly hired by the Shell Turbo Chargers from the MBA in 2000.
 He was known as a scorer who can play both guard positions.
Daniel "Dan" Callandrillo is an Italian-American former professional basketball player.
 He played NCAA Division I college basketball at Seton Hall.
 At a height of 1.88 m (6'2") tall, he played at both the point guard and shooting guard positions, with shooting guard being his main position.
The shooting guard (SG), also known as the two or off guard, is one of the five positions in a regulation basketball game.
 A shooting guard's main objective is to score points for his team.
 Some teams ask their shooting guards to bring up the ball as well; these players are known colloquially as combo guards.
 Kobe Bryant, for example, as a shooting guard was as good a playmaker as he was a scorer; other examples of combo guards are Dwyane Wade, Allen Iverson, James Harden, Manu Ginóbili, Jamal Crawford, Randy Foye and Jason Terry.
 A player who can switch between playing shooting guard and small forward is known as a swingman.
 Notable swing men (also known as wing players) include Jimmy Butler, Tracy McGrady, Vince Carter, Joe Johnson, Andre Iguodala, Andrew Wiggins, Evan Turner and Tyreke Evans.
 In the NBA, shooting guards usually range from 6' 4" (1.93 m) to 6' 7" (2.01 m) and 5' 9" (1.75 m) to 6' 0" (1.83 m) in the WNBA.
