John Seasock (born July 3, 1965) was a professional monster truck driver.
 He last drove Grinder sponsored by Advance Auto Parts, and is a 2 time Monster Jam World Finals Racing Champion.
Sudden Impact is a monster truck currently racing in the USHRA Monster Jam series.
 The truck was originally driven by John Seasock and has been to four World Finals under his command.
 It is the first monster truck to implement a driveline blanket, made of Kevlar, which goes around the outside of the drive shaft loop to make sure that if the driveshaft breaks, the parts will not fly off the truck, possibly causing injury to fans and officials.
 In 2010 the truck was driven by a new driver Ben Winslow.
 He used to be George Balhan's crew chief.
 Another new thing is that it is now called Ground Pounder.
 The truck is currently driven by Mike Dufrene and Steven Hill and is the teammate to Amsoil Shock Therapy, driven by Jeremy Brady and Dave Radzierez.
 In the past, it has been driven by Dufrene, Hill, Winslow, Seasock, Carl Van Horn, Jon Zimmer, Sean Duhon, David Brown, Chris Lagana, Kevin Kosala, Chris Ryan, John Killinger, David Fray, and Casey Ladelle.
Trucks and Tractor Power was a long running weekly television show on TNN featuring mud bogging, tractor pulling and monster trucks.
 The show's original hosts were Stan Rhoads and former Bigfoot driver Rich Hooser, along with pit reporter Mike Goss.
 Gary Lee replaced Stan Rhoads.
 Army Armstrong later joined as a pit reporter, and later, when Hooser left the show, became color commentator.
 The show initially began in 1989 as a vehicle for TNT Motorsports events, complimenting their ESPN show Powertrax and syndicated show Tuff Trax, and would typically alternate between truck and tractor pulls and monster trucks, with National Mud Racing Organization mud races intermittently.
 After TNT was bought out by the United States Hot Rod Association in 1991, the show began primarily airing the Pendaliner Monster Truck Series and NMRO mud races held at Special Events' 4-Wheel and Off-Road Jamborees.
 A frequent feature of these shows was a highlight segment of "Tough Truck" amateur off-road races near the end of the monster truck episodes.
 The final season of Trucks and Tractor Power had Gary Lee as the host at the Monster Truck Thunder Drags, with Dave Rief, and later Tom Rivers, for the Jamborees.
 At the end of the 1996 season, the Pendaliner cancelled their sponsorship of the monster truck series, causing the show to be subsequently cancelled.
Courtney Jolly (born September 18, 1986 in Naples, Florida) is a former professional monster truck driver who drove Pastrana 199 on the USHRA Monster Jam circuit.
Nicole Michelle Johnson (born January 16, 1974) is an American professional monster truck driver and competition rock crawler.
 Born in Oxnard, California and residing in Las Vegas, Nevada, the mother of two boys is the driver of the Scooby-Doo Monster Jam truck, which is owned and operated by Feld Motorsports, a division of Feld Entertainment.
El Toro Loco ("The Crazy Bull") is a monster truck currently racing in the Advance Auto Parts MONSTER JAM professional monster truck racing series.
 It is currently driven by Marc McDonald, Chuck Werner, Becky McDonough, and Mark List, and was originally driven by Lupe Soza, who returned in 2014 to "grab the bull by the horns."
 Other drivers of the snortin' bull have included Dan Rodoni, Aaron Basl, Ryan Huffaker, Joey Parnell, Chris Baker, and Nathan Weenk.
 It features one of the first 3-D body shells, with horns sticking out of the roof.
 This body was originally designed for Bulldozer, and was found a second use for El Toro Loco.
 As El Toro Loco has increased in popularity, it has become the primary truck for the body style.
Batman is a monster truck competing on the USHRA circuit, where it is the 2008 Monster Jam World Racing Champion.
 The truck is officially licensed by DC Comics and has a replica of the Batmobile as the body.
 It is driven by John Seasock and debuted with Jason Childress driving in Charlotte, North Carolina in 2006.
 It has also competed in three Monster Jam World Finals, and won racing in both the 2007 and 2008 events.
Adam Anderson (born December 5, 1985, in Norfolk, VA) is an American professional monster truck driver.
 He currently drives the monster truck "Grave Digger" on the USHRA Monster Jam circuit.
 Adam is the son of Dennis Anderson, a monster truck driver and 4-time Monster Truck World Champion.
 Adam currently resides in his home town of Powells Point, NC.
Blue Thunder is a monster truck that raced in the USHRA Monster Jam series.
 It was sponsored by the truck division of Ford Motor Company and Live Nation.
 The truck has several similarities with the monster truck Bigfoot.
 Some fans saw Blue Thunder as a replacement for Bigfoot in the Monster Jam series.
 The truck had been moderately successful and won several major events during its existence.
 However, it has not yet won a championship.
 Blue Thunder is used by Ford Motor Company for promotional purposes along with competition.
 The truck is currently driven by Matt Cody.
 The truck did not compete in 2012 when Todd LeDuc moved to Metal Mulisha after driving Blue Thunder in 2011.
 The truck was brought back in 2013 with a veteran driver, Dan Evans; who use to own and drive Destroyer, then Team Hot Wheels, as well as a new paint job.
Dennis Anderson (born October 24, 1960) is an American professional monster truck driver.
 He is the creator, team owner, and former driver of "Grave Digger" on the USHRA Monster Jam circuit.
 Anderson is from Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina, where he currently resides.
