The National University of Trujillo (Spanish: "Universidad Nacional de Trujillo" ) (UNT) is a major public university located in Trujillo, Peru, capital of the department of La Libertad.
 The university was founded by Simón Bolívar and José Faustino Sánchez Carrión, who met in Huamachuco; they signed the decree of foundation on May 10, 1824, before Peru's independence from Spain.
 National University of Trujillo, was the first republican university founded in Peru.
Nagaoka University of Technology (長岡技術科学大学 , Nagaoka Gijutsu Kagaku Daigaku ) , abbreviated as Nagaoka Gidai, is a national technology university founded in 1976 in Nagaoka, Niigata, Japan.
 It is one of only two Universities of Technology, a form of university in Japan, the other being Toyohashi University of Technology in Aichi.
 Many students from colleges of technology, a 5-year college called "kosen" in Japan have enrolled.
 The university requires 4th year students to spend up to five months on-the-job experience (internship) in private enterprises, government agencies, and elsewhere.
 Having a high employment rate in the national universities in Japan.
Adam Smith University (also known as Adam Smith University of Liberia and École Supérieure Universitaire Adam Smith) is an unaccredited private distance learning university founded in 1991 by Dr. Donald Grunewald (MA Harvard 1955, MBA Harvard 1959, DBA Harvard 1962), who is still its president.
 Grunewald was president of Mercy College between 1972 and 1984.
 Since 1984 Grunewald is professor of Management at the Hagan School of Business at Iona College, teaching courses in Business Policy and Strategic Management (source: Iona college).
 Grunewald served as a Member of Advisory Board of The Wilton Bank (source: Bloomberg).
 Adam Smith university espouses the principle of independence from state control, believing that such control prevents it from furthering its mission.
Kristine Moore Gebbie is professor at the Flinders University School of Nursing & Midwifery in Adelaide, Australia.
 From 2008-2010, she was the Joan Hansen Grabe Dean of the Hunter-Bellevue School of Nursing, Hunter College-City University of New York.
 Before moving to Hunter College, Gebbie was the Elizabeth Standish Gill Professor at the Columbia University School of Nursing and Director of Columbia's Center for Health Policy.
Hélio Alonso University or FACHA is a private university founded on December 6, 1971, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil by professor Hélio Alonso (1929-2015).
 It has two campi: one located in Méier and one in Botafogo.
The National Autonomous University of Léon (Spanish: "Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Nicaragua, Léon" ), founded in 1812, is a university in Nicaragua.
 It was the second university founded in Central America and the last founded under the colonial rule of the Spanish Empire.
Kristine Stiles (born Kristine Elaine Dolan in Denver, Colorado, 1947) is the France Family Professor of Art, Art History and Visual Studies at Duke University.
 She is an art historian, curator, and artist specializing in global contemporary art.
 She is best known for her scholarship on artists’ writings, performance art, feminism, destruction and violence in art, and trauma in art.
 Stiles joined the faculty of Duke in 1988, and she has taught at the University of Bucharest and Venice International University.
 She received the Richard K. Lublin Distinguished Award for Undergraduate Teaching Excellence in 1994, and the Dean’s Award for Excellence in Graduate Mentoring in 2011, both at Duke University.
 Among other fellowships and awards include a J. William Fulbright Fellowship in 1995, a Solomon R. Guggenheim Fellowship in 2000, and an Honorary Doctorate from Dartington College of Arts in Tontes, Devon, England in 2005.
The National University of Córdoba (Spanish: "Universidad Nacional de Córdoba" , UNC), founded in 1613, is the oldest university in Argentina, the fourth oldest in South America and the sixth oldest in Latin America.
 It is located in Córdoba, the capital of Córdoba Province.
 Since the early 20th century it has been the second largest university in the country (after the University of Buenos Aires) in terms of the number of students, faculty, and academic programs.
 As the location of the first university founded in the land that is now Argentina, Córdoba has earned the nickname La Docta (roughly translated, "The Wise").
Yeshiva University Student Medical Ethics Society (MES), is an undergraduate student-run organization of Yeshiva University founded by students in the fall of 2005 with the help of the Center for the Jewish Future toward the goal of promoting education and awareness of Jewish medical ethics in the university and the community at large.
 Since its founding, the society has grown from a small group of students with common interests to running large-scale events with university-wide participation.
 They have hosted diverse programs of lectures by experts in medical ethics and halacha (Jewish law), on topics such as stem cell research, cloning, do not resuscitate orders, genetic testing, pre-implantation genetic diagnosis, and birth control.
 They also host genetic testing events to help decrease the incidence of various genetic diseases in the Jewish community.
 The society hosts events throughout the year, including a large annual conference focused on a topic in medical ethics.
 Events are open to anybody with an interest in Jewish medical ethics.
 Students, teachers, rabbis, physicians, and laymen are welcome.
The University of Aberdeen is a public research university in Aberdeen, Scotland.
 It is an ancient university founded in 1495 when William Elphinstone, Bishop of Aberdeen, petitioned Pope Alexander VI on behalf of James IV, King of Scots to establish King's College, making it Scotland's third-oldest university and the fifth-oldest in the English-speaking world.
 The university as it is today was formed in 1860 by a merger between King's College and Marischal College, a second university founded in 1593 as a Protestant alternative to the former.
 Today, Aberdeen is consistently ranked among the top 200 universities in the world and is one of two universities in the city, the other being the Robert Gordon University.
