A Time For Miracles is a 1980 American made-for-television biographical drama film chronicling the life story of America's first native born saint, Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton.
 It was produced by ABC Circle Films for the American Broadcasting Company and telecast December 21, 1980, as a Christmas special.
 The film was created by Beverlee Dean and directed by Michael O'Herlihy.
 The script was written by Henry Denker with collaboration with Sister Mary Hilaire and filmed in Georgia.
 "A Time For Miracles" starred "Ryan's Hope" and "" actress Kate Mulgrew as Elizabeth Seton.
 John Forsythe and Lorne Greene also star.
Saint Palladius of Embrun (French: "Pallade, Pélade" , Catalan: "Patllari, Pal·ladi" ) (d. ca. 541 AD) was a 6th-century bishop of Embrun.
 Born to a Christian family, he studied under Catulin, bishop of Embrun, who had attended the Council of Épaone in 517.
 When the Arians and Sigismund of Burgundy opposed the council, Catulin was exiled to Vienne.
 Palladius accompanied him there, and took the opportunity to extensively study Scripture.
 Palladius was ordained a priest and, according to legend, gained the gift of prophecy.
 He is said to have predicted the fall and death of Sigismund.
 Catulin died around 518, and Palladius would later be elected bishop of Embrun.
 During his episcopate he built numerous churches, in Chorges, Sauze, and Rama, as well as sanctuaries dedicated to Saint Martin of Tours, and Saints Vincent, Orontius, and Victor, as well as to Genesius of Arles.
 One source states that Palladius "possessed an exceptional efficacy in obtaining whatever he petitioned God for."
 Many miracles were attributed to him, and, besides the gift of prophecy, he enjoyed a "mystical familiarity with the angels... [and] successfully defeated the machinations of the devil simply by making the sign of the cross."
The Reverend John Thayer (1755–5 February 1815) was the first native of New England ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood.
 He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.
 Thayer was educated at Yale College and was a Protestant in his early life.
 He was ordained as a Congregationalist minister and served as a chaplain during the American Revolutionary War.
 While visiting Rome in 1783, he converted to the Roman Catholic faith, an act which caused a sensation in New England at the time.
 He credited his conversion to miracles attributed to the noted mendicant, Saint Benedict Joseph Labre, who lived and died there in that period.
Saint Lutgardis of Aywières (Dutch: "Sint-Ludgardis" ; 1182 – 16 June 1246; also spelled Lutgarde) is a saint from the medieval Low Countries.
 She was born in Tongeren, known as "Tongres" in French (which is why she is also called "Lutgardis of Tongres" or "Luitgard of Tonger(e)n"), and entered into religious orders at the age of twelve.
 During her life various miracles were attributed to her, and she is known to have experienced religious ecstasies.
 Her feast day is June 16.
Wandelbert (813 - d. after 850) was a Benedictine monk and theological writer.
 Little is known of his personal history.
 He was apparently a native of Francia, and in 839 he was already a monk at the Abbey of Prüm, where he died.
 About this date Abbot Markward commissioned him to rewrite the old "Life of St. Goar" and to supplement it by an account of the miracles worked by the saint.
 The life Wandelbert wrote is not without historical value.
Nagore Dargah (also called Nagoor Dargah or Hazrat Syed Shahul Hameed Dargah) is a dargah built over the tomb of the Sufi saint Hazrath Nagore Shahul Hamid (1490–1579 CE).
 It is located in Nagore, a coastal town in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Outer doors kept open always.
 Internal doors opening time is from 4:30 am to 07:00 am and 6:25 pm to 9:30 pm.
 Friday alone additionally kept open from 12 noon to 2:30 pm also.
 Shahul Hamid is believed to have performed many miracles in Nagore, and cured the physical affliction of king Achutappa Nayak, a 16th-century Hindu ruler of Thanjavur.
 He is locally referred to as "Nagore Andavar", meaning the "god of Nagore".
 Nagore dargah as it stands now, is believed to have been built by ardent devotees of Shahul Hamid, with major contribution from Hindus.
 There are five minarets in the dargah, with the Hindu Maratha ruler of Thanjavur Pratap Singh (1739–1763 CE), building the tallest minaret.
 The dargah is a major pilgrimage centre that attracts pilgrims from both Islam and Hinduism, symbolizing peaceful coexistence between the two religions.
Saint Fortunatus (died 537) was a 6th-century bishop of Todi.
 According to tradition, he defended Todi during a Gothic siege.
 He is the patron saint of Todi.
 He is praised by Gregory the Great, who calls him a man of great virtue who took great care in attending to the sick.
 Gregory, who was born around the time that Fortunatus died, was greatly interested in Fortunatus' life.
 Gregory writes that "a certain poor old man was brought to me –because I always love to talk with such men- of whom I inquired his country, and hearing that he was of the city of Todi, I asked him whether he knew Bishop Fortunatus.
 He said he knew him very well.
 'Then I beseech you,' said I, 'tell me whether you know of any miracles that he did, and, since I am very desirous to know, explained to me what manner of man he was.'"
Lytham, a settlement recorded in the "Domesday Book" of 1086 as "Lidun", is situated on the Fylde coast, at the mouth of the River Ribble.
 By the 12th century, there was already a church at Lytham, dedicated to Saint Cuthbert.
 Between 1189 and 1194, Richard Fitz Roger of Woodplumpton gave the church and his land at Lytham to the monks of Durham Priory for the foundation of a Benedictine cell.
 Richard already had a personal connection to Durham; he was said to have experienced two miracles ascribed to Saint Cuthbert (whose cult was centred at Durham) and had previously travelled there to give thanks for those miracles.
 This may have been his motivation for donating land to that priory.
 It is unlikely that the monks of Durham held any land at Lytham up to that point.
 As a house dependent on Durham, Lytham Priory was small, with only two or three monks at a time.
Saint Menas (also Minas, Menas, Mena, Mennas) (285 – c. 309), the Martyr and Wonder-worker, is one of the most well-known Egyptian saints in the East and the West, due to the many miracles that are attributed to his intercession and prayers.
 Menas was an Egyptian soldier in the Roman army martyred because he refused to recant his Christian faith.
 The common date of his commemoration is November 11, which occurs 13 days later (November 24) on the Julian calendar.
Saint Gregory of Tours (30 November c. 538 – 17 November 594) was a Gallo-Roman historian and Bishop of Tours, which made him a leading prelate of Gaul.
 He was born Georgius Florentius and later added the name Gregorius in honour of his maternal great-grandfather.
 He is the primary contemporary source for Merovingian history.
 His most notable work was his "Decem Libri Historiarum" ("Ten Books of Histories"), better known as the "Historia Francorum" ("History of the Franks"), a title that later chroniclers gave to it, but he is also known for his accounts of the miracles of saints, especially four books of the miracles of St. Martin of Tours.
 St. Martin's tomb was a major pilgrimage destination in the 6th century, and St. Gregory's writings had the practical effect of promoting this highly organized devotion.
