Häme Castle (Finnish: "Hämeen linna" , Swedish: "Tavastehus slott" ) is a medieval castle in Hämeenlinna, Finland.
 The castle is located on the coast of lake Vanajavesi in the city center.
 The castle was originally located on an island.
 The castle consists of central keep and surrounding curtain walls, surrounded by a moat.
 The keep has originally had five towers yet only two are today apparent.
 The curtain wall has a gatehouse, battlements, an octagonal brick corner tower and a round gun tower.
 The lower tiers of the keep and curtain wall are of masoned granite and upper tiers are red brickwork.
 The moat is in connection with Lake Vanajavesi and is filled with water.
Connection Magazines is an Australian online and print publisher.
 Its core interest is the publication of trade and consumer-focused magazines and online media in the building and construction sector.
 Connection Magazines also incorporates a market research division (Connection Research) and an events division (Connection Events), through which annual Australian industry forums are conducted.
 Connection Magazines also engages in advocacy for the various industries it covers, and is a long-serving member of a variety of international trade organisations (such as the World Plumbing Council).
An authors' editor is a language professional who works "with authors to make draft texts fit for purpose".
 He or she edits manuscripts that have been drafted by the author (or authors) but have not yet been submitted to a publisher for publication.
 This type of editing is called "author editing", to distinguish it from other types of editing done for publishers on documents already accepted for publication: an authors' editor works "with (and, commonly, for) an author rather than for a publisher".
 A term sometimes used synonymously with authors' editor is “manuscript editor” which, however, is less precise as it also refers to editors employed by scholarly journals to edit manuscripts after acceptance (in place of the term copy editor).
Music Connection is a United States-based monthly music-trade magazine, which began publication in 1977.
 It caters to career-minded musicians, songwriters, recording artists and assorted music-industry support personnel.
 The magazine began by focusing on the Southern California music scene, but now has a national focus and national distribution.
 The publication and its website (musicconnection.com) offer inside information about the music business, including specialized directories of contact information about music professionals and Free Classifieds for musicians.
 "Music Connection" also publishes reviews of unsigned and independent live performers and recording artists.
 A number of acclaimed artists achieved their first music-magazine-cover status from "Music Connection".
 Those artists and groups include Guns N' Roses, Madonna, Jane's Addiction, Alanis Morissette, White Stripes and Adele.
A contributing editor is a newspaper, magazine or online job title that varies in its responsibilities.
 Often, but not always, a contributing editor is a 'high-end' freelancer, consultant or expert who has proven ability and has readership draw.
 This contributing editor would regularly contribute articles to the publication but does not always edit articles.
 Here the title "editor" implies a certain level of prestige, rather than a more traditional editing role.
 In other instances, however, a contributing editor may oversee projects or specific aspects of a publication and have more regular editing duties.
 At smaller magazines, the title can imply a staff member with regular writing responsibility and some editorial duties.
Alison Bethel McKenzie (born Alison Bethel January 12, 1966) is an American-born journalist and editor.
 Alison Bethel-McKenzie was previously the executive director of the International Press Institute (IPI) and the first American, first woman and first African American to reach this position since its foundation in 1950.
 She has over 25 years experience in journalism, as a reporter, bureau chief, senior editor and trainer, and is often cited in discussions about press freedom.
 She has been a guest lecturer or visiting professor at African University College of Communications (Lagos, Nigeria), College of the City of Vienna, Colleges throughout India, including in New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad, Howard University (Washington, D.C.), International Academy of Journalism (Hamburg, Germany), Investigative Reporters and Editors (IRE), Nigeria Institute of Journalism, Pennsylvania State University, State University of New York (SUNY) at New Paltz, U.S. Embassies in Ghana, Zambia and Austria, University of Maryland, University of The Bahamas and Indian Institute of Journalism New Media (IIJNM).
 She has twice sponsored the Sadiq Press Freedom Award, conferred each World Press Freedom Day, on May 3, 2015 and May 3, 2017 by the Rural Media Network Pakistan.
 She was a reporter at the now defunct "The State-Times" in Baton Rouge, La from 1988-1990.
 She was a Reporter at the "Times Herald-Record" in Newburgh, N.Y.
 from 1990-1992 and Assistant Business Editor for "The Poughkeepsie Journal" from 1992-1993.
 From 1993–1995 she was the Day City Editor for "The Detroit News".
 From 1995-2000 she was senior assistant city editor at "The Boston Globe", supervising a reporting staff that covered City Hall, urban affairs, and transportation.
 In 2000, she joined "The Detroit News" as features editor, and then became the paper’s Washington, D.C..
 bureau chief from 2001 to 2006, overseeing coverage of the White House and members of Michigan’s congressional delegation.
 She joined the "Legal Times" in Washington, D.C. in 2006 as executive editor, moving on in 2007 to "the Nassau Guardian", in the Bahamas, as managing editor.
Alison Castle is an American photographer and book editor who most prominently worked on "The Stanley Kubrick Archives" for Taschen She is also the editor of "Linda McCartney's Life in Photography", "Some Like It Hot", "Kubrick's Napoleon: The Greatest Movie Never Made", "Marc Newson: Works", and "Saturday Night Live: The Book", all published by TASCHEN.
The Beatles Tapes from the David Wigg Interviews is an audio album of interviews with each of the four members of The Beatles: John Lennon (with his second wife, Yoko Ono), Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr.
 British journalist David Wigg interviewed the individual Beatles at various points from December 1968 or January 1969 to December 1973, and excerpts from some of these recordings constitute the album's spoken words.
 Although he was a columnist ("Young London") for the London newspaper "The Evening News", the interviews were intended for broadcast on BBC Radio 1's "Scene and Heard".
 Interspersed among the interview excerpts are instrumental performances of Beatles songs, played by other musicians.
 The Beatles tried to prevent the album's publication, but it was released in the United Kingdom on 30 July 1976 under the Polydor label (catalogue number 2683 068) and in the United States in 1978.
Wesleyan Methodist Church (Allegheny Conference), also known as the Allegheny Wesleyan Methodist Connection, is a Methodist denomination in the United States within the holiness movement.
 It traces its origin to the Wesleyan Methodist Church which was a Methodist denomination in the United States organized on May 13, 1841.
 The church withdrew from the Methodist Episcopal Church because of disagreements regarding slavery, church government, and the doctrine of holiness according to the Discipline of the Wesleyan Methodist Connection (1841).
 The first secessions in 1841 took place in Michigan although the new church group was formalized in Utica, New York.
 In November 1842, Orange Scott, La Roy Sunderland and J. Horton seceded from the M. E. Church for reasons given in their publication of the "True Wesleyan."
 The following month Luther Lee and L. C. Matlock followed.
 The first general conference was held in Utica, NY in October, 1844.
 Later the name was changed to The Wesleyan Methodist Connection of America.
Jack Bankowsky was the Editor-in-Chief of Artforum throughout the 1990s (1992-2003) and the founding editor of Artforum's sister publication, Bookforum, where he was editor from 1996 to 1998.
 He is currently Editor-at-Large of Artforum and a freelance critic and curator.
 Bankowsky has served on the juries of Takashi Murakami's GEISAI art fair and the Venice Biennale, and his controversial contemporary survey exhibition, "Pop Life: Art in a Material World," (co-curated with Alison Gingeras and Catherine Wood) opened at Tate Modern in the fall of 2009 before traveling to the Hamburger Kunsthalle in Germany and the National Gallery of Canada.
 A visiting scholar at Yale University in the fall of 2004 and 2005, and at UCLA in 2008, he has lectured extensively on contemporary art.
 Recent writings have addressed the art of David Hammons, Louise Lawler, Jason Rhoades, and Richard Prince.
 Bankowsky's essay "Ciao Rensselaerville," on the latter artist's work, appears in the catalogue of his 2007 Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum retrospective.
