Floyd Mayweather vs. Shane Mosley was a boxing welterweight non-title superfight, in which Mayweather won by unanimous decision with two judges scoring it 119–109 and one judge scoring it 118–110.
 The bout was held on May 1, 2010, before a "sellout" crowd of 15,117 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
 Boxing greats Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson were among a long list of celebrities in attendance.
 The match was put together after Andre Berto pulled out of his scheduled January 30 unification bout against Mosley.
Shane Andre Mosley (born September 7, 1971), often known by his nickname "Sugar" Shane Mosley, is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2016.
 He is a four-time world champion in three weight classes, having held the IBF lightweight title; the WBA (Super) and WBC welterweight titles; and the WBA (Super), WBC, and "Ring" magazine light middleweight titles.
 He is also a former lineal champion at welterweight (twice) and light middleweight.
Candelario Duvergel (1963 - 17 June 2016) was an amateur boxer from Cuba.
 Duvergel is better known for winning 2 consecutive Pan American Games gold medals in the light welterweight division.
 Duvergel was renowned for his counter-attacking prowess.
 He won 8 Cuban national championships but he had trouble replicating his success in international competitions, despite regularly defeating other Cuban amateur champions like Juan Carlos Lemus.
 Duvergel defeated Shane Mosley in 1991.
 Duvergel never competed in the Olympics, as Cuba boycotted 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Rocky Mosley Jr. (born Roxell Mosley Jr., March 3, 1956 in Riverside, California) is a retired American professional boxer who fought out of Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Mosley was the NABF and USBA Junior Middleweight Champion.
 At his peak Mosley was ranked as the No. 4 Junior Middleweight in the world by the Ring magazine in 1981, until he lost his North American Championship to Rocky Fratto.
 Mosley's biggest wins were a knockout over former Olympic Bronze medalist Johnny Baldwin and a split-decision over Larry Bonds.
 Baldwin's only loss at the time was a 10 round decision loss to Marvelous Marvin Hagler.
Manny Pacquiao vs. Shane Mosley, billed as The Undaunted, was a welterweight fight for the WBO Welterweight championship.
 The bout was held on May 7, 2011, at MGM Grand, in Las Vegas.
 Pacquiao defeated Mosley by unanimous decision and retained his WBO Welterweight Championship.
 The fight was Manny Pacquiao's first PPV fight in Showtime boxing due to HBO not choosing to air the fight.
Oscar De La Hoya vs. Shane Mosley, billed as "Destiny", was a professional boxing match contested on June 17, 2000 for the WBC, IBA (both held by De La Hoya) and the vacant lineal welterweight championships.
Larry Dennis Mosley (born December 26, 1979) is an American boxer in the Welterweight division.
 Born in Watts, California, Mosley is boxing champion Shane Mosley's cousin.
Golden Boy Promotions, Inc. is a boxing promotional firm started by former boxer 10-time world champion in six weight divisions Oscar De La Hoya (whose nickname is "The Golden Boy").
 De La Hoya owns a majority interest in the firm, with Bernard Hopkins being a minority owner.
 Previously Winky Wright, Shane Mosley, Marco Antonio Barerra and Ricky Hatton held interest in the company.
Naazim Richardson is an American boxing trainer from Philadelphia.
 Richardson is most notable for training Bernard Hopkins and "Sugar" Shane Mosley, in addition to Steve Cunningham and Karl Dargan; furthermore, he is known for catching Antonio Margarito with plaster knuckle pads in his hand-wraps, prior to Margarito's fight with Mosley, leading to Margarito's eventual 1 year suspension from the sport of boxing.
Phillip James Holiday (born 23 May 1970 in Benoni, South Africa) is a professional boxer in the junior middleweight (160 lb) division.
 Holiday turned pro in 1991 and captured the Vacant IBF Lightweight Title in 1995 with a win over Miguel Julio.
 He defended the title six times before losing the belt to Shane Mosley by decision in 1997, in a fight dominated by Mosley.
