The 1983 Tennessee Volunteers Tennessee Volunteers football team (variously "Tennessee", "UT" or the "Vols") represented the University of Tennessee in the 1983 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 Playing as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC), the team was led by head coach Johnny Majors, in his seventh year, and played their home games at Neyland Stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee.
 They finished the season with a record of nine wins and three losses (9–3 overall, 4–2 in the SEC) and a victory over Maryland in the Florida Citrus Bowl.
 The Volunteers offense scored 282 points while the defense allowed 165 points.
The 1938 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1938 season.
 Head coach Robert Neyland fielded his third team at Tennessee after returning from active duty in the United States Army.
 The 1938 Tennessee Volunteers won the school's first national championship and are regarded as one of the greatest teams in SEC and NCAA history.
The 1985 Tennessee Volunteers football team (variously "Tennessee", "UT" or the "Vols") represented the University of Tennessee in the 1985 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 Playing as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC), the team was led by head coach Johnny Majors, in his ninth year, and played their home games at Neyland Stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee.
 They finished the season with a record of nine wins, one loss and two ties (9–1–2 overall, 5–1 in the SEC), as SEC champions and with a victory over Miami in the 1986 Sugar Bowl.
 The Volunteers offense scored 325 points while the defense allowed 140 points.
 At season’s end, the Volunteers ranked fourth in both the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
The 1899 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1899 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season.
 They were the first UT team to have a head coach.
 J. A. Pierce helmed the team in 1899 and 1900.
 The 1899 Tennessee Volunteers won six games and lost two.
The 1891 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1891 season.
 This was the first Tennessee Volunteers football team.
 They traveled on Thanksgiving Day to Chattanooga, Tennessee to face Sewanee.
 They had no head coach and were mainly an intramural team.
The 2012 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Volunteers played their home games at Neyland Stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee and competed in the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
 The team was coached by Derek Dooley, who was in his third season with Tennessee.
 On November 18, 2012 Dooley was fired after 11 games following a 41–18 loss to in-state rival Vanderbilt.
 Dooley ended his three-year tenure at Tennessee with losing records of 16–21 overall and 5-19 in the SEC.
 Offensive coordinator Jim Chaney was named interim head coach for the final game of the season against Kentucky.
 The season was Tennessee's third consecutive losing season, a streak the program had not matched since 1909-1911.
The Georgia–Tennessee football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Georgia Bulldogs football team of the University of Georgia and Tennessee Volunteers football team of the University of Tennessee.
 The series is currently 23–22–2 Tennessee.
 Both teams are founding members of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
 Tennessee and Georgia are the second and third winningest football programs in SEC history, behind only Alabama.
The 1896 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1896 college football season.
 It was the first official Tennessee Volunteers football team since 1893.
 The 1896 Vols went undefeated at 4–0 for the first winning season in school history.
 This was also the Tennessee's first season in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA), though they did not play a conference opponent.
The Tennessee Volunteers football statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Tennessee Volunteers football program in various categories, including passing, rushing, receiving, total offense, defensive stats, and kicking.
 Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders.
 The Volunteers represent University of Tennessee in the NCAA's Southeastern Conference.
The 1930 Tennessee Volunteers football team (variously "Tennessee", "UT" or the "Vols") represented the University of Tennessee in the 1930 college football season.
 Playing as a member of the Southern Conference (SoCon), the team was led by head coach Robert Neyland, in his fifth year, and played their home games at Shields-Watkins Field in Knoxville, Tennessee.
 The 1930 Vols won nine and lost one game (9–1 overall, 6–1 in the SoCon).
 The only loss of the season came on October 18 to eventual Rose Bowl champion, Alabama.
 Tennessee and Vanderbilt were the only teams to score against Alabama in 1930.
 The 1930 Volunteers team outscored their opponents 209 to 31 and posted seven shutouts
