"Let That Be Your Last Battlefield" is the fifteenth episode of the of the original American science fiction television show, "".
 It was first broadcast January 10, 1969, on NBC and repeated August 12, 1969.
 It was written by Oliver Crawford, based on a story by Gene L. Coon (writing under his pen name "Lee Cronin") and directed by Jud Taylor.
 The script evolved from an outline by Barry Trivers for a possible first season episode called "A Portrait in Black and White".
 The script was accepted for the third season following budget cuts.
 The episode guest-stars Lou Antonio and Frank Gorshin (the latter best known for his role as The Riddler in the "Batman" live-action television series).
Old 8×10 is the third studio album by country music star Randy Travis.
 It was released on July 12, 1988 by Warner Bros.
 Records Nashville.
 The album produced the singles "Honky Tonk Moon", "Deeper Than the Holler", "Is It Still Over", and "Promises".
 All of these except "Promises" reached Number One on the Hot Country Songs charts in the late 1980s.
 The German edition of the album (the first Randy Travis release in that country) contained the bonus track "Forever and Ever, Amen".
 In January 1990, Old 8×10 earned Travis three American Music Awards for 'Favorite Country Male Artist', 'Favorite Country Album', and 'Favorite Country Single' (Deeper Than the Holler).
Joey Miyashima (born November 18, 1957) is a Japanese American television and film actor.
 Miyashima played Pee-wee Herman's Japanese pen pal, Oki Doki, in "Accidental Playhouse", an episode of "Pee-Wee's Playhouse".
 He had a role in an episode ("9 Minutes and 52 Seconds Over Tokyo") of "The Tracey Ullman Show", and another in its spin-off, "The Simpsons", as the voice of Toshiro, the apprentice chef, in the episode called "One Fish, Two Fish, Blowfish, Blue Fish".
 In 2006, he played the role of Principal Dave Matsui in the Disney Channel Original Movie "High School Musical", and reprised it in "" (2008).
 In 2009 he had a cameo as a police officer in the new DCOM "Dadnapped".
The sixth season of the American comedy television series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" premiered on FX on September 16, 2010.
 The season contains 14 episodes and concluded airing on December 9, 2010 with the hour-long Christmas special (which was produced for season 5, however aired as part of season 6).
 An additional episode called "The Gang Gets Successful" (production code IP06004) was produced for this season, but was not aired, despite scenes from the episode being included in promotional material for season 6.
 It was later re-edited with new scenes to create the season 7 episode "How Mac Got Fat".
The Surreal Life: Fame Games is an American reality television series that was originally broadcast on the VH1 cable network.
 A spin-off of the VH1 show, "The Surreal Life", the show assembles ten alumni of the show's 6 prior seasons to compete in a ten-week competition that takes place in Las Vegas, with the winner taking home a prize of $100,000 provided by the online gaming site Golden Palace.net.
 Robin Leach is the host.
 The contestants also compete in a game show format elimination round in each episode called "Back to Reality" that sees the losers, in the first 3 weeks of the competition, sent to "the B-List" which consists of living in a less luxurious wing of the mansion than the rest of the housemates, who are designated as "the A-List".
 In the later weeks, when the teams are split evenly, they compete in team competitions where the losing team must send 3 members to play "Back to Reality" to eliminate one person from the competition entirely.
Emily Bowker is a British actress who has appeared on television in programmes such as Neighbours, High School Musical The TV Show Starring Emily Bowker "Upstairs Downstairs", "Shameless", "Torchwood", "Holby City", "Wire in the Blood", and "The Bill".
 Her theatrical career to date includes plays at The Birmingham Rep, West Yorkshire Playhouse, The Salisbury Playhouse, The Arcola Theatre, Finborough Theatre, Bristol Old Vic, Cheltenham Everyman and Theatre Clywd.
 She has also performed in various plays for BBC Radio 4 and appeared in the independent British feature film "City Rats".
 In Torchwood, she appeared as Ellie Johnson in a 2006 episode called "Countrycide".
 Emily is also predicted to reunite Zanessa as a romantic couple in future years.
Amber Hunt is a journalist and true crime author.
 After covering local news at small papers in Iowa and Michigan, Hunt was hired at the "Detroit Free Press", where she covered crime for nearly eight years.
 In 2005, she won the Al Nakkula Award for Police Reporting.
 In 2007 and 2008, she appeared on NBC's "Dateline" program, first in an episode called "The Valentine's Day Mystery" and then in "Disappearance at the Dairy Queen" (later renamed "The Case of the Girl Who Never Came Home.")
Glee: The Music, The Power of Madonna is the debut extended play (EP) by the cast of the musical television series "Glee".
 It contains eight songs from the season one "Glee" episode, "The Power of Madonna", which was a tribute episode dedicated to American recording artist Madonna.
 She had sold the rights to her entire catalog of music to "Glee" in 2009, and producers of the show developed the episode called "The Power of Madonna"; the show featured a number of cover versions of Madonna's songs by the cast.
 The accompanying EP released with the airing of the show was called "Glee: The Music, The Power of Madonna".
"Back Up, Dancer" is the second episode of the seventh season of the American television series "Will & Grace".
 It was written by Tracy Poust and Jon Kinnally and directed by series producer James Burrows.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on September 23, 2004.
 Guest stars in "Back Up, Dancer" include Will Arnett, Bobby Cannavale, and Janet Jackson.
My Generation, hosted by Leeza Gibbons, is a lively lifestyle show covering issues from health and money to relationships and enjoying life.
 It also profiles inspiring individuals who make a difference by giving back.
 One full episode called, “Quiet Heroes”, nominated for an Emmy Award, includes stories about a running club started to help homeless men get back on their feet and African American Giving Circles.
