ICI Fibres developed the Crimplene fibre.
 It is a thick, polyester yarn used to make a fabric of the same name.
 The resulting cloth is heavy, wrinkle-resistant and retains its shape well.
 Britain's defunct ICI Laboratory developed the fibre in the early 1950s and named it after the Crimple Valley in which the company was situated.
ICI House (now Orica House) is a 19-storey office building in East Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
 Begun in 1955, it was the tallest building in Australia upon completion in 1958, breaking Melbourne's long standing 132ft height limit, and was the first International Style skyscraper in the country.
 It symbolised progress, modernity, efficiency and corporate power in postwar Melbourne, and heralded the construction of the high-rise office buildings, changing the shape of Australia's major urban centres forever.
Hammacher Schlemmer is an American catalog company founded in 1848.
 The company provides unique products that solve problems or represent the only one of their kind.
 Headquarters are in Niles, Illinois, and they have an annual catalog circulation exceeding 50 million.
 The company is employee owned and considered to be a renowned purveyor of gadgetry and elegant gifts.
 Every item that is sold comes with the Hammacher Schlemmer Lifetime Guarantee ("We make an unconditional and unwavering promise: Our merchandise is guaranteed for life").
Recettear: An Item Shop’s Tale (RECETTEAR〜アイテム屋さんのはじめ方〜 , Rusettia – Aitemu-ya-san no Hajimekata , "Recettear: How to Start an Item Shop") is a role-playing game developed by Japanese dōjin maker EasyGameStation for the Windows operating system.
 The game follows a young girl named Recette, who is charged by the fairy Tear to run an item shop out of her house to pay off the considerable debt her father had accumulated before his mysterious disappearance; the eponymous shop is a portmanteau of the lead characters' names but also a pun on the word "racketeer".
 In the game, the player controls Recette in several areas of gameplay, including bargaining and haggling with clients for goods, and accompanying an adventurer into randomly generated dungeons to acquire goods to sell, with the goal of paying back the debt within a fixed deadline.
A deposit slip is a form supplied by a bank for a depositor to fill out, designed to document in categories the items included in the deposit transaction.
 The categories include type of item, and if it is a cheque, where it is from such as a local bank or a state if the bank is not local.
 The teller keeps the deposit slip along with the deposit (cash and cheques), and provides the depositor with a receipt.
 They are filled in a store and not a bank, so it is very convenient in paying.
 They also are a means of transport of money.
 Pay-in slips encourage the sorting of cash and coins, are filled in and signed by the person who deposited the money, and some tear off from a record that is also filled in by the depositor.
 Deposit slips are also called deposit tickets and come in a variety of designs.
 They are signed by the depositor if the depositor is cashing some of the accompanying check and depositing the rest.
Datalogix is a consumer data collection company based in Denver, Colorado.
 Datalogix provides online, direct mail, and mobile services to their clients.
 The company's primary objective is to obtain and track offline and online data purchasing behavioral patterns, with the use of information obtained from retailers' loyalty card programs.
 This information is used to help advertisers maximize ad campaigns that will potentially increase profits.
 However, Datalogix clients extend further than retail stores, as some of their clients include grocers, travel agencies, Pepsico, Ford, and the Dr. Pepper Snapple Group.
 After consumer spending behaviors are measured, the information is sold to advertising companies and publishers, such as Facebook and Google.
 Advertisers then use the information obtained to tailor online ads based on what a consumer purchases offline, with the belief that a consumer is likely to purchase more of a particular offline item, if they see more advertisements for that product online.
 The advertisers also use this information to reach new or existing customers.
 In turn, publishers use the data from companies, such as Datalogix, to determine the amount of profit advertisers earned and to convince them to purchase more ads that will feature on their websites.
 Advertisers and publishers frequently use Datalogix to help increase profits, as the use of digital media continues to expand.
A Uniform Type Identifier (UTI) is a text string used on software provided by Apple Inc. to uniquely identify a given class or type of item.
 Apple provides built-in UTIs to identify common system objects – document or image file types, folders and application bundles, streaming data, clipping data, movie data – and allows third party developers to add their own UTIs for application-specific or proprietary uses.
 Support for UTIs was added in the Mac OS X 10.4 operating system, integrated into the Spotlight desktop search technology, which uses UTIs to categorize documents.
 One of the primary design goals of UTIs was to eliminate the ambiguities and problems associated with inferring a file's content from its MIME type, filename extension, or type or creator code.
Type 346 radar is a highly digitized, multi-function, dual-band (S and C bands) naval active phased array radar (APAR) installed on Type 052C destroyers, Type 052D destroyers and Type 055 destroyers of the PLAN.
 The radar is named as the Star of the Sea (Hai-Zhi-Xing, 海之星) by its developer and it is one of the two competitors for PLAN’s SAPARS (Shipborne Active Phased Array Radar System) project/program.
 Due to its secrecy and lack of information, Type 346 radar has been frequently but erroneously confused with a Chinese fire control radar Type 348, and mistakenly identified as Type 348 by many sources.
 Furthermore, it is also frequently confused with and misidentified as Sea Lion series C-band phased array radars developed by another design house.
Insurance in Serbia refers to the market for risk in the Republic of Serbia.
 Insurance, generally, is a contract in which the insurer (stock insurance company, mutual insurance company, or reciprocal, for example), agrees to compensate or indemnify another party (the insured, the policyholder or a beneficiary) for specified loss or damage to a specified thing (e.g., an item, property or life) from certain perils or risks in exchange for a fee (the insurance premium).
 For example, a property insurance company may agree to bear the risk that a particular piece of property (e.g., a car or a house) may suffer a specific type or types of damage or loss during a certain period of time in exchange for a fee from the policyholder who would otherwise be responsible for that damage or loss.
 That agreement takes the form of an insurance policy.
The misinformation effect happens when a person's recall of episodic memories becomes less accurate because of "post-event information".
 For example, in a study published in 1994, subjects were initially shown one of two different series of slides that depicted a college student at the university bookstore, with different objects of the same type changed in some slides.
 One version of the slides would, for example, show a screwdriver while the other would show a wrench, and the audio narrative accompanying the slides would only refer to the object as a "tool".
 In the second phase, subjects would read a narrative description of the events in the slides, except this time a specific tool was named, which would be the incorrect tool half the time.
 Finally, in the third phase, subjects had to list five examples of specific types of objects, such as tools, but were told to only list examples which they had "not" seen in the slides.
 Subjects who had read an incorrect narrative were far less likely to list the written object (which they hadn't actually seen) than the control subjects (28% vs. 43%), and were far more likely to incorrectly list the item which they had actually seen (33% vs. 26%).
