Ali Akbar Natiq is an Urdu poet and short story writer from Pakistan.
 Ali Akbar Natiq began working as a mason, specializing in domes and minarets, to contribute to the family income while he read widely in Urdu and Arabic.
 Acclaimed as one of the brightest stars in PakistanвҖҷs literary firmament, Natiq has published two volumes of poetry and one collection of short stories.
 His latest has been featured in "Granta" magazine's special issue on Pakistan.
Mirza Hosseingholi, also known as "Agha Mirza Hosseingholi Farahani" (1853 in Tehran вҖ“ 1916 in Tehran), was a musician and tar player.
 He and his older brother Mirza Abdollah started learning music from their father Ali Akbar Farahani who was a well-known musician.
 He is best known for his radif and for his unique style of playing tar.
 His best student was Ali Akbar Shahnazi, who collected and performed his father's radif.
Ali Akbar Bahman (also Mirza Ali Akbar Khan; b. 1883 - d. 1967) was an Iranian employee of the Foreign Ministry, diplomat and politician under the Qajar and Pahlavi dynasties.
 Ali Akbar Bahman was during the rule of the Qajar dynasty as well as at the time of Reza Shah Pahlavi ambassador and minister.
Achan (English: "Father" ) is a 2011 Malayalam-language film directed by Ali Akbar and starring Thilakan.
 The film is based on a drama of the same name written by S. R. Raveendran, who also scripted the film.
 The film's shooting began on 28 July 2010, and was scheduled to release by October.
 Several issues regarding the casting of Thilakan, an expelled member of the Association of Malayalam Movie Artists, led the film to a delayed release on 14 January 2011.
 Ali AkbarвҖҷs wife produced the film; the music was composed by his daughter.
Ali Akbar Khan (14 April 192218 June 2009) was a Hindustani classical musician of the Maihar gharana, known for his virtuosity in playing the sarod.
 Trained as a classical musician and instrumentalist by his father, Allauddin Khan, Khan also composed several classical "ragas" and film scores.
 He established a music school in Calcutta in 1956, and the Ali Akbar College of Music in 1967, which moved with him to the USA and is now based in San Rafael, California, with a branch in Basel, Switzerland.
Ali Akbar Shiroodi (Persian: Ш№Щ„ЫҢвҖҢШ§Ъ©ШЁШұ ШҙЫҢШұЩҲШҜЫҢвҖҺ вҖҺ ) was one of the pilots who had the highest number of flights in the world.
 Ali Akbar Shiroodi, according to air-war experts, was one of the most prominent helicopter pilots in the world.
 They consider him a stylist pilot in flights and air combats, in a way that when attaching the enemy he would dive obliquely and maneuver like a jet plane.
 Also he had the highest number of flights in the world.
 He was injured 40 times and 300 times shelled.
 He defended the Iranian territories during the initial years of Iran-Iraq war.
Ali Akbar Mousavi Khoeini В В  (Persian: Ш№Щ„ЫҢ Ш§Ъ©ШЁШұ Щ…ЩҲШіЩҲЫҢ Ш®ЩҲЫҢЫҢЩҶЫҢвҖҺ вҖҺ ) (also known as Seyed Ali Akbar Mosavi) is a notable Iranian human rights activist and politician.
 He was an active member of Tahkim vahdat before he was elected as a Member of Parliament in the 6th Parliament of Iran.
 In the parliament, he made a significant attempt to defend the rights of political prisoners during the 1990s.
 He is currently the president of Advar Tahkim Vahdat.
An electric musical instrument is one in which the use of electric devices determines or affects the sound produced by an instrument.
 Electric musical instruments are an example of electric music technology.
 It is also known as an amplified musical instrument due to the common utilization of an electronic instrument amplifier to project the intended sound as determined by electric signals from the instrument.
 Two common types of instrument amplifiers are the guitar amplifier and the bass amplifier.
 This is not the same as an electronic musical instrument, like a synthesizer, which uses entirely electronic means to both create and control sound.
Music of India: Morning and Evening Ragas is the debut album by Indian sarod master Ali Akbar Khan, released in 1955.
 Issued on Angel Records, it is considered a landmark recording, being the first album of Indian classical music ever released.
<ref name="Hunt/AAK obit">Ken Hunt, "Ustad Ali Akbar Khan: Sarod maestro who played with Ravi Shankar and appeared at the Concert for Bangladesh", "The Independent", 25 June 2009 (retrieved 3 December 2013).
</ref>
The Ali Akbar College of Music (AACM) is the name of three schools founded by Indian musician Ali Akbar Khan to teach Indian classical music.
 The first was founded in 1956 in Calcutta, India.
 The second was founded in 1967 in Berkeley, California, but moved to its current location in San Rafael, California the next year.
 The third was founded in 1985 in Basel, Switzerland and is run by Khan's disciple Ken Zuckerman.
