John Skorupski (born 19 September 1946) is a British philosopher whose main interests are epistemology, ethics and moral philosophy, political philosophy, and the history of 19th and 20th century philosophy.
 He is best known for his work on John Stuart Mill and his study of normativity, "The Domain of Reasons".
Petar II Petrović-Njegoš (, ] ; 13 November [O.S. 1 November] 1813  – 31 October [O.S. 19 October] 1851 ), commonly referred to simply as Njegoš, was a Prince-Bishop ("vladika") of Montenegro, poet and philosopher whose works are widely considered some of the most important in Montenegrin and Serbian literature.
Timothy Williamson, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 August 1955) is a British philosopher whose main research interests are in philosophical logic, philosophy of language, epistemology and metaphysics.
Cid Ricketts Sumner (September 27, 1890 – October 15, 1970) was a novelist from the United States whose works inspired several Hollywood films.
 She also taught English at a Jackson, Mississippi, high school and French at Millsaps College.
Kate Horsley is the author of two novels, "The American Girl" and "The Monster’s Wife".
 Most of her short and long fiction, including "The American Girl", has been within the crime fiction genre, although her début novel, "The Monster’s Wife", is historical gothic fiction.
 Horsley is a co-editor (with her mother, Lee Horsley) of crime fiction review site crimeculture.com.
Kate Horsley (born 1952) is the pen name of Kate Parker, an author of numerous works of historical fiction three of which are rooted in the Old West.
 Parker is a professor of English at Central New Mexico Community College in Albuquerque.
 She has a lifelong flirtation with Zen after reading Alan Watts.
 Her published novels include:
Robbie Stamp (born 1960) was the CEO of The Digital Village, a position that came about partly because of his friendship with author Douglas Adams, whose works inspired the site.
 Stamp was also the executive producer of the movie version of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy".
Qu You (, 1341–1427), courtesy name Zongji (宗吉) and self-nicknamed Cunzhai (存齋, "Reading Studio of Existence"), was a Chinese novelist who lived in the Ming Dynasty, and whose works inspired a new genre fantasy works with political subtext of the Qing Dynasty.
Seyyed Ahmad Fardid (Persian: سید احمد فردید‎ ‎ ) (Born in 1912, Yazd – 16 August 1994, Tehran), born Ahmad Mahini Yazdi, was a prominent Iranian philosopher and an inspiring and dedicated professor of Tehran University.
 He is considered to be among the philosophical ideologues of the Islamic government of Iran which came to power in 1979.
 Fardid was under the influence of Martin Heidegger, the influential German philosopher, whom he considered "the only Western philosopher who understood the world and the only philosopher whose insights were congruent with the principles of the Islamic Republic.
 These two figures, Khomeini and Heidegger, helped Fardid argue his position."
 What he decried was the anthropocentrism and rationalism brought by classical Greece, replacing the authority of God and faith with human reason, and in that regard he also criticized Islamic philosophers like al Farabi and Mulla Sadra for having absorbed Greek philosophy.
John Llewelyn (born 1928) is a Welsh-born British philosopher whose extensive body of work, published over a period of more than forty years, spans the divide between Analytical and Continental schools of contemporary thought.
 He has conjoined the rigorous approach to matters of meaning and logic typical of the former and the depth and range of reference typical of the latter in a constructive and critical engagement with the work of Jacques Derrida and Emmanuel Levinas.
