Karishma Tanna (born 21 December 1983) is an Indian film actress, model and anchor who predominantly works in Hindi films and shows.
 She is well known for her role in "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi", "Naagarjuna – Ek Yodha".
 She was a contestant in the popular controversial reality show "Bigg Boss" in 2014.
 She also appeared in more reality shows like "Zara Nachke Dikha" (2008), "Nach Baliye" (2015) and "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" (2016).
Rehman Khan (born August 21, 1979) is an Indian stand up comedian and a film actor.
 He participated in "Comedy Circus 2" (2008), Comedy Circus Chincpokli to China, Comedy Circus 20 20 with Rakshanda Khan, Comedy ka Mahasangram with Karishma Tanna, Jubilee Comedy Circus with Saloni Daini, Comedy Ke Superstar with Usha Nadkarni, Comedy Circus Ki Kahani with Ragini Khanna, "Comedy Circus 3 Ka Tadka" (2009) with Anoop Soni, and Shweta Tiwari on Sony Television.
 Rehman was also part of Star One show, The Great Indian Laughter Challenge season 3, Comedy Champions on Sahara TV Chote Miya Bade Miya on Colors TV, Comedy Ka Maha Muqabala on Star Plus, Nautanki-The Comedy Theatre on Colors TV 2013, Mad in India with Sunil Grover on Star Plus 2014.
Tina & Lolo is an upcoming Bollywood action erotic  thriller film directed by Devang Dholakia.
 It features Sunny Leone and Karishma Tanna in the lead roles.
 Filming began in 2013, and Leone bruised her ribs during a stunt performance.
 The film was scheduled for a worldwide release in 2015 but has been delayed for some unknown reasons.
BIG Memsaab is a reality show aired on Reliance Broadcast Network Limited’s regional channel BIG Magic.
 It provides housewives from Central India a platform to showcase their skills, personality, creativity and talent.
 "BIG Memsaab" is a knock-out show wherein one contestant is eliminated at the end of every episode.
 It is judge by Sambhavna Seth , and Karishma Tanna with current host Pritam Singh (actor) .
 "BIG Memsaab" also has a Punjabi version called "BIG Punjaban" which airs on the Spark Punjabi.
 This is the flagship show for the channel with most number of seasons and has recently ended its seventh season on 12 July 2013.
Paalkhi is a Hindi language Indian drama television series which premiered on 13 June 2005 on Zee TV.
 The series is produced by Prem Krishen of Cinevistaas Limited and starred Karishma Tanna and Abhay Vakil in the main lead.
Grand Masti (English: "Grand Fun") also referred to as Masti 2 is a Bollywood sex-comedy film directed by Indra Kumar and produced by Ashok Thakeria.
 The film is a sequel to the 2004 film "Masti", and the second installment of "Masti film series".
 It features Riteish Deshmukh, Vivek Oberoi and Aftab Shivdasani reprising their roles from the original, yet the film does not continue and is a new installment.
 The film also stars Bruna Abdullah, Karishma Tanna, Sonalee Kulkarni, Kainaat Arora, Maryam Zakaria and Manjari Fadnis.
 "Grand Masti" released on 13 September 2013.
India's Magic Star was an Indian reality show that aired on STAR One.
 It was hosted by Karishma Tanna.
 Every participant performed several magic tricks in this game show.
Meethi Choori No 1 was a 2010 Indian reality show aired on Imagine TV, hosted by Jay Bhanushali and Shabbir Ahluwalia starring actresses Yami Gautam, Sukirti Kandpal, Abigail Jain, Karishma Tanna, Rakshanda Khan, Vibha Anand, Sanaya Irani, Ragini Khanna, Gauri Pradhan Tejwani, Narayani Shastri, Rupali Ganguly, Sriti Jha and Mona Singh.
I Am Sorry Mathe Banni Preethsona is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Prem Kumar and Karishma Tanna in the lead roles.
 The film is directed by Ravindra H P Das.
 Anoop Seelin is the music director of the film.
 Vinay Narkar has jointly produced the film with Ravindra.
 The film released on 17 June 2011.
Karenjit Kaur Vohra (born May 13, 1981), known by her stage name Sunny Leone (pronounced ), is a Canadian-born Indian-American actress and model, currently active in Indian film industry.
 She is a former pornstar.
 She has an American citizenship.
 She has also used the stage name Karen Malhotra.
