Den Helder Zuid railway station (English: "Den Helder South") serves the town of Den Helder, Netherlands.
 The station opened on 31 May 1980 and is located on the Den Helder–Amsterdam railway.
 The train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
 The station has two platforms, of which only one is in use for both directions.
The Bombing of Durango took place on 31 March 1937, during the Spanish Civil War.
 On 31 March 1937 the Nationalists started their offensive against the Republican held province of Biscay.
 The same day the "Legion Condor" and the "Aviazione Legionaria" bombed the town of Durango.
 Around 250 civilians died, among them one priest and fourteen nuns.
 Durango was the first defenseless European city bombed.
 The Nationalists never acknowledged their guilt.
Callantsoog (West Frisian: "Kallantsouge") is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland.
 It is a part of the municipality of Schagen, and lies about 18 km south of Den Helder.
 Callantsoog was a separate municipality until 1990, when it was merged with Zijpe.
 Since 1990, the area of Callantsoog had made part of the municipalities of Zijpe, Den Helder, and Anna Paulowna.
 In 2012, Anna Paulowna has become part of the new municipality of Hollands Kroon, and in 2013, Zijpe merged with Schagen into the new municipality of Schagen.
 For that reason the area of Callantsoog has made part of the municipalities of Schagen, Den Helder and Hollands Kroon since 2013.
Naco is a Mexican town in Naco Municipality located in the northeast part of Sonora state on the border with the United States.
 It is directly across from the unincorporated town of Naco, Arizona.
 The name Naco comes from the Opata language and means nopal cactus.
 The town saw fighting during the Mexican Revolution and during a rebellion led by General José Gonzalo Escobar in 1929.
 During the second conflict, an American pilot by the name of Patrick Murphy volunteered to bomb federal forces for the rebels, but mistakenly bombed Naco, Arizona, instead.
 Today, the town has been strongly affected by the smuggling of drugs, people and weapons across the international border.
Identity tourism research dates back to a 1984 special issue of Annals of Tourism Research guest edited by Pierre L. van den Berghe and Charles F. Keyes This volume examines the ways in which tourism intersects with the (re-)formation and revision of various forms of identity, particularly ethnic and cultural identities.
 Since that time, various scholars have examined the intersection between dimensions of identity and tourism.
 An important early contribution to the study of identity tourism was Lanfant, Allcock and Bruner's 1995 edited volume "International Tourism, Identity and Change".
 As with the Keyes and van den Berghe special issue of Annals of Tourism Research, this volume moved us away from studying the impact of tourism on identity to investigating the intersection of tourism and identity in more dynamic ways, among other things looking at how "local" and "tourist" identities are mutually-constructed.
 Likewise, Michel Picard and Robert Wood's path-breaking edited volume "Tourism, Ethnicity and the State in Asian and Pacific Societies" (1997, University of Hawaii Press), examined the ways in which tourism intersections with ethnic, cultural, regional and national identities, as well as with the political agendas of Pacific island and Southeast Asian states.
 Abrams, Waldren and Mcleod's 1997 volume Tourists and Tourism: Identifying with People and Places also offered compelling case studies examining issues surrounding the construction of identity in the context of tourism.
 Among other things the chapters in their volume investigated tourists' views of themselves and others in the course of their travels, the relationship of travelers to resident populations, and the ways in which tourists' quests for authenticity are entangled with their own sensibilities about their own identities.
Den Helder is a Terminus railway station in the naval town of Den Helder, The Netherlands.
 The station opened on 20 December 1865, and is the most northerly station in North Holland.
 The station is the start of the Den Helder–Amsterdam railway.
 The original station building was demolished in 1958 and a new building was built a bit further south than previous.
The Institut Jeanne d'Arc, also Den Franske Skole, was a French-language Roman Catholic school at 74 Frederiksberg Allé in the Frederiksberg district of central Copenhagen, Denmark.
 Established in 1924, it was accidentally bombed by the Royal Air Force on 21 March 1945 causing the death of 86 children and 18 adults.
Den Dolder ( ) is a town in the Dutch province of Utrecht.
 It is a part of the municipality of Zeist, and lies about 4 km northeast of Bilthoven.
 Den Dolder has a railway station on the route between Amersfoort and Utrecht and is best known for its mental institutions such as Dennendal and the Willem Arntz Hoeve.
 Den Dolder also houses the big Dutch sauce manufacturer Remia referring to Den Dolder as Holland's Heart of Sauces as is depicted on the factory's side and is visible from the train passing by.
Namsos is a town and the administrative center of Namsos municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
 It is located where the river of Namsen flows into Namsenfjorden.
 Namsos received township in 1846.
 In 1940, the town was bombed in the Namsos Campaign.
 The town was the terminus of the Namsos Line and is served by Namsos Airport, Høknesøra.
 County Road 17 runs through the town, which is also the location of Namsos Hospital.
 The 4.5 km2 town has a population (2013) of 8,282; giving the town a population density of 1840 PD/km2 .
The Olyftack (Olive Branch), or in full "Gulde van den Heyligen Geest die men noempt den Olyftack" (Confraternity of the Holy Spirit called the Olive Branch) was a chamber of rhetoric that dates back to the early 16th century in Antwerp, when it was a social drama society drawing its membership primarily from merchants and tradesmen.
 In 1660 it merged with its former rival the Violieren (which was more closely associated with artists and intellectuals), and in 1762 the society was dissolved altogether.
