The Metropolitan Junior Hockey League was an American Tier III Junior ice hockey league with teams throughout the eastern United States.
 The MJHL was part of the Atlantic Metropolitan Hockey League organization.
 Founded in 1966 by New York Rangers GM, Emile Francis, the Metropolitan Junior Hockey League played its 50th season in 2015–16.
 Prior to its 51st season, the league's operations were taken over by the North American Hockey League and it was renamed to North American 3 Atlantic Hockey League (NA3AHL) for the 2016–17 season.
 In 2017, the remaining teams joined the Eastern Hockey League.
Donald "Nipper" O'Hearn (February 14, 1928 – January 25, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played over 200 games combined in the Pacific Coast Hockey League, United States Hockey League, American Hockey League, Maritime Major Hockey League, Quebec Hockey League, International Hockey League, and Eastern Hockey League.
 He was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia and raised in St. Catharines, Ontario.
 He died after a long illness in a hospital at St. Catharines in 2015.
John Torchetti (born July 9, 1964) is a former American ice hockey player, and current assistant coach for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Torchetti previously served as the head coach for the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League (2002–2003), the Moncton Wildcats of the QMJHL (2006–2007), the Iowa Wild of the American Hockey League (2014–2016), and interim head coach of the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (2016).
 He also served as an assistant coach with the Tampa Bay Lightning, Atlanta Thrashers, and Chicago Blackhawks; Kontinental Hockey League's HC CSKA Moscow.
 Torchetti was also the interim head coach for the Florida Panthers, and the Los Angeles Kings.
The American Hockey League is a minor professional ice hockey league in the United States and Canada.
 It serves as the top developmental league for the National Hockey League.
 The league played its first season in 1936 as the International-American Hockey League, a "circuit of mutual convenience" formed when the Northeast-based Canadian-American Hockey League and the Midwest-based International Hockey League agreed to play an interlocking schedule.
 After two seasons, the leagues formally merged into a unified league under the I-AHL name.
 After the 1939–40 season, the league became known as the American Hockey League.
Marcel Cousineau (born April 30, 1973) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 26 games in the National Hockey League.
 He was selected by Boston Bruins in third round of the NHL draft.
 As a rookie, he was named to the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League All-Rookie Team.
 He also played professionally for the Toronto Maple Leafs (1996–98), New York Islanders (1998–99), Los Angeles Kings (1999-2000).
 Between his starts in the NHL he played stints in the minors (American Hockey League, International Hockey League, Quebec Senior Hockey League, Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey) and overseas Russia (Kontinental Hockey League):
Dan Frawley (1882–1967) was a pioneer Australian rugby league footballer, a national representative player.
 He played his career as a winger with the Eastern Suburbs club in Sydney and is considered one of the nation's finest footballers of the 20th century.
 A fast and agile winger, with an ability to effortlessly change direction, Frawley was at club and representative levels generally positioned on the outside of rugby league Immortal Dally Messenger, creating a formidable combination.
 He was a noted speedster who, on the 1908–09 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain, was acclaimed as the "100 yards champion" of the squad.
The Philadelphia Arrows were a professional ice hockey team that played in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 Founded in 1927, the club was Philadelphia's first professional hockey team and played in the Canadian-American Hockey League.
 The team changed its name to the Philadelphia Ramblers beginning with the 1935-36 season when it became affiliated with the NHL New York Rangers.
 The following season and Ramblers and the C-AHL began playing an interlocking schedule with the International Hockey League for two seasons before the two circuits formally merged to form a new International American Hockey League (renamed the American Hockey League in 1940) in June, 1938.
 (The Ramblers continued to play in this league until folding in 1941.)
Carter Bancks (born August 9, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with and serving as captain of the Utica Comets of the American Hockey League (AHL).
 He played the 2013–14 season under contract to with the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 An undrafted player, Bancks played four seasons of junior in the Western Hockey League (WHL) and four more in the American Hockey League (AHL) before making his NHL debut in 2013.
 Bancks was born in Calgary, Alberta, but grew up in Marysville, British Columbia
Robert James Sullivan (born November 29, 1957) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 62 games in the National Hockey League.
 He played for the Hartford Whalers.
 Prior to joining the NHL, Sullivan played in the American Hockey League and International Hockey League, winning the Dudley "Red" Garrett Memorial Award as the rookie of the year in the American Hockey League in 1981–82.
Bryan Berry Helmer (born July 15, 1972) is a former professional ice hockey player.
 He is currently the VP of Hockey Operations with the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League (AHL).
 He previously served as an assistant coach with the Bears and the Peterborough Petes of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL).
 A veteran of over 1,000 AHL and IHL games, Helmer previously served as captain for the Hershey Bears in the American Hockey League (AHL).
 He has also played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Phoenix Coyotes, St. Louis Blues, Vancouver Canucks and the Washington Capitals.
