George V Bridge or King George V Bridge may refer to a number of different bridges named after the British king:
Harrington Bridge crosses the River Trent near Sawley in Derbyshire carrying the "Tamworth Road" (B6540) into Leicestershire.
 The stonework of the bridge dates from 1790, but the central section was replaced in 1905 after it was damaged by flood water.
 The central section is the only part of the bridge that is not a listed building.
George V Bridge (sometimes referred to as King George V Bridge) is a three-arched road bridge over the River Clyde in the city centre of Glasgow, Scotland, named after King George V.
HMS "King George V" (pennant number 41) was the lead ship of the five British "King George V"-class battleships of the Royal Navy.
 Laid down in 1937 and commissioned in 1940, "King George V" operated during the Second World War in all three major theatres of war, the Atlantic, Mediterranean and Pacific, as well as part of the British Home Fleet and Pacific Fleets.
 In May 1941, along with HMS "Rodney" , "King George V" was involved in the hunt for and pursuit of the  , eventually inflicting severe damage which led to the German vessel sinking.
 On 1 May 1942 the destroyer HMS "Punjabi" sank after a collision with "King George V" in foggy conditions.
 "King George V" took part in Operation Husky (the allied landings in Sicily) and bombarded the island of Levanzo and the port of Trapani.
 She also escorted part of the surrendered Italian Fleet, which included the battleships "Andrea Doria" and "Caio Duilio" , to Malta.
 In 1945 "King George V" took part in operations against the Japanese in the Pacific.
Keadby Bridge, more formally known as the King George V Bridge, crosses the River Trent near Althorpe and Keadby in Lincolnshire, England.
 It was designed by Alfred Charles Gardner FRSE MIME.
The Demerara Harbour Bridge is a 6074 ft long floating toll bridge.
 It was commissioned on 2 July 1978.
 The bridge crosses the Demerara River 4 mi south of the Guyanese capital Georgetown, from Peter's Hall, East Bank Demerara to Schoon Ord, West Bank Demerara, connecting Demerara-Mahaica (Region 4) with Essequibo Islands-West Demerara (Region 3) on the west bank.
 There is a pedestrian footwalk.
 A raised section lets small vessels pass under.
 A retractor span lets large vessels pass.
 Construction of the Demerara Harbour Bridge began on 29 May 1976.
 Construction assistance was provided by the British Government, but the basic design was by a Guyanese, Capt. John Patrick Coghlan.
 The bridge was only designed to last 10 years, yet it is still going strong.
 Tolls are collected only in one direction of travel even though the bridge handles one lane of traffic in each direction.
 Traffic going west to east pays no toll.
Yoxall is a large village in Staffordshire, England.
 It is on the banks of the River Swarbourn on the A515 road north of Lichfield and south west of Burton upon Trent.
 South of the village, Yoxall Bridge crosses the River Trent.
Rectory Junction Viaduct, also known as the Radcliffe Viaduct, crosses the River Trent between Netherfield and Radcliffe on Trent near Nottingham.
 It is a Grade II listed building.
The George V Bridge is a road and tram bridge that crosses the Loire in Orléans, France.
 It is an arched masonry bridge spanning a distance of 325 m. Designed by Jean Hupeau, it was built between 1751 and 1760, at the request of Daniel-Charles Trudaine, administrator and civil engineer.
 It was renamed in honour of King George V after the World War II out of respect of Britain's role in the war.
The Trent, Ancholme and Grimsby Railway was a railway line in north Lincolnshire which commenced at an end on junction with the South Yorkshire Railway where that railway crossed the River Trent near the village of Gunhouse.
 This was known as Gunhouse Junction but the village has become known as "Gunness".
 The line ran for about 14 miles (22.5 km) through Frodingham to Wrawby Junction near Barnetby and included railway stations at Appleby, and Elsham.
 The line also included two branches to Gunness and Gunhouse Wharf on the River Trent.
 The line was opened on 1 October 1866.
