The High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle (HMMWV), commonly known as the Humvee, is a four-wheel drive military light truck produced by AM General.
 It has largely supplanted the roles previously performed by the original jeep, and others such as the Vietnam-era M151 jeep, the M561 "Gama Goat", their M718A1 and M792 ambulance versions, the Commercial Utility Cargo Vehicle (CUCV), and other light trucks. Primarily used by the United States military, it is also used by numerous other countries and organizations and even in civilian adaptations.
 The Humvee's widespread use in the Gulf War of 1991, where it negotiated the treacherous desert terrain, helped inspire civilian Hummer versions.
 After going through a replacement process, the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle (JLTV) was chosen as its successor.
URO, Vehículos Especiales, S.A. (UROVESA) is a Spanish heavy vehicle manufacturer based in Santiago de Compostela, Galicia.
 It is best known for the production of the URO VAMTAC, a Humvee-like four-wheel drive motor vehicle, and URO trucks.
The GAZ-69 is a four-wheel drive light truck, produced by GAZ (ГАЗ, or "Gorkovsky Avtomobilnyi Zavod", Gorky Automobile Factory) between 1953 and 1956 and then by UAZ, in 1956–1972, though all of these vehicles were known as GAZ-69s.
The Willys MB (commonly known as a Jeep or jeep, formally as the U.S. Army Truck, 1/4 ton, 4x4) and the Ford GPW are four-wheel drive utility vehicles that were manufactured during World War II.
 Produced from 1941 to 1945, it evolved post-war into the civilian Jeep CJ, and inspired both an entire category of recreational 4WDs and several generations of military light utility vehicles.
ControlTrac four-wheel drive is the brand name of a selectable automatic full-time four-wheel drive system offered by Ford Motor Company.
 The four-wheel drive system was designed and developed at BorgWarner under its TorqTransfer Systems division in the mid 1980s.
 BorgWarner calls the system "Torque-On-Demand" (TOD).
 ControlTrac was the first automatic system to use software control and no planetary or bevel geared center differential.
 Instead of a planetary or bevel geared center differential, the system uses a variable intelligent locking center multi-disc differential.
Technical is a neologism for a light improvised fighting vehicle, typically an open-backed civilian pickup truck or four-wheel drive vehicle mounting a machine gun, anti-aircraft gun, rotary cannon, anti-tank weapon, anti-tank gun, ATGM, mortar, multiple rocket launcher, recoilless rifle or other support weapon, somewhat like a light military gun truck.
The URO VAMTAC (Vehículo de Alta Movilidad Táctico, "High Mobility Tactical Vehicle" ) is a Spanish four-wheel drive military vehicle manufactured by the UROVESA.
 It is similar in appearance and design to the Humvee of the United States Military.
 More than 2,000 of the vehicles have been delivered to the Spanish Armed Forces.
 Several other countries operate the VAMTAC as well, and it has seen service most recently in Afghanistan and Syria.
 The vehicle comes in two models, named I3 and S3, and has several configurations.
The Peugeot DMA was a light truck built by Peugeot between 1941 and 1948.
 It was the first commercial vehicle from Peugeot to employ a forward control cab, whereby the driver sat right at the front of the vehicle.
 The configuration maximised load deck length and gave the driver a good view of the road, but it meant that the driver shared his cab with the engine: Peugeot's light truck, being a rear wheel drive vehicle, was unable to offer a large low flat load area as the front-wheel drive Citroën TUB light van.
Locking hubs, also known as free wheeling hubs are fitted to some (mainly older) four-wheel drive vehicles, allowing the front wheels to rotate freely when disconnected (unlocked) from the front axle.
 This is done to reduce the mechanical resistance of the front-portion of the drivetrain when four-wheel drive is not in use.
 The hub, along with the wheel, is designed to engage (lock) onto the axle, to be powered by the drivetrain in four-wheel drive; or the hub can disengage (unlock) from the axle when four-wheel drive is not needed, thus allowing the front wheels to rotate freely within the hub.
 The hub is a component where the wheel is directly mounted to, and is outside the axle.
A military light utility vehicle is a small, jeep-like four-wheel drive vehicle designed for military use.
 They are usually short and relatively light compared to other trucks and cars, are unarmored and have short body overhangs for all-terrain mobility and at least 4 passenger capacity.
