A magazine is a publication, usually a periodical publication, which is printed or electronically published (sometimes referred to as an online magazine).
 Magazines are generally published on a regular schedule and contain a variety of content.
 They are generally financed by advertising, by a purchase price, by prepaid subscriptions, or a combination of the three.
 At its root, the word "magazine" refers to a collection or storage location.
 In the case of written publication, it is a collection of written articles.
 This explains why magazine publications share the word root with gunpowder magazines, artillery magazines, firearms magazines, and, in French, retail stores such as department stores.
This is a list of magazines published by the Japanese publishing company ASCII Media Works.
 After the merger of ASCII and MediaWorks on April 1, 2008, the two company's active magazines continued publication.
 Most of their magazines center on anime, manga, bishōjo games, or video games.
 A large number of ASCII Media Works' magazines carry the title "Dengeki" (電撃 , meaning "electric shock") which precedes the title of a given magazine; the "Dengeki" label is also used on publishing imprints, and contests held by the company, making it a well-known trademark for ASCII Media Works.
 Other magazines center on computers and information technology.
Sayidaty (Arabic سيدتي "Sayyidatī", meaning "My Lady" in English) is a weekly Arabic and a monthly English women's magazine published in both Dubai and Beirut and distributed throughout the Middle East, North Africa, Europe and America.
The following is an incomplete list of current and defunct magazines published in Egypt.
 They may be published in Arabic or in other languages.
 The history of Egyptian magazines is long, dating back to the 1890s.
 The earliest magazines also included women's magazines as well as those published in Turkish from 1828 to 1947.
 The first children's magazine was published in 1893.
Whit Burnett (1900–1972) was an American writer and writing teacher who founded and edited the literary magazine "Story".
 In the 1940s, "Story" was an important magazine in that it published the first or early works of many writers who went on to become major authors.
 Not only did Burnett prove to be a valuable literary birddog for new talent, but "Story" remained a respectable though low-paying (typically $25 per story) alternative for stories rejected by the large-circulation slick magazines published on glossy paper like "Collier's" or "The Saturday Evening Post" or the somewhat more prestigious and literary slick magazines such as "The New Yorker".
 While "Story" paid poorly compared to the slicks and even the pulps and successor digest-sized magazines of its day, it paid better than most of, and had similar cachet to, the university-based and the other independent "little magazines" of its era.
Penny Publications is a United States magazine publisher, formed in 1996 as the joinder of Dell Magazines, founded 1921 by George T. Delacorte, Jr., which had been acquired by Crosstown Publications and Penny Press, founded 1973, which as Penny Publications, LLC was under the same ownership as Crosstown Publications.
 Dell Magazines, later popularly known for its science fiction and mystery magazines, had also early published puzzle magazines including crossword games, beginning in 1931 with Dell Crossword Puzzles.
 s of 2011 , Penny Publications publishes at least 85 magazines, distributed through newsstands, in stores, and by subscription in U.S. and Canada, and at least 60 puzzle books.
 Penny Publications' headquarters are in Norwalk, Connecticut, U.S.
Talk to the Press is a press and publicity agency that was founded in 2007 by media expert and former national newspaper journalist Natasha Courtenay-Smith.
 The company provides an outlet for individuals who wish to sell their stories and specialises in feature stories of a personal nature that range from dealing with the credit crunch to teen prostitution.
 Its articles predominantly appear in tabloid newspapers including "The Daily Mail", "The Sun" and "The Daily Mirror", and in women's magazines such as "Closer", "Reveal", "Bella" and "Take a Break".
 In March 2010 Talk to the Press featured in the "Cutting Edge" documentary "My Daughter Grew Another Head" about women's magazines.
Eagle Island is one of several islands around the peninsula known as Graham Land, which is closer to South America than any other part of that continent.
 It is an island in the continent of Antarctica, separated from the Antarctic mainland by the 1.77 km wide Aripleri Passage.
The Intermontane Islands were a giant chain of active volcanic islands somewhere in the Pacific Ocean during the Triassic time beginning around 245 million years ago.
 They were 600 to 800 mi long and rode atop a microplate known as the Intermontane Plate.
 Over early Jurassic time the Intermontane Islands and the Pacific Northwest drew closer together as the continent moved west and the Intermontane Plate subducted.
 About 180 million years ago in the Mid-Jurassic time the last of the Intermontane Plate subducted and the Intermontane Islands collided with the Pacific Northwest, forming parts of British Columbia, Canada.
 The Intermontane Islands were too big to sink beneath the continent, and welded onto the continent, forming the Intermontane Belt.
 Geologists call the ocean that existed between the Intermontane Islands and North America the Slide Mountain Ocean.
The first women's magazine was published in Malaysia in 1932.
 In the 2000s there were nearly fifty local titles addressing women in the country.
 These magazines also include those having an Islamic perspective.
 Some international women's magazines are also published in Malaysia.
 One of them is "Elle Malaysia", which was first published in March 2014.
 Another one, "Women’s Health", was started in April 2015.
 Comic magazines and film magazines are also common in Malaysia.
