The Companions (Greek: , hetairoi) were the elite cavalry of the Macedonian army from the time of king Philip II of Macedon, achieved their greatest prestige under Alexander the Great, and have been regarded as the best cavalry in the ancient world and the first shock cavalry.
 Chosen Companions, or Hetairoi, formed the elite guard of the king (Somatophylakes).
The British cavalry were the first British Army units to see action during the First World War.
 Captain Hornby of the 4th (Royal Irish) Dragoon Guards is reputed to have been the first British soldier to kill a German soldier, using his sword, and Drummer Edward Thomas of the same regiment is reputed to have fired the first British shot shortly after 06:30 on 22 August 1914, near the Belgian village of Casteau.
 The following Battle of Mons was the first engagement fought by British soldiers in Western Europe since the Battle of Waterloo, ninety-nine years earlier.
 In the first year of the war in France nine cavalry brigades were formed for three British cavalry divisions.
 Other regiments served in six brigades of the two British Indian Army cavalry divisions that were formed for service on the Western Front.
 Three regiments also fought in the campaign in Mesopotamia, the only other theatre of the First World War where British cavalry served.
The Battle of Kłecko was fought on May 7, 1656, between forces of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth commanded by Regimentarz Stefan Czarniecki and Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski and a Swedish force commanded by prince Adolf Johan av Pfalz-Zweibrücken.
 The Polish–Lithuanian force was more than 12,000 strong and consisted mostly of cavalry, while the Swedes numbered around 7,000 artillery, infantry and cavalry.
 The Swedes achieved a tactical victory in that they escaped destruction by the Poles, who were unable to get to the Swedish army entrenched behind the Welnianka River, and various ditches and swamps.
 Swedish army lost 500 dead, while Polish army sustained 70 dead and wounded or 3,000 dead (depending on sources), including 40 companions dead (both hetman Czarniecki and Polish hussar companion Kochowski (who was fighting in this battle) quote this number of Polish losses).
The Type 41 75 mm cavalry gun was a Japanese field gun first accepted into service in 1908.
 Type 41 designation was given to this gun as it was accepted in the 41st year of Emperor Meiji's reign (1908).
 It was slightly lightened version of the Type 38 75 mm field gun that was based on a 1905 Krupp design.
 It was the primary weapon of artillery units attached to cavalry formations.
 Although effectively obsolete by the start of World War II it was used in limited numbers despite nominally being replaced by the Type 95 75 mm field gun.
The Household Cavalry Regiment (HCR) is an Armoured Cavalry regiment of the British Army based at Combermere Barracks in Windsor.
 It is the brother regiment of the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment (HCMR) based at Hyde Park Barracks in London - both regiments together form the Household Cavalry.
 The Household Cavalry was formed in 1992, under the Options for Change reforms, by the union of The Life Guards and the Blues and Royals in order to preserve the distinct identities of the regiments.
 A precedent for the Household Cavalry Regiment has previously been set by the Household Cavalry Composite Regiment - active during the Anglo-Egyptian War, the Second Boer War and latterly during both the First and Second World Wars.
The Texas Cavalry Service Medal is a service medal of the Texas National Guard which was created by the Texas Legislature under Senate Bill 955 and signed into law by Governor Rick Perry June 17, 2005.
 Senate Bill 955, an amendment to Texas Government Code § 431.134, became effective on September 1, 2005.
 The Texas Cavalry Medal is awarded to personnel who served on or after September 11, 2001, in the 124th Cavalry, Texas Army National Guard and who served in a hostile fire zone as designated by the United States Secretary of Defense.
 This medal is a one time award and there is no provision for subsequent awards.
 The first 182 cavalry troopers eligible for the award completed their tour of duty in Iraq on February 11, 2005.
 Carrying the same unit heraldry as the 1st Squadron, 124th Cavalry Regiment, members of the Texas National Guard's Brigade Reconnaissance Troops mobilized for Operation Iraqi Freedom III were also eligible for this award.
 The order of precedence for this new award has it falling between the Texas Combat Service Ribbon and the Texas Faithful Service Medal.
 The Texas Cavalry Service Medal is no longer awarded.
The 2nd Squadron, 16th Cavalry Regiment (2-16 CAV) is the United States Army Armor School's proponent for Armor Basic Officer Leaders Course (ABOLC).
 The squadron's four troops are Hawk Troop, Ironhorse Troop, Killer Troop, and Darkhorse Troop.
 The Headquarters and Headquarters Troop (HHT) is responsible for training lieutenants awaiting their ABOLC class or who have completed the course and are awaiting for follow-on orders or to attend functional schools.
 HHT is also responsible for the certification of all instructors at the Armor Basic Officer Leadership Course.
 Each instructor is initially certified in the U.S. Army Basic Instructor Course, and then must undergo specific instruction to learn the doctrine that is taught to the Armor and Cavalry lieutenants.
 ABOLC is the introductory skills course for United States Army Cavalry and Armor second and first lieutenants.
 These officers, recent graduates of the United States Military Academy, ROTC programs, and Officer Candidate School, receive eighteen weeks of training in basic soldiering skills, maneuver tactics, troop- and company-level strategy, and logistical planning.
 ABOLC consists of three phases - the first focusing on individual soldier skills; Phase II focusing on platform and crew training; and Phase III focusing on tactics and field training.
 The final exercise, the Competitive Maneuver Exercise (CME), is a strenuous seven-day problem-solving exercise which evaluates a students ability to demonstrate proficiency in cumulative course outcomes.
 Students are evaluated based on their performance during each exercises, and rotate among every position within a platoon and troop.
 The course is taught by officers, non-commissioned officers, and civilians from the 2nd Squadron, 16th Cavalry Regiment of the 199th Infantry Brigade.
 The 2nd Squadron, 16th Cavalry currently operates out of Harmony Church in Fort Benning, Georgia.
 The squadron was reassigned from the 316th Cavalry Brigade in the fall of 2013 as part of restructuring within the Maneuver Center of Excellence.
The Type 92 Heavy Armoured Car (九二式重装甲車 , Kyū-ni-shiki Jyū-sōkōsha ) , also known as the Type 92 cavalry tank, was the Empire of Japan's first indigenous tankette.
 Designed for use by the cavalry of the Imperial Japanese Army by Ishikawajima Motorcar Manufacturing Company (currently Isuzu Motors), the Type 92 was designed for scouting and infantry support.
 Although actually a light tank, it was called "sōkōsha" (armored car) in Japanese due to political sectionalism within the Japanese Army (tanks were controlled by the infantry, whereas the new weapon was intended for the cavalry).
 Exactly the same device was used in America with the M1 Combat Car.
The 6th (Inniskilling) Dragoons was a cavalry regiment in the British Army, first raised in 1689 as Sir Albert Cunningham's Regiment of Dragoons.
 One of the regiment's most notable battles was the Battle of the Boyne in July 1690.
 It became the 6th (Inniskilling) Regiment of Dragoons in 1751.
 The regiment also fought with distinction in the Charge of the Union Brigade at the Battle of Waterloo and again as part of the successful Charge of the Heavy Brigade against superior numbers at the Battle of Balaclava during the Crimean War.
 The First World War sounded the death knell for mounted cavalry as it became apparent that technology had moved forward with greater destructive power and made horsed cavalry redundant on the modern battlefield.
 The British Army reorganised and reduced its cavalry corps by disbanding or amalgamating many of its famous cavalry regiments.
 The Inniskillings was one of those affected.
 It saw service for two centuries, including the First World War, before being amalgamated with 5th (Princess Charlotte of Wales's) Dragoon Guards to form 5th/6th Dragoons in 1922.
The Polish Hussars ( , , or ; Polish: "Husaria" ), or Winged Hussars, were one of the main types of the cavalry in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth between the 16th and 18th centuries.
 When this cavalry type was first introduced by Serbian and Hungarian mercenary horsemen at the beginning of the 16th century, they served as light cavalry banners in the Polish army; by the second half of the 16th century and after Stephen Báthory's reforms, hussars had been transformed into heavily armored shock cavalry.
 Until the reforms of the 1770s, the husaria banners were considered the elite of the Polish cavalry.
