The 2014 Columbia Lions football team represented Columbia University in the 2014 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 They were led by third year head coach Pete Mangurian and played their home games at Robert K. Kraft Field at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium.
 They were a member of the Ivy League.
 They finished the season 0–10, 0–7 in Ivy League play to finish in last place.
 This was the seventh time, and second consecutive year, the school ended the season winless.
Fade Out: The Calamitous Final Days of MGM is a 1990 non-fiction book by Peter Bart which covers the history of MGM since 1969, when it was bought by Kirk Kerkorian.
 Bart was an executive at MGM in 1983 and 1984.
Gregson Edward Bautzer (April 3, 1911 – October 26, 1987) was an American attorney, representing such stars as Ginger Rogers, Ingrid Bergman and Joan Crawford, Kirk Kerkorian, Howard Hughes and William R. Wilkerson.
The 2012 Columbia Lions football team represented Columbia University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 They were led by first year head coach Pete Mangurian and played their home games at Robert K. Kraft Field at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium.
 They are a member of the Ivy League.
 They finished the season 3–7, 2–5 in Ivy League play to finish in a tie for sixth place.
Frank E. Rosenfelt (November 15, 1921 – August 2, 2007) was an American executive who served as CEO of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) studio under MGM owner Kirk Kerkorian from 1972 until 1982.
 Additionally, Rosenfelt spearheaded the acquisition of United Artists by MGM in 1981.
The 2013 Columbia Lions football team represented Columbia University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 They were led by second year head coach Pete Mangurian and played their home games at Robert K. Kraft Field at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium.
 They were a member of the Ivy League.
 They finished with a record of 0–10 overall, 0–7 in Ivy League play for a last place finish.
 This was the sixth time in school history that the Columbia Lions went winless.
</small>
Tracinda Corporation is an American private investment corporation that was owned by the late Kirk Kerkorian.
 Its major investments include a minority interest of MGM Resorts International.
 Tracinda is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The company was named after Kerkorian's daughters, Tracy and Linda.
Jerome Bailey York (June 22, 1938 – March 18, 2010), commonly known as Jerry York, was an American businessman, and the Chairman, President and CEO of Harwinton Capital.
 He was the former CFO of IBM and Chrysler, and was CEO of Micro Warehouse.
 He was a chief aide to Kirk Kerkorian and his Tracinda investment company.
 In February 2006, Kerkorian helped elect York to the board of directors of General Motors, from which he had previously resigned.
Paul Curtis Steelman, a native of Atlantic City, is an American architect that is recognized as a visionary designer of global entertainment, hospitality, and gaming architecture based in Las Vegas, Nevada and Macau.
 Paul has designed buildings for the mavericks of the gaming industry, including Kirk Kerkorian, Steve Wynn, Sheldon Adelson, Francis Lui, Lawrence Ho, Tan Sri Dato' Lim Kok Thay, Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong, Prince Albert of Monaco, Bob Stupak, Frank Modica, Phil Satre, Derek Stevens and Stanley Ho.
Kerkor "Kirk" Kerkorian (June 6, 1917 – June 15, 2015) was an Armenian-American businessman, investor, and philanthropist.
 He was the president and CEO of Tracinda Corporation, his private holding company based in Beverly Hills, California.
 Kerkorian is known for having been one of the important figures in the shaping of Las Vegas and, with architect Martin Stern, Jr. described as the "father of the mega-resort".
 He built the world's largest hotel in Las Vegas three times: the International Hotel (opened in 1969), the MGM Grand Hotel (1973) and the MGM Grand (1993).
 He purchased the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movie studio in 1969.
