Babette's Feast (Danish: "Babettes gæstebud" ) is a 1987 Danish drama film directed by Gabriel Axel.
 The film's screenplay was written by Axel based on the story by Isak Dinesen (Karen Blixen).
 Produced by Just Betzer, Bo Christensen, and Benni Korzen with funding from the Danish Film Institute, "Babette's Feast" was the first Danish cinema film of a Blixen story.
 It was also the first Danish film to win the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 The film premiered in the Un Certain Regard section of the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
Ditte, Child of Man, (Danish: Ditte Menneskebarn ), is a 1946 socio-realistic Danish drama directed by Bjarne Henning-Jensen based on the novel by Martin Andersen Nexø.
 The film stars Tove Maës in the tragic story of an impoverished young girl who becomes the victim of harsh social conditions.
 The film has been noted as the first example of the more realistic and serious Danish film in the post-World War II era.
 "Ditte, Child of Man" is one of the ten films listed in Denmark's cultural canon by the Danish Ministry of Culture.
Eye of the Eagle (Danish: "Ørnens Øje" ) is a Danish medieval adventure film directed by Peter Flinth and released in 1997.
 Based on an original screenplay by Bjarne O. Henriksen, it takes place in Denmark during 1218.
 Filming primarily took place at the Asserbo Castle ruins in Denmark, Eilean Donan Castle in Scotland, and Tisvilde Strand at Tisvildeleje in Denmark.
 The film won five of Denmark's Robert Awards in 1998.
Law Abiding Citizen is a 2009 American crime drama thriller film directed by F. Gary Gray from a screenplay written by Kurt Wimmer and stars Gerard Butler and Jamie Foxx.
 The film takes place in Philadelphia and tells the story of a man driven to seek justice while targeting not only his family's killer but also those who have supported a corrupt criminal justice system, intending to assassinate anyone supporting the system.
 "Law Abiding Citizen" was released theatrically in North America on October 16, 2009.
Theeb (Arabic: ذيب‎ ‎ , , "wolf") is a 2014 Jordanian Arabic-language drama thriller film written and directed by Naji Abu Nowar.
 It focuses on a young Bedouin boy, Theeb, who must survive in the wide-open Wadi Rum desert.
 The film takes place during the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I, in the wake of the Great Arab Revolt against the ruling Ottoman Empire.
 The film used non-professional actors from the Bedouin community in southern Jordan, and is considered a "Bedouin Western".
 It has also been described as a coming-of-age film.
Sisse Graum Jørgensen (born 8 May 1972) is a Danish film producer and sits on the board of the film company Zentropa.
 Films she has produced include '”Hævnen” “Jagten” and “Dear Wendy”.
 She also sits in the advisory board for TrustNordisk, a Scandinavian international film distributor.
Images of Liberation (Danish: Befrielsesbilleder ) is a 1982 Danish drama film directed by Lars von Trier.
 The story is set in Copenhagen during World War II, and follows a German officer who visits his Danish mistress the days after the occupation of Denmark has ended.
 The film was Trier's graduation film from the National Film School of Denmark.
 It became the first ever Danish school film to receive regular theatrical distribution.
 It was screened in the Panorama section of the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.
A Place Nearby (Danish: "Her i nærheden" ) is a 2000 Danish drama film directed by Kaspar Rostrup and starring Ghita Nørby and Thure Lindhardt.
 It was Denmark's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
In a Better World (Danish: "Hævnen" , "the revenge") is a 2010 Danish drama thriller film written by Anders Thomas Jensen and directed by Susanne Bier.
 The film stars Mikael Persbrandt, Trine Dyrholm, and Ulrich Thomsen in a story which takes place in small-town Denmark and a refugee camp in Africa.
Flame & Citron (Danish: "Flammen & Citronen" ) is a 2008 Danish drama film co-written and directed by Ole Christian Madsen.
 The film, a fictionalized account based on historical events, stars Thure Lindhardt and Mads Mikkelsen as two Danish resistance movement fighters nicknamed Flammen and Citron, during the Nazi occupation of Denmark in World War II.
 Attracted by the story of the pair since he was twelve, Madsen spent eight years along with co-writer Lars K. Andersen researching historical archives to produce it.
