Hank the Cowdog is a long running, ongoing series of children's books written by John R. Erickson and illustrated by Gerald L. Holmes.
 The books follow Hank, a dog that views himself as the "Head of Ranch Security".
 In each book Hank and other characters must deal with several events, issues and mysteries that occur at their Texas Panhandle home, the M-Cross Ranch, which is located in Ochiltree County.
 The series began in 1982, with a couple of short stories about Hank and his friends; since then, 66 printed books and seven audio-only books have been published.
 "Hank the Cowdog" was previously published via Maverick Books, with Puffin Books holding the current American publishing rights in English.
 Each book features songs that Erickson performs on the audiobook editions.
 The series has received awards and critical acclaim, and the books have sold more than 8 million copies worldwide.
 It has been published in several languages including Spanish.
 In the 1980s, the first book was adapted into an animated segment for "CBS Storybreak".
Susan Travers (born 18 February 1939) is a retired British film and television actress.
 She is the daughter of the actress Linden Travers and the niece of Bill Travers.
 She played the role of Arlette Van der Valk, the detective's wife, in the series Van der Valk.
"Mary Poppins" is a series of children's books written by P.L. Travers.
Karen Dotrice ( ; born 9 November 1955) is a British actress, known primarily for her role as Jane Banks in Walt Disney's feature film adaptation of the "Mary Poppins" book series.
 Dotrice was born in Guernsey to two accomplished stage actors.
 Her career began on stage, and expanded into film and television, including starring roles as a young girl whose beloved cat magically reappears in Disney's "The Three Lives of Thomasina" and with "Thomasina" co-star Matthew Garber as one of two children pining for their parents' attentions in "Poppins".
 She appeared in five television programmes between 1972 and 1978, when she made her only feature film as an adult.
 Her life as an actress concluded with a short run as Desdemona in the 1981 pre-Broadway production of "Othello".
Mary Poppins is a fictional character and the eponymous protagonist of P. L. Travers' "Mary Poppins" books and all of their adaptations.
 A magical English nanny, she blows in on the East Wind and arrives at the Banks home at Number Seventeen Cherry Tree Lane, London, where she is given charge of the Banks children and teaches them valuable lessons with a magical touch.
 Travers gives Poppins the accent and vocabulary of a real London nanny: cockney base notes overlaid with a strangled gentility.
Children of the Red King is a series of eight children fantasy school and adventure novels written by British author Jenny Nimmo, first published by Egmont 2002 to 2009.
 It is sometimes called "the "Charlie Bone" series" after its main character.
 A series of five books was announced in advance, completed in 2006, and sometimes the books were called the "Red King Quintet" until its continuation.
The Empire Award for Best British Actress was an Empire Award presented annually by the British film magazine "Empire" to honor a British actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the film industry.
 The Empire Award for Best British Actress was first introduced at the 1st Empire Awards ceremony in 1996 with Kate Winslet receiving the award for her role in "Heavenly Creatures" and last presented at the 10th Empire Awards ceremony in 2005.
 It was one of three Best British awards retired that year (the others being Best British Actor and Best British Director).
 Winners were voted by the readers of "Empire" magazine.
This James Patterson Bibliography contains the list of books written and published by James Patterson.
 The list below separates the books into two main categories: books written for adults and books written for children and teens.
 Within those two categories, the books are further divided into three subcategories: fiction series, standalone fiction, or standalone nonfiction.
Mary Poppins is a series of eight children's books written by P. L. Travers and published over the period 1934 to 1988.
 Mary Shepard was the illustrator throughout the series.
The Baseball Bunch is an American educational children's television series that originally aired in broadcast syndication from August 23, 1980 through the fall of 1985.
 Produced by Major League Baseball Productions, the series was a 30-minute baseball-themed program airing on Saturday mornings, which featured a combination of comedy sketches and Major League guest-stars, intended to provide instructional tips to Little League aged children.
 Throughout its five season run, the series starred Johnny Bench, Tommy Lasorda and The Famous San Diego Chicken alongside a group of eight children (boys and girls ranging in age from 8–14) as "The Bunch".
