The Congressional Review Act (CRA) is a law that was enacted by the United States Congress under House Speaker Newt Gingrich as Section 251 of the Contract with America Advancement Act of 1996 (Pub.L.
 104–121 ) and signed into law by President Bill Clinton on March 29, 1996.
 The law empowers Congress to review, by means of an expedited legislative process, new federal regulations issued by government agencies and, by passage of a joint resolution, to overrule a regulation.
 Once a rule is thus repealed, the CRA also prohibits the reissuing of the rule in substantially the same form or the issuing of a new rule that is substantially the same "unless the reissued or new rule is specifically authorized by a law enacted after the date of the joint resolution disapproving the original rule" (5 U.S. Code § 801(b)(2)).
 Congress has a window of time lasting 60 "legislative" days (i.e., days that Congress is actually in session, rather than simple calendar days) to disapprove of any given rule by simple majority vote; otherwise, the rule will go into effect at the end of this period.
Newt Gingrich has declared his position on many political issues through his public comments and legislative record, including as Speaker of the House.
 The political initiative with which he is most widely identified was the Contract With America, which outlined an economic and social agenda designed to improve the efficiency of government while reducing its burden on the American taxpayer.
 Passage of the Contract helped establish Gingrich's reputation as a public intellectual.
 His engagement of public issues has continued through to the present, in particular as the founder of American Solutions for Winning the Future.
Winning the Future: A 21st Century Contract with America is a book by former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich that outlines Gingrich's plans for the United States of America.
 Published in 2005 by Regnery Publishing, its themes include: Social Security reform, immigration reform, education reform, increasing the usage of health savings accounts, allowing the disabled the option of working, and American interests within the world trading system.
Callista Louise Gingrich (née Bisek; born March 4, 1966) is an American political aide, businesswoman, and author.
 She is married to former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives and 2012 Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich.
 In May 2017, President Donald Trump nominated her to be the United States Ambassador to the Holy See, a post requiring United States Senate confirmation.
R.C. Hammond (born 1979) is an American political strategist and communications director.
 He is currently a communications adviser for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
 Hammond served as the press secretary to Newt Gingrich's 2012 presidential campaign.
 He previously served Gingrich at his American Solutions for Winning the Future PAC.
 Hammond has worked as press secretary or communications director for Senator Gordon H. Smith, Senator John E. Sununu and Representative Shelly Moore Capito.
 He founded R. C. Hammond Public Affairs in 2012.
Joseph Gaylord is a political consultant formerly closely linked to former U.S. Representative and Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
 He was executive director of the National Republican Congressional Committee in the mid-1980s and worked for GOPAC, a political action committee which was "Gingrich's main vehicle for the long campaign that in 1994 resulted in the Republican takeover of the House after years of Democratic domination."
 Gaylord was one of the people behind the Contract With America that won the Republican Party control of the United States Congress in the 1994 midterm elections.
Nine Days that Changed the World is a 2010 documentary film produced by Newt Gingrich and his wife Callista that centers on the role played by Pope John Paul II in the fall of Communism in Europe and the rise of labour union Solidarity.
Texas Patriots PAC is a Super PAC based in The Woodlands in southeastern Texas.
 The group gained national attention when it hosted a Republican presidential debate in November 2011 between candidates Herman Cain and Newt Gingrich.
 The debate was conducted in the "Lincoln-Douglas" style, which Gingrich then went on to make a central theme of his campaign, promising to challenge President Obama to seven "Lincoln-Douglas" style debates, at three hours each, should he win the GOP nomination.
Rediscovering God in America is a book written by former House Speaker Newt Gingrich with photography from his wife Callista Gingrich.
 and a film series based upon the book and narrated by the two Gingriches.
 The book was a "New York Times" bestseller.
Candace Gingrich ( ; born June 2, 1966) is an American LGBT rights activist at the Human Rights Campaign.
 They are the half-sibling of former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, who is more than 20 years their senior.
