Gerhard Hahn (born 1933, Aš, Czechoslovakia) is a German professor of medieval studies.
 He is professor emeritus of Medieval German Literature at the University of Regensburg.
 On a scholarship from Studienstiftung, Hahn studied at the University of Munich in German, English, history, philosophy, and theology.
 In 1959, he passed the Staatsexamen from and took a Assistentur in 1961, and received his doctorate as summa cum laude.
 His doctoral thesis was about the poetry work Der Ackermann aus Böhmen.
 In 1972, he accepted a visiting professorship at the University of Salzburg.
 In 1973, he was appointed to the University of Regensburg, where he thenceforth until his retirement worked as a professor of Early German Literature until 1999.
 His research interests are the literature of the late Middle Ages and the early modern period, the literature of the Reformation (especially of Martin Luther), spiritual and ecclesiastical songs from the beginning to the present, minstrelsy, and epigrammatic poetry (especially Walther von der Vogelweide).
Vincent Kling is an American scholar and translator of German literature.
 He studied at La Salle College, the University of Pennsylvania and Temple University.
 His PhD thesis was based on the works of Hugo von Hofmannsthal.
 He also spent some time at Georg-August-Universität in Göttingen, Germany, and later taught at the University of Vienna under a Fulbright scholarship.
Hugo Laurenz August Hofmann von Hofmannsthal (] ; 1 February 1874 – 15 July 1929) was an Austrian prodigy, a novelist, librettist, poet, dramatist, narrator, and essayist.
George Guțu (born March 16, 1944 in Galați) is a Romanian philologist, teacher in the Department of German Language and Literature of the Faculty of Foreign Languages and Literatures, University of Bucharest.
 He is also director of the Paul Celan Center for Research and Excellence and the Master programme "Intercultural Literary and Linguistic Communication Strategies" ("Strategii comunicaționale interculturale – literare și lingvistice"), initiated by the Department of Germanic Languages and Literatures together with other departments of the Faculty of Foreign Languages and Literatures.
 His academic activity is based on the history of German literature (Age of Enlightenment, Sturm und Drang, Classicism, Romanticism); German and Austrian contemporary literature; German literature from Romania, cultural inter-referentiality in Central and Southeast Europe, particularly in Bukovina, poetics, literary theory, translation, the history of German studies and guidance for PhD students.
 His research domains are the history of German literature; comparative literature; German literature from Romania; cultural inter-referentiality; imagology; the history and aesthetics of reception; theory and practice of translation.
İhsan Oktay Anar (born 1960 in Yozgat, Turkey), is a Turkish writer, illustrator, literature translator and an academic.
Sally-Ann Spencer is a British translator, specialising in German literature.
 She studied languages at Cambridge University before going to work in the publishing industry.
 In 2005, she moved to New Zealand, at the same time choosing literary translation as her full-time profession.
 She completed a PhD on German literature at the Victoria University of Wellington.
Inta Ezergailis (11 September 1932 in Riga, Latvia – 1 January 2005, in Ithaca, New York), was a Latvian American professor emerita of German literature at Cornell University from 1969 to 1999, specializing in Thomas Mann and contemporary women writers.
 In 1965, she began graduate study at Cornell University and after earning the doctorate in 1969, she was appointed to the Cornell faculty as an assistant professor of German literature.
Michael Werner (born 1965) is the founder and publisher of the only existing Pennsylvania German newspaper, "Hiwwe wie Driwwe".
 Being a Palatine German, members of his family had emigrated from the Palatinate (Germany) to the U.S. in the 19th century.
 In 1993, he became a student of Prof. C. Richard Beam, director of the "Center for Pennsylvania German Studies" at Millersville University (PA).
 In the same year, Werner started a private Archive for Pennsylvania German Literature in the Palatinate, Germany.
 In 1996, the newspaper "Hiwwe wie Driwwe" was founded by him in Ebertsheim, Palatinate (Germany).
 Actually, it is being published bi-annually.
 Since 1998, he is a member of the jury of the oldest Palatine Dialect Writers Contest in Bockenheim an der Weinstraße, Palatinate (Germany).
 In 2003, Michael Werner, who has a doctorate degree in linguistics, was one of the co-founders of the German-Pennsylvanian Association and the first president of the association (until 2010).
 Since 2008, Werner invites speakers of Pennsylvania German to give presentations about the language and culture in Germany.
 He lives in Ober-Olm in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate and works as publishing director of a publishing company in Mainz.
 In 2013, "Hiwwe wie Driwwe" started a cooperation with Kutztown University (PA).
 In 2017, Werner donated his private archive of Pennsylvania German literature and folk life to the Mennonite Research Center at Weierhof (Palatinate, Germany), where it will be presented to the public as "Deutsch-Pennsylvanisches Archiv" (German-Pennsylvanian Archive).
Hartmann von Aue (born "c." 1160-70, died "c." 1210-20) was a Middle High German knight and poet.
 He introduced the courtly romance into German literature and, with Wolfram von Eschenbach ("c." 1170–"c." 1220) and Gottfried von Strassburg (died "c." 1210), was one of the three great epic poets of Middle High German literature.
 He was also a Minnesänger, and 18 of his songs survive.
Austrian literature is the literature written in Austria, which is mostly, but not exclusively, written in the German language.
 Some scholars speak about Austrian literature in a strict sense from the year 1806 on when Francis II disbanded the Holy Roman Empire and established the Austrian Empire.
 A more liberal definition incorporates all the literary works written on the territory of today's and historical Austria, especially when it comes to authors who wrote in German.
 Thus, the seven volume history of Austrian literature by the editors Herbert Zeman and Fritz Peter Knapp is titled "History of the Literature in Austria".
 The Austrian literature must be considered in close connection with German literature in general, and the borderline between proper German literature and the Austrian one is porous, due to rich and complex cultural exchanges.
