Provinssirock is one of the biggest rock festivals in Finland.
 It takes place in the city of Seinäjoki in Southern Ostrobothnia, Western Finland.
 The 3-day (some years only 2 days) festival, which starts the busy Finnish rock festival season, has been held every June since 1979.
Kastav Film Festival is an international film festival founded in 2009.
 Since then, the festival is held every June in Kastav, Croatia.
Jon Prusmack is a former United States national rugby team player and is currently a sports entrepreneur.
 Prusmack is the founder and CEO of United World Sports (UWS), a sports marketing and event company.
 UWS owns and operates the annual USA Sevens, an international rugby sevens tournament held every February at Sam Boyd Stadium in Las Vegas.
 The USA Sevens is the largest annual rugby sevens tournament in North America.
 UWS also owns and operates the annual Collegiate Rugby Championship, a college rugby sevens tournament held every June at PPL Park in Philadelphia.
MURAL Festival is an annual international street art festival held every June since 2013 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The Brooklyn Film Festival (BFF), prior to 2011 called the Brooklyn International Film Festival (BiFF) is an independent film festival held every June in Brooklyn, New York.
 Started by Marco Ursino, Susan Mackell, Abe Schrager, and Mario Pegoraro in 1998, its mission is to “discover, expose, and promote independent filmmakers while drawing worldwide attention to Brooklyn as a center for cinema."
 Its base is South 4th Street, Williamsburg.
The New Jersey State Fair is a non-profit agricultural fair held every August at the Sussex County Fairgrounds in Augusta, New Jersey.
 The fair has been held in conjunction with the Sussex County Farm and Horse Show since 1999 and draws 220,000 residents annually.
 The Augusta-based event was commonly referred to as the Sussex County Fair by locals.
 This fair is not affiliated with nor is to be confused with State Fair Meadowlands, which is a carnival held every June at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
The Istanbul International Music Festival, formerly Istanbul Festival, (Turkish: Uluslararası İstanbul Müzik Festivali ) is a cultural event held every June and July in Istanbul, Turkey.
 It offers a selection of European classical music, ballet, opera and traditional music performances with the participations of famous artists from all over the world.
 The festival was first held in 1973 and is organized by the Istanbul Foundation of Culture and Arts.
 In 2006, Borusan Holding took over its main sponsorship from Eczacıbaşı Holding.
The Sierra Nevada World Music Festival is an annual music festival held every June on the weekend of (or the weekend following) the summer solstice.
 It is currently held at the Mendocino County Fairgrounds in Boonville, California.
The Des Moines Arts Festival is an arts festival held every June in Western Gateway Park in Des Moines, Iowa.
 The three-day festival frequently draws in excess of 200,000 people and has been ranked among the top festivals in the United States.
The Cabourg Film Festival (French: Festival du Film de Cabourg – Journées romantiques or simply Festival du Film de Cabourg ) is an annual film festival held every June in Cabourg, France.
 Founded in 1983 by writer-journalist Gonzague Saint Bris, the festival is dedicated to films in the romantic genre and films with elements of romanticism.
