Bullfighter and the Lady is a 1951 drama romance sport film directed and written by Budd Boetticher starring Robert Stack, Joy Page and Gilbert Roland.
 Filmed on location in Mexico, the film focused on the realities of the dangerous sport of bullfighting.
 During production, one stunt man died.
 Boetticher, who had experience in bullfighting, used a semidocumentary approach in filming the sport and the lives of matadors.
Oscar Boetticher Jr. ( ; July 29, 1916 – November 29, 2001), known as Budd Boetticher, was an American film director during the classical period in Hollywood most famous for the series of low-budget Westerns he made in the late 1950s starring Randolph Scott.
Landscape in the Mist (, translit.
 "Topio stin omichli") is a 1988 Greek film directed by Theo Angelopoulos.
 The film was selected as the Greek entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 62nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The film is the third installment in Angelopoulos' "Trilogy of Silence", following "Voyage to Cythera" (1984) and "The Beekeeper" (1986).
Reconstitution (, tr.
 "Anaparastasi") is a 1970 Greek dramatic black and white independent underground art film directed by Theo Angelopoulos.
 It is the director's first feature film.
 While based on true events, it transcends them to recall the ancient myths of the Atrides and Clytemnestra.
The Magnificent Matador is a 1955 American drama film directed by Budd Boetticher and written by Budd Boetticher and Charles Lang.
 The film stars Maureen O'Hara, Anthony Quinn, Manuel Rojas, Richard Denning, Thomas Gomez, Lola Albright, William Ching and an early appearance of Stuart Whitman.
 The film was released on May 24, 1955, by 20th Century Fox.
Trilogy: The Weeping Meadow (Greek: Τριλογία: Το λιβάδι που δακρύζει) is an award-winning 2004 Greek romantic historical drama film, written and directed by Theo Angelopoulos.
 It stars Alexandra Aidini, Thalia Argyriou, Giorgos Armenis, Vasilis Kolovos and Nikos Poursanidis, and was released during the 2004 Berlin International Film Festival, on 11 February 2004.
 It is the first film of a projected trilogy about recent events in Greek history. "
The Dust of Time" (2008) is the second film of the trilogy.
 In January 2012, Angelopoulos died unexpectedly, leaving the trilogy uncompleted.
Ride Lonesome is a 1959 CinemaScope Western film directed by Budd Boetticher starring Randolph Scott, Karen Steele, Pernell Roberts, Lee Van Cleef, and James Coburn in his film debut.
 This Eastmancolor film is one of Boetticher's so-called "Ranown cycle" of westerns, made with Randolph Scott, executive producer Harry Joe Brown and screenwriter Burt Kennedy, beginning with "Seven Men from Now".
Westbound is a 1959 American Western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott, Virginia Mayo, and Karen Steele.
 This is the sixth of seven films directed by Boetticher and starring Scott.
George Crone (1894–1966), also known as George J. Crone, was an American director and editor, whose career spanned both the silent and sound film eras.
 He began his career cutting the silent film "Let's Be Fashionable" in 1920.
 Between that film and his final screen credit, editing "Arruza" (released in 1972), he edited over 40 films, and directed over a dozen more.
 "Arruza" was released 6 years after Crone's death.
 Crone had worked with director Budd Boetticher, on Boetticher's obsession, a docudrama regarding his friend Carlos Arruza, the famous bullfighter.
 Boetticher had used ten cameras to film 2 of Arruza's bullfights in January and February 1966, and Crone was tasked with editing the different fights together.
 Crone died shortly after completing the tasks, in June 1966.
 Earlier in his career, he had been the original editor on "Citizen Kane", before being replaced by Robert Wise.
Comanche Station is a 1960 American CinemaScope western Eastman Color film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott, Nancy Gates and Claude Akins.
 The film was the last of Boetticher's late 1950s "Ranown Cycle".
 It was filmed in the Eastern Sierra area of Central California near Lone Pine, California, not far from the foot of Mount Whitney.
 The mountainous accumulations of boulders known as the Alabama Hills served as the backdrop for the film's opening and closing scenes.
