The Suburban East Conference is a Minnesota State High School League conference in the Twin Cities, Minnesota.
 Its members are Cretin-Derham Hall High School, East Ridge High School, Forest Lake Area High School, Hastings High School (Minnesota), Mounds View High School, Park High School, Roseville Area High School, Stillwater Area High School, White Bear Lake Area High School and Woodbury High School.
 Member schools field a full complement of 30 interscholastic sports and 14 Fine Arts activities.
 Cretin-Derham Hall High School is the newest and single private school in the conference.
The Minnesota State High School Mathematics League is the premier high school mathematics league in the state of Minnesota.
 It was founded in 1980 by Macalester College professor Wayne Roberts.
 The league holds five statewide tournaments per year from November through February, as well as a state tournament in March.
Gustavus Adolphus College ( ) is a private, coeducational liberal arts college.
 A four-year, residential institution, Gustavus Adolphus College was founded in 1862 by Swedish Americans and is affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
 To this day the school retains Swedish and Lutheran heritage.
 The premier event on campus is the annual Nobel Conference, which features Nobel Laureates and other scholars explaining their expertise to a general audience.
 In 2015, "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Gustavus as the 64th best liberal arts college in the United States.
 The college is ranked No. 38 for liberal arts colleges on Payscale's 2016-17 list of highest-paid graduates.
Luther College is a private coeducational liberal arts college located in Decorah, Iowa, United States.
 Established as a Lutheran seminary in 1861 by Norwegian immigrants, the school today is an institution of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
The Worcester County Mathematics League (WOCOMAL) is a high school mathematics league composed of 32 high schools, most of which are in Worcester County, Massachusetts.
 It organizes seven mathematics competitions per year, four at the "varsity" level (up to grade 12) and three at the "freshman" level (up to grade nine, including middle school students).
 In the 2013-14 school year, WOCOMAL began allowing older students to compete in the freshman level competitions, calling this level of participation "junior varsity."
Macalester College ( ) is a private, coeducational liberal arts college located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, US.
 It was founded in 1874 as a Presbyterian-affiliated but nonsectarian college.
 Its first class entered September 15, 1885.
 Macalester is exclusively an undergraduate four-year institution and enrolled 1,978 students in the fall of 2013 from 50 U.S. states and 90 countries.
 In 2015, "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Macalester as tied for the 23rd best liberal arts college in the United States, 6th for undergraduate teaching at a national liberal arts college, and 19th for best value at a national liberal arts college.
Wells College is a private coeducational liberal arts college located in Aurora, Cayuga County, New York, on the eastern shore of Cayuga Lake.
 The college has cross-enrollment with Cornell University and Ithaca College, and is considered Cornell University's sister school.
 It is strengthening its off-campus study programs (most notably in Florence) and has created centers in sustainability, business and entrepreneurship, and book arts.
 Undergraduate students are required to participate in at least two off-campus internships during their time at Wells.
The Minnesota State High School League (MSHSL) is a voluntary, non-profit association for the support and governance of interscholastic activities at high schools in Minnesota, United States.
 The association supports interscholastic athletics and fine arts programs for member schools.
 As of 2010, the organization cited a membership of nearly 500 public and private schools, including home schools, charter schools and 435 high schools.
 The State High School League is an affiliate of the National Federation of State High School Associations.
Emmanuel College (EC) is a private coeducational Roman Catholic liberal arts college located in Boston, Massachusetts.
 The college was founded by the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur as the first women's Catholic college in New England in 1919.
 John F. Kennedy served on the college's advisory board from 1946 until his death in 1963.
 In 2001, the College officially became a coeducational institution.
 It is a member of the Colleges of the Fenway consortium.
 Popular majors include Political Science and Education.
 In addition to the Fenway campus, Emmanuel operates a living and learning campus in Roxbury, Massachusetts.
Oberlin College is a private liberal arts college in Oberlin, Ohio.
 The college was founded as the Oberlin Collegiate Institute in 1833 by John Jay Shipherd and Philo Stewart.
 It is the oldest coeducational liberal arts college in the United States and the second oldest continuously operating coeducational institute of higher learning in the world.
 The Oberlin Conservatory of Music, part of the college, is the oldest continuously operating conservatory in the United States.
