Tamanna is a Bollywood film.
 It was released in 1942.
 The film was directed by Phani Majumdar, who also wrote the screenplay, for Laxmi Productions Ltd. banner.
 This was the first film from Laxmi banner, which had been started by Chimanlal Trivedi who earlier headed Circo Productions.
 "Tamanna" was also the renowned dancer, Leela Desai's, first film in Bombay.
 The main cast included Leela Desai, P. Jairaj, Karan Dewan, Jagdish Sethi and K. C. Dey, who besides acting, composed the music.
 S. K. Kalla wrote the dialogue and lyrics.
Home Free is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg, released in 1972 (see 1972 in music).
 Upon its original release "Home Free" had lukewarm success, but following a later re-issue it was certified platinum by the RIAA for certified sales of 1,000,000 copies.
Raju Adhikari (Born 23 June 1974 at Jutpani-1 of Chitwan district, Nepal) is a well-known film director in Nepal film industry for more than fifteen years and chairman of Aasutosh Films Production Pvt. Ltd.
 He has started his career in this sector as an assistant director and actor.
 Later on, he paid attentions on other dimensions of film making such as production, cinematography and direction besides acting.
 He has produced and directed several Nepali movies, documentaries and music videos.
 His work as a director include the films The Nirmala, Subba Saab, Shooter, Lake Side and Uljhan and as a producer include the films Dil maa sajaye Timilai,Lawarish, Subba Saab, Lake , Hirasat, Patuki and Uljhan in his own home production from Aasutosh Films Production Pvt. Ltd.
Frederick King Keller (born 1954 in Buffalo, New York) is an American director, producer and screenwriter for film and television.
 He is also credited under the names Frederick K. Keller, Fred K. Keller and Fred Keller.
 He is the son of actor/screenwriter .
 His father was a television pioneer who produced and directed the first weekly dramatic series seen on television.Besides acting and directing in theater his father also ran several art house movie theaters in Buffalo which the young Fred became intimately involved with and which formed the root of his cinematic education.
Gert Toni Wilkens (born 18 June 1962 in Husby-Ärlinghundra, Uppland, Sweden) is a Swedish actor.
 Besides acting he is director of "Improvia Interactive AB", a company who help companies with developing by theatre.
Anupama Prakash Kumar (born 4 December 1974), better known as Anupama Kumar, is an Indian film actress and model.
 Having appeared in more than 300 ad films, she made her debut as an actress in the 2004 Hindi film "Kyun...!
 Ho Gaya Na" and went on to play supporting roles in Tamil films. Besides acting and modelling, Anupama has also worked as a journalist, anchor, visualizer and a television producer.
 She won the Vijay Award 2013 for Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Female) for her role in "Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal".
Rina Endō (遠藤 璃菜 , Endō Rina , born October 4, 2005) is a Japanese child actress.
 She is represented by Theatre Academy.
 Besides acting in television dramas and movies, she also acts on stage and is active in voice acting.
 She has also appeared in several commercials.
 In 2012, she became one of the Ueno Zoo's Panda Ambassadors and served as a captain.
Riyaz Khan is an Indian film actor who predominantly works in Malayalam and Tamil cinema besides acting in a few Telugu and Kannada films, as well as one Hindi film.
 He debuted in the Malayalam film "Sugham Sughakaram" directed by Balachandra Menon.
 Later he went on to act in Tamil and Telugu films.
 After many years, he came back to the Malayalam film industry acting in "Balettan" starring Mohanlal.
 He is also a brand ambassador of a Chennai-based fitness studio called 'Inshape Health & Fitness'.
 His notable films include "Badri" (2001), "Baba" (2002)," Ramana" (2002), "Balettan" (2003), "Winner" (2003), "Runway" (2004), "Ghajini" (2005), "Stalin" (2006), and "Thirupathi" (2006).
 Currently he is acting in Nandini serial which is airing on SUN TV.
Home Free is an American sitcom starring Matthew Perry, Marian Mercer and Diana Canova that aired on ABC from March 31, 1993 to July 2, 1993.
 The series was created by Tim O'Donnell and Richard Gurman.
"To the Morning" is a song written and performed by Dan Fogelberg, with strings arranged by Glenn Spreen.
 It is the first song on Side 1 of his debut album, "Home Free".
 It is about waking up every day and knowing that it's going to be a new day, regardless of anything else, no matter what happens in life.
 (It's going to be a day/There's really no way to say no to the morning) Musically, it is built around the very subtle piano work, with emphasis placed on Fogelberg's vocals while he is singing and the piano or strings during instrumental sections.
 The song is peculiar in his canon for featuring no guitar.
