The Dr. Croke Cup is the trophy presented to the winner of the All Ireland Secondary Schools Senior "A" hurling championship.
 Before that it was an inter-county GAA competition in hurling.
 The first Croke Cups (which included Hurling and Gaelic Football) took place between 1896 and 1915.
 Clare was the first winner of the Dr Croke Cup for Hurling in 1896.
 In 1909 Ulster were expelled from the Dr. Croke Cup because of "bad gates" but the decision was later rescinded.
 Since 1944 however, it is the pinnacle of colleges hurling to win the "Dr. Croke Cup", named after Thomas Croke, Archbishop of Cashel in whose honour Croke Park is also named.
Robert de Eglesfield (c.1295-1349), 1341 founder of The Queen's College, Oxford, and a chaplain of Queen Philippa of Hainault in whose honour he named the college.
Birshreshtha Munshi Abdur Rouf Library and Museum is a museum and library opened in 2008 in Roufnagar (formerly Salamatpur), Faridpur District, Bangladesh, the home village of Munshi Abdur Rouf, in whose honour it is named.
 It is one of ten memorial museums opened in 2008 named after the seven Bir Sreshtho recipients and three language martyrs.
Jalauka (also known as Jaluka) was, according to the 12th century Kashmiri chronicle, the Rajatarangini, a king of Kashmir.
 Jaluka was reputed to have been an active and vigorous king of Kashmir, who expelled certain intrusive foreigners, and conquered the plains as far as Kannauj.
 Jalauka was hostile towards Buddhism and devoted to the worship of the Hindu god Shiva and the Divine Mothers, in whose honour he and his queen, Isana-devi, erected many temples in places which can be identified.
Catherine Grandison, Countess of Salisbury (c. 1304 – 23 November 1349) was an English noblewoman, remembered for her relationship with King Edward III of England and possibly the woman in whose honour the Order of the Garter was originated.
 She was the daughter of William de Grandison, 1st Baron Grandison, and Sibylla de Tregoz.
 Her mother was one of two daughters of John de Tregoz, Baron Tregoz (whose arms were blazoned "Gules two bars gemels in chief a lion passant guardant or"), maternal granddaughter of Fulk IV, Baron FitzWarin).
 Catherine married William Montacute, 1st Earl of Salisbury in about 1320.
The Kurt Gödel Society was founded in Vienna, Austria in 1987.
 It is an international organization aimed at promoting research primarily on logic, philosophy and the history of mathematics, with special attention to connections with Kurt Gödel, in whose honour it was named.
The National Library of Nicaragua Rubén Darío is the national library of Nicaragua, located in the city of Managua.
 It was founded in 1880, and damaged in the 1931 earthquake.
 Another earthquake in 1972 caused further damage, furthermore, it was looted.
 One of its librarians was the poet Rubén Darío, in whose honour it was renamed.
Kostiuk or Kostyuk is a surname of Ukrainian origin.
 It is a patronym, that is to say, it is derived from the personal name of the father of the initial bearer.
 In this instance, this surname derives from the personal name "Kosty, Kost", and the Ukrainian diminutive suffix "uk".
 Thus, the surname Kostiuk can be interpreted as "son or descendent of Kosty or Kost".
 The name Kosty or Kost is a pet form of the male given name Konstanty, which is rendered in English as "Constantine", a derivation of the Latin name "Contantinus", from "constans, constantis" meaning steadfast, faithful".
 The name was popular in continental Europe as having been borne by the first Christian ruler of the Roman Empire, Constantine the Great (280-337), in whose honour Byzantium was renamed Constantinople.
 Among the numerous variants of this surname are Kosty, Kosciuszko, Kosciuszkiewicz, Kosciuszkowicz, Koskiewicz, Kostka and Kostecki.
The Quai Louis-Blériot is a quay alongside the Seine in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, France.
 It was known as the Quai d'Auteuil until it was renamed in honour of French aviator Louis Blériot in 1937.
Beauchene Island is the southernmost of the Falkland Islands, lying about 54 km south of Porpoise Point in Lafonia.
 It was discovered in 1701 by Jacques Gouin de Beauchêne in whose honour it was named.
