The word base of Esperanto was originally defined by "Lingvo internacia", published by L. L. Zamenhof in 1887.
 It contained some 900 root words.
 The rules of the language allow speakers to borrow words as needed, recommending only that they look for the most international words, and that they borrow one basic word and derive others from it, rather than borrowing many words with related meanings.
 In 1894, Zamenhof published the first Esperanto dictionary, "Universala vortaro", which was written in five languages and supplied a larger set of root words.
List of English words of Scots origin is a list of English language words of Scots origin.
 See also "List of English words of Scottish Gaelic origin", which contains many words which were borrowed via Highland Scots.
Verbal fluency tests are a kind of psychological test in which participants have to produce as many words as possible from a category in a given time (usually 60 seconds).
 This category can be semantic, including objects such as animals or fruits, or phonemic, including words beginning with a specified letter, such as "p", for example.
Timaeus the Sophist (Greek: Τίμαιος ὁ Σοφιστής ) was a Greek philosopher who lived sometime between the 1st and 4th centuries.
 Nothing is known about his life.
 He is the supposed author of a "Lexicon" of Platonic words which is still extant.
 The "Lexicon" made use of earlier commentaries on Plato which are now lost.
 It underwent significant additions and subtractions of text during later periods leading to the inclusion of many words which have nothing to do with Plato or his philosophy.
 The purpose of the "Lexicon" was to explain the usage of words and phrases which occur in Plato's works.
 The first detailed study of the manuscript and edition of the Lexicon was produced in the late 18th century by David Ruhnken (1754; 2nd ed.
 1789) who also provided a detailed commentary.
 There was a revised version of Ruhnken's second edition by Georg Aenotheus Koch in 1828.
Circumlocution (also called circumduction, circumvolution, periphrasis, or ambage) is speech that circles around an idea with many words instead of stating it directly and simply.
 It is sometimes necessary in communication (for example, to avoid lexical gaps that would cause untranslatability), but it can also be undesirable (when an uncommon or easily misunderstood figure of speech is used).
 Roundabout speech is the use of many words to describe something that already has a common and concise term (for example, saying ""a tool used for cutting things such as paper and hair"" instead of "scissors").
 Most dictionaries use circumlocution to define words.
 Circumlocution is often used by people with aphasia and people learning a new language, where simple terms can be paraphrased to aid learning or communication (for example, paraphrasing the word "grandfather" as "the father of one's father").
 Euphemism, innuendo, and equivocation are different forms of circumlocution.
Wasei-kango (Japanese: 和製漢語 , "Japanese-made Chinese words") refers to words in the Japanese language composed of Chinese morphemes but invented in Japan rather than borrowed from China.
 Such terms are generally written using kanji and read according to the "on'yomi" pronunciations of the characters.
 While many words belong to the shared Sino-Japanese vocabulary, some "kango" do not exist in Chinese while others have a substantially different meaning from Chinese, however some words have been borrowed back to Chinese.
Many words in the English lexicon are made up of Latinate words; that is, words which have entered the English language from a Romance language (usually Anglo-Norman), or were borrowed directly from Latin.
 Quite a few of these words can further trace their origins back to a Germanic source (usually Frankish), making them cognate with many native English words from Old English, yielding etymological twins.
 Many of these are Franco-German words, or French words of Germanic origin.
Okwanuchu is an extinct Shastan language formerly spoken in northern California.
 Kroeber described the language as "peculiar.
 Many words are practically pure Shasta; others are distorted to the very verge of recognizability, or utterly different."
 Golla speculates at length that the language may have mixed in another, non-Shasta language.
 Du Bois, interviewing a survivor of a group that the Wintu called Waymaq ("north people"), who she believed were probably identical to the Okwanuchu, recorded some words, including "atsa" ("water").
 Golla writes that eighteen more words are found, under the name "Wailaki [also meaning 'North People'] on McCloud", in an 1884 work by Jeremiah Curtin; he too recorded "atsa" ("water"), and five words not found elsewhere in Shastan.
"How Many Words" is the official second single by the singer-songwriter Blake Lewis, from his debut album "A.D.D. (Audio Day Dream)".
 The song was expected to be followed by "Know My Name", and then "Without You".
 However, due to being dropped by Arista Records, "How Many Words" is the final single from his debut album.
 He is expected to release a single from his second album at the end of 2009.
 The single was released to mainstream radio format on March 10, 2008.
 Also, an EP featuring remixes of the song was released onto iTunes on May 13, 2008.
 Lewis performed the song live on the March 6, 2008 results show of the seventh season of "American Idol".
Many words that existed in Old English did not survive into Modern English.
 There are also many words in Modern English that bear little or no resemblance in meaning to their Old English etymons.
 Some linguists estimate that as much as 80 percent of the lexicon of Old English was lost by the end of the Middle English period, including a large number of words formed by compounding, e.g. "bōchūs" ('bookhouse', 'library'), yet we still retain the component parts 'book' and 'house'.
 Certain categories of words seem to have been especially vulnerable.
 Nearly all words relating to sexual intercourse and sexual organs were supplanted by words of Latin or Ancient Greek origin.
 Many, if not most, of the words in Modern English that are used in polite conversation to describe body parts and bodily functions are of Latin or Greek origin.
 The words which were used in Old English for these same purposes are now mostly either extinct or considered crude or vulgar, such as arse/ass.
