Far East Movement (abbreviated FM) is an American hip hop and electronic music group based in Los Angeles.
 The group formed in 2003 and consists of Kev Nish (Kevin Nishimura), Prohgress (James Roh) and DJ Virman (Virman Coquia).
 Their single "Like a G6", featuring pop-rap duo The Cataracs and singer Dev hit number one on both the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and on the iTunes chart in late October 2010, making them the first Asian-American group to earn a number one hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 Among their other chart toppers are: "Rocketeer" featuring Ryan Tedder of One Republic (peaked at #7 on Billboard), "Turn Up the Love" (#2 on the UK Charts), and their 2012 remix to the song "Get Up (Rattle)" by the Bingo Players, also hit #1 on the UK Charts.
"Tennessee Bird Walk" is a 1970 novelty single by the country music husband-and-wife duo Jack Blanchard & Misty Morgan.
 The single was the duo's second release on the country charts and became their most successful single.
 "Tennessee Bird Walk" went to number one on the country charts for two weeks and spent a total of sixteen weeks on the chart.
 The single also crossed over to the Top 40 peaking at number twenty-three.
Wild Life is a single by Jack & Jack, released on August 2, 2014.
 The official music video produced by theAudience and directed by Niklaus Lange was premiered October 31, 2014.
 The song managed to peak at number 87 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
"The Wild Life" is a song written and performed by English girl group Bananarama.
 Written in two days, the track was composed for and included in the 1984 American film of the same name "The Wild Life" (starring Christopher Penn), and on its soundtrack.
 Bananarama's second, self-titled album had already been in stores for several months when this single was issued, and for a time the album was re-released with "The Wild Life" included.
 The song was released as a single in the U.S., Canada, Australia, and Japan.
 The UK was instead given the song "Hot Line to Heaven" as the album's final single.
The Shawn Mendes EP is the debut extended play by Canadian singer Shawn Mendes, released on July 28, 2014 by Island Records.
 It debuted at number 5 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart with sales of 48,000 copies in its first week.
 The EP includes the single "Life of the Party", which was a moderate success.
 The extended play was later removed from the iTunes Store and "Show You", "One of Those Nights" and "The Weight" were released as separate promotional singles.
 "The Weight" was included in the deluxe edition of Mendes' debut studio album "Handwritten".
 As of April 2016, the EP has sold 103,000 copies in the United States.
Jack & Jack is an American pop-rap duo from Omaha, Nebraska, consisting of Jack Johnson and Jack Gilinsky, who are now based in Los Angeles, California.
 After success via the social media app Vine, the duo turned to a career as musicians.
 They are best known for their 2014 single "Wild Life" which has peaked at number 87 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Both attended Omaha Westside High School.
The discography of American singer-songwriter Jeffree Star consists of one studio album, three extended plays, five singles and four music videos.
 After self-releasing an extended play "Plastic Surgery Slumber Party" in 2007, Star founded his own label Popsicle Records.
 He released his second extended play, "Cupcakes Taste Like Violence", in December 2008.
 The extended play produced one commercial single, "Lollipop Luxury".
 In September 2009, Star released his debut studio album, "Beauty Killer".
 The album produced one commercial single, "Prisoner" and two music videos for "Get Away with Murder" and "Beauty Killer".
 On October 2, 2012, Star released a four-track single called "Mr. Diva" to tide fans over and play new music on tour.
 "Mr. Diva" was also released as a limited edition vinyl record with "Legs Up" being the B-side track; it was a red heart shape with 500 copies printed.
 Star released his single "Love to My Cobain" on June 25, 2013 with the music video being released August 15.
South Korea-based girl group Twice have released four extended plays (one of which was reissued under a different title), one compilation album, one compilation EP, and five singles.
 Formed by JYP Entertainment in 2015 through the survival show "Sixteen", Twice debuted in October 2015 with the release of their first EP, "The Story Begins", and its single "Like Ooh-Ahh".
 The EP and the single peaked at No. 3 and No. 10 on the Gaon Music Chart, respectively.
 "The Story Begins" eventually sold over 120,000 copies, becoming the best-selling debut extended play by a K-pop girl group of all time, breaking the record set by Girls' Generation's first extended play "Gee" (2009), which sold nearly 100,000 copies.
Calibraska is an extended play (EP) by the American pop-rap duo Jack & Jack.
 Their debut EP was independently released via the Philip J. Kaplan digital music distributor DistroKid on July 24, 2015.
 The title is a portmanteau of the U.S. states Nebraska, where the duo originate, and California, where they are now based.
 Within hours of its release, Calibraska charted at No. 1 on the U.S. iTunes albums chart ahead of "DS2" by Future and "1989" by Taylor Swift.
Do It Again is an extended play (EP) by Norwegian electronic music duo Röyksopp and Swedish singer-songwriter Robyn, released on 23 May 2014 by Dog Triumph.
 The extended play coincides with Röyksopp and Robyn's joint tour, the Röyksopp & Robyn Do It Again Tour 2014, featuring shows in Europe and North America.
 Following her Body Talk Tour, Robyn travelled to Bergen, Norway, where she began working on new music with Röyksopp in early 2013, having previously collaborated with the duo on the songs "The Girl and the Robot" (2009) and "None of Dem" (2010).
