Fallujah is an American technical death metal band from San Francisco, California, founded in 2007.
 Fallujah has toured with acts such as The Black Dahlia Murder, Carnifex, Thy Art is Murder, Dying Fetus, Between the Buried and Me, and The Contortionist.
War of Attrition is the fifth album by Dying Fetus.
 According to the album booklet, the album's lyrics were written solely by guitarist Mike Kimball.
 This album was praised by original fans due to its return to traditional Dying Fetus form.
 It was also their first self-produced album in nine years.
Dying Fetus are an American death metal band originally from Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
 Formed in 1991, the group is known for their consistently hook-laden song structures, characterized by blast beats, complex riffing, slam riffs and heavy breakdowns. Additionally, their reality-based lyrics characterized by political/modern themes are notable in death metal.
 Various line-up changes throughout the years have left John Gallagher the remaining original member, as well as the band's driving force.
 According to Gallagher, the band name was chosen while the members were of adolescent ages and was intended to be offensive.
 To date, Dying Fetus has released eight studio albums.
Paul Cézanne ( or ; ] ; 19 January 1839 – 22 October 1906) was a French artist and Post-Impressionist painter whose work laid the foundations of the transition from the 19th-century conception of artistic endeavor to a new and radically different world of art in the 20th century.
 Cézanne's often repetitive, exploratory brushstrokes are highly characteristic and clearly recognizable.
 He used planes of colour and small brushstrokes that build up to form complex fields.
 The paintings convey Cézanne's intense study of his subjects.
قلب (] ), transliterated Qalb, Qlb and Alb, is a functional programming language allowing a programmer to write programs completely in Arabic.
 Its name means "heart" and is a recursive acronym in Arabic meaning "Qlb: a programming language" (قلب: لغة برمجة, "Qlb: Lughat Barmajah ").
 It was developed in 2012 by Ramsey Nasser, a computer scientist at the Eyebeam Art + Technology Center in New York City, as both an artistic endeavor and as a response to the Anglophone bias in the vast majority of programming languages, which express their fundamental concepts using English words.
Euphonicmontage is the ninth studio album by Echo Orbiter.
 It was released on Looking Glass Workshop in 2010.
 The album has been described as “an innovative landmark in the world of indie rock.”
 With an experimental nature mixing a range of influences from writer Ayn Rand to The Flaming Lips, Euphonicmontage was recorded to reflect the same Cubist style of Picasso’s paintings in musical form.
 The highly artistic endeavor demonstrated that Echo Orbiter "are serious about their art and it shows on their latest release, Euphonicmontage."
Destroy the Opposition is the third album by the Maryland, USA, death metal band Dying Fetus.
 It was produced by the band and Steve Carr.
 This album marks a change in Dying Fetus's direction, with political themes becoming dominant, which has continued in all of their subsequent albums.
Weltmacht (German for "World Power") was an American black metal band formed in DeKalb, Illinois in 1998.
 Members of the band all went by pseudonyms: "Lord Imperial" (Neill Jameson), "Akhenaten" (Andrew Harris) and "Cryptic Winter" (Duane Timlin).
 During this period, they also performed and/or recorded with Krieg (Lord Imperial's main outfit).
 Lyrical themes reveal a fascination with nihilism and war, rather than more common black metal themes such as Satanism, anti-Christian blasphemy and paganism.
 After the demise of Weltmacht in 2002, Lord Imperial went on to form N.I.L. and Duane Timlin eventually joined Dying Fetus.
Umbilical cord prolapse occurs when the umbilical cord comes out of the uterus with or before the presenting part of the fetus.
 It is a relatively rare condition and occurs in fewer than 1% of pregnancies.
 Cord prolapse is more common in women who have had rupture of their amniotic sac.
 Other risk factors include maternal or fetal factors that prevent the fetus from occupying a normal position in the maternal pelvis, such as abnormal fetal lie, too much amniotic fluid, or a premature or small fetus.
 The concern with cord prolapse is that pressure on the cord from the fetus will cause cord compression that compromises blood flow to the fetus.
 Whenever there is a sudden decrease in fetal heart rate or abnormal fetal heart tracing, umbilical cord prolapse should be considered.
 Due to the possibility for fetal death and other complications, umbilical cord prolapse is considered an obstetric emergency during pregnancy or labor.
 Current management guidelines focus on quick delivery, which usually entails a cesarean section.
 With appropriate management, the majority of cases have good neonatal outcomes.
Functional Requirements for Subject Authority Data (FRSAD), previously known as Functional Requirements for Subject Authority Records (FRSAR), is a conceptual entity-relationship model developed by the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA) and published in 2010.
 It is a continuation of the work done on the FRBR model, detailing how "entities that serve as subjects of intellectual or artistic endeavor" can be related and controlled within the bibliographic universe.
 The model is intended to support global sharing and reuse of subject authority data.
