Kearsarge Regional High School is a high school located in North Sutton, New Hampshire, serving the Kearsarge Regional School District.
 Kearsarge Regional High School serves students from the towns of Sutton, New London, Wilmot, Newbury, Springfield, Warner and Bradford.
Highland Regional High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Blackwood, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Gloucester Township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.
 The school is part of the Black Horse Pike Regional School District, which also includes Timber Creek Regional High School and Triton Regional High School (which serves students from Bellmawr and Runnemede).
 The school is accredited by the New Jersey Department of Education.
Plymouth South High School, also known as Plymouth South, or PSHS, is a public high school located in Plymouth, Massachusetts.
 Its students are residents of the town of Plymouth.
 Plymouth South is one of two high schools in Plymouth, the other being Plymouth North High School.
 Plymouth South is located near the Long Pond neighborhood of Plymouth, west of Route 3 and "The Pinehills" development, and also adjacent to nearby Myles Standish State Forest, which is the biggest publicly owned recreation area in the South Shore region of Massachusetts, and also one of the biggest in the state.
 The school has an enrollment of approximately 927 students in the traditional academic curriculum of the school, and also houses an additional 626 students in the Technical Program of the high school, bringing the total school enrollment to 1,553 in grades 9–12.
 The school colors are Black, Teal and White and the school mascot is the Panthers.
Northwestern Regional High School is a public regional high school located in Winsted, Connecticut, serving the towns of Barkhamsted, Colebrook, New Hartford and Norfolk.
 Northwestern Regional High School is located in the same building as Northwestern Regional Middle School, which serves grades 7-8.
Ashland is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.
 The population was 2,076 at the 2010 census.
 Located near the geographical center of the state, Ashland is home to Scribner-Fellows State Forest.
Plymouth Regional High School (PRHS) is a public secondary school in Plymouth, New Hampshire, United States.
 Surrounding towns that attend PRHS are Ashland, Holderness, Campton, Rumney, Wentworth, Warren, Ellsworth, Waterville Valley and Thornton.
 Bruce Parsons is the current principal.
 The facility, opened in 1970, is located on Old Ward Bridge Road in Plymouth.
 It also housed Plymouth Elementary School until 1990.
 Plymouth Regional was known as Plymouth Area High School until 1991.
 The school colors are navy blue and white.
Plymouth is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States, in the White Mountains Region.
 Plymouth is located at the convergence of the Pemigewasset and Baker rivers.
 The population was 6,990 at the 2010 census.
 The town is home to Plymouth State University, Speare Memorial Hospital, and Plymouth Regional High School.
Newfound Regional High School (NRHS) is a public secondary school in Bristol, New Hampshire, United States.
 Surrounding towns that attend NRHS are Bristol, New Hampton, Groton, Bridgewater, Danbury, Alexandria, Hill, and Hebron.
 The school is part of the Newfound Area School District (NASD) and was originally named Newfound Memorial High School.
 It was originally located where Newfound Memorial Middle School currently stands until the present high school building was constructed in 1989.
 Newfound Regional High School was awarded "NH Excellence in Education" in 2010.
 Newfound Regional High School's motto is "Choose your path to success...make a commitment."
Harwich High School was a public high school located in Harwich, Massachusetts.
 Harwich High School was the third smallest public high school on Cape Cod.
 Harwich High School closed in 2013-2014 due to the towns of Harwich and Chatham deciding to regionalize their school districts and build a regional high school.
 The new high school's name will be Monomoy Regional High School.
Timberlane Regional High School is located in Plaistow, New Hampshire, and serves as a regional high school for the towns of Atkinson, Danville, Plaistow, and Sandown, New Hampshire.
 The school was built in 1966 and is a part of the Timberlane Regional School District.
 Timberlane Regional High School is a co-educational school for grades 9-12.
 The school has won the 1996, 1997 and 2014 Excellence In Education Award.
 As of 2005, the school has approximately 1,400 students on roll.
 The school mascot is the owl.
 The school is regionally accredited for its award-winning wrestling team, which holds 23 NH State Wrestling Champions titles, as of 2015.
