Bill Porter (June 15, 1931 – July 7, 2010) was an American audio engineer who helped shape the Nashville sound and recorded such stars as Chet Atkins, Louis Armstrong, the Everly Brothers, Elvis Presley, Barbara Streisand, Dianna Ross, Ike & Tina Turner, Sammy Davis Jr., and Roy Orbison from the late 1950s through the 1980s.
 In one week of 1960, his recordings accounted for 15 of "Billboard" magazine's "Top 100," a feat none have matched.
The 34th Battalion was an infantry unit of 1st Australian Imperial Force (AIF), which was established in World War I for overseas service.
 Formed in Australia in 1916, the battalion fought on the Western Front before being disbanded in 1919.
 It was later re-raised as a part-time infantry battalion in the Illawarra region of New South Wales during the inter-war years.
 During World War II, the 34th was amalgamated with the 20th Battalion and undertook defensive duties in Australia before being disbanded in 1944.
 Post war, the 34th was re-formed in the early 1950s before being subsumed into the Royal New South Wales Regiment in 1960.
Charlie Midnight (born Charlie Kaufman) is an American songwriter and record producer who has been nominated for the 1987 Grammy Award for Best R&B Song (Writer, "Living in America" by James Brown), two Golden Globes, and has been a producer and/or writer on several Grammy-winning albums, including "", Joni Mitchell's "Turbulent Indigo", and "".
 He also is a writer on the Barbra Streisand Grammy-Nominated, Platinum-Selling "Partners" album having co-written the Streisand and Bocelli duet, "I Still Can See Your Face."
Barbra Streisand's Greatest Hits Volume 2 is the second greatest hits album recorded by American vocalist Barbra Streisand.
 It was released on November 15, 1978 by Columbia Records.
 The album is a compilation consisting of ten commercially successful singles from the singer's releases in the 1970s, with a majority of them being cover songs.
 It also features a new version of "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", which was released as the collection's only single on October 7, 1978.
 Originating on Streisand's previous album, "Songbird", the new rendition is a duet with Neil Diamond who had also recorded the song for his 1978 album of the same name.
 The idea for the duet originated from DJ Gary Guthrie who sold the idea to the record label for $5 million.
Tom Jones was a syndicated television variety show hosted by Tom Jones, that aired during the 1980-1981 television season.
 Twenty four episodes of the show were produced.
 The show was produced in Vancouver, Canada.
 The format of the show was for Tom Jones to perform his old hits and solo covers, in addition to new songs with special duet partners.
 Solo covers included Jones's version of "Unchained Melody" and the Eagles' "Take It to the Limit".
 Duet highlights from the show included Jones's duet with Tina Turner of Rod Stewart's "Hot Legs", in addition to his duet with Gladys Knight of "Guilty", written by the Bee Gees and originally made popular by Barry Gibb and Barbra Streisand.
 Other singers featured included Dionne Warwick, Chaka Khan, Donny Osmond, Marie Osmond and Stephanie Mills.
 Performances from the show have been issued in multiple DVD and CD editions.
Imagínate... (1994) is Menudo's 34th album, and their 22nd in Spanish.
 The album features Abel Talamántez, Alexis Grullón, Andy Blázquez, Ashley Ruiz and Ricky López, and is the second album recorded by this line-up.
East 34th–Campus Station is station on the RTA Rapid Transit system in Cleveland, Ohio, USA, serving the Red, Blue and Green Lines.
 It is located just east of East 34th Street near the intersection of East 34th and Broadway, on the north side of the CSX railway tracks, and below the bridge that carries East 34th Street over the railway tracks.
Partners is the thirty-fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Barbra Streisand, released on September 16, 2014 by Columbia Records.
 The album features Streisand singing duets with an all-male lineup including Stevie Wonder, Michael Bublé, Billy Joel, John Legend, John Mayer, Andrea Bocelli, Lionel Richie, and Elvis Presley from an earlier recording.
 The collection also features Streisand's first studio-recorded duet with her now 47-year-old son, Jason Gould.
 The album release was promoted on "The Tonight Show", where Streisand was the evening's sole guest and sang a medley with host Jimmy Fallon.
Black Bats () 34th Squadron was the name of a corps of CIA reconnaissance plane pilots and crew based in Taiwan during the Cold War.
 Citizens of the Republic of China, they flew missions over mainland China controlled by the People's Republic of China (PRC), to drop agents and gathered military signal intelligences around military sites.
 The 34th Squadron was formed in 1953 and flew its last operational mission in 1967.
 The squadron's emblem was a bat and seven stars and its formal name was the 34th Squadron of the ROC Air Force.
 Unit's aircraft included the Boeing B-17G, Douglas A-26C/B-26C Invader, 7 Lockheed RB-69A, Douglas C-54, 11 Fairchild C-123B/K Provider, Lockheed C-130E Hercules, and 3 "black" Lockheed P-3A Orion (149669, 149673, 149678).
 The P-3As and RB-69As were armed with AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles for self-defense.
 34th Squadron specialized in very low level air space penetration (100–200 meters altitude) to hug the ground in order to evade enemy radars and fighter interceptions.
 Later when operating P-3A, its main mission was flying in international water, 40 miles outside of Mainland China, to collect signal intelligences.
Alain Macklovitch (born March 30, 1982), known by his stage name A-Trak, is a Canadian DJ, turntablist, record producer, and music label executive.
 He is the owner of the record label Fool's Gold, which was founded in 2007, and is credited for developing the careers of artists such as Kid Cudi, Danny Brown, and Flosstradamus.
 A-Trak's career has spanned nearly two decades, leading Rolling Stone to name him one of the 50 Most Important People in EDM.
 A-Trak is also part of the DJ duo Duck Sauce with Armand Van Helden, which was nominated for a Grammy in 2012 for their song "Barbara Streisand".
 A-Trak was featured on the covers of Billboard and Complex and recently appeared in campaigns for Adidas, Grey Goose, Converse and Cadillac.
 A-Trak has also penned a number of articles for The Huffington Post and owns the travel website Infinite Legroom.
 After residing in Brooklyn for many years, he now calls Los Angeles home.
