Newark Bay is a tidal bay at the confluence of the Passaic and Hackensack Rivers in northeastern New Jersey.
 It is home to the Port Newark-Elizabeth Marine Terminal, the largest container shipping facility in Port of New York and New Jersey, the third largest and one of the busiest in the United States.
 An estuary, it is periodically dredged to accommodate ocean-going ships.
The Boston transportation system includes roadway, subway, regional rail, air, and sea options for passenger and freight transit in Boston, Massachusetts.
 The Massachusetts Port Authority (Massport) operates the Port of Boston, which includes a container shipping facility in South Boston, and Logan International Airport, in East Boston.
 The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) operates bus, subway, short distance rail, and water ferry passenger services throughout the city and region.
 Amtrak operates passenger rail service to and from major northeastern cities.
 A major bus terminal at South Station is served by varied intercity bus companies.
 The city is bisected by major highways I-90 and I-93, the intersection of which has undergone a major renovation, nicknamed the Big Dig.
South Liverpool Football Club is a football club based in Liverpool, England, founded as a phoenix club of a club of the same name.
 They are currently members of the West Cheshire League Division One and play at Jericho Lane in Otterspool.
 The club's colours are white shirts, black shorts and red socks.
Army United Football Club (Thai: สโมสรฟุตบอลอาร์มี่ ยูไนเต็ด ) is a Thai football club based in the Din Daeng District of Bangkok.
 They play in the second division in Thai football, the Thai League 2.
 Their home stadium is known locally as the Thai Army Sports Stadium and more widely known around Asian circles as the Royal Thai Army Stadium of which has been host to numerous international youth matches due to its central Bangkok location.
 The club play in red shirts with red shorts and red socks.
DFDS is Northern Europe's largest shipping and logistics company.
 The company's name is an abbreviation of Det Forenede Dampskibs-Selskab (literally "The United Steamship Company").
 DFDS was founded in 1866, when C.F. Tietgen merged the three biggest Danish steamship companies of that day.
Chenoa is a city in McLean County, Illinois, United States.
 The population was 1,785 at the 2010 census.
 Located at the intersections of Interstate 55, Historic Route 66, and U.S. Route 24.
 Founded in 1854 by Mathew T. Scott, Chenoa was created to provide a retail and trade center for his farm tenants as well as a grain shipping facility.
 The Chenoa Centennial was celebrated in 1954.
 The town is situated in a highly productive agricultural area.
 Two currently active businesses here are notable due to their longevity.
 They are Schuirman's Drug Store (now Chenoa Pharmacy) and Union Roofing.
 The latter company today is one of the largest roofing contractors in Illinois.
 Several small manufacturers operate here and a number of antique dealers are Chenoa-based.
 The town school system closed at the end of the 2004 school year, consolidating with the nearby Prairie Central school district.
 A well attended July 4 celebration is held in Chenoa each year.
Braves Field was a baseball park in the Northeastern United States, located in Boston, Massachusetts.
 Today the site is home to Nickerson Field on the campus of Boston University.
 The stadium was home of the Boston Braves of the National League from 1915–1952, prior to the Braves' move to Milwaukee in 1953.
 The stadium hosted the 1936 Major League Baseball All-Star Game and Braves home games during the 1948 World Series.
 The Boston Red Sox used Braves Field for their home games in the 1915 and 1916 World Series since the stadium had a larger seating capacity than Fenway Park.
 Braves Field was the site of Babe Ruth's final season, playing for the Braves in 1935.
 From 1929 to 1932, the Boston Red Sox played select regular season games periodically at Braves Field.
 On May 1, 1926, Braves Field hosted the longest baseball game in history – 26 Innings.
 The game ended in a 1–1 tie.
HMHS "Ebani" was a hospital ship serving the Allied forces during World War I.
 "Ebani" was originally a cargo vessel owned by Elder Dempster, one of the United Kingdom's largest shipping companies.
 It was built in 1912 and was the second of its name.
 It had a tonnage of 4,862 tons.
Boston Harbor is a natural harbor and estuary of Massachusetts Bay, and is located adjacent to the city of Boston, Massachusetts.
 It is home to the Port of Boston, a major shipping facility in the northeastern United States.
The New Bedford Bay Sox are a baseball team that plays in the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a collegiate summer baseball league located in the northeastern United States region of New England.
 The team is located in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
 New Bedford's Paul Walsh Field serves as the home field of the Bay Sox.
 Th NECBL's players use wooden bats, as opposed to aluminum, and are college baseball players recruited from the top intercollegiate baseball programs in the United States.
 The franchise has appeared in league finals four times in their history, all as the Torrington Twisters (1997, 1998, 2003, 2006), and have twice played host to the NECBL All-Star Game as the Twisters (1998, 2008).
 Pat and Beth O'Connor, owners of Little Fenway and Little Wrigley joined the ownership team of the New Bedford Bay Sox in October, 2011, and signed a 3-year lease to play at Paul Walsh Field.
 In November 2011, former MLB player Rick Miller was announced as the 2012 Bay Sox manager.
 Miller was succeeded as manager prior to the 2015 season by Westport, MA native and former Boston Red Sox draft pick Kyle Fernandes.
 Fernandes has led the Bay Sox to back-to-back postseason appearances in his two seasons as manager, most recently losing in a three-game series to the eventual NECBL Champions the Mystic Schooners.
