The 2004–05 NBA season was the 16th season for the Minnesota Timberwolves in the National Basketball Association.
 After appearing in the Conference Finals last year, the Timberwolves played around .500 for the first half of the season.
 However, the team began to struggle losing six straight games between January and February, slipping below .500.
 After a 25–26 start, longtime head coach Flip Saunders was fired and replaced with General Manager Kevin McHale for the remainder of the season.
 The Timberwolves improved under McHale, but finished third in the Northwest Division with a 44–38 record, missing the playoffs for the first time since 1996.
 Kevin Garnett led the team in scoring, rebounding and assists, as he was selected for the 2005 NBA All-Star Game.
 Following the season, Latrell Sprewell retired after turning down a contact extension, Sam Cassell was traded to the Los Angeles Clippers, and McHale was fired as coach.
The 1996–97 NBA season was the Mavericks' 17th season in the National Basketball Association.
 In the offseason, the Mavericks signed free agent Chris Gatling and acquired Eric Montross from the Boston Celtics.
 With new head coach Jim Cleamons and re-signing former Mavs guard Derek Harper, the Mavericks struggles continued with a 4–10 start in November.
 With the team not showing any improvement, they traded All-Star guard Jason Kidd to the Phoenix Suns for second-year star Michael Finley, Sam Cassell and A.C. Green in late December.
 Gatling led the Mavericks with 19.1 points per game off the bench, and was selected for the 1997 NBA All-Star Game.
 At midseason, he was traded along with Cassell, Montross, Jim Jackson and George McCloud to the New Jersey Nets for Shawn Bradley, Robert Pack and Khalid Reeves.
 Meanwhile, Jamal Mashburn was dealt to the Miami Heat for Sasha Danilovic.
The 1999–2000 NBA season was the Bucks' 32nd season in the National Basketball Association.
 During the offseason, the Bucks acquired Danny Manning and former Bucks star Dale Ellis from the Orlando Magic, who acquired Manning from the Phoenix Suns, and Ellis from the Seattle SuperSonics, while signing free agent Darvin Ham.
 With Sam Cassell playing a full season after dealing with injuries, the Bucks played above .500 in the first half of the season.
 However, they struggled in February posting a 3–9 record as Ellis was traded to the Charlotte Hornets.
 With less than a month to go, the Bucks playoff chances appeared bleak as they had a 32–37 record in late March.
 However, down the stretch, they won 10 of their final 13 games to sneak into the playoffs as the #8 seed in the Eastern Conference, finishing fifth in the Central Division with a 42–40 record.
 Ray Allen and Glenn Robinson were both selected for the 2000 NBA All-Star Game.
The 2002–03 NBA season was the Bucks' 35th season in the National Basketball Association.
 During the offseason, the Bucks acquired Toni Kukoč from the Atlanta Hawks.
 In a year of transition, the Bucks played mediocre basketball with a 14–20 start, but then won 13 of their next 16 games.
 In February 2003, just before the trading deadline, the Bucks dealt three-time All-Star shooting guard Ray Allen to the Seattle SuperSonics, in exchange for 34-year-old All-Star point guard Gary Payton and Desmond Mason.
 The Bucks won eight of their final nine games finishing fourth in the Central Division with a 42–40 record.
 However, they did not make it out of the first round of the playoffs, losing 2–4 to the New Jersey Nets.
 Following the season, Payton signed as a free agent with the Los Angeles Lakers, Sam Cassell and Ervin Johnson were both traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves, head coach George Karl was fired and Anthony Mason retired.
The 1995–96 NBA season was the Rockets' 29th season in the National Basketball Association, and 25th season in Houston.
 After two straight NBA championships, the Rockets got new colors, new uniforms, and a new logo which was actually unveiled aboard the Space Shuttle.
 The Rockets got off to a fast start winning ten of their first eleven games.
 However, injuries would be an issue all year as Clyde Drexler, Sam Cassell and Mario Elie were all out for long stretches.
 Midway through the season, the team signed free agent Sam Mack, who previously played in the Continental Basketball Association.
 Despite the injuries and a 7-game losing streak in March, the Rockets finished third in the Midwest Division with a 48–34 record, with Drexler and Hakeem Olajuwon both being selected for the 1996 NBA All-Star Game.
The 2005 Minnesota Golden Gophers football team represented the University of Minnesota during the 2005 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 The team's head coach was Glen Mason.
 Minnesota played its home games at the Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 The most notable win of the season came as Minnesota defeated Michigan to win the Little Brown Jug for the first time since 1986.
The 1998–99 NBA season was the Nets' 32nd season in the National Basketball Association, and 23rd season in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
 After a lockout wiped out nearly half of the season, the Nets signed free agents Eric Murdock and Scott Burrell while acquiring Jim McIlvaine from the Seattle SuperSonics.
 However, they got off to a poor start losing 18 of their first 21 games.
 Head coach John Calipari was fired and replaced with assistant Don Casey.
 At midseason, Sam Cassell, who was out with an ankle injury was traded along with Chris Gatling to the Milwaukee Bucks in a three-team trade, as the Nets acquired Stephon Marbury from the Minnesota Timberwolves.
 As the season wounded down, the Nets were dealt with a blow when Jayson Williams' career was ended with a severe leg injury.
 The Nets finished last place in the Atlantic Division with a 16–34 record.
 Following the season, Murdock was traded to the Los Angeles Clippers.
The 1996–97 NBA season was the 29th season for the Phoenix Suns in the National Basketball Association.
 During the offseason, the Suns acquired Sam Cassell and Robert Horry from the Houston Rockets, and signed free agent Rex Chapman.
 However, the team struggled losing their first 13 games of the season.
 After an 0–8 start, coach Cotton Fitzsimmons was replaced by former Suns guard Danny Ainge, who led the team to a 40–34 finish, along the way they were many in-season moves such as trading Cassell, second-year star Michael Finley and A. C. Green, to the Dallas Mavericks for future-superstar Jason Kidd, Loren Meyer and Tony Dumas, and sending Horry along with Joe Kleine, to the Los Angeles Lakers for former Suns forward Cedric Ceballos and Rumeal Robinson.
The 1998–99 NBA season was the Bucks' 31st season in the National Basketball Association.
 After a four-month lockout, the Bucks hired head coach George Karl, who previously coached the Seattle SuperSonics, traded their top draft pick Dirk Nowitzki to the Dallas Mavericks for rookie Robert Traylor, and signed free agents Dell Curry and Vinny Del Negro.
 The Bucks transition continued at midseason trading Terrell Brandon to the Minnesota Timberwolves, and acquiring Sam Cassell and Chris Gatling from the New Jersey Nets in exchange for Elliot Perry in a three-team trade.
 In another trade, they dealt Tyrone Hill to the Philadelphia 76ers for second-year forward Tim Thomas and Scott Williams, while signing free agent Haywoode Workman.
 Under Karl, the Bucks played above .500 for the entire season as they finally entered the playoffs after a seven-year playoff drought, finishing fourth in the Central Division with a 28–22 record.
The 1996–97 NBA season was the Nets' 30th season in the National Basketball Association, and 21st season in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
 In the offseason, the Nets acquired Robert Pack from the Washington Bullets, and signed free agents Tony Massenburg and former All-Star forward Xavier McDaniel.
 Under new head coach John Calipari, the Nets continued to struggle losing their first five games of the season, which included two games against the Orlando Magic in Tokyo, Japan.
 At midseason, their transition continued as they traded Pack along with Shawn Bradley, Khalid Reeves and second-year forward Ed O'Bannon to the Dallas Mavericks for Sam Cassell, Jim Jackson, Chris Gatling, Eric Montross and George McCloud, who never played with the Nets and was dealt to the Los Angeles Lakers for Joe Kleine.
