Reza Parsa is a Swedish film director.
 At the age of 22 he was admitted to the 4-year directing program at the National Film School of Denmark (1991–95) and directed the most award winning (11 awards) graduation film, "Never (Gränsen)", in the history of the school.
Reza Sayed Badiyi also known as Reza Sayed Badiei (Persian: رضا بدیعی; April 17, 1929 – August 20, 2011) was an Iranian-American film director.
 Badiyi also directed episodes of many popular television series.
 His credits also include developing the opening montages for "Hawaii Five-O", "Get Smart", and "The Mary Tyler Moore Show".
The Corridor (in Persian:دهلیز; transliterated as: Dehliz) is a 2013 Iranian drama film directed by Behrouz Shoeibi.
 Reza Attaran and Hanieh Tavassoli play the leading roles.
 The film mainly deals with the Islamic concept of Qisas.
 This was Shoeibi's debut film.
 As he has been a director's assistant and an actor, he didn't have some technical problems other first film directors do.
 This was also one of rare performances of Reza Attaran, not in a comic role.
 Hanieh Tavassoli won the crystal simorgh for best actress in a leading role in 31st Fajr International Film Festival.
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi Kani (Persian: محمدرضا مهدوی کنی‎ ‎ , 6 August 1931 – 21 October 2014) was an Iranian cleric, writer and conservative politician who was Acting Prime Minister of Iran from 2 September until 29 October 1981.
 Before that, he was Minister of Interior and Minister of Justice in the cabinets of Mohammad-Ali Rajai and Mohammad-Javad Bahonar.
 He was the leader of Combatant Clergy Association and Chairman of the Assembly of Experts and also founder and president of Imam Sadiq University.
Mohammad Reza Shafiei Kadkani (Persian: محمدرضا شفیعی کدکنی‎ ‎ , also [Romanize]d as "Mohammad–Reza Shafi'i Kadkani") (born 1939) is a Persian writer, poet, literary critic, editor, and translator.
Faridur Reza Sagar (Bengali: ফরিদুর রেজা সাগর ) is a Bangladeshi writer and film producer.
 He is also the managing director of Impress Telefilm Ltd and Channel-i.
Reza Mirkarimi (Persian: رضا میرکریمی‎ ‎ , Born 28 January 1966 in zanjan) is an Iranian film writer and director.He graduated from Fine Arts University in Graphic Arts and His Cinema activities started from 1987 with a short film named 'For Him' (16mm Camera).
Voice of Silence (Persian: حق سکوت‎ ‎ ) is a 2013 Iranian film written and directed by Mohammad Hadi Naeiji.
 The movie has won the Crystal Simorgh for Best Screenplay at the 32nd Fajr International Film Festival.
 It was produced by the award-winning writer and director Reza Mirkarimi the director of A Cube of Sugar.
Noel Maxam (born September 26) is an American television director, writer, and producer.
 Maxam has worked on the CBS Daytime drama "As the World Turns" as a writer, and, later, on "The Young and the Restless" where he directed for nearly 10 years.
 In 2007, he left to become Producer on the NBC drama "Days of Our Lives" and was promoted to Co-Executive Producer in 2011.
 In 2012, he left Days and is a freelance director.
 Recently he has directed for "The Young and the Restless", "Hollywood Heights" and "Disney".
 Noel Maxam is a graduate of the "Interlochen Arts Academy" (Diploma), "Carnegie Mellon University" (B.F.A. Directing) and the "University of Southern California" (M.F.A. in Film and Video Production).
Nigel Coan is a British animator, director, and writer best known for his contributions to the television series "The Mighty Boosh" and "Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy" as well as the film Bunny and the Bull.
 Coan first met Noel Fielding and fellow Boosh actor Dave Brown at Buckinghamshire Chilterns University College (now Buckinghamshire New University), where they lived and attended art school together.
 Along with his partner Ivana Zorn and their production company "Nipple", Coan has produced work for companies such as Canon, Volvo, and Honda.
