"Love Will Find Its Way to You" is the title of a song written by Dave Loggins and J.D. Martin, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire.
 It was released in January 1988 as the second single from the album "The Last One to Know".
 "Love Will Find Its Way to You" was Reba McEntire's tenth number one country single.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks within the top 40.
 It was previously recorded by Lee Greenwood for his 1986 album of the same name.
 It was also recorded by Marie Osmond on her 1985 album, "There's No Stopping Your Heart".
"I'm a Survivor" is a song recorded by American country music singer Reba McEntire for her third compilation album "" (2001).
 The song was written by Shelby Kennedy and Philip White and produced by McEntire and Tony Brown.
 "I'm a Survivor" is a country pop song with lyrics that tell the story of a premature baby, who later becomes a single parent.
 It was released as the album's first single on July 5, 2001, through MCA Nashville.
 The song garnered a positive reception from contemporary music critics, who found McEntire fitting to perform the song.
 The track experienced moderate success in the United States, where it peaked at 49 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 as well as 3 on the "Billboard"' Hot Country Songs.
 An altered version of the song was later used as the theme song for McEntire's The WB sitcom "Reba" (2001).
"Can't Even Get the Blues" is a song written by Tom Damphier and Rick Carnes, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire.
 It was released in September 1982 as the second single from the album "Unlimited".
 "Can't Even Get the Blues" was Reba McEntire's fourteenth country hit and her first number one country hit.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of fourteen weeks on the country chart.
Reba McEntire is Reba McEntire's debut studio album.
 It featured her first single "I Don't Wanna Be a One Night Stand", as well as a cover of the Jennifer Warnes hit "Right Time of the Night" and the Hot hit "Angel in Your Arms".
 Her debut album was not a commercial success, failing to chart.
 It was re-issued on CD in 1993 and released digitally in 2012.
"You Lie" is a song written by Bobby Fischer, Charlie Black and Austin Roberts, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire.
 It was released in August 1990 as the first single from the album "Rumor Has It".
 "You Lie" was Reba McEntire's fourteenth number one country hit.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of 20 weeks on the country chart.
""The Last One to Know" is a song written by Matraca Berg and Jane Mariash, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire.
 It was released in September 1987 as the first single and title track from the album "The Last One to Know".
 The song was Reba McEntire's ninth number one country hit as a solo artist.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of fourteen weeks on the country chart.
The 24th People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 1997, were held on January 11, 1998, at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium in Pasadena, California.
 They were hosted by Reba McEntire and Ray Romano, and broadcast on CBS.
"One Promise Too Late" is a song written by Dave Loggins, Don Schlitz and Lisa Silver, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire.
 It was released in May 1987 as the third single from the album "What Am I Gonna Do About You".
 "One Promise Too Late" was Reba McEntire's eighth number one country single as a solo artist.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of fourteen weeks on the country chart.
"I Know How He Feels" is a song written by Rick Bowles and Will Robinson, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire.
 It was released in August 1988 as the second single from the album "Reba".
 "I Know How He Feels" was Reba McEntire's eleventh number one country hit.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of fourteen weeks on the country chart.
"You're the First Time I've Thought About Leaving" is a song written by Dickey Lee and Kerry Chater, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire.
 It was released in January 1983 as the third single from the album "Unlimited".
 "You're the First Time I've Thought About Leaving" was Reba McEntire's second number one on the country chart.
 The single stayed at number one for one week and spent a total of fourteen weeks on the country chart.
