United Western Recorders was a two-building recording studio complex in Hollywood, which became one of the most successful independent recording studios in the world in the 1960s.
 The complex came as a merger between neighboring studios United Recording Corp. on 6050 Sunset Boulevard and Western Studio on 6000 Sunset Boulevard.
Fairfax Avenue is a street in the north central area of the city of Los Angeles, California.
 It runs from La Cienega Boulevard with Culver City at its southern end to Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood on its northern end.
 From La Cienega Boulevard (between Culver City and Mid-City) to Sunset Boulevard (between West Hollywood and Hollywood), it separates the Westside from the central part of the city along with Venice Boulevard, La Cienega Boulevard, Hauser Boulevard, San Vicente Boulevard, South Cochran Avenue, Wilshire Boulevard, 6th Street, Cochran Avenue, 4th Street, La Brea Avenue, Fountain Avenue and Sunset Boulevard,
Hollywood Boulevard is a major east–west street in Los Angeles, California.
 It begins in the west as a winding residential street at Sunset Plaza Drive in the Hollywood Hills West district.
 After crossing Laurel Canyon Boulevard, it proceeds due east as a major thoroughfare through Hollywood, Little Armenia and Thai Town to Vermont Avenue.
 It then runs southeast to its eastern terminus at Sunset Boulevard in the Los Feliz district.
 Parts of the boulevard are popular tourist destinations, primarily the fifteen blocks between La Brea Avenue east to Gower Street where the Hollywood Walk of Fame is primarily located.
Sunset Strip is the mile-and-a-half (2.4 km) stretch of Sunset Boulevard that passes through West Hollywood, California.
 It extends from West Hollywood's eastern border with Hollywood at Crescent Heights Boulevard to its western border with Beverly Hills at Sierra Drive.
 Sunset Strip is probably the best-known portion of Sunset Boulevard, with boutiques, restaurants, rock clubs, and nightclubs.
 It is also known for its array of huge, colorful billboards.
Nickelodeon on Sunset (also called Nick on Sunset), formerly known as Earl Carroll Theatre, was a stage facility located at 6230 Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood, California which has housed the West Coast production of live-action original series produced for the Nickelodeon cable channel since 1997, starting with the production of the third season of "All That".
Kenan & Kel is an American teen sitcom created by Kim Bass for Nickelodeon.
 It starred "All That" cast members Kenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell.
 65 episodes and a made-for-TV movie were produced over four seasons from 1996 to 2000.
 The first two seasons were filmed at Nickelodeon Studios in Orlando, Florida, and the remaining two were filmed at the Nick on Sunset theater in Hollywood.
Metromedia Square (later known as Fox Television Center from 1986 to 1996) was a radio and television studio facility located at 5746 Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood, California on the southeastern corner of Sunset and Van Ness Avenue.
 For decades it was recognizable by the white, ladder-like snake on the building's roof.
 This work of art was called "Starsteps" and was dismantled when ownership of the building changed hands in 2000.
Star Search is an American television show that was produced by T.P.E./Rysher Entertainment from 1983 to 1995, hosted by Ed McMahon, and created by Alfred Masini.
 A relaunch was produced by 2929 Productions from 2003 to 2004.
 On both versions of the show, contestants competed in several genres of entertainment.
 The show was originally filmed at the old Earl Carroll Theatre (now known as Nickelodeon on Sunset), at 6230 Sunset Blvd. in Hollywood and later at the Disney Hollywood Studios in Orlando, Florida.
Sunset Gower Studios is a 14 acre television and movie studio at the corner of Sunset Boulevard and Gower Street in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.
 Established in 1912, it continues today as Hollywood's largest independent studio and an active facility for television and film production on its twelve soundstages.
The Old Warner Brothers Studio, officially called today Sunset Bronson Studios (formerly known as KTLA Studios and Tribune Studios), is a motion picture, radio and television production facility located on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood, California.
 The studio was the site where the first talking feature film, "The Jazz Singer" was filmed in 1927.
