Rich Kids is a 1979 film directed by Robert M. Young and starring Trini Alvarado and .
 It was nominated for two Young Artist Awards at the 1st Youth in Film Awards, held in 1979.
"Fish in a Drawer" is the seventeenth episode of the fifth season of "Two and a Half Men" and the 113th episode overall.
 The episode was written by Evan Dunsky, Sarah Goldfinger, Carol Mendelsohn and Naren Shankar, the writers of "", who swapped shows with the writing staff of "Two and a Half Men".
Jared Michael Rushton (born March 3, 1974) is an American musician and former actor.
 He is best known for his roles in several films from the late 1980s, including "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids", "Big", and "Overboard".
 He has been nominated for a total of two Saturn Awards and two Young Artist Awards.
 He is also known for his roles in "Pet Sematary Two" and as Chip on the comedy sitcom "Roseanne".
 Rushton currently plays guitar in the rock band Deal by Dusk.
Twee Jonge Gezellen (TJ) is a family owned farm in the pioneer district of Tulbagh in the Western Cape, South Africa.
 The estate has been in the same family since 1710.
 Translated from Dutch, the name means Two Young Bachelors.
 The farm was started by two young bachelors (cousins) in 1710, and since the locals referred to the farm as "the place where the two young bachelors stay", the name stuck.
 However the two bachelors did not remain bachelors for long, since it is their direct descendants (the Krone family) who now run the farm and produce the wines.
 In September 2011 the farm was placed under provisional liquidation after it transpired that their Land Bank loan could not be repaid.
"Nice to Meet You, Walden Schmidt" is the ninth season premiere of the comedy series "Two and a Half Men" and the first appearance of Ashton Kutcher as Walden Schmidt, "an internet billionaire with a broken heart".
 It is the 178th episode of the show, and the first episode without former lead Charlie Sheen as Charlie Harper.
 The episode was watched by 28.74 million people on its original air date, making it the most watched episode of "Two and a Half Men".
Calum Worthy (born January 28, 1991) is a Canadian actor, writer and producer, known for his role as Dez on the Disney Channel series "Austin & Ally" and "The Coppertop Flop Show".
 He has won two Young Artist Awards in the Leading Young Actor category for his performances in the comedy film "National Lampoon's Thanksgiving Family Reunion" (2003) and the science fiction television series "Stormworld" (2009).
 He also won the Leading Actor award at the 2010 Leo Awards for his performance in "Stormworld".
The first season of "Two and a Half Men", an American television series created by Chuck Lorre and Lee Aronsohn, aired its pilot episode on September 22, 2003, at 9:30 p.m., ET/PT, on CBS, a U.S. broadcast television network.
 The pilot received great reviews and an Artios Award nomination for Best Casting for TV, Comedy Pilot (Nikki Valko, Ken Miller).
 In the week of October 1, 2003, the series was ranked 7th highest in the top ten shows of the week according to Nielsen Research, with an average 12.1/18 rating.
 Thanks to this, the series was able to air another 23 episodes, and was renewed for a second season in 2004.
 The DVD set was released on Region 2 on September 12, 2005, and on Region 1 on September 11, 2007.
 Its bonus material included: a blooper, outtakes, a backstage tour with Angus T. Jones and a behind-the-scenes special, with the cast and crew of "Two and a Half Men".
Angus Turner Jones (born October 8, 1993) is an American actor.
 Jones is best known for playing Jake Harper in the CBS sitcom "Two and a Half Men", for which he had won two Young Artist and a TV Land Award during his 10-year tenure as one of the show's main characters.
Temptation was an Australian game show which premiered on the Nine Network on 30 May 2005.
 Hosted by Ed Phillips and Livinia Nixon, the show was a remake of "Sale of the Century", which aired on Nine in the same timeslot for more than twenty years between 1980 and 2001.
 "Temptation" had the same general format of its predecessor, but with several new features and a de-emphasis on the "shopping" aspects of the endgame.
 The show ran until 30 November 2007, when it was placed on hiatus by the network following strong competition from game show "Deal or No Deal" on the rival Seven Network; during the hiatus, Nine filled the timeslot with episodes of the American sitcom "Two and a Half Men".
 When Ed Phillips made an appearance on "The NRL Footy Show" he announced "maybe summer" would be the return of the show.
 This statement was accurate, as "Temptation" returned for a shortened fourth series from 1 December 2008 with unaired episodes which were recorded during 2008.
 During that time, Ed Phillips was dumped by the Nine Network after his contract expired in November, and "Temptation" never returned to the schedule.
 After 23 January 2009, when the show's final episode aired, all "Temptation" websites were removed, and "Two and a Half Men" returned to Channel Nine's 7:00pm schedule.
The fifth season of "Two and a Half Men" originally aired on CBS from September 24, 2007, to May 19, 2008.
 A total of only 19 episodes were aired due to the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike.
 Unlike the previous seasons, the Season 5 DVD came without a gag reel.
 The DVD also titled "Tight's Good" as "Shoes, Hats, Pickle Jar Lids", and the "Previously on "Two and a Half Men"" recap seen in the original broadcast of "Fish in a Drawer" was initially not included on DVD.
 This was the shortest season in the history of the show until the eighth season ended after 16 episodes due to the firing of Charlie Sheen.
