Fishing Lake is a lake in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 The lake is located between highway 5 and highway 16, 22 km north of the town of Foam Lake, Saskatchewan, and 24 km east of the town of Wadena, Saskatchewan.
 The lake does not have an effective outlet channel, and so is prone to flooding.
 Record floods in 2007 resulted in a plan by the Government of Saskatchewan to lower the level of the lake by digging a drainage channel.
 The Fishing Lake First Nation opposed this plan, and instead flood control berms were constructed.
Neosho State Fishing Lake, also known as Lake McKinley is located in the state of Kansas.
 Located 5 mi north on highway 59 and 4 mi east on 40th Rd from the city of Parsons, Kansas, USA.
 Construction of this lake was completed in 1927.
 The lake covers 92 acre of water.
 There are 124 public use acres surrounding the lake.
 Fishing, camping, and picnicking are popular activities.
 The park has a shelter house, fishing piers, picnic tables, barbecue grills, vault toilets and water hydrant.
 Below Lake McKinley dam is a catch and release youth fishing pond for anglers age 15 and under when with an accompanying adult.
 The lake is operated by the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks.
Higgins Lake is a large recreational and fishing lake in Roscommon County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 The 9,900 acre (40 km²) lake is known for its deep, clear waters and is the 10th largest in Michigan with a shoreline of 21 mi .
 It is named after Sylvester Higgins, the first chief of the topographical department of the Michigan Geological Survey.
 It has a maximum width of 4 mi and a length of 7 mi with a maximum depth of 135 ft .
 The mean depth is 44 ft and the lake contains almost 20 billion cubic feet (570 million m³) of water.
 Its retention time is about 12.5 years.
 The lake's watershed covers 19,000 acres (77 km²).
 The twin-lobed lake receives half of its water from submerged springs, six percent from incoming streams, and the remainder from direct rainfall and runoff.
 It drains into Marl Lake by the Cut River which runs into Houghton Lake and eventually to Lake Michigan.
 A mile north of the lake, water flows into the Lake Huron watershed.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake is approximately eight miles northwest of Topeka, Kansas, and is in northern Shawnee County, Kansas.
 This lake is sometimes confused with Lake Shawnee, on the east side of Topeka.
 It is a 135 acre surface area lake with a maximum depth of 25 ft .
 This is a manmade freshwater lake, which was constructed in the late 1960s.
 The lake is widest at the dam, which is at the south end of the lake.
 It can be reached by a number of roads.
 The only asphalted road reaching it is on the southeast corner.
 To the north is 94th Street and on the west side is Humphrey Road.
Brown State Fishing Lake (sometimes also known as Brown State Fishing Lake And Wildlife Area) is a protected area in Brown County, Kansas in the United States.
 The lake is 62 acres (0.25 km²) in area and up to 13 feet (4 m) deep.
 The area was formerly known as Brown County State Park, and is 8 miles (13 km) east of Hiawatha, Kansas.
Osage State Fishing Lake is located in northern Osage County, Kansas.
 It is a mile east of US 75.
 Scranton, Kansas, is to the lake's northwest and Overbrook, Kansas, is to the northeast.
 Osage Lake is a freshwater man-made lake, constructed in 1955.
 It has a surface area of 140 acres, The parkland in which the lake is contained has 366 acreas of land, mostly tall grass prairie with numerous wooded areas.
 The lake is owned by the State of Kansas.
Higgins Lake is a small unincorporated community along the southern and western shores of Higgins Lake, a recreational and fishing lake in Roscommon County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Higgins Lake is the name of the post office for the area, with ZIP code 48627.
 This ZIP code includes several other small communities and locales along the shores of the lake, including (moving counter-clockwise around the lake) Hillcrest, Lyon Manor, Detroit Park, Cook Corner, Sharps Corner, Almeda Beach, Oak Grove, Ritz Corner, Pine Bluffs, and Cottage Grove.
 Since all have Higgins Lake as a postal address, they are often all considered as part of the Higgins Lake community.
 The lake is situated on the boundary between Lyon Township on the west and Gerrish Township on the east.
 US 127 passes on the west side of the lake while I-75 and M-18 both pass a few miles to the east.
 Houghton Lake is just a few miles to the south.
Wilson Lake is located in Iron County, outside of Wilson Creek Flowage.
 It is one of seven lakes in the state with the name Wilson Lake.
 This particular lake is a popular fishing lake 5 mi from the town of Mercer.
 With three bays, it has two islands and water feed and drain in the South Bay of the lake.
 The public boat landing is in the Main Bay on the west side of the lake.
 The North Bay has the most marsh vegetation.
 There are many cabins located on the lake for residents and vacationers to the North Woods.
Narrow Hills Provincial Park is provincial park in Saskatchewan, Canada.
 It contains a series of recreational facilities and a variety of lakes within its boundaries.
 These include the Gem Lakes, Lower Fishing Lake, Upper Fishing Lake and others.
Commanda Lake (or Lake Commanda) is a lake in central Ontario, Canada.
 Located on the border between Patterson Township and Pringle Township, in the Almaguin Highlands region of the District of Parry Sound, it is fed by Gee Creek, Commanda Creek and Beaudry Creek and is drained by the Restoule River.
 The Lake is shaped like the number "3", its middle spur is called Deep Bay.
 The lake is home to one permanent island, located off a point in its east.
 This is a mud bottom lake and its water is "tea coloured."
 On the north shore of the lake is the community of Restoule, but cottages line many of the shore lines.
 Lots of crown land also surrounds the lake shore making it a very peaceful lake for people of all ages to enjoy.
 This lake has one public boat launch towards the southern end of the lake accessible on Commanda Lake Road.
 The lake is located at an altitude of 222 m (729 ft) above sea level.
 The lake is home to the Northern pike, Walleye, Smallmouth bass and Largemouth bass species of fish.
 Ice gets thick in the winter making this lake an all year round fishing lake.
