The scienter action is a category within [tort] law in some[common law] jurisdictions which deals with the damage done by an animal directly to a human.
 It had a long history in English law, although it was abolished by the [Animals Act 1971].
 An action in those common law jurisdictions where it has not been extinguished by statute, is in addition to the torts of negligence and nuisance, or more bespoke torts like cattle trespass.
 Where an animal is known to behave in a certain way, and that is expressed on a person causing injury, an action can be taken in this tort.
 This tort is not available in New South Wales, The Australian Capital Territory, South Australia or New Zealand.
 In these jurisdictions the actions involving animals need to be in nuisance or negligence.
 To be successful the plaintiff needs to take action against the person in control of the animal, and it is strict liability, requiring no more than proof of injury, that the animal had a problematic trait, and the person in control knew about the trait in the animal.
 Being strict liability, there is no need to argue fault in the form of wilful intent or negligence on the part of the animal or its controller.
 The only defence is if it can be proved the plaintiff voluntarily assumed the risk of injury by their actions, or if the plaintiff was the cause of the injury.
 It is common to distinguish between harmless animals and wild animals.
 No scienter is needed for wild animals.
 Animals are classed as wild or harmless on the basis of species or kind, not on the basis of being a tame individual.
 An elephant is considered wild irrespective of its use.
 The scienter action is referred to in Rylands v. Fletcher in that one who keeps a wild thing “must keep it at his peril” to make reference to part of Justice Colin Blackburn’s comment.
This list of fossils with consumulites contains fossil specimens discovered to contain the preserved remains of food that the deceased animal had ingested during life.
 Such consumulites are a type of bromalite, the broader term applied to fossilized material ingested by an animal including waste expelled from the body like feces (coprolites) and vomit (regurgitalites).
 Consumulites are divided into three categories food in the animal's mouth when it died (oralites), food in the animal's throat when it died (esophagolites), partially digested stomach contents (gastrolites, not to be confused with gastro"liths"), and food found in the animal's intestinal tract (cololites).
The Coffinfish, ("Chaunax endeavouri"), is a species of sea toad of the family Chaunacidae.
 It is found in salty temperate waters of southwestern Pacific, off east coast of Australia.
 It can be also found in depths of 164 – .
 They have a flabby and spiny body that grows to a max length of 22.0 cm (SL male/unsexed) and a black mouth lining and an illicium on the snout that can be lowered into a groove.
The phrase and title There Was an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly—alternatively, "I Know an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly," or "There Was an Old Woman Who Swallowed a Fly," or "I Know an Old Woman Who Swallowed a Fly"—is a children's rhyme and song of a kind known as cumulative.
 The song tells the story of an old woman who swallowed increasingly large animals, each to catch the previously swallowed animal.
 There are many variations of phrasing in the lyrics, especially for the description of swallowing each animal.
 The spider and fly are described in each verse, but the other animals are only described when they are introduced starting with the bird.
 The absurdity stems from the increasingly improbable solutions that only worsen the initial problem and are more likely to cause the woman's death: the logic of swallowing of even more animals of preposterous sizes without dying, contrasted with the expected, matter-of-fact recounting of her death from swallowing an animal larger than herself, when in fact the swallowing of any animal as a solution was absurd.
Obligate nasal breathing describes a physiological necessity to breathe through the nose (or other forms of external nares, depending on the species) as opposed to the mouth.
 The term may be misleading, as it implies that the animal has no choice but to breathe through its nose; however, it is commonly used to describe cases where effective breathing through the mouth is possible but not preferred.
 Alternatively, the term has been defined by some as the ability to breathe through the nose while swallowing.
 While this ability is a common trait of obligate nasal breathers, clearly this definition does not require that nasal breathing in any way be obligatory to the animal.
 Even in obligate nasal breathers such as horses, rabbits, and rodents, there is a potentially patent path for air to travel from the mouth to the lungs which can be used for endotracheal intubation.
 It has been suggested that obligate nasal breathing is an adaptation especially useful in prey species, as it allows an animal to feed while preserving their ability to detect predators by scent.
In animal grooming, cording is a technique in which dog coats are separated patiently into dreadlocks for coat care or presentation purposes.
 Some dog breeds that are often corded are the Puli and the Komondor.
 The Havanese and Poodle are also occasionally corded for showing.
The Black Mouth Cur is a hunting and cattle dog that has its origins in Southern United States.
Bocanegra (""Black mouth"") is a Spanish surname, and may refer to;
A sucker in zoology refers to specialised attachment organ of an animal.
 It acts as an adhesion device in parasitic worms, several flatworms, cephalopods, certain fishes, amphibians, and bats.
 It is a muscular structure for suction on a host or substrate.
 In parasitic annelids, flatworms and roundworms, suckers are the organs of attachment to the host tissues.
 In tapeworms and flukes, they are a parasitic adaptation for attachment on the internal tissues of the host, such as intestines and blood vessels.
 In roundworms and flatworms they serve as attachment between individuals particularly during mating.
 In annelids, a sucker can be both a functional mouth and a locomotory organ.
 The structure and number of suckers are often used as basic taxonomic diagnosis between different species, since they are unique in each species.
 In tapeworms there are two distinct classes of suckers, namely "bothridia" for true suckers, and "bothria" for false suckers.
 In digeneal flukes there are usually an oral sucker at the mouth and a ventral sucker (or acetabulum) posterior to the mouth.
 Roundworms have their sucker just in front of the anus; hence it is often called a pre-anal sucker.
The Stephens Cur (a.k.a. Stephens' Stock Cur), is a scent hound that belongs to the Cur dog breed.
 They were originally bred by the Stephens family in southeastern Kentucky.
 The dogs known as "Little black dog" were bred by generations of that family for over a century.
 In 1970, they were recognized as separate and distinct breed of Cur.
 The dog is mostly black with white markings, but more than a third white is not permissible.
 It is good for hunting raccoon and squirrel, but can also be used to bay wild boar.
 They are registered with the United Kennel Club
