Robert Cushman (November 7, 1946 – July 13, 2009) was the photography curator for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) for 37 years.
 He is credited with developing and expanding the photographic archives of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science's Margaret Herrick Library in Beverly Hills, California.
 The collection is estimated to consist of more than 10 million images and photographs as of 2009.
 Additional images were acquired by Cushman through his solicitation of donations from major Hollywood film studios, individuals and their families during his 37-year tenure with the Academy.
Bramah N. Singh (3 March 1938 - 20 September 2014) was a cardiac pharmacologist and academic.
 Born in Fiji, he graduated in medicine from University of Otago (New Zealand) in 1963 and completed residency at Auckland Hospital, followed by a cardiology fellowship at Greenlane Hospital.
 In 1969, Singh was awarded a Nuffield travelling fellowship and moved to Oxford to work with the Miles Vaughan Williams.
 There, he worked on the anti-arrhythmic properties of drugs including amiodarone.
 Such work helped to refine the characteristics of Class III compounds in the developing Vaughan Williams classification.
 Some reviews on antidysrythmic drugs during his lifeyime credited his work in developing the classification system equally with Vaughan Williams, leading to the classification sometimes being called the Singh Vaughan Williams classification.
Tex Brashear (born January 2, 1955) is a voice actor, who after a career in radio in Texas, Arizona, and Los Angeles, made the transition into voice acting.
 Known as "The Man of 1000 Voices" (although he actually does more than 3000), Brashear has been heard in thousands of cartoons, radio and television commercials, and has narrated many nature and historical films.
 His "basso profundo" voice has been heard in countless movie trailers through the years.
 His comedic singing has even been featured on "The Doctor Demento Show".
 He has also voiced and produced comedy bits for "The Howard Stern Show" and "The Rush Limbaugh Program".
 Winner of 102 Addy Awards, he is also credited with discovering and developing the technique of reverse breathing, a vocal technique used by voice actors to help sustain their long breaths.
 It is somewhat related to circular breathing.
 In addition to voice acting, he has also served as casting director and dialect coach for many films, both American and foreign, and has contributed many research papers on the history of the American Southwest.
George Robert Groves (13 December 1901 – 4 September 1976) was a film sound pioneer who played a significant role in developing the technology that brought sound to the silent screen.
 He is also credited as being Hollywood’s first ‘sound man’; he was the recording engineer on the seminal Al Jolson picture, "The Jazz Singer" (1927), as well as many other early talkies.
 In a career with Warner Brothers that spanned 46 years, he rose to become their Director of Sound and won two Academy Awards.
Here Come the Warm Jets is the debut solo album by Brian Eno, credited only as "Eno".
 Produced by him, it was released on Island Records in January 1974.
 The musical style of "Here Come the Warm Jets" is a hybrid of glam rock and art pop, similar to Eno's previous album work with Roxy Music, although in a stronger experimental fashion.
 In developing the album's words and music, Eno used unusual methods such as dancing for his band members and having them play accordingly, and singing nonsense words to himself that would form the basis of subsequent lyrics.
 The album features various guest musicians, including members of Roxy Music, Hawkwind, Matching Mole and Pink Fairies, as well as Chris Spedding, and Robert Fripp of King Crimson, who collaborated with Eno a year before in "(No Pussyfooting)".
Dennis Brian Close, CBE (24 February 1931 – 13 September 2015) was an English cricketer, the youngest man ever to play Test cricket for England.
 He was picked to play against New Zealand in July 1949, when he was 18 years old.
 Close went on to play 22 Test matches for England, captaining them seven times to six wins and one drawn test.
 Close also captained Yorkshire to four county championship titles – the main domestic trophy in English cricket.
 He later went on to captain Somerset, where he is widely credited with developing the county into a hard-playing team, and helping to mould Viv Richards and Ian Botham into the successful players they became.
Prentice John Delaney Jr. (January 8, 1945 – April 13, 2003), better known as Sean Delaney, was an American musician, producer, road manager and songwriter, best known for his work with the rock band KISS from the early 1970s until the early 1980s.
 He is largely credited with developing their choreography onstage, and co-wrote many songs with Paul Stanley, including "Mr. Speed", "Makin' Love", and "Take Me" from the 1976 album "Rock and Roll Over", and "All American Man" from the studio side of the 1977 album "Alive II".
Gaja is an Italian wine producer from the Piemonte region in the district of Langhe, chiefly producing a number of Barbaresco and Barolo wines, and later diversified into Brunello and "Super-Tuscan" production.
 Its current owner and president Angelo Gaja is credited with developing techniques that have revolutionised winemaking in Italy, and terms such as "the undisputed king of Barbaresco", and "the man who dragged Piedmont into the modern world" have been applied to him, and whose Barbaresco wine is considered a status symbol on a par with Château Lafite-Rothschild or Krug.
George Leslie Horine (February 3, 1890 – November 28, 1948) was an American athlete who mainly competed in the high jump.
 He is credited with developing a technique called a forerunner to the western roll, a technique he developed due to the layout of his backyard where he practiced which was considered "backward" at the time.
 While on the track team at Stanford University, his technique was corrected to the more conventional jumping style of the time.
 He equalled the NCAA record in the event at 6' 4" as a sophomore.
 His junior year, 1912, he reverted to his old style, improving to 6' 4 3/4" and then a world record 6' 6 1/8".
 A few weeks later at the Olympic Trials, he improved again to jump 6' 7" making him the first man to break the 2 m barrier.
 It was the first high jump world record ratified by the IAAF.
 He never improved upon his record, which stood for two years.
Rosa Mundi was the name of a very short lived electronic music supergroup which consisted of Rose McDowall, John Balance and possibly Peter Christopherson.
 The group is only credited for one song, "The Snow Man" which appeared on the compilations "The Final Solstice" and "The Final Solstice II" and the split 7" vinyl "Grief".
 Furthermore, Rosa Mundi is credited on the song "Christmas Is Now Drawing Near" from the Coil single "", later released on "Moons Milk (In Four Phases)".
 Since both songs, "The Snow Man" and "Christmas Is Now Drawing Near", were both originally released in 1999, it can be said that this is the only year the group functioned.
 However, the song "Rosa Decidua" from the 1998 Coil EP , while not credited to Rosa Mundi, has exactly the same line-up.
