Championship Fighting Alliance (CFA) is a mixed martial arts (MMA) based promotion company located in Miami Lakes, Florida.
 It was founded by former MMA fighter and promoter Jorge De La Noval in 2011.
 It has currently produced 10 live events.
 Fallon Fox, who currently is signed to fight for CFA, is the first openly transgender MMA fighter in history.
 On May 24, 2013, CFA will be hosting CFA 11, their 11th event at the Bankunited Center located on the University of Miami campus.
 Fighter 411 reported that CFA had held the most events in Florida during the 2012-2013 season.
The Educational Broadband Service (EBS) was formerly known as the Instructional Television Fixed Service (ITFS).
 ITFS was a band of twenty (20) microwave TV channels available to be licensed by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to local credit granting educational institutions.
 It was designed to serve as a means for educational institutions to deliver live or pre-recorded Instructional television to multiple sites within school districts and to higher education branch campuses.
 In recognition of the variety and quantity of video materials required to support instruction at numerous grade levels and in a range of subjects, licensees were typically granted a group of four channels.
 Its low capital and operating costs as compared to broadcast television, technical quality that compared favorably with broadcast television, and its multi-channel per licensees feature made ITFS an extremely cost effective vehicle for the delivery of Educational television materials.
Joseph Rolando Benavidez (born July 31, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist.
 After fighting in smaller shows while working as a screen printer in Las Cruces, New Mexico, he joined up with Urijah Faber's Team Alpha Male in 2007.
 He has since fought in Dream and more recently the World Extreme Cagefighting promotion.
 He currently fights as a flyweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 His fighting style has drawn comparisons to training partner and former WEC Featherweight Champion Urijah Faber.
 As of February 6, 2017, he is #1 in the official UFC flyweight rankings and ranked the #2 flyweight in the world by Sherdog.
 On April 27, 2010, the Mayor and City Council of the City of Las Cruces proclaimed April 27 as Joseph Benavidez Day in Las Cruces.
Michael Alldis ( (1968--) 25 1968 (age (2017)-(1968)-((11)<(05)or(11)==(05)and(30)<(25)) ) ) born in London is an English amateur bantamweight and professional bantam/super bantam/feather/super featherweight boxer of the 1990s and 2000s, who as an amateur was runner-up for the 1966 Amateur Boxing Association of England bantamweight (54 kg) title, against Patrick Mullings (St Patricks ABC), boxing out of Crawley ABC, and as a professional won the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) British super bantamweight title, and Commonwealth super bantamweight title, and was a challenger for the World Boxing Organization (WBO) Inter-Continental super bantamweight title against Laureano Ramírez, Commonwealth featherweight title against Billy Hardy, BBBofC British featherweight title against Paul Ingle, and International Boxing Organization (IBO) super bantamweight title against Simon Ramoni, his professional fighting weight varied from 118 lb , i.e. bantamweight to 129 lb , i.e. super featherweight.
 Michael Alldis was trained by James Cook, and managed by Barry Hearn.
The Khalid Bin Hamad Al Khalifa Mixed Martial Arts (KHK MMA) is a martial arts organization based in Bahrain.
 It was founded under the patronage of His Highness Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa for its current CEO and professional MMA fighter Mohammed "The Hawk" Shahid in February 2015.
 Fighters competing under KHK MMA banner include: former UFC lightweight champion Frankie Edgar, UFC lightweight contender Khabib Nurmagomedov, UFC lightweight fighter Islam Makhachev, Bellator fighter James Gallagher, 2-time IMMAF champion Jose "Shorty" Torres, former UFC fighter and current Titan FC contender Alex Soto, and current Desert Force fighter Hamza Kooheji.
 KHK MMA activities include: coaching pro fighters, developing amateur MMA, promoting martial arts events, fitness gyms, and a sports gear brand.
Nedal "Skinny" Hussein (born 1 December 1977) is an Australian professional bantam/super bantam/feather/super feather/Lightweight boxer of the 1990s and 2000s who won the Australian super bantamweight title, Australian bantamweight title, International Boxing Federation (IBF) Pan Pacific featherweight title, World Boxing Federation (WBF) featherweight title, World Boxing Union (WBU) super bantamweight title, World Boxing Organization (WBO) Asia Pacific super featherweight title, International Boxing Federation (IBF) Pan Pacific super featherweight title, International Boxing Organization (IBO) Inter-Continental super featherweight title, and Commonwealth super bantamweight title, and was a challenger for the World Boxing Council (WBC) International super bantamweight title against Manny Pacquiao, World Boxing Council (WBC) super bantamweight title against Óscar Larios, World Boxing Organization (WBO) featherweight title against Scott Harrison, Oriental and Pacific Boxing Federation (OPBF) featherweight title against Hiroyuki Enoki, and Oriental and Pacific Boxing Federation (OPBF) super featherweight title against Takashi Uchiyama, his professional fighting weight varied from 117+1/4 lb , i.e. bantamweight to 132+3/4 lb , i.e. lightweight.
Patrick "Schoolboy" Mullings ( (1970--) 19 1970 (age 47 ) ) born in Harlesden is an English amateur bantamweight and professional super bantam/feather/super featherweight boxer of the 1990s and 2000s, who as an amateur was the runner-up for the 1990 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) bantamweight title, against Paul Lloyd (Vauxhall Motors ABC (Ellesmere Port)), and won the 1992 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) bantamweight title, against Michael Alldis (Crawley ABC), boxing out of St Patricks ABC, and as a professional won the World Boxing Council (WBC) International super bantamweight title, International Boxing Organization (IBO) super bantamweight title, BBBofC (BBBofC) British super bantamweight title, International Boxing Organization (IBO) Inter-Continental super bantamweight title, and Commonwealth featherweight title, and was a challenger for the BBBofC Southern Area super bantamweight title against Spencer Oliver, and International Boxing Organization super bantamweight title against Simon Ramoni, his professional fighting weight varied from 119 lb , i.e. bantamweight to 127 lb , i.e. super featherweight.
 Patrick Mullings was managed by Frank Maloney.
Domenico Maria Ferrabosco (Ferabosco) (14 February 1513 – February 1574) was an Italian composer and singer of the Renaissance, and the eldest musician in a large prominent family from Bologna.
 He spent his career both in Bologna and Rome.
 His surviving music is all vocal, consisting of madrigals and motets, although he is principally known for his madrigals, which musicologist Alfred Einstein compared favorably to those of his renowned contemporary Cipriano de Rore.
Game On Dude (foaled April 26, 2007 in Kentucky) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse gelding.
 He won fourteen graded stakes races, including eight Grade I stakes: the Santa Anita Handicap in 2011, 2013, and 2014 the only horse to have won that race three times; he also won the Goodwood Stakes twice (2011, 2012), the 2013 Pacific Classic Stakes, and the Hollywood Gold Cup twice (2012, 2013).
 He has beaten many of the leading North American racehorses including Awesome Gem, Tizway, Ruler on Ice, Uncle Mo, Stay Thirsty, Mucho Macho Man and Will Take Charge and has been rated among the best thirty racehorses in the world in the annual World Thoroughbred Rankings.
 Upon his retirement, he was compared favorably as one of the greatest racing geldings of all time, along with Kelso, John Henry and Forego.
In palaeography, Demetrius Triclinius (Greek: Δημήτριος Τρικλίνιος ; b. ca. 1300), a native of Thessalonica, was a Byzantine scholar who edited and analyzed the metrical structure of many texts from ancient Greece, particularly those of Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides.
 He is often compared favorably with two contemporary annotators of ancient Greek texts, Thomas Magister and Manuel Moschopulus.
 He also had knowledge of astronomy.
