"Born to Roll" is a single by Masta Ace Incorporated.
 Released initially as a standalone single in 1994, "Born To Roll" is the West Coast remake of "Jeep Ass Niguh" (the hit single from their 1993 debut album "SlaughtaHouse") with the all the same lyrics intact, now musically modified to pay homage to the West Coast sound (which was extremely popular by this time) and the lowrider scene, keeping with the theme of cars and loud, booming music.
 Group leader Masta Ace was the sole performer of the song, as well as the sole producer of this version under the credit of Ase One.
Selling My Soul is the third solo studio album by Wu-Tang Clan member Masta Killa, it was released on December 11, 2012 on Nature Sounds Records and Royal Lion Music.
 Production was handled by 9th Wonder, Mathematics, PF Cuttin, as well as guest appearances from Kurupt and Ol' Dirty Bastard.
Twelve Reasons to Die is the tenth studio album by Wu-Tang Clan member, rapper Ghostface Killah.
 It is a concept album based on a comic book of the same name.
 The album was produced and composed by Adrian Younge.
 It was also executive produced and narrated by RZA.
 The album was released on April 16, 2013, by RZA's Soul Temple Records label and RED Distribution.
 It features guest appearances from Wu-Tang members Inspectah Deck, U-God, Masta Killa and Cappadonna along with William Hart and Killa Sin.
Crush is the second and final Korean studio album by South Korean girl group 2NE1.
 The single was released digitally at midnight local time on February 14, 2014.
 It is the group's first album release since 2011's "2nd Mini Album" and second full-length album following 2010's "To Anyone".
 Production of the album was handled mainly by Teddy with contributions from Choice 37, Dee.P, Masta Wu, Choi Pil Kang and Peejay as well as the group's leader, CL.
 Lyrics were written mainly by Teddy Park and CL, with contributions from Big Bang's G-Dragon and Choi Pil Kang.
 The album is classified as pop, but features elements of other genres, such as R&B, dance, hip hop, reggae and electronic music.
Jamel Irief (born Elgin Turner; August 18, 1969), better known by his stage name Masta Killa, is an American rapper and member of the Wu-Tang Clan.
 Though one of the lesser-known members of the group (he was featured on only one track on their 1993 debut album "Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)"), he has been prolific on Clan group albums and solo projects since the mid-1990s.
 He released his debut album "No Said Date" in 2004 to positive reviews, and has since released three additional albums.
Legendary Weapons is a compilation album by American hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan, which was released July 26, 2011 on E1 Music.
 It follows 2009's "Wu-Tang Chamber Music".
 Legendary Weapons features performances by several Wu-Tang members (GZA and Masta Killa are absent), and affiliates Trife Diesel, Killa Sin and Bronze Nazareth.
 Other guests include Sean Price, M.O.P., AZ, Action Bronson & Roc Marciano among others.
Sittin' on Chrome is the second and final album from Hip Hop group Masta Ace Incorporated, which includes Ace, Lord Digga, Paula Perry and Leschea.
 Ace followed the success of his 1994 hits ""Jeep Ass Niguh"" and ""Crooklyn"" (released with the Crooklyn Dodgers) with his most commercially successful album, which concentrated more on the West Coast/"gangsta" Hip-Hop sound that particularly became a popular trend among many artists nationwide since the mega-success of Dr. Dre's "The Chronic".
Masta Ace Incorporated was a Hip Hop crew formed by rapper Masta Ace.
 The group, also known as "The I.N.C.", included Eyceurokk (Eyce, Uneek and Rokkdiesel), Lord Digga, Paula Perry and R&B vocalist Leschea.
 Ace first gained notice in the rap world as a member of the legendary Juice Crew, and with the release of his acclaimed 1990 debut "Take a Look Around", which featured an appearance from Eyceurokk.
 In 1992, Ace formed the I.N.C. crew and recorded their first group album, "SlaughtaHouse", which was released in May 1993.
 Ace provided almost all of the rapping, with Lord Digga serving as the hype-man.
 Digga was also responsible for a bulk of the beats, producing five of the album's songs as part of the duo Bluez Brothers.
 Paula Perry was the main performer on the song ""Who U Jackin'?""
, Leschea provided vocals for ""Don't Fuck Around (Outro)"", and Eyceurokk appeared on the tracks '"Slaughtahouse"' (as MC Negro), ""Ain't U Da Masta"" and ""Saturday Nite Live"".
 The album was highly acclaimed, but sold only moderately well.
 Some versions of "SlaughtaHouse" included the hidden bonus track, ""Born to Roll"", which became a huge hit in 1994, breaking into the Top 25 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart.
 Eyceurokk split from the crew after "SlaughtaHouse", leaving the group to four members.
Supreme Clientele is the second studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Ghostface Killah, released on February 8, 2000 by Epic Records.
 The album showcases Ghostface's signature up-tempo, stream-of-consciousness rhyme style, and features guest appearances from Cappadonna, GZA, Masta Killa, Method Man, Raekwon, Redman, RZA, U-God, and others.
 It features affiliates of what would become members of Theodore Unit and T.M.F. "Supreme Clientele" contains a large amount of production from group member RZA, who also re-worked and remixed beats from other producers involved, as a means to create a unified and cohesive sound for the album.
The Wu-Tang Clan is an American hip hop group from Staten Island, New York City, originally composed of East Coast rappers RZA, GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Method Man, Raekwon, Ghostface Killah, Inspectah Deck, U-God and Masta Killa.
 Cappadonna later became an official member of the group.
 The Wu-Tang Clan has released four gold and platinum studio albums. Its 1993 debut album, "Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)", is considered to be one of the greatest albums in hip-hop history.
