The 2017 Betway Premier League Darts was a darts tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation – the thirteenth edition of the tournament.
 The event began on Thursday 2 February at the Metro Radio Arena in Newcastle and ended with the Play-Offs at The O2 Arena in London on Thursday 18 May.
 This is the fourth year that the tournament is sponsored by Betway.
The 2013 McCoy's Premier League Darts was a darts tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation; the ninth edition of the tournament.
 The event began at the Odyssey Arena in Belfast on Thursday 7 February, and ended at The O Arena, London on Thursday 16 May.
 The tournament was shown live on Sky Sports in the UK and Ireland.
The 2016 Betway Premier League Darts was a darts tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation – the twelfth edition of the tournament.
 The event began on Thursday 4 February at the First Direct Arena in Leeds and ended with the Play-Offs at The O2 Arena in London on Thursday 19 May.
 The tournament saw its first visit to the Netherlands after agreeing to go to Ahoy Arena in Rotterdam on Thursday 12 May, joining 15 other venues across the UK and Ireland.
 This is the third year that the tournament was sponsored by Betway.
The O2 Arena (temporarily the sponsor-neutral "North Greenwich Arena", during the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics), is a multi-purpose indoor arena located in the centre of The O2 entertainment complex on the Greenwich Peninsula in south-east London.
 The arena was built under the former Millennium Dome, a large dome-shaped building built to house an exhibition celebrating the turn of the third millennium; as the dome-shaped structure still stands over the arena, "The Dome" remains a name in common usage for the venue.
 The arena, as well as the total O2 complex, is named after its primary sponsor, the telecommunications company O.
The 2015 Betway Premier League Darts was a darts tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation; the eleventh edition of the tournament.
 The event began at the First Direct Arena in Leeds on Thursday 4 February, and ended at The O Arena, London on Thursday 21 May.
 The tournament was shown live on Sky Sports in the UK and Ireland.
 This was the second year that the tournament was sponsored by Betway.
The 2018 Unibet Premier League Darts will be a darts tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation – the fourteenth edition of the tournament.
 The event will begin on Thursday 1 February at the 3Arena in Dublin and will end with the Play-Offs at The O2 Arena in London on Thursday 17 May.
 This is the first year that the tournament is sponsored by Unibet.
The PDC World Darts Championship, organised by the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC), is one of the two World Professional Darts Championships held annually in the sport of darts.
 The other is the BDO World Darts Championship organised by the British Darts Organisation (BDO).
 The PDC championship begins in December, overlapping in January with the start of the BDO tournament.
 The highest profile of the PDC's tournaments, it is held at Alexandra Palace in London and is sponsored by bookmaker William Hill; winners receive the Sid Waddell Trophy, named in honour of the legendary darts commentator Sid Waddell, who died in 2012.
The 2012 McCoy's Premier League Darts was a darts tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation; the eighth edition of the tournament.
 The event began at the Manchester Arena in Manchester on 9 February, and ended at The O Arena in London on 17 May.
The 2014 Betway Premier League Darts was a darts tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation; the tenth edition of the tournament.
 The event began at the Echo Arena in Liverpool on Thursday 6 February, and ended at The O Arena, London on Thursday 22 May.
 The tournament was shown live on Sky Sports in the UK and Ireland.
 The new title sponsor was Betway.
David "Dave" Chisnall (born 12 September 1980) is an English professional darts player from St Helens who plays in Professional Darts Corporation (PDC) events.
 He began his career participating in the British Darts Organisation (BDO) and was the runner-up in their World Championship in 2010.
 He switched to the PDC a year later and has won nine Pro Tour events.
 Since his switch to the PDC, Chisnall is probably best known for defeating Phil Taylor in the 2012 World Championship, for reaching the final of the 2013 World Grand Prix where he was beaten 6–0 by Taylor and for reaching the final of the 2014 Grand Slam of Darts, losing a much closer match 16–13, again to Phil Taylor.
 He hit his only televised nine-dart finish in the 2015 Grand Slam of Darts against Peter Wright.
