The New Albany Classic Invitational Grand Prix and Family Day (generally referred to as "The New Albany Classic") is a unique day-long event featuring a myriad of family-focused activities including a USEF/FEI-sanctioned equestrian show jumping event featuring Olympic, World Cup and Nations Cup riders and their mounts competing for $125,000 in prize money and the chance to put their name on the perpetual Authentic Cup trophy, the Concert at The Classic featuring top musical performers from around the world and a large-scale family festival atmosphere including rides, sports experiences, hands-on art activities, musical and dance entertainment, car displays, food trucks and farm tours.
 Held annually since 1998 in New Albany, Ohio at the home of Leslie Wexner and Abigail Wexner, the event serves as the primary fundraiser for The Center for Family Safety and Healing, which seeks to break the cycle of family violence and provide support to victims of domestic abuse.
The Olympic Games are an international multi-sport event featuring both summer and winter sports, held every two years with Summer and Winter Olympic Games alternating.
 During Olympic Games opening ceremonies, the sitting president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) will make a speech before inviting a representative from the host country to officially declare that particular Games open.
 The current Olympic Charter requires this person to be the head of state of the host country, although this has not always been the case.
 This article lists the people who have had the ceremonial duty to declare each Olympic Games open.
The Way It Was was a 1974 to 1978 PBS television series featuring athletes reminiscing about a particular sporting event from the past.
 Hosted by Curt Gowdy, the bulk of the 30-minute broadcast was dedicated to rebroadcasting the game, uninterrupted but in edited form, with a short 5-minute discussion segment at the end of the show.
 The show is also notable for its computer animated intro with the song "Happy Days Are Here Again".
Katsuaki Susa (須佐 勝明 , Susa Katsuaki , born September 13, 1984 in Aizuwakamatsu, Fukushima) is a Japanese boxer who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the flyweight division (– 52 kg).
 He is an alumnus of the Toyo University, and is Second lieutenant in the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force.
The long jump (historically called the broad jump) is a track and field event in which athletes combine speed, strength and agility in an attempt to leap as far as possible from a take off point.
 Along with the triple jump, the two events that measure jumping for distance as a group are referred to as the "horizontal jumps".
 This event has a history in the Ancient Olympic Games and has been a modern Olympic event for men since the first Olympics in 1896 and for women since 1948.
The Los Angeles Invitational was an elite level indoor track meet, held in the Los Angeles Sports Arena in Los Angeles, California.
 For 25 years (1970 to 1995) the event was sponsored by the hometown Sunkist Growers, Incorporated who assumed title sponsorship and the event was known as the Sunkist Invitational.
 The meet was promoted by Al Franken (not the comedian/U.
S. Senator), later with the help of his son Don under the banner of Franken Enterprises.
 Franken co-founded the meet along with coach Herschel Curry Smith.
 It was usually held in early to mid-February, was frequently televised nationally, and was an elite level stop between the Millrose Games and the USA Indoor Track and Field Championships.
 In addition to attracting the top elite athletes which dominated the evening schedule, it was an all day event featuring the top high school runners (all running unattached to conform to CIF rules), just before the official track season began.
 The event was cancelled before its 44th edition in 2004, due to lack of sponsorship.
 Before its demise, it claimed to be the second longest running indoor track meet in the United States.
 They also claim 105 Olympic gold medalists among their alumni and many other elite athletes participated in the meet.
 Several still standing World, American and other national records were set at the meet.
Frederick Carlton "Carl" Lewis (born July 1, 1961) is an American former track and field athlete who won nine Olympic gold medals, one Olympic silver medal, and 10 World Championships medals, including eight gold.
 His career spanned from 1979 to 1996 when he last won an Olympic event and subsequently retired.
 He is one of only three Olympic athletes who won a gold medal in the same event in four consecutive Olympic Games.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) promotes women in sports in an effort to increase participation in the games as well recognition of the well being of women and girls in sports at all levels of sports and different structures within sports.
 This is consistent with the Olympic charter which promotes equality within sports of men and women by including both genders in these competitions.
 The IOC as well as the International Federations (IFS) and National Olympic Committees (NOCs) have been committed to the mandates of this Olympic charter.
 Multiple measures have been taken toward increasing the participation of women at governing and administrative levels as well as training and education toward women in sport and the supporting administrative structures.
 Since 1991, all new sports asking to be included in the Olympic program must feature women’s events.
 The 2012 Olympic Games in London were the first Olympics where every participating country included female athletes.
 They were also the first Olympics in which women competed in all sports in the program.
 Women have competed in the Olympics since 1900, following an all-male Games in 1896.
The 2012 Winter Youth Olympics (YOG) was an international youth multi-sport event featuring winter events that was planned to complement the Olympic Games.
 It will feature athletes between the ages of 14 and 18.
The Youth Olympic Games (YOG) is an international multi-sport event organized by the International Olympic Committee.
 The games are held every four years in staggered summer and winter events consistent with the current Olympic Games format.
 The first summer version was held in Singapore from 14 to 26 August 2010 while the first winter version was held in Innsbruck, Austria from 13 to 22 January 2012.
 The age limitation of the athletes is 14 to 18.
 The idea of such an event was introduced by Johann Rosenzopf from Austria in 1998.
 On 6 July 2007, International Olympic Committee (IOC) members at the 119th IOC session in Guatemala City approved the creation of a youth version of the Olympic Games, with the intention of sharing the costs of hosting the event between the IOC and the host city, whereas the traveling costs of athletes and coaches were to be paid by the IOC.
 These Games will also feature cultural exchange programs and opportunities for participants to meet Olympic athletes.
