The Skeleton Key is a 2005 American supernatural horror film directed by Iain Softley, written by Ehren Kruger and starring Kate Hudson, Gena Rowlands, John Hurt, Peter Sarsgaard and Joy Bryant.
 The film centers on a young hospice nurse who acquires a job at a Terrebonne Parish plantation home, and becomes entangled in a supernatural mystery involving the house, its former inhabitants and the hoodoo rituals and spells that took place there.
 It was released in the United States on August 12, 2005.
Skye McCole Bartusiak (September 28, 1992 – July 19, 2014) was an American film and television actress.
 She appeared in "The Patriot" (2000), "Don't Say a Word" (2001), as Rose Wilder in "" (2002), "24" (2002–03), "Boogeyman" (2005), and "Kill Your Darlings" (2006).
The Mother of Tears (Italian: "La Terza madre" , literally "The Third Mother") is a 2007 supernatural horror film written and directed by Dario Argento.
 The film stars Asia Argento, Daria Nicolodi, Moran Atias, Udo Kier, and Coralina Cataldi-Tassoni.
 The film has also been billed in English-speaking media as "Mater Lachrymarum", "The Third Mother" (English translation of the film's original Italian title), and "Mother of Tears: The Third Mother".
 Written by Argento, Jace Anderson, Walter Fasano, Adam Gierasch and Simona Simonetti, the film is the concluding installment of Argento's supernatural horror trilogy "The Three Mothers", which began with "Suspiria" in 1977.
 The film depicts the confrontation with the final "Mother" witch, known as Mater Lachrymarum.
The Apparition is a 2012 American supernatural horror film, written and directed by Todd Lincoln, making his directorial debut, and starring Ashley Greene, Sebastian Stan, Tom Felton, Julianna Guill and Rick Gomez.
 The plot follows three college students who, after the death of their friend, must battle a supernatural force they summoned themselves.
 The film was loosely inspired by the Philip experiment conducted in 1972.
 The film was a box office bomb and was cited by critics as one of the worst horror movies of 2012.
 It was also the last Warner Bros.
 Pictures horror film to be released under its own label before resorting to New Line Cinema to release all future horror movies made by Warner Bros.
Needle (also known as Black Magic) is a 2010 Australian independent supernatural horror film starring Michael Dorman, Jessica Marais, Travis Fimmel, Trilby Glover, and Ben Mendelsohn, and directed by John V. Soto.
 "Needle" is structured as a murder mystery, with six distinct clues pointing to one of ten suspects; the trailer is intentionally misleading.
 The film premiered at Cinefest OZ in August 2010, and has since screened at the British Horror Film Festival and Screamfest Horror Film Festival; as well as the Melbourne Underground Film Festival.
 "Needle" had a limited eight-screen release in Australian cinemas on 28 July 2011.
 The film also had a successful release in Turkey on 29 July 2011 where it opened at No.4 at the box office on 62 screens.
 "Needle" played for 13 weeks eventually grossing US$259,185.
 At 1 September 2012, "Needle" has been sold in 82 countries worldwide with rights for major territories going to Lionsgate (USA), High Fliers (UK), Telepool (Germany), Playarte (Brazil), SND (France), Shochiku (Japan) and Sony (Australia) "Needle" was filmed over six weeks in Perth, Western Australia.
 Needle had its Australian TV Premiere on Saturday the 12th of December, 2015 on Channel ONE (Network TEN).
The Amityville Horror is a 1979 American supernatural horror film directed by Stuart Rosenberg, based on Jay Anson's 1977 book of the same name.
 It stars James Brolin and Margot Kidder as a young couple who purchase a home they come to find haunted by combative supernatural forces.
 The story is based on the alleged experiences of the Lutz family who bought a new home on 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York, a house where a mass murder had been committed the year before.
 It is the first film based on the Amityville horror.
White Noise is a 2005 supernatural horror thriller film, directed by Geoffrey Sax.
 The title refers to electronic voice phenomena (EVP), where voices, which some believe to be from the "other side", can be heard on audio recordings.
 The film is not related to the postmodern novel "White Noise" by Don DeLillo.
The Devil's Rock is a 2011 New Zealand supernatural horror war film produced by Leanne Saunders, directed by Paul Campion, written by Campion, Paul Finch, and Brett Ihaka, and starring Craig Hall, Matthew Sunderland, Gina Varela, and Karlos Drinkwater.
 It is set in the Channel Islands on the eve of D-Day and tells the story of two New Zealand commandos who discover a Nazi occult plot to unleash a demon to win World War II.
 The film combines elements of war films and supernatural horror films.
 The film was theatrically released on July 8, 2011 in the United Kingdom and September 22, 2011 in New Zealand.
 The film received mixed reviews from critics with the majority rating it average to above average and with many audience viewers on IMDB giving it a higher than average review.
Teresa Mary Palmer (born 26 February 1986) is an Australian actress, writer, producer and model.
 Palmer made her film debut in 2006, when she appeared in the suicide drama "."
 In 2013, she played the leading role in the zombie romantic comedy "Warm Bodies"; later on, Palmer portrayed the fictional character of Rebecca in the 2016 supernatural horror film "Lights Out".
 She has also appeared in films such as "December Boys", "The Sorcerer's Apprentice", "I Am Number Four", "Take Me Home Tonight", "Love and Honor", "The Ever After" (which she co-wrote and co-produced with her husband, Mark Webber), "Kill Me Three Times", the 2015 remake of "Point Break", "Triple 9", "The Choice", and the Mel Gibson-directed war film "Hacksaw Ridge".
Jenma Natchathiram (தமிழ்: ஜென்ம நட்சத்திரம், English: Birth Star) is a 1991 Tamil supernatural horror film directed and Screenplays by Thakkali Srinivasan for Thirai Gangai Films.
 The film dialogue were written by Ma.
 Pandarinathan, and story were written by Krishnan respectively.
 Music by Premi - Srini assets to the soundtrack.
 It Stars Baby Vichithra played titular role with Pramoth, Sindhuja and Vivek played pivotal role.
 The film was unofficial remake of "The Omen", 1976 British/American supernatural horror drama film directed by Richard Donner.
