Still Kicking: Six Artistic Women of Project Arts & Longevity is a 2006 32-minute documentary film by Pacific Grove filmmaker Greg Young, featuring six Bay Area women role models over 85 years old who remained artistically active.
 The catalyst for Young's film was Amy Gorman and Frances Kandl's Project Arts & Longevity through which they were exploring the link between longevity and artistic vitality.
 Along with the film the joint project resulted in a book entitled Aging Artfully.
The 1943 Naples post office bombing occurred on October 7, 1943, after the U.S. Fifth Army had captured Naples (October 1) and reached the Volturno River (October 6).
 The Central Post Office Building, an imposing structure completed in 1936 and located in the center of the city, was looted by the Nazi troops during the occupation and after their retreat was occupied by families made homeless by the bombing and destruction heaped on the city during the insurrection, known as the ""Four days of Naples"", that had taken place a few weeks earlier.
 On that morning a series of violent explosions ripped through the building and caused heavy damage to the surrounding buildings and the death of more than 100 people, including women, children and members of a 82nd Airborne Division unit.
 The unit was commanded by General Matthew B. Ridgway.
 An investigation determined that the explosion was the result of several time bombs planted by the Germans six days earlier.
The Conspiracy of Fire Nuclei (Greek: Συνωμοσία των Πυρήνων της Φωτιάς , "Synomosía Pyrínon Tis Fotiás" –SPF), also translated as Conspiracy of Fire Cells or Conspiracy of Cells of Fire, is a radical anarchist organization based in Greece.
 The SPF first surfaced on January 21, 2008, with a wave of 11 firebombings against luxury car dealerships and banks in Athens and Thessaloniki.
 Monthly waves of arson have been followed by proclamations expressing solidarity with arrested anarchists in Greece and elsewhere.
 In September 2009, following an escalation to the use of crude time bombs, four suspected members of the group were arrested.
 In November 2010 two more suspects were arrested while attempting to mail parcel bombs to embassies and EU leaders and organizations.
 The organization was designated as a terrorist group on October 13, 2011, by the U.S. Department of State.
Guylaine Maroist is a Canadian journalist, filmmaker, musician, scriptwriter and film director.
 She is well known for her documentary productions such as "Gentilly or Not To Be", "Time Bombs", "The Disunited States of Canada", and "God Save Justin Trudeau".
 In 2011 she received the Governor General’s History Award for Popular History (The Pierre Berton Award) for her TV documentary series "J’ai la mémoire qui tourne" ("My Memories On a Roll").
 She is President of Productions de la Ruelle, a documentary film production company in Montreal, and President of Les Artistes pour la Paix, a Quebec NGO advocating peace and nuclear disarmament.
Jules Wright (25 February 1948 – 21 June 2015) was an Australian-born theatre director, a co-founder in 1984 of the Women’s Playhouse Trust (WPT), the first resident woman director at the Royal Court Theatre, being only the second woman to direct on its main stage, and founder of the Wapping Project arts space.
Still Kicking: The Fabulous Palm Springs Follies is a 1997 American short documentary film directed by Mel Damski.
 It was nominated at the 70th Academy Awards for Best Documentary Short Subject.
 It features The Fabulous Palm Springs Follies, which was formerly staged at the Palm Springs, California Plaza Theatre.
Remus Nicolai (b. June 10, 1977 in Bistriţa, Romania) is a retired Romanian aerobic gymnast.
 He had a successful career winning six world championships medals (one gold, two silver and three bronze) and five European championships medals (two gold, two silver and one bronze).
 After retiring from aerobic gymnastics he opened together with his wife (Daniela Mărănducă) a private gymnastics club in Constanţa.
 As of 2013 he trains, together with his wife, the junior artistic women's National Team of Romania at the National Olympic Center in Onesti.
Jim O'Brien (born February 2, 1947) is a former American football placekicker in the National Football League.
 He played for the Baltimore Colts from 1970 to 1972 and the Detroit Lions in 1973.
 He also played wide receiver, catching the bulk of his career passes during the 1972 season while still performing his kicking duties.
 His short career was less than stellar, posting a 55.6 percentage making 60 of 108 field goal attempts.
 His shining moment came in the closing moments of Super Bowl V in January 1971, where he kicked a 32-yard field goal with only five seconds remaining in the game to break a tie and give the Colts the victory over the Dallas Cowboys 16–13.
 Before kicking the field goal, teammates saw that O'Brien was so nervous, he tried to take some of the artificial turf off the field to figure out the wind, thinking the field was regular grass.
 Because of his singular moment kicking the Super Bowl-winning field goal, NFL Films named him the #9 "One-Hit Wonder" of all time.
The Colleen Bawn, or The Brides of Garryowen is a melodramatic play written by Irish playwright Dion Boucicault.
 It was first performed at Miss Laura Keene's Theatre, New York, on 27 March 1860 with Laura Keene playing Anne Chute and Boucicault playing Myles na Coppaleen.
 It was most recently performed in Dublin at the Project Arts Centre in July and August 2010.
 Several film versions have also been made.
Time Bombs is a 2008 Canadian film produced by "Productions de la ruelle".
