The Yellow River Piano Concerto () is a piano concerto arranged by a collaboration between musicians including Yin Chengzong and Chu Wanghua, and based on the "Yellow River Cantata" by composer Xian Xinghai.
 Since its politicised premiere in 1969 during the Cultural Revolution, the Concerto has become popular in China and amongst overseas Chinese nationalists.
 It is noted for a difficult solo part.
 This piano concerto and the Butterfly Lovers' Violin Concerto, which tells the story of the Butterfly Lovers, are two internationally known Chinese works that combine Western music methodology with Chinese source materials.
The Piano Concerto No. 2 in D minor, Op. 40, was written in 1837 by Felix Mendelssohn and premiered at the Birmingham Festival of 1837, an event that also saw the premier of Mendelssohn's St. Paul Oratorio.
 He had already written a piano concerto in A minor with string accompaniment (1822), two concertos with two pianos (1823 – 4), and his first Piano Concerto.
 The concerto is about 23 minutes in length, and is scored for strings, flute, clarinet, oboe, horn, trumpet, and timpani.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 3 in E-flat major, Op.
 posth.
 75, was originally begun as a symphony in E-flat.
 The composer ultimately abandoned this symphony, but, in 1893, started to rework it into a piano concerto, before abandoning all but the first movement, which he completed as a concert piece for piano and orchestra.
 It was published posthumously, in 1894, as a single-movement "Allegro Brillante".
 The Symphony No. 6 "Pathétique" was the last of Tchaikovsky's compositions to be performed in his lifetime, but the "Allegro Brillante", now known as the Piano Concerto No. 3, was his last completed composition.
Mariela Cingo (born 14 February 1978 in Korçë, Albania) is an Albanian pianist currently residing in the United Kingdom.
 She started to learn music from the age of 6, and gave her first concert at the age of 7.
 By the time she was 12, she had played the Haydn Piano Concerto in D with the Korcë Philharmonic Orchestra.
 At the age of 17 she moved to the UK to continue her studies under the tuition of Professor Raphael Terroni at the London College of Music.
 There she won many prizes, including the Piano Concerto Prize for her performance of Rachmaninoff's Second Piano Concerto.
 Her recent engagements have included performances of Rachmaninoff's Second Piano Concerto with the Sutton Symphony Orchestra and Schostakovich's Second Piano Concert with the Orchestra of the London College of Music.
Ludwig van Beethoven's Rondo for piano and orchestra in B-flat major, WoO, 6 was composed in 1793 and originally intended as the final movement for his second piano concerto.
 Hans-Werner Küthen states this was probably the finale for the first and second versions of the second piano concerto, being replaced by the final version of the rondo in 1795.
 He also notes that the most likely inspiration for the insertion of an andante section into the rondo is the concluding rondo of Mozart's twenty-second piano concerto.
Piano Concerto No. 6 in D major, Hess 15 is an unfinished piano concerto by German composer Ludwig van Beethoven.
The Piano Concerto No. 5 in F major, Op.
 103, popularly known as The Egyptian, was Camille Saint-Saëns' last piano concerto.
 He wrote it in 1896, 20 years after his Fourth Piano Concerto, to play himself at his own Jubilee Concert on May 6 of that year.
 This concert celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of his début at the Salle Pleyel in 1846.
The Concerto for Piano and Orchestra in G minor, Op. 33, is the only piano concerto by Czech composer Antonín Dvořák.
 Written in 1876, it was the first of three concertos that Dvořák completed, followed by the Violin Concerto, Op. 53 from 1879 and the Cello Concerto, Op. 104, written in 1894–1895.
 The piano concerto is probably the least known and least performed of Dvořák's concertos.
The compositions of Sergei Rachmaninoff (1873–1943) cover a variety of musical forms and genres.
 Born in Russia, he studied at the Moscow Conservatory with Nikolai Zverev and Anton Arensky, and while there, composed some of his most famous works, including the first piano concerto (Op. 1) and the Prelude in C-sharp minor (Op. 3, No. 2).
 Although spread over three different opuses, he did go on to complete an important set of 24 preludes in all the major and minor keys.
 His Symphony No. 1 (Op. 13) was one of his first compositions as a "Free Artist" after graduation, and subsequently his first critical failure.
 The derision he received sent him into depression.
 After being sent through autosuggestive therapy, he composed his second piano concerto (Op. 18), which is still part of the major orchestra repertoire today.
 In 1909, he made his first tour of the United States, and composed Piano Concerto No. 3 (Op. 30), notable for its difficult cadenza.
 After this, due to migration from Russia in 1917 and his busy concert career, his output as a composer decreased, and during this period, he completed only six compositions.
 His last work, "Symphonic Dances" (Op. 45), was completed in 1940.
The Piano Concerto No. 2 in F minor, Op.
 21, is a piano concerto composed by Frédéric Chopin in 1829.
 Chopin wrote the piece before he had finished his formal education, at around 20 years of age.
 It was first performed on 17 March 1830, in Warsaw, Poland, with the composer as soloist.
 It was the second of his piano concertos to be published (after the Piano Concerto No. 1), and so was designated as "No. 2", even though it was written first.
