Early Abstractions is a collection of seven short animated films created by Harry Everett Smith between 1939 and 1956.
 Each film is between two and six minutes long, and is named according to the chronological order in which it was made.
 The collection includes "Numbers 1–5", "7", and "10", while the missing "Numbers 8" and "9" are presumed to have been lost.
Harry Everett "Bud" Abell (born December 21, 1940) is a former American football linebacker in the American Football League for the Kansas City Chiefs.
 He played college football at the University of Missouri.
Vaniusha and The Giant (Russian: Ванюша и великан ) is a 1993 Russian stop-motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich.
 This film was produced by Soyuzmultfilm studio.
 <br>The film is about The Friendly Newcomer from another planet.
<br> The film is the fourth film of the tetralogy, which tells about the adventures of The Newcomer Vaniusha and his friends.
 The first three films are "The Newcomer in The Cabbage", "Vaniusha The Newcomer" and "Vaniusha and The Space Pirate".
Vaniusha The Newcomer (Russian: Пришелец Ванюша ) is a 1990 Soviet Russian stop-motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich and Olga Panokina.
 It was produced by Soyuzmultfilm studio.
 <br>The film is about The Friendly Newcomer from another planet.
<br> It is the second film of the tetralogy, which tells about the adventures of The Newcomer Vaniusha and his friends.
 The other three films are "The Newcomer in The Cabbage", "Vaniusha and The Space Pirate" and "Vaniusha and The Giant".
Heaven and Earth Magic (also called "Number 12", "The Magic Feature", or "Heaven and Earth Magic Feature") is an American avant garde feature film made by Harry Everett Smith.
 Originally released in 1957, it was re-edited several times and the final version was released in 1962.
 The film primarily uses cut-out-animated photographs.
Vaniusha and The Space Pirate (Russian: Ванюша и космический пират ) is a 1991 Soviet Russian stop-motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich.
 This film was produced by Soyuzmultfilm studio.
 <br>The film is about The Friendly Newcomer from another planet.
<br> The film is The Third Film of the tetralogy, which tells about the adventures of The Newcomer Vaniusha and his friends.
 Other three films called "The Newcomer in The Cabbage", "Vaniusha The Newcomer" and "Vaniusha and The Giant".
Edward Everett Smith (May 5, 1861 – July 29, 1931) was a Minnesota legislator and the 18th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota.
 Born in Spring Valley, Minnesota and became Lieutenant Governor under Governor Adolph Olson Eberhart from September 25, 1909 – January 3, 1911.
 He died in 1931 in Minneapolis.
Harry Everett Smith (May 29, 1923 in Portland, Oregon – November 27, 1991 in New York City) was a visual artist, experimental filmmaker, record collector, bohemian, mystic, and largely self-taught student of anthropology.
 Smith was an important figure in the Beat Generation scene in New York City, and his activities, such as his use of mind-altering substances and interest in esoteric spirituality, anticipated aspects of the Hippie movement.
 Besides his films, Smith is widely known for his influential "Anthology of American Folk Music", drawn from his extensive collection of out-of-print commercial 78 rpm recordings.
The Newcomer in The Cabbage (Russian: Пришелец в капусте ) is a 1989 short Soviet Russian stop-motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich.
 It is the first film of a tetralogy about the adventures of The Newcomer Vaniusha and his friends.
 It was followed by "Vaniusha The Newcomer", "Vaniusha and The Space Pirate" and "Vaniusha and The Giant".
Harry Everett Townsend (1879–1941) was a war artist for the United States Army during World War I.
