Daniel Quinn Karaty (born October 1, 1976) is an American TV personality, actor, producer, dancer and choreographer.
 He has performed with and/or created routines for pop superstars such as Jessica Simpson, Britney Spears, Kylie Minogue, and *NSYNC.
 Karaty is also well known as a judge and choreographer on several versions of the global dance competition program "So You Think You Can Dance", including the American, Australian, Canadian versions and as a permanent member of the judge's panel for the Dutch-Belgian version since its first season.
 In addition, Karaty starred in "Soof," The Netherlands' highest grossing film in 2013.
 He appears as a judge or mentor on "X Factor", "Everybody Dance Now," "My Name Is Michael", "Holland's Got Talent", "", "Belgian's Got Talent" and "The Ultimate Dance Battle", the last of which he created and on which he serves as executive producer.
 Previously, Karaty served in the capacity of a performance stager and choreographer on "America's Got Talent".
Jonathan James "Jon" English (26 March 1949 – 9 March 2016) was an English-born Australian singer, songwriter, musician and actor.
 He emigrated to Australia with his parents in 1961.
 He was an early vocalist and rhythm guitarist for Sebastian Hardie but left to take on the role of Judas Iscariot in the Australian version of the stage musical "Jesus Christ Superstar" from May 1972, which was broadcast on television.
 English was also a noted solo singer; his Australian top twenty hit singles include "Turn the Page", "Hollywood Seven", "Words are Not Enough", "Six Ribbons" and "Hot Town".
Got Talent Portugal (season 5) was the 5th season of the talent show Got Talent Portugal, Portuguese version of the hit got talent show Britain's Got Talent.
 Each judge can press the golden buzzer once in the auditions same as last year, such as the hosts.
 This year a new rule was made, the judges can give a unanimous golden buzzer that means the 3 judges can press the buzzer at the same time.
Thailand's Got Talent season 1 (also known as TGT) was the first season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in March 2011.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The three judges Nirut Sirijanya, Benz Pomchita Na Songkla, and Pinyo Rutham join hosts Krit Sribhumisret and Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Thailand's Got Talent season 5 (also known as TGT) was the fifth season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in June 2015.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The four judges Chalatit Tantiwut,Patcharasri Benjamad,Pornchita Na Songkla and Nitipong Hornak join hosts Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Thailand's Got Talent season 4 (also known as TGT) was the fourth season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in June 2014.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The four judges Chalatit Tantiwut,Patcharasri Benjamad,Pornchita Na Songkla and Nitipong Hornak join hosts Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Freelusion is the world's 1st 3D dance troupe, established in 2009 in Hungary.
 Their act is to combine video/projection mapping technology with interactive dancing, taking the audience into virtual reality by using high end technology combined with stunning and professional dance.
 The leader and the chief choreographer of the team is Tímea Papp, dancer and choreographer from Hungary.
 Freelusion reached the semi-finals of Britain's Got Talent in 2013.
 The USA partner of Freelusion called SensEtion, representing and performing the same virtual dance concept, participated in Season 8 of America's Got Talent.
 Further, two of the dancers and the choreographer were on the tenth season of "America's Got Talent", in which they made it to the semifinals before being eliminated in a judge's vote.
 Both Freelusion and SensEtion have shows with different storyboards for single or group dancing up to 10 people performances.
 Currently, both groups are still together.
Thailand's Got Talent season 6 (also known as TGT) was the sixth season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in 12 June 2016.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The four judges Chalatit Tantiwut,Patcharasri Benjamad,Kathaleeya McIntosh and Nitipong Hornak join hosts Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Redmond "Red" Symons (born 13 June 1949) is an English-born Australian musician, writer, actor, composer, record producer, television and radio personality.
 He is best known as the lead guitarist in the band Skyhooks, as the snide judge of "Red Faces", a segment of the long-running variety show Hey Hey It's Saturday, and as a judge on a music competition Australia's Got Talent.
 He currently hosts ABC Radio Melbourne's breakfast show.
Reece Mastin (born 24 November 1994) is an English-born Australian singer and songwriter who won the third season of "The X Factor Australia" in 2011.
 Mastin subsequently signed with Sony Music Australia.
 His debut single "Good Night" reached number one in Australia and New Zealand, and became Sony Music Australia's fastest selling digital single.
 Mastin's self-titled debut album debuted at number two on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified double platinum.
 His second studio album "Beautiful Nightmare" (2012) included the hit singles "Shut Up & Kiss Me" and "Shout It Out", the latter became Mastin's second number-one single in Australia.
 "Good Night" and "Shout It Out" earned him two ARIA No. 1 Chart Awards.
 In 2015, Mastin parted ways with Sony and signed with independent label Social Family Records.
 His third studio album "Change Colours" was released in October 2015, and debuted at number 12.
