Daniel Patrick "Pat" Moynihan (March 16, 1927 – March 26, 2003) was an American politician, sociologist, and diplomat.
 A member of the Democratic Party, he represented New York in the United States Senate and served as an adviser to Republican President Richard Nixon.
The 2004 United States Senate election in Arizona took place on November 2, 2004 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
 Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator John McCain won re-election to a fourth term with his largest victory as a U.S. senator.
The 2012 United States Senate election in Maine was held on November 6, 2012, alongside a presidential election, other elections to the United States Senate in other states, as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
 Despite initially being in the race early on and poised to easily win, popular Republican U.S. Senator Olympia Snowe suddenly decided to retire instead of running for re-election to a fourth term.
 Former Independent Governor Angus King won the open seat.
 Following Senator Joe Lieberman (Ind.-CT)'s retirement from the Senate in 2013, King became the second Independent incumbent Senator, after Vermont's Bernie Sanders.
Carol Elizabeth Moseley Braun, also sometimes Moseley-Braun (born August 16, 1947), is an American diplomat, politician and lawyer who represented Illinois in the United States Senate from 1993 to 1999.
 She was the first female African-American Senator, the first African-American U.S. Senator for the Democratic Party, the first woman to defeat an incumbent U.S. Senator in an election, and the first female Senator from Illinois.
 She was the only female U.S. Senator from Illinois until Tammy Duckworth who became the U.S. Senator from Illinois in January 2017.
 From 1999 until 2001, she was the United States Ambassador to New Zealand.
 She was a candidate for the Democratic nomination during the 2004 U.S. presidential election.
 Following the public announcement by Richard M. Daley that he would not seek re-election, in November 2010, Braun began her campaign for Mayor of Chicago.
 The former Senator placed fourth in a field of six candidates, losing the February 22, 2011, election to Rahm Emanuel.
The 1928 United States Senate elections in Arizona took place on November 6, 1928.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Henry F. Ashurst ran for reelection to a fourth term, defeating Republican nominee former U.S. Senator Ralph H. Cameron in the general election.
 Cameron was defeated in the previous election year, in 1926, by then-U.S. Congressman Carl T. Hayden, leading Cameron to decide to challenge Ashurst in order to return to the United States Senate.
George McGovern, a Democratic Party politician from South Dakota, was first elected to the United States House of Representatives to represent South Dakota's 1st congressional district in 1956.
 He was re-elected in 1958, before making an unsuccessful run for the United States Senate in 1960 against Republican incumbent Karl Earl Mundt.
 After serving in the John F. Kennedy administration as director of the Food for Peace program, McGovern ran again for the Senate and narrowly prevailed over appointed Senator Joseph H. Bottum.
 In 1968, McGovern unsuccessfully sought the Democratic Party's presidential nomination at the Democratic National Convention and was re-elected to the Senate over former Governor of South Dakota Archie M. Gubbrud.
 In 1972, McGovern was successful in his campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, but lost the election in a landslide to incumbent President Richard Nixon.
 McGovern was re-elected to the Senate in 1974 over Vietnam War veteran Leo K. Thorsness, but lost re-election in 1980 to then-U.S. Representative James Abdnor.
 McGovern made a final unsuccessful run for president in United States presidential election, 1984.
President Richard Nixon entered office in 1969 with Chief Justice Earl Warren having announced his retirement from Supreme Court of the United States the previous year.
 Nixon appointed Warren E. Burger to replace Earl Warren, and during his time in office appointed three other members of the Supreme Court: Associate Justices Harry Blackmun, Lewis F. Powell, and William Rehnquist.
 Nixon also nominated G. Harrold Carswell and Clement Haynsworth for the vacancy that was ultimately filled by Blackmun, but the nominations were rejected by the United States Senate.
 Nixon's failed Supreme Court nominations were the first since Herbert Hoover's nomination of John J. Parker was rejected by the Senate.
The 2010 United States Senate election in Indiana took place on November 2, 2010, alongside 33 other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections to fill Indiana's class III United States Senate seat.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Evan Bayh decided in February 2010 to retire instead of seeking a third term shortly after former U.S. Senator Dan Coats announced his candidacy for Bayh's contested seat.
 No Democratic candidate submitted enough signatures by the deadline to run, leading Democratic officials to choose U.S. Congressman Brad Ellsworth to be the nominee.
 The Libertarian Party nominated YMCA instructor Rebecca Sink-Burris, who had previously run against Evan Bayh in the United States Senate election in Indiana, 1998 but with less success than in this election.
 Republican nominee and former U.S. Senator Dan Coats won the open seat.
The United States Senate elections, 1970 was an election for the United States Senate, taking place in the middle of Richard Nixon's first term as President.
 The Democrats lost a net of three seats, while the Republicans and the Conservative Party of New York picked up one net seat each, and former Democrat Harry F. Byrd Jr. was re-elected as an independent.
 This was the most recent election in which a third party won a seat in the Senate until 2006.
Samuel James "Sam" Ervin Jr. (September 27, 1896April 23, 1985) was an American politician.
 A Democrat, he served as a U.S. Senator from North Carolina from 1954 to 1974.
 A native of Morganton, he liked to call himself a "country lawyer," and often told humorous stories in his Southern drawl.
 During his Senate career, Ervin was a legal defender of the Jim Crow laws and racial segregation, as the South's constitutional expert during the congressional debates on civil rights.
 Unexpectedly, he became a liberal hero for his support of civil liberties.
 He is remembered for his work in the investigation committees that brought down Senator Joseph McCarthy in 1954 and especially for his investigation of the Watergate scandal in 1972 and 1973 that led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon in 1974.
