"Vårens första dag" (Swedish for "First Day of the Spring") is a song by Swedish singer-songwriter Laleh, taken as the second single from her fourth studio album, "Sjung".
 It was released on 30 April 2012.
 The indie pop song was written and produced by Laleh, in collaboration with Gustaf Thörn, with whom she had a few production sessions for the album.
 The single was sent out to radio in mid-March following the success "Some Die Young" had on both Swedish and Norwegian airplay and sales charts, being a number-one hit in Norway for weeks.
 The single peaked at number nineteen on the Swedish DigiListan.
Tony Nilsson is a Swedish singer-songwriter (born in Boden, Norrbotten County, Sweden in 1977).
 He is signed to Peermusic.
 A prolific composer of songs, he has contributed to a string of hits by well-known Swedish artists.
 Many of his songs have featured in Melodifestivalen and in the Swedish Singles Chart.
 Nilsson lives with artist and fellow songwriter Mirja Breitholtz.
Fabio Rojas is a professor of sociology at Indiana University Bloomington.
 He is the author of several sociological books, and starting with the first issue (Winter Issue) of 2018, he will be the co-editor of "Contexts" magazine with Rashawn Ray.
 Rojas has also made contributions to the "Washington Post", "The New York Times", and has been interviewed and appeared on CSPAN, National Public Radio, and "Vox" magazine.
Sjung (] , "Sing") is the fourth studio album by the Swedish singer-songwriter Laleh, released on January 25, 2012.
 Produced by Laleh herself, the album was released on Warner Music Sweden and Lost Army.
 "Sjung" is her first long play for four years since the January 2009 album "Me and Simon".
 The album is produced, written, recorded, engineered and performed by Laleh.
 The release follows her appearance on popular Swedish television show "Så mycket bättre" towards the end of 2011.
Prinsessor (Swedish for "Princesses") is the second studio album by Swedish singer-songwriter Laleh, released on December 6, 2006 on Warner Music Sweden Records.
 The album wasn't as successful as her debut album, peaking at number three on the Swedish Albums Chart.
 None of the album's singles managed to break into the charts.
The Roughler chronicled life in Ladbroke Grove in the 1980s and 1990s before the last Bohemians were forced out.
 The magazine was single-handedly produced by Ray Roughler Jones, a refugee from Swansea, and contained contributions from The Clash, Will Self, Jock Scott, Shane MacGowan, Neneh Cherry, Joe Rush of Mutoid Waste, Keith and Kevin Allen plus local heroes such as Steve Underground, John The Hat and Ian Bone of Class War.
Laleh is the self-titled debut album by Swedish singer-songwriter Laleh, released on March 30, 2005 on Warner Music Sweden Records.
 The album, which was both written and produced by Laleh herself, was nominated to "Album of the Year" at the Grammis Awards for 2005 but lost to pop singer Robyn for her self-titled album ""Robyn"".
 The album was also a success on the Swedish Albums Chart where it peaked at number one and stayed on the list for 71 weeks.
 The album is sung in English, Swedish and Persian.
Adelbert Ames Jr. (August 19, 1880 – July 3, 1955) was an American scientist who made contributions to physics, physiology, ophthalmology, psychology, and philosophy.
 He pioneered the study of physiological optics at Dartmouth College, serving as a research professor, then as director of research at the Dartmouth Eye Institute.
 He conducted important research into aspects of binocular vision, including cyclophoria and aniseikonia.
 Ames is perhaps best known for constructing illusions of visual perception, most notably the Ames room and the Ames window.
 He was a leading light in the Transactionalist School of psychology and also made contributions to social psychology.
Den ständiga resan is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer-songwriter Marie Fredriksson, released on 9 October 1992 by EMI Sweden.
 Two singles were released from the album: "Så länge det lyser mittemot" ("As Long As the Light Shines Through") and "Mellan sommar och höst" ("Between Summer and Autumn").
 It was a commercial success upon release in her native Sweden, spending two weeks atop the Swedish Albums Chart, and was certified platinum by the Swedish Recording Industry Association for shipments in excess of 100,000 copies.
Stefan Andersson (born in Haga, Gothenburg, Sweden on 8 August 1967) is a Swedish singer-songwriter.
 Andersson is also known for his 1992 Swedish hit song "Catch the Moon," which reached #4 on the Swedish charts.
