Water Street is a prominent historic street and an entertainment district in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
 It is the site of the city's original building, City Hall, and multiple historic landmarks.
 Today it is still the major north–south road running through downtown and is home to Milwaukee's Theater District, Water Street Entertainment District, and much of the city's political activity.
SoHo Tampa, short for "South Howard Avenue (Tampa)" is an entertainment district within the Hyde Park neighborhood of Tampa.
 Some of the main cross streets are Kennedy Boulevard (SoHo's starting point), Cleveland Street, Platt Street and Swann Avenue.
 The area has historic architecture and is within walking distance of Bayshore Boulevard where it terminates (two miles away from the entertainment district).
 The much praised Bern's Steak House is located in the district.
 Other high-end restaurants and nightlife venues are located here.
 Other offerings are high-end locally owned clothing boutiques, art galleries, dessert cafes, and a Starbucks.
 One of only three Publix GreenWise Markets is also located in the district.
 As of 2009, small companies have sprung up utilizing NEVs to shuttle clubgoers between core neighborhoods including SoHo and Channelside.
Maple-Union Corners is a historic district centered at the intersection of Maple and Union Streets in Springfield, Massachusetts.
 The area is prominent as the location of the Springfield Female Seminary building (77 Maple Street, built 1832, now in residential use), and for the distinctive homes of several of Springfield's prominent 19th century citizens.
 The house at 83 Maple Street, was first owned by Solomon Merrick, inventor of the monkey wrench, and was later owned by Ansel Phelps, the fourth mayor of Springfield.
 Townhouses at 76-78 and 80-84 Maple Street comprise the rest of the district; owners or occupants included Francis Fuller, owner of the Fuller Block, and Edmund Chapin, president of the John Hancock National Bank.
 The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Liberty Square is one of six "themed lands" and is exclusive to the Magic Kingdom, a theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.
 Themed after colonial America, replicas of both the Liberty Bell and Liberty Tree can be seen here.
 One of the most popular attractions in the Magic Kingdom, the Haunted Mansion, is located in this land.
 Presiding over the square is the Hall of Presidents, an American history show featuring an audio-animatronic figure of every President of the United States.
 Liberty Square has a long waterfront on the Rivers of America and the "Liberty Belle" Riverboat steam paddleboat departs from a landing here.
 The land affords excellent views of the river and Tom Sawyer Island in adjacent Frontierland.
The Liberty Tree (1646–1775) was a famous elm tree that stood in Boston near Boston Common, in the years before the American Revolution.
 In 1765, colonists in Boston staged the first act of defiance against the British government at the tree.
 The tree became a rallying point for the growing resistance to the rule of Britain over the American colonies, and the ground surrounding it became known as Liberty Hall.
 The Liberty Tree was felled by British troops and Loyalists in 1775.
The Combat Zone was the name given in the 1960s to the adult entertainment district in downtown Boston, Massachusetts.
 Centered on Washington Street between Boylston Street and Kneeland Street, the area was once the site of many strip clubs, peep shows, X-rated movie theaters, and adult bookstores.
 It also had a reputation for crime, including prostitution.
John Street is a street in Downtown Toronto.
 It runs from Stephanie Street and Grange Park in the north to the Metro Toronto Convention Centre on Front Street in the south.
 It is home to a number of Toronto's cultural institutions, including buildings for the CBC, CTV, Toronto International Film Festival.
 The "National Post" has described it as "Running directly through the entertainment district, its spine connects many great cultural institutions, popular retail outlets, restaurants and soon-to-be-built condos."
 The City of Toronto has dubbed the street a "Cultural Corridor" and a report calls it "the centrepiece of the Entertainment District."
The Entertainment District is located in Springfield, Massachusetts, in the Metro Center district surrounding historic Stearns Square.
 Stearns Square is bordered by Worthington Street to the north and Bridge Street to the south; however, the Entertainment District extends for several city blocks north, south, east and west of Stearns Square.
 For over 100 years, this area of Springfield, surrounding Stearns Square and Springfield Union Station have been home to the city's most prominent clubs, restaurants, bars, music venues, movies houses, and coffee houses.
 Currently, there are over 75 restaurants, nightclubs, and bars in Springfield's Entertainment District, making it the largest entertainment district between New York City and Montreal, Canada.
 The Entertainment District is a primary reason why Springfield was recently ranked among America's Top Ten Best Cities for Singles by Yahoo and Sperling's Best Places.
The West Walnut Street Historic District is a residential historic district centered on part of West Walnut Street in Carbondale, Illinois.
 The district includes 54 houses; 48 of these are considered contributing buildings due to being built prior to 1929.
 During this time period, the Walnut Street area was regarded as the most desirable part of Carbondale.
 Several popular architectural styles of the period are represented in the district, including Italianate, Queen Anne, and Colonial Revival.
 The oldest home in the district, which was built in 1859, is a plain frame building.
 The 1868–69 Italianate house at 505 West Walnut was the home of Robert Allyn, the first president of Southern Illinois University; Allyn, who bought the house in 1879, added the house's mansard roof, the only one in Carbondale.
The Liberty Tree District is a historic district encompassing a collection of six mid-scale commercial buildings between the Downtown Crossing area and the Theater District of Boston, Massachusetts.
 They are clustered around the corner of Washington and Essex Streets, on the edge of the area known in the 20th century has Boston's Combat Zone, or adult entertainment district.
 The area is historically significant as the site in the 1760s of the Liberty Tree and the Liberty Tree Tavern, a focal point of colonial discontent against British rule.
 This significance is reflected in a carved relief on the Liberty Tree Block, a brick commercial block built in 1850 at the corner of Washington and Essex.
 The building was designated as a Boston Landmark by the Boston Landmarks Commission in 1985.
