The Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team is the intercollegiate football team representing the University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame, Indiana.
 The team is currently coached by Brian Kelly and plays its home games at the campus's Notre Dame Stadium, which has a capacity of 80,795 fans.
 Notre Dame is one of four schools that competes as an Independent at the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Football Bowl Subdivision level; however, they play five games a year against opponents from the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC), which Notre Dame is a member of in all other sports except ice hockey.
The Notre Dame–Stanford football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team of the University of Notre Dame and Stanford Cardinal football team of Stanford University.
 As of 2016, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and Stanford Cardinal have met 31 times, beginning in 1925 (though the modern series began in 1988).
 The Notre Dame–Stanford game has been played annually since 1997, with the teams meeting at Notre Dame Stadium earlier in the season (late September to mid-October) in even-numbered years, and at Stanford Stadium on the weekend following Thanksgiving in odd-numbered years since 1999.
 The game typically alternates positions in Notre Dame's schedule with its other Pac-12 opponent, USC.
Notre Dame of Genio Edcor, Inc. (Old name: "Notre Dame of Edcor" ) is a private, Catholic academic institution run by the Oblates of Notre Dame located in Alamada, Cotabato, Philippines.This school is a member of the Notre Dame Educational Association.
Established in 1958,It has been one of the pioneering school under the Notre Dame Educational System run by the Oblates of Notre Dame in the province of North Cotabato, Philippines.
The 2007 Navy vs. Notre Dame football game ended the longest all-time college football consecutive wins streak by one team over another.
 On November 3, 2007, the Navy Midshipmen defeated the Notre Dame Fighting Irish 46–44 in triple-overtime at Notre Dame's home field, Notre Dame Stadium in South Bend, Indiana.
 Notre Dame came into this annual game with 43 straight wins against Navy since the last loss against Heisman Trophy winner Roger Staubach in 1963.
 With the win, Navy improved to 5–4 and Notre Dame fell to 1–8 on the season.
The 2009 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The team was coached by Charlie Weis and played its home games at Notre Dame Stadium in South Bend, Indiana.
 Weis entered his fifth season as head coach with the expectation from the Notre Dame administration that his team would be in position to compete for a BCS Bowl berth.
 Notre Dame started the first part of the season 4-2, with close losses to Michigan and USC but ended the season with four straight losses, including a second loss to Navy loss in three years.
 Weis was fired as head coach the Monday after the Stanford loss at the end of the season.
 Although Notre Dame was bowl eligible with 6 wins, the University announced on December 4 that the Irish had chosen not to play in a bowl game.
 Irish athletic director Jack Swarbrick hired Cincinnati head coach Brian Kelly after a 10-day coaching search.
Rev. E. William Beauchamp, CSC, J.D., was named the University of Portland's 19th president by the Board of Regents on November 20, 2003.
 Prior to his appointment as president, he had served as the University's senior vice president since August 2002.
 Beauchamp joined the University from the University of Notre Dame where he served as executive vice president for 13 years, and special assistant to the president for two years.
 He has taught at the Notre Dame Law School and the Mendoza College of Business Administration.
 He holds bachelor of science and MBA degrees in accounting from the University of Detroit.
 He also holds a master of divinity from Notre Dame, as well as a law degree from the Notre Dame Law School.
 Beauchamp was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame Australia in 2005.
 He was ordained a Holy Cross priest in 1982.
Eric C. Hansen is an American sportswriter with the "South Bend Tribune".
 The University of Notre Dame football beat writer and an assistant sports editor for the newspaper, Hansen has also written two books on Notre Dame football.
 "Stadium Stories: Notre Dame Fighting Irish: Colorful Tales of the Blue and Gold" (2004) won a first-place prize for non-fiction books from the Indiana chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists.
 The book recounted many tales of Notre Dame's football history.
 In 2005 Hansen published "Notre Dame Fighting Irish: Where Have You Gone?"
, a collection of stories and interviews about former Notre Dame football players.
 Hansen has won a number of national writing awards from the Football Writers Association of America, and was a member of the FWAA committee that chose the 2006 college All-American team.
The Tall Grass Game refers to the 1928 Notre Dame vs. Wisconsin football game played on October 6, 1928, between the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and Wisconsin Badgers.
 Notre Dame, coached by Knute Rockne, arrived in Madison, Wisconsin, only to find that the grass on the football field at Camp Randall Stadium had not been mowed in a week.
 Rumor was that Wisconsin coach Glenn Thistlethwaite wanted to slow down the speedy Notre Dame Irish players.
 Rockne demanded the field be trimmed and Thistelwaite refused.
Notre Dame of Midsayap College (Tagalog: "Dalubhasaang Notre Dame ng Midsayap" or "Kolehiyong Notre Dame ng Midsayap") (colloquially known as "NDMC" or simply "Notre Dame") is a private, Catholic academic institution run by the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate in Midsayap, Cotabato.
 Established on 13 June 1941 making it as the "First Notre Dame School in Asia and in the Philippines", it was the first link in the long chain of Notre Dame Schools in the Philippines that form the Notre Dame Educational Association under the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the school Patroness and St. Eugene De Mazenod as the school's patron saint.
The Notre Dame Shakespeare Festival (formerly Summer Shakespeare) at the University of Notre Dame is an annual festival that seeks to combine professional productions of the works of William Shakespeare with community outreach and educational programs.
 The Notre Dame Shakespeare Festival is a part of the University of Notre Dame's Shakespeare initiative entitled "Shakespeare at Notre Dame", a program that recognizes the centrality of the study of Shakespeare in humanistic pedagogy at the University.
 Its fifteenth season (summer of 2014) was known as the 15/150, also celebrating the 450th birthday of William Shakespeare, and the 150th anniversary of the first full production of Shakespeare at the university in 1864 (Records indicate the first performance of Shakespeare at the University of Notre Dame took place in 1847, a collection of scenes also from "Henry IV)."
 The anniversary season consisted of the Professional Company production of "Henry IV" (directed by Michael Goldberg), the Young Company performance of "The Merry Wives of Windsor" (directed by West Hyler), and the annual ShakeScenes shows featuring actors of all ages from South Bend and the surrounding community.
