A Royal Night Out is a 2015 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Julian Jarrold and written by Trevor de Silva and Kevin Hood.
 The film stars Sarah Gadon as the young Princess Elizabeth, who with Princess Margaret (Bel Powley) ventures out of Buckingham Palace to enjoy the VE Day celebrations.
Miss You Already is a 2015 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Catherine Hardwicke and written by Morwenna Banks.
 The film stars Toni Collette, Drew Barrymore, Dominic Cooper, Paddy Considine, Tyson Ritter, Frances de la Tour, and Jacqueline Bisset.
 It was screened in the Gala Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.
Cashback is a 2006 British romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Sean Ellis.
 Originally exhibited as a short in 2004, it was expanded to feature length in 2006.
 Both versions were produced by Lene Bausager, starring Sean Biggerstaff and Emilia Fox.
 The feature was released by Magnolia Pictures in late 2006 and also starred Michelle Ryan.
Shirley Valentine is an award-winning 1989 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lewis Gilbert.
 The screenplay by Willy Russell is based on his 1986 one-character play of the same title, which follows middle aged Shirley Valentine in an unexpected discovery of herself, and rekindling of her childhood dreams and youthful love of life.
Alfie is a 1966 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Michael Caine.
 It is an adaptation by Bill Naughton of his own novel and play of the same name.
 The film was released by Paramount Pictures.
Salmon Fishing in the Yemen is a 2011 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Ewan McGregor, Emily Blunt, Kristin Scott Thomas and Amr Waked.
 Based on the 2007 novel of the same name by Paul Torday, and a screenplay by Simon Beaufoy, the film is about a fisheries expert who is recruited by a consultant to help realize a sheikh's vision of bringing the sport of fly fishing to the Yemen desert, initiating an upstream journey of faith to make the impossible possible.
 The film was shot on location in London, Scotland, and Morocco from August to October 2010.
 The film premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival.
 The film received generally positive reviews upon its release, and earned $34,564,651 in revenue worldwide.
The Abduction Club is a British romantic comedy-drama adventure film released in 2002; it was directed by Stefan Schwartz.
 Based loosely on real events, the plot centres on a group of outlaws who abduct women in order to marry them.
 It was written by Richard Crawford and Bill Britten (the British director and writer, not the American comedian)
About Time is a 2013 British romantic comedy-drama film about a young man with the special ability to time travel who tries to change his past in order to improve his future.
 The film was written and directed by Richard Curtis, and stars Domhnall Gleeson, Rachel McAdams and Bill Nighy.
 It was released in the United Kingdom on 4 September 2013.
Mansfield Park is a 1999 British romantic comedy-drama film based on Jane Austen's novel of the same name, written and directed by Patricia Rozema.
 The film departs from the original novel in several respects.
 For example, the life of Jane Austen is incorporated into the film, as well as the issues of slavery and plantation life.
 The majority of the film was made at Kirby Hall in Northamptonshire.
Domhnall Gleeson ( ; born 12 May 1983) is an Irish actor and writer.
 He is the son of actor Brendan Gleeson, alongside whom he has appeared in several films and theatre projects.
 He received a Bachelor of Arts in Media Arts from Dublin Institute of Technology.
