Santa Claus Park is an attraction being developed near the community of Santa Claus, Indiana.
 In 2005, a local development company purchased Santa's Candy Castle and other buildings that comprised Santa Claus Town and announced plans to restore and re-open them to the public.
 Santa's Candy Castle was the first building of the original Santa Claus Town to be re-opened to the public, when its doors opened on July 1, 2006.
 The 40-ton, 22-foot concrete Santa Claus statue was restored in 2011.
 In 2012, a local historic church and the town's original post office were moved to the site next to the large Santa Claus statue.
A Christmas stocking is an empty sock or sock-shaped bag that is hung on Christmas Eve so that Santa Claus (or Father Christmas) can fill it with small toys, candy, fruit, coins or other small gifts when he arrives.
 These small items are often referred to as stocking stuffers or stocking fillers.
 In some Christmas stories, the contents of the Christmas stocking are the only toys the child receives at Christmas from Santa Claus; in other stories (and in tradition), some presents are also wrapped up in wrapping paper and placed under the Christmas tree.
 Tradition in Western culture threatens that a child who behaves badly during the year will receive only a piece or pile of coal.
 However, coal is rarely if ever left in a stocking, as it is considered cruel.
 Some people even put their Christmas stocking by their bedposts so Santa Claus can fill it by the bed while they sleep.
A Miser Brothers' Christmas is a stop motion spin-off special based on some of the characters from the 1974 Rankin-Bass special "The Year Without a Santa Claus".
 Distributed by Warner Bros.
 Animation under their Warner Premiere label (the rights holders of the post-1974 Rankin-Bass library) and Toronto-based Cuppa Coffee Studios, the one-hour special premiered on ABC Family on Saturday, December 13, 2008, during the network's annual The 25 Days of Christmas programming.
 Mickey Rooney and George S. Irving reprised their respective roles as Santa Claus and Heat Miser at ages 88 and 86.
 Snow Miser, originally portrayed by Dick Shawn who died in 1987, was voiced by Juan Chioran, while Mrs. Claus, voiced by Shirley Booth in the original, was portrayed by Catherine Disher (because Booth had died in 1992).
 The movie aimed to emulate the Rankin/Bass animation style.
 This is the last Christmas special to feature Mickey Rooney as Santa Claus, as he died in 2014, as well as the last time George Irving voiced Heat Miser, as he died in 2016.
Joulutarina (English title: "Christmas Story") is a 2007 Finnish christmas drama film directed by Juha Wuolijoki.
 It is the story of how an orphan called Nikolas became Santa Claus.
 The Finnish premiere was on 16 November 2007.
 It was largely shot on location in Utsjoki.
Santa Claus, also known as Saint Nicholas, Saint Nick, Kris Kringle, Father Christmas, or simply Santa (Santy in Hiberno-English), is a legendary figure of Western Christian culture who is said to bring gifts to the homes of well-behaved ("good" or "nice") children on Christmas Eve (24 December) and the early morning hours of Christmas Day (25 December).
 The modern Santa Claus grew out of traditions surrounding the historical Saint Nicholas, a fourth-century Greek bishop and gift-giver of Myra, the British figure of Father Christmas and the Dutch figure of "Sinterklaas" (himself also based on Saint Nicholas).
 Some maintain Santa Claus also absorbed elements of the Germanic god Wodan, who was associated with the pagan midwinter event of Yule and led the Wild Hunt, a ghostly procession through the sky.
Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town is a 1970 Christmas stop motion animated television special produced by Rankin/Bass Productions.
 The film stars Fred Astaire as the narrator S.D. Kluger, Mickey Rooney as Kris Kringle/Santa Claus, Keenan Wynn as the Winter Warlock, and Paul Frees in various roles.
 The film tells the story of how Santa Claus and several Claus-related Christmas traditions came to be.
 It is based on the hit Christmas song "Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town", which was introduced on radio by Eddie Cantor in 1934, and the story of Saint Nicholas.
The Yule goat is a Scandinavian and Northern European Yule and Christmas symbol and tradition.
 Its origin may be Germanic pagan and has existed in many variants during Scandinavian history.
 Modern representations of the Yule goat are typically made of straw.
Motion pictures featuring Santa Claus abound and apparently constitute their own subgenre of the Christmas film genre.
 Early films of Santa revolve around similar simple plots of Santa's Christmas Eve visit to children.
 In 1897, in a short film called "Santa Claus Filling Stockings", Santa Claus is simply filling stockings from his pack of toys.
 Another film called "Santa Claus and the Children" was made in 1898.
 A year later, a film directed by George Albert Smith in titled "Santa Claus" (or "The Visit from Santa Claus" in the United Kingdom) was created.
 In this picture, Santa Claus enters the room from the fireplace and proceeds to trim the tree.
 He then fills the stockings that were previously hung on the mantle by the children.
 After walking backward and surveying his work, he suddenly darts at the fireplace and disappears up the chimney.
 "Santa Claus' Visit" in 1900 featured a scene with two little children kneeling at the feet of their mother and saying their prayers.
 The mother tucks the children snugly in bed and leaves the room.
 Santa Claus suddenly appears on the roof, just outside the children's bedroom window, and proceeds to enter the chimney, taking with him his bag of presents and a little hand sled for one of the children.
 He goes down the chimney and suddenly appears in the children's room through the fireplace.
 He distributes the presents and mysteriously causes the appearance of a Christmas tree laden with gifts.
 The scene closes with the children waking up and running to the fireplace just too late to catch him by the legs.
 A 1909 film by D. W. Griffith titled "A Trap for Santa Claus" shows children setting a trap to capture Santa Claus as he descends the chimney, but instead capture their father who abandoned them and their mother but tries to burglarize the house after he discovers she inherited a fortune.
 A twenty-nine-minute 1925 silent film production titled "Santa Claus", by explorer/documentarian Frank E. Kleinschmidt, filmed partly in northern Alaska, feature Santa in his workshop, visiting his Eskimo neighbors, and tending his reindeer.
 A year later, another movie titled "Santa Claus" was produced with sound on De Forest Phonofilm.
 Over the years, various actors have donned the red suit (aside from those discussed below), including Monty Woolley in "Life Begins at Eight-thirty" (1942), Alberto Rabagliati in "The Christmas That Almost Wasn't" (1966), Dan Aykroyd in "Trading Places" (1983), Jan Rubes in "One Magic Christmas" (1985), David Huddleston in "" (1985), Jonathan Taylor Thomas in "I'll Be Home for Christmas" (1998), and Ed Asner in "Elf" (2003).
 Later films about Santa vary, but can be divided into the following themes.
Joulupukki is a Finnish Christmas figure.
 The name ""Joulupukki"" literally means "Christmas goat" or "Yule Goat" in Finnish; the word "pukki" comes from the Teutonic root "bock", which is a cognate of the English "buck", and means "billy-goat".
 An old Scandinavian custom, the figure eventually became more or less conflated with Santa Claus.
Mikulás (or Szent Miklós) is the Hungarian version of Saint Nicholas, and a similar figure to Santa Claus.
 In many cities, Mikulas is getting more conflated with Santa Claus.
 Still, it is believed that Mikulas arrives to celebrate his day, December 6, and leaves before Christmas.
 This tradition is also well known in Romania ("Moș Nicolae"), Slovenia ("Miklavž)", the Czech Republic, Slovakia (both Mikuláš), and Poland ("Mikołaj").
