The discography of Rock City (also known as R. City and Planet VI)—a songwriting and record production duo from Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands—consists of one studio album, 16 mixtapes, eight singles (including four as a featured artist) and 21 music videos. Rock City is primarily known for their songwriting and production, having written or produced songs such as "Pour It Up" by Rihanna, "Replay" by Iyaz, "Bow Down/I Been On" by Beyoncé and "We Can't Stop" by Miley Cyrus.
 Many albums that Rock City has contributed to have won or been nominated for Grammy Awards.
 For instance, the duo wrote "If This Isn't Love" on Jennifer Hudson's Grammy Award-winning self-titled album.
Los Paraguayos is a music group consisting of musicians from Paraguay.
 Since its foundation in the 1950s, the group has featured many singers and musicians, playing guitars, bongo drums and a Paraguayan harp, including Luis Alberto del Paraná, Reynaldo Meza, Angel "Pato" Garcia and Carlos Espinoza.
 The group performs many South American and Mexican tunes and songs, including classics, such as Guantanamera, El Cóndor Pasa and La Bamba.
 Having had many changes in their line-up, the group has retained its popularity, selling many albums and appearing at many concerts throughout the world.
Mackie Osborne is an artist responsible for the design and illustrations of many music albums since the 1980s.
 She is a member of the band Fleabag and has contributed to many albums on packaging artwork, layout design and art direction.
Y&T (originally known as Yesterday & Today) is an American hard rock/heavy metal band formed in 1974 in Oakland, California.
 The band released two studio albums on London Records as Yesterday & Today in the 1970s, before shortening their name to Y&T and releasing several albums on A&M Records beginning in 1981, as well as albums on Geffen Records, Avex Records, and others.
 The band was originally co-managed by Herbie Herbert (who also managed Journey) and Louis "Lou" Bramy.
 The band has sold over 4 million albums worldwide to date.
Born Oluwashina Akanbi Peters in Ogun State.
 Peters thrust into music began at a young age when he played with friends under the handle Olushina and the His Twelve Fantastic Brothers.
 While playing with his friends, he taught himself how to play the piano and later joined Ebenezer Obey's band.
 Thereafter, he left Obey's band and joined General Prince Adekunle's band as a guitar player.
 Adekunle's band played in Lagos hotels such as Western Hotel, Palm Beach Hotel and Executive Hotel, when Adekunle was ill, Peters sometimes acted as lead singer.
 He left Adekunle to form Shina Adewale, a band with Juju Maestro Segun Adewale.
 However, the duo soon split.
 Shina Peters, after releasing many albums with Segun Adewale through the 1980s, went on to form his own band "Sir Shina Peters & His International Stars".
"Shoo Shoo Baby" is a popular song made famous by The Andrews Sisters.
 They sang it in the 1943 film "Three Cheers for the Boys" and it became a big hit for them in 1944, reaching No. 6 in the chart.
 Their version features a jazzy vocal pop arrangement typical of the time, with a key hook provided by the horns.
 It was written by Phil Moore and has appeared on many albums of 1940's music.
Veena Music (Oriental Audio Visual Electronics) is a music label based in Rajasthan, India.
 It is owned by K. C. Maloo and is headquartered at Jaipur.
 Since its establishment, it has released many albums in Rajasthani and Hindi languages.
 and has also acquired music rights of many Rajasthani films.Its main aim is to promote true Rajasthani music in today's music scenario of adulaterated, poor and high-noise music.
 It was established 25 years ago, and has since been an pioneer in fostering Rajasthani music through its albums and various cultural programmes held across the state and abroad.
<br> It is a highly successful and well-known music label in Rajasthan.
13 Chapters is a compilation album of Sweetbox with singer and songwriter Jade Villalon as frontwoman.
 It was released in 2004 in Europe, and in 2005 in Taiwan.
 It has a blend of various hit songs both from her new album "After the Lights" and her previous one, "Adagio."
 The Taiwanese edition comes with a VCD.
 Its main purpose was to blend an array of popular songs from albums, "Adagio" and upcoming "After the Lights," for promotion purposes, and to sell in a region Sweetbox had not released many albums in.
 Many of "Adagio's" songs were left out, with only 3 from "Adagio" on making it to this album, and some songs from "After The Lights," such as "Girl from Tokyo", "Crown of Thorns", "Don't Wanna Kill You", and others did not make it as well.
Acoustic Traveller is the 1996 album from John McEuen.
 John is notable for being a longtime member of the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band for which he was a multi-instrument and composer/arranger.
 He played on many of their charting albums and singles.
 He also records as a solo artist, and has appeared as a guest musician on many albums by many artists.
M.O.T.O. (Masters of the Obvious) is a garage punk band currently based in New Hampshire.
 Formed in New Orleans in 1981 by Paul Caporino, the lineup of the band has seen many changes over the years, with Caporino being the only consistent member.
 The band has recorded many albums, singles and CDs, including several albums for the Chicago-based record label Criminal IQ Records.
