The Len Cantello Testimonial Match, (West Bromwich Albion XI v Cyrille Regis & Laurie Cunningham XI), was a testimonial football match that took place in May 1979 to celebrate West Bromwich Albion player Len Cantello, who played for the club over 300 times between 1968 and 1979.
 The teams were selected based on the colour of the players' skin.
 The West Bromwich Albion XI was composed of white players while the Cyrille Regis & Laurie Cunningham XI was composed of black players.
The 1888 FA Cup Final was contested by West Bromwich Albion and Preston North End at the Kennington Oval.
 Preston were strong favourites for the Cup, having set a record which still stands today by beating Hyde 26–0 in the first round, and were so confident of overcoming West Bromwich Albion in the final that they asked to be photographed with the trophy before the game.
 The FA president Major Francis Marindin turned them down and said: "Hadn't you better win it first?"
 They didn't get their photo after the game either.
 So lacking in confidence were their West Bromwich opponents that when offered bets on the outcome of the game by the Preston players, they all refused, no matter how great the odds.
West Bromwich Albion Reserves and Academy are the youth teams of West Bromwich Albion.
 The reserve team is made up of under-23 players, and is effectively West Bromwich Albion's second-string side.
 The under-18 players among other younger age groups make up the academy team.
 They play in the Premier League 2 Division 2, the second tier of reserve team football in England.
William Myles "Billy" Bisseker (11 November 1863 – 5 March 1902) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward.
 He was born in West Bromwich and attended Hill Top County School, before working at the local George Salter's Spring Works.
 He joined the factory's football team, the West Bromwich Strollers, in 1878 and continued to play for them after their change of name to West Bromwich Albion in 1879.
 On 29 January 1881, Bisseker scored Albion's first recorded hat-trick when he netted three times in the 5–0 friendly win against Hockley Belmont.
 During the following season he scored five goals in the 12–0 win against Milton (another friendly) and also scored in the Birmingham Senior Cup semi-final defeat to Wednesbury Old Athletic.
 In 1883 he played in Albion's first FA Cup match, also against Wednesbury Old Athletic.
 He served as the club's treasurer between 1882 and 1884 while still a player.
 Bisseker retired from playing football in May 1884 and later resumed work at George Salter's.
Romeo Zondervan (born 4 March 1959) is a former professional Dutch footballer who played as a [[midfielder.
 He was born in [[Paramaribo]] in [[Suriname (Kingdom of the Netherlands)|Suriname]], and played his early football with [[ADO Den Haag|FC Den Haag]] and [[Twente Enschede]] before joining [[West Bromwich Albion F.C.|West Bromwich Albion]], for whom he made 84 appearances.
 He signed for [[Ipswich Town F.C.|Ipswich Town]] in 1984 for £70,000 and went on to make 274 appearances for the club.
 Then he moved to Dutch club [[NAC Breda]] in 1992 and played there until 1995, and then finished his playing career.
The 1878–79 season was the first season in the history of West Bromwich Albion Football Club.
 The club was formed in 1878 under the name West Bromwich Strollers, by workers from the George Salter's Spring Works in West Bromwich.
 The name "Strollers" is said to have been coined when the players were unable to purchase a football in West Bromwich and thus had to walk two miles to Wednesbury to buy one there instead.
West Bromwich Albion Football Club Women is an English women's football club affiliated with West Bromwich Albion F.C. The first team currently plays in the FA Women's Premier League Northern Division .
 In 2010–11 the then named Sporting Club Albion won the Midland Combination Women's Football League promoting them to the FA Women's Premier League.
Robert John Roberts (April 9, 1859 – 20 October 1929), better known as Bob Roberts, was an English football goalkeeper.
 He spent the majority of his career at West Bromwich Albion, with whom he won an FA Cup winner's medal, and also played for Sunderland Albion and Aston Villa.
 He won three caps for England and is the first West Bromwich Albion player to have appeared at international level.
 He was nicknamed Long Bob and The Prince of Goalkeepers.
James Stanton (18 November 1860 – August 1932) was an English footballer who played at full back or wing half.
 He was born in West Bromwich and attended Christ Church School, before working at the local George Salter's Spring Works.
 He joined the factory's football team, the West Bromwich Strollers, in 1878 and played in the club's first match (vs. Hudson's) in November of that year.
 Stanton continued to play for the club after their change of name to West Bromwich Albion in 1879.
 In 1883 he played in Albion's first FA Cup match, against Wednesbury Old Athletic.
West Bromwich Albion F.C. are an English football club based in West Bromwich.
 The club's history dates back to its formation in 1878 as West Bromwich Strollers by workers from Salter's Spring Works in West Bromwich.
 The team was renamed West Bromwich Albion in 1880.
 Albion have played their home games at The Hawthorns since 1900.
