The Fincastle Turnpike, also known as the "Fincastle and Blue Ridge Turnpike Company", was approved in 1834 by the Virginia General Assembly to maintain a toll turnpike that followed part of the Wilderness Road from Fincastle, Virginia, to the Cumberland Gap.
 The Fincastle Turnpike also connected Narrows, Virginia and Tazewell, Virginia along the way to the Cumberland Gap, following roughly what is today parts of Virginia State Route 42 and Virginia State Route 61.
During the afternoon of April 27, 2011, a violent EF5 tornado touched down in eastern Mississippi, killing three people.
 Part of the historic 2011 Super Outbreak, the largest tornado outbreak on record, this was the first of four EF5 tornadoes to touch down that day and the first such storm in Mississippi since the 1966 Candlestick Park tornado.
 While on the ground for 30 minutes, it traveled along a near 29 mi path through four counties, leaving behind three deaths, eight injuries, and $1.1 million in damage.
Severe Tropical Storm Wukong was a slow moving tropical cyclone which produced torrential rains over Japan.
 The tenth named storm of the 2006 Pacific typhoon season, Wukong developed out of a tropical depression over the open waters of the western Pacific Ocean.
 On August 13, both the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) classified the depression as a tropical storm.
 The storm traveled along a curving path south of Japan, absorbing the remnants of Tropical Storm Sonamu on August 15 before turning towards the west.
 Wukong made landfall at peak intensity late on August 17 near Miyazaki City in southern Kyūshū.
 The cyclone remained over land for about 24 hours before moving out over the Sea of Japan.
 The storm weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating on August 21.
 Due to the slow movement of the storm, it produced heavy rains, peaking at 516 mm (20.3 in).
 Two people were killed due to rough seas produced by the storm and three others were injured.
The culture of Oregon has had a diverse and distinct character from before European settlement until the modern day.
 Approximately 80 Native American tribes were living in Oregon before the establishment of European pioneer settlements.
 Trappers and traders were the harbingers of the coming migration of Europeans.
 Many of these settlers traveled along the nationally renowned Oregon Trail, with estimates of around 53,000 using the trail between 1840 and 1850.
Wilderness Road State Park is a state park located in southwestern Virginia, near Cumberland Gap and Ewing, VA.
 It consists of about 310 acre around the former Wilderness Road.
The Belgian railway line 130A is a railway line in Belgium connecting Charleroi with the French border near Erquelinnes.
 Completed in 1852, the line runs 29.3 km.
 It runs along the river Sambre, crossing it several times.
 Beyond Erquelinnes, a French railway line continues towards Jeumont, Saint-Quentin and Paris.
 Until the opening of the Paris–Brussels–Cologne high-speed lines, international passenger trains between Paris and Cologne traveled along line 130A.
History of Rocky Mountain National Park began when Paleo-Indians traveled along what is now Trail Ridge Road to hunt and forage for food.
 Ute and Arapaho people subsequently hunted and camped in the area.
 In 1820, the Long Expedition, led by Stephen H. Long for whom Longs Peak was named, approached the Rockies via the Platte River.
 Settlers began arriving in the mid-1800s, displacing the Native Americans who mostly left the area voluntarily by 1860, while others were removed to reservations by 1878.
Oliver Cromwell Hackett was born March 29, 1822 in Scott County, Kentucky.
 His father was John Hackett, and his grandfather was noted Kentucky frontiersman and militiaman of the American Revolution, Peter Hackett.
 John Hackett moved the family, including young O. C., from Kentucky to Coles County, Illinois in 1835.
 O. C. Hackett married Ellen Roxanne (Wyeth) on March 14, 1854.
 O. C.'s children included Frederick W. Hackett.
 O. C. died April 8, 1905 in Tuscola, Illinois.
 Family legend holds that Abraham Lincoln stayed at the Hackett farm near Charleston Illinois before or after the 4th of the Lincoln-Douglas debates of 1858.
Peter Hackett was born in approximately 1763 or 1764 in the English colony of Virginia.
 It is believed that Peter was the son of Thomas Hackett, likely of Montgomery County, Virginia.
 As a boy Peter was bonded out to Captain James Estill, in approximately 1771, and was a part of the broad Scotch-Irish migration along the Wilderness Road through the Cumberland Gap from Virginia into what later became known as Kentucky in the late 18th century.
 In 1779 he was a resident of Boonesborough, one of the first English-speaking settlements beyond the Appalachian Mountains, and lived there until 1780.
 Early residents of Boonesborough included Daniel Boone, James Estill, Joseph Proctor, Nicholas Proctor, Adam Caperton, David Lynch, John Colefoot, John Moore, George Robertson, Thomas Miller, Reuben Proctor, Thomas Warren, Peter Hackett, and Thomas Watson.
 In 1780 Hackett helped establish Estill's Station, Kentucky, and lived there until about 1788.
The Wilderness Road was one of two principal routes used by colonial and early national era settlers to reach Kentucky from the East.
 Although this road goes through the Cumberland Gap into southern Kentucky and northern Tennessee, the other (more northern route) is sometimes called the "Cumberland Road" because it started in Fort Cumberland in Maryland.
 Despite Kentucky Senator Henry Clay's advocacy of this route, early in the 19th century, the northern route was selected for the National Road, connecting near Washington, Pennsylvania into the Ohio Valley of northern Kentucky and Ohio.
