Colonel Sir Thomas Hungerford Holdich, KCMG, KCIE, CB (1843–1929) was an English geographer and president of the Royal Geographical Society.
 He is best known as Superintendent of Frontier Surveys in British India and author of numerous books, including "The Gates of India", "The Countries of the King's Award" and "Political Frontiers and Boundary Making".
Baron Cottesloe, of Swanbourne and Hardwick in the County of Buckingham, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1874 for the Conservative politician and former Chief Secretary for Ireland, Sir Thomas Fremantle, 1st Baronet (1798–1890).
 He was the son of Admiral Sir Thomas Fremantle (1765–1819).
 Lord Cottesloe had already been created a Baronet, of Swanbourne in the County of Berkshire, in 1821, chiefly in recognition of his father's services, and with remainder to the latter's heirs.
 His father Sir Thomas Fremantle was created Baron Fremantle, of the Austrian Empire, which Lord Cottesloe inherited in 1819 with the death of his father.
 Subsequently, in 1822 he was given a Royal licence, which authorized him and his successors to use the title in Britain.
 However, a warrant issued on 27 April 1932 withdrew all the royal licences, only allowing the use of the title to the then current holders, their heir (if any was born) and their heir's heir (if any was born).
 Nowadays, John Fremantle, 5th Baron Cottesloe is the current holder of this title, and his son Hon. Thomas Henry Fremantle, heir to the Cottesloe Barony, will be the last future holder being allowed to use the Austrian title in the United Kingdom.
Sir Thomas Hungerford of Rowden (died 17 January 1469), the eldest son of Robert Hungerford, 3rd Baron Hungerford, lived chiefly at Rowden, near Chippenham, Wiltshire.
 After giving some support to Edward IV and the Yorkists he joined in Warwick's conspiracy to restore Henry VI in January 1469, was attainted, and was executed at Salisbury, Wiltshire.
 He was buried in the chapel of Farleigh Castle.
The Oliver Gascoigne family originated at the point that Richard Oliver, originally of Castle Oliver, Limerick, Ireland, inherited the fortune of Sir Thomas Gascoigne of Parlington Hall, Yorkshire, in 1810.
 Sir Thomas made it a stipulation of his will that Richard add 'Gascoigne' to his name.
 Richard had married Sir Thomas's stepdaughter, Mary Turner, in 1804.
 Richard and Mary had two daughters, Isabella and Elizabeth, who inherited their parents' fortune in 1843.
 The sisters demolished their ancestral home in Ireland, and built a new Castle Oliver a few hundred yards to the north east.
 The castle still exists.
Farleigh Hungerford Castle, sometimes called Farleigh Castle or Farley Castle, is a medieval castle in Farleigh Hungerford, Somerset, England.
 The castle was built in two phases: the inner court was constructed between 1377 and 1383 by Sir Thomas Hungerford, who made his fortune working as a steward to John of Gaunt.
 The castle was built to a quadrangular design, already slightly old-fashioned, on the site of an existing manor house overlooking the River Frome.
 A park was attached to the castle, requiring the destruction of a local village.
 His son, Sir Walter Hungerford, a successful knight and courtier to Henry V, became rich during the Hundred Years War with France and extended the castle with an additional, outer court, enclosing the parish church in the process.
 By Walter's death in 1449, the substantial castle was richly appointed and its chapel decorated with murals.
Baron Portal of Hungerford, of Hungerford in the County of Berkshire, was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1945 for Marshal of the Royal Air Force Sir Charles Portal upon his retirement as Chief of the Air Staff, with remainder in default of male issue to his daughter, Rosemary Portal, and the heirs male of her body.
 In 1946 Portal was further honoured when he was created Viscount Portal of Hungerford, of Hungerford in the County of Berkshire, also in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, with normal remainder to the male issue of his body.
 The viscountcy became extinct on Lord Portal of Hungerford's death in 1971 as he left no surviving sons, while he was succeeded in the barony according to the special remainder by his daughter Rosemary.
 She sat as a cross-bencher in the House of Lords.
 However, Lady Portal of Hungerford died without issue, and the barony became extinct on her death.
The Company of Chivalry is a living history group portraying a Military Company in the age of Edward III (13 November 1312 – 21 June 1377), under the command of Sir Thomas Hungerford (c. 1330 – 3 December 1397), a Vassal of John of Gaunt 1st Duke of Lancaster (March 6, 1340 – February 3, 1399).
Earl of Winchilsea is a title in the Peerage of England held by the Finch-Hatton family.
 It has been united with the title of Earl of Nottingham under a single holder since 1729.
 The Finch family is believed to be descended from Henry FitzHerbert, Lord Chamberlain to Henry I (r. 1100–1135).
 The name change came in the 1350s after marriage to an heiress member of the Finch family.
 A later member of the family, Sir William Finch, was knighted in 1513.
 His son Sir Thomas Finch (died 1563), was also knighted for his share in suppressing Sir Thomas Wyatt's insurrection against Queen Mary I, and was the son-in-law of Sir Thomas Moyle, some of whose lands Finch's wife inherited.
 Thomas's eldest son Moyle Finch represented Weymouth, Kent and Winchelsea in the House of Commons.
 In 1611 he was created a baronet, of Eastwell in the County of Kent.
Mary Hungerford (c.1468 – before 10 July 1533) was the daughter of Sir Thomas Hungerford and Anne, daughter of Henry Percy, 3rd Earl of Northumberland.
The Stepney Baronetcy, of Prendergast in the County of Pembroke, was a title in the Baronetage of England.
 It was created on 24 November 1621 for John Stepney.
 His son, Sir John, the third Baronet represented Pembroke and Haverfordwest in Parliament.
 The latter's nephew, the fourth Baronet, married Justina, daughter of Sir Anthony van Dyck.
 Their only son, Sir Thomas, the fifth Baronet, sat as Member of Parliament for Carmarthenshire.
 Sir Thomas's great-grandson, Sir John, the eighth Baronet, represented Monmouth in Parliament and served as Envoy to Dresden and Berlin.
 The eighth Baronet never married and was succeeded by his younger brother, Sir Thomas, the ninth Baronet, on whose death in 1825 the baronetcy became extinct.
