Criss Angel Believe (also written as CRISS ANGEL "beLIEve") was the sixth Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas, which was premiered at the beLIEve theatre (which holds 1,600 when at capacity) inside the Luxor hotel in Las Vegas in 2008.
 It is a theatrical production created in partnership of Cirque du Soleil and magician Criss Angel, who is billed as the "co-writer, illusions creator and designer, original concept creator and star" of the show.
 The show had its final performance on April 17, 2016, being replaced by "Criss Angel MINDFREAK LIVE" on May 11 of the same year.
Angel is an American heavy metal band from New York City, formed in 1989.
 The band was founded and guided by Criss Angel during the explosion of hair metal in the late '80s.
 The name of the present band was taken as "Angel" when the glam-rock band formed by Punky Meadows and Mickie Jones gradually dissolved after 1981 (with a brief resurgence in 1987), as its founding members drifted off to other projects.
 The present band disbanded when founder Criss Angel decided to go into the direction of industrial rock, and formed Angeldust (after which he pursued a career in magic and illusion).
Criss Angel BeLIEve is a show that aired on the Spike TV Network.
 It debuted in October 8, 2013 and is stylized much like Angel's previous show "Mindfreak" that aired on A&E Network.
 The show gives viewers unprecedented access into Angel's "Think Tank" and shows the creative process behind the illusions and demonstrations from conception to execution.
 It is centered on stunts and street magic acts by magician Criss Angel.
 11 episodes were originally going to air but only 10 were shown due to Angel's surgery that needed to take place because of his severe shoulder injury from filming the double straight jacket escape.
"Change Nothing" is the debut single of American recording artist and "American Idol" season 11 runner-up, Jessica Sanchez.
 The song was written by Jaden Michaels, Joleen Belle and Harry Sommerdahl.
 Sanchez first performed the song, her potential coronation song had she won the title, on May 22, 2012 "American Idol" final performance show.
 After the final performance show, her recording of "Change Nothing" was released as a single on May 23, 2012.
Operation "Coyote" was a United States Department of Homeland Security effort to track and seize revenue generated by Mexican cartels in the human smuggling industry along the United States-Mexico border.
 From June to September 2014, U.S. agents seized $950,000 in 504 accounts at undisclosed banks in Arizona, Texas and Maryland.
 Homeland Security also reported that in this time period, human smuggling generated $50 million, mainly in the Reynosa area of Tamaulipas, and through tracking the revenue uncovered links between factions of the splintered Gulf Cartel of northeastern Mexico with the local Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel in the northwest of Mexico.
 The Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, commented on the operation in August 2014, announcing that 363 smugglers and their associates had been arrested and more than $800,000 in illicit payments seized.
Creature From the Black Lagoon: The Musical was a live performance show formerly located at the Universal Studios Hollywood theme park in Los Angeles, California.
 It debuted on July 1, 2009, replacing "Fear Factor LIVE".
 As of March 9, 2010 this show was officially closed.
Emeril John Lagasse III ( ; born October 15, 1959) is an American celebrity chef, restaurateur, television personality, and cookbook author.
 He is a regional James Beard Award winner, known for his mastery of Creole and Cajun cuisine and his self-developed "New New Orleans" style.
 However, he is perhaps most notable for having appeared on a wide variety of cooking TV shows, including the long-running Food Network shows "Emeril Live" and "Essence of Emeril".
 On those shows he pioneered several catchphrases he is associated with, including "Kick it up a notch!"
 and "Bam!"
 Lagasse's portfolio of media, products, and restaurants generates an estimated US$150 million annually in revenue.
Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos (born December 19, 1967), known by the stage name Criss Angel, is an American magician, illusionist and musician.
 Angel began his career in New York City, before moving his base of operations to the Las Vegas Valley.
 He is known for starring in the television and stage show "Criss Angel Mindfreak" and his previous live performance illusion show "Criss Angel Believe" in collaboration with "Cirque du Soleil" at the Luxor casino in Las Vegas.
 The show generated $150 million in tourist revenue to Las Vegas in 2010, but has since been replaced by "Mindfreak LIVE" on 11 May 2016 (the show is partly produced by Cirque, however the directive rights are entirely with Criss Angel).
 He also starred in the television series "Criss Angel BeLIEve" on Spike TV, the reality-competition television show "Phenomenon" on NBC, and the 2014 stage show "Criss Angel Magicjam".
Criss Angel: Mindfreak is an American reality TV show that aired on A&E from 2005 to 2010.
 It centers on stunts and street magic acts by magician Criss Angel.
Henry A. Roemer (born Sep 27, 1884 in Ohio – died Nov 13, 1969) was president of Sharon Steel Corporation from 1931 to 1957.
 After accepting the role as president, Roemer was able to set a prime example of how to run a business during the depression.
 At the beginning of his first term, the company was losing half a million on $10 million sales.
 By the end of his presidency of the company, the Sharon Steel Corporation was producing $150 million in revenue and $4 million in earnings per year.
 Over the course of this 26 year presidency, the Sharon Steel Corporation was one of the best known steel companies in the regional Midwest steel industry.
 Roemer has been recognized as one as the greatest business leaders of the twentieth century
