Around the World in Eighty Days (French: "Le tour du monde en quatre-vingts jours" ) is a classic adventure novel by the French writer Jules Verne, published in 1873.
 In the story, Phileas Fogg of London and his newly employed French valet Passepartout attempt to circumnavigate the world in 80 days on a £20,000 wager (the approximate equivalent of £2 million in 2016) set by his friends at the Reform Club.
 It is one of Verne's most acclaimed works .
"Around the World" was the theme tune from the 1956 movie "Around the World in 80 Days" In the film, only an instrumental version of the song appeared, although the vocal version has become by far the better known one.
 The song was written by Harold Adamson and Victor Young; Young died in 1956, several weeks after the film's release and he received the Academy Award for Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture posthumously.
 Young's orchestral version was a #13 hit on the Billboard charts in 1957.
 The recording by Bing Crosby was the B-side of the Victor Young version in 1957, on Festival SP45-1274 in Australia, and was a joint charting success.
A Boy Scout Around the World (Danish: "Jorden Rundt i 44 dage", literally: "Around the World in 44 Days") is a travel description published in October 1928 and written by Danish Boy Scout and later actor Palle Huld at the age of 15 following his travel around the world in spring 1928.
 His trip was sponsored by a Danish newspaper and made on the occasion of the 100 birthday of Jules Verne a French author of adventure and science fiction.
 Palle Huld was chosen after having answered to an ad in the newspaper; applicants had to be boys, 15 years old, able to manage in English and German and of good health.
 Like the characters in Jules Verne’s novel "Around the World in 80 days" he was only allowed to travel by land and sea, not by air.
 The travel (on first class) went from Denmark to Great Britain, across the Atlantic Ocean to Canada.
 From the American west coast he continued to Japan, China, Soviet Union, Poland, Germany and back to Denmark.
 He had to travel alone but was helped along the way by reporters of the newspaper, members of Danish embassies and local Boy Scouts.
 The travel was followed by not only Danish newspapers but newspapers around the world and at his return to Copenhagen he was met by a crowd of 20,000 people.
Summer Magic is a 1963 Walt Disney Productions film starring Hayley Mills, Burl Ives, and Dorothy McGuire in a story about a Boston widow and her children taking up residence in a small town in Maine.
 The film was based on the novel "Mother Carey's Chickens" by Kate Douglas Wiggin and was directed by James Neilson.
 This was the fourth of six film Mills did for Disney, and the young actress received a Golden Globe nomination for her work here.
Around the World in 80 Days is a 7-part BBC television travel series first broadcast on BBC1 in 1989.
 It was presented by comedian and actor Michael Palin.
 The show was inspired by Jules Verne's classic novel "Around the World in Eighty Days", in which a character named Phileas Fogg accepts a wager to circumnavigate the globe in eighty days or less.
 Palin was given the same deadline, and not allowed to use aircraft, which did not exist in Jules Verne's time and would make completing the journey far too easy.
 He followed Phileas Fogg's route as closely as possible.
 Along the way he commented on the sights and cultures he encountered.
 Palin encountered several setbacks during his voyage, partly because he travelled with a five-person film crew, who are collectively named after Passepartout, Phileas Fogg's manservant.
Around the World in 80 Days (sometimes spelled as Around the World in Eighty Days) is a 1956 American epic adventure-comedy film starring Cantinflas and David Niven , produced by the Michael Todd Company and released by United Artists.
Around the World in 80 Days is a 2004 American action-adventure comedy family film based on Jules Verne's novel of the same name.
 It stars Jackie Chan, Steve Coogan and Cécile de France.
 The film is set in 19th-century Britain and centers on Phileas Fogg (Steve Coogan), here reimagined as an eccentric inventor, and his efforts to circumnavigate the globe in 80 days.
 During the trip, he is accompanied by his Chinese valet, Passepartout (Jackie Chan).
 For comedic reasons, the film intentionally deviated wildly from the novel and included a number of anachronistic elements.
 With production costs of about $110 million and estimated marketing costs of $30 million, it earned $24 million at the U.S. box office and $72 million worldwide, making it a box office flop.
 It was Arnold Schwarzenegger's last film before he took a hiatus from acting to become Governor of California until 2010's "The Expendables".
James Poe (October 4, 1921 – January 24, 1980) was an American film and television screenwriter.
 He is best known for his work on the movies "Around the World in 80 Days" for which he jointly won an Academy Award in 1956, "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", "Summer and Smoke", "Lilies of the Field", and "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?
".
The Jules Verne Trophy is a prize for the fastest circumnavigation of the world by any type of yacht with no restrictions on the size of the crew provided the vessel has registered with the organization and paid an entry fee.
 A vessel holding the Jules Verne trophy will not necessarily hold the absolute round the world record.
 The trophy was first awarded to the first yacht which sailed around the world in less than 80 days.
 The name of the award is a reference to the Jules Verne novel "Around the World in Eighty Days" in which Phileas Fogg traverses the planet (albeit by railroad and steamboat) in 80 days.
 The current holder is "IDEC Sport" skippered by Francis Joyon in 40 days 23 hours 30 minutes 30 seconds.
Around the World in 80 Days is an Australian 48-minute direct-to-video animated film from Burbank Films Australia.
 It was originally released in 1988.
 The film is based on Jules Verne's classic French novel, "Around the World in 80 Days", first published in 1873, and was adapted by Leonard Lee.
 It was produced by Roz Phillips and featured original music by Simon Walker.
 The film imitated BRB Internacional's Spanish 1981 series, "La vuelta al mundo de Willy Fog", in its use of anthropomorphic animals in the human roles.
 The copyright in this film is now owned by Pulse Distribution and Entertainment and administered by digital rights management firm NuTech Digital.
