Scott Poulson-Bryant is an award-winning American journalist and author.
 One of the co-founding editors of Vibe magazine in 1992 (and the editor who gave the magazine its name), Poulson-Bryant's journalism, profiles, reviews, and essays have appeared in such publications as the "New York Times", "the Village Voice", "Rolling Stone", "Spin", "Essence", "Ebony", and "The Source".
 He is the author of "HUNG: A Meditation on the Measure of Black Men in America" (published by Doubleday Books in 2006) and a novel called "The VIPs".
ReNew" magazine (currently subtitled ReNew: technology for a sustainable future) is an Australian magazine covering domestic renewable energy technologies and sustainable culture.
 Originally a small magazine, printed and distributed locally in Melbourne, it was first published by the Alternative Energy Co-operative in 1980 as Soft Technology: Alternative Energy in Australia".
 Although it sold for the high cover price of $0.85, the magazine's circulation increased so rapidly that by issue 35, published in February 1991, it included a full colour cover.
 The price was increased from $2.50 to $3 and national distribution rights secured for issue 40, published in June the following year.
 A total of 13,000 copies were printed.
 The magazine was renamed, after much deliberation, under the present title in 1996.
ALT for Damerne (meaning "All for the Ladies" in English) is a Danish language weekly women's magazine published in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The Shadow Speaker (Sun/Hyperion 2007), by Nnedi Okorafor, is a young adult, first-person novel that takes place in the year 2070.
 "The Shadow Speaker" was a Booksense Pick for Winter 2007/2008, a Tiptree Honor Book, a finalist for the Essence Magazine Literary Award, the Andre Norton Award and the Golden Duck Award and an NAACP Image Award nominee.
Portugal Colonial : revista de expansão e propaganda colonial (Portuguese for "Colonial Portugal: Review on Colonial Expansion and Propaganda") was a magazine related to events in the colonies of the Portuguese Empire outside the Portuguese Main (which also included the Azores and Madeira).
 Publication began on March 1931 and finished on February 1937, it made 72 issues.
 Its content with the name of the title related to the events in the Portuguese colonies (even with its large notorious attention on the Angolan colony) "a sharing of the reflections on many different problemas related to the administration and the development of the colonies, denounced problems, representing interests of the corporative press and defend solutions".
 In sum, the essence of a colonial mission was stopped, with the participation of a gallery of individuals (governor's members, senior cadres of the colonial administration, troops, etc.,), in between, writers who published the review included Henrique Galvão who was the first director, Agostinho de Campos, Francisco Alves de Azevedo, Henrique de Paiva Couceiro, Alexandre Lopes Galvão, A. Leite de Magalhães, Armindo Monteiro, Joaquim Teixeira de Nóbrega, Henrique Parreira, Carlos de Brito Queiroga, Braz Temudo, Joaquim Paço d'Arcos, Joaquim Bensaude, Teófilo Duarte (who was colonial governor of Cape Verde), Maria Archer, Carlos Botelho and Diniz Fragoso.
Guillaume Morissette (born 1984) is a Canadian fiction writer and poet based in Montreal, Quebec.
 His work has frequently been associated with the Alt Lit movement, with Dazed & Confused magazine describing him as "Canada's Alt Lit poster boy."
 He has published stories, poems and essays online and in print, in venues such as "Maisonneuve", "Little Brother", "Broken Pencil", "Shabby Doll House" and "Thought Catalog", and was listed as one of CBC Books' "Writers to Watch" for 2014.
Chukwuemeka Jerry Esogbue (born 6 June 1970), usually referred to as Emeka Esogbue, is an Anioma (Nigerian) historian, journalist, writer and Anioma crusader.
 He is the author of 'A Study of the Origins and Migrations of Anioma Settlements' (2015), 'A Short History of Omu' (2016), published by Carophem Communications Limited, Ibadan and 'Essentials of Anioma History' published in United States of America by SGNT Media.
 Esogbue is currently Research Fellow with Anioma Essence Magazine and also Associate Editor of Homage Magazine.
 As a historian, Emeka Esogbue favours the use of historical continuity in rendering past accounts and digging into the past of the Anioma people.
 He emphasises on the origin and intertribal relationship of the Anioma people of Delta, Anambra, Imo, Edo and Rivers States of Nigeria.
 Emeka Esogbue has in his writings passionately criticised the near assimilation of the Anioma people by related ethnic groups in the country and many of his works are centred on this.
 He was born to the family of Esogbue in Isieke, Umuekea in Ibusa (Igbuzo) in Oshimili North Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria.
 His parents were Patrick Chukwudumebi and Theresa Nwasiwe Esogbue.
 Dumebi was said to be a member of defunct Biafran Commando unit during the Nigerian Civil War.
 His grandfather was Joseph Ozoemezie Esogbue, the first engine driver produced by Ibusa.
 Chief (Prof) Augustine Onwuyalim Moses Esogbue is also a member of the family.
Lene Thiesen (b. 1947 in Copenhagen) is the former director of the Copenhagen International Theatre (Danish: "Københavns Internationale Teater or KIT" ).
 In 1992, Thiesen was named 'Woman of the Year' by the Danish magazine "Alt for damerne".
Tara Betts is the author of two full-length poetry collections "Break the Habit", which was published in October 2016 with Trio House Press, and her debut collection "Arc & Hue" on the Willow Books imprint of Aquarius Press.
 In 2010, "Essence Magazine" named her as one of their "40 Favorite Poets".
The Essence Festival, known as "the party with a purpose", is an annual music festival which started in 1995 as a one-time event to celebrate the 25th anniversary of "Essence", a magazine aimed primarily towards African-American women.
 It is the largest event celebrating African-American culture and music in the United States.
 Locally referred to as the Essence Fest, it has been held in New Orleans, Louisiana every year since 1994 except for 2006, when it was held in Houston, Texas due to Hurricane Katrina's effect on New Orleans.
 It also held in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal in 2016.
 It features artists simultaneously performing on a main stage as well as four standing-room only superlounge stages.
