"The Ricks Must Be Crazy" is the sixth episode in the second season of the American animated television sitcom "Rick and Morty", and the seventeenth overall episode in the series.
 Written by Dan Guterman and directed by Dominic Polcino, the episode first aired on Adult Swim in the United States on August 30, 2015.
 It is speculated that the title of the episode is a reference to the 1980 film "The Gods Must Be Crazy".
Faerie Tale Theatre (also known as Shelley Duvall's Faerie Tale Theatre) is an American award-winning live-action children's anthology television series, starring many famous and well known actors (particularly of the period) including Robin Williams, consisting of 27 episodes retelling 25 classic fairy tales, particularly of The Brothers Grimm, plus the poem The Pied Piper of Hamelin and a special episode called "The Grimm's Party", showcasing the series cast and crew, (including Duvall and Teri Garr), that originally aired on Showtime from September 11, 1982 until November 14, 1987.
 Shelley Duvall, who created the series served as narrator, host and executive producer of the program alongside Fred Fuchs, and occasionally starred in episodes.
 The series was followed by two other, albeit less successful shorter anthology series "Tall Tales & Legends" (episode 9) which followed the same format as "Faerie Tale Theatre" and focused on classic American folk tales and third series Nightmare Classics (4 episodes, originally planned as 6).
 This was one of the first examples of cable original programming, alongside HBO's "Fraggle Rock".
"Pilot" is the first episode of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on December 2, 2013.
 It is written by series creators Dan Harmon and Justin Roiland, and directed by Roiland.
 The series introduces protagonists, alcoholic scientist Rick Sanchez and his innocent teenage grandson Morty Smith, as they embark on a dangerous interdimensional adventure to fetch Mega tree seeds.
 The pilot had a mixed to positive reception and was seen by about 1.1 million viewers when airing.
"Rick Potion #9" is the sixth episode of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on January 27, 2014, was written by Justin Roiland, and directed by Stephen Sandoval.
 In the episode, a love potion goes wrong, creating a virus that begins to infect the entire world population, making everyone fall in love with Morty.
 The episode has been well received, and was seen by about 1.7 million viewers when airing.
 The title of the episode is in reference to the 1959 song "Love Potion No. 9" by the Clovers.
"Rixty Minutes" is the eighth episode of the first season of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on March 17, 2014.
 The episode was written by Tom Kauffman and Justin Roiland, and directed by Bryan Newton.
 In the episode, Rick and Morty watch cable from other dimensions, while Jerry, Beth, and Summer watch alternate reality versions of themselves using a pair of interdimensional goggles.
 The episode was well received and watched by about 1.48 million viewers in the United States.
The sixth season of the American comedy television series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" premiered on FX on September 16, 2010.
 The season contains 14 episodes and concluded airing on December 9, 2010 with the hour-long Christmas special (which was produced for season 5, however aired as part of season 6).
 An additional episode called "The Gang Gets Successful" (production code IP06004) was produced for this season, but was not aired, despite scenes from the episode being included in promotional material for season 6.
 It was later re-edited with new scenes to create the season 7 episode "How Mac Got Fat".
"Meeseeks and Destroy" is the fifth episode of the first season of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on January 20, 2014.
 The episode was written by Ryan Ridley and directed by Bryan Newton.
 In the episode, Rick provides the family with a solution to their problems, freeing him up to go on an adventure led by Morty.
 The episode has been well received, and was seen by about 1.6 million viewers when it was first aired on the Adult Swim channel.
"Lawnmower Dog" is the second episode of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on December 9, 2013, was written by Ryan Ridley, and directed by John Rice.
 In the episode, Rick gives Jerry a device to enhance the dog's intelligence, whilst Rick and Morty get lost in the dreams of Morty's math teacher.
 The episode was well received, with approximately 1.5 million viewers when airing.
The following is an episode list for the anime adaptation of the "Da Capo" series of games, including "Da Capo: Second Season".
 The "D.C." anime first season, produced by Zexcs, originally aired from 5 July to 27 December 2003 on the Japanese network TV Kanagawa.
 Based on the original visual novel's scenario where the player chooses Nemu, it featured the central characters of the game, while omitting some of the details of the other scenarios.
 As it was a general-audience anime, the explicit scenes of the original game were likewise omitted.
 Many episodes were accompanied by bonus material, such as music videos or side stories.
 The unique thirteen Side Episodes, although released concurrently with "D.C.", were produced by a different staff than the "D.C." anime.
Legends of Bikini Bottom is an anthology series of six episodes in the American animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants", as part of its seventh season.
 As the name suggests, the episodes have plots involving things like monsters, magic and mythical creatures.
 The first episode called "Trenchbillies" first premiered on the online social networking service Facebook on January 27, 2011 before airing on Nickelodeon on January 29, 2011.
 The four other episodes titled "Sponge-Cano!"
, "The Main Drain", "The Monster Who Came to Bikini Bottom" and "Welcome to the Bikini Bottom Triangle" premiered on Nickelodeon as part of an hour-long special on January 28, 2011.
 The decision to air the series online was aimed at attracting "the young and the restless hooked to the internet and the social media."
