"Not to be confused with Rafael de Souza Pereira, also known as Rafael Carioca."
Rafael de Souza Pereira (January 16, 1989), known as Rafael Carioca, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Liga MX club Tigres UANL.
The Liga Mexicana de Fútbol Femenil is the top level women's football league in the Mexican football league system.
 The league was made as an attempt to help women's football grow in Mexico.
 This first nationwide league was established in 2007.
 Record champions are Morelia and Rio Soccer with four titles.
 Today the "Liga" features three divisions, the top one has always been called the Superliga.
Ney de Souza Pereira, known as Ney Matogrosso (] ; born August 1, 1941, in Bela Vista, Mato Grosso do Sul), is a Brazilian singer who is distinguished for his uncommon countertenor voice.
 He was ranked by "Rolling Stone" as the third greatest Brazilian singer of all time, and by the same magazine as the 31st greatest Brazilian music artist of all time.
Josef de Souza Dias (born 11 February 1989), commonly known as Souza, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Fenerbahçe mainly as a central midfielder but also as a defensive midfielder.
Alan Kardec de Souza Pereira Júnior (born January 12, 1989 in Barra Mansa), known as Alan Kardec, is a Brazilian professional football player who plays for Chongqing Lifan as a striker.
Rafael de Souza Figueira or simply Pipoca (born January 6, 1990 in São Bernardo do Campo), is a Brazilian left back.
 He currently plays for Corinthians.
Francisco Eduardo de Souza Pereira or Dudu (São Paulo, 4 June 1935) is a Brazilian Banjoist and Guitar Player known as "The king of banjo"
Rodrigo de Souza Fonseca (born 27 October 1987 in São Gonçalo), better known as Rodrigo Souza, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Clube de Regatas Brasil.
Querétaro Fútbol Club, also called Gallos Blancos de Querétaro, is a Mexican professional football club based in Querétaro City, Mexico.
 Querétaro plays in the Liga MX, the top level of the Mexican football league system.
 Their colors are blue, black and white and the team mascot is a rooster.
 They were to have been relegated to the Liga de Ascenso in 2013, but Chiapas F.C. was relocated to Querétaro.
