The 692 AD Siege of Mecca occurred after the Islamic Umayyad Caliph Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan sent his General Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf with a large army to Mecca where Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr ruled, to put an end to the rival Caliphate.
 The siege was brutal and destructive and ended after six months with the death of ibn Zubair.
Abd Allah ibn Abbas (Arabic: عبد الله ابن عباس‎ ‎ ) or ′Abd Allah ibn al-′Abbas otherwise called (Ibn Abbas; Al-Habr; Al-Bahr; The Doctor; The Sea) was born c. 619 CE.
 He was the son of Al-‘Abbas ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib, an uncle of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, and a nephew of the Maymunah bint al-Harith, who later became Muhammad's wife.
 He was one of Muhammad's cousins and one of the early Qur'an scholars.
Abu Abd Allah Mohammed ibn Mohammed ibn Abd Allah ibn Tijillat al-Hazmiri al-Marrakushi (born in Nafis, near Aghmat fl.
 1320) was a Moroccan writer of the 14th century, member of the zawiyya Hazmiriyya and author of "Itimid al-aynayn wa-nushat an-nazir in fi manaqib al-ahawayn Abi Zayd wa-Abi Abd Allah al-Hazmiryyayn".
 This work, written in the beginning of the 14th century, during the reign of the Merinid dynasty is about the Hazmiri saints of Aghmat, father Abd al-Karim, the founder of the aforesaid zawiyya, his wife (passim) and their two sons.
‘Abd Allāh ibn ‘Abd ar-Raḥman Sirāj (Arabic: عبد الله بن عبد الرحمن سراج‎ ‎ ) was an Arab politician and Islamic scholar who held various posts in the Kingdom of Hejaz and later the Emirate of Transjordan, including the office of Prime Minister of both countries.
 Born in Mecca, he graduated from Madrasah as-Sawlatiyah and later al-Azhar University in Cairo.
 In 1907 he was appointed Mufti of the Hanafis in Mecca by Sharif Ali Abd Allah.
 He was elected to represent Mecca in the Ottoman parliament in 1908, though he resigned before he ever served.
 After Sharif Husayn declared independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1916, he appointed Siraj as Chief Justice and Deputy Prime Minister of the Hejaz government.
 Siraj served as acting Prime Minister in lieu of Emir Ali until 1918.
 After Husayn abdicated the throne in 1924, Siraj held the office of Prime Minister during most of Ali's short reign, which ended with the Kingdom's surrender to the Saudi Sultanate of Nejd in 1925.
 He then migrated to the Jordan, where under Emir Abd Allah he served as Prime Minister from 1931 to 1933 while simultaneously holding the portfolios of Finance and the Interior Ministry, as well as the office of Chief Justice.
Da'ud Abu al-Fadl (1161–1242) was a Karaite Jewish physician who lived in the Ayyubid Egypt in the twelfth century CE.
 He born in Cairo in 1161 and died there about 1242.
 Having studied medicine under the Jewish physician Hibat Allah ibn Jami, and under Abu al-Fafa'il ibn Naqid, he became the court physician of the sultan al-Malik al-'Adil Abu Bakr ibn Ayyub, the brother and successor of Saladin.
 He was also chief professor at the al-Nasiri Hospital at Cairo, where he had a great many pupils, among them being the historian ibn Abi Usaibiyyah.
 The latter declared that Abu al-Fadl was the most skillful physician of the time and that his success in curing the sick was miraculous.
 Abu al-Fadl was the author of an Arabic pharmacopoeia in twelve chapters, entitled "Aḳrabadhin", and treating chiefly of antidotes.
Abu Muhammad Shihab al-Din Ahmad ibn Muhammad ibn Abd Allah ibn Ibrahim also known as Muhammad ibn Arabshah (Arabic: أحمد بن عربشاه ), (1389–1450), was an Arab writer and traveller who lived under the reign of Timur (1370–1405).
Muhammad ibn Ali ibn Abdallah or Muhammad al-Imâm was the son of Ali ibn Abd Allah ibn al-Abbas and great-grandson of al-‘Abbas ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib, the uncle of the Islamic prophet, Muhammad.
 He was born in Humaima in Palestine, and was the progenitor of the Abbasid dynasty.
Lisan ad-Din ibn al-Khatib (Born 16 November 1313, Loja– died 1374, Fes, Morocco) (Full name Muhammad ibn Abd Allah ibn Said ibn Ali ibn Ahmad al-Salmani) was a Moroccan Arab polymath poet, writer, historian, philosopher, physician and politician from Emirate of Granada.
 Some of his poems decorate the walls of the Alhambra in Granada.
Muhammad ibn Thalib ibn Abd Allah ibn Ni`mat Allah ibn Sadr ad-Din ibn Shaykh Baha' ad-Din ash-Shirazi (Arabic: محمد ابن طالب عبدالله ابن نعمات الله ابن صدر الدين ابن شيخ بهاءالدين الشيرازي‎ ‎ ) was a 15th-century Persian physician from Shiraz, Iran.
'Umar ibn Abi Rabi'ah al-Makhzumi (November 644, Mecca – 712/719, Mecca, full name: Abū ’l-Khattāb Omar Ibn Abd Allah Ibn Abi Rabia Ibn al-Moghaira Ibn Abd Allah Ibn Omar Ibn Makhzūm Ibn Yakaza Ibn Murra al-Makhzūmi) was an Arabic poet.
 He was born into a wealthy family of the Quraish tribe of Mecca, his father being Abd Allah and his mother Asmā bint Mukharriba.
 He was characterised by the biographer Ibn Khallikan as 'the best poet ever produced by the tribe of Koraish'.
