The 2007 New York Giants season was the 83rd season for the New York Giants in the National Football League.
 The Giants finished the regular season 10–6 and in second place in the NFC East, improving upon their 8–8 record in 2006 in which they finished third in their division.
 They qualified for the playoffs as a wild-card team as the #5 seed, and beat the #4 seed Tampa Bay Buccaneers (9–7), the top-seeded Dallas Cowboys (13–3), and the #2 seed Green Bay Packers (13–3) to become the National Football Conference representative in Super Bowl XLII.
 There, they defeated the heavily favored and previously undefeated 18–0 New England Patriots and spoiled their perfect season.
 The 2007 New York Giants became the 9th wild card team in NFL history to reach the Super Bowl and the 5th wild card team to win the Super Bowl, and the very first NFC wild card to accomplish the feat.
 They were the third team in history to win three road playoff games en route to a Super Bowl and set a league record for most consecutive road wins in a single season (11), though the Super Bowl is played on a neutral field rather than an opponent's stadium.
 It was the 7th league championship season for the New York Giants and their first since they won Super Bowl XXV in 1991.
Roscoe Conkling (October 30, 1829April 18, 1888) was a politician from New York who served both as a member of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate.
 He was the leader of the Stalwart faction of the Republican Party, the first Republican senator from New York to be elected for three terms, and the last person to turn down a U.S. Supreme Court appointment after he had already been confirmed to the post by the U.S. Senate.
 While in the House, Representative Conkling served as body guard for Representative Thaddeus Stevens, a sharp-tongued anti slavery representative, and fully supported the Republican War effort.
 Conkling, who was temperate and detested tobacco, was known for being a body builder through regularly exercising and boxing.
 Conkling was elected to the Senate in 1867 as a leading Radical, who supported the rights of African Americans during Reconstruction.
The 2002 election was held on November 5.
 New York City Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi defeated former Assembly Minority Leader John Faso.
Bradley D. Simon is the Founding Partner of Simon & Partners LLP, which represents both corporations and individuals in the areas of white collar criminal defense, complex civil litigation and corporate compliance.
 Mr. Simon started the firm in 1998 with a New York City office, and has since grown the business with presences in Washington D.C., and most recently London.
 Mr. Simon has represented several defendants involved in high-profile cases, including: Alan Hevesi in connection with then New York State Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, investigation into the New York State Pension Fund scandal., David Chang in connection with bribery and corruption charges that led to the resignation of former New Jersey Senator Robert G. Torricelli.
, UK Solicitor Jeffrey Tesler against charges of violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act when working with Halliburton in Nigeria and James Marquez of Bayou Hedge Fund Group in the first-ever criminal prosecution of a hedge fund.
 Through aggressive representations, Mr. Simon has earned a reputation as a strong advocate for clients in highly public, combative cases, as stated in the "New York Times" story with regard to Alan Hevesi’s choice to switch lawyers in the middle of his defense.
The 1848 Whig National Convention was a quadrennial presidential nominating convention of the Whig Party.
 The convention was held in Philadelphia.
 War hero Zachary Taylor, a major general from Louisiana with no political background, was nominated as the party's candidate for president.
 Former New York Representative Millard Fillmore was nominated for vice president.
 They won the 1848 presidential election, defeating the Democratic candidates Lewis Cass and William O. Butler.
The 2006 New York Comptroller Election took place on November 7, 2006 with the incumbent, Alan Hevesi winning against Republican challenger Chris Callaghan.
 Hevesi was plagued by scandals during the campaign involving misuse of state funds.
 Hevesi won the election, resigning a few days before his second term would have begun.
John James Faso Jr. (born August 25, 1952) is an American politician and the U.S. Representative for New York 's 19 congressional district since January 3, 2017.
 He served as minority leader of the New York State Assembly from 1998 until 2002, representing the 102nd district from 1987 until 2002.
 A Republican, he gave up his seat in the Assembly to run for New York State Comptroller in 2002, losing to Alan Hevesi.
 In 2006, he made a run for Governor of New York, but was defeated by Democratic nominee Eliot Spitzer.
Lila Hanitra Ratsifandrihamanana (born 1959) is a Malagasy politician and diplomat.
 Ratsifandrihamanana was the Minister of Scientific Research from 1997 to 1998 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1998 to 2002.
 Ratsifandrihamanana resigned on February 27, 2002, amidst the political crisis that followed the December 2001 presidential election, because, according to her spokesperson, "she was personally in favour of comparing reports" regarding the electoral controversy.
 She then became ambassador to Senegal in 2002.
 In 2007 she became Permanent Representative of the African Union, Permanent Observer Mission of the African Union to the United Nations in New York.
 In 2009, she joined the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), as the Director of the Liaison Office with the UN in New York.
Peter Silvester (1734 – October 15, 1808) was an American politician who was a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York, and a prominent Federalist attorney in Kinderhook.
 He was a mentor to Martin Van Buren, the 8th President of the United States and was the grandfather of New York Representative Peter Henry Silvester.
Leo C. Zeferetti (born July 15, 1927) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.
 Born in Brooklyn, New York, he attended public schools in Brooklyn, New York University in 1963, and Baruch College from 1964 until 1966.
 He served in the United States Navy from 1944 until 1946 and became a corrections officer with the Department of Correction, New York City, from 1957 until 1974.
 Zeferetti was a member of the New York State Crime Control Planning Board from 1972 until 1974 and a representative to President’s Conference on Correction, 1971.
 He was elected as a Democrat to the Ninety-fourth and to the three succeeding Congresses.
 He represented the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn for four terms.
 In 1982, his district was eliminated in redistricting, and the bulk of its territory was merged with the Staten Island-based district of freshman Republican Guy Molinari, who defeated him in the general election that year.
