Do Phool ("Two Flowers") is a 1973 Indian Hindi-language comedy film directed by S. Ramanathan.
 The film stars Ashok Kumar, Vinod Mehra and Mehmood .
 The film was a remake of Tamil film "Anubavi Raja Anubavi" which was also later remade in Kannada as "Kittu Puttu".
 The storyline of 1993 Hindi movie "Aankhen" was similar to this movie.
Bharya Biddalu (English: Wife & Children) is a 1972 Telugu, drama film, produced by A. V. Subba Rao on Prasad Art Productions banner and directed by Tatineni Rama Rao.
 Starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Jayalalithaa in the lead roles and music composed by K. V. Mahadevan.
 The film is remake of Telugu Movie "Bratuku Theruvu" (1953), starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Savitri which was remade in Tamil as "Bale Raman" (1956) later remade as Hindi movie "Jeene Ki Raah" (1969) with Jeetendra, Tanuja after its success, the same was again remade as "Bharya Biddalu" and later in Tamil Movie as "Naan Yen Pirandhen" with M.G.R, Kanchana in the pivotal roles.
Utkarsha (Kannada: ಉತ್ಕರ್ಷ ) is a 1990 Kannada movie by Sunil Kumar Desai starring Devraj.
 The concept of the movie is based on "Jack the Ripper".
 2011 Hindi movie "Murder 2" which was unofficially based on the 2008 South Korean movie "The Chaser" also had a similar plotline.
Mangalya Balam (English: Power of Wedding Chain) is a 1959 Telugu drama film produced by D. Madhusudhana Rao under Annapurna Pictures and directed by Adurthi Subba Rao.
 Starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Savitri in the lead roles and music composed by Master Venu.
 The film is based on Aasapoorna Devi's Bengali novel "Agni Pariksha" which was simultaneously remade as Tamil Movie "Manjal Mahimai" (1959); both the movies are made simultaneously by same banner & director and some of the scenes & artists are same in both versions.
 Later remade as Hindi movie "Chhoti Si Mulaqat" (1967) with slight changes, starring Uttam Kumar, Vyjayanthimala in pivotal roles.
Vishnuvardhana is a 2011 Kannada comedy thriller film starring Sudeep, Bhavana Menon and Priyamani.
 The film was directed and written by P. Kumar, in his debut, and produced by actor Dwarakish.
 The film is supposedly a tribute to south superstar, Kannada Matinee idol Dr. Vishnuvardhan who was a friend of Dwarakish.
 The film's music was composed by V. Harikrishna.
 The film was released on 8 December 2011.
 The movie was dubbed in Hindi as "Mr. Mobile 2".
 The film was officially remade in Bengali as "Bachchan".
 The movie was reported to be inspired by the 2009 South Korean movie "Handphone" which the director had vehemently denied.
Manjal Mahimai (Tamil: மஞ்சள் மகிமை ; English: Power of Turmeric ) is a 1959 Tamil drama film, produced by D. Madhusudhana Rao under Annapurna Pictures and directed by Adurthi Subba Rao.
 Starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Savitri in the laed roles and music composed by Master Venu.
 The film is based on Aasapoorna Devi's Bengali novel Agni Pariksha which was first remade as Telugu movie Mangalya Balam (1958); both the movies are made simultaneously by same banner & director and some of the scenes & artists are same in both versions.
 It was later remade as Hindi movie "Chhoti Si Mulaqat" (1967) with slight changes, starring Uttam Kumar, Vyjayanthimala in pivotal roles
Dil Ek Mandir ('Heart is a Temple') is a 1963 Hindi movie directed by C. V. Sridhar.
 The film stars Rajendra Kumar, Meena Kumari, Raaj Kumar and Mehmood.
 The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan.
 Almost all the songs of the film were big hits and so was the film too.
 The film was a remake of Tamil film, "Nenjil Or Aalayam" (1962), also directed by C. V. Sridhar.
 This movie was later remade in Telugu as "Manase Mandiram" (1966) starring Akkineni Nageshwara Rao, Savithri and Kongara Jaggayya and also in Kannada as "Kumkuma Rakshe" (1977) starring Rajinikanth and Manjula and Malayalam as "Hridayam Oru Kshethram" (1976) starring Madhu and Srividya.
Fakira is a 1976 Hindi movie produced by N.N. Sippy and directed by C.P. Dixit.
 The film stars Shashi Kapoor, Shabana Azmi, Asrani, Aruna Irani, Danny Denzongpa, Asit Sen, Ramesh Deo and Madan Puri.
 The music is by Ravindra Jain.
 The film became a box office hit.
 The film's team of producer (N.N. Sippy), cast (Shashi Kapoor, Asrani, Danny Denzongpa, Madan Puri) and music composer (Ravindra Jain) had teamed together before for the box office hit "Chor Machaye Shor" (1974).
 "Fakira" was later remade into the Telugu film "Dongalaku Donga" (1978) starring Krishna and Jayaprada.
Murder 2 is a 2011 Indian psychological horror-slasher film and the quasi-sequel to the 2004 film, "Murder".
 It stars Emraan Hashmi, Jacqueline Fernandez and Prashant Narayanan and features Sulagna Panigrahi.
 Directed by Mohit Suri and produced by Mukesh Bhatt, the film released on 8 July 2011.
 The theatrical trailer of the film was revealed on 1 June 2011 and also in cinemas with "Ready".
 It was the second film in a series of quasi-sequels released under the Bhatt Banner including "Raaz – The Mystery Continues", "Jannat 2", "Jism 2", "Raaz 3D" and "", each of which had nothing to do with their respective prequels, but somehow fell into the same genre following a similar story.
 The film did well at the box office and was declared a "blockbuster" by Box Office India.
 It is one of the highest grossing Bollywood films of 2011.
 The movie is based on the 2008 South Korean movie "The Chaser"
Shanthi Nivasam is a 1960 Telugu drama film, produced by Sundarlal Nahatha, T. Ashwadanarayana under Sri Productions banner and directed by C. S. Rao.
 Starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Rajasulochana, Kantha Rao, Krishna Kumari, Devika in lead roles and music composed by Ghantasala.
 The film was remade in Hindi as Gharana (1961 film) and much later remade as Hindi Movie "Ghar Ghar Ki Kahani (1988).
 It was dubbed into Malayalam as "Shanthi Nivas" (1962).
