The large birch bright (Taleporia tubulosa) is a small nocturnal moth from the bagworm moth family (Psychidae).
 It is found locally in Europe, from southern Scotland, through west and central Europe, east up to Russia and the Balkans.
 In the north it is found in Fennoscandia.
 In mountainous areas it is found up to heights of 1,800 meters ASL.
Coquerel's giant mouse lemur ("Mirza coquereli"), also known as Coquerel's dwarf lemur or the southern giant mouse lemur, is a small nocturnal lemur endemic to Madagascar.
 This species was named after the French entomologist Charles Coquerel.
 This lemur can be found in parts of the Madagascar dry deciduous forests.
Fennec is a French animated series, about a Fennec fox of the same name who solves little mysteries in the peaceful town of Chewington.
 The series was based on the book collection "Pickpocket" written by Alexis Lecaye and published by Gallimard.
The fennec fox or fennec ("Vulpes zerda") is a small nocturnal fox found in the Sahara of North Africa.
 Its most distinctive feature is its unusually large ears, which also serve to dissipate heat.
 Its name comes from the Arabic word فنك ("fanak"), which means "fox", and the species name "zerda" comes from the Greek word "xeros" which means dry, referring to the fox's habitat.
 The fennec is the smallest species of canid.
 Its coat, ears, and kidney functions have adapted to high-temperature, low-water, desert environments.
 In addition, its hearing is sensitive enough to hear prey moving underground.
 It mainly eats insects, small mammals, and birds.
Lycophidion variegatum, also known as the variegated wolf snake, is a species of small nocturnal snake in the family Lamprophiidae.
 The species actively hunts lizards in small crevices, and is endemic to southern Africa.
The Prehistory of North Africa spans the period of earliest human presence in the region to the beginning of the Early Dynastic Period of Egypt in c. 3100 BC.
 North Africa is defined by the United Nations to consist of the seven countries or territories situated between the Sahara desert and the Mediterranean: Algeria, Egypt, Libya, Morocco, Sudan, Tunisia, and Western Sahara.
 Geographically, it can also be held to include the Saharan portions of Mauritania, Mali, Niger, and Chad.
 As modern humans are generally believed to originate in Africa, prehistoric North Africa may hold important clues in understanding the evolution and spread of Homo sapiens.
 Fossils excavated at the Jebel Irhoud site in Morocco have been dated to around 300,000 years ago, making these specimens the oldest anatomically modern humans that have been found.
The lesser iron-gray dwarf lemur (Cheirogaleus minusculus), or large iron-gray dwarf lemur, is a small nocturnal lemur endemic to Madagascar.
 It is nocturnal and an arboreal quadruped, and is not very agile.
 It produces three types of vocalisation: a squeak, which is high in pitch and is produced with the mouth closed, and is used between infants and their mothers; a whistle, which is higher in pitch than the squeak, so it is hard to hear with human ears, and is used as a communicative and possibly territorial call; and a grunt, which is usually given in series and is very powerful, used when an individual is being attacked in its nest.
North Africa is a relatively thin strip of land between the Sahara desert and the Mediterranean, stretching from Moroccan Atlantic coast to Egypt and Sudan.
 The region comprises seven countries or territories; Algeria, Egypt, Libya, Morocco, Sudan, Tunisia, and Western Sahara.
 The history of the region is a mix of influences from many different cultures.
 The development of sea travel firmly brought the region into the Mediterranean world, especially during the classical period.
 In the 1st millennium AD, the Sahara became an equally important area for trade as the camel caravans brought goods and people from the south.
 The region also has a small but crucial land link to the Middle East, and that area has also played a central role in the history of North Africa.
Fennec is a large-scale, international, multi-institutional, multi-platform, observational, modelling and satellite climate program in the Saharan Heat Low region (southern Algeria, eastern Morocco, Northern Mauritania, Northern Mali and Northern Niger).
 The Saharan Heat Low is a key component of the West African Monsoon and is the location of the largest mineral aerosol loadings on the planet in the northern summer.
 The inhospitable, vast area of the Heat Low has virtually no routine meteorological observations.
 Knowledge of the key atmospheric processes in this important region is therefore very limited and this knowledge deficit results in reduced performance of both weather and climate prediction in and well beyond the north/west African region.
 The Fennec project is designed to address this knowledge deficit.
 It is the first major climate program in the central Sahara.
 The ideas for Fennec, which is a British, French and German initiative, grew out of the African Multidisciplinary Monsoon Analysis (AMMA).
 Fennec is the project name – it is not an acronym.
The northern giant mouse lemur ("Mirza zaza"), or northern dwarf lemur, is a species of lemur discovered in 2005.
 Previously, both populations of giant mouse lemurs were believed to belong to one species.
 The northern giant mouse lemurs are small nocturnal lemurs endemic to Madagascar.
 They weigh about 300 g , and have long, bushy tails and relatively small ears.
 Their large testicles are an indication of their promiscuous copulation system.
 These lemurs have been found to use communal sleeping nests including multiple males, which is an uncommon behaviour in lemurs.
