The Hotel Grand Chancellor is a twelve-storey hotel located on the waterfront of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia The hotel opened in 1987 as the Sheraton and has since been taken over by the Grand Hotels International group.
 The Grand Chancellor is home to the Restaurant Tasman, the Atrium Bar, Strickland Gallery and Zenica Hairdressing.
 The hotel has a pool, a gym and a sauna on site for guest usage.
Jakob Ragaz (29 September 1846 - 27 May 1922) was a Swiss architect.
 He is best known for his work on a series of "grand hotels" built in connection with the Swiss tourism boom during the second half of the nineteenth century.
The Langham, London is one of the largest and best known traditional style grand hotels in London.
 It is in the district of Marylebone on Langham Place and faces up Portland Place towards Regent's Park.
 It is a member of the "Leading Hotels of the World" marketing consortium.
Mount Pleasant House was a grand hotel in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, in the area of Bretton Woods.
 It was built in 1875 and opened in 1876.
 Mount Pleasant House was one of three grand hotels in the area at the time during the early stages of an era of epic hotel building and more came soon after.
 The other early grand hotels in Bretton Woods were White Mountain House and Fabyan House.
The Dom-Hotel is a five-star hotel in Cologne, Germany, located on Roncalliplatz in Innenstadt.
 The hotel is named after Cologne Cathedral (the "Dom"), which is its direct neighbour.
 The hotels is one of the oldest grand hotels in Europe; its location and history make it one of the city's most prominent buildings.
Andrea Perego is an Italo-Australian journalist and writer.
 After living in Sydney, he is now working on projects in Venice and Berlin.
 In Australia he worked as a broadcaster for SBS Radio, doing reports that had wide resonance, such as the one about the murder of two Swiss Guards in the Vatican.
The Wentworth by the Sea is a historic grand resort hotel in New Castle, New Hampshire, United States.
 It is managed by Marriott as "Wentworth by the Sea, A Marriott Hotel & Spa".
 It is one of a handful of the state's surviving Gilded Age grand hotels, and the last located on the seacoast.
The G59 – 1st Swiss Horticulture Exhibition was the first of two Swiss horticulture exhibitions up until now.
 It took place from April 25 to October 11, 1959 in Zurich and covered an area of about 37 acres on the right and left banks of lower Lake Zurich.
 The two separate halves of the exposition were connected by commuter ferries and a specially created cable car.
The Occidental Hotel opened in 1861 in San Francisco, California.
 It was destroyed in the San Francisco earthquake and subsequent fire of 1906.
 It was one of the many hotels named Occidental in the United States, and it was among the few luxury hotels in San Francisco that catered to wealthy travelers.
 Operating in the years that roughly coincided with the end of the California Gold Rush and the beginning of silver mining in Nevada, the Occidental Hotel was among the new, grand hotels in San Francisco.
 In the exclusive hotel market, along with the Occidental were the Lick House, the Russ House, the Cosmopolitan, the Grand, the Palace, and the Baldwin.
Canada’s railway hotels are a series of five-star grand hotels across the country, each a local and national landmark, and most of which are icons of Canadian history and architecture.
 Each hotel was originally built by the Canadian railway companies, or the railways acted as a catalyst for the hotel’s construction.
 The hotels were designed to serve the passengers of the country's then expanding rail network and they celebrated rail travel in style.
