Downers Grove South High School, or DGS, and locally referred to as "South," is a public four-year high school located at the corner of Dunham Road and 63rd Street in Downers Grove, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 It is part of Community High School District 99, which also includes Downers Grove North High School.
 The South campus draws students from Downers Grove (south of 55th St.), the majority of Woodridge, half of Darien (west of Cass Ave.), and small sections of Bolingbrook and Westmont.
Community High School District 99 is a local school district serving Downers Grove, Woodridge, Westmont, Darien, Lisle, Bolingbrook, and Oak Brook in the state of Illinois.
 A non-residential portion of Lombard also is zoned to this district.
 It consists of two high schools, North High School and South High School, both located in Downers Grove.
 The current Superintendent of this district is Henry Thiele, a position formerly held by Dr. Mark McDonald.
Downers Grove North High School, or DGN, and locally referred to as "Downers North" or "North", is a public four-year high school located near the corner of Main Street and Ogden Avenue in Downers Grove, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 It is part of Community High School District 99, which also includes Downers Grove South High School.
 The North campus draws students from Downers Grove (north of 55th St.), and small sections of Woodridge, Oak Brook, and Westmont.
Downers Grove Main Street (also known as Downers Grove or Main Street) is one of three railroad stations on Metra's BNSF Railway Line in Downers Grove, Illinois, United States.
 The station is at Main Street, 21.1 mi from Union Station, the east end of the line.
 The local police department is nearby.
 Parking lots are managed by the Village of Downers Grove.
Fairview Avenue is one of three railroad stations on Metra's BNSF Railway Line in Downers Grove, Illinois.
 The station is 20.3 mi from Union Station, the east end of the line.
 Though its official address is on Fairview Avenue (hence the name) and Burlington Avenue, the main parking lot is on the south side of the tracks off of nearby Second Street.
 All parking lots, including the main parking lot are managed by the Village of Downers Grove.
The Downers Grove Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays in Downers Grove, Illinois.
The Downers Grove train wreck happened on April 3, 1947, at the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad station in Downers Grove, Illinois.
 The "Twin Zephyr", a high-speed inter-city passenger train, struck a tractor which had fallen from a freight train only seconds before.
 Three died and over thirty were injured in the wreck.
Downers Grove is a 1999 American coming-of-age horror novel by Michael Hornburg.
 Its plot centers on the last two weeks of teenage girl's life as a high school student growing up in Downers Grove, Illinois.
 The novel was originally published by William Morrow and Company in 1999, and reprinted in 2001 by Grove Press.
Classic Cinemas is the largest Illinois based movie theatre chain.
 Headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois it operates 14 locations with 111 screens (as of May 2017) under Tivoli Enterprises, Inc. ownership.
 Its first theatre and company namesake is the restored single-screen Tivoli, which has over 1000 seats, in Downers Grove, Illinois.
The Curse of Downers Grove is an American thriller film written by Bret Easton Ellis.
 The film is based on the 1999 novel "Downers Grove" by Michael Hornburg, the film stars Kevin Zegers, Bella Heathcote, Penelope Mitchell, Lucas Till, Zane Holtz, Helen Slater, and Tom Arnold.
 The film received a limited theatrical release on August 21, 2015 and a subsequent DVD/Blu-Ray release on September 1, 2015.
