Ultimate Hits: Rock and Roll Never Forgets is a compilation album by American rock singer–songwriter Bob Seger.
 The double-disc album was released on November 21, 2011 and contains 26 remastered tracks from throughout Seger's career, which spans more than four decades.
 Included are the original mono version of "Ramblin' Gamblin' Man", Seger's first hit with The Bob Seger System from 1968, the classic Christmas song "The Little Drummer Boy" from 1987's "A Very Special Christmas", which makes its first appearance on a Seger album, and previously unreleased cover versions of Tom Waits' "Downtown Train" and Little Richard's "Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey (Going Back to Birmingham)."
 There is also a Walmart exclusive edition that includes the bonus track "Living Inside My Heart," a song from the soundtrack of the 1986 film "About Last Night...", which has also never before been released on any Bob Seger album.
 Two songs on this compilation album are edited compared to the original releases: "We've Got Tonight" is the single edit, which is about one minute shorter than the album version, and "Katmandu" is a newly edited version which omits the second verse, making the song also about one minute shorter compared to the original album version.
 In the US it was certified gold and platinum in June 2013 by the RIAA.
"Elvis Is Dead" is a song by Living Colour featuring Little Richard and Maceo Parker off the album "Time's Up".
 Before, during, and after Little Richard's guest rap performance, many voices speak the song title, concluded by one announcing, "Elvis has left the building!"
 After, the band twisted the line "Maybe I've a reason to believe we all will be received in Graceland" from Paul Simon's "Graceland" to yield the refrain, "I've got a reason to believe we all won't be received at Graceland."
 They also quote Public Enemy's "Fight the Power" in stating, "Elvis was a hero to most," but diverge in adding, "But that's beside the point."
Here's Little Richard is the debut album from Little Richard, released on March 1957.
 He had scored six Top 40 hits the previous year, some of which were included on this recording.
 It was his highest charting album, at 13 on the "Billboard" Pop Albums chart.
 The album contained two of Richard's biggest hits, "Long Tall Sally", which reached #6 in the U.S. Pop charts, and "Jenny, Jenny", which reached #10 in the U.S. Pop charts.
"Tutti Frutti" (meaning "all fruits" in Italian) is a song written by Little Richard along with Dorothy LaBostrie that was recorded in 1955 and became his first major hit record.
 With its opening cry of "A-wop-bop-a-loo-bop-a-wop-bam-boom!"
 (a verbal rendition of a drum pattern that Little Richard had imagined) and its hard-driving sound and wild lyrics, it became not only a model for many future Little Richard songs, but also a model for rock and roll itself.
 The song introduced several of rock music's most characteristic musical features, including its loud volume and vocal style emphasizing power, and its distinctive beat and rhythm.
"Clumsy" is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album, "The Dutchess" (2006).
 The song was released as the album's fifth single on September 25, 2007.
 It was written by Fergie, Bobby Troup and will.i.am, who also produced the track.
 It was partially recorded in Los Angeles and in the John Lennon Educational Tour Bus.
 "Clumsy" is a pop, bubblegum pop and R&B song.
 The song's lyrics about being clumsy and in love flow alongside its computerized and bleeping beat taken from "The Bubble Bunch" by Jimmy Spicer, as well as a sample of "The Girl Can't Help It", originally performed by Little Richard.
"Jenny, Jenny" is a 1957 song written by American musician Little Richard and Enotris Johnson and recorded and released by Little Richard.
 It was featured on Penniman's debut album, "Here's Little Richard" and peaked at number ten on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and reached number two on the Hot Rhythm and Blues Singles chart.
"Rip It Up" is a song written by Robert Blackwell and John Marascalco.
 It was first released by Little Richard in June, 1956.
 Bill Haley and his Comets also released a recording of the song that year.
 The Little Richard version hit number one on the R&B Best Sellers chart for two weeks and peaked at number 17 on the pop chart.
 The Bill Haley and the Comets recording reached number twenty five on the "Billboard" pop singles chart and number four in the UK.
 Bill Haley and the Comets also performed their version of the song in the 1956 film "Don't Knock the Rock", in which Little Richard also appeared.
Cliff Richard's, debut album "Cliff" was released in April 1959 and reached No. 4 in the UK album chart.
 A rock album, it was recorded live at Abbey Road Studios in February 1959 with The Shadows, then known as The Drifters, in front of an invited audience of 200 to 300 fans.
 It features live recordings of Cliff's own hit single "Move It" and both sides of the yet to be released Drifters' instrumental single "Jet Black"/"Driftin'" as well as a number of rock 'n' roll standards, particularly of Elvis Presley songs, others include, Buddy Holly, Little Richard, Jerry Lee Lewis, Roy Orbison and Gene Vincent
The King of Rock and Roll is Little Richard's second album for Reprise Records, a follow-up album that contained one original Little Richard song, the gospel rock "In the Name" and a new song co-written by Producer H. B. Barnum, "Green Power", the single release; and versions of tracks by artists as diverse as Hank Williams, The Temptations, Martha and the Vandellas, Three Dog Night, and The Rolling Stones.
 The title track, a mock braggadocio that referenced Tom Jones, Elvis Presley, Ike & Tina Turner, Sly and the Family Stone, and Aretha Franklin, amongst others, upset some fans, although the album's title tune got good airplay in New York - a 1950s style jump blues, with an exceptional Little Richard shouting vocal!
 But fans and critics were further upset that the album did not feature acoustic piano and that most tracks were badly mixed, with an intrusive girl group chorus.
"Long Tall Sally" is a rock and roll 12-bar blues song written by Robert "Bumps" Blackwell, Enotris Johnson, and Little Richard; recorded by Little Richard; and released in March 1956 on the Specialty Records label.
