Nestor Vasilievich Kukolnik (Russian: Нестор Васильевич Кукольник ) (1809–1868) was a Russian playwright and prose writer of Carpatho-Rusyn origin.
 Immensely popular during the early part of his career, his works were subsequently dismissed as sententious and sentimental.
 Today, he is best remembered for having contributed to the libretto of the first Russian opera, "A Life for the Tsar" by Mikhail Glinka.
 Glinka also set many of his lyrics to music.
The King is Dancing (Le Roi danse) is a 2000 costume drama by Belgian filmmaker Gérard Corbiau based on Philippe Beaussant's biography of Jean-Baptiste Lully, "Lully ou le musicien du soleil" (1992).
 The film, presenting libertine and pagan Lully as a natural ally of the early Enlightenment figure Louis XIV of France in his conflicts with the Catholic establishment, focuses on Lully's personal relationship with the King, as well as his camaraderie with Molière and rivalry with Robert Cambert.
Jean-Louis Lully (24 September 1667 – 23 December 1688) was a French musician and composer.
 He was born in Paris, the youngest son of Jean-Baptiste Lully.
Isis is a French opera ("tragédie en musique") in a prologue and five acts with music by Jean-Baptiste Lully and a libretto by Philippe Quinault, based on Ovid's "Metamorphoses".
 The fifth of Lully's collaborations with Quinault, it was first performed on 5 January 1677 before the royal court of Louis XIV at the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye and in August received a run of public performances at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal.
 It was Lully's first published score (partbooks in 1677); a full score was published in 1719.
Louis Lully (Paris, 4 August 1664 – 1 April 1734) was a French musician and the eldest son of Jean-Baptiste Lully.
Pascal Collasse (or Colasse) (22 January 1649 (baptised) – 17 July 1709) was a French composer of the Baroque era.
 Born in Rheims, Collasse became a disciple of Jean-Baptiste Lully during the latter's domination of the French operatic stage.
 When Lully died in 1687 leaving his tragédie en musique "Achille et Polyxène" unfinished, Collasse completed the last four acts of the score.
 He went on to produce around a dozen operas and ballets, as well as sacred music, including settings of the "Cantiques spirituels" of Jean Racine.
 His plan to establish his own opera house in Lille ended in failure when the theatre burnt down.
 He dabbled in alchemy with even less success.
 His musical style is close to that of Lully.
Kamarinskaya (Russian: камаринская ) is a Russian traditional folk dance, which is mostly known today as the Russian composer Mikhail Glinka's composition of the same name.
 Glinka's "Kamarinskaya", written in 1848, was the first orchestral work based entirely on Russian folk song and to use the compositional principles of that genre to dictate the form of the music.
 It became a touchstone for the following generation of Russian composers ranging from the Western-oriented Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky to the group of nationalists known collectively as The Five and was also lauded abroad, most notably by French composer Hector Berlioz.
Jean-Baptiste Lully fils (Paris, 6 August 1665 – 9 March 1743) was a French musician and the second son of the composer Jean-Baptiste Lully.
 He was also known as Baptiste Lully, Lully fils, and Monsieur Baptiste.
 He was born and died in Paris.
The Great Glinka (Russian: Глинка , "Glinka " ) is a 1946 Soviet biopic film directed by Lev Arnshtam.
 The film is about Mikhail Glinka, a Russian composer of the 19th century.
 The film was awarded the Stalin Prize of II degree (1947) and it was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
Acis et Galatée ("Acis and Galatea") is an opera by Jean-Baptiste Lully.
 Unlike most of his operas, which are designated "tragédies en musique", Lully called this work a "pastorale-héroïque", because it was on a pastoral theme and had only three acts (plus a prologue) compared to the usual five.
 Otherwise, there is little musically or dramatically to distinguish it from Lully's "tragédies".
