The North Shore Knights are a minor professional ice hockey team in the Federal Hockey League based out of Kingsville, Ontario.
 The Knights play the majority of their home games at the Kingsville Arena Complex during their first season.
 The team will also play home games in several other cities in Ontario and Quebec.
The 2005–06 West Indian cricket season includes all domestic cricket matches played by senior teams with first class status in the West Indies between October 2005 and March 2006, and also the international feats of the West Indies team, who is not scheduled to play any home games during this period but are to play home matches during April, May and June 2006.
 The season began on 2005-10-03 with the first matches of the one-day KFC Cup, and is scheduled to last until 2006-03-19 when England A depart after their tour which will include one-day and first class matches against the West Indies A team.
 The West Indies will not play any home Tests during their home season, but they have toured Australia (losing the 3-Test series 0–3), and toured New Zealand in February and March, immediately after the conclusion of the 2005-06 Carib Beer Cup, the first class competition.
The Miami Marlins (originally the Florida Marlins from 1993 until 2011) are a professional baseball team that has been based in Miami Gardens, Florida since becoming an expansion team in .
 The Marlins are a member of both the Major League Baseball's (MLB) National League Eastern Division and the National League (NL) itself.
 For the first 19 seasons, the Marlins played their home games at Sun Life Stadium.
 Beginning with the season, the Marlins play home games at Marlins Park in Little Havana.
The 1945–46 Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball team represented Georgetown University during the 1945-46 NCAA Division I college basketball season.
 Ken Engles coached it in his only season as head coach.
 It played its home games on the campus of The Catholic University of America at Brookland Gymnasium in Washington, D.C., the only Georgetown team to play home games there with the exception of the 1946-47 team, which played four games there the following season.
The Adelaide Comets FC are a soccer club based in Adelaide, South Australia.
 The club competes in the National Premier Leagues South Australia.
 They are based in Adelaide's western suburb of Mile End and play home games at Santos Stadium.
Flavio de Jesús Santos (born March 1, 1987) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a forward for Dorados de Sinaloa in the Ascenso MX.
The Bahama All-Pro Show were a basketball team representing The Bahamas, and playing their home games in Miami, Florida, U.S.
 They played sporadically in the new American Basketball Association (ABA) beginning in the 2007–2008 season.
 The team was intended as a showcase for Bahamian players, and organizers hoped to eventually play home games in the Bahamas.
 However internal instability caused the team to miss many of its games and suspend operations after the 2008–2009 season.
Sandringham Soccer Club is an Australian soccer club based in Sandringham, Victoria.
 Their men's team currently compete in State League 2 South-East, after being promoted from State League 3 South-East in 2014.
 While their women's team play in the top tier of women's football in Victoria, the Women's Premier League.
 The men's team play home games at RJ Sillitoe Reserve, whereas as the women play home games at Kingston Heath Soccer Complex.
The Duluth Huskies are an amateur baseball team playing in the Northwoods League, a collegiate summer baseball league.
 They have been operating in Duluth, Minnesota since 2003.
 The Huskies play home games at Wade Stadium in Duluth, which was built in 1941.
 The team plays 72 games throughout the summer, 36 home and 36 away.
 The team mascot is Harley D. Huskie.
 Huskies Games are streamed on Northwoods League TV.
Sheffield Wednesday Ladies F.C., often abbreviated to SWLFC and nicknamed "The Owls", are a women's and girls football club based in South Yorkshire, England.
 They play home games at Sheffield Hallam University Sports park, Bawtry road, Sheffield S9 1UA and the First team play their games currently in the North East Regional League and are affiliated to the professional men's club Sheffield Wednesday F.C. They also have a 2nd Reserve team and a 3rd senior Development team that play currently in the Sheffield & Hallamshire Women's County League.
 The 10 teams that make up the junior section all play within the Sheffield & Hallamshire Girl's County League (SHGCL).
