Chiang Kai-shek (October 31, 1887 – April 5, 1975), also romanized as Chiang Chieh-shih and known as Chiang Chungcheng, was a Chinese statesman, political and military leader who served as the leader of the Republic of China.
Wang Kunlun (1902–1985), birth name Wang Ruyu, was a Chinese politician who held high-profile positions, at different times, in both the Nationalist and Communist parties.
 Born 1902 in Baoding, Hebei province to a wealthy household, he participated in the May Fourth Movement while studying at Peking University and became involved with Chinese revolutionaries, at one point meeting in person with Dr. Sun Yat-sen.
 He joined the Nationalist party as a left-leaning member and served as Chief Secretary of the Political Department of the Headquarters of the National Revolutionary Army during the Northern Expedition, but became disillusioned with Chiang Kai-shek's leadership after Chiang initiated a major crackdown against Communists in April 1927.
 He subsequently joined the Communist Party in secret and used his political positions within the Nationalist government to aid the Communists.
 He was among a group of members of the Kuomintang who broke away to form the Revolutionary Committee of the Kuomintang in 1948.
 He would serve various government positions after the Communist victory, including vice-mayor of Beijing and vice-chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
The Battle of Yiwu (伊吾) is also called the Battle to Defend Yiwu (伊吾保卫战) by the Communist Party of China, and resulted in the communist victory.
 After the local nationalist commanders in Xinjiang defected to the communist side, many nationalists loyal to Chiang Kai-shek refused to join the communists, and one detachment of these loyal nationalists decided to take the town of Yiwu to turn it into a guerrilla base in order to fight on until the eventual return of Chiang.
The Campaign to Defend Siping (四平保卫战) was a struggle between the Nationalists and the communists for the control of Siping during the Chinese Civil War in the post World War II era.
 The nationalists have combined this campaign with the Battle of Siping as part of the battle, but this was rather misleading since the strategies for both sides were totally different from the strategies in this campaign and unrelated to each other, furthermore, the commanders for both sides in this campaign were completely different from the Battle of Siping.
 More importantly, the nationalists in the Battle of Siping was in name only, because they were former nationalists (mostly warlords ostensively under nationalist reign) turned Japanese puppet regime forces who rejoined the nationalists after World War II, and the local bandits recruited by the nationalist administrators to fight off communists, since Chiang Kai-shek’s nationalist regime simply did not have the resource to rapidly deploy his forces into the region.
 In fact, in the Battle of Siping, Chiang’s own force did not even participated in the fights.
 This campaign was characterized by the fact that the supreme commanders of both sides had overestimated their strength and set unrealistic goals that could doom their troops in the field, but in both cases, the brilliant frontline commanders on both sides had successfully averted the potential catastrophes by convincing their respective supreme commanders to change their original decisions.
Soong Mei-ling or Soong May-ling (; March 5, 1898 – October 23, 2003), also known as Madame Chiang Kai-shek or Madame Chiang, was a Chinese political figure who was First Lady of the Republic of China (ROC), the wife of Generalissimo and President Chiang Kai-shek.
 Soong played a prominent role in the politics of the Republic of China and was the sister-in-law of Sun Yat-sen, the founder and the leader of the Republic of China.
 She was active in the civic life of her country and held many honorary and active positions, including chairman of Fu Jen Catholic University.
 During the Second Sino-Japanese War she rallied her people against the Japanese invasion and in 1942 conducted a speaking tour of the United States to gain support.
 She was also the youngest and the last surviving of the three Soong sisters, and the only first lady during World War II (aside from Queen Elizabeth, 1900-2002) who lived into the 21st century.
 Her life extended into three centuries.
Zhongzheng or Chungcheng () is a common name for places, roads, schools or organizations in Chinese-speaking areas, though today predominantly in Taiwan.
 The majority of these places and things are named after Chiang Chung-cheng, the preferred given name of Chiang Kai-shek.
 As a result, when translating into English or other non-Chinese languages, it sometimes would be replaced by "Chiang Kai-shek" instead of simply by transliteration.
John Chiang or Chiang Hsiao-yen (; born March 1, 1942), formerly surnamed Chang (), is a Kuomintang politician in Taiwan.
 He is the grandson of Chiang Kai-shek, former leader of the Republic of China.
General Albert Coady Wedemeyer (July 9, 1897 – December 17, 1989) was a United States Army commander who served in Asia during World War II from October 1943 to the end of the war.
 Previously, he was an important member of the War Planning Board which formulated plans for the Invasion of Normandy.
 He was General George Marshall's chief consultant when in the Spring of 1942 he traveled to London with General Marshall and a small group of American military men to consult with the British in an effort to convince the British to support the cross channel invasion.
 Wedemeyer was a staunch anti-communist.
 While in China during the years 1944 to 1945 he was Chiang Kai-shek's Chief of Staff and commanded all American forces in China.
 Wedemeyer supported Chiang's struggle against Mao Zedong and in 1947 President Truman sent him back to China to render a report on what actions the United States should take.
 During the Cold War, Wedemeyer was a chief supporter of the Berlin Airlift.
Chang Ya-jo (; 1913–1942; sometimes romanized as "Chang Ya-juo" or "Chang Yaruo") was the mistress of Chiang Ching-kuo () and bore twin sons for him, John Chiang () and Winston Chang () in 1942.
 She met Chiang when she was working at a training camp for enlistees in the fight against Japan while he was serving as the head of Gannan Prefecture.
The First Battle of Eora Creek – Templeton's Crossing was fought from 31 August 1942 to 5 September 1942.
 Forming part of the Kokoda Track campaign of the Second World War, the battle involved military forces from Australia, supported by the United States, fighting against Japanese troops from Major General Tomitaro Horii's South Seas Detachment who had landed in Papua in mid-1942, with the intent of capturing Port Moresby.
 The battle was one of three defensive actions fought by the Australians along the Kokoda Track.
 The fighting resulted in the delay of the Japanese advance south, which allowed the Australians to withdraw to Efogi.
 Eora Creek village and Templeton's Crossing was subsequently the site of a battle in late October 1942 as the Australian forces pursued the Japanese forces retiring back toward the north coast of Papua.
