Transformative social change is a philosophical, practical and strategic process to affect revolutionary change within society, i.e., social transformation.
 It is effectively a systems approach applied to broad-based social change and social justice efforts to catalyze sociocultural, socioeconomic and political revolution.
 In seeking to integrate and then politicize personal development and social development as an overarching approach to social change at multiple levels, addressing a wide range of issues, using holistic, nonviolent methods, it may be best classified as a new social movement.
 Rather than focus on particular issue(s), it seeks to impact the culture of left of center social movement and organizing work.
 However, by considering the dismantling of and liberation from oppressive systems, including economic, as core to its goal, it defies even definitions put forth for new social movements.
 As a comprehensive approach to progressive social change, it seeks distinguishes to itself from the "ordinary" change of conventional social change, social justice and their respective organizing practices by placing emphasis on personal, organizational and social systemic change that cannot be undone, or "deep change".
¡Democracia Real YA!
 (DRY , Spanish for "Real Democracy NOW!")
, also known as Plataforma Democracia Real Ya!
 ("Real Democracy NOW Platform!")
, is a grassroots citizens' organization that was started in March 2011 in Spain.
 It sparked the political movement of May 15, 2011 ("15M") whose protests gained worldwide attention.
 The protests been compared to the May 1968 social movement in France. "
¡Democracia Real YA!"
 is associated with approximately 200 smaller organizations.
 ¡Democracia Real YA!
 states in its manifesto that it is a broad social movement, dedicated to nonviolent protest, and that maintains no affiliation with any political party or labor union.
 It has not appointed any single leader and is unwilling to join any of the existing political bodies.
 It is, however, not an entirely apolitical movement, (see: ).
 ¡Democracia Real YA!
 considers the current political and economic system incapable of listening to and representing its citizens and therefore demands changes to the current social and economic policies, which have led many people into unemployment, loss of their homes, and poverty.
 The organization denounces the way big businesses and banks dominate the political and economic sphere and aims to propose a series of solutions to these problems through grassroots participatory democracy and direct democracy, which is based on people's assemblies and consensus decision making.
 The movement drew inspiration from the 2009 Icelandic financial crisis protests, the Arab Spring, the 2010–2011 Greek protests and the 2010-2011 revolutions in Tunisia.
A countermovement in sociology means a social movement opposed to another social movement.
 Whenever one social movement starts up, another group establishes themselves to undermine the previous group.
 Many social movements start out as an effect of political activism towards issues that a group disagrees with.
 “Researchers have used resource mobilization to study all manner of social and political movements such as environmentalism, father's rights groups, religious movements, and abortion rights”.
 The reason for the start of countermovement groups is that people are competing for resources for political influence.
 Countermovement groups are a part of American society that try to compete for government legislation to support their own views.
Social movement impact theory (otherwise known as outcome theory) is a subcategory of social movement theory, and focuses on assessing the impacts that social movements have on society, as well as what factors might have led to those effects.
Social movement unionism (SMU) is a trend of theory and practice in contemporary trade unionism.
 Strongly associated with the labour movements of developing countries, social movement unionism is distinct from many other models of trade unionism because it concerns itself with more than organizing workers around workplace issues, pay and terms and conditions.
 It engages in wider political struggles for human rights, social justice and democracy.
 Social movement unionism grew out of political struggles in developing countries and was theorized as a distinct industrial relations model in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
In social movement theory, a social movement organization (often capitalized in academic literature as Social Movement Organization or abbreviated as SMO) is an organized component of a social movement (SM).
 SMO usually is only part of a particular social movement; in other words, a specific social movement is usually composed of many social movement organizations – formal organizations that share movement's goals.
 Social movement organizations usually have coordinating roles in social movements, but do not actually employ or direct most of the participants, who are part of a wider social movement community.
 Social movement organizations carry out the tasks that are necessary for any social movement to survive and to be successful.
John Edward Chilberg II (September 24, 1929 in California – March 2, 1987 in Los Angeles, California, United States) was a noted American production designer and art director.
 John is mostly known as the art director in "" at Paramount Pictures, and his work in television series like "Dragnet", "Dynasty", "The Colbys", and miniseries as "Rich Man, Poor Man".
 He was mostly credited as: John E. Chilberg II, and sometimes credited as: Jack E. Chilberg II, Jack Chilberg, John E. Childberg II, John Chilberg, John E. Chilberg, John E. Childberg, John Childberg, Jack Childberg.
 John was very productive in his work between 1968 and 1986.
 He died in 1987, aged 57, in Los Angeles, California.
A revolutionary movement (or revolutionary social movement) is a specific type of social movement dedicated to carrying out a revolution.
 Charles Tilly defines it as "a social movement advancing exclusive competing claims to control of the state, or some segment of it".
 Jeff Goodwin and James M. Jasper define it more simply (and consistently with other works) as "a social movement that seeks, as minimum, to overthrow the government or state".
John E. EchoHawk (Pawnee) is a Native American attorney and founder of Native American Rights Fund (NARF), established in 1970.
 He is a leading member of the Native American self-determination movement.
The Third Wave was an experimental social movement created by California high school history teacher Ron Jones to explain how the German population could accept the actions of the Nazi regime during the Second World War.
 While he taught his students about Nazi Germany during his "Contemporary World History" class, Jones found it difficult to explain how the German people could accept the actions of the Nazis, and decided to create a social movement as a demonstration of the appeal of fascism.
 Over the course of five days, Jones conducted a series of exercises in his classroom emphasizing discipline and community, intended to model certain characteristics of the Nazi movement.
 As the movement grew outside his class and began to number in the hundreds, Jones began to feel that the movement had spiraled out of control.
 He convinced the students to attend a rally where he claimed the announcement of a Third Wave presidential candidate would be televised.
 Upon their arrival, the students were presented with a blank channel.
 Jones told his students of the true nature of the movement as an experiment in fascism, and presented to them a short film discussing the actions of Nazi Germany.
