Rajesh Gopinathan (born 1971) is the CEO and Managing Director of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).
 Rajesh took over as the CEO of TCS on February 21, 2017, prior to which he was CFO and Vice President of TCS.
 Born in 1971, Rajesh is one of the youngest CEOs of the Tata Group.
Natarajan Chandrasekaran (born 1963) is the chairman of Tata Sons.
 Chandrasekaran took over as the CEO of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) on November 6, 2009 prior to which he was COO and executive director of TCS.
 Born in 1963, Chandra is one of the youngest CEOs within the Tata Group.
 In January 2017, he was selected to become the next chairman of Tata Sons.
 He assumed chairmanship on 21 February 2017 and soon after was announced the chairman of Tata Motors.
 on July 3, he was appointed as chairman of Tata Global Beverages.
 He is the first non Parsi and professional executive to head the Tata Group.
CMC Limited was an information technology services, consulting and software company having its headquarters in New Delhi, India.
 CMC is part of the TATA Group and is owned by Tata Consultancy Services.
 CMC was incorporated on 26 December 1975, as the 'Computer Management Corporation Private Limited'.
 The Government of India held 100 per cent of the equity share capital and owned by government of India.
 On 19 August 1977, it was converted into a public limited company.
 In October 2001, CMC was privatized by the Government of India, in a sale to India-based Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), the largest software services company in Asia.
 It also features on top ten companies in India.
Tata Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd is a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise (WFOE) operated by Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. in China.
 Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) commenced its operations through its wholly owned foreign enterprise in Shanghai in June, 2002.
 Subsequently, TCS has set up a global development center in Hangzhou and a liaison office in Beijing.
 In fact, TCS is the first Indian company to set up a development center in China.
 Tata Consultancy Services in China is the first CMMI & PCMM Level 5 Company in China.
Dr. Lalit Kanodia (born March 30, 1941) is an Indian business entrepreneur, credited with having created the software industry of India as the Founder CEO of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), earlier called Tata Computer Center during 1967-1970.
 He is currently Chairman of Datamatics Group of Companies which he founded in 1975.
 He also holds the position of National President of the Indo - American Chamber of Commerce and Vice President of the Indian Merchants Chamber, both prestigious organizations of the Indian business community.
 He has also served as President of the Management Consultants Association of India.
LC Singh is the Vice Chairman and CEO of Nihilent Technologies Ltd.
, a global integrated change management company headquartered at Pune, India.
 Singh founded Nihilent in the year 2000.
 Singh is an alumnus of the Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University) ,Varanasi] and Harvard Business School, and has contributed significantly towards building the Indian IT brand worldwide.
 Singh performed key roles at Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).
 At the time of leaving the company, he was the Senior Vice President, in charge of operations for UK, South Africa and the Middle East.
 He briefly worked with Zensar Technologies as President and CEO.
 He is the author of Nihilent's patented change management framework MC³ and 14Signals (a patented framework on Customer Loyalty Evaluation).
 He is an internationally internationally recognized thought leader on design & systems thinking, and is an invited speaker at global conferences on Design Thinking, Change Management, and Digital Disruption.
 Singh is a Fellow of The Institute of Management Consultants of India (IMCI) and Computer Society of India (CSI).
 He scripted and produced the movie Banaras, A mystic love story.
 He continues to be a student of ontology and epistemology
Faqir Chand Kohli (born 28 February 1924) popularly known as F. C. Kohli is an Indian industrialist.
 He is frequently referred to as the "Father of the Indian Software Industry" due to his significant contribution in Indian IT industry.
 He was the founder and first CEO of Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest software consultancy company.
 He has also worked as the deputy general manager of the Tata Power Company.
 He is also on the board of governors of College of Engineering, Pune.
Surya "Sury" Kant is the President of TCS North American, UK and Europe operations based in New York City.
 Tata Consultancy Services Limited (TCS) is the largest global information technology consulting and services company headquartered in India.
 TCS is currently (June 2015) the second most valuable IT services company in the world by market-cap.
 According to the TCS results for the Financial Year 2014-15, TCS North America contributed over half (53%) of the total TCS revenues.
 It has crossed a significant milestone of two billion dollars revenues per quarter.
 Apart from growth in business, TCS today has a number of large delivery centers in North America, including a sprawling campus of 220 acres at Cincinnati, OH, a Business Process Service Center at Midland, MI and a Solutions Center at Minneapolis, MN.
Tata Consultancy Services Limited (TCS) is an Indian multinational information technology (IT) service, consulting and business solutions company Headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra.
 It is a subsidiary of the Tata Group and operates in 46 countries.
Subramanian Ramadorai, CBE ( born 6 October 1945) was the adviser to the Prime Minister of India in the national council on skill development, Government of India.
 He held the rank equivalent to an Indian Cabinet Minister.
 He is also the chairperson of the governing board of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences and Bharathidasan Institute of Management, chairman of Indian Institute of Information Technology, Guwahati and Tata Elxsi.
 Earlier, he was CEO and MD of Tata Consultancy Services from 1996 to 2009 & Vice - Chairman of Tata Consultancy Services till 6 October 2014 transforming TCS from a company with $400 million revenues and 6000 employees to one of the world's largest software and services company with more than 200,000 employees working in 42 countries and revenues over US$6.0 billion.
