A samba school (Portuguese: "Escola de samba" ) is a dancing club or school.
 They practise and often perform in huge square-compounds ("quadras de samba") devoted to practising and exhibiting samba, an African-Brazilian dance.
 The schools (which are structured more like a guild than a school in the usual sense) have a strong community basis and are traditionally associated with a particular neighborhood.
 They are often seen to affirm the cultural validity of the Afro-Brazilian heritage in contrast to the mainstream education system.
 and have evolved often in contrast to authoritarian development.
 The phrase "escola de samba" is popularly held to derive from the schoolyard location of the first group's early rehearsals.
 In Rio de Janeiro especially, they are mostly associated with particular shanty towns ("favela") .
 Samba and the samba school can be deeply interwoven with the daily lives of the shanty-town dwellers.
 Throughout the year the samba schools have various happenings and events, most important of which are rehearsals for the main event which is the yearly carnival parade.
 Each of the main schools spend many months each year designing the theme, holding a competition for their song, building the floats and rehearsing.
 It is overseen by a "carnavalesco" or carnival director.
 From 2005, some fourteen of the top samba schools in Rio have used a specially designed warehouse complex, the size of ten football pitches, called Samba City (Cidade do Samba) to build and house the elaborate floats.
 Each school's parade may consist of about 3,000 performers or more, and the preparations, especially producing the many different costumes, provide work for thousands of the poorest in Brazilian society.
 The resulting competition is a major economic and media event, with tens of thousands in the live audience and screened live to millions across South America.
Grêmio Recreativo Escola de Samba Acadêmicos do Salgueiro, popularly known simply as Salgueiro is a popular samba school from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
 It was established on March 5, 1953 from the merger of Morro do Salgueiro's two samba schools called Azul e Branco do Salgueiro ("Salgueiro's Blue and White") and Depois Eu Digo ("I'll Say it Later"), which then merged again with Unidos do Salgueiro.
 It first paraded in 1954 with the "Romaria à Bahia" samba.
The Grêmio Recreativo Escola de Samba Império Serrano is a samba school of the city of Rio de Janeiro, that was created on March 23 of 1947 after a disagreement of the extinct samba school Prazer da Serrinha.
 It was nine times champion of the Carnaval and can be considered one of the most traditional schools of the samba of the city.
 One of the principal vainglories of its members is the open democracy of the school, established in the school's foundation.
 Its history is normally confused with the history of the Morro da Serrinha, despite its headquarters being in Avenida Ministro Edgard Romero near the Estação Mercadão de Madureira, but in the same neighborhood: Madureira.
Grêmio Recreativo Escola de Samba Unidos do Viradouro (popularly as Viradouro or Unidos do Viradouro) is a samba school headquartered in the municipality of Niterói, but that many years ago participates in the Carnival city of Rio de Janeiro.
The Liga Independente das Escolas de Samba do Rio de Janeiro – Independent League of the Samba Schools of Rio de Janeiro – or LIESA is the principal association that organizes the Carnival of the city of Rio de Janeiro.
Andrea de Andrade is a Brazilian Carnival Queen.
 She began performing in samba parades in 2006 with Mocidade, a samba school in Rio de Janeiro.
 In 2010 she won the "Rainha da bateria" (Queen of drums) of Mocidade and in 2011 led the parade of this school at the Rio de Janeiro carnival.
Castor Gonçalves de Andrade e Silva (1926 – April 11, 1997) was a well-known "bicheiro" in Rio de Janeiro.
 From the 1980s, Castor de Andrade was the uncontested leader of all the main "bicheiros" of the city of Rio de Janeiro, and had more than 100 policemen and a number of public servants, prominent politicians, and judges working for him.
 Castor was also very involved in the Brazilian Carnival and in soccer—he was the major sponsor of Bangu Atlético Clube and even called the "owner of Bangu", and he was also the patron of samba school Mocidade Independente de Padre Miguel.
 He also helped found in 1984 the Liga Independente das Escolas de Samba do Rio de Janeiro, which has run the Rio de Janeiro Carnival ever since and has served as the legal cover for the "jogo do bicho cartel".
Grêmio Recreativo Escola de Samba Unidos do Porto da Pedra (popularly as Porto da Pedra or Unidos do Porto da Pedra) is a samba school headquartered in the municipality of São Gonçalo, but that many years ago participates in the Carnival city of Rio de Janeiro.
José Bispo Clementino dos Santos (May 12, 1913 – June 14, 2008) was a Brazilian samba singer known as Jamelão (] ).
 He began in music as a tamborim player, but later became known as the official singer at samba school Mangueira's carnaval parades, performing in every Carnaval from 1949 to 2006.
 He also toured Europe as a solo performer.
The Grêmio Recreativo Escola de Samba Mangueira is one of the most traditional and best supported samba schools in Rio de Janeiro.
 It was founded on April 28, 1928 in Morro da Mangueira, near the region of Maracanã by Carlos Cachaça, Cartola, Zé Espinguela, and Nelson Cavaquinho, among others.
 It is headquartered on Rua Visconde de Niterói, in the district of the same name.
