The 1996 PPG Indy Car World Series season, the eighteenth in the CART era of U.S. open-wheel racing, consisted of 16 races, beginning in Homestead, Florida on March 3 and concluding in Monterey, California on September 8, in which it was marred by the death of Jeff Krosnoff.
 The PPG Indy Car World Series Drivers' Champion was Jimmy Vasser.
 Rookie of the Year was Alex Zanardi.
 This was the first season after the split with the Indy Racing League and the last year that CART licensed the "IndyCar" trademark from the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
 The Indianapolis 500 was replaced in the Series by the U.S. 500, held in Brooklyn, Michigan.
The 1981 CART PPG Indy Car World Series season, the third in the CART era of U.S. open-wheel racing, consisted of 11 races, beginning in Avondale, Arizona on March 22 and concluding at the same location on October 31.
 The PPG Indy Car World Series Drivers' Champion was Rick Mears.
 Rookie of the Year was Bob Lazier.
 After the disagreement with the USAC during the previous season, the 65th Indianapolis 500 was not part of the Series, however no competing race was scheduled and most CART teams and drivers did take part.
The 1980 CART PPG Indy Car World Series season was the second in the CART era of U.S. open-wheel racing.
 It consisted of twelve races, beginning in Ontario, California on April 13 and concluding in Avondale, Arizona on November 8.
 The PPG Indy Car World Series Drivers' Champion and Indianapolis 500 winner was Johnny Rutherford.
 Rookie of the Year was Dennis Firestone.
 The entire season, including the 64th Indianapolis 500, was to be co-sanctioned by both the USAC and CART under the banner of the Championship Racing League (CRL).
 However, USAC withdrew from the arrangement after five races.
The 1982 CART PPG Indy Car World Series season, the fourth in the CART era of U.S. open-wheel racing, consisted of 11 races, beginning in Avondale, Arizona on March 28 and concluding at the same location on November 6.
 The PPG Indy Car World Series Drivers' Champion was Rick Mears.
 Rookie of the Year was Bobby Rahal.
The 1995 PPG Indy Car World Series season, the seventeenth in the CART era of U.S. open-wheel racing, consisted of 17 races, beginning in Miami, Florida on March 5 and concluding in Monterey, California on September 10.
 The PPG Indy Car World Series Drivers' Champion and Indianapolis 500 winner was Jacques Villeneuve.
 Rookie of the Year was Gil de Ferran.
 This was the last season before the formation of the Indy Racing League by Indianapolis Motor Speedway owner, Tony George, and the last time the USAC-sanctioned Indianapolis 500 would appear in the Series.
The 1988 CART PPG Indy Car World Series season was the 10h national championship season of American open wheel racing sanctioned by CART.
 The season consisted of 15 races, and one non-points exhibition event.
 Danny Sullivan was the national champion, winning for Team Penske.
 The rookie of the year was John Jones.
 The 1988 Indianapolis 500 was sanctioned by USAC, but counted towards the CART points championship.
 Rick Mears won the Indy 500, his third victory at Indy.
The 1990 CART PPG Indy Car World Series season was the 12th national championship season of American open wheel racing sanctioned by CART.
 The season consisted of 16 races, and one non-points exhibition event.
 Al Unser Jr. was the national champion, and the rookie of the year was Eddie Cheever.
 The 1990 Indianapolis 500 was sanctioned by USAC, but counted towards the CART points championship.
 Arie Luyendyk won the Indy 500, his first-ever victory in championship-level competition, and the fastest 500 until the 2013 Indianapolis 500.
The 1984 CART PPG Indy Car World Series season, the sixth in the CART era of U.S. open-wheel racing, consisted of 16 races, beginning in Long Beach, California on March 31 and concluding in Las Vegas, Nevada on November 10.
 The PPG Indy Car World Series Drivers' Champion was Mario Andretti and the Indianapolis 500 winner was Rick Mears.
 Rookie of the Year was Roberto Guerrero.
 The 68th Indianapolis 500 was sanctioned by the USAC, but counted in the CART points standings.
The 1986 CART PPG Indy Car World Series season was the 8th national championship season of American open wheel racing sanctioned by CART.
 The season consisted of 17 races, and one non-points exhibition event.
 Bobby Rahal was the national champion, and the rookie of the year was Chip Robinson.
 The 1986 Indianapolis 500 was sanctioned by USAC, but counted towards the CART points championship.
 Bobby Rahal won the Indy 500, and would later become the first driver since 1980 to win Indy and the CART championship in the same season.
The 1987 CART PPG Indy Car World Series season was the 9th national championship season of American open wheel racing sanctioned by CART.
 The season consisted of 16 races, and one non-points exhibition event.
 Bobby Rahal was the national champion, winning his second-consecutive title.
 The rookie of the year was Fabrizio Barbazza.
 The 1987 Indianapolis 500 was sanctioned by USAC, but counted towards the CART points championship.
 Al Unser, Sr. won the Indy 500, his record-tying fourth victory at Indy.
