India pale ale (IPA) is a hoppy beer style within the broader category of pale ale.
 It has also been referred to as "pale ale as prepared for India", "India ale", "pale India ale", or "pale export India ale".
Tripel is a term used by brewers or people mainly in the Low Countries, some other European countries, and the U.S. to describe a strong pale ale, loosely in the style of "Westmalle Tripel".
 The origin of the term is unknown, though the main theory is that it indicates strength in some way.
 It was used in 1956 by the Trappist brewery, Westmalle, to rename the strongest beer in their range, though both the term Tripel and the style of beer associated with the name (strong pale ale), were in existence before 1956.
 The style of Westmalle's "Tripel" and the name was widely copied by the breweries of Belgium, and in 1987 another Trappist brewery, the Koningshoeven in the Netherlands, expanded their range with a beer called "La Trappe Tripel", though they also produced a stronger beer they termed "La Trappe Quadrupel".
 The term spread to the U.S. and other countries, and is applied by a range of secular brewers to a strong pale ale in the style of "Westmalle Tripel".
Dark Horse Brewery is a brewery and tap room in Marshall, Michigan, USA.
 Dark Horse brews a variety of beers and beer styles, including the Crooked Tree India Pale Ale, Amber Ale, Raspberry Ale, Sapient Trip Ale, Boffo Brown Beer, and Black Bier.
 Several seasonal and experimental brews are also produced.
 Dark Horse puts out a significant amount of beer for their tank size but are still able to hand-fold and stock every six-pack produced.
 The brewery has won several medals at various brewing competitions.
The Bass Brewery was founded in 1777 by William Bass in Burton-upon-Trent, England.
 The main brand was Bass Pale Ale, once the highest-selling beer in the UK.
 By 1877, Bass had become the largest brewery in the world, with an annual output of one million barrels.
 Its pale ale was exported throughout the British Empire, and the company's distinctive red triangle became the UK's first registered trademark.
Big Sky Brewing Company is a brewery located in Missoula, Montana, USA.
 It brews six different styles of beer: Moose Drool (a brown ale), Scape Goat (Pale Ale), Big Sky (India Pale ale), Powder Hound (Winter Ale), Summer Honey (Seasonal Ale), and Trout Slayer Ale.
The Gage Roads Brewing Company (Gage Roads Brewing Co. Ltd) is an Australian craft brewery located just outside the city of Fremantle in Palmyra, Western Australia.
 It is one of Australia's largest independent breweries.
 In 2016, it's New World Pale Ale - "Little Dove" - was awarded the Trophy for Champion Australian Beer at the 2016 Australian International Beer Awards.
 In 2015, it was runner-up Champion Large Brewery at the Australian International Beer Awards.
Rye India Pale Ale is a style of Rye Beer that has a strong hoppy character comparable to the India Pale Ale.
 The Rye India Pale Ale is a Beer style that uses malted rye grains in the mash ingredients.
 The addition of rye adds a tangy or spicy character to the beer.
 Its use has recently grown in popularity among American Craft Brewers but has been a traditional brewing grain for many eastern European breweries for many years.
San Diego County, California has been called "the Craft Beer Capital of America."
 As of 2016 the county was home to 125 licensed craft breweries - the most of any region in the United States.
 Based on 2016 sales volume, three San Diego County breweries - Stone, Green Flash, and Karl Strauss - rank among the 50 largest craft brewers in the United States.
 San Diego County brewers pioneered the specialty beer style known as Double India Pale Ale (Double IPA), sometimes called San Diego Pale Ale.
 Its beer culture is a draw for tourism, particularly during major festivals such as San Diego Beer Week and the San Diego International Beer Competition.
 San Diego County breweries like Stone Brewing Co., AleSmith Brewing Company and Ballast Point Brewing Company are consistently rated among the top breweries in the world.
Summit Brewing Company is a regional craft brewery in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States, that brews a wide selection of popular beers.
 It is sometimes mistakenly believed to be a microbrewery, even though Summit's output is in the top 50 of breweries in the United States, with approximately 129,000 barrels of beer produced in 2015, and a capacity of 240,000 barrels per year.
 Their flagship beer, an English Pale Ale (branded "Summit Extra Pale Ale") is especially popular in the Twin Cities area.
Heavy Seas Beer is brewed by Clipper City Brewing Company, in Baltimore, Maryland.
 The brewery was established by Hugh Sisson in 1995.
 Previously, Sisson operated Maryland's first brewpub, Sisson's.
 In 2010, the brewery rebranded.
 While the name of the company remains Clipper City Brewing Company, all of its beer falls under the Heavy Seas brand.
 Heavy Seas hosts tours on most weekends.
 It is located at 4615 Hollins Ferry Road, Suite B, in the Halethorpe section of Baltimore.
 Heavy Seas currently offers a variety of beer styles in approx. 18 states within the United States.
 Several Heavy Seas beers have been awarded and include the following: Cutlass Amber Lager (a repeat medal winner at the Great American Beer Festival from 2006-2010, bronze medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup and silver medal winner at the 2012 World Beer Cup as Heavy Seas Märzen), Powder Monkey Pale Ale (silver medal winner at the 2008 Great American Beer Festival and bronze medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup as Heavy Seas Pale Ale), Small Craft Warning Uber Pils (bronze medal winner at the 2004 Great American Beer Festival), Gold Ale (gold medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup, bronze medal winner at the 2010 Great American Beer Festival and bronze medal winner at the 2014 Great American Beer Festival as Heavy Seas Gold Ale) and Winter Storm Imperial ESB (gold medal winner at the 2008 World Beer Cup).
