"You're No Angel" is a song written in 1942 by Francis E. Tucher (born in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1924).
 It was recorded by "Nora Lou and her Pals of the Golden West," with lead singer Nora Lou Martin.
 This female singing group appeared in "The Silver Bullet" (1942), "Stage to Chino" (1940), "Rancho Grande" (1940) with Gene Autry, and "Rovin' Tumbleweeds" (1939), also with Gene Autry.
Big Mama (빅마마) was a South Korean female singing group from M Boat, a former sister company of YG Entertainment.
Barbara Markay is an American musician.
 She was born and raised in Long Island, New York, in Rockville Centre.
 She was educated in piano and violin at Juilliard and the Manhattan School of Music and graduated from Juilliard with a bachelor's degree in composition.
 Moving from classical music to pop, she formed a five-part female singing group, "The Girl Scouts", and later a musical theater troupe, "Little Lulu & the Humpers", that performed in Miami Beach and New York City.
 With her own band she gained some commercial success in Europe with several singles in the Top 20 charts.
 Two of the singles, "It's All Rite to Fuck All Nite" and "Give Your Dick to Me", were heavily censored before receiving airplay.
 These have since been mentioned in lists of the world's worst music.
 In the US she collaborated in various musical projects including Carly Simon's "Coming Around Again" album, Michael Jackson's "Bad" video and as a backup singer to Bruce Willis.
 Since 1994 she has been writing her own music in the world music and new-age genres.
"Floy Joy" is a song written by Smokey Robinson and released as a single in December 1971 by popular Motown female singing group The Supremes.
Soprano is the highest female singing voice or the highest voice part in a singing group.
The Cuarteto d'Aida was a famous Cuban female singing group.
 It was founded and directed by the pianist Aida Diestro (1924–1973) in 1952.
 Diestro picked four brilliant young singers to form the group: Elena Burke, Moraima Secada and the sisters Omara and Haydée Portuondo.
 One of the group, Omara, is still alive and performing today; she was brought back into prominence as part of the Buena Vista Social Club phenomenon.
Quiet Elegance were an American female singing group founded in Detroit, Michigan in 1971.
 The group toured extensively as backing singers and also recorded a number of Soul and Southern soul music singles during the 1970s.
 Two albums of their songs were released after they disbanded in 1977.
The Viennese Singing Sisters (AKA Edmund Fritz's Singing Babies, Singing Babies, Viennese Seven (sometimes, Six) Singing Sisters, and The Seven Singing Sisters) was a close harmony female singing group which originated in Austria in the late 1920s or in 1930, and which was active there, elsewhere in Europe, and in the Americas until the late 1930s.
 It made recordings, and appeared on radio and television and in film.
 It consisted of singers with vocal ranges from high soprano to contralto, one of whom would also play piano accompaniment.
 At various times, it had six or seven members.
 Despite the name, it seems never to have included any sisters.
Cocktail Chic were a French female singing group, best known for their participation in the 1986 Eurovision Song Contest.
The Supremes were an American female singing group and the premier act of Motown Records during the 1960s.
 Founded as The Primettes in Detroit, Michigan, in 1959, the Supremes were the most commercially successful of Motown's acts and are, to date, America's most successful vocal group with 12 number one singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Most of these hits were written and produced by Motown's main songwriting and production team, Holland–Dozier–Holland.
 At their peak in the mid-1960s, the Supremes rivaled the Beatles in worldwide popularity, and it is said that their success made it possible for future African American R&B and soul musicians to find mainstream success.
