Caraga, officially known as the Caraga Administrative Region or simply Caraga Region and designated as Region XIII, is an administrative region in the Philippines occupying the northeastern section of the island of Mindanao.
 The Caraga Region was created through "Republic Act No. 7901" on February 23, 1995.
 The region comprises five provinces: Agusan del Norte, Agusan del Sur, Surigao del Norte, Surigao del Sur and Dinagat Islands; six cities: Bayugan, Bislig, Butuan, Cabadbaran, Surigao and Tandag; 67 municipalities and 1,311 barangays. Butuan is the regional administrative center.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region is a special administrative region (SAR) of North Korea proclaimed in 2002 (but has not been put into "de facto" operation as of 2014), on the border with China.
 It was established in September 2002 in an area including parts of Sinŭiju and the surrounding area, in an attempt to introduce market economics, and is directly governed as in the case of "Directly Governed Cities".
 The special administrative region was modelled after China's Special Administrative Regions (SARs), Hong Kong and Macau, and, like them, has a "Basic Law" (기본법; Kibonpŏp).
Zealand Region (Danish: "Region Sjælland" ) is the southernmost administrative region of Denmark, established on January 1, 2007 as part of the 2007 Danish Municipal Reform, which replaced the traditional counties ("amter") with five larger regions.
Möllen is the southernmost administrative district of Voerde in Wesel district, North Rhine-Westphalia, having 3040 inhabitants.
The visa policy of Hong Kong deals with the requirements in which a foreign national wishing to enter the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region must meet to obtain an entry permit or visa, which depending on the traveller's nationality, may be required to travel to, enter, and remain in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
 Visitors from over 145 countries are permitted visa-free entry for periods ranging from 7 to 180 days, to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for tourism or certain business-related activities.
 All visitors must hold a passport valid for more than 1 month.
Pampulha (Portuguese: "Região Administrativa da Pampulha") is an administrative region in the city of Belo Horizonte, Brazil.
 It is one of nine administrative regions of Belo Horizonte, and occupies 47.13 km in the northeast of the city.
 It has a population of 145,262 and a population density of 3.08 per square kilometer.
 The center of the Pampulha is occupied by Lake Pampulha, an artificial lake constructed in the early 1940s by Mayor Juscelino Kubitschek, later president of Brazil from 1956 to 1961.
 The Pampulha administrative region is further subdivided into 29 neighborhoods ("bairros"), one of which is also called Pampulha.
Cordillera Administrative Region (Ilocano: "Rehion/Deppaar Administratibo ti Kordiliera" ; Filipino: "Rehiyong Pampangasiwaan ng Cordillera" ), designated as CAR, is an administrative region in the Philippines situated within the island of Luzon.
 The only landlocked region in the country, it is bordered by the Ilocos Region in the west and southwest, and by the Cagayan Valley on the north, east, and southeast.
 Prior to the 2015 census, it is the least populated and least densely-populated Region in the country.
Xinyang (; postal: Sinyang) is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Henan province, People's Republic of China, the southernmost administrative division in the province.
 Its population was 6,109,106 according to the 2010 census, and 1,230,042 of them lived in 2 urban districts, Pingqiao and Shihe.
The Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Issues Relating to the Selection of the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region by Universal Suffrage and on the Method for Forming the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in the Year 2016 (), commonly known as 31 August Decision (), is a decision made by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPCSC), the national legislative body of the People's Republic of China (PRC) on 31 August 2014 which set limits for the 2017 Chief Executive election and 2016 Legislative Council election in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR).
The Wolong Special Administrative Region () is an area in Sichuan, China.
 It is located in the southwest of Wenchuan County, Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture of Sichuan.
 It was formerly known as Wolong Special Administrative Region of Wenchuan County, Sichuan Province and was founded in March 1983 with approval of the State Council.
 It was given its current name and placed under Sichuan provincial government with administrative supervision by the provincial department of forestry.
 Its area supersedes Sichuan Wolong National Nature Reserve and its administrative office is the same as the Administrative Bureau of the State Forestry Administration for the reserve.
 It currently has a population of 5343.
