Bought and Paid For is a lost 1922 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 It was directed by William C. deMille and starred Agnes Ayres.
 It is based on a play by George Broadhurst performed on Broadway in 1911 with Julia Dean and revived 1921 respectively.
 The play was filmed before in 1916 by the World Film Company with Alice Brady in the lead role.
Borderland is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Paul Powell and written by Beulah Marie Dix.
 The film stars Agnes Ayres, Milton Sills, Fred Huntley, Bertram Grassby, Casson Ferguson, Ruby Lafayette, and Sylvia Ashton.
 The film was released on July 20, 1922, by Paramount Pictures.
 It is not known whether the film currently survives.
Tillie is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Frank Urson and written by Alice Eyton and Helen Reimensnyder Martin.
 The film stars Mary Miles Minter, Noah Beery, Sr., Allan Forrest, Lucien Littlefield, Lillian Leighton, and Marie Trebaol.
 The film was released on January 29, 1922, by Paramount Pictures.
 It is not known whether the film currently survives.
The Old Homestead is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by James Cruze and written by Julien Josephson, Perley Poore Sheehan, and Frank E. Woods based upon the play of the same name by Denman Thompson.
 The film stars Theodore Roberts, George Fawcett, T. Roy Barnes, Fritzi Ridgeway, Harrison Ford, James Mason, and Kathleen O'Connor.
 The film was released on October 8, 1922, by Paramount Pictures.
 A print of the film is in the Gosfilmofond film archive.
The Law and the Woman is a lost 1922 American silent drama film directed by Penrhyn Stanlaws and starring Betty Compson.
 This film is a version of Clyde Fitch's play "The Woman in the Case" and a remake of a 1916 silent version "The Woman in the Case" starring Pauline Frederick.
 Jesse Lasky produced.
Outcast is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Chester Withey.
 The film starred Elsie Ferguson (in her next to last silent) and David Powell.
 William Powell has a small supporting part in this which was his third film.
The Good Provider is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Fannie Hurst and John Lynch.
 The film stars Vera Gordon, Dore Davidson, Miriam Battista, Vivienne Osborne, William Collier, Jr., John Roche, and Ora Jones.
 The film was released on April 2, 1922, by Paramount Pictures.
 It is not known whether the film currently survives.
The Man Who Played God is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by F. Harmon Weight and written by Forrest Halsey.
 The film stars George Arliss, Ann Forrest, Ivan Simpson, Edward Earle, and Effie Shannon.
 The film was released on October 1, 1922, by United Artists.
The Ordeal is a lost 1922 American silent drama film directed by Paul Powell and written by Beulah Marie Dix and W. Somerset Maugham.
 The film stars Clarence Burton, Agnes Ayres, Conrad Nagel, Edna Murphy, Anne Schaefer, Gino Corrado, and Adele Farrington.
 The film was released on May 21, 1922, by Paramount Pictures.
A Doll's House is a 1922 American silent drama film produced by and starring Alla Nazimova and directed by her husband Charles Bryant.
 The couple released the film through United Artists.
 It is based on the play "A Doll's House" by Henrik Ibsen with the scenario written by Nazimova under the pseudonym Peter M. Winters.
 The film was the fourth silent version filmed of the play, being preceded by a 1918 Paramount film directed by Maurice Tourneur.
 The film is classified as being lost.
