Guggenheim Partners is a global investment and advisory financial services firm that engages in investment banking, capital markets services, investment management, investment advisory, and insurance services.
 The firm is headquartered in New York City and Chicago with 2,300 staff located in 20 cities throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia.
 It has more than $290 billion of assets under management.
 The firm's CEO is Mark Walter.
 It has six Managing Partners who are key executives, and with a Senior Leadership Team of 17 other executives, oversee the Firm's businesses.
 It was founded by Peter Lawson-Johnston II, Solomon R. Guggenheim's great-grandson.
Eldridge Industries, LLC is a Private equity investment holdings firm owned by Todd Boehly, the former president of Guggenheim Partners.
The company was formed via the corporate spin-off of the media properties of Guggenheim subsidiary Prometheus Global Media announced on December 17, 2015.
Mark Walter is a founder and the chief executive officer of Guggenheim Partners, a privately held global financial services firm with more than $300 billion in assets under management and headquarters in Chicago and New York.
 He is also the Chairman of the Los Angeles Dodgers Major League Baseball franchise.
Minister of Manpower and Immigration was a former position in the Cabinet of Canada from 1966 to 1977.
 The position was created after the Minister of Citizenship and Immigration was dissolved in 1966.
 In 1977, this position was abolished and replaced with the
Brian Darrell Montgomery (born August 2, 1956) is an American government official.
 He served as Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for Housing within the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development during the administration of George W. Bush.
 He was confirmed to the position in February 2005 and resigned in July 2009.
 Currently a partner at business consulting firm Collingwood Group, LLC, he has been nominated by President Donald Trump to return to his former position as Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for Housing.
Mark Walter Graham Dobie (born 8 November 1963) is an English former professional football forward.
A founder CEO is a person who founded a firm by taking initiative and deciding to create their vision for a firm in actual life, and held the CEO position subsequently.
 If the firm's CEO is not a founder or the founder CEO is succeeded, the firm is said to be led by a non-founder CEO, otherwise known as a successor CEO.
 Research has highlighted differences among founder and non-founder CEOs that impact firm performance.
 The negative and positive contributions identified in research include: stock performance, equity stake in the firm, managerial incentives, innovation investment, and outlook towards mergers and acquisitions.
The Miami MLS team is a proposed professional soccer team to be based in Miami, Florida.
 The year the team is scheduled to join Major League Soccer (MLS) is pending negotiations over stadium financing and location.
 The ownership group, known as Miami Beckham United, is led by David Beckham, his business partner Simon Fuller, Miami-based Bolivian businessman Marcelo Claure, American sports executive Tim Leiweke and CEO of Eldridge Industries and Los Angeles Dodgers owner Todd Boehly.
KCUL-FM (92.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format.
 Licensed to Marshall, Texas, United States, the station serves the Longview-Marshall area.
 The station is currently owned by Todd Boehly, through licensee A.1 Investco LLC.
Andrew Todd (c. 1754–1796) was an Ulster merchant and fur trader at Montréal and Louisiana.
 Born into a wealthy family at Coleraine, County Londonderry, he was the son of Daniel Todd (1735-1783) of Randalstown, Co.
 Antrim, and his wife Letitia Thornton, sister of Lt.-General Sir William Thornton.
 He came to North America to work in the trading firm of his uncle, Isaac Todd, who was the business partner of James McGill at Montreal.
 He became a junior partner of the firm and in 1791 was admitted as a member of the Beaver Club.
 In 1794, the Spanish Governor, Francisco Luis Héctor de Carondelet, granted him an exclusive monopoly over all the trade in Louisiana; highly sought after particularly by Canadians as it was then still separate to the United States.
 This gave him the exclusive right to the valuable trade on the Upper Mississippi River, the Missouri River and the area north of Ohio.
 He jealously defended his position and soon became known in the region as ""Don Andreas"", successfully sending vast stores of goods up from New Orleans while bringing back furs.
 His uncle's firm back in Montreal, "Todd, McGill & Co.," had found itself in a position to then monopolize the supply of the entire Mississippi Valley, but the declaration of war between Spain and Britain in October 1796, followed by Andrew’s death at New Orleans later that year, dashed their expectations.
 At his decease, Andrew Todd was unmarried and left no children.
 By his will, he released his slave, Jack, and left his entire estate to his uncle, Isaac, except for $500 that he left to James McGill, the other executor of his will.
