Silverdale is a semi-rural neighbourhood of the District of Mission, British Columbia, Canada c. 40 km east of Vancouver on the east bank of the Stave River at its confluence with the Fraser.
 Noted for its historic Italian Canadian community, its economy was farming, fishing and logging based until the general suburbanization of Fraser Valley life in the 1960s and '70s.
 Of its Italian community, notable offspring include Phil Gaglardi, former BC Highways minister, and speed-skater Eden Donatelli.
 Silverdale is also notable as the site of Canada's first train robbery, by the "Gentleman Bandit" Billy Miner, and it is there he is supposed to have first used the polite "Hands Up!"
 in the course of the robbery.
Regan Sander Wirahardja Oey (born in 1998 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada) is a Chinese-Indonesian Canadian film and television actor.
 His parents are of Chinese-Indonesian descent.
 He currently attends Vancouver College and is a two sport athlete playing Football and Basketball.
 Regan is famous around school for coining the phrase "own up", meaning everyone should own up to their mistakes.
The 38th Parliament of British Columbia sat from 2005 to 2009, replacing the 37th parliament and being succeeded by the 39th parliament.
 It was composed of two elements, The Queen represented by the Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Steven Point, and the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia as elected by the general election of British Columbia, Canada, on May 17, 2005.
 The Speaker of the House was Bill Barisoff.
Caravan Farm Theatre is a professional outdoor theatre company operated by the Bill Miner Society for Cultural Advancement.
 The theatre is based on an 80 acre farm, 11 kilometres northwest of Armstrong, British Columbia.
 Caravan Farm Theatre productions are always mounted outdoors in site-specific locations, with audiences of up to 500 at its farm location, three seasons of the year.
 Annually, Caravan Farm Theatre productions attract between 13,000 and 16,000 theatre-goers each year.
Frederick John Fulton, KC (December 8, 1862 – July 25, 1936) was a British-born and educated Canadian lawyer and politician.
 He practiced law in Kamloops, British Columbia.
 He was a member of the British Columbia Legislative Assembly from 1900 to 1909 serving a series of cabinet roles as President of the Executive Council, Minister of Education, Provincial Secretary, Attorney General and Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works.
 As Attorney General, he prosecuted and convicted the notorious Bill Miner.
The Order of British Columbia is a civilian honour for merit in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Instituted in 1989 by Lieutenant Governor David Lam, on the advice of the Cabinet under Premier Bill Vander Zalm, the order is administered by the Governor-in-Council and is intended to honour current or former British Columbia residents for conspicuous achievements in any field, being thus described as the highest honour amongst all others conferred by the British Columbia Crown.
The British Columbia general election of 1991 was the 35th provincial election in the Province of British Columbia, Canada.
 It was held to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia.
 The election was called on September 19, 1991, and held on October 17, 1991.
 The incumbent Social Credit Party of British Columbia, which had been beset by scandals during Bill Vander Zalm's only term as premier, was defeated by the New Democratic Party of Mike Harcourt.
 Liberal Party leader Gordon Wilson surprised observers by leading his party to winning one-third of the votes cast, and forming the official opposition in the legislature.
 The new legislature met for the first time on March 17, 1992.
A White Man's Province: British Columbia Politicians and Chinese and Japanese Immigrants, 1858-1914 is a 1989 book by Patricia E. Roy, published by the University of British Columbia Press.
 It discusses late 19th and early 20th century anti-Asian sentiment within British Columbia.
 Politicians from British Columbia referred to the place as "a white man's province", and the book includes an analysis of the phrase itself.
 As of 1992 Roy was planning to create a sequel.
Ezra Allen Miner (c.1847 – September 2, 1913), more popularly known as Bill Miner, was a noted American criminal, originally from Bowling Green, Kentucky, who served several prison terms for stagecoach robbery.
 Known for his unusual politeness while committing robberies, he was widely nicknamed the Grey Fox, Gentleman Robber or the Gentleman Bandit.
 He is reputed to have been the originator of the phrase "Hands up!"
Parker Williams (May 31, 1872 – June 17, 1958) was a Welsh-born coal miner and political figure in British Columbia.
 He represented Newcastle in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1903 to 1918 as a Socialist and later as an independent Socialist and was British Columbia's first socialist MLA.
