Lincoln Square is the name of both a square and the surrounding neighborhood within the Upper West Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan.
 Lincoln Square is centered on the intersection of Broadway and Columbus Avenue, between West 65th and West 66th streets.
 The neighborhood is bounded by Columbus Avenue and Amsterdam Avenue to the east and west, and West 66th and 63rd Street to the north and south.
 However, the term can be extended to have the neighborhood between West 59th Street and West 72nd Street.
 It is bounded by Hell's Kitchen, Riverside South, Central Park, and the Upper West Side proper.
79th Street is a major two-way street in the Upper East Side and Upper West Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan.
 On the Upper East Side East 79th Street stretches from East End Avenue, passing the New York Public Library, Yorkville Branch, to Fifth Avenue, where the entrance to the 79th Street Transverse is flanked by Children's Gate.
 The transverse crosses Central Park; its exit at West 81st Street on the Upper West Side is flanked by Hunters' Gate.
 79th Street does not exist between Central Park West and Columbus Avenue, due to the superblock of Manhattan Square, largely occupied by the American Museum of Natural History.
 West of Columbus Avenue, 79th Street continues and terminates in Riverside Park at a traffic circle directly after the exit/entrance ramps for the Henry Hudson Parkway, under which sit the 79th Street Boat Basin and its cafe.
The New St. Marks Baths was a gay bathhouse at 6 St. Marks Place in the East Village of Manhattan, New York City from 1979 to 1985.
 It claimed to be the largest gay bath house in the world.
Morningside Heights is a neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City, on the border of the Upper West Side and Manhattanville.
 The area is usually described as being on the Upper West Side, but has been described as part of "Greater Harlem" due to a disputed claim that the Upper West Side goes no farther north than 110th Street.
The Continental Baths was a gay bathhouse in the basement of The Ansonia Hotel in New York City which was opened in 1968 by Steve Ostrow.
 It was advertised as reminiscent of "the glory of ancient Rome".
 The documentary film "Continental", by Malcolm Ingram, covers the height of the club's popularity through the early 1970s.
The West Side of Manhattan refers to the side of Manhattan Island which abuts the Hudson River and faces New Jersey.
 Fifth Avenue, Central Park, and lower Broadway separate it from the East Side.
 The major neighborhoods on the West Side are (from north to south) West Harlem, Morningside Heights, Manhattan Valley, Upper West Side, Hell's Kitchen, Chelsea, West Village, SoHo, and Tribeca.
 The 8th Avenue and West Side subway lines connect all parts of the West Side.
 The main north-south roads servicing the West Side are the Henry Hudson Parkway in the north, and the West Side Highway in the south.
 The Hudson River Greenway separates them from the west shore of the island.
St Stephen's Episcopal Church in New York City was founded in 1805 as the fifth Episcopal parish in the Episcopal Diocese of New York.
 The stone church, on the southeast corner of Broome and Chrystie Streets, was inaugurated on Saint Stephen's Day, December 26, 1805.
 By 1866 the congregation had largely moved uptown, and the rector Rev. Joseph H. Price convinced the trustees to sell the old structure, which was demolished.
 In 1873 Saint Stephen's merged with the Church of the Advent on West 46th Street, then in 1897 the parish purchased a simple brick chapel of the Church of the Transfiguration that had been built in 1880 on West 69th Street in the newly-developing Upper West Side.
 The first service of Saint Stephen’s Church was held there on October 3, 1897.
 The unpretentious church, set in a remnant of its suburban garden, is now the oldest church structure in the Upper West Side.
The Everard Baths or Everard Spa Turkish Bathhouse was a gay bathhouse at 28 West 28th Street in New York City that operated from 1888 to 1986.
 The venue occupied an adaptively reused church building and was the site of a deadly fire.
The Upper West Side, sometimes abbreviated UWS, is a neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan, New York City, that lies between Central Park and the Hudson River and between West 59th Street and West 110th Street.
 The Upper West Side is sometimes also considered by the real estate industry to include the neighborhood of Morningside Heights.
In October 1983, the Riverside Shakespeare Company, then New York City's only year-round professional Shakespeare theatre company, inaugurated "The Shakespeare Project", based at the theatre company's home on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, The Shakespeare Center.
 "The Shakespeare Project" was the first major New York residency of actors from the Royal Shakespeare Company - with Edwin Richfield, Heather Canning, Christopher Ravenscroft, Jennie Stoller and John Kane (the later two from Peter Brook's "A Midsummer Night's Dream") - for a week of public workshops, panel discussions, seminars and performances at the company's Upper West Side theatre, The Shakespeare Center.
 The event was launched at a luncheon in the Shakespeare Room of the Algonquin Hotel attended by Joseph Papp, Helen Hayes, Frank Rich, Gloria Skurski, W. Stuart McDowell, and members of the Royal Shakespeare Company in mid October 1983.
 According to the "New York Times", over one thousand actors, students, teachers and stage directors, from the ages of 15 to 87, signed up for 22 sessions taught by some of the leading actors from London's Royal Shakespeare Company.
