Robinson Ekspeditionen 2010 was the thirteenth season of the Danish version of the Swedish show Expedition Robinson.
 This season premiered on September 6, 2010.
 The major twist this season is that the contestants have been divided into tribes with half of each tribe being "Masters" and the other half being "Slaves".
 The contestants individual statuses were determined in a challenge they took part in before they were divided into tribes.
 The twelve members of each gender competed in a challenge against each other with the five winners being the masters of their tribe and each getting to pick one of the seven challenge losers from the other tribe as their slave.
 Through the slave selection process four contestants, Anja Balle, Gitte Behrendt, Vincent Muir, and Hector Nielsen, were eliminated and sent to "Utopia" to compete against each other as well as future eliminated contestants in order to earn a spot back in the game.
 Following the elimination, the "Tenga" and "Minang" tribes were formed with the Minang tribe being composed of the female winners and their slaves and the Tenga tribe of the male winners and their slaves.
 In episode 2, a tribal swap took place in which most of the contestants swapped tribes.
 In episode 3, no elimination took place due to Ali Ghiace's voluntary exit.
 Also in episode 3, it was revealed that, like last year, there is a mole competing in the game.
 With this news came that of the mole being the only person eligible to vote for two people at the third tribal council.
 In episode 5, both tribes competed in an elimination competition which would lead to players from each tribe being eliminated.
 Ultimately, it Maiken Andersen and Bjørn Lambertsen from Minang and Ann Applegren from Tenga who lost the challenge and were eliminated and sent to Utopia.
 In episode 9, the two tribes merged and five contestants from Utopia (Anja Balle, Diana Andersen, Germaine Nielsen, Hector Nielsen, and Reda Zamzam) returned to the game.
 In episode 10, Germaine lost a challenge and was eliminated.
 In episode 11, Anja and Reda were sent to Utopia where Anja lost a duel and was eliminated.
 In episode 13, all Utopia contestants competed in a duel which Hans "HC" Nørager lost and was eliminated.
 In episode 14, the recently voted out Gitte Benherdt along with all of the remaining Utopia residents competed in the final duel of the season for a spot in the final four.
 Ultimately, Hans Ravnholt won the duel while the others were eliminated in the following order, Gitte Behrendt, Diana Andersen, Jens Bach, Mette Egeberg, Henriette Nielsen, Hector Nielsen, and finally Jakob Jensen.
 In the final episode of the season the final four faced off in series of three challenges to determine the winner.
 As the winner of the first challenge Zabrina Kondrup was immune from the second, elimination challenge.
 Søren "Nicolai" Korshøj became the final contestant to be eliminated when he lost the second challenge.
Expedition Robinson: 2005, was the ninth version of Expedition Robinson, or Survivor as it is referred to in some countries, to air in Sweden and it aired in 2005.
 The major twist this season was that the contestants were divided into tribes based on their annual salaries, with the North team being the "rich" team and the South team being the "poor" team.
 Another twist was that of the change in voting format, each contestants were given thirteen votes that they could use at any time and in any amount.
 Robert Drakwind, formerly known as Robert Andersson, returned to compete for a third time since 1999 along with his girlfriend, Anna Carin Wase.
 Both were "jokers" and did not enter the competition until episode 3.
 Both jokers became "chiefs" of one of the tribes and were given immunity at all pre-merge tribal councils, however from episode 4 on they could be challenged by any member of their tribe for the position of chief.
 If challenged, the chief and challenger would face off in a duel in which the winner would become chief and the loser would be eliminated from the competition.
 The final twist of the season was that of the "Finalist Island".
 Introduced in a challenge immediately preceding the merge, contestants would compete in a series of duels in which the winner would earn a spot on Finalist Island.
 The two contestants left on Finalist Island when only seven contestants were left would have immunity until the final four, while the remaining five contestants not on the island would have to compete for the two remaining spots.
 Karolina and Max were the last two contestants on Finalist Island.
 Ultimately, Karolina Conrad went on to win the season with a jury vote of 6-5 over Max Stjernfelt.
Suomen Robinson 2005, was the second season of the Finnish version of Expedition Robinson, or Survivor as it is referred to in some countries and it aired in late 2005.
 Immediately upon arriving to the island the contestants were forced to compete in two challenges in order to determine who would be eliminated.
 The two contestants, Elena Sinkevitch and Mari Jalonen, were both sent to a secret island.
 As a major twist this season, during the pre-merge portion of the game when a contestant was voted out they would move to a secret island where they would compete against two other contestants to remain in the game.
 The two contestants left on the secret island following the final duel, Elena Sinkevitch and Markku Markkanen, joined the other members of the merge tribe.
 The contestants were then divided up into two tribes known as "Goal" and "Texas".
 When it came time for the final four, the contestants took part in the infamous "plank" competition in which Jasna Preselj was eliminated and Markku Markkanen advanced to the final two.
 The other two contestants then took part in one more challenge in which Mira Jantunen won and advanced to the final two while Elena Sinkevitch was eliminated.
 The final two then took part in a duel which Mira Jantunen won and earned an extra jury vote for herself.
 Along with this, Mira also won the audience's jury vote.
 Ultimately, it was Mira Jantunen who won this season over Markku Markkanen by a unanimous jury vote of 11-0.
Robinson Ekspeditionen 2004, was the seventh season of the Danish version of the Swedish show Expedition Robinson.
 This season premiered on August 30, 2004 and aired until December 1, 2004.
 This season was the first to be hosted by the show's current host, Jakob Kjeldbjerg.
 This season began with a series of twist, the first being that two contestants would be eliminated through a challenge on day one.
 Pia "Bonnet" Trussel lost the challenge and chose Karabi Bergman to be eliminated with her.
 Following the initial elimination it was revealed to the teams that within both of the teams were two people who were related to each other; on the North team these two were Duddie and Mass Staack, a mother and son and on the South team these two were Jens and Stine Wedel, a married couple.
 Along with this, this season saw the show's first ever pregnant contestant, Natasja Hansen.
 Shortly before the merge, a tribal swap occurred that saw Brian Rosenkilde and Tine Petterssen switching tribes.
 When it came time for the final four competition all of the eliminated contestants competed to earn a spot in the final four.
 The winner of the fourth and final spot was Bjarke Møller, who initially was eliminated in a duel against Morten Fredericia.
 Ultimately, it was Mette Frandsen who won the season over Tine Petterssen and Duddie Staack by a jury vote of 3-3-2 after having answered a question correctly to break the tie.
Paolo "Paul" Roberto Torrisi (born 25 April 1970) Paul is known as one of the final four contestants on the first UK series (2005) of reality TV show "The Apprentice", in which contestants compete for a £100,000-a-year job working for British business magnate Sir Alan Sugar.
Kelsey Nixon is an American chef who hosts the Cooking Channel series "Kelsey’s Essentials", which premiered November 6, 2010.
 She was one of the final four contestants in the fourth season of the Food Network series "Food Network Star".
webRIOT was a game show that debuted on MTV on November 29, 1999.
 It was hosted by Ahmet Zappa and Masasa served as the announcer.
 The gameplay consisted of contestants answering multiple-choice music trivia questions while accompanying music videos played.
 After the question was read, four choices appeared and incorrect choices slowly disappeared.
 Contestants could lock in their choice at any time, though faster choices garnered more points.
 Incorrect choices deducted points from a player's score; an eliminated incorrect answer cost more.
 The game started with four contestants and consisted of three rounds.
 In round 1, the value of the question started at 250 points, and doubled to 500 in round 2.
 After each of the first two rounds, one contestant was eliminated.
 The final round was a two-minute "speed" round between the two remaining contestants with all questions worth +1000 or -500.
 The winner received a prize such as a trip.
Charles James Eastwood, better known as Jim Eastwood, is a Northern Irish Businessman and formerly one of the final four contestants in the seventh UK series of "The Apprentice".
 He was born in Cookstown, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland and is a graduate of the University of Ulster having also attended Harvard for a two-week course and the University of North Carolina.
 During his time on The Apprentice, he gained the nickname "Jedi Jim" due to his persuasive abilities and use of mind games.
 Eastwood is also a former all-Ireland cycling champion.
Woo Hye-mi (Korean: 우혜미 ; born April 6, 1988), also known by her stage name Miwoo (Korean: 미우 ), is a South Korean singer.
 She is well known as one of the final four contestants from the first season of the South Korean talent show series "The Voice of Korea".
The seventh UK series of "The X Factor" was broadcast on ITV between 21 August and 12 December 2010.
 The final 12 were declared on 3 October 2010.
 Four wildcards were announced on the first live show of the finals on 9 October 2010, bringing the number of finalists up to 16.
