Kennet School is an academy secondary school in Thatcham, Berkshire, England.
 In 2011, Kennet was the highest achieving state school in West Berkshire using contextual value added results and third-highest using five good GCSEs.
 The school has an annual income of just over £8.9 million and spends roughly £5,000 per student per year.
Hadrian ( ; Latin: "Publius Aelius Hadrianus Augustus" ; 24 January 76 – 10 July 138) was Roman emperor from 117 to 138.
 He is known for building Hadrian's Wall, which marked the northern limit of Britannia.
 He also rebuilt the Pantheon and constructed the Temple of Venus and Roma.
 Philhellene in most of his tastes, he is considered by some to have been a humanist, and he is regarded as the third of the Five Good Emperors.
Antoninus Pius (Latin: "Titus Aelius Hadrianus Antoninus Augustus Pius" ; 19 September 867 March 161), also known as Antoninus, was Roman emperor from 138 to 161.
 He was one of the Five Good Emperors in the Nerva–Antonine dynasty and the Aurelii.
Kù (), usually referred to as Dì Kù (), also known as Gaoxin or Gāoxīn Shì (), was (according to many versions of the list) one of the Five Emperors of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors of Chinese mythology: some sources treat Ku as a semi-historical figure, while others make fantastic mythological or religious claims about him.
 Besides varying in their degree of historicizing Ku, the various sources also differ in what specific stories about him they focus on, so that putting together the various elements of what is known regarding Ku results in a multifaceted story.
 Ku, or Gaoxin, is also known as the "White Emperor".
Heroes of History: A Brief History of Civilization from Ancient Times to the Dawn of the Modern Age is a book by Will Durant, published in 2001 and was written as a summary of Will and Ariel Durant's "The Story of Civilization".
 It describes important personalities and events in History.
 These 'Heroes' include Laozi, Muhammad, Kung fu Tze, The Buddha, Mohandas K. Gandhi, Akhenaton, Jewish prophets, Solon, Pericles, Euripides, Socrates, Julius Caesar, Augustus, The Five Good Emperors, Jesus Christ, Lorenzo de Medici, Leonardo da Vinci, Martin Luther, William Shakespeare and Sir Francis Bacon, among others.
 Originally planned as a series of audio lectures, "Heroes of History" was supposed to have twenty-three chapters, but Durant completed only twenty one before his death in 1981.
The Three Officials Temple Scenic Area () is a public park located on the southern bank of the Yellow River near the city center of Jinan, Shandong, China.
 Within the park is the site of a former temple dedicated to three legendary rulers in ancient China.
 Two of the rulers, Yao and Shun belonged to the five emperors of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.
 The third ruler commemorated by the temple was Yu the Great, who is venerated for having introduced flood control in China.
 The temple's foundation was triggered by flood damage to nearby Gaijiagou Village in 1882.
 The villagers collected money and by 1911, the temple had become a site of worship.
 It was destroyed in 1958 by a fire.
 Rebuilding of the site started in 1999, once again with donations from the inhabitants of Gaijiagou Village.
Trajan ( ; Latin: "Imperator Caesar Nerva Traianus Divi Nervae filius Augustus" ; 18 September 538August 117 AD) was Roman emperor from 98 to 117AD.
 Officially declared by the Senate "optimus princeps" ("the best ruler"), Trajan is remembered as a successful soldier-emperor who presided over the greatest military expansion in Roman history, leading the empire to attain its maximum territorial extent by the time of his death.
 He is also known for his philanthropic rule, overseeing extensive public building programs and implementing social welfare policies, which earned him his enduring reputation as the second of the Five Good Emperors who presided over an era of peace and prosperity in the Mediterranean world.
Marcus Aurelius was a name used by men from gens Aurelia.
 The most famous members were the Roman Emperors from the Nerva–Antonine dynasty (among them Caesar "Marcus Aurelius" Antoninus Augustus, who is known in English world as just Marcus Aurelius) to Marcus Aurelius Valerius "Maxentius" Augustus (Maxentius) of Diocletian's Tetrarchy.
Marcus Aurelius ( ; Latin: "Marcus Aurelius Antoninus Augustus" ; 26 April 121 – 17 March 180 AD) was Roman emperor from , ruling jointly with Lucius Verus until Verus' death in 169 and jointly with his son, Commodus, from 177.
 He was the last of the so-called Five Good Emperors.
The history of the Roman Empire covers the history of Ancient Rome from the fall of the Roman Republic in 27 BC until the abdication of the last Western emperor in 476 AD.
 Rome had begun expanding shortly after the founding of the Republic in the 6th century BC, though it did not expand outside of the Italian Peninsula until the 3rd century BC.
 Civil war engulfed the Roman state in the mid 1st century BC, first between Julius Caesar and Pompey, and finally between Octavian and Mark Antony.
 Antony was defeated at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC.
 In 27 BC the Senate and People of Rome made Octavian "imperator" ("commander") thus beginning the Principate, the first epoch of Roman imperial history usually dated from 27 BC to 284 AD; they later awarded him the name Augustus, "the venerated".
 The success of Augustus in establishing principles of dynastic succession was limited by his outliving a number of talented potential heirs: the Julio-Claudian dynasty lasted for four more emperors—Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius, and Nero—before it yielded in 69 AD to the strife-torn Year of Four Emperors, from which Vespasian emerged as victor.
 Vespasian became the founder of the brief Flavian dynasty, to be followed by the Nerva–Antonine dynasty which produced the "Five Good Emperors": Nerva, Trajan, Hadrian, Antoninus Pius and the philosophically inclined Marcus Aurelius.
 In the view of the Greek historian Dio Cassius, a contemporary observer, the accession of the emperor Commodus in 180 AD marked the descent "from a kingdom of gold to one of rust and iron"—a famous comment which has led some historians, notably Edward Gibbon, to take Commodus' reign as the beginning of the decline of the Roman Empire.
