The International Prize for Arabic Fiction (IPAF) (Arabic: الجائزة العالمية للرواية العربية‎ ‎ ) is a literary prize managed in association with the Booker Prize Foundation in London, and supported by the Emirates Foundation in Abu Dhabi.
 The prize is specifically for prose fiction by Arabic authors, along the lines of the Man Booker Prize.
 Each year, the winner of the prize receives US$50,000 and the six shortlisted authors receive US$10,000 each.
The Man Booker Prize for Fiction (formerly known as the Booker-McConnell Prize and commonly known simply as the Booker Prize) is a literary prize awarded each year for the best original novel, written in the English language and published in the UK.
 The winner of the Man Booker Prize is generally assured international renown and success; therefore, the prize is of great significance for the book trade.
 From its inception, only Commonwealth, Irish, and South African (and later Zimbabwean) citizens were eligible to receive the prize; in 2014, however, this eligibility was widened to any English-language novel.
Peter Philip Carey AO (born 7 May 1943) is an Australian novelist.
 Carey has won the Miles Franklin Award three times and is frequently named as Australia's next contender for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
 Carey is one of only four writers to have won the Booker Prize twice—the others being J. G. Farrell, J. M. Coetzee and Hilary Mantel.
 Carey won his first Booker Prize in 1988 for "Oscar and Lucinda", and won for the second time in 2001 with "True History of the Kelly Gang".
 In May 2008 he was nominated for the Best of the Booker Prize.
The Lost Man Booker Prize was a special edition of the Man Booker Prize awarded by a public vote in 2010 to a novel from 1970 as the books published in 1970 were not eligible for the Man Booker Prize due to a rules alteration; until 1970 the prize was awarded to books published in the previous year, while from 1971 onwards it was awarded to books published the same year as the award.
 The prize was won by J. G. Farrell for "Troubles".
James Kelman (born 9 June 1946) is a Scottish novelist, short story writer, playwright and essayist.
 His novel "A Disaffection" was shortlisted for the Booker Prize and won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for Fiction in 1989.
 Kelman won the 1994 Booker Prize with "How Late It Was, How Late" In 1998 Kelman was awarded the Glenfiddich Spirit of Scotland Award.
 His 2008 novel "Kieron Smith, Boy" won both of Scotland's principal literary awards: the Saltire Society's Book of the Year and the Scottish Arts Council Book of the Year.
Nina Bawden CBE FRSL JP (19 January 1925 – 22 August 2012) was an English novelist and children's writer.
 She was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1987 and the Lost Man Booker Prize in 2010.
 She is one of very few who have both served as a Booker judge and made the shortlist as an author.
The Bird of Night is a novel by Susan Hill.
 It won the 1972 Whitbread Award, and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize.
 Susan Hill commented in 2006: "A novel of mine was shortlisted for Booker and won the Whitbread Prize for Fiction.
 It was a book I have never rated.
 I don't think it works, though there are a few good things in it.
 I don't believe in the characters or the story."
The Best of the Booker is a special prize awarded in commemoration of the Booker Prize's 40th anniversary.
 Eligible books included the 41 winners of the Booker Prize since its inception in 1969.
 The six shortlisted titles were announced on 12 May 2008 and were chosen by novelist Victoria Glendinning, broadcaster Mariella Frostrup and Professor of English at University College London John Mullan.
 Among the nominees were the only two authors to have won the Booker twice, Peter Carey and J. M. Coetzee, nominated for their novels "Oscar & Lucinda" and "Disgrace" respectively.
Julian Patrick Barnes (born 19 January 1946) is an English writer.
 Barnes won the Man Booker Prize for his book "The Sense of an Ending" (2011), and three of his earlier books had been shortlisted for the Booker Prize: "Flaubert's Parrot" (1984), "England, England" (1998), and "Arthur & George" (2005).
 He has also written crime fiction under the pseudonym Dan Kavanagh.
 In addition to novels, Barnes has published collections of essays and short stories.
The Russian Booker Prize (Russian: Русский Букер , "Russian Booker") is a Russian literary award modelled after the Man Booker Prize.
 It was inaugurated by English Chief Executive Sir Michael Harris Caine in 1992.
 The country's premier literary prize, it is awarded to the best work of fiction written in the Russian language each year as decided by a panel of judges, irrespective of the writer's citizenship.
 s of 2012 , the chair of the Russian Booker Prize Committee is British journalist George Walden.
 The prize is the first Russian non-governmental literary award since the country's 1917 Revolution.
