The New England Law Review ("Bluebook" abbreviation: "New Eng.
 L. Rev.") is a law review that was established in 1965 as the Portia Law Journal.
 It obtained its current name when Portia Law School changed its name to New England School of Law in 1969.
 It is run by students and currently publishes four issues annually.
 The review also conducts Fall and Spring symposiums.
 The current editor-in-chief is Michael Martucci.
Marine Policy is a monthly interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier concerning ocean policy studies, analyzing social science disciplines relevant to the formulation of marine policy.
 It was established in 1977 by founding editor Tony Loftas.
 The current editor-in-chief is Hance D. Smith (University of Cardiff).
The Journal of Policy Analysis and Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering issues and practices in policy analysis and public management.
 It was established in 1981 and contains books reviews and a department devoted to discussing ideas and issues of importance to practitioners, researchers, and academics.
 It is the official journal of the Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management and published by Wiley-Blackwell.
 The current editor-in-chief is Maureen Pirog.
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.576, ranking it 31st out of 333 journals in the category "Economics" and 2nd out of 46 journals in the category "Public Administration".
The International Review of the Red Cross is a quarterly peer-reviewed public health journal published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the International Committee of the Red Cross.
 The journal provides a "forum for debate, reflection and critical analysis on international humanitarian law, humanitarian action and policy in times of armed conflict and other situations of violence".
 It was established in 1869 and has been published by Cambridge University Press since 2006.
 It was first published as "Bulletin international des Sociétés de secours aux militaires blessés" and later as "Bulletin international des Sociétés de la Croix-Rouge."
 The English language supplement began in 1948, the English edition in April 1961.
 Language selections of the journal are published in Arabic, Chinese, French, Russian, and Spanish.
 The current editor-in-chief is Vincent Bernard (International Committee of the Red Cross).
The Fordham Environmental Law Review is a triannual law journal published by students at Fordham University School of Law, addressing topics in environmental law, legislation, and public policy.
 It was established in 1989 as the Fordham Environmental Law Report and changed in 1993 to the Fordham Environmental Law Journal.
 In 2004, the journal obtained its current name and has established itself as one of the most prestigious journals at Fordham University School of Law.
 The journal sponsors an annual symposium.
 Notably, the law journal is the only law journal at Fordham University School of Law that allows first year law students to apply during their fall semester to become staff members of the law journal.
 This allows first year law students to gain a competitive advantage when seeking out internships, while learning the unique skills required of staff members of a law journal.
 The current Editor-in-Chief is Natalie Jensen, the Managing Editor is Vincent Nguyen, and the Executive Editor is Jenna Carroll.
Policy Studies Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization and the American Political Science Association's Public Policy Section.
 The journal was established in 1972.
 The current editor-in-chief is Edella Schlager (University of Arizona).
 The journal publishes articles on a wide range of public policy issues.
The Virginia Law Review is a law review edited and published by students at University of Virginia School of Law.
 It was established on March 15, 1913, and permanently organized later that year.
 The stated objective of the "Virginia Law Review" is "to publish a professional periodical devoted to law-related issues that can be of use to judges, practitioners, teachers, legislators, students, and others interested in the law."
 In addition to articles, the journal regularly publishes scholarly essays and student notes.
 A companion online publication, "Virginia Law Review Online" (formerly "In Brief"), has been in publication since 2007.
 The current editor-in-chief is Daniel Richardson (2017–2018).
Review of Policy Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization.
 The journal was established in 1981.
 The current editor-in-chief is Christopher Gore (Ryerson University).
 The journal focuses on the politics and policy of science, technology and environmental issues, including science policy, environment, resource management, information networks, cultural industries, biotechnology, security and surveillance, privacy, globalization, education, research and innovation, development, intellectual property, health and demographics.
 The journal is the official journal of the Science, Technology and Environmental Politics section of the American Political Science Association.
The Hamline Law Review is the flagship academic journal of the School of Law at Hamline University, St. Paul, Minnesota.
 The law review is published three times annually by the students of Hamline University School of Law.
 The Hamline Law Review was established in 1978.
 Today, it is in the top 20% of the Most Cited Law Reviews (tied with Energy Law Review at #379), based upon the number of times its articles have been cited by other journals.
 The law review's current Editor-in-Chief is Jon Baker.
Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues along with the "Journal of Social Issues" and "Social Issues and Policy Review".
 The journal was established in 2001.
 The current editor-in-chief is Kevin Lanning (Florida Atlantic University).
 The journal covers social psychological methods in the study of economic and social justice including ageism, heterosexism, racism, sexism, status quo bias, and other forms of discrimination, social problems such as climate change, extremism, homelessness, inter-group conflict, natural disasters, poverty, and terrorism, and social ideals such as democracy, empowerment, equality, health, and trust.
 Subscribers also receive a full subscription to the "Journal of Social Issues" and "Social Issues and Policy Review".
