Hänt Extra is a Swedish language weekly celebrity and youth magazine published by Aller Media in Stockholm, Sweden.
Nikola Mladenov (Macedonian: Никола Младенов ; 10 March 1964 – 26 March 2013) was a Macedonian journalist, actor, founder and managing editor of the weekly newspaper "Fokus", widely regarded as one of the most reputable journalists in Macedonia, who along with his colleagues from the newspaper "Mlad borec" is considered to have laid the basis for the pluralistic principles in the Macedonian journalism.
 The "Award for best research story of the year – Nikola Mladenov", which is awarded by the Macedonian Institute for Media, is named after him.
Tea Moderna (Macedonian: Теа Модерна ) is a Macedonian woman's weekly magazine women.
Makedonsko Sonce (Macedonian: ; English: Macedonian Sun ) is a weekly magazine published in the Republic of Macedonia.
 The title means "Macedonian Sun", referring to the Vergina Sun, which is used in the logo of the magazine.
 It was established by Gjorgija (George) Atanasoski and the first edition was published on June 24, 1994.
 It describes its own political stance as affirming "Macedonian national values, not only on territory of Macedonia but also in the other parts of ethnic Macedonia".
Orange Field Tea Factory is engaged in the manufacture of Black tea catering to the Middle - Eastern market and the C-I-S Countries (Commonwealth of Independent States).
 The factory is situated in Panwilatenne, a very small hamlet in Kandy District, Sri Lanka and located within close proximity to Loolecondera Estate where tea was planted for the first time in the Island by James Taylor (Ceylon).
 Established in the year 1950 the factory produces Black Tea from leaves grown by about 750 small plantation holders in the westen medium elevational category, at an altitude of between 650 meters to 1000 meters above sea level.
 Orange Field Tea Factory is registered with The Sri Lanka Tea Board and also is a member of the Ethical Tea Partnership.
 The average annual production for the past few years has been 500,000 kg.
 The produce is sold weekly at the Colombo tea auctions conducted by the Colombo Brokers' Association, monitored by the Colombo Tea Traders Association.
Hänt Bild is a celebrity magazine published in Sweden.
 The magazine was started in 2003.
 It is part of Aller Media AB.
 It is published on a weekly basis.
Per "Henrik" Dorsin (born 20 November 1977) is a Swedish actor, comedian, singer and revue-artist.
 Dorsin started his career as an extra in the 1995 film Vinterviken.
 He started his television career in the satire-show Detta har hänt in 1998.
 He then worked as a revue-artist and dramatist, he produced the revue Slängar av sleven, and has participated in shows with the theater group Stockholms blodbad.
 He also worked with the SVT entertainment show Säpop, and he has been part of the TV4 comedy show "Parlamentet".
 In 2007 he won the Karamelodiktstipendiet by Povel Ramel.
 In 2014 Dorsin toured with the comedy play "Henrik Dorsin - näktergalen från Holavedsvägen".
 And since 2014 Dorsin runs the theater Scalateatern in Stockholm.
Football Weekly is a podcast about football, hosted by "The Guardian" newspaper in the United Kingdom.
 Originally provided weekly (as its name suggests), its popularity led to a mid-weekly spinoff, "Football Weekly Extra".
 "Football Weekly" airs on Mondays during the European football season, after the weekend's fixtures, while "Football Weekly Extra" airs on Thursdays.
 During the Euro 2008, World Cup 2010, Euro 2012, World Cup 2014 and Euro 2016 tournaments the podcast aired daily.
Den Za Nas (in Macedonian: Ден за нас ) is the title of the fourth Macedonian language album by the Macedonian superstar Toše Proeski released in 2004.
 It is a 2-CD set which contains all of the songs performed on the National final in order to select a song for the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 with which Proeski would represent Macedonia in the contest.
 The winning song was "Life" which qualified for the final and finished on the 14th place in the final.
 Some extra songs such as "Dzvezdo Severnice", "Me Sakaš So Zborovi", "Ima Li Den Za Nas" and others were recorded especially for the album.
The 2015 Macedonian Supercup was the 3rd Macedonian Football Supercup, an annual Macedonian football match played between the winners of the previous season's First League and Macedonian Cup.
 The game will be played between Rabotnički, who beat Teteks to win the 2015 Macedonian Cup Final, and Vardar, champions of the 2014–15 First League.
 It was played at Philip II Arena, Skopje and was won by Vardar by 4–3 on penalties after the match was ended 1–1 after the regular and extra time.
