The Five Obstructions is a 2003 Danish documentary film directed by Lars von Trier and Jørgen Leth.
 The film is conceived as a documentary, but incorporates lengthy sections of experimental films produced by the filmmakers.
 The premise is that von Trier has created a challenge for his friend and mentor, Jørgen Leth, another renowned filmmaker.
 von Trier's favorite film is Leth's "The Perfect Human" (1967), and von Trier gives Leth the task of remaking "The Perfect Human" five times, each time with a different "obstruction" (or obstacle) imposed by von Trier.
The 65th Bodil Awards were held on 3 March 2012 in the Bremen Theater in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2010.
 Lars von Trier's "Melancholia" won the awards for Best Danish Film and Best Cinematography (Alberto Claro).
 The only other multiple winner was "A Funny Man", which took the awards for Best Actor (Nikolaj Lie Kaas), Best Supporting Actor (Lars Ranthe) and Best Set Design (Charlotte Bay Garnov and Peter Grant).
 It also won the new Audience Award which was introduced this year in collaboration with Blockbuster.
 The awards for Best Leading and Supporting Actresses went to Lena Maria Christensen won the award for Best Actress for her performance in "A Family" and Paprika Steen won Best Supporting Actress for "SuperClásico". "
Testamentet" directed by Christian Sønderby Jepsen earned the award for Best Documentary. "
Winter's Bone" was named Best American Film while the Iranian "A Separation" was selected as Best Non-American Film.
Epidemic is a Danish horror film of 1987 directed by Lars von Trier, the second installment of Trier's Europa trilogy.
 The other two films in the trilogy are "The Element of Crime" (1984) and "Europa" (1991).
Truly Human (Danish: Et rigtigt menneske ), certified as "Dogme #18", is a 2001 Danish drama film written and directed by Åke Sandgren, and starring Nikolaj Lie Kaas, Peter Mygind, and .
 Produced by Lars von Trier's and Peter Aalbæk Jensen's company Zentropa, the film was created following the Dogme 95 rules, and is experimental in style and narrative.
The 63rd Bodil Awardss were held on 21 March 2010 in the Imperial Cinema in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2009.
 Lasse Rimmer hosted the event.
 Lars von Triers "Antichrist" was the big winner, receiving both the awards for Best Danish Film, Best Actor (Willem Dafoe), Best Actress (Charlotte Gainsbourg), Best Cinematographer (Anthony Dod Mantle) and a Special Award to Eidnes Andersen for sound design. "
Deliver Us from Evil" won both the awards for Best Supporting Actor () and Best Supporting Actress () while "Headhunter (2009 film)" which had come to the ceremony with the most nominations, five in three categories, left empty-handed.
 The documentary "The Invisible Cell" about The Blekinge Street Gang won the award for Best Documentary.
 Carsten Myllerup, Linda Krogsøe Holmberg and Jens Mikkelsen received a Bodil Honorary Award for their role in the foundation of the alternative film school Super16.
The Kingdom (Danish title: Riget) is an eight-episode Danish television mini-series, created by Lars von Trier in 1994, and co-directed by Lars von Trier and Morten Arnfred.
 It has been edited together into a five-hour film for distribution in the United Kingdom and United States.
Zentropa or Zentropa Entertainments is a Danish film company started in 1992 by director Lars von Trier and producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
 Zentropa is named from the train company Zentropa in the film "Europa" (1991), which started the collaboration between Lars von Trier and Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
Michael C. Flessas (born June 2, 1959 in Miami, Florida), is the birth name of American actor Michael Flessas, who is of Greek ancestry.
 Flessas' most notable film role was "Angry Man" in the Cannes Film Festival 2000 Palme d'Or winning film "Dancer in the Dark" directed by Danish film director Lars von Trier.
 Originally, the director himself considered playing the role but, instead, the role was given to Flessas.
 "Dancer in the Dark" starred Icelandic singer/actress Björk who won the Best Actress award at Cannes for her role.
 French film icon, César Award winner, and Academy Award nominee Catherine Deneuve, and other noteworthy artists such as Academy Award and Tony Award winner Joel Grey, Peter Stormare, David Morse, and Stellan Skarsgård also performed in the multiple prize winning film.
 One of Björk's songs for the film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Song.
Antichrist is a 2009 English-language Danish experimental horror film written and directed by Lars von Trier, and starring Willem Dafoe and Charlotte Gainsbourg.
 It tells the story of a couple who, after the death of their child, retreat to a cabin in the woods where the man experiences strange visions and the woman manifests increasingly violent sexual behaviour and sadomasochism.
 The narrative is divided into a prologue, four chapters and an epilogue.
 The film was primarily a Danish production and co-produced by companies from six different European countries.
 It was filmed in Germany and Sweden.
Breaking the Waves is a 1996 film directed by Lars von Trier and starring Emily Watson.
 Set in the Scottish Highlands in the early 1970s, it is about an unusual young woman, Bess McNeill, and of the love she has for Jan, her husband, who asks her to have sex with other men when he becomes immobilized from a work accident.
 The film is an international co-production led by Lars von Trier's Danish company Zentropa.
 It is the first film in Trier's Golden Heart Trilogy which also includes "The Idiots" (1998) and "Dancer in the Dark" (2000).
