Tsavo East National Park is one of the oldest and largest parks in Kenya at 13,747 square kilometres.
 Situated in a semi-arid area previously known as the Taru Desert it opened in April 1948, and is located near the town of Voi in the Taita-Taveta County of the former Coast Province.
 The park is divided into east and west sections by the A109 road and a railway.
 Named for the Tsavo River, which flows west to east through the national park, it borders the Chyulu Hills National Park, and the Mkomazi Game Reserve in Tanzania.
The Tsavo Conservation Area is a complex of protected and other wildlife areas in southern Kenya and north-eastern Tanzania.
 It is composed of Tsavo East National Park, Tsavo West National Park, Chyulu Hills National Park, South Kitui National Reserve, ranches in Galana, Taita, Kulalu and Amboseli and adjacent private and communal lands.
 The Conservation Area comprises an area of around 42,000 km, of which over 25,000 km is protected.
 The protected portion in Kenya represent almost half of the country's protected areas.
The Tanzanian cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus raineyi" syn.
 "Acinonyx jubatus fearsoni"), also commonly known as East African cheetah or Kenyan cheetah, is a subspecies of cheetah native to East Africa.
 They live in grasslands and savannas of Tanzania, Kenya, Uganda and Somalia.
 The Tanzanian cheetahs are inhabiting mainly the Serengeti ecosystem, the Maasai Mara and the Tsavo landscape.
 The East African specimen was described by the American zoologist Edmund Heller under the trinomen "Felis jubatus raineyi" in British East Africa in 1913.
Lake Jipe is an inter-territorial lake straddling the borders of Kenya and Tanzania.
 On the Kenyan side, it is located south of the village of Nghonji while on the Tanzanian side, it is situated within Mwanga District, in Kilimanjaro Region.
 The lake is fed mainly by the Lumi River, which descends from Mount Kilimanjaro, as well as streams from the North Pare Mountains, being on the leeward side.
 The lake's outlet forms the Ruvu River.
 Kenya's unfenced Tsavo West National Park protects part of the lake's northern shore, while on the Tanzania side Mkomazi Game Reserve is nearby.
 The lake is known for its endemic fish, as well as water birds, mammals, wetland plants and lake-edge swamps, which can extend 2 km from Jipe's shore.
The General Service Unit (GSU) is a paramilitary wing in the National Police Service of Kenya, consisting of highly trained police officers, transported by seven dedicated Cessnas and three Bell helicopters Having been in existence since the late 1940s, the GSU has fought in a number of conflicts in and around Kenya, including the 1963 – 1969 Shifta War and the 1982 Kenyan coup.
 The Kenyan police outlines the objectives of the GSU as follows: to deal with situations affecting internal security throughout the Republic, to be an operational force that is not intended for use on duties of a permanent static nature, and primarily, to be a reserve force to deal with special operations and civil disorders.
Lieutenant-Colonel John Henry Patterson, DSO (10 November 1867 – 18 June 1947), known as J. H. Patterson, was an Irish born British soldier, hunter, author and Christian Zionist, best known for his book "The Man-Eaters of Tsavo" (1907), which details his experiences while building a railway bridge over the Tsavo river in British East Africa (now Kenya) in 1898–99.
 The book has inspired three Hollywood films - "Bwana Devil" (1952), "Killers of Kilimanjaro" (1959) and "The Ghost and the Darkness" (1996) in which he was portrayed by Val Kilmer.
The Man-eaters of Tsavo is a book written by John Henry Patterson in 1907 that recounts his experiences while overseeing the construction of a railroad bridge in what would become Kenya.
 It is titled after a pair of lions which killed his workers, and which he eventually killed.
Tsavo West National Park is located in the Coast Province of Kenya.
 The park covers an area of 9,065 square kilometres.
 The A109 road Nairobi-Mombasa and a railway divides it from the adjoining Tsavo East National Park.
 Together with adjoining ranches and protected areas, they comprise the Tsavo Conservation Area.
 Tsavo West is a more popular destination on account of its magnificent scenery, Mzima Springs, rich and varied wildlife, good road system, rhino reserve, rock climbing potential and guided walks along the Tsavo River.
 The park is operated by Kenya Wildlife Service.
The Tsavo Man-Eaters were a pair of man-eating Tsavo lions responsible for the deaths of a number of construction workers on the Kenya-Uganda Railway from March through December 1898.
 The significance of this pair of lions was their unusual behavior, such as the number of men killed and the manner of the attacks.
The Ghost and the Darkness is a 1996 American historical adventure film directed by Stephen Hopkins and starring Val Kilmer and Michael Douglas.
 The screenplay was written by William Goldman.
 The story is a fictionalized account of the Tsavo Man-Eaters, two lions that attacked and killed workers at Tsavo, Kenya, during the building of the Uganda-Mombasa Railway in East Africa in 1898.
