Peabody High School is a public high school in Trenton, Tennessee, operated by the Trenton Special School District for grades 9-12.
 The school mascot is The Golden Tide and school colors are black and gold.
 The Trenton campus of Dyersburg State Community College is adjacent to the Peabody campus.
 This allows Peabody students an opportunity to obtain college credit by taking courses at Dyersburg State while attending high school.
Miss May I is an American metalcore band from Troy, Ohio.
 Formed in 2007, they signed to Rise Records in 2008 and released their debut album, "Apologies Are for the Weak" through the label while the members were still attending high school.
 The album reached 76 on the "Billboard" 200, No. 29 on Billboard's Top Heatseekers, and No. 66 on Top Independent Albums.
 The band has also had some of their material featured in big name productions; the song "Forgive and Forget" is featured on the "Saw VI" Original Motion Picture Soundtrack, and their song "Apologies Are for the Weak" is included in the video game "".
Lazaro Camejo (born December 27, 1991), better known by his stage name Bizzy Crook or BZZY, is an American rapper from Miami, Florida.
 While still attending high school, he signed his first record deal with Mona Scott.
 Eventually parting ways with the label, Bizzy Crook has been releasing new music as an independent artist, which has led him to be on tour with the likes of Kid Ink and Wale.
 After recently being part of the Tidal (service) Discovery panel, Bizzy performed for the 2015 Made in America event headlined by Beyoncé, The Weeknd, J. Cole and more.
 Most known for his mixtapes ’84 and No Hard Feelings, his next project titled “A Part of Everything” is scheduled to release in 2016.
The A. Philip Randolph Campus High School is a four-year public high school in New York City.
 It is located in Harlem, adjacent to the City College of New York.
 It occupies a landmark building formerly occupied by The High School of Music & Art.
 The school was established in 1979 as an educational collaboration between the Board of Education and The City College of New York.
 The high school is open to all New York City residents, and more than 90% of its graduates attend college.
 Its daily attendance rate is 90 percent or better throughout the year.
 The students may take eleven advanced placement (AP) courses in five subject areas as well as college courses at Randolph, The City College, and Borough of Manhattan Community College.
 In doing so, many students earn college credits while attending high school.
The National Tainan Second Senior High School (TNSSH; ), located in the North District of Tainan City, was established in May, 1914, during the period of Japanese colonial control (see Taiwan under Japanese rule) and it was the first senior high school in middle and southern Taiwan.
 The school is one of the most prestigious high schools in the city.
 As for the recent high school entry exam, which is mandatory for a student in Taiwan for attending high school, a student must have the top 10-11% mark in the test in order to gain admission to the school.
American pop rock band Maroon 5 has released five studio albums, three live albums, two compilation albums, one remix album, three extended plays (EPs), 18 singles, six promotional singles, and 23 music videos.
 The group originally formed in 1994 as Kara's Flowers while they were still attending high school.
 With a line-up of Adam Levine, Jesse Carmichael, Mickey Madden and Ryan Dusick, they released their independent album, "We Like Digging?
".
 In 1997, they signed to Reprise Records and released an album, "The Fourth World".
 After a tepid response to the album, the band parted with their record label and attended college.
 In 2001, the band regrouped and added James Valentine to the lineup, and pursued a new direction under the name Maroon 5.
Larner Somers Gardner Conover (May 21, 1894 – August 4, 1945) was a professional football player who played during the early years of the National Football League.
 After attending high school in Atlantic City, New Jersey, Conover attended Penn State University, where he served as the team's captain in 1917.
 Conover was the head basketball coach at Clemson for the 1921 season.
Kayla Pedersen (born April 14, 1989) is an American basketball forward for the Connecticut Sun of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
 She was selected 7th overall in the 2011 WNBA Draft.
 She was selected for the 2006 State Farm Holiday Classic all-tournament as a senior at Red Mountain High School in Arizona.
 After attending high school she went to Stanford University, where she had a highly successful career.
Pascal Frank Calogero, Jr. (born November 9, 1931), is the former Chief Justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court.
 He is a graduate of Loyola University New Orleans School of Law, where he was initiated into the Alpha Delta Gamma National Fraternity.
 He resides in New Orleans, Louisiana.
 His father was a New Orleans police officer who encouraged his son to pursue a career in law.
 Calogero received his early education at C.J. Colton Grammar School and graduated from St. Aloysius High School in 1949.
 He held a variety of jobs while attending high school, playing baseball on the championship team at St. Aloysius and excelling academically.
 After a course of pre-legal studies at Loyola University, Calogero earned his juris doctorate from Loyola Law School.
 He was president of the Loyola Law Review's student editorial board and ranked first in his class.
 In 1992 he rexceived a master of laws degree in judicial process from the University of Virginia.
Nina Belle Ward, an American painter, was born to James Pegram Ward and Martha Vesta Payne on January 23, 1885 in Rome, Georgia.
 After attending high school in Chattanooga, Tennessee, she attended New York University's School of Pedagogy from 1902-1903, after which she became a student at the St. Louis School of Fine Arts during the 1905-06 academic year and won silver and bronze medals as well as an honorable mention for her color and black and white portraits, From 1907 through 1912 she attended the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts (PAFA) where she won Cresson Traveling fellowships in 1908, 1909 and 1911 (among the first American women to be awarded the fellowship and the only woman to have been awarded three) allowing her to visit England, Wales, the Netherlands, France, Switzerland, Austria, Germany, Belgium and Spain.
