Aureusvirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Tombusviridae.
 Plants serve as natural hosts.
 There are currently four species in this genus including the type species Pothos latent virus.
Austrobaileyales is an order of flowering plants, consisting of about 100 species of woody plants growing as trees, shrubs and lianas.
 Perhaps the most familiar species is "Illicium verum", from which comes the spice star anise.
 The order belongs to the group of basal angiosperms, the ANA grade, which diverged earlier from the remaining flowering plants, and, as such, it is the extant group after the Amborellales and Nymphaeales, that is sister to all remaining extant angiosperms outside of the ANA grade.
 The order includes just three families of flowering plants, the Austrobaileyaceae, a monotypic family containing the sole genus, "Austrobaileya scandens", a woody liana, the Schisandraceae, a family of trees, shrubs, or lianas containing essential oils, and the Trimeniaceae, essential oil-bearing trees and lianas.
Pothoideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the Araceae family.
 The subfamily consists of four genera namely, "Anthurium", "Pothos", "Pedicellarum", and "Pothoidium".
 It contains two tribes, Anthurieae and Pothoeae.
 The species in the subfamily are true aroids.
Psychotria is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.
 It contains around 1,850 species and is therefore one of the largest genera of flowering plants.
 The genus has a pantropical distribution and members of the genus are small understorey trees in tropical forests.
 Some species are endangered or facing extinction due to deforestation, especially species of central Africa and the Pacific.
Pothos is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family.
 It is native to China, the Indian Subcontinent, Australia, New Guinea, Southeast Asia, and various islands of the Pacific and Indian Oceans.
Cyrtandra is a genus of flowering plants containing about 600 species, with more being discovered often, and is thus the largest genus in the family Gesneriaceae.
 These plants are native to Southeast Asia, Australia, and the Pacific Islands, with the centre of diversity in Southeast Asia and the Malesian region.
 The genus is common, but many species within it are very rare, localized, endangered endemic plants.
 The species can be difficult to identify because they are highly polymorphic and because they readily hybridize with each other.
 The plants may be small herbs, vines, shrubs, epiphytes, or trees.
 The genus is characterized in part by having two stamens, and most species have white flowers, with a few red-, orange-, yellow- and pink-flowered species known.
 Almost all species live in rainforest habitats.
Chiranthodendron is a flowering genus in the family Malvaceae.
 It comprises a single species of tree, Chiranthodendron pentadactylon.
Tibouchina heteromalla, known by the common name silverleafed princess flower in English is a species of evergreen flowering plant in the genus "Tibouchina" of the family Melastomataceae.
 It is native to Brazil.
Tibouchina Aubl.
 is a Neotropical flowering plant genus in Melastomataceae Juss.
 that contains approximately 240 species.
 Species of this genus are herbs, shrubs or trees and typically have purple flowers.
 They are native to Mexico, the Caribbean, and South America where they are found as far south as northern Argentina.
 Members of this genus are known as glory bushes, glory trees or princess flowers.
 The name "Tibouchina" is adapted from a Guianan indigenous name for a member of this genus .
 A recent systematic study has shown that this genus is paraphyletic.
Zeltnera is a genus of flowering plants in the gentian family.
 It was erected in 2004 when the genus "Centaurium" (the centauries) was split.
 Genetic analysis revealed that "Centaurium" was polyphyletic, made up of plants that could be grouped into four clades. Each became a genus.
 "Centaurium" remained, but it is now limited to the Eurasian species.
 The Mexican species now belong to genus "Gyrandra", and the Mediterranean and Australian plants are in genus "Schenkia".
 The new name "Zeltnera" was given to this genus, which contains most of the North American centauries.
 There are about 25 species.
