Mark O'Brien (born May 7, 1984) is a Canadian actor and director.
 He is best known for playing the role of Des Courtney in "Republic of Doyle" and Tom Rendon in "Halt and Catch Fire.
The Leftovers is an American television drama series created by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta, that aired on HBO from June 29, 2014, to June 4, 2017.
 It is based on Perrotta's novel of the same name.
 The pilot was written by Lindelof and Perrotta, and directed by Peter Berg.
 The series stars an ensemble cast featuring Justin Theroux, Amy Brenneman, Christopher Eccleston, Liv Tyler, Chris Zylka, Margaret Qualley, Carrie Coon, Ann Dowd, Regina King, and Scott Glenn.
 The series was renewed for a second season, which premiered on October 4, 2015, and concluded December 6, 2015.
 On December 10, 2015, HBO renewed the show for a third and final season, which premiered on April 16, 2017 and concluded on June 4, 2017.
Toby Huss (born December 9, 1966) is an American actor known for portraying Artie in the Nickelodeon series "The Adventures of Pete & Pete" (1993–1996).
 He is also known for his voice-over work on the long-running animated series "King of the Hill" (1997–2010) and his role as Felix "Stumpy" Dreifuss on HBO's "Carnivàle" (2003–2005).
 He currently plays John Bosworth on the AMC original period drama "Halt and Catch Fire".
The Keeping Hours is a 2017 American supernatural romantic horror film directed by Karen Moncrieff and written by Rebecca Sonnenshine.
 The film stars Lee Pace and Carrie Coon.
Kerry Lynne Bishé (born May 1, 1984) is a New Zealand-born American actress, known for her lead role as Donna Clark in the AMC television series "Halt and Catch Fire".
 Bishé played the lead/narrator role on the final season of ABC's medical sitcom "Scrubs" and starred in the critically acclaimed drama film "Argo".
Scott Michael Foster (born March 4, 1985) is an American actor.
 He is best known for his roles as Captain John Paul "Cappie" Jones in the ABC Family comedy-drama series "Greek" (2007-2011), Leo Hendrie in the ABC Family drama "Chasing Life" (2014—2015) and as Nathaniel Plimpton III in "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend".
 Foster also had recurring roles on "Californication", "Halt and Catch Fire", and "Once Upon a Time".
Lee Grinner Pace (born March 25, 1979) is an American actor.
 Pace has been featured in film, stage and television.
 He currently stars as protagonist Joe MacMillan in AMC's "Halt and Catch Fire".
 He also played Roy Walker/the Masked Bandit in the 2006 film "The Fall".
 He has appeared in film series, including "" as Garrett and "The Hobbit" trilogy as Thranduil.
 He played villain Ronan the Accuser in the film "Guardians of the Galaxy", and starred as Ned in the ABC series "Pushing Daisies" for which he was nominated for the Golden Globe Award and Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series in 2008.
Halt and Catch Fire is an American period drama television series created by Christopher Cantwell and Christopher C. Rogers that premiered on AMC on June 1, 2014.
 Taking place over a period of ten years, the series depicts a fictionalized insider's view of the personal computer revolution of the 1980s and later the growth of the World Wide Web in the early 1990s.
 The series' first two seasons are set in the Silicon Prairie of Dallas–Fort Worth, while the latter two seasons are set in Silicon Valley.
 The show's title refers to computer machine code instruction HCF, the execution of which would cause the computer's central processing unit to stop working ("catch fire" was a humorous exaggeration).
"Halt and Catch Fire" is an American period drama television series created by Christopher Cantwell and Christopher C. Rogers, that premiered on AMC on June 1, 2014.
 The series depicts a fictionalized insider's view of the personal computer revolution of the 1980s and later the growth of the World Wide Web in the early 1990s.
 The series' first two seasons are set in the Silicon Prairie of Dallas–Fort Worth, while the third and fourth seasons are set in Silicon Valley.
 The show's title refers to computer machine code instruction HCF, whose execution would cause the computer's central processing unit to stop working (but not really catch fire).
Carrie Alexandra Coon (born January 24, 1981) is an American actress.
 On stage, Coon was nominated for a Tony Award for her performance in the 2012 revival of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
".
 In film, she starred as Margo Dunne in the 2014 thriller film "Gone Girl".
 From 2014 to 2017, she starred as Nora Durst in the HBO drama series "The Leftovers", for which she received widespread critical acclaim, winning a Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Drama Series.
 Coon also won for the TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Drama, for "The Leftovers" and for her lead role as Gloria Burgle in the third season of the FX anthology series "Fargo", along with a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie for "Fargo".
