The Benty Grange helmet is an archaeological artefact excavated by Thomas Bateman on 3 May 1848 from an Anglo-Saxon tumulus (or "barrow") at the Benty Grange Farm in the civil parish of Monyash in the English county of Derbyshire.
Jewellery (British English) or jewelry (American English) consists of small decorative items worn for personal adornment, such as brooches, rings, necklaces, earrings, pendants and bracelets. Jewellery may be attached to the body or the clothes, and the term is restricted to durable ornaments, excluding flowers for example.
 For many centuries metal, often combined with gemstones, has been the normal material for jewellery, but other materials such as shells and other plant materials may be used.
 It is one of the oldest type of archaeological artefact – with 100,000-year-old beads made from "Nassarius" shells thought to be the oldest known jewellery.
 The basic forms of jewellery vary between cultures but are often extremely long-lived; in European cultures the most common forms of jewellery listed above have persisted since ancient times, while other forms such as adornments for the nose or ankle, important in other cultures, are much less common.
The Joe Bell Site (9MG28) is an archaeological site located in Morgan County, Georgia underneath Lake Oconee, but prior to the 1970s, it was located south of the mouth of the Apalachee River on the western bank of the Oconee River.
 The junction of these two rivers could be seen from the site.
 This site was first visited by Marshall Williams in 1968 at the suggestion of the site’s landowner, Joe Bell, who had discovered various artifacts while the site was being regularly plowed.
 Because of Interstate construction, Marshall Williams and Mark Williams discovered this site during surface surveys and excavations of the plowed areas.
 The site was excavated and analyzed by Mark Williams as part of his PhD dissertation.
 During the 1969 excavations, four areas within the site were designated for excavation.
 In Areas 1-3 various five foot square units were excavated.
 No excavations were done in Area 4 in 1969.
 Large quantities of small potsherds were discovered during these excavations, and they ranged from the Duvall Phase in Area 1 to Bell Phase in Areas 2-4.
 As part of the 1969 excavations, a road grading machine took off the topsoil of twelve strips on the site.
 This uncovered Features 1 and 2, and they were completely excavated.
 In 1977, the site was revisited by Marshall Williams and Mark Williams.
 Since various plans threatened this site, major excavations took place from June 15, 1977 until September 16, 1977 by Mark Williams.
 Most of the work centered on Area 2 or the Bell Phase portion of the site.
 The Bell Phase portion of this site was probably no more the 1.5 acres .
 Because of time constraints, only 17 of 55 features were excavated, and no more than a handful of the 1100 posts were excavated.
 A few trips were made back to the site the following year with the help of volunteers, and approximately 80% of the area stripped by heavy machinery was mapped.
 Some of the features were trash features that consisted of a circular pit filled with food residues and pottery sherds.
 Evidence of a large circular structure or rotunda was found at the site.
 It was the social, political, and religious center for the inhabitants.
 A large quantity of the features was small, circular, semi-subterranean structures that were probably used as sleeping quarters on cold nights.
 Another structure found was warm weather structures.
 One major trash feature was found that had been deposited in a single episode and was burned during or after deposition.
 Numerous sherds were found in this pit, and a large number of reconstructable vessels were present.
 Ethnohistoric literature of the Southeast suggests that this feature was formed during a Busk or Green Corn ceremony.
 The ceremony has been described as the physical cleansing of the town.
The Slatino furnace model is an ancient ceramic artefact excavated at an archeological site near Slatino in Bulgaria.
 It was found among the remains of a burned down dwelling dated from the Eneolithic period (ca. 5000 BCE).
 The description 'furnace model' (and name) has been adopted in the absence of a definite idea about the use and meaning of the object.
 On its largest flat side there is a clearly traced rough
Ngườm is an archaeological site in Thái Nguyên Province, northern Vietnam.
 It is a rock shelter in a limestone cliff near the Thần Sa River that was excavated in 1981 by archaeologists from the Vietnam Institute of Archaeology.
 Flaked stone artefacts have been found in deposits containing shells with radiocarbon ages of 23,000 years ago.
 The site is important because of its unusually high proportion of retouched flakes in the stone artefact assemblage, relative to other sites in Southeast Asia.
May Assembly (Serbian: Мајска скупштина / Majska skupština ) was the national assembly of the Serbs in Austrian Empire, held on 1 and 3 May 1848 in Sremski Karlovci, during which the Serbs proclaimed autonomous Serbian Vojvodina.
 This action was later recognized by the supreme Austrian authority in Vienna.
 May Assembly was part of the European Revolutions of 1848.
Five Wells is a chambered tomb and scheduled ancient monument on Taddington Moor in the Peak District.
 Three stones mark the main chamber, which has been dramatically reduced; a second less well-preserved chamber is to the west.
 Access can be had on foot via a permitted path from Pillwell Gate to the west.
 The mound was excavated by Thomas Bateman in 1846.
The Artognou stone, sometimes referred to as the Arthur stone, is an archaeological artefact uncovered in Cornwall in the United Kingdom.
 It was discovered in 1998 in securely dated sixth-century contexts among the ruins at Tintagel Castle in Cornwall, a secular, high status settlement of sub-Roman Britain.
 It appears to have originally been a practice dedication stone for some building or other public structure, but it was broken in two and re-used as part of a drain when the original structure was destroyed.
 Upon its discovery the stone achieved some notoriety due to the suggestion that "Artognou" was connected to the legendary King Arthur, though scholars such as John Koch have criticized the evidence for this connection.
Hans Ernst Karl, Graf von Zieten (5 March 1770 – 3 May 1848) was an officer in the Prussian Army during the Napoleonic Wars.
Morphology in archaeology, the study of shapes and forms, and their grouping into period styles remains a crucial tool, despite modern techniques like radiocarbon dating, in the identification and dating not only of works of art but all classes of archaeological artefact, including purely functional ones (ignoring the question of whether purely functional artefacts exist).
 The term morphology ("study of shapes", from the Greek) is more often used for this.
 Morphological analyses of many individual artefacts are used to construct typologies for different types of artefact, and by the technique of seriation a relative dating based on shape and style for a site or group of sites is achieved where scientific absolute dating techniques cannot be used, in particular where only stone, ceramic or metal artefacts or remains are available, which is often the case.
 That artefacts such as pottery very often survive only in fragments makes precise knowledge of morphology even more necessary, as it is often necessary to identify and date a piece of pottery from only a few sherds.
