Tyler's Ground (also known as Tyler's Meadow) was a cricket ground in Loughborough, Leicestershire.
 It is believed the ground was located along Allsop's Lane on the edge of the town, with the ground being described as located a short distance from Loughborough railway station.
 The first recorded match played at the ground was in 1856, when Loughborough played an All-England Eleven.
 A single first-class match was played at the ground in 1875, when the North played the South, with W. G. Grace taking nine wickets in the North's first-innings and William Mycroft taking six wickets in the South's first-innings.
 Grace then took five wickets in the North's second-innings, ending with match figures of 14/108, while Mycroft took eight wickets in the South's second-innings to finish with match figures of 14/38.
 No batsman passed 26 runs, with the highest innings score being 130 in the North's second-innings.
 The match ended in a victory by 125 runs for the North.
 No further matches are recorded as being played at the ground following this date and its location is today agricultural fields.
Nathan "Nate" Drake (born Nathan Morgan) is the protagonist of the "Uncharted" video game series, developed by Naughty Dog.
 He appears in all five games: "", "", "", "" and "", as well as the motion comic prequel series "".
 A charismatic yet rebellious treasure hunter, the player controls Drake as he journeys across the world to uncover various historical mysteries.
 He is played through voice and motion capture by Nolan North, who influenced Drake's personality by ad-libbing segments of the character's dialogue.
 Tom Holland will portray Drake in the live action adaptation.
The North of England and South of England cricket teams appeared in first-class cricket between the 1836 and 1961 seasons, most often in matches against each other but also individually in games against touring teams, Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and others.
 Until international cricket became firmly established towards the end of the 19th century, the North v South match was one of the major fixtures in the cricketing calendar along with Gentlemen v Players.
 Indeed it was really "the" major fixture because whereas the Gentlemen teams were often very weak, North v South could potentially showcase the best 22 players in the country.
 In all, the North played against the South 155 times in first-class matches.
Burton-on-Trent Cricket Ground (exact name unknown) was a cricket ground in Burton-on-Trent, Staffordshire.
 The first recorded match on the ground was in 1840, when the North played the Marylebone Cricket Club in the grounds first first-class match.
 The following year the ground held its second and final first-class match when the North again played the Marlybone Cricket Club.
Gerard Christopher (born Jerry DiNome in New York City on May 11, 1959) is an American actor.
 He was the second actor to play the role of "Superboy" in the series of the same name (1989–1992).
 During his tenure on "Superboy" he would later also be a producer and writer on the series.
 He has performed in a number of telemovies, and was a guest star on daytime soap operas such as "Days of Our Lives" and "Sunset Beach", and the prime time soap opera "Melrose Place".
 He has also starred in the comedy movie "Tomboy" (1985).
Frederic Dudley North CMG (9 November 1866 – 22 August 1921) was an English-born public servant and sportsman.
 A descendant of the Barons North, he attended Rugby School before emigrating to Western Australia in 1886.
 North played two first-class matches for Western Australia, and was also involved in cricket administration, serving as the first secretary of the Western Australian Cricket Association (WACA).
 Outside of cricket, North worked as a public servant, filling various roles in the Western Australian government, including secretary to Sir John Forrest, the first Premier of Western Australia, and head Colonial Secretary's Department.
 He was also Mayor of Cottesloe between 1906 and 1907 and again from 1911 to 1916.
 North died in Cottesloe from a heart attack in 1921, at the age of 54.
Meadow Road was a cricket ground in Beeston, Nottinghamshire.
 The first recorded match on the ground was in 1867, when the Gentlemen of Nottinghamshire played the Gentlemen of Lincolnshire.
 In 1870, the ground hosted its only first-class match when the Gentlemen of the North played the Gentlemen of the South.
 The last recorded match on the ground came in 1961 when Nottinghamshire Juniors played Derbyshire Juniors.
Eustace Herbert Guest North (4 November 1868 – 17 March 1925) was an English international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Oxford University and Blackheath.
 North played international rugby for England and was an original member of invitational team, the Barbarians.
Barker's Ground was a cricket ground in Leicester, Leicestershire.
 The first recorded match on the ground was in 1825, when Leicester played Sheffield.
 The first first-class match came in 1836, when the North played the South; the South won by 218 runs, largely due to Alfred Mynn's two not out innings.
 The North used the ground for 4 further first-class matches up to 1846, including the ground's final first-class match between the North and the Marylebone Cricket Club.
 Midland Counties played a single first-class match at Barker's Ground against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1843.
 The final recorded match on the ground saw Leicestershire play an All-England Eleven in 1860.
Racecourse Ground Promenade was a cricket ground in Northampton, Northamptonshire, situated within what was Northampton Racecourse.
 The first recorded match on the ground was in 1844, when the Gentlemen of the North played the Gentlemen of the South.
 The ground held its only first-class match in 1872 when a United North of England Eleven played a United South of England Eleven.
 The ground held its final recorded match in 1885 when Northamptonshire played Warwickshire.
