Tenerife South Airport (Spanish: "Aeropuerto de Tenerife Sur" ) (IATA: TFS, ICAO: GCTS) , previously known as Tenerife South–Reina Sofia Airport, is the larger of the two international airports located on the island of Tenerife (the other being Tenerife North Airport) and the second busiest in the Canary Islands (after Gran Canaria Airport).
 It is located in the municipality of Granadilla de Abona and handled over 9 million passengers in 2014.
2-Fluoroethanol is the chemical compound with the formula CHFCHOH and the simplest fluorohydrin.
 This colorless liquid is one of the simplest stable fluorinated alcohols.
 It was developed for use as a rodenticide, insecticide, and acaricide.
 Owing to its easy oxidation to fluoroacetic acid, fluoroethanol is highly toxic (LD = 10 mg/kg).
 The related difluoro- and trifluoroethanols are far less dangerous.
Jacob Louis Veldhuyzen van Zanten (5 February 1927 – 27 March 1977) was a Dutch aircraft captain and flight instructor.
 He was the captain of the KLM Royal Dutch Airlines Boeing 747 which was involved in the Tenerife airport disaster, the deadliest accident in aviation history.
Garachico is a municipality and town on the northern coast of Tenerife, about 52 km West of the capital Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 50 km from Tenerife North Airport and 67 km from Tenerife South Airport.
 The town itself nestles below a 500m+ (1500 ft) cliff.
 Garachico and the surrounding area is arguably the least spoilt coastal area of Tenerife, and is in sharp contrast to areas such as Playa de las Americas.
 It is still very Spanish in character, and a Spanish phrasebook is advisable for non-Spanish speaking visitors.
The 1938 Jersey Airport disaster occurred at 10:50am on Friday 4 November 1938 when the Jersey Airways de Havilland D.H.86 airliner "St Catherine's Bay" (G-ACZN) crashed in the parish of Saint Brélade, 500 yards east of Jersey Airport, killing the pilot and all twelve passengers on board as well as farm hand Edmund Le Cornu, who was working on the ground.
 In terms of loss of life, it was the worst crash of a rigid aircraft on British territory to date and the second-worst overall crash of a British rigid aircraft after the crash of an Imperial Airways airliner in Belgium in 1933 (in which 15 people died).
This is a list of aviation-related events from 1977, This is the year of the worst air disaster in history, the Tenerife airport disaster.
 Here are the aviation events of 1977:
Tenerife Airport may refer to one of two airports on the Spanish island of Tenerife, in the Canary Islands:
The Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision occurred on 12 November 1996 over the village of Charkhi Dadri, to the west of New Delhi, India.
 The aircraft involved were a Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 747-100B en route from Delhi to Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, and a Kazakhstan Airlines Ilyushin Il-76 en route from Chimkent, Kazakhstan, to Delhi.
 The crash killed all 349 people on board both planes, making it the world's deadliest mid-air collision, the deadliest aviation accident to occur in India, and the third-deadliest aircraft accident in the history of aviation, behind only the Tenerife airport disaster and Japan Airlines Flight 123.
Eve Meyer (born Evelyn Eugene Turner; December 13, 1928 – March 27, 1977) was an American pin-up model, motion picture actress, and film producer.
 Much of her work was done in conjunction with sexploitation filmmaker Russ Meyer to whom she was married from 1952 to 1969.
 She was killed in the Tenerife airport disaster in 1977, the worst aviation accident in history.
The International Tenerife Memorial March 27, 1977, erected in memory of the 583 victims of the Tenerife airport disaster, is a monument located on the Mesa Mota on the outskirts of the city of San Cristóbal de La Laguna on the island of Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain).
 This location offers spectacular views of Los Rodeos airport (now Tenerife North Airport) and even, on clear days, the silhouette of Mount Teide.
