Another Country is a studio album by singer-songwriter Tift Merritt.
 It was recorded in the summer of 2007, produced in L.A. by George Drakoulias, and released on February 26, 2008 by Fantasy Records.
 For her third album, Tift Merritt took hiatus with a piano in Paris and came home with her most personal and powerful songs to date.
 Merritt has described the writing as a plainspoken look at the distance we all attempt to cross: between two people, between one heart and the rest of the world.
Lemonjelly.ky is the debut album release by downtempo/trip hop act Lemon Jelly.
 Released on 23 October 2000, it is a compilation release, as all nine tracks from this album originated on the duo's first three limited edition EPs: "The Bath", "The Yellow" and "The Midnight", although minor changes were made for the album release.
Catherine Tift Merritt (born January 8, 1975) is an American singer-songwriter and musician.
 She has released seven studio albums, two for Lost Highway Records, two for Fantasy Records, and three for Yep Roc Records.
Tambourine is the second album by alternative country artist Tift Merritt.
 It was released in 2004 by Lost Highway Records, and earned her a Grammy nomination for Best Country Album.
Jerry Leger (born April 19, 1985 Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian singer-songwriter.
 Since 2005, he has released 8 acclaimed albums (4 solo, 3 credited to Jerry Leger & The Situation and 1 with his side project, The Del Fi's) and toured extensively playing shows with acts such as Ron Sexsmith, The Sadies, Jesse Winchester, Fred Eaglesmith, Danny Michel, Jill Barber, Justin Townes Earle, Deer Tick, Skydiggers, Jim Lauderdale, Dawes, Tift Merritt, Doug Paisley, among others.
Bramble Rose is the debut album by alternative country artist Tift Merritt.
 It was released on Lost Highway Records in 2002.
Live at the El Rey was a limited edition live album recorded by New Orleans electro-rock band Mutemath.
 The album was recorded live at the El Rey Theatre in Los Angeles on the Album Release Tour in January 2006 and features a selection of six songs from the actual set performed on the Album Release Tour.
 Video of the performances was also recorded and used for promotional materials on various online media outlets including AOL Music and was included in the UK physical release of the single "Typical".
 Only 25,000 copies of the EP were printed and sold as part of an exclusive limited edition version of the group's self-titled debut album "Mutemath" when it was re-released in the US on Warner Bros.
 Records on September 26, 2006.
 International releases also include the EP, but the number of copies printed is unknown.
 It is also available on iTunes as bonus tracks for the "deluxe" version of the self-titled album "MuteMath"
Yep Roc Records is an American independent record label based in Hillsborough, North Carolina, and owned by Redeye Distribution.
 Since 1997, the label has released albums from North Carolina and international artists, including Aoife O'Donovan, Chatham County Line, Dave Alvin, Gang of Four, Los Straitjackets, Nick Lowe, Paul Weller, Robyn Hitchcock, Ryan Adams, The Apples in Stereo, The Reverend Horton Heat, Mandolin Orange, and Tift Merritt.
The discography of West Coast hip hop artist Mack 10 consists of eight studio albums, two compilation albums, twenty-two singles, and fifteen music videos.
 He has also collaborated on two albums and was featured in two soundtrack albums.
 After signing to Priority Records in 1995, Mack 10 released his self-titled debut album in June.
 The album, produced by fellow rapper Ice Cube, saw considerable commercial success and went Gold in the US.
 His prosperity continued when he released "Based on a True Story", which peaked at number fourteen on the US "Billboard" 200.
 The rapper collaborated with Tha Dogg Pound to record "Nothin' But the Cavi Hit" which was released on the "Rhyme & Reason" soundtrack.
 Mack 10's 1998 release, "The Recipe", was the rapper's third and final album to be certified Gold in the US by RIAA.
 Mack 10's album sales began to decline after his first compilation album release, "Hoo-Bangin': The Mix Tape, Vol.
 1".
 His fourth studio album, "The Paper Route" (2000), debuted at number nineteen on the "Billboard" 200; however, it failed to earn the rapper any RIAA certifications.
Leslie and the Badgers or Leslie Stevens and The Badgers is a Los Angeles-based folk-country band that was formed in 2006 by the songwriter and vocalist Leslie Stevens, formerly of the female fronted punk band Zeitgeist Auto Parts.
 The Badgers released their first album, "Leslie and the Badgers", in 2007.
 It is currently out of print.
 Five songs from the album became the EP "Greetings from..." in 2008.
 The band's 2009 release, "Roomful of Smoke", was produced by David Bianco (Bob Dylan, Tom Petty, Tift Merritt). "
The Los Angeles Times" said Stevens' voice and writing evokes Patsy Cline while "No Depression" wrote that she calls to mind Emmylou Harris.
