The NBA G League All-Star Game is an annual exhibition basketball game held by the NBA G League.
 The G League was founded in 2001 as the National Basketball Development League (NBDL) and later as the NBA Development League (D-League).
 The league adopted its current name at the start of the 2017–18 season.
 The league serves as the National Basketball Association's official minor league basketball organization.
The Iowa Wolves are an American professional basketball team based in Des Moines, Iowa.
 It is owned by and affiliated with the Minnesota Timberwolves as of the 2017–18 season.
 They play in the Western Conference in the NBA G League, a minor league basketball organization run by the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The Wolves play their home games at the Wells Fargo Arena.
 From 2007 to 2017, the team was known as the Iowa Energy in the NBA Development League (D-League) until being purchased and renamed by the Timberwolves.
 They broke the D-league attendance record on their first ever home game with 8,842 fans.
 They later set the record again in game two of the 2011 D-League Finals with an attendance of 14,036 fans.
 They won the 2011 D-League Finals, defeating the Rio Grande Valley Vipers two-games-to-one.
The 2016–17 NBA Development League season was the 16th season of the NBA Development League (NBA D-League).
 The NBA D-League is the official minor league basketball organization owned by the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The following the season, the league was rebranded to NBA G League as part of multi-year partnership with Gatorade and its parent company, PepsiCo.
The NBA G League is the National Basketball Association's official minor league basketball organization.
 The league was known as the National Basketball Development League (NBDL) from 2001 to 2005, and the NBA Development League (NBA D-League) from 2005 until 2017.
 The league started with eight teams until NBA commissioner David Stern announced a plan to expand the NBA D-League to fifteen teams and develop it into a true minor league farm system, with each NBA D-League team affiliated with one or more NBA teams in March 2005.
 At the conclusion of the 2013–14 NBA season, 33% of NBA players had spent time in the NBA D-League, up from 23% in 2011.
 As of the 2017–18 season, the league consists of 26 teams, all of which are either single-affiliated or owned by an NBA team.
Othyus Jeffers (born August 5, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Barangay Ginebra San Miguel of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
 Jeffers played college basketball with the University of Illinois at Chicago for two years, before transferring to Robert Morris University for his senior season.
 He then started his professional career with the Iowa Energy of the NBA D-League, a minor league basketball organization owned and run by the NBA.
 He has had stints with three prior NBA teams: the Utah Jazz, the San Antonio Spurs, and the Washington Wizards.
 He has also spent a short stint in Italy with NGC Cantù.
The 2011–12 NBA Development League season is the 11th season of the NBA Development League (NBA D-League).
 The NBA D-League is the official minor league basketball organization owned and run by the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The league was formed in 2001 as the National Basketball Development League (NBDL).
 The league adopted its current name in 2005 to reflect its close affiliation with the NBA.
 The 2011–12 season will be competed by 16 teams.
 The Los Angeles D-Fenders, after spending one season inactive, joined the 15 returning teams from the previous season.
 The Utah Flash ceased operation at the end of the previous season and would not be playing in the 2011–12 season.
 The New Mexico Thunderbirds relocated to Canton, Ohio and were renamed as the Canton Charge.
The 2010–11 NBA Development League season is the tenth season of the NBA Development League (NBA D-League).
 The NBA D-League is the official minor league basketball organization owned and run by the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The league was formed in 2001 as the National Basketball Development League (NBDL).
 The league adopted its current name in 2005 to reflect its close affiliation with the NBA.
 One expansion franchise, the Texas Legends, joined the 15 returning teams from the previous season.
These are regular season standings and playoff results for the NBA G League.
 The NBA G League is the official minor league basketball organization owned and run by the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The league was formed in 2001 as the National Basketball Development League (NBDL).
 The league was renamed to NBA Development League (NBA D-League) in 2005 to reflect its close affiliation with the NBA.
 In 2017, it was renamed NBA G League, as part of a sponsorship deal with Gatorade.
Clinton "Trey" Johnson III (born August 30, 1984) is an American-Qatari professional basketball player who last played for Hitachi SunRockers of the Japanese National Basketball League.
 He played college basketball with the Alcorn State Braves and the Jackson State Tigers in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC).
 During his senior year, he won the SWAC Player of the Year award.
 He has spent much of his professional career with the Bakersfield Jam in the NBA Development League (NBA D-League), a minor league basketball organization owned and run by the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 During his time in the D-League, he received a call-up to the NBA and has played for the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Toronto Raptors and the Los Angeles Lakers.
 He has also spent several short stints overseas in Serbia, France, and Italy.
 He has represented Qatar in international competition.
The Westchester Knicks are an American professional basketball team of the NBA G League and is an affiliate of the New York Knicks in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Based in Westchester County, the Knicks play their home games at Westchester County Center in White Plains, New York.
