La jolie fille de Perth "(The Fair Maid of Perth)" is an opera in four acts by Georges Bizet (1838–1875), from a libretto by Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges and Jules Adenis, after the novel by Sir Walter Scott.
 Many writers have reserved severe criticism for the librettists for their stock devices and improbable events, while praising Bizet's advance on his earlier operas in construction of set pieces and his striking melodic and instrumental ideas.
Louise Fitzjames was a 19th-century ballerina.
 She was born on 10 December 1809 in Paris, and danced at Paris Opera from 1832 to 1846.
 When Marie Taglioni dropped out of Meyerbeer's "Robert le diable" after a few appearances, Fitzjames took on Taglioni's role of the Abbess.
 She danced the Abbess over 230 times.
 She was criticized by poet Théophile Gautier for her emaciated appearance.
 Other roles included those in "Le Dieu et la bayadere" and "La Jolie Fille de Gand" in 1842.
La fille de Madame Angot ("The Daughter of Madame Angot") is an opéra comique in three acts by Charles Lecocq.
 The French text was by Clairville, Paul Siraudin and Victor Koning.
Anne de La Tour d'Auvergne (1496–1524) was sovereign Countess of Auvergne from 1501 until 1524, and Duchess of Albany by marriage to John Stewart, Duke of Albany.
 In her marriage contract, she was called 'Anne de Boulogne fille de Jehan Comte de Boulogne et Auvergne.'
La Fille de marbre is a ballet-pantomime in 2 acts by Arthur Saint-Léon, with music by Cesare Pugni, premiered on 20 October 1847 at the Opéra de Paris.
Arsilda, regina di Ponto is a dramma per musica by Antonio Vivaldi.
 The opera was first performed at the Teatro Sant'Angelo in Venice on 27 or 28 October 1716.
Detroit (24 February 1977 – 20 May 2001) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1980.
 Unraced as a two-year-old, Detroit won her first four races in 1980 including the Prix Fille de l'Air, Prix Chloé and Prix de la Nonette.
 She was beaten when favourite for the Prix Vermeille before winning the Arc in record time.
 She remained in training as a four-year-old and won three more races including the Prix Foy.
 She was retired to stud where she produced the Arc de Triomphe winner Carnegie.
The Teatro Regio Ducal (Italian, "Royal Ducal Theatre") was the opera house in Milan from 26 December 1717 until 25 February 1776, when it was burned down following a carnival gala.
 Many famous composers and their operas are associated with it, including the premieres of Mozart's "Ascanio in Alba", "Mitridate, re di Ponto", and "Lucio Silla".
 The opera house also saw the premiere of Maria Teresa Agnesi Pinottini's "Ciro in Armenia" in 1753; one of the earliest successfully received operas by a female composer.
 Variant forms such as "Regio-Ducal Teatro" and "Teatro Regio Ducale" are also seen.
La dame blanche ("The White Lady") is an opéra comique in three acts by the French composer François-Adrien Boieldieu.
 The libretto was written by Eugène Scribe and is based on episodes from no fewer than five works of the Scottish writer Sir Walter Scott, including his novels "The Monastery", "Guy Mannering", and "The Abbot".
 The opera has typical elements of the Romantic in its Gothic mode, including an exotic Scottish locale, a lost heir, a mysterious castle, a hidden fortune, and a ghost, in this case benevolent.
 The work was one of the first attempts to introduce the fantastic into opera and is a model for works such as Giacomo Meyerbeer's "Robert le diable" and Charles Gounod's "Faust".
 The opera's musical style also heavily influenced later operas like "Lucia di Lammermoor", "I puritani" and "La jolie fille de Perth".
Mitridate, re di Ponto ("Mithridates, King of Pontus"), K. 87 (74a), is an early opera seria in three acts by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
 The libretto is by after Giuseppe Parini's Italian translation of Jean Racine's play "Mithridate".
