Barry M. Malkin (born October 26, 1938) is an American film editor with about 30 film credits.
 He is noted for his extended collaboration with director Francis Ford Coppola, having edited most of Coppola's films from 1969-1997.
 In particular, Malkin worked with Coppola on four of the component and compilation films of the "Godfather Trilogy", although he was not involved in the original 1972 film.
 Roger Ebert has written of "The Godfather Part II", which Malkin edited, "... why is it a "great movie"?
 Because it must be seen as a piece with the unqualified greatness of "The Godfather."
 The two can hardly be considered apart ("Part III" is another matter).
 When the characters in a film take on a virtual reality for us, when a character in another film made 30 years later can say "The Godfather" contains all the lessons in life you need to know, when an audience understands why that statement could be made, a film has become a cultural bedrock."
The Return of Sherlock Holmes is a 1929 American Pre-Code mystery film directed by Basil Dean and written by Arthur Conan Doyle, Basil Dean and Garrett Fort.
 The film shares its title with the third volume of the Sherlock Holmes stories, "The Return of Sherlock Holmes" by Arthur Conan Doyle.
 The film stars Clive Brook, H. Reeves-Smith, Betty Lawford, Charles Hay and Phillips Holmes.
 The film was released October 29, 1929, by Paramount Pictures.
 A copy is held at the Library of Congress.
Youth Without Youth is a 2007 fantasy drama film written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola, based on the novella of the same name by Romanian author Mircea Eliade.
 It was the first film that Coppola had directed in ten years since 1997's "The Rainmaker".
 It was distributed through Sony Pictures Classics in the United States on December 14, 2007 and Pathé in the UK and France.
 The music was composed by Grammy Award-winning Argentinan classical composer Osvaldo Golijov.
 In an interview, Coppola said that he made the film as a meditation on time and on consciousness, which he considers a "changing tapestry of illusion," but he admitted that the film may also be appreciated as a beautiful love story, or as a mystery.
 The film is a co-production between the United States, Romania, France, Italy and Germany.
Francis Ford Coppola Presents is a lifestyle brand created by Francis Ford Coppola, under which he markets goods from companies he owns or controls.
 It includes films and videos, resorts, cafes, a literary magazine and a winery.
Antonio Coppola (born March 21, 1917) is an American opera conductor and composer.
 He is the uncle of film director Francis Ford Coppola and actress Talia Shire, as well as the grand-uncle of Nicolas Cage, Sofia Coppola, Gian-Carlo Coppola, Jason Schwartzman and Robert Schwartzman, and is the younger brother of American composer and musician Carmine Coppola.
The Godfather Part III is a 1990 American crime film written by Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola, and directed by Coppola.
 A sequel to "The Godfather" (1972) and "The Godfather Part II" (1974), it completes the story of Michael Corleone, a Mafia kingpin who attempts to legitimize his criminal empire.
 The film also includes fictionalized accounts of two real-life events: the 1978 death of Pope John Paul I and the Papal banking scandal of 1981–82, both linked to Michael Corleone's business affairs.
 The film stars Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, and Andy García, and features Eli Wallach, Joe Mantegna, George Hamilton, Bridget Fonda, and Sofia Coppola.
Gian-Carla "Gia" Coppola (born January 1, 1987) is an American film director, screenwriter, and actress.
 She is a granddaughter of Francis Ford Coppola, the daughter of Gian-Carlo Coppola and the niece of Roman Coppola and Sofia Coppola.
Autumn Crocus is a 1934 British romance film directed by Basil Dean and starring Ivor Novello, Fay Compton and Muriel Aked.
 The film follows a teacher who falls in love with the married owner of the guest house in which she is staying during a holiday to Austria.
 It was based on Dodie Smith's first play "Autumn Crocus", previously a West End hit for director Basil Dean.
 The film was made by Associated Talking Pictures at Ealing Studios, with art direction by Edward Carrick.
 It was the final film appearance of its star, Ivor Novello.
 A contemporary reviewer wrote, "Novello's schoolboy knees under his Tyrolean shorts make the audience, if not the players, feel bashful".
Nine till Six is a 1932 British drama film directed by Basil Dean and starring Louise Hampton, Elizabeth Allan and Florence Desmond.
 Produced by Basil Dean's Associated Talking Pictures, it was the first film made at Ealing Studios after the facility had been converted to sound.
Eleanor Coppola (born May 4, 1936) is an American documentary filmmaker, artist, and writer.
 She is married to director Francis Ford Coppola.
 She is most known for her 1991 documentary film "" as well as other documentaries chronicling the films of her husband and children.
 Coppola currently lives on her family's winery in Napa Valley, California.
