Hamilton is the cast album to the 2015 musical "Hamilton".
 The musical is based on the 2004 biography of Alexander Hamilton written by Ron Chernow, with music, lyrics, and book by Lin-Manuel Miranda.
 The recording stars Lin-Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr., Phillipa Soo, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Christopher Jackson, Daveed Diggs, Anthony Ramos, Okieriete Onaodowan, Jasmine Cephas Jones, and Jonathan Groff.
 It also features Jon Rua, Thayne Jasperson, Sydney James Harcourt, Ariana DeBose, and Sasha Hutchings.
 It achieved the largest first week sales for a digital cast album and is the highest-charting cast album since 1963.
 It was the highest-selling Broadway cast album of 2015 and peaked at number one on the Rap Album chart, the first cast album to ever do so.
Cars 2 (also known as Cars 2: The Video Game) is a racing game developed by Avalanche Software.
 It is based on the film "Cars 2", the sequel to the 2006 film "Cars".
 Originally announced at E3 2011, the game was released by Disney Interactive on major platforms in North America on June 21, 2011, and in Australia 2 days later.
 The game was released in Europe on July 22, 2011.
 The PlayStation 3 version of the game was reported to feature stereoscopic 3D gameplay.
 A Nintendo 3DS version was released on November 1, 2011 (the same day the film was released on DVD and Blu-ray).
 A PlayStation Portable version was released in North America on November 8, 2011.
 It was also released in Europe on November 4, 2011.
 It was the last Pixar game to be released for the PlayStation Portable.
"Cabinet Battle #1", "Cabinet Battle #2", and "Cabinet Battle #3" are songs written for Act II of the musical "Hamilton", based on the life of Alexander Hamilton, which premiered on Broadway in 2015.
 Lin-Manuel Miranda wrote both the music and lyrics to the song.
Moana: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2016 Disney animated film "Moana".
 The soundtrack was released by Walt Disney Records on November 19, 2016.
 It features songs written by Lin-Manuel Miranda, Mark Mancina and Opetaia Foa'i, with lyrics in English, Samoan, Tokelauan, and Tuvalu.
 The two-disc deluxe edition includes the score, which was composed by Mancina, as well as demos, outtakes and instrumental karaoke tracks.
"Good Cop Bad Dog" is the 22nd episode of the American comedy television series "Modern Family"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s second season and the 46th episode overall.
 The episode originally aired on May 11, 2011 on American Broadcasting Company (ABC).
 The episode was written by Abraham Higginbotham & Jeffrey Richman and was guest directed by former child star Fred Savage.
 It guest starred Lin-Manuel Miranda as Guillermo, the Grocery Store worker who tries to convince Jay to invest with him.
Lin-Manuel Miranda ( ; born January 16, 1980) is an American composer, lyricist, playwright, and actor best known for creating and starring in the Broadway musicals "Hamilton" and "In the Heights".
 He co-wrote the songs for Disney's "Moana" soundtrack (2016) and is set to star in their upcoming film "Mary Poppins Returns".
 Miranda's awards include a Pulitzer Prize, two Grammy Awards, an Emmy Award, a MacArthur Fellowship, and three Tony Awards.
The Polar Bears is a 2012 3D computer animated short film presented by The Coca-Cola Company, produced by Ridley Scott, written by David Reynolds, and directed by John Stevenson.
 The film features the voices of Lin-Manuel Miranda, Armie Hammer, Jonathan Adams, and Megyn Price.
 The film is based on Coca-Cola's iconic polar bears and was released on the company's website and YouTube channel on December 31, 2012.
In 1941 there was a strike against the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers, of which Duke Ellington was a member.
 Because of the strike he could not air his songs on the radio.
 Instead, he used songs written by his son Mercer and pianist Billy Strayhorn.
 Strayhorn's compositions of this time include "Take the 'A' Train", "Chelsea Bridge" and "Day Dream", and Mercer wrote "Things Ain't What They Used to Be", "Blue Serge" and "Moon Mist".
"Your Obedient Servant" is the twentieth song from Act 2 of the musical "Hamilton", based on the life of Alexander Hamilton, which premiered on Broadway in 2015.
 Lin-Manuel Miranda wrote both the music and lyrics to the song.
 The song is sung by the characters of Hamilton and Aaron Burr, originally performed by Miranda and Leslie Odom Jr., respectively.
Ramon Ibanga, Jr., professionally known as Illmind (often stylized as !
llmind) is a Filipino American hip hop producer and educator from Bloomfield, New Jersey.
 He has co-written and produced hip-hop, pop, soul, and electronic music for labels such as Cash Money, Def Jam, and Aftermath, and has worked with artists such as Andy Mineo, Kanye West, Drake, J. Cole, Dr. Dre, Ludacris, 50 Cent, Ariana Grande, and others.
 His accomplishments in 2016 include production on the new Hamilton Mixtape and Disney's Moana (2016 film), both created by Lin-Manuel Miranda.
 !
llmind has released several studio albums and had a number of songs and albums reach the music charts.
 His most recent album, "Human", is a collaboration with Joell Ortiz, and was released on July 17, 2015.
 Starting in 2008 !
llmind has released the free mixtape series "Blaps, Rhymes & Life," and he operates a producer showcase in New York city called Beats, Love, Alcohol & Party (B.L.A.P.).
 Since 2011 he has released instrumental albums and "producer drum kit" albums for music producers dubbed his "Blap-Kit" sound packs.
 He established his own multi-genre music company Roseville Music Group in 2014.
