Bone marrow failure occurs in individuals who produce an insufficient amount of red blood cells, white blood cells or platelets.
 Red blood cells transport oxygen to be distributed throughout the body’s tissue.
 White blood cells fight off infections that enter the body.
 Bone marrow also contains platelets, which trigger clotting, and thus help stop the blood flow when a wound occurs.
General Blood is a FDA registered and AABB accredited distributor of human blood, platelets, and plasma for hospitals, non-transfusion facilities, and group-purchasing organizations.
 General Blood's process is designed to balance excesses and shortages of blood by improving supply chain efficiencies and logistical models within the blood distribution industry.
 The company’s goal is to redistribute blood supplies, increase competition in the distribution market, and lower the cost of health care in the United States.
 General Blood was established by creating an online marketplace where medical centers are able to post excess quantities of blood for sale and place orders to replenish blood supplies.
Social inequality occurs when resources in a given society are distributed unevenly, typically through norms of allocation, that engender specific patterns along lines of socially defined categories of persons.
 It is the differentiation preference of access of social goods in the society brought about by power, religion, kinship, prestige, race, ethnicity, gender, age, sexual orientation, and class.
 The social rights include labor market, the source of income, health care, and freedom of speech, education, political representation, and participation.
 Social inequality linked to Economic inequality, usually described on the basis of the unequal distribution of income or wealth, is a frequently studied type of social inequality.
 Though the disciplines of economics and sociology generally use different theoretical approaches to examine and explain economic inequality, both fields are actively involved in researching this inequality.
 However, social and natural resources other than purely economic resources are also unevenly distributed in most societies and may contribute to social status.
 Norms of allocation can also affect the distribution of rights and privileges, social power, access to public goods such as education or the judicial system, adequate housing, transportation, credit and financial services such as banking and other social goods and services.
A straw purchase or nominee purchase is any purchase wherein an agent agrees to acquire a good or service for someone who is unable or unwilling to purchase the good or service themselves, and the agent transfers the goods or services to that person after purchasing them.
 In general, straw purchases are legal except in cases where the ultimate receiver of goods or services uses those goods or services in the commission of a crime with the prior knowledge of the straw purchaser, or if the ultimate possessor is not legally able to purchase the goods or services.
 In some jurisdictions, straw purchases are legal although the end user is not legally able to purchase the good or service himself or herself.
Sales taxes in the United States are taxes placed on the sale or lease of goods and services in the United States.
 In the United States, sales tax is governed at the state level and no national general sales tax exists.
 Forty-five states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and Guam impose general sales taxes that apply to the sale or lease of most goods and some services, and states also may levy selective sales taxes on the sale or lease of particular goods or services.
 States may also delegate to local governments the authority to impose additional general or selective sales taxes.
The circular flow of income or circular flow is a model of the economy in which the major exchanges are represented as flows of money, goods and services, etc. between economic agents.
 The flows of money and goods exchanged in a closed circuit correspond in value, but run in the opposite direction.
 The circular flow analysis is the basis of national accounts and hence of macroeconomics.
An open economy is an economy in which there are economic activities between the domestic community and outside.
 People and even businesses can trade in goods and services with other people and businesses in the international community, and funds can flow as investments across the border.
 Trade can take the form of managerial exchange, technology transfers, and all kinds of goods and services.
 (However, certain exceptions exist that cannot be exchanged; the railway services of a country, for example, cannot be traded with another country to avail the service.)
International business comprises all international trades services or investments (bonds, stocks) conducted by both the private and public sectors that take place between two or more countries beyond their political boundaries.
 The term "international business" refers to all those business activities which involve cross-border transactions of goods, services, and resources between two or more nations.
 Transactions of economic resources include capital, skills, people for the purpose of the international production of physical goods and services such as finance, banking, insurance, and construction.
 International business can also be referred to as globalization.
 Globalization is the shift toward a more integrated and interdependent economy.
 In order to conduct business overseas, multinational companies need to separate national markets into one huge global marketplace.
 Two macro factors underline the trend of greater globalization.
 The first is falling of barriers to make cross-border trade easier such as the free flow of goods and services, and capital, and the second factor is technological change, particularly the developments in communication, information processing, and transportation technologies.
A vascular bypass (or vascular graft) is a surgical procedure performed to redirect blood flow from one area to another by reconnecting blood vessels.
 Often, this is done to bypass around a diseased artery, from an area of normal blood flow to another relatively normal area.
 It is commonly performed due to inadequate blood flow (ischemia) caused by atherosclerosis, as a part of organ transplantation, or for vascular access in hemodialysis.
 In general, someone's own vein (autograft) is the preferred graft material (or conduit) for a vascular bypass, but other types of grafts such as polytetrafluoroethylene (Teflon), polyethylene terephthalate (Dacron), or a different person's vein (allograft) are also commonly used.
 Arteries can also serve as vascular grafts.
 A surgeon sews the graft to the source and target vessels by hand using surgical suture, creating a surgical anastomosis.
Ischemic colitis (also spelled ischaemic colitis) is a medical condition in which inflammation and injury of the large intestine result from inadequate blood supply.
 Although uncommon in the general population, ischemic colitis occurs with greater frequency in the elderly, and is the most common form of bowel ischemia.
 Causes of the reduced blood flow can include changes in the systemic circulation (e.g. low blood pressure) or local factors such as constriction of blood vessels or a blood clot.
 In most cases, no specific cause can be identified.
