Nagpur East (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Marathi: नागपूर पूर्व विधानसभा मतदारसंघ ) is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state, western India.
 The Constituency Number is 54.
 This constituency is located in the Nagpur district.
 The delimitation of the constituency happened in 2008.
 It comprises part of Nagpur Taluka and Ward No. 6 to 8, 28 to 36, and 67 to 72 of Nagpur Municipal Corporation.
Kasba Peth Vidhan Sabha constituency (Marathi: कसबा पेठ विधानसभा मतदारसंघ ) is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state in Western India.
 This constituency is located in the Pune district
Dindoshi Vidhan Sabha constituency (Marathi: दिंडोशी विधानसभा मतदारसंघ ) is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies in Maharashtra state in western India.
Vikhroli Vidhan Sabha constituency (Marathi: विक्रोळी विधानसभा मतदारसंघ ) is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state in western India.
Maval Vidhan Sabha constituency (Marathi: मावळ विधानसभा मतदारसंघ ) is one of the twenty one constituencies of Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha located in the Pune district, India.
Madha Vidhan Sabha constituency (Marathi: मढा विधानसभा मतदारसंघ ) is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state in western India.
Nagpur Central (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Marathi: नागपूर मध्य विधानसभा मतदारसंघ ) is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state, western India.
 The Constituency Number is 55.
 This constituency is located in the Nagpur district.
 The delimitation of the constituency happened in 2008.
 It comprises parts of Nagpur Taluka, and Ward No. 66, 92 to 98, 109 to 119 and 121 to 129.
 of Nagpur Municipal Corporation.
Nagpur South Vidhan Sabha constituency (Marathi: नागपूर दक्षिण विधानसभा मतदारसंघ ) is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state, western India.
 The Constituency Number is 53.
 This constituency is located in the Nagpur district.
 The delimitation of the constituency happened in 2008.
 It comprises parts of Nagpur Taluka, and Ward No. 9 to 11, 37 to 42, 73 to 78, 99 to 102 and 120 of Nagpur Municipal Corporation.
Vandre East Vidhan Sabha constituency (Marathi: वांद्रे पूर्व विधानसभा मतदारसंघ ) is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of Maharashtra state in western India.
Language revitalization, also referred to as language revival or reversing language shift, is an attempt to halt or reverse the decline of a language or to revive an extinct one.
 Those involved can include parties such as linguists, cultural or community groups, or governments.
 Some argue for a distinction between language revival (the resurrection of a dead language with no existing native speakers) and language revitalization (the rescue of a "dying" language).
 It has been pointed out that there has only been one successful instance of a complete language revival, that of the Hebrew language, creating a new generation of native speakers without any pre-existing native speakers as a model.
