East Potomac Park Golf Course (also known as East Potomac Golf Course) is a golf course located in East Potomac Park in Washington, D.C., in the United States.
 The course includes an 18-hole course, two 9-hole courses, and a miniature golf course.
 It is the busiest of the city's three golf courses (all of which are publicly owned).
 The original nine-hole course opened in 1921, and the miniature golf course in 1930 (making it one of the oldest miniature golf courses in the nation).
 Additional holes opened in stages between 1921 and 1925, leaving the course with 36 holes in all.
The Fulton County School System is a school district headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
 The system serves the area of Fulton County outside the Atlanta city limits (which are served by Atlanta Public Schools).
 Fulton County Schools serve the cities of Alpharetta, Johns Creek, Milton, Mountain Park, Roswell, and Sandy Springs north of Atlanta, and Chattahoochee Hills, College Park, East Point, Fairburn, Hapeville, Palmetto, Union City, and Fulton's remaining unincorporated areas in the south.
 Fulton County is the fourth-largest school system in Georgia.
Sodus Bay Heights Golf Club, located in Sodus Point, New York, is a 150-acre (.60 km) 18-hole golf course, overlooking Sodus Bay, the largest bay on Lake Ontario.
 Founded in 1924, the course plays 6,682 yards from the championship tees, 6,316 from the men's tees, and 5,470 from the ladies.
 The club started out as a 9-hole course, consisting of a club house, a separate pro shop, and a small caddy building.
 Before being turned into a golf club, the land was known as the Blackmar Farm, owned by Countess VerHemert of Paris, France.
 After her death, the buyers had grandiose plans for the property, and wanted to turn it into a recreation and housing tract.
 The original plans were to include a natural amphitheater, similar to the Hollywood Bowl, at the bottom of the knoll on the property, with a golf course running clockwise around it.
 Additional plans included a playground for the children and a tennis court.
 The golf course materialized first, and the tennis courts were added at a later date.
 The architect of the original 9-hole course is unknown, and rumors that famous golf architect Robert Trent Jones Sr. was the architect are incorrect.
 However, Robert Trent Jones was the first head golf professional at Sodus Bay Heights from 1930 to 1935, which has led to the confusion on his involvement with the course architecture.
Wing Park Golf Course in Elgin, Illinois is the "oldest and best preserved nine-hole municipal golf course in Illinois."
 The course was constructed during a golf course boom in the Chicago area during first few years of the 1900s.
 The course was named after William H. Wing, who donated the land for a park in 1902.
 When the Elgin and Belvidere Electric Company was built only a few blocks away, Elgin developed the southern portion of the property to a golf course.
 The course was developed by Tom Bendelow, a prolific designer who laid out over six hundred golf courses.
 Wing Park Golf Course opened on September 5, 1908 and has been in continuous operation since.
 The Wing Park Golf Club was organized in 1912 to help manage the property.
 The course was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
Kenton County Golf Course offers a 54-hole facility.
 It is located at 3908 Richardson Road, Independence, KY 41051.
 All three of the courses offer low handicappers, as well as the average golfer challenging and fun layouts.
 The Pioneer is the shortest of the courses playing to a par 71.
 As the name indicates, it was the first course built at the complex in 1968.
 The Pioneer course is 5,880 yards with a rating of 68.4, a slope of 115.
 It is like most mid-western courses, slightly sloping on the front nine with increasing slopes on the back.
 Easily the most walkable course at the complex.
 Power carts are optional and they may be taken across the fairway at 90 degrees.
 The Willows, designed by Dr. Michael Hurdzan, offers golfers a scenic and challenging test of tree-lined fairways and undulating greens.
 The Willows course plays to 6,697 yards from the championship tees, rated 9th in Kentucky.
 Par 72, and the course rating is 72.6 and the slope is 137.
 The Willows is a real challenge of golf, for any level player.
 Power carts are optional, and are permitted to cross at 90 degrees.
 Fox Run, another masterpiece by renowned architect Arthur Hills, this distinctively different golf course provides a wonderful blend of architectural style from hole to hole.
 Here you will find links-type holes which somewhat resemble that of a Scottish golf course.
 There is a sampling of Carolina-type holes with drastic changes in elevation from tee to green.
 Finally, there is a balance of more traditional mid-western style golf holes: all of which gracefully blend with the natural terrain and surrounding environment.
 The absence of housing and condo developments within the course allows the golfer to truly experience nature in its spectacular beauty.
 This course is consistently rated one of the most challenging public courses in the State of Kentucky.
Kananaskis Country Golf Course is a publicly accessible world-renowned 36-hole golf course situated in Kananaskis Country, a park system west of Calgary, Alberta, Canada in the foothills and front ranges of the Canadian Rockies which opened in 1983 at a cost of $25.5 million.
 The golf course near Kananaskis Village, Alberta designed by the golf course architect Robert Trent Jones, consists of two 18-hole golf layouts, played beneath Mt.Lorette and Mt.Kidd, after which the courses are respectively named.
 "Score Golf Magazine" has consistently ranked this facility as a top 100 course in Canada.
 Kananaskis Country Golf Course is part of the collection of seven golf courses and resorts in Alberta, the Canadian Rockies Golf – "the most storied and recognized group of golf courses in Canada."
 About sixty thousand rounds of golf were played there annually with eighty-five percent played by Albertans.
 The golf course includes the pro-shop, club house, tournament centre and other golf course buildings which were valued at $15 million in 2015.
 During the June 2013 Alberta floods, Kananaskis Country "sustained the most extensive damage in its 36-year history."
 The Alberta government committed $18 million to rebuild the Course and to protect it from future flood damage.
A golf course superintendent is a person who professionally manages the labor, time, materials and financial resources needed to care for the turfgrass and landscaped grounds on a golf course.
 Golf course superintendents have also been referred to as greenskeepers and turf managers.
 Golf course superintendents are concerned with the environmental health of the golf course, the sporting needs of the players and the financial sustainability of the golf club or country club for which they work.
 Golf course superintendents communicate the status of the grounds and maintenance resources to members of the club’s management, owners or board of directors, green chairs and committees, golfers, vendors, suppliers, golf professionals, golf course architects and others in the golf industry.
 Their management strategies must also align with the golf club business’ environmental and philanthropic role in the community.
The Fulton County Sheriff's Office is responsible for providing law enforcement services within Fulton County, Georgia, to prevent crimes, preserve the peace, and make arrests.
 Responsibilities of deputies include securing and providing safety to County buildings, courtrooms, jail and other public areas and processing and securing inmates at the Fulton County jail.
 Fulton County, Georgia is home to Atlanta, Georgia.
The 2012 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational was a professional golf tournament held August 2–5 on the South Course of Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio.
 It was the 14th WGC-Bridgestone Invitational tournament, and the third of four World Golf Championships events held in 2012.
 Keegan Bradley shot a 64 (−6) in the final round to finish with 267 (−13) to win his first WGC event, one stroke ahead of runners-up Jim Furyk and Steve Stricker.
Lester Park Golf Course is one of two public golf courses located in the port city of Duluth, Minnesota.
 The original eighteen-hole golf course was made up the north shore of Duluth, near the Lester Park River.
 The golf course was established in 1934.
 The other course, Enger Park, is located near the Duluth landmark, Enger Tower, and was established earlier than Lester in the 1920s.
 Lester Park is well known around Minnesota for its spectacular beauty and rich history as a golf course because a unique view of Lake Superior is available on 20 of the 27 golf holes.
 The original 18 holes have been redone four times since their initial design.
 In 1997, Paul Schintz, a former club pro from St. Paul, took over Lester Park as PGA Golf Professional.
 In 2003, Schintz became the Director of Golf, overseeing both Lester Park and Enger Park clubhouse operations.
 The golf courses were split to a 2 golf pro / 2 contract setup in 2005 with the addition of Steve Anderson to Enger Park Golf Course, with Schintz remaining at Lester Park.
 In 2007, the Duluth city council voted to accept a contract with Professional Golf Management, Inc.
 The Management company consisted of partners Schintz, as PGA Golf Professional and Jud Crist, Golf Course Superintendent.
 The management company now operates both facilities for the City of Duluth, overseeing clubhouse and maintenance operations.
 Management Inc.
