Surfer hair is a tousled type of hairstyle, popularized by surfers from the 1950s onwards, traditionally long, thick and naturally bleached from high exposure to the sun and salt water of the sea.
 In the late 1960s and 1970s, the long hair and general lack of personal grooming was closely associated with hippie culture.
 Today, hairstyling companies brand their own hair gels, shampoos and hair wax to achieve the "surfer look", with hairstyles, often shorter than traditionally, which often require more grooming to achieve the permanent hair lift or intentional windswept look.
 Amongst women, fashion magazines have referred to "sun streaked surfer hair" as a desirable look for women, although genuine surfer hair is often heavily damaged by the elements.
Chrysalis: A Magazine of Women's Culture was a feminist publication produced from 1977 to 1980.
 The self-published magazine was founded by Kirsten Grimstad and Susan Rennie at the Woman's Building in downtown Los Angeles.
 "Chysalis" grew from Grimstad and Rennie's editorial work on the self-help resource books, The New Woman's Survival Catalog and The New Woman's Survival Sourcebook.
 "Chrysalis" distinguished itself from other feminist publications through an organic integration of politics, literature, cultural studies, and art.
 The magazine was produced through a collective process that grew out of the feminist practice of consciousness-raising.
 Unusually broad in scope, "Chrysalis" did not substitute breadth for quality.
 The authors, poets, essayists, and researchers contributing to the magazine reveals a veritable who's who of towering intellects of the feminist movement: black lesbian activist Audre Lorde; the magazine's poetry editor, Robin Morgan, who later served as editor of Ms. from 1990-1993: award winning poet Adrienne Rich; novelist Marge Percy; artist Judy Chicago; science fiction writer Joanna Russ; art critic Lucy Lippard, plus Mary Daly, Dolores Hayden, Andrea Dworkin, Marilyn Hacker, Arlene Raven, and Elizabeth Janeway.
 Over a three-year span, the all volunteer staff produced ten issues before they were forced to disband in 1981 due to financial difficulties.
The magazine sector in Austria is under the dominance of Germany.
 This influence decreased at the end of the 1990s, but it continued on the women's magazines and fashion magazines.
 However, business magazines have not been subject to the dominance of Germany.
 The major fields of Austrian magazines are news, popular science and special interest topics.
 On the other hand, since the Austrian press market is divided between magazines and newspapers, magazines have a significant function in the press market.
The following is an incomplete list of current and defunct magazines published in Egypt.
 They may be published in Arabic or in other languages.
 The history of Egyptian magazines is long, dating back to the 1890s.
 The earliest magazines also included women's magazines as well as those published in Turkish from 1828 to 1947.
 The first children's magazine was published in 1893.
Rick Wilber is an American author, poet, and editor.
 He has published more than thirty-five short stories in magazines such as "Aboriginal SF", "Analog", "Asimov's Science Fiction", "Fantasy & Science Fiction", "Pulphouse", and "SF Age"; and in anthologies such as "Alien Sex" and "Chrysalis".
 In addition to his short stories, he has written the novels "Rum Point", "The Cold Road", and "Alien Morning", as well as a memoir, "My Father's Game: Life, Death, Baseball", and several textbooks, including "Modern Media Writing" and "Magazine Feature Writing".
The first women's magazine was published in Malaysia in 1932.
 In the 2000s there were nearly fifty local titles addressing women in the country.
 These magazines also include those having an Islamic perspective.
 Some international women's magazines are also published in Malaysia.
 One of them is "Elle Malaysia", which was first published in March 2014.
 Another one, "Women’s Health", was started in April 2015.
 Comic magazines and film magazines are also common in Malaysia.
Lifestyle magazine is an umbrella term for popular magazines concerned with lifestyle and is often used to encompass a number of men's magazines, women's magazines and magazines about health and fitness, tourism, leisure, fashion, decorating, or culture.
 The concept is chiefly used in reference to a magazine's tone.
The Transition House Association of Nova Scotia (abbreviated THANS and TRANS) is a Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada-based organisation that runs women's shelters. Pamela Harrison is THANS's executive director, and also serves as provincial co-ordinator.
 Rhonda Fraser, the executive director of Chrysalis House, is a member of THANS.
 THANS organises an annual purple ribbon awareness campaign in memory of the École Polytechnique massacre.
 THANS was founded in 1989.
 THANS conducted interviews with 34 physically abused women who subsequently sought resolution through family law mediation.
 In 2000, THANS released a report based on these interviews, stating that most of the women would not recommend legal mediation to other abused women.
 In 2008, THANS supported Bill 81, which they hoped would become the Domestic Violence Elimination Act, but Minister of Justice Cecil Clarke chose not to call the bill for a third reading.
 In 2009, Darrell Dexter of the New Democratic Party identified THANS in his promise to increase government funding of halfway houses in Nova Scotia.
 In 2012, THANS partnered with the World YWCA, Family SOS, Silent Witness Nova Scotia, and Leave Out Violence to host the Atlantic Ballet Theatre of Canada's "Ghosts of Violence", a ballet about domestic violence, in Halifax.
Magazines in Portugal are mostly women's magazines, society magazines and TV magazines.
 In 1994 there were nearly 984 magazines in the country.
A customer magazine is a magazine produced by a business as a means of communicating to its customers.
 It is a branch of custom media, a product that broadly shares the look and feel of a newsstand or consumer magazine but is paid for in part or whole by a business.
 Rather than copy sales and advertising, the primary goal of a customer magazine is to achieve a particular business objective.
 This could be for a firm to cross- or up-sell, change brand perception or engender loyalty.
 In-flight magazines, sponsored by airlines, were among the first customer magazines, and remain typical of the genre.
 In the UK, every supermarket chain now provides a customer magazine to promote its products through recipes and other food editorial.
 Many prominent digitally-native companies, like WebMD and Net-À-Portér, have released customer magazines of their own.
 Some customer magazines carry advertising; this is often seen as a useful way to offset the cost but equally can have some benefit in making the product look more like a regular magazine.
