What I Do the Best is the fourth studio album by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery.
 The tracks "Ain't Got Nothin' on Us", "Friends", "How Was I to Know" and "I Miss You a Little" were all released as singles, peaking at #15, #2, #2 and #6, respectively on the Hot Country Songs charts, making this the first album of his career not to produce a #1 hit.
 The album was certified platinum by the RIAA for one million shipments in the US.
John Michael Montgomery (born January 20, 1965) is an American country music singer.
 Montgomery began singing with his brother Eddie, who is one-half of the country duo Montgomery Gentry, before beginning his major-label solo career in 1992.
 He has had more than 30 singles on the "Billboard" country charts, of which seven have reached number one: "I Love the Way You Love Me", "I Swear", "Be My Baby Tonight", "If You've Got Love", "I Can Love You Like That", "Sold (The Grundy County Auction Incident)", and "The Little Girl".
 13 more have reached the top 10.
 "I Swear" and "Sold (The Grundy County Auction Incident)" were named by "Billboard" as the top country songs of 1994 and 1995, respectively.
 Montgomery's recordings of "I Swear" and "I Can Love You Like That" were both released concurrently with cover versions by the R&B group All-4-One.
 Several of Montgomery's singles crossed over to the "Billboard" Hot 100, his highest peak there having been achieved by "Letters from Home" in 2004.
 In 1994, he appeared on the PBS music program "Austin City Limits" during the season 19.
Montgomery Gentry was an American country music duo composed of Eddie Montgomery and Troy Gentry.
 Its discography comprises eight studio albums, four compilation albums, one extended play, and thirty singles.
 The duo made its debut in 1999 with the single "Hillbilly Shoes," which went to number 13 on the Hot Country Songs charts, but did not reach Number 1 until mid-2004, with "If You Ever Stop Loving Me."
 The duo has sent four more singles to Number One for a total of five: "Something to Be Proud Of" (2005), "Lucky Man" (2007), "Back When I Knew It All" and "Roll with Me" (both 2008).
 Besides these, Montgomery Gentry has reached Top Ten with 10 additional hit singles.
 All 15 of these songs have also crossed over to the "Billboard" Hot 100, where the duo's highest peak is "If You Ever Stop Loving Me" at number 30.
Time Flies is the tenth studio album from American country music singer John Michael Montgomery.
 It was released October 14, 2008 on his own label, Stringtown Records, as his first studio album since "Letters from Home" four years previous.
 Three singles have been released from it.
 The first two, "Mad Cowboy Disease" and "If You Ever Went Away", both failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts.
 "Forever", the third single, has become his first Top 40 country hit since "Letters from Home" in 2004, peaking at number 28.
The discography of American country artist Martina McBride consists of thirteen studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, two video albums, three additional albums, forty five music videos, fifty one singles, sixteen other charting songs, and forty five album appearances.
 In 1991, she signed a recording contract with RCA Records, launching her debut studio album "The Time Has Come" in 1992.
 In September 1993, her second studio album "The Way That I Am" was issued.
 Its lead single "My Baby Loves Me" reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, becoming her breakthrough hit.
 The third single "Independence Day" peaked in the top twenty and became McBride's signature song.
 The song's success elevated sales of "The Way That I Am" to platinum status from the Recording Industry Association of America. "
Wild Angels" was released in September 1995 and reached number seventeen on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
 The album's title track became McBride's first song to top the Hot Country Songs list.
 McBride's fourth studio album "Evolution" was released in August 1997 and is her best-selling album to date, certifying three times platinum in the United States.
 The album spawned six singles which all became major hits including, "A Broken Wing", "Wrong Again", and "Whatever You Say".
 After releasing a holiday album, McBride's fifth studio album "Emotion" was issued in September 1999.
 The lead single "I Love You" topped the Hot Country Songs list, while also reaching minor positions on the Adult Contemporary and "Billboard" Hot 100 charts.
"The Keeper of the Stars" is a song written by Dickey Lee, Danny Mayo and Karen Staley, and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Byrd.
 It was released in February 1995 as the fourth and last single from his album "No Ordinary Man", it went on to reach a peak of #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, behind "I Can Love You Like That" by John Michael Montgomery.
 A year after its release, it was named Song of the Year by the Country Music Association.
Kevin Denney is the self-titled debut album of American country music artist Kevin Denney, released in 2002 on Lyric Street Records.
 It features the singles "That's Just Jessie", "Cadillac Tears" and "It'll Go Away", all of which charted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts between 2002 and 2003.
 "That's Just Jessie" was the highest-peaking of these three, reaching number 16 on the country charts and number 76 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Following this song were "Cadillac Tears" and "It'll Go Away", which respectively reached numbers 30 and 43 on the country charts.
 Also included on this album is the song "Takin' Off the Edge", which was previously recorded by John Michael Montgomery on his 1992 debut album "Life's a Dance".
Letters From Home is the ninth studio album by John Michael Montgomery released April 20, 2004.
 It features the singles "Letters from Home", "Cool", and "Goes Good with Beer".
 Although "Cool", the first single, failed to chart, the title track reached #2 on the Hot Country Songs charts in mid-2004, becoming Montgomery's first Top 10 country hit since "The Little Girl" in 2000.
 "Goes Good with Beer" peaked at #51 on the same chart, and after its release, he exited Warner Bros.' roster.
Pictures is the eighth studio album by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery.
 It was also his first full-length album for Warner Bros.
 Records, following the closure of Atlantic Records' country division in 2001.
 The track "'Til Nothing Comes Between Us", the first single, was a Top 20 hit on the Hot Country Songs charts in 2002.
 "Four Wheel Drive" and "Country Thang" were also released as singles, although neither reached Top 40.
 "It Goes Like This" is a collaboration with the band Sixwire, who at the time were also on Warner Bros.
 Records.
 Their lead singer, Steve Mandile, co-wrote the track.
John Michael Montgomery is the third studio album by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery.
 Singles released from this album include "I Can Love You Like That", "Sold (The Grundy County Auction Incident)", "No Man's Land", "Cowboy Love" and "Long as I Live".
 Respectively, these reached #1, #1, #3, #4, and #4 on the Hot Country Songs charts; "Sold" was also declared the Number One country song of 1995 by "Billboard".
