State Route 9 (SR-9) is a state highway in southern Utah, serving Zion National Park.
 It starts at the western terminus at exit 16 on I-15, passing through Zion National Park, and ending at the eastern junction with US-89.
 The entire length of the highway has been designated the Zion Park Scenic Byway.
 There is a fee to travel through Zion National Park, but the Zion-Mt.
 Carmel Highway is open to private vehicles year-round.
 A separate fee is required for vehicles 7'10" wide and/or 11'4" tall or larger.
 This fee pays for a park employee to stop traffic from the other side of the Zion - Mt. Carmel Tunnel to allow the larger vehicles to pass through.
Komodo National Park is a national park in Indonesia located within the Lesser Sunda Islands in the border region between the provinces of East Nusa Tenggara and West Nusa Tenggara.
 The park includes the three larger islands Komodo, Padar and Rinca, and 26 smaller ones, with a total area of 1,733 km (603 km of it land).
 The national park was founded in 1980 to protect the Komodo dragon, the world's largest lizard.
 Later it was dedicated to protecting other species, including marine species.
 In 1991 the national park was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Phawngpui National Park or Phawngpui Blue Mountain National Park is one of the two national parks of India in Mizoram, the other and the larger being Murlen National Park.
 It is about 300 km from the main city Aizawl, located in the Lawngtlai district, towards the southeast of Mizoram and relatively close to Burma.
 It bears the name of the mountain Phawngpui, often called the Blue Mountain of Mizoram, which is the highest mountain peak in the state, reaching 2,157 m asl.
 The national park covers the entire mountain along with the surrounding reserve forest.
Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve is a U.S. National Park in Alaska.
 It is the northernmost national park in the U.S. (the entirety of the park lies north of the Arctic Circle) and the second largest at 8,472,506 acres , slightly larger in area than Belgium.
 The park consists primarily of portions of the Brooks Range of mountains.
 It was first protected as a U.S. National Monument on December 1, 1978, before becoming a national park and preserve two years later in 1980 upon passage of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act.
 A large part of the park is protected in the Gates of the Arctic Wilderness which covers 7,167,192 acre .
 The wilderness area adjoins the Noatak Wilderness Area and together they form the largest contiguous wilderness in the United States.
Great Smoky Mountains National Park is a United States National Park and UNESCO World Heritage Site that straddles the ridgeline of the Great Smoky Mountains, part of the Blue Ridge Mountains, which are a division of the larger Appalachian Mountain chain.
 The border between Tennessee and North Carolina runs northeast to southwest through the centerline of the park.
 It is the most visited national park in the United States with over 11.3 million recreational visitors in 2016.
 On its route from Maine to Georgia, the Appalachian Trail also passes through the center of the park.
 The park was chartered by the United States Congress in 1934 and officially dedicated by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1940.
Garajonay National Park (Spanish: "Parque nacional de Garajonay" , ] ) is located in the center and north of the island of La Gomera, one of the Canary Islands (Spain).
 It was declared a national park in 1981 and a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986.
 It occupies 40 km (15 sq mi) and it extends into each of the six municipalities on the island.
Sierra de Guadarrama National Park (in Spanish: "Parque Nacional de la Sierra de Guadarrama") is a national park in Spain, covering nearly 34,000 hectares, the fifth largest in Spain's national parks system.
 The Guadarrama mountain range ("Sistema Central") contains some ecologically valuable areas, located in the Community of Madrid and Castile and León (provinces of Segovia and Ávila).
 The law that regulates the recently approved national park was published in the BOE in  26, 2013 (2013--) .
Badiar National Park (French: "Parc National du Badiar" ) is a national park in Guinea, on the border with Senegal and contiguous with Senegal's much larger Niokolo-Koba National Park.
 It was established on 30 May 1985 (by ordonnance N°124/PRG/85), partly in response to Senegal's concern about poaching in Niokolo-Koba National Park.
 Badiar is an International Union for Conservation of Nature Category II park.
Pirin National Park (Bulgarian: Национален парк "Пирин" ) is a national park that encompasses the larger part of the Pirin Mountains in south-west Bulgaria, spanning an area of 403.56 km2 .
 It is one of the three national parks in the country, the others being Rila National Park and Central Balkan National Park.
 The park was established in 1962 and its territory was expanded several times since then.
 Pirin National Park was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983.
 The altitude varies from 950 m to 2,914 m at Vihren, Bulgaria's second highest summit and the Balkans' third.
Hermigua is a town and a municipality in the northeastern part of La Gomera in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife of the Canary Islands, Spain.
 It is located 12 km northwest of the island's capital, San Sebastián de la Gomera.
 The Garajonay National Park covers the southern part of the municipality.
