Gini Koch (born Jeanne Marie Gerrard on January 25, in California), is a science fiction, fantasy, and horror writer based in Phoenix, Arizona.
 She is best known for the Alien Series (informally known as the "Katherine 'Kitty' Katt" series) novels, published in the United States by DAW Books.
 She speaks frequently on what it takes to become a successful author and other aspects of writing and the publishing business.
 She is also the Lead Editor at Raphael’s Village, an online, nonpaying ’zine, and is a featured guest columnist, reviewer, and webcaster for Slice of SciFi and It’s Comic Book Day.
Thérèse Raquin is a 1928 drama film directed by Jacques Feyder.
 It is the third silent film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Émile Zola.
 The film stars Gina Manès as Thérèse Raquin, Wolfgang Zilzer as Monsieur Raquin, and Jeanne Marie Laurent as Madame Raquin.
 The décors of the Paris suburbs for the film were built by André Andrejew.
 The film was produced by Deutsche Film Union in Germany, with German and French actors, in a French-German co-production, to be later released at the same time in France as "Thérèse Raquin" and Germany as Du sollst nicht ehebrechen!
.
 As no words were spoken, both versions differed only with the language of intertitles.
 The British title at the time of the film's original release was Thou Shalt Not.
 This is last silent film imports distributed by Warner Bros.' newly acquired First National subsidiary.
 No dialong with music score and sound effects.
Madeleine Jeanne Marie Pauliac (17 September 1912—13 February 1946) was a French doctor and a member of the French Resistance.
 Her experience in post-World War II Poland formed the basis for the movie "Les Innocentes".
Concussion is a 2015 American biographical sports drama film directed and written by Peter Landesman, based on the exposé "Game Brain" by Jeanne Marie Laskas, published in 2009 by "GQ" magazine.
 Set in 2002, the film stars Will Smith as Dr. Bennet Omalu, a forensic pathologist who fights against the National Football League trying to suppress his research on chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) brain degeneration suffered by professional football players.
 It also stars Alec Baldwin, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, and Albert Brooks.
Jeanne Marie Haney (born September 2, 1958), also known by her married name Jeanne Neville, is an American former competition swimmer who participated in the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec.
 She competed in the preliminary heats of the women's 400-meter individual medley, and finished with the 18th best overall time.
Jeanne Marie Golay (born April 16, 1962) is an American former road bicycle racing professional from Coral Gables, Florida.
 She won the 1992, 1994 and 1995 United States National Road Race Championships, and the 1992 world team time-trial championship, and competed in the 1992 Barcelona Olympics and 1996 Atlanta Olympics.
Jeanne Marie Tripplehorn (born June 10, 1963) is an American film and television actress.
 Her film career began with the role of a police psychologist in the erotic thriller "Basic Instinct" (1992).
 Her other film roles include "The Firm" (1993), "Waterworld" (1995) and "Sliding Doors" (1998).
 On television, she starred as Barbara Henrickson on the HBO drama series "Big Love" (2006–11) and as Dr. Alex Blake on the CBS police drama "Criminal Minds" (2012–14), and she received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for her performance as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in the 2009 HBO movie "Grey Gardens".
Jeanne Marie Beaumont is an American poet, author of four poetry collections, most recently, "Letters from Limbo" (CavanKerry Press, 2016), and "Burning of the Three Fires" (BOA Editions, Ltd. 2010), "Curious Conduct" (BOA Editions, Ltd., 2004), and "Placebo Effects" (Norton, 1997).
 Her work has appeared in "Boston Review, Barrow Street, Colorado Review, Court Green, Harper’s, Harvard Review, Manhattan Review, The Nation, New American Writing, Ploughshares, Poetry Northwest, Witness," and "World Literature Today," and she has had poems featured on "The Writer's Almanac with Garrison Keillor."
 In 2006, San Francisco film-maker Jay Rosenblatt made a film based on her poem "Afraid So" as narrated by Garrison Keillor.
 The film has been shown at several major international film festivals, and included on a program of Rosenblatt's work screened at the Museum of Modern Art in October 2010.
 Beaumont was co-editor of "American Letters & Commentary" from 1992 to 2000.
 She was judge for the 2011 Cider Press Review Book Award.
 She grew up in the suburban Philadelphia area and moved to New York City in 1983.
 She earned her B.A. from Eastern College and an M.F.A. in Writing from Columbia University.
 She has taught at Rutgers University and regularly teaches at the 92nd Street Y.
 She served as the Director of The Frost Place Advanced Seminar from 2007–2010, and serves on the faculty for the Stonecoast MFA Program in Creative Writing.
Jeanne Marie Ford (previously known as "Jeanne Marie Grunwell") is an American television soap opera writer.
 She is also an English teacher at Hagerstown Community College.
Béatrice Bulteau (full name Béatrice Paule Jeanne Marie Bulteau) is an equine artist.
 She was born in Sancerre, France, in 1959.
 She grew up in the Val de Loire, south of Paris.
