Pamela Louisa Eleanor Dillon (born 26 August 1915 – died 1992) was the daughter of Eric Dillon, 19th Viscount Dillon.
 She married the 6th Earl of Onslow on 4 August 1936, several weeks before her 21st birthday.
 The marriage was dissolved by divorce in 1962.
Thebe Neruda Kgositsile (born February 24, 1994), better known by his stage name Earl Sweatshirt, is an American rapper, record producer, and disc jockey from Los Angeles, California.
 He originally went by the moniker Sly Tendencies in 2008, but soon changed it when Tyler, The Creator invited him to join his hip hop collective Odd Future in late 2009.
 He gained recognition and critical praise for his debut mixtape "Earl", released in March 2010.
 Following its release, his mother sent him to a boarding school in Samoa until his eighteenth birthday, and he was not able to produce new music for a year and a half.
Gerald David Lascelles (21 August 1924 – 27 February 1998) was the younger son of Henry Lascelles, 6th Earl of Harewood and Mary, Princess Royal, the only daughter of King George V of the United Kingdom and Mary of Teck.
 He was the first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II.
 He was styled "The Honourable" Gerald Lascelles.
 He and his first cousin, Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, shared the same birthday.
YelloWhite is the debut mixtape by Odd Future sub-group MellowHype.
 It was made available for free download on February 24, 2010, fellow Odd Future member Earl Sweatshirt's 16th birthday.
The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan (sometimes abbreviated as The Amazing Chan Clan) is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions, animated by Eric Porter Studios in Australia and broadcast on CBS from September 9, 1972 to December 30, 1972, with reruns continuing through the summer of 1973.
 It premiered shortly after what would have been Charlie Chan creator Earl Derr Biggers' 88th birthday.
 The voice of Mr. Chan, Keye Luke, is to date the only actor of Chinese ancestry to play the title character in any screen adaptation.
 Previously, Luke had portrayed "Number One Son" Lee Chan, opposite Warner Oland, Sidney Toler and Roland Winters in the long-running Charlie Chan film series of the 1930s and 1940s by 20th Century Fox and later, Monogram Pictures.
Baron Harlech, of Harlech in the County of Merioneth, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1876 for the Conservative politician John Ormsby-Gore, with remainder to his younger brother William.
 He had previously represented Carnarvon and North Shropshire in the House of Commons.
 Ormsby-Gore was the eldest son of William Ormsby-Gore, Member of Parliament for County Leitrim, Carnarvon and North Shropshire, and the great-great-great-grandson of William Gore, third and youngest son of Sir Arthur Gore, 1st Baronet, of Newtown, second son of Sir Paul Gore, 1st Baronet, of Magharabag, whose eldest son Paul was the grandfather of Arthur Gore, 1st Earl of Arran.
Arcades is a masque written by John Milton and performed on 4 May 1634.
 The piece was written to celebrate the character of Alice Spencer, the Countess Dowager of Darby, widow of Ferdinando Stanley, 5th Earl of Derby, during her 75th birthday.
 The masque distinguishes Spencer as having a greater far superior to other noble women by titling Spencer as queen of a metaphorical Arcadia that is far superior than any other realm.
 The piece served as a basis for Milton's later masque, "Comus".
The title Earl of Merioneth was created in the Peerage of the United Kingdom in 1947 along with the Dukedom of Edinburgh and the Barony of Greenwich for Philip Mountbatten, R.N. (formerly Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark), the soon-to-be-husband of Princess Elizabeth (now Queen Elizabeth II).
Among Earl's many comedy performances have been "Josh Earl is a Librarian" which has been performed in Adelaide and Melbourne, and "Josh Earl vs. The Australian Women's Weekly Children's Birthday Cake Book", which toured Victoria and interstate venues.
James Earl Ray (March 10, 1928 – April 23, 1998) was a convicted murderer who assassinated Martin Luther King Jr. on April 4, 1968 in Memphis, Tennessee.
 Ray was convicted on his 41st birthday after entering a guilty plea to forgo a jury trial.
 Had he been found guilty by jury trial, he would have been eligible for the death penalty.
