The Faber Book of Irish Verse was a poetry anthology edited by John Montague and first published in 1974 by Faber and Faber.
 Recognised as an important collection, it has been described as 'the only general anthology of Irish verse in the past 30 years that has a claim to be a work of art in itself ... still the freshest introduction to the full range of Irish poetry'.
 According to Montague, "I'm dealing with a thousand years of Irish verse in under four hundred pages.
 I needed a thousand pages.'
Zero Zero was an alternative comics anthology published by Fantagraphics Books from 1995 to 2000.
 It was notable among comics anthologies for the number of serialized works that appeared in its pages, including Richard Sala's "The Chuckling Whatsit", Dave Cooper's "Crumple", Mack White's "Homunculus", Kaz and Timothy Georgarakis's "Meat Box", and Kim Deitch's "The Strange Secret of Molly O'Dare" and "The Search for Smilin' Ed".
 Derf Backderf's short strip "My Friend Dahmer", which was later expanded to an award-winning graphic novel, also appeared in its pages.
Personal web pages are World Wide Web pages created by an individual to contain content of a personal nature rather than content pertaining to a company, organization or institution.
 Personal web pages are primarily used for informative or entertainment purposes but can also be used for personal career marketing (by containing a list of the individuals skills, experience and a CV), social networking with other people with shared interests, or as a space for personal expression.
The Fountain Archive (also called The Fountain Archives or Fountain Archive Project) is a processual art project of the french conceptual artist Saâdane Afif which started in 2008/ 2009.
 The project includes an ongoing series of framed pages which contain one or several reproductions of the work "Fountain" by Marcel Duchamp.
 Here Afif uses the concept of the Objet trouvés (found object) and tears off the pages from different publications.
 For each publication and pages Afif normally makes only one piece for the "Fountain Archives", which is created as a work of art.
The Broken Record Technique is a collection of short stories by Canadian author Lee Henderson.
 It was first published by Penguin Canada in 2002, and contains ten short stories.
 The tenth story, entitled simply "W", is considerably longer than the rest, standing at one hundred pages.
 The average for the other stories is a little over ten pages each.
 This was Lee Henderson's first book, and contained some previously published short stories, one of which, "Sheep Dub" was part of the "2000 Journey Prize Anthology".
Pages is a word processor developed by Apple Inc. It is part of the iWork productivity suite and runs on the macOS and iOS operating systems.
 The first version of Pages was announced on January 11, 2005, and was released one month later.
 The most recent Macintosh version, Pages 6.1.1, was last updated on April 25, 2017.
 Pages is marketed by Apple as an easy-to-use application that allows users to quickly create documents on their devices.
 A number of Apple-designed templates comprising different themes (such as letters, résumés, posters, and outlines), are included with Pages.
Doorway pages are web pages that are created for spamdexing.
 This is for spamming the index of a search engine by inserting results for particular phrases with the purpose of sending visitors to a different page.
 They are also known as bridge pages, portal pages, jump pages, gateway pages, entry pages and by other names.
 Doorway pages that redirect visitors without their knowledge use some form of cloaking.
 This usually falls under Black Hat SEO.
Les Pages Jèrriaises (English: "The Jèrriais Pages") is a collection of thousands of pages in and about Jèrriais posted on the internet.
 It was created and is maintained by Geraint Jennings.
 It is the largest collection of Norman materials on the internet.
 It has also been praised in Normandy as an example of how a Norman dialect has managed to modernise itself.
 Les Pages Jèrriaises have also featured prominently in a national newspaper.
The Incal (French: "L'Incal") is a French graphic novel series written by Alejandro Jodorowsky and originally illustrated by Jean Giraud.
 "The Incal", with first pages originally released as Une aventure de John Difool ("A John Difool Adventure") in "Métal hurlant" and published by Les Humanoïdes Associés, introduced Jodorowsky's "Jodoverse" (or "Metabarons Universe" ), a fictional universe in which his science fiction comics take place.
 It is an epic space opera blending fantastical intergalactic voyage, science, technology, political intrigues, conspiracies, messianism, mysticism, poetry, debauchery, love stories, and satire.
 "The Incal" includes and expands the concepts and artwork from the abandoned film project "Dune" directed by Jodorowksy and designed by Giraud from the early 1970s.
The Nehru Memorial Museum & Library (NMML) is a museum and library in New Delhi, India, which aims to preserve and reconstruct the history of the Indian independence movement.
 Housed within the Teen Murti House complex, it is an autonomous institution under the Indian Ministry of Culture, and was founded in 1964 after the death of India's first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru.
 It aims to foster academic research on modern and contemporary history.
 Today, the Nehru Memorial Library is the world’s leading resource centre on India’s first prime minister and its archives contain the bulk of Mahatma Gandhi's writings apart from private papers of C. Rajagopalachari, B. C. Roy, Jayaprakash Narayan, Charan Singh, Sarojini Naidu and Rajkumari Amrit Kaur.
 In March 2010 it launched a digitization project of its archives, under which by June 2011, 867,000 pages of manuscripts and 29,807 photographs were scanned and 500,000 pages uploaded on the digital library website.
 Amongst noted publications of the NMML are "Selected Works of Jawaharlal Nehru", "Man of Destiny" by Ruskin Bond, "Nehru Anthology " (1980) and "Nehru Anthology".
