Orkworld is a fantasy role-playing game featuring orks.
 It was designed by John Wick, illustrated by Thomas Denmark and released by Wicked Press.
John Wick is a 2014 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and David Leitch.
 It stars Keanu Reeves, Michael Nyqvist, Alfie Allen, Adrianne Palicki, Bridget Moynahan, Dean Winters, Ian McShane, John Leguizamo and Willem Dafoe.
 The first installment in the "John Wick" film series, the story focuses on John Wick (Reeves), a retired hitman seeking vengeance for the theft of his vintage car and the killing of his puppy, a gift from his recently deceased wife.
 Stahelski and Leitch directed the film together, though Leitch was uncredited.
Théah is the fictional world created in the 7th Sea Roleplaying Game and 7th Sea Collectible Card Game, created by John Wick and Jennifer Wick, released by Alderac Entertainment Group (AEG).
 It is based on an alternate version of early modern Europe with nations matching different periods and legends.
 There is also a heady undercurrent of secret societies based on real world and fictional sources.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is a 2017 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad.
 The second installment in the "John Wick" film series, the plot follows hitman John Wick, who goes on the run after a bounty is placed on his head.
 It stars Keanu Reeves, Common, Laurence Fishburne, Riccardo Scamarcio, Ruby Rose, John Leguizamo and Ian McShane, and marks the first collaboration between Reeves and Fishburne since appearing together in "The Matrix" trilogy.
Houses of the Blooded is a roleplaying game designed by John Wick released in July 2008.
 Its author has described it as the "anti-Dungeons and Dragons roleplaying game," emphasising elements of the fantasy genre that D&D overlooks.
 Taking a more swords and sorcery approach (rather than "generic fantasy"), the game focuses on romance, intrigue, courtly dangers, and domain management.
John Wickes (1609-1676), also known as John Wick and John Wicks, was an early settler of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations and a co-founder and original purchaser of Warwick.
 He was born in 1609 in Staines, Middlesex, England.
 His father Robert Wickes had four sons: Thomas, John, Francis, and William.
Jonathan Sela (born April 29, 1978) is a French-born Israeli cinematographer.
 He has shot numerous commercials, music videos and feature film, including "John Wick", "The Midnight Meat Train", "", and the upcoming "Deadpool 2", as well as numerous collaborations with directors John Moore and David Leitch.
John Wick is an American role-playing game designer best known for his creative contributions to the Alderac Entertainment Group (AEG) properties "Legend of the Five Rings" and "7th Sea".
 He self-published Orkworld under the Wicked Press banner, and later co-founded the Wicked Dead Brewing Company with Jared Sorensen.
 His games under that company include Cat, Schauermärchen, Enemy Gods, and Thirty.
 He has won the Origins Award for Best Role-Playing Game and Best Collectible Card Game twice (for both the "Legend of the Five Rings" and "7th Sea" role-playing games and collectible card games).
John Wick: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the original soundtrack album to the 2014 film "John Wick" starring Keanu Reeves, Michael Nyqvist, Alfie Allen, Adrianne Palicki and Willem Dafoe.
 It contains twenty-seven tracks from the original film score written and composed by Tyler Bates and Joel J. Richard, with songs performed by Ciscandra Nostalghia, The Candy Shop Boys, and M86 & Susie Q, and features violin player Scott Tixier.
Legend of the Five Rings (often abbreviated L5R) is a fictional setting created by John Zinser, Dave Seay, Dave Williams, and John Wick and published by Alderac Entertainment Group in 1995.
 The setting primarily involves the fictional empire of Rokugan, though some additional areas and cultures have been discussed.
 Rokugan is based roughly on feudal Japan with influences from other East Asian cultures such as China, Mongolia and Korea.
 This setting is the basis for the Legend of the Five Rings Collectible Card Game as well as the Legend of the Five Rings Role-Playing Game.
 Legend of the Five Rings was also the "featured campaign setting" of the "Oriental Adventures" expansion to the third edition of "Dungeons & Dragons", though this book is now out of print.
