Sum 41 is a Canadian rock band from Ajax, Ontario.
 Originally called Kaspir, the band formed in 1996 and currently consists of lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist/keyboardist Deryck Whibley, lead guitarist/backing vocalist Dave Baksh, rhythm/lead guitarist/keyboardist/backing vocalist Tom Thacker, bassist/backing vocalist Jason McCaslin and drummer Frank Zummo.
Tai Chi (太極) is a Hong Kong rock band formed in Hong Kong in 1985 by Patrick Lui (lead vocalist), Albert Lui (lead vocalist), Joey Tang (guitarist), Gary Tong (keyboardist), Ernest Lau (guitarist), Eddy Sing (bass guitarist and backing vocal), and Ricky Chu (drummer).
 They are joined by the 1980s "Band-booming Era" along with Fundamental, Beyond, Tat Ming Pair, Blue Jeans, Small Island, Raidas, Citybeat.
 Tai Chi is well known for their catchy and modern tunes.
 They are still active to date and have a large base of fans.
Clinton Bradley David Bell (born March 18, 1983 in Davison, Michigan), known professionally as Bradley Bell, is an American keyboardist, pianist, synthesist, and backing vocalist, best known for being the keyboardist of post-hardcore band Chiodos, and also for being the keyboardist of pop punk band Cinematic Sunrise until their demise, and the keyboardist of experimental band The Sound of Animals Fighting.
 He was also in a pop punk band called Still No Sign, where he was the lead vocalist.
 Chiodos guitarist Pat McManaman was also in this band.
Escape the Fate is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in 2005 and originally from Pahrump, Nevada.
 The group consists of Robert Ortiz (drummer), Craig Mabbitt (lead vocalist), TJ Bell (rhythm guitarist, bassist and vocalist), Kevin "Thrasher" Gruft (lead guitarist, bassist, backing vocalist) and touring musician Max Georgiev (bassist).
 The group was founded by original vocalist Ronnie Radke, bassist Max Green and lead guitarist Monte Money.
 The band has had 10 official members and 5 touring members and throughout 2010-2013 had a fluctuating lineup, and has recorded 5 album with 4 different studio lineups.
The Prelude Implicit is the fifteenth studio album by American progressive rock band Kansas, released in September 2016.
 It is their third studio album without founding member, lead vocalist and keyboardist Steve Walsh, who retired from the band in 2014; the other two being 1982's "Vinyl Confessions" and 1983's Drastic Measures.
 It is their first album with lead vocalist and keyboardist Ronnie Platt, keyboardist David Manion, and guitarist Zak Rizvi, who started as a co-producer and songwriter before being named a full member of the band.
Marianas Trench is a Canadian pop punk band from Vancouver, British Columbia, formed in 2001.
 The band consists of members Josh Ramsay (lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist, pianist, songwriter, and occasional drummer), Matt Webb (lead guitarist and backing vocalist), Mike Ayley (bass guitarist and backing vocalist), and Ian Casselman (drummer, percussionist, and backing vocalist).
 The band has released four full-length studio albums, the most recent titled "Astoria", released on October 23, 2015, along with 2011's "Ever After", 2009's "Masterpiece Theatre" and 2006's "Fix Me".
 Their third album "Ever After" was nominated for a Juno Award.
Avenged Sevenfold (sometimes abbreviated as A7X) is an American heavy metal band from Huntington Beach, California, formed in 1999.
 The band's current lineup consists of lead vocalist M. Shadows, rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist Zacky Vengeance, lead guitarist and backing vocalist Synyster Gates, bassist and backing vocalist Johnny Christ, and drummer Brooks Wackerman.
Caleb Joshua Shomo (born December 1, 1992) is the lead vocalist of hardcore band Beartooth, the former lead vocalist, guitarist, keyboardist, and early on backing vocalist of metalcore band Attack Attack!
, and the owner of Studio Records in Columbus, Ohio.
 Shomo joined Attack Attack!
 as keyboardist at 14 years old while maintaining a passion for electronic music and eventually grew into record production by 18.
Angels & Airwaves is an American rock supergroup, featuring Tom DeLonge (lead vocalist, keyboardist, bassist and guitarist) and Ilan Rubin (drummer, keyboardist, guitarist, bassist and backing vocalist).
 Former members are Ryan Sinn (bassist and backing vocalist), Adam "Atom" Willard (drummer), Matt Wachter (bassist, keyboardist and backing vocalist).
 The status of David Kennedy (guitarist and keyboardist) and Eddie Breckenridge (bassist) is currently unknown.
Nicholas John "Nick" McCarthy (born 13 December 1974) is a German-English musician.
 He was the guitarist, backing/lead vocalist, and keyboardist of the Glasgow-based band Franz Ferdinand, and is a member of the band Box Codax.
