The Interstate Highways in Illinois are all segments of the Interstate Highway System that are owned and maintained by the U.S. state of Illinois.
 The Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT) is responsible for maintaining these highways in Illinois.
 The Interstate Highway System in Illinois consists of 13 primary highways and 11 auxiliary highways which cover 2,248.93 mi .
 The Interstate Highway with the longest section in Illinois is Interstate 57 at 358.57 mi ; the shortest is Interstate 41 at 0.90 mi .
The Interstate Highways in the state of Florida are owned and maintained by the Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT).
 There are four primary interstate highways and eight auxiliary highways, with a ninth proposed, totaling 1497.58 mi interstate miles in Florida.
 The longest interstate is I-75, extending 470.678 mi , and the shortest is I-395, extending just 1.292 mi .
The following is a list of Interstate Highways in Maryland.
 There are currently 16 Interstate Highways that exist entirely or partially in the U.S. state of Maryland.
 Six of these are primary Interstates while ten are auxiliary Interstates related to one of the primary Interstates.
 The longest primary Interstate in Maryland is Interstate 95 (commonly abbreviated I-95) at 110.01 mi .
 The shortest primary Interstate in Maryland is I-81 at 12.08 mi .
 I-97 is the shortest primary Interstate at 17.62 mi and the shortest intrastate Interstate.
 I-97 is also the only primary Interstate to be located entirely within one county and to not connect with any other primary Interstate.
 The longest auxiliary Interstate in Maryland is I-695 at 51.48 mi .
 The shortest auxiliary Interstate in Maryland is I-295 at 0.80 mi .
 All Interstates are maintained by the Maryland State Highway Administration except for all of I-395, all of I-895, a small part of I-695, I-95 within and north of Baltimore, and I-83 within Baltimore.
 Maryland has one unsigned Interstate, I-595; that highway is marked as U.S. Route 50 and US 301, which are concurrent with I-595 for its entire length.
 Maryland has one former Interstate, I-170, which is shaded in dark gray in the list.
The auxiliary Interstate Highways (also called three-digit Interstate Highways) are a supplemental subset of the freeways within the Interstate Highway System of the United States.
 Similar to the mainline Interstate Highways, these highways also meet all Interstate Highway Standards (with rare exceptions), they receive the same percentage of federal funding (90%), and they comply with other federal standards.
Interstate 85 (I-85) is a part of the Interstate Highway System that runs from Montgomery, Alabama to Petersburg, Virginia.
 In Virginia, the Interstate Highway runs 68.64 mi from the North Carolina state line near Bracey north to I-95 in Petersburg.
 I-85 passes through the eastern part of Southside Virginia, where it parallels U.S. Route 1 (US 1) from Petersburg, where the highway runs concurrently with US 460, to south of South Hill, where the highway intersects Southside's major east–west highway, US 58.
 The Interstate Highway is the primary connection between the Richmond–Petersburg metropolitan area and the Research Triangle and other major metropolitan areas of North Carolina.
 Like all mainline Interstate Highways, I-85 is a part of the National Highway System for its entire length in Virginia.
The Interstate Highways in Texas are all owned and maintained by the U.S. state of Texas.
 The Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) is the agency responsible for the day-to-day maintenance and operations of the Interstate Highways in Texas.
 The Interstate Highway System in Texas covers 3239.7 mi and consists of twelve primary routes, seven auxiliary routes and Interstate 35 (I-35) which is split into two branches, I-35E and I-35W, that provide access to both Fort Worth and Dallas.
 The longest segment of Interstate Highway in Texas is I-10 at 878.6 mi ; the shortest is I-110 at 0.9 mi .
There are 32 Interstate Highways—9 main routes and 23 auxiliary routes—that exist entirely or partially in the U.S. state of New York.
 In New York, Interstate Highways are mostly maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT), with some exceptions.
 Unlike in some other states, Interstate Highways in New York are not directly referenced by NYSDOT with their number; instead, the letter "I" is suffixed to the number of the route on reference markers and in internal documents.
 On the surface, there appears to be numerical duplication between several Interstate Highways and state routes—such as I-86 (I-86) and NY 86—but the "I" suffix that is appended to Interstate Highway numbers allows the Interstate Highway and state route to co-exist ("86I" versus "86", respectively).
Coinciding with the designation of several routes in the Interstate Highway System through Utah, the Utah State Legislature made several changes to the Utah State Route system.
 The bulk of these changes were not visible to the public, but were to unsigned legislative designations only.
 The primary effect was designating route numbers 1 through 5 for future corridors of the Interstate Highways in Utah.
 There were also changes made to a few unsigned highways serving state parks and institutions.
 Several other routes were truncated or re-assigned or split into multiple designations to allow the Interstate Highway corridors to have a single route number assigned.
 As very little of the Interstate Highway System had been constructed in Utah by 1962, these changes were primarily to support future construction.
 There were a number of cases where the legislative change enacted in 1962 would not be built and signed until years later.
 Few of the changes made in 1962 are still valid today.
 As construction of the Interstate Highway system proceeded, additional changes were made.
 The legislature made a larger change in route designations in 1977, eliminating unsigned legislative and concurrences in the process.
Interstate 81 (I-81) is an 855 mi highway.
 In the U.S. state of Virginia, I-81 runs for 324.92 mi , making the portion in Virginia longer than any other state's portion.
 It is also the longest Interstate highway within the borders of Virginia.
 It stretches from the Tennessee state line near Bristol to the West Virginia state line near Winchester.
Interstate 40 (I-40) is a part of the Interstate Highway System that runs from Barstow, California to Wilmington, North Carolina.
 In North Carolina, I-40 enters the state along the Pigeon River Gorge, from Tennessee.
 Crossing the entire state, it connects the cities of Asheville, Winston-Salem, Greensboro, Durham and Raleigh before ending along U.S. Highway 117/North Carolina Highway 132 (US 117/NC 132) in Wilmington.
 The landscapes traversed by I-40 include the Blue Ridge Mountains, foothills of western North Carolina, suburban communities, the urban core of several Piedmont cities, along with eastern North Carolina farmland.
 At a total of 423.55 mi , it is the longest interstate highway in North Carolina.
 There are five auxiliary Interstates in the state related to I-40, as well as one business loop which currently runs through Winston-Salem.
 The route is labeled east-west for the entire route (as are all even-numbered Interstate highways), however the eastern portion (from Hillsboro to Wilmington) follows a much more north-south alignment.
