"Far Cry" is the infamous unfinished recording that was included on singer Marvin Gaye's 1981 final Motown album, "In Our Lifetime".
 The song, essentially a funk-styled instrumental, featured a vocally conscious Gaye mouthing words while playing multiple instruments, including the drums and keyboards, on the first part of the song.
 The brief second half features a jazz instrumental with Gaye playing piano and drums and singing in falsetto, while his fellow instrumentalists, bassist Frank Blair and guitarist Gordon Banks, accompany him.
 The song's release among the eight original recordings on "In Our Lifetime" angered Marvin to the point where he severed ties with Motown, his home for twenty years, leaving the label for Columbia.
 As he told his biographer David Ritz, "I hadn't completed it...The song was in its most primitive stage.
 All I had was this jive vocal track, and they put it out as a finished fact.
 How could they embarrass me like that?
 I was humiliated.
 They also added guitar licks and bass lines.
 How dare they second guess my artistic decisions!
 Can you imagine saying to an artist, say Picasso, 'Okay, Pablo, you've been fooling with this picture long enough.
 We'll take your unfinished canvas and add a leg here, an arm there.
 You might be the artist, but you're behind schedule, so we'll finish up this painting for you.
 If you don't like the results, Pablo, baby, that's touch!'"
Frances "Frankie" Gaye (November 15, 1941 – December 30, 2001) was an American recording artist and brother of American recording artist Marvin Gaye.
 Gaye's recollections of his tenure at the Vietnam War inspired Marvin's song "What's Happening, Brother," from the album "What's Going On".
"What's Going On" is a song by American recording artist Marvin Gaye, released in 1971 on the Motown subsidiary Tamla.
 Originally inspired by a police brutality incident witnessed by Renaldo "Obie" Benson, the song was composed by Benson, Al Cleveland and Gaye and produced by Gaye himself.
 The song marked Gaye's departure from the Motown Sound towards more personal material.
 Later topping the Hot Soul Singles chart for five weeks and crossing over to number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, it would sell over two million copies, becoming Gaye's second-most successful Motown song to date.
Marvin's Room (originally named "Marvin Gaye Studios") is a recording studio founded by American recording artist Marvin Gaye in Los Angeles.
The Gaye family is a family most notable for their relation to Motown music artist Marvin Gaye.
 Along with Marvin, many of the family members have also made contributions within the music industry, theatre and film.
 Aside from him, the most notable relatives include Gaye's father Marvin Gay Sr., his mother Alberta, brother Frankie, sister Zeola, brother-in-law Gordon Banks, son Marvin III (adopted by his first wife Anna from her niece Denise Gordy), and daughter Nona.
Here, My Dear is the fifteenth studio album by music artist Marvin Gaye, released December 15, 1978, on Motown-subsidiary label Tamla Records.
 Recording sessions for the album took place between 1977 and 1978 at Gaye's personal studios, Marvin Gaye Studios in Los Angeles, California.
 The album was notable for its subject matter's being dedicated to the fallout of Gaye's marriage to his first wife, Anna Gordy Gaye.
 Initially a commercial and critical failure upon its release, it was later hailed by music critics as one of Gaye's best produced albums in the years following Gaye's death.
 "It's taken me a while," Anna Gordy admitted in later years, "but I've come to appreciate every form of Marvin's music."
"My Last Chance" is a song by American recording artist Marvin Gaye.
 Gaye originally recorded this song as a demo during the making of the "What's Going On" period, initially as an instrumental.
 Two years later, he added vocals.
 Eventually he revised the song, along with Anna Gordy Gaye, his wife, and collaborator Elgie Stover as "I Love You Secretly" for The Miracles on their 1973 album, "Renaissance".
Alberta Cooper Gay (January 1, 1913 – May 9, 1987) was an American domestic worker, schoolteacher and the mother of American recording artist Marvin Gaye.
 Born in Rocky Mount, North Carolina, she married Gaye's father, minister Marvin Gay, Sr., after relocating to Washington, D.C., in her early twenties.
 She was the only other person present in the murder of her son committed by his father.
American music artist Marvin Gaye released 25 studio albums, 4 live albums, 1 soundtrack album, 24 compilation albums and 83 singles.
 In 1961 Gaye signed a recording contract with Tamla Records, owned by Motown.
 The first release under the label was "The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye".
 Gaye's first album to chart was a duet album with Mary Wells titled "Together", peaking at number forty-two on the Billboard pop album chart.
 His 1965 album, "Moods of Marvin Gaye", became his first album to reach the top ten of the R&B album charts and spawned four hit singles.
 Gaye recorded more than thirty hit singles for Motown throughout the 1960s, becoming established as "the Prince of Motown".
 Gaye topped the charts in 1968 with his rendition of "I Heard It Through the Grapevine", while his 1969 album, "M.P.G.", became his first number one R&B album.
 Gaye's landmark album, 1971's "What's Going On" became the first album by a solo artist to launch three top ten singles, including the title track.
 His 1973 single, "Let's Get It On", topped the charts while its subsequent album reached number two on the charts becoming his most successful Motown album to date.
 In 1982, after 21 years with Motown, Gaye signed with Columbia Records and issued "Midnight Love", which included his most successful single to date, "Sexual Healing".
 Following his death in 1984, three albums were released posthumously while some of Gaye's landmark works were re-issued.
"Come Get to This" is a song written and recorded by American recording artist Marvin Gaye.
 It was released as the second single off Gaye's landmark album, "Let's Get It On" following the success of the title track.
 Recording sessions for the song first occurred in 1970 when Gaye worked on the song in a demo format while he made "What's Going On".
