"You and Me" is the second single of the UK act Uniting Nations immediately following the big success of "Out of Touch", Uniting Nations' remake of a Hall and Oats hit.
 The single also appears in the Uniting Nations album "One World".
 The song fronted the newcoming member of the band Craig Powell.
 The track also included vocals from studio session artist Jinian Wilde.
American rock band Linkin Park has recorded material for seven studio albums, the most recent being One More Light in 2017.
 A single from the album titled "Heavy" was released worldwide.
 The band was formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1996 by three high school friends; Mike Shinoda, Rob Bourdon, and Brad Delson.
 The group later expanded to a six piece when they added Joe Hahn, Dave "Phoenix" Farrell, and Mark Wakefield to the line-up.
 Mark Wakefield was later changed by lead vocalist Chester Bennington.
 After facing numerous rejections from several major record labels, Linkin Park turned to Jeff Blue for additional help.
 After failing to catch Warner Bros.
 Records on three previous reviews, Jeff Blue, now the vice president of Warner Bros.
 Records, helped the band sign a deal with the company in 1999.
 The band released its breakthrough album, "Hybrid Theory", the following year.
 The album produced four singles, "One Step Closer", "Crawling", "Papercut" and "In the End".
 The album included a total of twelve songs in addition with two special edition tracks available in Japan.
 Later in 2002 the band released a Remix album "Reanimation", which would include works from "Hybrid Theory" and non-album tracks.
 "Reanimation" debuted on July 30, 2002, featuring the likes of Black Thought, Jonathan Davis, Aaron Lewis, and many others.
 "Reanimation" claimed the second spot on the "Billboard" 200, and sold nearly 270,000 copies during its debut week.
 The remix album included twenty remixed songs, mainly hip-hop influenced.
"Better Off Alone" is a song by Alice Deejay, the trance music project of Dutch producer Jürgen Rijkers (DJ Jurgen) in collaboration with Sebastiaan Moljin and Eelke Kahlberg (Pronti & Kalmani).
 In 1998, the song was released as an instrumental by DJ Jurgen on Violent Records.
 Later releases of the track included vocals by Judith Pronk, who would later become a seminal part of the Alice Deejay project.
Rabid Neurosis (RNS) was an MP3 warez release organization which was founded in 1996, following in the footsteps of Compress 'Da Audio (CDA), the first MP3 piracy group.
 In 1999, the group claimed to have released over 6,000 titles a year.
 RNS occasionally used the tagline "Rabid Neurosis - Spread The Epidemic."
 RNS were best known for releasing highly anticipated albums by hip hop, pop, rock and dance artists weeks and sometimes months before their official release date.
 RNS is known to have greatly contributed to the mp3 scene.
 After their group was mentioned in an MTV News article about the early leak of the Eminem album "Encore", RNS stopped including their initials in filenames and ID3 tags.
Barbara Higbie (born 1958) is a Grammy nominated, Bammy award winning pianist, composer, violinist, singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
 She has played on over 65 CDs including 3 tunes on the recent Carlos Santana CD.
 A longtime Windham Hill recording artist, she has also recorded for Olivia/Second Wave records and Slowbaby Records.
 She resides in the San Francisco Bay Area with her family.
 She is a folk, jazz, pop, and fusion singer-songwriter, noted for her highly melodic, jazz/folk piano performances.
 She has toured nationally and internationally since the early 1980s.
 An early recording artist on the Windham Hill record label, she formed and played with the group Montreux along with Darol Anger, Mike Marshall, Todd Phillips, and Michael Manring.
 She recorded a critically acclaimed album titled "Unexpected" with singer Teresa Trull in 1983, which was included in The Boston Globe's Guide to Best Albums of 1983.
 Higbie and Trull teamed up again in 1997 to record an album titled "Playtime".
 Since 1990, Barbara Higbie has released a number of solo albums on the Windham Hill and Slowbaby labels.
 She is known as a versatile and soulful musician.
"Encore" (stylized as "ƎNCORE" and sometimes known as "Curtains Down") is a song by rappers Eminem, 50 Cent and Dr. Dre, released in 2004 as a vinyl single in the U.S.
 It was the title track from the Eminem album of the same name, which was also released that year.
 It is the third single and final track from the album.
"Not Afraid" is a song by American rapper Eminem from his seventh studio album "Recovery" (2010).
 It was released as the album's lead single on April 29, 2010, by Interscope Records.
 "Not Afraid" was first revealed as a single by Eminem via Twitter, after which the song debuted on radio.
 To promote the single's release, a freestyle rap, "Despicable", was released on the Internet and received attention for its tone and lyrical content.
 "Not Afraid" was written and produced by Eminem, Boi-1da, Jordan Evans and Matthew Burnett; keyboardist Luis Resto was also attributed with songwriting credit.
 According to Eminem's manager Paul Rosenberg and music critics, "Not Afraid" carries a positive message and depicts Eminem's change in direction from drugs and violence.
 The hip hop song features a choir that assists Eminem in a heavily layered chorus and vocals are sung over a guitar, synthesizer and piano; no Auto-Tune was used on the sung vocals, but many reverberation tools were.
"Numb" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her seventh studio album "Unapologetic" (2012).
 It features guest vocals by American rapper Eminem, making it the pair's third collaboration since the two official versions of "Love the Way You Lie".
 Following the album's release, "Numb" charted on multiple charts worldwide including in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States.
"Drop the World" is a song by American rapper and recording artist Lil Wayne, featuring a guest appearance from fellow American rapper Eminem.
 It serves as the third single from Lil Wayne's seventh studio album, "Rebirth" (2010).
 This song is also titled as: Eminem x Lil Wayne - "Drop the World" on Eminem's hidden video album titled "Detroit King" The song was released on iTunes on December 28, 2009.
 Lil Wayne, Eminem, and Travis Barker of Blink-182 performed the song together along with Drake's song "Forever" at the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2010.
 On April 10, 2014, the single was certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA.
On February 11, 2014, it was confirmed that the album's production team consisted of producers include Stu Bangas, C-Lance, Leaf Dog, Panik and including Army of the Pharaohs' own Apathy amongst others, including new faces that hadn't been producing for the group beforehand.
 In promotion for "In Death Reborn", Vinnie Paz released "The Flawless Victory" mixtape on March 2, 2014.
 Reef the Lost Cauze released a collaboration album titled "Fast Way" alongside producer Emyd on March 9, 2014.
 Member Doap Nixon only appeared on the song "7th Ghost" but spoke out saying, how he was only featured on one song because he had a lot of personal stuff going on and stated that there will be more of him on the LP that is due to drop in November.
 King Syze released his fourth studio album one month before the album release on March 25 titled "Union Terminology".
 Apathy pushed back the release date of "Connecticut Casual" from April to June in favour of "In Death Reborn".
 A week before the release of "In Death Reborn", Zilla announced he was working on his fourth studio album titled "Martyr Musick" set to be released sometime June 2014.
 The group released their second album of the year "Heavy Lies the Crown" on 21 October 2014.
 Six months after In Death Reborn.
