Ethiopia is a landlocked sovereign country located in the Horn of Africa.
 Ethiopia is bordered by Eritrea to the north, Sudan to the west, South Sudan to the south-west, Kenya to the south, Somalia to the east and Djibouti to the north-east.
 Ethiopia is one of the oldest countries in the world and Africa's second-most populous nation.
 Ethiopia has yielded some of humanity's oldest traces, making the area important in the history of human evolution.
 Recent studies claim that the vicinity of present-day Addis Ababa was the point from which human beings migrated around the world.
 Ethiopian dynastic history traditionally began with the reign of Emperor Menelik I in 1000 BC.
 The roots of the Ethiopian state are similarly deep, dating with unbroken continuity to at least the Aksumite Empire (which adopted the name "Ethiopia" in the 4th century) and its predecessor state, D`mt (with early 1st millennium BC roots).
 After a period of decentralized power in the 18th and early 19th centuries known as the Zemene Mesafint ("Era of the Judges/Princes"), the country was reunited in 1855 by Kassa Hailu, who became Emperor Tewodros II, beginning Ethiopia's modern history.
 Ethiopia's borders underwent significant territorial expansion to its modern borders for the rest of the century, especially by Emperor Menelik II and Ras Gobena, culminating in its victory over the Italians at the Battle of Adwa in 1896 with the military leadership of Ras Makonnen, and ensuring its sovereignty and freedom from colonization.
 It was brutally occupied by Benito Mussolini's Fascist Italy from 1936 to 1941, ending with its liberation by British Empire and Ethiopian Patriot forces.
P'ent'ay (from Amharic: , also transliterated as Pentay or Pente) is an Amharic and Tigrinya language term for a Christian of a Protestant denomination, widely used in Ethiopia and among Ethiopians and Eritreans living abroad.
 The term was coined in the late 1960s and was used as a pejorative for churches that believed in the Pentecostal experience.
 Today, it is used to describe local Protestant Christians who are not members of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo and Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo churches.
 The term "P'ent'ay" is a shortening of the word "Pentecostal"; however, it is widely used when referring to all Protestant Christians whether they are actual Pentecostals or not.
 Some Orthodox will also apply the term to the small Catholic population of Ethiopia.
 The equivalent rendition in many other languages is Evangelicals.
 The four major Evangelical denominations in Ethiopia are: the Kale Heywet (Word of Life); Mekane Yesus (Place of Jesus), Lutheran; Mulu Wongel (Full Gospel) and Meserete Kristos (meaning "Christ foundation") or Mennonite.
 Some P'ent'ay communities - especially Mekane Yesus - have been influenced by the Orthodox Tewahedo Church, which represents mainstream, traditional Ethiopian Christianity.
 But for the most part they are very Pentecostal in their worship and theology.
Herbert S. Lewis (born May 8, 1934) is Professor Emeritus of Anthropology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he taught from 1963 to 1998.
 He has conducted extensive field research.
 In Ethiopia, Lewis studied both the history of the Oromo (Galla) Kingdom of Jimma Abba Jifar and the lives of contemporary Oromos from 1958–60 and in 1965–66.
 (Many of his ethnographic photographs are visible in the University of Wisconsin's Digital Library.
 See the link to Africa Focus below).
 His work in Ethiopia was concerned above all with political leadership and community organization as well as ethnohistory and culture history.
 The book, originally titled A Galla Monarchy: Jimma Abba Jifar, Ethiopia, 1830-1932, is a study of the nature of the monarchy, the sources of the ruler's power, as well as its origins.
 The study in 1965-66 centered on community life and the leadership of spirit mediums, k'allu, who effectively organized religious life and conflict resolution, and provided a degree of political leadership for rural districts.
The Second Battle of Agordat was fought in late December 1893, between Italian colonial troops and Mahdists from the Sudan.
 Emir Ahmed Ali campaigned against the Italian forces in eastern Sudan and led about 10–12,000 men east from Kassala.
 This force encountered 2,400 Italians and their Eritrean askaris at Agordat, west of Asmara, commanded by Colonel Arimondi.
 Over 1,000 Dervishes, including the Emir, were killed in severe fighting.
 The outcome of the battle constituted:
The Treaty of Addis Ababa, signed 23 October 1896, formally ended the First Italo–Ethiopian War on terms mostly favorable to Ethiopia.
 This treaty superseded a secret agreement between Ethiopia and Italy negotiated days after the decisive Battle of Adwa in March of the same year, in which Ethiopian forces commanded by Menelik II defeated the Italians.
 The most important concession the Italians made was the abrogation of the Treaty of Wuchale and recognizing Ethiopia as an independent country.
Ethiopia–Japan relations are the international relations between Ethiopia and Japan.
 Both were nations with an ancient history which successfully repulsed European military advances to dominate them, Ethiopia at the Battle of Adwa, and Japan at the Battle of Tsushima, and as a result both nations considered each other potential allies prior to World War II.
The First Italo-Ethiopian War was fought between Italy and Ethiopia from 1895 to 1896.
 It originated from a disputed treaty which, the Italians claimed, turned the country into an Italian protectorate.
 Italy was supported by the two other triple alliance members Germany and Austria.
 Much to their surprise, they found that Ethiopian ruler Menelik II, rather than being opposed by some of his traditional enemies, was supported by them, so the Italian army, invading Ethiopia from Italian Eritrea in 1893, faced a more united front than they expected.
 In addition, Ethiopia was supported by Russia, an Orthodox Christian nation like Ethiopia with military advisers, army training, and the sale of weapons for Ethiopian forces during the war.
 Ethiopia was also supported diplomatically by the United Kingdom and France in order to prevent Italy from becoming a colonial competitor.
 Full-scale war broke out in 1895, with Italian troops having initial success until Ethiopian troops counterattacked Italian positions and besieged the Italian fort of Meqele, forcing its surrender.
 Italian defeat came about after the Battle of Adwa, where the Ethiopian army dealt the heavily outnumbered Italians a decisive blow and forced their retreat back into Eritrea.
The Battle of Adwa (Amharic: አድዋ; Amharic translated: Adowa, or sometimes by the Italian name "Adua") was fought on 2 March 1896/Yekatit 23, 1889 according to Ethiopian calendar between the Ethiopian Empire and the Kingdom of Italy near the town of Adwa, Ethiopia, in Tigray.
 This climactic battle of the First Italo-Ethiopian War, was a decisive defeat for Italy and secured Ethiopian sovereignty.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi, OSML, OMS, OCI (Savigliano, 26 April 1846 – Adwa, 1 March 1896) was an Italian general, mostly known for his role during the First Italo-Ethiopian War.
 He was one of the few European commanders who gained a victory over the Mahdists before Kitchener's Expedition, soundly defeating them at Agordat in 1893.
 After a long and successfull colonial service, he died in combat at Adwa, and was posthumously awarded the Gold Medal of Military Valor.
Saint Ephigenia of Ethiopia or Iphigenia of Ethiopia (Spanish: "Efigênia" ; Portuguese: "Ifigênia" ; French: "Iphigénie" ; ), also called Iphigenia of Abyssinia (1st century), is a folk saint whose life is told in the "Golden Legend" as a virgin converted to Christianity and then consecrated to God by St. Matthew the Apostle, who was spreading the Gospel to the region of "Ethiopia", which in this case is understood to be located in the regions south of the Caspian Sea, either in one of the provinces of Mesopotamia (Assyria and Babylon), or in Ancient Armenia (Colchis).
