Madden NFL 2005 is an American football simulation video game based on the NFL that was developed by EA Tiburon, along with Exient Entertainment and Budcat Creations, and published by EA Sports.
 The 16th installment of the "Madden NFL series", it features former Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis on the cover.
 Al Michaels and John Madden return as game commentators.
 Released on August 9, 2004, the game is the first "Madden" game to feature Xbox Live.
 It was the last "Madden" game to play on the PlayStation, and the first "Madden" game to play on the Nintendo DS as a launch title.
"Ten Thousand Fists" is a song by the American heavy metal band Disturbed.
 The song was released in 2006 as the fifth single from their third studio album, "Ten Thousand Fists".
 It is also featured as soundtrack in the video game "Madden NFL 06".
Everready (The Religion) is the fifth studio album by rapper Tech N9ne.
 The album was released in 2006 as a "Collector's Edition" CD that contains a second CD featuring 14 songs from Tech N9ne as well as other Strange Music artists.
 "Jellysickle" & "My Wife, My Bitch, My Girl" also appeared on the "25 To Life" video game soundtrack, while a censored version of "The Beast" was featured on the soundtrack to "Madden NFL 06", released in 2005.
 In 2010, the song "Riot Maker" was used by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as the official theme for their Hard Justice pay-per-view.
 The album debuted at #50 on the "Billboard" 200 with 22,000 copies sold in its first week.
 The song "Caribou Lou" was later certified Gold in 2012, and certified platinum later in 2017.
Madden NFL 08 is an American football video game based on the NFL that was published by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon.
 It was the 19th installment in the "Madden NFL" video game franchise.
 It features the former Tennessee Titans quarterback Vince Young on the cover; San Diego Chargers defensive end Luis Castillo was the cover athlete for the Spanish-language version.
 This was the first Madden game made for 11 different platforms, it was released on on August 14, 2007 for Xbox 360, Wii, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable, Xbox, GameCube, Microsoft Windows, and Mobile phone.
 This is the last version of Madden to be released for the Microsoft Windows, and Madden NFL 08 would also eventually become the last video game for the Nintendo GameCube produced and released in North America.
Everything Is is the debut album by English alternative rock band Nine Black Alps.
 The album generally received favourable reviews among critics, and heralded acclaim from portions of the British music press, earning the band a loyal fanbase following in the UK.
 The single Unsatisfied was featured in episode 3.20 of the television series One Tree Hill.
 "Shot Down" appeared in the video games "Burnout Revenge", "Burnout Legends" and "SSX on Tour" in 2005.
 The song "Cosmopolitan" is featured on "FIFA 06" and "Madden NFL 06" and "Not Everyone" appeared on "".
Madden NFL 2002 (also known as Madden 2002) is an American football video game.
 It features former Minnesota Vikings quarterback Daunte Culpepper on the cover.
 Pat Summerall and John Madden are the commentators.
 The Madden NFL 2002 commercial first aired during Super Bowl XXXVI, three days after Madden NFL 2002 started selling in Japan by Electronic Arts Square.
 Notably, it did not feature the Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady, who was included on later editions of the game as a roster update.
Madden NFL 2000 (also known as Madden 2000) is a football video game.
 This was the second of the "Madden NFL" games to not solely feature John Madden on the cover in North America.
 The only other one was Madden NFL '95.
 Most versions of the game cover featured Madden prominently in the foreground, and a recognizable Barry Sanders in a background action graphic.
 The European PAL edition features only Dorsey Levens on the cover.
Madden NFL 25 is an American football sports video game based on the National Football League and published by EA Sports.
 It was released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in August 2013.
 Instead of numbering it "Madden NFL 14" with the year like in previous versions, the "25" in the title refers to the 25th anniversary of the "Madden NFL" series.
 The eighth-generation console versions of "Madden NFL 25" are the very first games to run on EA Sports's Ignite game engine.
 However, the seventh generation versions still run on EA's previous game engine, Impact.
 The seventh-generation versions featured former Detroit Lions running back Barry Sanders on the cover, while the eighth-generation versions featured Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson, and were released as launch titles for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in November 2013.
Madden NFL 2001 is an American football video game.
 It is the third in the Madden NFL series to include an NFL player, Tennessee Titans running back Eddie George, on its cover (the first being "Madden NFL '95", which featured Erik Williams and Karl Wilson along with Madden himself).
 It is also the first game in the Madden NFL series to appear on the PlayStation 2 game console.
 This is the first Madden game to feature NFL Europe teams.
Madden NFL 06 is an American football video game which was released in 2005.
 It is also a launch game for the Xbox 360.
 It is the 16th installment of the Madden NFL series by EA Sports, named for noted color commentator John Madden.
 The product features former Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb on the cover.
 It is the first Madden game for the PlayStation Portable and Xbox 360.
 The game also features WWE and UFC superstar, Brock Lesnar as a playable character for the Minnesota Vikings.
