Danny "Dan" Mara is a retired College basketball (section Women's) coach who is in his ninth year as Commissioner of the Central Atlantic Collegiate Conference and former Chair of the NCAA Division II Membership Committee.
 He spent 16 years directing a highly successful basketball camp at Mitchell College where he is considered a special alumni.
 As head coach at Mitchell, he coached ten Kodak All-Americans including future Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) Rita Williams.
 Williams went on to University of Connecticut to lead them to the 1998 Big East Championship and was named tournament Most Valuable Player (MVP).
 She was the 12th pick in the 1998 WNBA Draft and was chosen as the first all-star game representative in Indiana Fever history.
 As coach of the New London, Connecticut junior college team, Mara was the legal guardian of the longest regular-season winning streak in college basketball.
 In his coaching career at Mitchell college, Mara still lived on campus, in Matteson Hall, a men's dorm.
 He roomed with Pep, a 16-year-old Samoyed and collie mix, who until the '94 basketball season sat beside him at home games.
 To players he is something of a father figure to potential athletes, because each year Mara looks after stray players who, for various reasons, have not found a place at a four-year college, and he makes them part of his family.
Trovata is a Newport Beach, California-based clothing company that specializes in casual contemporary apparel.
 The clothing line has gained notoriety for combining an East Coast preppy look with a West Coast surfing appeal.
 Trovata is notorious for their use of buttons and stripes.
 The clothing line was started in 2002 by college friends Jeff Halmos, John Whitledge, Sam Shipley, and Josia Lamberto-Egan, and has won numerous awards for their achievements in design, including the Ecco Domani, CFDA’s Swarovski Perry Ellis for menswear and a $200,000 grant from the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund.
 John Whitledge is the only one left from the original group that started the line.
 Sam Shipley and Jeff Halmos now operate the men's clothing brand Shipley & Halmos.
Ronald John Edward "Ron" Ellis (born January 8, 1945) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.
 Ellis played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
 Ellis won the Stanley Cup in 1967, and took part in the famed 1972 Summit Series against the Russian National team.
 After playing, Ellis went into business, and later joined the staff of the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Estella Dawn Warren (born December 23, 1978) is a Canadian actress, fashion model, and former synchronized swimmer.
 During her swimming career she was a member of the Canadian national team and won three national titles.
 Since 1994 she has been modeling through publications such as "Sports Illustrated" as well as working for campaigns for such brands as Perry Ellis and Victoria's Secret.
Perry Ellis (born September 14, 1993) is an American professional basketball player for the Sydney Kings of the National Basketball League (NBL).
 In 2016, Ellis joined the Greensboro Swarm of the NBA Development League following an outstanding four-year career at the University of Kansas.
 Playing for highly respected Kansas coach Bill Self, Ellis averaged 12.5 points and 5.8 rebounds over 144 college games, leading the Jayhawks to an impressive 115–29 record that included four trips to the NCAA Tournament.
 He led his team to an 'Elite Eight' Regional Finals appearance in the 2016 tournament.
Craig Ellis (born January 26, 1961 in Los Angeles, California) is a former gridiron football running back and slotback who played ten seasons in Canadian Football League for five different teams.
 He also played two seasons in the National Football League.
 Ellis played college football at San Diego State University.
Todd Ellis (born May 16, 1967) is a former American football quarterback.
 He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the ninth round of the 1990 NFL Draft, but never appeared in an NFL game.
 He played for the Sacramento Surge of the World League of American Football.
 Ellis played college football at South Carolina.
 He has since returned to the Columbia area, where he maintains a successful law practice.
 However, Ellis is perhaps best known as the "Voice of the Gamecocks", serving as the play-by-play man for radio broadcasts of USC football games, and hosting both "The Will Muschamp Show" and "Carolina Calls With Will Muschamp", on TV and radio respectively.
LeRon Perry Ellis (born April 28, 1969) is an American former professional basketball player.
 Ellis was considered to be one of the premier high school basketball players in the nation among the class of 1987 while playing for the top-ranked Southern California prep school squad Mater Dei.
 Ellis was drafted into the NBA after a mixed college basketball performance at the University of Kentucky and Syracuse University.
 He suffered several unsuccessful stints in the NBA over three non-consecutive seasons but spent the majority of his professional basketball career playing overseas.
The Catholic University Cardinals football team represents The Catholic University of America in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division III college football competition as a member of the New England Women's and Men's Athletic Conference.
 The team played its first game in 1895 and was a major college team in the first half of the 20th century, into the 1940s.
 The football program was put on hiatus during World War II, and then discontinued shortly afterwards.
 In 1965, football returned to the university at the club level, and, in 1977, re-entered NCAA competition as part of Division III.
 The Cardinals have participated in the Division III playoffs three times in the late 1990s and have secured two ODAC championships.
 The head coach is Mike Gutelius.
The Bacardi Bowl was a college football bowl game played seven times in Havana, Cuba at Almandares Park and La Tropical Stadium.
 The games were also referred to as the Rhumba Bowl and were the climaxing event of Cuba’s annual National Sports Festival.
 The first five occurrences matched an American college team (all from the Deep South) against Cuban universities or athletic clubs.
 The 1937 game featured two American universities.
 The 1946 game—sometimes considered the first of the Cigar Bowl games—also matched an American college team (from the Deep South) against a Cuban university.
