The World Trade Organization (WTO) is an intergovernmental organization that regulates international trade.
 The WTO officially commenced on 1 January 1995 under the Marrakesh Agreement, signed by 123 nations on 15 April 1994, replacing the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), which commenced in 1948.
 It is the largest international economic organization in the world.
 The WTO deals with regulation of trade between participating countries by providing a framework for negotiating trade agreements and a dispute resolution process aimed at enforcing participants' adherence to WTO agreements, which are signed by representatives of member governments and ratified by their parliaments.
 Most of the issues that the WTO focuses on derive from previous trade negotiations, especially from the Uruguay Round (1986–1994).
The International Sugar Organization is an intergovernmental organization, based in London, which was established by the International Sugar Agreement of 1968, as the body responsible for administering the Agreement.
 Unlike its predecessors under pre-1968 versions of the International Sugar Agreement, it does not have the power to regulate the international sugar trade by price-setting or export quotas but seeks to promote the trade in and consumption of sugar by gathering and publishing information on the sugar market, research into new uses for sugar and related products and as a forum for intergovernmental discussions on sugar.
 As of June 2017, its membership consisted of 87 countries.
An intergovernmental organization or international governmental organization (IGO) is an organization composed primarily of sovereign states (referred to as "member states"), or of other intergovernmental organizations.
 Intergovernmental organizations are often called international organizations, although that term may also include international nongovernmental organization such as international nonprofit organizations or multinational corporations.
The Economic Cooperation Organisation or ECO is a Eurasian political and economic intergovernmental organization which was founded in 1985 in Tehran by the leaders of Iran, Pakistan and Turkey.
 It provides a platform to discuss ways to improve development and promote trade and investment opportunities.
 The ECO is an "ad hoc" organisation under the United Nations Charter (Chap.
 VIII).
 The objective is to establish a single market for goods and services, much like the European Union.
 ECO's secretariat and cultural department are located in Iran, its economic bureau is in Turkey and its scientific bureau is situated in Pakistan.
ALBA or ALBA-TCP, formally the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America (Spanish: "Alianza Bolivariana para los Pueblos de Nuestra América" ) or the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America - Peoples’ Trade Treaty (Spanish: "Alianza Bolivariana para los Pueblos de Nuestra América - Tratado de Comercio de los Pueblos" ), is an intergovernmental organization based on the idea of the social, political and economic integration of the countries of Latin America and the Caribbean.
 The name "Bolivarian" refers to the ideology of Simón Bolívar, the 19th-century South American independence leader born in Caracas who wanted Hispanic America to unite as a single "Great Nation."
 Founded initially by Cuba and Venezuela in 2004, it is associated with socialist and social democratic governments wishing to consolidate regional economic integration based on a vision of social welfare, bartering and mutual economic aid.
 The eleven member countries are Antigua and Barbuda, Bolivia, Cuba, Dominica, Ecuador, Grenada, Nicaragua, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and Venezuela.
 Suriname was admitted to ALBA as a guest country at a February 2012 summit.
 ALBA nations may conduct trade using a virtual regional currency known as the SUCRE.
 Venezuela and Ecuador made the first bilateral trade deal using the Sucre, instead of the US dollar, on July 6, 2010.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) is an intergovernmental organization that provides services and advice concerning migration to governments and migrants, including internally displaced persons, refugees, and migrant workers.
 As of September 2016, it became a related organization of the United Nations.
 It was initially established in 1951 as the Intergovernmental Committee for European Migration (ICEM) to help resettle people displaced by World War II.
 As of June 2016, the International Organization for Migration has 166 member states and 8 observer states.
The future enlargement of the Eurasian Economic Union is theoretically open to any Post-Soviet states and potentially any country of Europe or Asia.
 In order to accede, a state must fulfill certain economic and political requirements.
 Enlargement of the Union is also subject to the consent of all existing members and the candidate's adoption of existing EEU laws and implementing previous decisions made by the Eurasian Economic Commission.
 The present agenda of the enlargement of the Eurasian Economic Union is primarily focused on Tajikistan.
 Meanwhile, Moldova was granted Observer Status in April 2017.
 The process of enlargement is referred to as Eurasian integration or Eurasianism.
 This term is also used to refer to the intensification of economic cooperation between Eurasian Economic Union member states.
Gül Train (Formerly ECO Train) (Urdu: ‎ ) is an international freight train service between Islamabad, Pakistan and Istanbul, Turkey via Tehran, Iran.
 The train named after Turkish President Abdullah Gül and was launched on 14 August 2009 on trial basis.
 It is an important project of Economic Cooperation Organization.
The Coalition for Rainforest Nations (CfRN) is an intergovernmental organization established by forested tropical counties to collaboratively reconcile forest stewardship with economic development.
 The Rainforest Coalition aims to bring together both developing and industrialized nations for the purpose of creating community-driven, environmentally sustainable economic growth.
The United Nations (UN) is an intergovernmental organization tasked to promote international co-operation and to create and maintain international order.
 A replacement for the ineffective League of Nations, the organization was established on 24 October 1945 after World War II in order to prevent another such conflict.
 At its founding, the UN had 51 member states; there are now 193.
 The headquarters of the UN is in Manhattan, New York City, and is subject to extraterritoriality.
 Further main offices are situated in Geneva, Nairobi, and Vienna.
 The organization is financed by assessed and voluntary contributions from its member states.
 Its objectives include maintaining international peace and security, promoting human rights, fostering social and economic development, protecting the environment, and providing humanitarian aid in cases of famine, natural disaster, and armed conflict.
 The UN is the largest, most familiar, most internationally represented and most powerful intergovernmental organization in the world.
