Adam Anderson (born December 5, 1985, in Norfolk, VA) is an American professional monster truck driver.
 He currently drives the monster truck "Grave Digger" on the USHRA Monster Jam circuit.
 Adam is the son of Dennis Anderson, a monster truck driver and 4-time Monster Truck World Champion.
 Adam currently resides in his home town of Powells Point, NC.
2Xtreme Racing is a monster truck team consisting of the trucks Bounty Hunter, Scarlet Bandit and Iron Outlaw, all of which compete primarily on the USHRA Monster Jam circuit.
 The team is owned by Jimmy Creten, and includes Creten, his wife Dawn Creten, Trent Montgomery, and Todd Morey as drivers.
 Each truck features an old west theme with a character based on the truck's name.
 All three vehicles have competed in the Monster Jam World Finals, and Bounty Hunter was the 2005 World Freestyle Champion.
 Jimmy Creten and Trent Montgomery currently drive the two Bounty Hunter trucks, Dawn Creten drives the Scarlet Bandit truck and Todd Morey drives Iron Outlaw.
The Outer Banks Daredevils are an amateur baseball team playing in the Tidewater Summer League, a collegiate summer baseball league.
 The team plays its home games at the First Flight Baseball Complex in Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina.
 The Daredevils were one of the original teams in the Coastal Plain League summer baseball league when the league was founded in 1997.
 The team was originally located in Manteo, North Carolina until the team moved to Kill Devil Hills in 2006.
 Since their founding, the Daredevils have had much success winning the 2002 and 2003 Coastal Plain League championships.
 After missing the 2012 season, the Daredevils joined the Tidewater Summer League for the 2013 season.
 The Daredevils plan to rejoin the CPL in the near future.
Blue Thunder is a monster truck that raced in the USHRA Monster Jam series.
 It was sponsored by the truck division of Ford Motor Company and Live Nation.
 The truck has several similarities with the monster truck Bigfoot.
 Some fans saw Blue Thunder as a replacement for Bigfoot in the Monster Jam series.
 The truck had been moderately successful and won several major events during its existence.
 However, it has not yet won a championship.
 Blue Thunder is used by Ford Motor Company for promotional purposes along with competition.
 The truck is currently driven by Matt Cody.
 The truck did not compete in 2012 when Todd LeDuc moved to Metal Mulisha after driving Blue Thunder in 2011.
 The truck was brought back in 2013 with a veteran driver, Dan Evans; who use to own and drive Destroyer, then Team Hot Wheels, as well as a new paint job.
Kill Devil Hill is a heavy metal supergroup founded in 2011 by drummer Vinny Appice (former Black Sabbath, Heaven & Hell and Dio), bassist Rex Brown (former Pantera and Down), guitarist Mark Zavon (former 40 cycle hum) and lead vocalist Dewey Bragg (former Pissing Razors).
 The band is named after the town of Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina, a location renowned from pirating days.
 The band's sound has been described as "heavy and modern without succumbing to typical contemporary hardcore trappings – indecipherable vocals or overused blast beats."
Monster Nationals is the name of the monster truck series run by Image Promotions.
 The series primarily consists of monster truck racing and freestyle in indoor arenas.
 The events typically have only two parallel sets of cars on an empty concrete floor as a race track.
 The event format is similar to those of the USHRA Thunder Nationals series, due to owner George Eisenhart being the former director of that series.
 Trucks currently running in the series include Big Dawg, Lil' Miss Dangerous, Nitemare, Raminator, and Rammunition.
 In previous years, Bigfoot also competed.
 Unlike its USHRA counterpart, the Monster Nationals series runs indoor arena shows during the winter season and outdoor fairground shows during the summer.
 Some monster trucks that are new to the Monster Nationals include Tailgator (Doug Noelke's newest creation), Holman's Beast and teammate truck Ironman, and more.
 Returning trucks to the circuit include War Wagon, formerly owned by Jeff Cook who sold it to Andy Hoffman, and Samson, who ran the outdoor series in 2003 and 2007.
 The Monster Nationals, along with intense monster truck racing, also features some extreme stunts and performances such as a jet-powered Jeep, a jet-powered recliner, FMX Freestyle, BMX Freestyle, and car-eating transformers.
Trucks and Tractor Power was a long running weekly television show on TNN featuring mud bogging, tractor pulling and monster trucks.
 The show's original hosts were Stan Rhoads and former Bigfoot driver Rich Hooser, along with pit reporter Mike Goss.
 Gary Lee replaced Stan Rhoads.
 Army Armstrong later joined as a pit reporter, and later, when Hooser left the show, became color commentator.
 The show initially began in 1989 as a vehicle for TNT Motorsports events, complimenting their ESPN show Powertrax and syndicated show Tuff Trax, and would typically alternate between truck and tractor pulls and monster trucks, with National Mud Racing Organization mud races intermittently.
 After TNT was bought out by the United States Hot Rod Association in 1991, the show began primarily airing the Pendaliner Monster Truck Series and NMRO mud races held at Special Events' 4-Wheel and Off-Road Jamborees.
 A frequent feature of these shows was a highlight segment of "Tough Truck" amateur off-road races near the end of the monster truck episodes.
 The final season of Trucks and Tractor Power had Gary Lee as the host at the Monster Truck Thunder Drags, with Dave Rief, and later Tom Rivers, for the Jamborees.
 At the end of the 1996 season, the Pendaliner cancelled their sponsorship of the monster truck series, causing the show to be subsequently cancelled.
Kill Devil Hills is a town in Dare County, North Carolina.
 The population was 6,683 at the 2010 census, up from 5,897 in 2000.
 It is the most populous settlement in both Dare County and on the Outer Banks of North Carolina.
 The Kill Devil Hills Micropolitan Statistical Area is part of the larger Virginia Beach-Norfolk, VA-NC Combined Statistical Area.
Dennis Anderson (born October 24, 1960) is an American professional monster truck driver.
 He is the creator, team owner, and former driver of "Grave Digger" on the USHRA Monster Jam circuit.
 Anderson is from Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina, where he currently resides.
Monster Truck Madness 2 is a monster truck racing video game developed by Terminal Reality and Edge of Reality, and published by Microsoft for Microsoft Windows 95, NT, and Nintendo 64 in 1998 and 1999.
 It's a sequel to "Monster Truck Madness".
 The Nintendo 64 version of the game was co-published with Rockstar and released as Monster Truck Madness 64.
