DOI is a Hindu Gurjar surname and also a Japanese surname Doi (土井、土居、土肥 ) are three Japanese family names that are pronounced identically, with the first kanji of each pair of characters meaning "earth."
 Since they are the same phonetically, they are romanized identically: "do" for the first character and "i" for the second.
 Their identical pronunciation makes them function as the same surname in languages with writing systems that do not use some form of Chinese characters (for example, the Latin alphabet).
Graham ( ) is a masculine given name in the English language.
 According to some sources, it comes from an Old English word meaning "grey home".
 According to other sources, it comes from the surname "Graham", which in turn is an Anglo-French form of the name of the town of Grantham, in Lincolnshire, England.
 The settlement is recorded in the 11th century "Domesday Book" variously as "Grantham", "Grandham", "Granham" and "Graham".
 This place name is thought to be derived from the Old English elements "grand", possibly meaning "gravel", and "ham", meaning "hamlet" the English word given to small settlements of smaller size than villages.
 In the 12th century the surname was taken from England to Scotland by Sir William de Graham, who founded Clan Graham.
 Variant spellings of the forename are "Grahame" and "Graeme".
 The forename "Graham" is considered to be an English and Scottish given name.
 Its origin as a surname has led to its occasional use as a female given name, as for example in the case of Graham Cockburn, a daughter of Henry Cockburn, Lord Cockburn.
Santamaria (also spelled Santamaría or Santa Maria) is a surname from the Latin Arch in Europe.
 The name, a reference to the Blessed Virgin Mary meaning "Holy Mary" or "Saint Mary", means the same thing in the Spanish, Italian, Portuguese and Catalan languages, as thus it has origins in several different European countries where those languages are spoken.
 The surname has spread further afield to the Americas, especially South America and various other places via immigration and colonisation.
Sloboda is a Slovak surname.
 In Slavic languages the primary meaning of the word is "freedom", "liberty".
 As the surname it used to refer to "free men" (to distinguish them from "serfs").
 The cognate surnames in other Slavic languages include Svoboda and Swoboda.
Back from the Grave, Volume 4 (CD), is the fourth installment in the Back from the Grave compact disc-exclusive series of garage rock compilations assembled by Tim Warren of Crypt Records.
 It was released on October 10, 2000.
 Its track listing differs from that of the LP version, which is part of the "Back From the Grave" LP-edition series, also on Crypt.
 In keeping with all of the entries in the series, and as indicated in the subheading which reads "Raw 'n' Crude Mid-60s Garage Punk!
," this collection consists of many songs which display the rawer and more aggressive side of the genre and are often characterized by the use of fuzztone-distorted guitars and rough vocals.
 Accordingly, the set generally excludes psychedelic, folk rock, and pop-influenced material in favor of basic primitive rock and roll.
 The packaging features a booklet containing well-researched liner notes written by Tim Warren which conveys basic information about each song and group, such as origin, recording date, and biographical sketches, usually written in a conversational style that includes occasional slang, anecdotes, humorous asides.
 The liner notes are noticeably opinionated, sometimes engaging in tongue-in-cheek insults directed at other genres of music.
 The booklet also includes photographs of the bands, and the front cover features a highly satirical cartoon by Mort Todd depicting revivified "rock and roll" zombies who, on this occasion, with the help of Batman's sidekick, Robin, have taken the 1966 TV series Batmobile out for a "wild joyride" and are intent on causing as much mayhem as possible and "lassoing" unsuspecting bystanders—only on this outing, their "victims" are more "randomly selected" than as customarily portrayed on "Back from the Grave" sleeves.
Del Rosario, in Spanish and Italian languages, and do Rosário in Portuguese language (English: of the rosary ) is a surname that has as its etymology, the Latin preposition, ""de"" meaning ""of the"" and the Latin noun ""rosarium"", meaning ""rosegarden"" or ""garland of roses"" but in this case, takes the meaning of ""rosary"", the Roman Catholic devotion to the Virgin Mary.
 In fact, its origins are from the Middle Ages, around the 12th century, and it is much associated with the cult of the Virgin Mary at the time when the rose became part of the holy aura, which surrounded anything to do with Mary, and the Our Lady of the Rosary's Feast of the Holy Rosary.
 This surname is common in Romance languages regions, and is also one of the most common surnames in the Philippines and other islands of Spanish East Indies since the mid-19th century, and where it is one of the most popular clans together with Cruz, Santos, Reyes, Gonzales, Bautista, García, Mendoza, Aquino, and others, because there are so many people that have this surname.
Gref is a German surname of Frisian origin, meaning "Grave".
 It may refer to
Pogrebinsky (also spelled "Pogrebinski", "Pogrebinskii", and "Pogrebinskiy") is a surname of Slavic language origin.
 The earliest record of "Pogrebinsky" comes from Ukraine.
 The surname may derive from a place of origin or refer to someone who worked at a graveyard or was involved in burials.
 In Slavic languages, the prefix "po" indicates "by" or "near" while "grob" may refer to a grave, casket, or cellar.
Mandel is a surname that occurs in multiple cultures and languages.
 It is a Dutch, German and Jewish surname, meaning "almond", from the Middle High German and Middle Dutch "mandel".
 Mandel can be a locational surname, from places called Mandel, such as Mandel, Germany.
 Mandel may also be a Dutch surname, from the Middle Dutch "mandele", meaning a number of sheaves of harvested wheat.
 The name may refer to:
Dąbrowski (] ; feminine Dąbrowska, plural Dąbrowscy) or Dabrowski is the 11th most common surname in Poland (87,304 people in 2009); this is down from an apparent rank of 4th in 1990.
 "Dąbrowski" is a habitational name derived from the placename 'Dąbrowa' or 'Dąbrówka', which is used for several specific places in Poland or generically as "oak grove", the English meaning for these Polish words.
 Variants of the surname include Dombrowski, Dobrowski, and Dobrosky.
 "Dobrowski" also has an independent origin as a habitational name derived from the placename 'Dobrów'.
 The text-figure below summarizes the relationships among these various words.
 In other Slavic countries, the same surname takes the form Dubrovsky, as the Polish "ą" corresponds to "u" in most other Slavic languages.
