American singer Lady Gaga has released three video albums and has been featured in twenty-eight music videos.
 From her debut album "The Fame" (2008), she released music videos for the singles "Just Dance", "Poker Face", "LoveGame" and "Paparazzi".
 In the latter, she portrays a doomed starlet taking revenge on her lover.
 She reissued her first album as "The Fame Monster" (2009), preceded by a music video for the lead single "Bad Romance", which won a Grammy Award for Best Music Video and seven MTV Video Music Awards, including Video of the Year in 2010.
 The following year, Jonas Åkerlund directed the music video for "Telephone"—a continuation of "Paparazzi"—which was shot as a short film.
 The video received an MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year nomination, and was named the Best Music Video of the Decade by "Billboard" in January 2015.
 For her 2010 video "Alejandro", Gaga received positive review from critics, though she was criticized by the Catholic League that alleged blasphemy.
The MTV Video Music Award for Best Dance Video was first awarded in 1989, and it was one of the original four genre categories that were added to the MTV Video Music Awards that year.
 With a revamp of the awards in 2007, the category was cut out along with several others, yet it returned for the 2008 awards, where it was given a new name: Best Dancing in a Video.
 In 2009 the award for Best Dancing was again eliminated from the VMAs, but it was revived again in 2010 as Best Dance Music Video.
 The following year, though, the award was once again absent from the category list.
 Once again, the award was revived in 2012, this time under the name of Best Electronic Dance Music Video, celebrating the rise in popularity of EDM throughout the year.
 It was again eliminated for the 2013 awards.
 On July 17, 2014, MTV brought the category back, this time renaming it the MTV Clubland Award for the 2014 Awards.
 The pattern of awarding the moonman every other year continued in 2016 where the award was renamed Best Electronic Video.
"First of the Year (Equinox)" is a song by American electronic music producer Skrillex.
 It was released on June 7, 2011 as the lead single from his third EP, "More Monsters and Sprites".
 The song has since become a moderate commercial success, peaking within the charts of the United States, Australia, Canada, Norway and Sweden.
 A music video directed by Tony Truand, produced by HK Corp, premiered on August 10, 2011, and was nominated at the 54th Grammy Awards for Best Short Form Music Video.
 The music video was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Electronic Dance Music Video and it won the award for Best Visual Effects in a Video at 2012 MTV Video Music Awards.
Good Charlotte's songs and albums have received recognition at the MTV Australia Awards, the MTV Europe Music Awards, and the MTV Video Music Awards. "
The Anthem" is the second single from the band's second album "The Young and the Hopeless".
 The song was awarded the "Best Rock Video" award from the MTV Video Music Awards Japan and the "Peoples Choice: Favorite International Group" award from the MuchMusic Video Awards.
 The band itself has received awards including "Fave International Band" at the Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards, "Best International Group" at the NRJ Music Awards, and "Best International Rock Act" at the TMF Awards.
 As of July 2008, Good Charlotte has received eight awards from twenty nominations.
American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift has released four video albums and has appeared in thirty-eight music videos, five films and three television shows.
 From her eponymous debut album (2006), she released music videos for the singles "Tim McGraw", "Teardrops on My Guitar", "Our Song", and "Picture to Burn", all directed by Trey Fanjoy and released from 2006–08.
 For the second of these, she earned an MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist nomination.
 She followed with three other music videos in 2008—"Beautiful Eyes" from her extended play of the same name, "Change" from the "AT&T Team USA Soundtrack" and "Love Story" from her second album "Fearless" (2008).
 The latter was nominated for two awards at the 2009 CMT Music Awards—Video of the Year and Female Video of the Year.
 For the video of "You Belong with Me" she won Best Female Video at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards.
 During her acceptance speech, she was interrupted by rapper Kanye West, which sparked controversy and received much media attention.
The 2017 MTV Video Music Awards were held on August 27, 2017 at The Forum in Inglewood, California, honoring music videos released between June 25, 2016 and June 23, 2017.
 It was hosted by Katy Perry.
 The 34th annual award show aired live from the venue for the second time in its history.
 The music video for Taylor Swift's song "Look What You Made Me Do" premiered during the broadcast.
 Lil Yachty co-hosted the pre-show with Terrence J, Charlamagne Tha God, and MTV News' Gaby Wilson.
 It was broadcast across various Viacom networks and their related apps.
The MTV Video Music Brazil awards (originally Video Music Awards Brazil), more commonly known as VMB, were MTV Brasil's annual award ceremony, established in 1995.
 MTV viewers picked the winners for most categories since 2001.
 Unlike in the MTV Video Music Awards, the most important category at the MTV Video Music Brazil was the Viewer's Choice, not the Video of the Year; both of these categories merged in 2005.
 In 2007, the awards have faced a major rebranding, with several categories extinguished (most notably the specific genre divisions) and even the trophies' design changed; from this year on, the awards were no longer focused on music videos, but on the artists, and the most important category became the Artist of the Year.
 However, the Video of the Year category existed to award the best music video.
The 2015 MTV Video Music Awards were held on August 30, 2015.
 The 32nd installment of the event was held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, California, and hosted by Miley Cyrus.
 Taylor Swift led the nominations with a total of ten, followed by Ed Sheeran, who had six., bringing his total number of mentions to 13.
 Swift's "Wildest Dreams" music video premiered during the pre-show.
 Cyrus also announced and released her studio album "Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz", right after her performance at the end of the show.
 During his acceptance speech, Kanye West announced that he would be running for the 2020 U.S. Presidential Election.
 Taylor Swift won the most awards with four, including Video of the Year and Best Female Video.
 The VMA trophies were redesigned by Jeremy Scott.
The MTV Video Music Award for Best Alternative Video (also known as Best Alternative Music Video) was first given out at the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards.
 Prior to the award being called Best Alternative Video, this award was known as MTV Video Music Award for Best Post-Modern Video in 1989 and 1990.
 The last of this award was given out in 1998 to Green Day for their song "Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)".
 After the award's discontinuation, artists and videos who would have normally been eligible for this award became eligible for other genre categories, including Best Rock Video.
American singer Kelly Clarkson has released two video albums and has appeared in thirty-seven music videos.
 In 2002, she made her debut music video appearance for the video "Before Your Love", which was immediately released after winning the premiere season of the television series competition "American Idol".
 A accompanying video for "Before Your Love"'s companion single "A Moment Like This" was also issued later that year.
 From her debut album "Thankful" (2003), Clarkson released music videos for the singles "Miss Independent", "Low", and "The Trouble with Love Is", the foremost of which earned her three MTV Video Music Award nominations, including Best New Artist in a Video.
 "Thankful" was immediately followed by the release of Clarkson's debut video album "Miss Independent" that same year.
 In 2004, a music video for her single "Breakaway" was released to promote the Disney feature film "".
 Clarkson's sophomore studio album "Breakaway" (2004) issued accompanying music videos for its singles "Since U Been Gone", "Behind These Hazel Eyes", "Because of You", "Walk Away", and an additional live video for "Breakaway".
 The videos for "Since U Been Gone" and "Because of You" earned a total of three MTV Video Music Awards and a MuchMusic Video Award.
 Clarkson's second video album "Behind Hazel Eyes" was released in 2005 as a companion piece to "Breakaway".
