Dungeons & Dragons Immortals Rules, written by Frank Mentzer, is a boxed set for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game first published by TSR in 1986 as an expansion to the "Basic Set".
The Keep on the Borderlands is a "Dungeons & Dragons" module by Gary Gygax, first printed in December 1979.
 In it, player characters are based at a keep and investigate a nearby series of caves that are filled with a variety of monsters.
 It was designed to be used with the "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set", and was included in the 1979–1982 editions of the "Basic Set".
 It was designed for people new to "Dungeons & Dragons".
In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the lamia is a type of fictional monster.
 The lamia is typically portrayed in the game as a creature with the lower body of a lion, and the upper torso, arms, and head of a human female.
 A less common type of lamia, the lamia noble, was depicted as having the lower body of a serpent.
 The lamia was introduced in the first edition "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" game's original "Monster Manual" sourcebook, written by Gary Gygax and published in 1977.
 The lamia also appeared in second edition and third edition "Dungeons & Dragons".
 In the fourth edition, it was reenvisaged as a swarm of insects.
 The fifth edition disregards this and returns it to its classic design.
The New Easy-to-Master Dungeons & Dragons Game is an introductory set for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published by TSR, Inc. in 1991.
 It was a replacement for the previous "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set", serving to introduce new players to the game, using the rule set previously established.
GURPS Basic Set is a hard-bound two volume set written by Steve Jackson, Sean M. Punch, and David L. Pulver.
 The first edition "GURPS Basic Set" was published in 1986.
The Dungeons & Dragons Companion Set is an expansion boxed set for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game.
 It was first published in 1984 as an expansion to the "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set".
The Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set is a set of rulebooks for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game.
 First published in 1977, it saw a handful of revisions and reprintings.
 The first edition was written by J. Eric Holmes based on Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson's original work.
 Later editions were edited by Tom Moldvay, Dave Cook, and Frank Mentzer.
The Lost City (B4) is a "Dungeons & Dragons" adventure module by Tom Moldvay.
 It was first published by TSR in 1982 and was designed as a stand-alone adventure for use with the "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set".
 The working title for the module was "The Lost City of Cynidecia".
 Moldvay designed the module to give novice Dungeon Masters experience fleshing out adventures and is only partially complete.
 The module is described as a low-level scenario, in which the only hope of the player characters' survival can be found in a ruined city slowly rising out of the sands.
 The adventure is set inside a huge step pyramid, with the lower pyramid only sketched out and the city itself described with a list of the major areas and a map.
 The adventure’s main villain is Zargon, a giant one-eyed monster and his minions.
 The entire double pyramid, not including the city, contains over 100 rooms.
Dungeons & Dragons Master Rules is an expansion boxed set for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game.
 It was first published in 1985 as an expansion to the "Basic Set".
The Dungeons & Dragons Basic Game is an introductory version of "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") role-playing game packaged in the form of a board game.
 The original game was released in 2004 by Wizards of the Coast and was designed by Jonathan Tweet, one of the "D&D" 3rd edition designers.
 A new version of this game was released in September 2006.
