HMS "Hannibal" was a "Majestic"-class pre-dreadnought battleship built for the Royal Navy, and the sixth ship to bear the name HMS "Hannibal".
 The ship was laid down at the Pembroke Dock in May 1894, she was launched in April 1896, and commissioned into the fleet in April 1898.
 She was armed with a main battery of four 12 in guns and a secondary battery of twelve 6 in guns.
 The ship had a top speed of 16 kn .
In January, 1938 the Ceylon Naval Volunteer Force(CNVF) was created with Commander W.G. Beauchamp as Commanding Officer.
 On 31 August 1939, the CNVF was mobilized for war duties.
 Three years later, the CNVF was offered to, and accepted by the Royal Navy (RN) as a Volunteer Reserve, the "Ceylon Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve", or CRNVR.
 It continued under RN operational and administrative command until March 1946.
 With the end of the war, it reverted to Ceylon Government Control, though yet CRNVR in name.
 In the 1939-1946 period, the CRNVR carried out several operational duties, mainly at sea.
 Cutting its teeth on the Port Commission Tugs SAMSON and GOLIATH, it later manned and operated trawlers and Antarctic whalers converted as Minesweepers and fitted out with guns, submarine detection equipment and anti-submarine weaponry.
 They were the HMS Overdale Wyke (the first ship to be purchased by the Government of Ceylon), HMS Okapi, HMS Semla, HMS Sambhur, HMS Hoxa, HMS Balta and HM Tugs Barnet and C 405.
 In addition the CRNVR manned several Motor Fishing Vessels (MFV), Harbour Defence Motor Launch (HDML) and miscellaneous auxiliary vessels.
 All were manned exclusively by CRNVR personnel.
 These ships were meant to sweep and guard the approaches the harbors but were often used on extended missions outside Ceylon waters.
 In the course of these operations, the ships came under enemy fire, recovered essential information from Japanese aircraft that were shot down, sailed to Akyab after the Burma front was opened in two FMVs for harbour duties and, was called upon to accept the surrender of the Italian Light Cruiser Eritrea and escort her to port with a prize crew on board.
The Capture of the Vigilant involved Commodore Warren in HMS Superb (60 guns), Captain Durell in HMS Eltham (40 guns), Captain Calmady in HMS Launceston, Captain Douglas in HMS Mermaid and Captain John Rous of HMS Shirley Galley who fought the French ship Vigilant (64 guns) off Louisbourg.
 Captain Douglas in the Mermaid (40 guns) engaged the French ship Vigilant.
 John Rous in the Shirley Galley was the first to fire, giving the ship several broadsides into the stern.
 Captain Durell was next to give a broadside.
 The Commodore got alongside the ship they fired briskly, tearing the rigging and sails to pieces.
 Fog settled in and the Vigilant got away.
 In the morning, the Vigilant was visible and clearly wrecked.
 They took 100 French sailors prisoner to Boston.
HSwMS "Gustav V" was a "Sverige"-class coastal defence ship of the Swedish Navy.
 The vessel was the third and last ship in the Sverige class along with HMS Sverige and HMS Drottning Victoria.
 Gustav V was launched on September 15, 1917 at Kockums in Malmö and delivered to the Navy on January 9, 1922.
 The design consisted of four 28 cm cannons and a secondary armament of eight 15.2 cm cannons.
 During the interwar period, the ship underwent several modernizations and was one of the most powerful vessels in the fleet during the Second World War.
 The ship was put in reserve in 1948, was decommissioned in 1957 and was later sold for scrapping in Karlskrona.
 However, the ship remained at Berga Academy of War as of 1968.
 Two of the ship's 15.2 cm guns are preserved in the battery at Häggmansberget in the defensive Kalix Line, around Kalix.
HMS "James Watt" was a 91-gun steam and sail-powered second rate ship of the line.
 She had originally been ordered as one of a two ship class, with her sister HMS "Cressy" , under the name HMS "Audacious".
 She was renamed on 18 November 1847 in honour of James Watt, the inventor of the steam engine.
 She was the only Royal Navy ship to bear this name.
 Both ships were reordered as screw propelled ships, "James Watt" in 1849, and "Cressy" in 1852.
 "James Watt" became one of the four-ship "Agamemnon"-class of ships of the line.
 They were initially planned as 80-gun ships, but the first two ships built to the design, HMS "Agamemnon" and "James Watt", were rerated on 26 March 1851 to 91 guns ships, later followed by the remainder of the class.
In August 1914 a consignment of Vickers machine guns are stolen off a Royal Navy ship, HMS "Marlin".
 An RN Lieutenant aboard the ship goes undercover as a white hunter through British East Africa to find the weapons before they get into the hands of the Germans and alter the balance of power in Africa.
HMS "Benbow" was the third of four "Iron Duke"-class battleship s of the Royal Navy, the third ship to be named in honour of Admiral John Benbow.
 Ordered in the 1911 building programme, the ship was laid down at the William Beardmore and Company shipyard in May 1912, was launched in November 1913, and was completed in October 1914, shortly after the outbreak of the First World War.
 The four "Iron Duke"s were very similar to the preceding "King George V" class , with an improved secondary battery.
 She was armed with a main battery of ten 13.5 in guns and twelve 6 in secondary guns.
 The ship was capable of a top speed of 21.25 kn , and had a 12 in thick armoured belt.
HMS "Valiant" was the second ship of the "Hector"-class armoured frigates ordered by the Royal Navy in 1861.
 Her builders went bankrupt shortly after she was laid down, which significantly delayed her completion.
 After being launched in 1863, she waited a further five years to receive her guns due to supply issues.
 Upon being commissioned in 1868 the ship was assigned as the First Reserve guard ship for Southern Ireland, where she remained until she was decommissioned in 1885.
 "Valiant" was hulked in 1897 as part of the stoker training school HMS "Indus" before becoming a storeship for kite balloons during the First World War.
 The ship was converted to a floating oil tank in 1926 and served in that role until sold for scrap in 1956.
HMS "Unicorn" was a 28-gun "Lyme"-class sixth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy.
 She was originally ordered as a 24-gun ship to the draft of the French privateer "Tyger".
 The third vessel of the Royal Navy to bear the name, "Unicorn", as well as HMS "Lyme" which was a near-sister, were the first true frigates built for the Royal Navy.
 They were actually completed with 28 guns including the four smaller weapons on the quarterdeck, but the latter were not included in the ship's official establishment until 22 September 1756.
 The two ships differed in detail, "Unicorn" having a beakhead bow, a unicorn figurehead , two-light quarter galleries and only five pairs of quarterdeck gunports, while "Lyme" had a round bow, a lion figurehead, three-light quarter galleries and six pairs of quarterdeck gunports.
HMS "Lowestoffe" was a 28-gun "Lowestoffe"-class sixth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy.
 Named after the UK's most easterly port of Lowestoft in Suffolk the ship was designed by Sir Thomas Slade based on the earlier "Lyme" of 1748, "with such alterations as may tend to the better stowing of men and carrying for guns."
 The design provided for a 24-gun ship (from 22 September 1756 this was raised to 28 guns by including the 3 pounders on the quarterdeck in the count) of 583 tons, but on completion the ship measured some 11 tons more.
