Teen Kanya is a 1961 Indian Bengali anthology film directed by Satyajit Ray, and based upon short stories by Rabindranath Tagore.
 The title means "Three Girls", and the film's original Indian release contained three stories.
 However, the international release of the film contained only two stories, missing out the second ("Monihara: The Lost Jewels").
 This version was released on VHS in 1997 under the title "Two Daughters".
 However, there are now DVD versions available that contain all three films.
 The Academy Film Archive preserved the international version of "Teen Kanya" in 1996.
Vampires vs. Zombies is an independent horror film loosely based upon J. Sheridan Le Fanu's classic 1872 novel "Carmilla".
 Unlike Le Fanu's story, however, most of the action in the film takes place inside a car.
 The title and the cover were obviously inspired by the horror film "Freddy vs. Jason", it's unclear if it was intended as a mockbuster of that film or not.
The Adjustment Bureau is a 2011 American science fiction thriller film loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story, "Adjustment Team".
 The film was written and directed by George Nolfi, produced by Chris Moore and stars Matt Damon and Emily Blunt.
 The cast also includes Anthony Mackie, John Slattery, Michael Kelly, and Terence Stamp.
 The film tells the story of a young man who discovers that what appear to be chance events in his life are controlled by a technologically advanced intelligence network.
 After an event not planned by these controllers occurs – a romantic encounter with a young dancer – he struggles against their manipulation despite their promise of a great future for him.
Gariyoshi (গৰীয়সী) is an Assamese language monthly literary magazine published by the Sahitya-Prakash, Tribune Building, Guwahati.
 It was founded by Chandra Prasad Saikia, who was also the first editor.
 The magazine is published monthly.
 Current editor Dr. Lakshmi Nandan Bora assumed the post in April 2009.
 Bora was preceded by Harekrishna Deka.
 "Goriyoshi" is instrumental in nurturing and projecting several talented short story writers and poets including Dhanada Debi, Jayanta Kumar Chakraborty, Arnab Jan Deka, Manikuntala Bhattacharya, Birinchi Kumar Rabha, Jiban Narah, Neelim Kumar and others.
 The magazine also collaborated with Katha International Short Story Festival in 2004 in creating All-India Katha-Goriyoshi Awards for best Assamese short stories.
 Dhrubajyoti Sarma, Arnab Jan Deka and Ratna Bharali Talukdar had been the recipients of those awards, whose short stories had been translated into English and read over in presence of an international galaxy of story writers and literary critics at Katha International Short Story Festival 2004.
"The Last Question" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov.
 It first appeared in the November 1956 issue of "Science Fiction Quarterly" and was anthologized in the collections "Nine Tomorrows" (1959), "The Best of Isaac Asimov" (1973), "Robot Dreams" (1986), the retrospective "Opus 100" (1969), and in "Isaac Asimov: The Complete Stories, Vol.
 1" (1990).
 It was Asimov's favorite short story of his own authorship, and is one of a loosely connected series of stories concerning a fictional computer called Multivac.
 The story overlaps science fiction, theology, and philosophy.
Calling You (Japanese: きみにしか聞こえない , Hepburn: Kimi ni Shika Kikoenai ) is a Japanese fictional short story collection written by Otsuichi and published on May 31, 2001 by Kadokawa Shoten.
 All three stories in "Calling You" are stories focused on unusual friendships with a supernatural twist.
 In December 2003, a manga adaptation written and illustrated by Setsuri Tsuzuki was published by Kadokawa.
 The "Calling You" manga only includes the first two stories of the novel, and makes some changes to both of those stories.
 Both the novel and manga adaptations were given an English language release in North America by Tokyopop.
No Smoking is a 2007 Indian neo-noir psychological thriller film written and directed by Anurag Kashyap and co-produced by Vishal Bhardwaj and Kumar Mangat.
 The film stars John Abraham, Ayesha Takia, Ranvir Shorey and Paresh Rawal in the lead roles, while Bipasha Basu appears in an Item number.
 The film is loosely based upon the short story "Quitters, Inc." by Stephen King, which was previously adapted as one of three segments featured in Hollywood anthology film, "Cat's Eye" (1985).
 It became the first Indian film to be adapted from a Stephen King short story.
 The story follows K (Abraham) a self-obsessed, narcissist chain smoker who agrees to kick his habit to save his marriage and visits a rehabilitation centre, but is caught in a labyrinth game by Baba Bengali (Rawal), the man who guarantees he will make him quit.
"Time Pussy" is an early science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov.
 It was the third of three stories Asimov wrote for John W. Campbell for a new category of science fiction tall tales in "Astounding Science Fiction" called "Probability Zero".
 Campbell rejected the first two stories, "Big Game" and "First Law", since they were not what he was looking for, but he accepted "Time Pussy", albeit unenthusiastically.
 Campbell also wanted to run the story under a pseudonym, since he wanted to encourage new writers to write "Probability Zero" stories.
 Asimov agreed, and chose the name George E. Dale at random.
 The story appeared pseudonymously in the April 1942 issue of "Astounding" and was reprinted under Asimov's name in the 1972 collection "The Early Asimov".
Cat's Eye (also known as "Stephen King's Cat's Eye") is a 1985 American anthology horror film directed by Lewis Teague and written by Stephen King.
 It comprises three stories, "Quitters, Inc.", "The Ledge", and "General".
 The first two are adaptations of short stories in King's "Night Shift" collection, and the third is unique to the film.
 The three stories are connected only by the presence of a traveling cat, which plays an incidental role in the first two and is a major character of the third.
The 3 Worlds of Gulliver is a 1960 Eastman Color Columbia Pictures fantasy film loosely based upon the 18th-century Irish novel "Gulliver's Travels" by Jonathan Swift.
 The film stars Kerwin Mathews as the title character, June Thorburn as his fiancée Elizabeth, and child actor Sherry Alberoni as Glumdalclitch.
