Gouania is a genus of flowering plants in the buckthorn family, Rhamnaceae.
 The 50 to 70 species it contains are native to tropical and subtropical regions of the world, including Africa, Madagascar, the Indian Ocean islands, southern Asia, the Americas and Hawaii.
 They are shrubs or lianas.
 A revision of the species in Madagascar and the other western Indian Ocean islands is in preparation, where the genus has an important centre of diversity.
 The work will recognise several new species.
Codiaeum variegatum (garden croton or variegated croton; syn.
 "Croton variegatum" L.) is a species of plant in the genus "Codiaeum", which is a member of the family Euphorbiaceae.
 It is native to Indonesia, Malaysia, Australia, and the western Pacific Ocean islands, growing in open forests and scrub.
 It is an evergreen shrub growing to 3 m tall and has large, thick, leathery, shiny evergreen leaves, alternately arranged, 5–30 cm long and 0.5–8 cm broad.
 The inflorescences are long racemes 8–30 cm long, with male and female flowers on separate inflorescences; the male flowers are white with five small petals and 20–30 stamens, the female flowers yellowish, with no petals.
 The fruit is a capsule 9 mm diameter, containing three 6 mm seeds.
 The stems contain milky sap that bleeds from cut stems.
Novaculichthys taeniourus (rockmover, dragon, or reindeer wrasse) is a species of wrasse mainly found in coral reefs and lagoons in the Indo-Pacific region.
 These include habitats in the Gulf of California to Panama; tropical Pacific Ocean islands including Hawaii; the Philippines, Indonesia and Australia; and the Indian Ocean to the east coast of Africa.
 The common name, "rockmover wrasse", comes from their behavior of upending small stones and reef fragments in search of prey.
 This species is the only known member of its genus.
The genus Pritchardia (Family Arecaceae) consists of between 24-40 species of fan palms (tribe Corypheae) found on tropical Pacific Ocean islands in Fiji, Samoa, Tonga, Tuamotus, and most diversely in Hawaii.
 The generic name honors William Thomas Pritchard (1829-1907), a British consul at Fiji.
The Pacific Ocean theater, during World War II, was a major theater of the war between the Allies and Japan.
 It was defined by the Allied powers' Pacific Ocean Area command, which included most of the Pacific Ocean and its islands, while mainland Asia was excluded, as were the Philippines, the Dutch East Indies, Borneo, Australia, most of the Territory of New Guinea and the western part of the Solomon Islands.
Cyrtomium is a genus of about 15-20 species of ferns in the family Dryopteridaceae, native to Asia, Africa (including Madagascar), and the Pacific Ocean islands (Hawaii).
 It is very closely related to the genus "Polystichum", with recent research suggesting it should be included within it (Little & Barrington).
Anatahan is an island in the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean, and has one of the most active volcanoes of the archipelago.
 Formerly inhabited, the island currently does not have any population due to the always-present danger of volcanic eruptions.
 Anatahan is located 60 km northwest of Farallon de Medinilla and 120 km north of Saipan.
Medinilla is a genus of about 193 species of flowering plants in the family Melastomataceae, native to tropical regions of the Old World from Africa (two species) east through Madagascar (about 70 species) and southern Asia to the western Pacific Ocean islands.
 The genus was named after J. de Medinilla, governor of the Mariana Islands in 1820.
Partula is a genus of air-breathing tropical land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Partulidae.
 Many species of "Partula" are known under the general common names "Polynesian tree snail" and "Moorean viviparous tree snail".
 Partulids are distributed across 5000 sqmi of Pacific Ocean islands, from the Society Islands to New Guinea.
Pterocarpus indicus (commonly known as Amboyna wood, Malay padauk, Papua New Guinea rosewood, Philippine mahogany, Andaman redwood, Burmese rosewood, narra or Pashu padauk) is a species of "Pterocarpus" native to southeastern Asia, northern Australasia, and the western Pacific Ocean islands, in Cambodia, southernmost China, East Timor, Indonesia, Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, the Ryukyu Islands, the Solomon Islands, Thailand, and Vietnam.
