Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
Franz Gabriel Alexander, in Hungarian "Alexander Ferenc Gábor", was born in Budapest in 1891, his father was Bernhard Alexander, a philosopher and literary critic, his nephew was Alfréd Rényi, a Hungarian mathematician who made contributions in combinatorics, graph theory, number theory but mostly in probability theory.
 Alexander studied in Berlin; there he was part of an influential group of German analysts mentored by Karl Abraham, including Karen Horney and Helene Deutsch, and gathered around the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute.
 'In the early 1920s, Oliver Freud was in analysis with Franz Alexander' there — Sigmund Freud's son — while 'Charles Odier, one of the first among French psychoanalysts, was analysed in Berlin by Franz Alexander' as well.
Frederick Douglas Alexander (February 21, 1910 – April 13, 1980) was a politician from North Carolina and the first African American to serve on the Charlotte City Council.
 Alexander was born in Charlotte, NC and was the son of Zechariah Alexander, a prominent African-American businessman and district manager of the North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company and owner of the Alexander Funeral Home.
 Kelly Alexander, who eventually became a national leader for the NAACP, was Frederick's brother.
 Alexander graduated from Charlotte's Second Ward High School in 1926.
 He attended college at Lincoln University of Pennsylvania.
 Upon his graduation in 1931 he returned to Charlotte to work at his father's funeral home.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
Peter Morris Green (born 22 December 1924) is a British classical scholar and novelist noted for his works on the Greco-Persian Wars, Alexander the Great and the Hellenistic Age of ancient history, generally regarded as spanning the era from the death of Alexander in 323 BC up to either the date of the Battle of Actium or the death of Augustus in 14 AD.
 Green's most famous books are "Alexander of Macedon," a historical biography first issued in 1970, then in a revised and expanded edition in 1974, which was first published in the United States in 1991; his "Alexander to Actium", a general account of the Hellenistic Age, and other works.
Igor Fyodorovich "Yegor" Letov (Russian: И́горь Фёдорович (Его́р) Ле́тов ] ; 10 September 1964 – 19 February 2008) was a Russian poet, musician, singer-songwriter, audio engineer and conceptual art painter, best known as the founder and leader of the post-punk/psychedelic rock band Grazhdanskaya Oborona (Civil Defense).
 He was also the founder of a conceptual art avant-garde project Kommunizm and psychedelic rock outfit Egor i Opizdenevshie.
 Letov is a younger brother of famous free jazz saxophonist Sergey Letov.
 He also collaborated with singer-songwriter Yanka Dyagileva and some other Siberian underground artists as a record engineer and producer.
Alina Simone (born Alina Vilenkin) is an American musician and writer.
 She is best known for her original songwriting, her album of cover songs by Russian punk poet Yanka Dyagileva, and her collection of autobiographical essays "You Must Go And Win".
 She also blogs for The New York Times.
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
Yana "Yanka" Stanislavovna Dyagileva (Russian: Яна Станиславовна Дягилева ; 4 September 1966 –  9 May 1991) was a Russian poet and singer-songwriter and one of the most popular figures of her time in Russia's underground punk scene.
 She both played solo and performed with others, including Yegor Letov and bands Grazhdanskaya Oborona and Velikiye Oktyabri ("Great Octobers").
 Dyagileva was greatly influenced by Letov and Alexander Bashlachev, who were her friends.
 Her songs explored themes of desperation and depression, punk-style nihilism, and folk-like lamentations.
