Hello, Blue Roses is a Canadian musical collaboration involving Dan Bejar (of Destroyer and The New Pornographers) and his girlfriend, Sydney Hermant, a visual artist from Vancouver.
Makoto Koshinaka (越中睦 / 越中睦士 or Makoto, born July 15, 1980 in Moto Azabu, Tokyo) is a Japanese singer, songwriter, actor and model, activating both in Japan and in Thailand, starting with the year 1999.
 His musical career covers various musical styles (from pop rock, folk rock, solo – as Makoto, and with the visual kei bands Λucifer and †яi￠к, under the agencies Unlimited Records, BM Factory, Crown Records, T.N.B and, currently, SCSC Records) and his acting career covers roles in stage plays, TV dramas and feature movies.
Notorious Lightning and Other Works is an EP by Destroyer, released on January 25, 2005 on Merge Records.
 After shocking many fans by supporting the synth driven album "Your Blues" with the avant-guitar band Frog Eyes, Dan Bejar decided to put to tape some of the very different versions of songs from "Your Blues".
 Similar versions of these songs are currently streaming from CBC Radio Three.
Ideas for Songs is a cassette by Destroyer, released in 1997.
 The tape was a result of Dan Bejar being asked to contribute a song under the Destroyer moniker for a various artists compilation being curated at the time.
 As a response he submitted a cassette with 20 songs for them to choose from.
 The original 20 songs was pared down to 16 and then pressed as "Ideas For Songs" by Granted Passage Cassettes.
Dan the Younger (executed in April 1460) was a pretender to the throne of Wallachia from 1456 to 1460.
 He was the son of Dan II of Wallachia who died fighting for the throne in 1431.
 After Dan's brother, Vladislav II of Wallachia, was murdered by their cousin, Vlad Dracula, in 1456, Dan settled in Brașov.
 Besides Dan, Vlad Dracula's half-brother, Vlad the Monk, and Dan's half-brother, Basarab Laiotă, laid claim to Wallachia against Dracula.
 Dan tried to seize Wallachia with the support of the burghers of the town, but he was defeated and captured in a battle near Rucăr.
 He was forced to dig his own grave before being beheaded.
Frog Eyes is an indie rock band from Victoria, British Columbia, Canada fronted by Carey Mercer.
 Their 2010 album was a longlisted nominee for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize.
 They have released eight albums and two EPs and are noted for their collaboration with Dan Bejar of Destroyer.
Destroyer is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver, British Columbia fronted by singer-songwriter Dan Bejar and formed in 1995.
 Destroyer songs are characterized by abstract, poetic lyrics and idiosyncratic vocals.
 The band's discography draws on a variety of musical influences, resulting in albums that can sound markedly distinct from one another; in Bejar's words, "That's kind of my goal: to start from scratch every time."
Whiteout Conditions is the seventh studio album by Canadian indie rock band The New Pornographers.
 It was released on April 7, 2017, and is the first album not to feature either longtime drummer Kurt Dahle or singer-songwriter Dan Bejar.
Makoto Terada (寺田 誠 , Terada Makoto , born August 8, 1944) , better known by his stage name of Mugihito (麦人 ) , is a Japanese voice and stage actor from Musashino, Tokyo.
 He is employed by Media Force.
 Mugihito was formerly credited under his birth name and also Mugihito Amachi (天地 麦人 , Amachi Mugihito ) .
 He is the younger brother of Michie Terada.
Mass Romantic is the debut album by Canadian indie rock supergroup The New Pornographers.
 Produced by David Carswell and band bassist John Collins, it was released on Mint Records on November 28, 2000.
 The album was three years in the making, with musicians A.C. Newman and Dan Bejar writing songs as early as 1998.
 With encouragement from peers, they recorded an album with other Canadian musicians from groups including The Evaporators, Zumpano, and Destroyer.
