An Integrated Service Provider (ISP) is a for-hire firm that performs a variety of logistics service activities such as warehousing, transportation, and other functional activities that constitute a total service package.
 In addition, other categories of spend may fall under the ISP's scope such as maintenance, repair, and operations (MRO) services.
 Firms that provide such services typically have a good understanding of their customers needs and are responsible for executing services in accordance with contract documents.
 Normally the scope of work (SOW) and the ISP contract are finalized only after an extensive due diligence period.
Daulia Ltd v Four Millbank Nominees Ltd [1977] EWCA Civ 5 is an English contract law case, concerning unilateral contracts, and when embarking on the performance of an act for which an offer is open, at what point the offer may be withdrawn.
 In particular, Goff LJ observed that there would be a duty to not prevent full performance of terms in a unilateral offer, once performance had begun.
Tang Jun () is the President of Gaotime Information Co. Ltd, a consulting service solutions provider for both financial institutions and large companies within China.
Rock Nominees Ltd was part of the business empire of Lord Ashcroft, a Tory peer who has been criticised for offshore tax avoidance.
 It is a company which holds shares on behalf of other companies.
 It had 201,300 shares for Gambier Holdings Inc. (a British Virgin Islands company) and 65,000 shares for Kiwi Ltd. (a Belize company) invested in RCO (Holdings) plc.
 Its stake made up 2.48%.
 RCO itself was in the cleaning, catering and security porterage business.
 In 2000 a company called ISS (UK) Ltd took over RCO, acquiring 96.4% of the shares.
 It made one of RCO's subsidiaries transfer its shares to one of ISS's subsidiaries for £30,117,784.
 Rock Nominee's filed for a petition of unfair prejudice on the grounds that this was a transaction at an undervalue.
 It did not reflect the value to the purchaser of the synergies arising from the sale or the value of avoiding risk from a sale on the open market.
B2X GmbH is a business process outsourcing company.
 B2X gives customer service solutions for manufacturers of smartphones and other electronic devices, insurance providers, mobile network operators and retailers.
 The services are based on a technology platform called SMARTCARE Technology.
 Although its headquarters are located in Munich, Germany, the company works in more than 130 countries through a network of over 400 service partners and 2,000 service locations.
ISS A/S (Integrated Service Solutions) is a Facility Services company founded in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1901.
 ISS services include: cleaning services, support services, property services, catering services, security services and facility management services.
 The ISS Group’s revenue amounted to DKK 79.1 billion in 2016 and ISS has nearly 500,000 employees and activities in approximately 75 countries across Europe, Asia, North America, Latin America and Pacific.
 More than half of ISS' employees are based in emerging markets.
Federal Telecommunications System 2000 (FTS2000) is a long distance telecommunications service for the United States federal government, including services such as switched voice service for voice or data up to 4.8 kbit/s, switched data at 56 kbit/s and 64 kbit/s, switched digital integrated service for voice, data, image, and video up to 1.544 Mbit/s, packet switched service for data in packet form, video transmission for both compressed and wideband video, and dedicated point-to-point private line for voice and data.
Integrated Broadband Services (IBBS) provides fully integrated, cloud-based data and voice solutions to broadband providers in the United States, Canada, Latin America, the Caribbean, and Brazil.
 Serving over 250 broadband providers that support more than 1.5 million modems worldwide, IBBS provides both residential broadband services and commercial service solutions to broadband operators.
 IBBS also provides services in provisioning, diagnostics, engineering, development, network management, VoIP and technical support services.
Downsview Nominees Ltd v First City Corp Ltd [1992] UKPC 34 is a New Zealand insolvency law case decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council concerning the nature and extent of the liability of a mortgagee, or a receiver and manager, to a mortgagor or a subsequent debenture holder for his actions.
ADB is a company which provides and integrates software, system and service solutions to service providers and Pay-TV operator delivering connected services for connected lives.
