Oxford is the Canadian arm of Pendaflex, and makes organizational filing solutions.
 It is owned by Esselte.
Vritti i-Media, founded in the year 2005, is the media business arm of Vritti Solutions Limited, a Pune based software solutions company offering IT and IT enabled services for businesses.
 Vritti i-Media says it "specializes in developing award winning digital technology enabled media delivery solutions that help companies market and advertise their products and services to the Tier-2, Tier 3 and Rural markets cost effectively".
Kelly Services, Inc. (formerly Russell Kelly Office Service and Kelly Girl Service, Inc.) is an American office staffing and workforce solutions company that operates globally.
 The company places employees at all levels in various sectors including the financial services, information technology, and law industries.
 It also offers professional services, including human resource and management consulting, outsourcing, recruitment, career transition, and vendor management services.
 Kelly Services was founded by William Russell Kelly in 1946 and is headquartered in Troy, Michigan.
 In 2015, the company reported 8,100 employees, $5.5 billion in revenue, and placed 550,000 employees to work in positions in various sectors, making it one of the world's largest staffing firms.
Telcobuy.com (commonly known as Telcobuy) is a technology and supply chain solutions company founded by David Steward and Jim Kavanaugh in 1999.
 Telcobuy provides technology and supply chain solutions.
 The company mitigates and manages security risks for large public and private organizations, enterprise networking solutions for the data center, and is a reseller of information technology.
Pendaflex is an office organization solutions company headquartered in Melville, NY, USA.
Hudson Global Inc. (HSON) is a global talent solutions company headquartered in New York, NY.
 The company’s core service offerings include Permanent Recruitment, Temporary Contracting, Recruitment Process Outsourcing ("RPO") and Talent Management Solutions.
World Accord is an international charity based in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
 It was formed in 1980 as the Canadian arm of Outreach International, a charity loosely affiliated with Community of Christ.
 Officially named World Accord - International Development Agency, the organization diverged from its Outreach International roots to chart an independent course that reflected the differing interests of its Canadian supporters, the unique funding opportunities presented by the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA), and a development philosophy shaped by long term program partners in Central America and Asia.
HCL Infosystems Limited is an India-based distribution and information technology (IT) services and solutions company.
 The Company operates through the segments, including Hardware Products and Solutions, Services, Distribution and Learning.
 The Company's product portfolio includes IT and System Integration services, digitally enabled Learning and Career Development solutions, and Distribution of technology and mobility products.
 The Company's Distribution business includes Consumer Distribution and Enterprise Distribution.
 The Company's Services business includes Enterprise Services and Consumer Services.
 The Company's services include data centre services, security services, cloud services and network services, among others.
 The Company's solutions include System Integration services, National identity and authentication services, Infrastructure solutions and services, and Financial Inclusion.
 The Company's HCL Learning offers DigiSchool, MyEduWorld and Career Development Centers.
Hills Limited (Hills) is a publicly listed technology solutions company (ASX: HIL) with branches across Australia and NEW Zealand.
 focused on delivering products that connect, entertain and secure people’s lives.
 Hills is the evolution of Hills Hoist Ltd, the company founded by Lance Hills and Harold Ling in 1948 to manufacturer the Hills Hoist clothesline.
 Today Hills is a value-added distributor of technology products and services including security and surveillance solutions, audio visual, IT, communications and health solutions.
Acropetal Technologies is a mid-sized business technology Solutions Company headquartered in Bangalore, India.
 The company operates as a provider of on-demand technology solutions across various sectors including Education, Manufacturing, Consumer Goods, Retail, Health Care.
 The company has offices in 4 geographies namely Asia Pac, North America, Europe and Middle East.
