Antoine Vézina is a Québécois actor.
 A 2000 alum of the Université du Québec à Montréal with a bachelor's degree in theater, Vézina has a strong improvisational theater background, having performed in the Quebec improvisational leagues the Ligue universitaire d'improvisation (LUI, league of Université Laval), the Ligue d'improvisation centrale de l'UQAM (LicUQAM, league of the Université du Québec à Montréal), the Cravates, the Ligue d'improvisation Globale, the Limonade, the Ligue d'improvisation montréalaise (LIM) and the reputed Ligue nationale d'improvisation (LNI).
 He is also a member of the improvisational troupe Cinplass.
Mark Levenson, a member of the Dramatists Guild of America, is a musical director for The Second City Detroit (located in Novi, Michigan).
 Levenson helped open Second City Detroit in 1993.
 In addition to his work with The Second City Detroit, Levenson scored the hit Comedy Central series, Strangers with Candy.
 He has also written music for shows on MTV, VH-1, NBC and scored productions at both Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
 Levenson composed music for David Sedaris's two Off Broadway shows and numerous recording projects.
 He recently toured the country with Stephen Colbert, Amy Sedaris and Paul Dinello in their production of Wigfield, which concluded its run at the U.S. Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen, Colorado.
Wigfield: The Can Do Town That Just May Not is a satirical novel by comedians Amy Sedaris, Paul Dinello, and Stephen Colbert, three of the four creators of the Comedy Central show "Strangers with Candy".
 It was first published on May 7, 2003 by Hyperion Books.
Exit 57 is a 30-minute sketch comedy series that aired on the American television channel Comedy Central from 1995 to 1996; its cast was composed of comedians Amy Sedaris, Paul Dinello, Stephen Colbert, Jodi Lennon, and Mitch Rouse, all of whom had previously studied improv at The Second City in Chicago.
 In 1999 Sedaris, Dinello, Colbert and Rouse would also create the Comedy Central show "Strangers with Candy".
Mike Nichols (born Mikhail Igor Peschkowsky; November 6, 1931 – November 19, 2014) was an American film and theatre director, producer, actor and comedian.
 He was noted for his ability to work across a range of genres and an aptitude for getting the best out of actors regardless of their acting experience.
 Nichols began his career in the 1950s with the comedy improvisational troupe, The Compass Players, predecessor of The Second City, in Chicago.
 He then teamed up with his improv partner, Elaine May, to form the comedy duo Nichols and May.
 Their live improv acts were a hit on Broadway resulting in three albums, with their debut album winning a Grammy Award.
Strangers with Candy is a 2005 comedy film directed by Paul Dinello, written by Dinello, Stephen Colbert, Amy Sedaris, and Mitch Rouse, and serves as a prequel to their 1999-2000 Comedy Central television series of the same name.
 Colbert co-produced the film alongside executive producer David Letterman.
 The film grossed $2.3 million.
At Home with Amy Sedaris is an American television series that premieres October 24, 2017 on truTV.
 Hosted by Amy Sedaris playing various characters, the show focuses on the comedian's love of crafts.
Paul Dinello (born November 28, 1962) is an American comedian, actor, writer, director, and producer.
 He is best known for his role as Geoffrey Jellineck on Comedy Central's "Strangers with Candy".
 Currently he is a writer and supervising producer for "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert", where he has made several on-camera appearances.
"BoJack Horseman" is an American animated sitcom created by Raphael Bob-Waksberg.
 The series stars Will Arnett as the eponymous character, BoJack Horseman, the washed-up star of the 1990s sitcom "Horsin' Around", who plans his big return to celebrity relevance with a tell-all autobiography that he dictates to his ghostwriter Diane Nguyen (Alison Brie).
 BoJack also has to contend with the demands of his agent and on-again-off-again girlfriend, Princess Carolyn (Amy Sedaris); the misguided antics of his freeloading roommate, Todd Chavez (Aaron Paul); and his frenemy, Mr. Peanutbutter (Paul F. Tompkins), who is also Nguyen's boyfriend.
 The series satirizes Hollywood, celebrity culture, and the film industry.
Josie Lawrence (born Wendy Lawrence; 6 June 1959) is an English comedian and actress best known for her work with the Comedy Store Players improvisational troupe, the television series "Whose Line Is It Anyway?
" and as Manda Best in "EastEnders".
 Lawrence currently plays Barbara, a synthetic marriage counsellor in the Channel 4 TV series "Humans".
