Mário Neto, known as Sukata (born 1974 in Brasília, Brazil) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist with a record of 12-5.
 He is now in his 15th year as a mixed martial artist with a victory over UFC veterans Seth Petruzelli, Travis Fulton and Gary Goodridge.
 Neto last defeated Dave Keeley by submission due to a guillotine choke at RFC - Recife Fighting Championship 5 in 2011.
Anderson da Silva (] ; born April 14, 1975) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and former UFC Middleweight Champion.
 Silva holds the longest title streak in UFC history, which ended in 2013 after 2,457 days, with 16 consecutive wins and 10 title defenses.
 He has 13 post-fight bonuses, the second most in UFC history.
 UFC president Dana White and several mixed-martial-arts publications have called Silva the greatest mixed martial artist of all time.
 He is currently ranked the #6 contender in official UFC middleweight rankings.
Fabrício Werdum (] ; born July 30, 1977) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and former UFC Heavyweight Champion.
 He is also a two-time Brazilian jiu-jitsu world champion, a two-time Abu Dhabi Combat Club World Heavyweight Champion and European jiu-jitsu champion.
 He holds black belts in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Judo, and Muay Thai.
 Werdum has competed in PRIDE, the UFC, Strikeforce, and Jungle Fight.
Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira (] , born June 2, 1976), better known as Minotauro, is a semi-retired Brazilian mixed martial artist known for his technical mastery of Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
 He won most of his fights via submissions.
 He competed in the heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), where he is a former Interim UFC Heavyweight Champion.
 He is the twin brother of UFC fighter Antônio Rogério Nogueira.
 Nogueria rose to prominence in the Japanese promotion Pride Fighting Championships, where he was the first Pride Heavyweight Champion from November 2001 to March 2003, as well as a 2004 PRIDE FC Heavyweight Grand Prix Finalist.
 He is one of only three men to have held championship titles in both Pride Fighting Championships and the Ultimate Fighting Championship (the others being Mauricio Rua and Mark Coleman).
Renzo Gracie ( ; ] ; born March 11, 1967) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
 A member of the Gracie family of Brazil, Renzo is a 6th Degree Black in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Carlos Gracie Jr..
 He is the son of Robson Gracie, grandson of Carlos Gracie, nephew of Carlos Gracie, Jr. grandnephew of Helio Gracie, and the 1st cousin once removed of Royce Gracie.
 In mixed martial arts, Renzo has competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Pride Fighting Championships, K-1, RINGS, and International Fight League (head-coaching the New York Pitbulls).
 He holds notable victories over five former UFC Champions: Frank Shamrock (UFC Light Heavyweight Champion), Carlos Newton (UFC Welterweight Champion), Pat Miletich (UFC Welterweight Champion), Maurice Smith (UFC Heavyweight Champion), and Oleg Taktarov (UFC 6 Tournament Winner)
Wallid Farid Ismail (born February 23, 1968) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and promoter.
 Ismail holds a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) under Carlson Gracie, and is an IVC mixed martial arts world champion and BJJ Champion.
 In mixed martial arts, Ismail also competed for the UFC, and PRIDE, and most of wins in the sport came by way of submission.
Daniel Jeffery Henderson (born August 24, 1970) is an American former mixed martial artist and Olympic wrestler, who last competed as a middleweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 He was the last Strikeforce Light Heavyweight Champion and was the last Welterweight (80 kg ) and Middleweight (95 kg ) champion of Pride Fighting Championships.
 Additionally, Henderson was the Brazil Open '97 Tournament Champion, the UFC 17 Middleweight Tournament Champion, the Rings: King of Kings 1999 Tournament Champion and the Pride Weltwerweight Grand Prix Tournament Champion.
 During his career, Henderson also challenged for the UFC Middleweight Championship (2x), the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship and the Strikeforce Middleweight Championship.
 He was the first mixed martial artist to concurrently hold two titles in two different weight classes in a major MMA promotion.
 At the time of his retirement after UFC 204, he was the oldest fighter on the UFC roster.
 Known to be one of the greatest mixed martial artists of all time having defeated a total of seventeen MMA world champions across four major MMA promotions (UFC, PRIDE FC, Strikeforce, and RINGS).
Namsaknoi Yudthagarngamtorn (Thai: นำศักดิ์น้อย ยุทธการกำธร, born October 13, 1979) is a retired Muay Thai fighter from Thailand.
 He holds one of the highest winning percentages (95% wins in 300 fights), and one of the longest reigns as a Lumpinee Stadium Champion in history, remaining undefeated for the 135 lbs title between 2000–2006.
 He held wins over Muay Thai legends such as Saenchai PKSaenchaimuaythaigym, Samkor Kiatmontep, Kaolan Kaovichit, and Neungpichit Sityodtong.
 Namsaknoi was the camp senior of international Muay Thai superstar Buakaw when they both trained at Por Pramuk Camp.
 He spent 6 years in Singapore where he was an instructor to the Evolve Fight Team at Evolve Mixed Martial Arts, coaching world renowned MMA fighters such as Rafael Dos Anjos, Tarec Saffiedine, and Shinya Aoki.
 He now runs his own gym, Namsaknoi Muay Thai Club on the southern Thai island of Koh Phangan.
José Aldo da Silva Oliveira Junior (] ; born September 9, 1986) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 He was the fourth and final WEC Featherweight Champion and thus, became the first UFC Featherweight Champion during the UFC/WEC merger.
 He is a former two-time UFC Featherweight Champion.
 He was named Sherdog's 2009 Fighter of the Year.
 He is currently #12 in official UFC pound-for-pound rankings, having been ranked as high as #1 in 2015, and ranked the #2 featherweight in the world and #7 pound-for-pound by Sherdog.
 In the decade from November 2005 through December 2015, Aldo was undefeated in 18 fights.
 In Sherdog's April 2017 Pound-For-Pound ranking, Aldo was called "the greatest featherweight in mixed martial arts history."
Milton Vieira (born October 10, 1978) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing as a Featherweight.
 Vieira is widely credited as the inventor of the anaconda choke.
 Vieira is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Murilo Bustamante and competed in several top grappling competitions including Grapplers Quest and appeared at the 2007 ADCC World Championship and also the 2009 ADCC World Championship.
 In mixed martial arts, he has competed for the UFC, PRIDE, Strikeforce, DEEP, M-1 Global, and Shooto.
 He is stated to be the inventor of the anaconda choke from his days in Luta Livre.
