Return to Life (French: "Retour à la vie" ) is a 1949 French drama film directed by Georges Lampin, André Cayatte, Henri-Georges Clouzot and Jean Dréville.
 It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
We Are All Murderers (French: "Nous sommes tous des assassins" , also known as "Are We All Murderers?")
 is a 1952 French film written and directed by André Cayatte, a former attorney.
 It tells the story of René, a young man from the slums, trained by the French Resistance in World War II to kill Germans.
 He continues to kill long after the war has ended, as it is all he knows.
The Last Penny (French:Le dernier sou) is a 1946 French drama film directed by André Cayatte and starring Ginette Leclerc, Gilbert Gil and Fernand Charpin.
 A secretary tries to save her friend's company from being bankrupted by unscrupulous figures.
 It was one of three films Leclerc appeared in for the collaborationist Continental Films, which she believed led to her arrest by the authorities following the Libertation.
 Although it was made during the Second World War the film was not released until March 1946.
Remorques (English title: Stormy Waters) is a 1941 French drama film directed by Jean Grémillon.
 The screenplay was written by Jacques Prévert (scenario and dialogue) and André Cayatte (adaptation), based on the novel by Roger Vercel.
 The film stars Jean Gabin, Madeleine Renaud and Michèle Morgan.
Black Dossier (French: "Le Dossier noir" ) is a 1955 French drama film directed by André Cayatte.
 It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
Justice Is Done (French: Justice est faite ) is a 1950 French drama film directed by André Cayatte.
 It tackles the subject of euthanasia by depicting a court case in which a woman is tried for killing her terminally ill husband at his request.
 It won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.
The Revenge of Roger (French: La revanche de Roger la Honte) is a 1946 French historical crime film directed by André Cayatte and starring Lucien Coëdel, María Casares and Paul Bernard.
 The film is based on a novel by Jules Mary.
 It was a sequel to the film "Roger la Honte" also directed by Cayatte which had been shot in 1945 but was released in 1946.
 The film's sets were designed by the art director Jacques Colombier.
Le glaive et la balance (English: The Sword and the Balance and Two Are Guilty)) is a 1963 French-Italian drama film directed by André Cayatte.
 It was written by Cayatte, Henri Jeanson and Charles Spaak.
 It stars the American actor, Anthony Perkins as the protagonist.
Roger la Honte is a 1946 French historical drama film directed by André Cayatte and starring Lucien Coëdel, María Casares and Paul Bernard.
 The film is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Jules Mary.
 It was followed by a sequel "The Revenge of Roger" featuring many of the original cast and released the same year.
Before the Deluge (French: Avant le déluge ) is a 1954 French drama film directed by André Cayatte.
 It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
