CCCC Miami Towers is the preliminary name for a mixed-use project being planned in the Brickell neighborhood of Miami, Florida, United States.
 The site is bounded by South Miami Avenue to the east, SW 14th Terrace to the south, SW 1st Avenue to the west, and SW 14th Street to the north.
 The site broke ground in 2006 and was excavated for a previous project that stalled known as Capital at Brickell.
 It was revived in 2014 by China City Construction Corp, an affiliate of China Communications Construction Company.
Błękitny Wieżowiec (literally Blue Skyscraper) is a building located in Bank Square in Warsaw.
 It stands in the place that was occupied before World War II by Warsaw's largest synagogue, the Great Synagogue, which was blown up by the Germans in 1943.
 Initial concepts for the construction of the skyscraper had been put forward in the 1950s, but construction finally began in the 1970s and was suspended shortly after the main structure was built.
 The unused construction was then often called the "golden towers" because of the colour of the facade.
Parkshore Plaza is a 29-story skyscraper located in downtown St. Petersburg, Florida.
 Before the Parkshore Plaza announcement, another tower called The Villas One was going to be constructed in the same lot.
 Original construction of the Villas was going to begin in 2002, however was cancelled in late 2002.
 After the cancellation of the first tower, the Parkshore Plaza was announced in early 2003.
 Construction of the tower began in 2004, and was completed by the summer of 2006.
 At 108.2 m , it was the tallest condominium tower in St. Petersburg until 2009, following the constriction of two new condominium towers Ovation and Signature Place.
 The Parkshore Plaza contains 117 total units, 96 of which are located in the tower itself and 21 are city-homes.
Hazina Towers, also Hazina Trading Centre, is a building under construction in Nairobi, the capital and largest city in Kenya.
 When completed, the 39-story skyscraper will become the tallest building in Nairobi.
The Imperial Towers of Ontario were six of the earliest lighthouses built on Lake Huron and Georgian Bay, all constructed primarily of stone, by the Province of Canada.
 The origin of the designation "Imperial" is not certain, but some historians speculate that because the towers were public construction built under the colonial administration while Canada was a self-governing colony of Britain, the name would assure at least some funding from the British Empire's Board of Trade.
Torrenza Towers Condos & Spa is planned as two high-rise towers located at Avenida Rodolfo T. Loaiza, Playa Las Gaviotas, in the city of Mazatlán state of Sinaloa in Mexico.
 To date, (April, 2011) no construction has taken place.
 The two towers, named Milan and Florence, are planned to become the tallest skyscrapers in the Mexican Pacific, taller than the 2000 Oceanic located in the city of Acapulco, although this is not currently true.
Liberty Place is a skyscraper complex in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
 The complex is composed of a 61-story, 945 ft skyscraper called One Liberty Place, a 58-story, 848 ft skyscraper called Two Liberty Place, a two-story shopping mall called the Shops at Liberty Place, and the 14-story Westin Philadelphia Hotel.
 Prior to the construction of Liberty Place, there was a "gentlemen's agreement" not to build any structure in Center City higher than the statue of William Penn on top of Philadelphia City Hall.
 The tradition lasted until 1984 when developer Willard G. Rouse III of Rouse & Associates announced plans to build an office building complex that included two towers taller than City Hall.
 There was a great amount of opposition to the construction of the towers with critics believing breaking the height limit would lead to construction of many more tall skyscrapers, ruining the livability and charm of Center City.
 Despite the opposition, construction of One Liberty Place was approved and the first phase of the project began in 1985 and was completed in 1987.
 When One Liberty Place was completed, it was the tallest skyscraper in Philadelphia.
The Two Towers (Italian: "Le due torri" ), both of them leaning, are the symbol of Bologna, Italy, and the most prominent of the Towers of Bologna.
 They are located at the intersection of the roads that lead to the five gates of the old ring wall ("mura dei torresotti").
 The taller one is called the "Asinelli" while the smaller but more leaning tower is called the "Garisenda".
 Their names derive from the families which are traditionally credited for their construction between 1109 and 1119.
 Their construction was a competition between the two families to show which was the more powerful family.
 However, the scarcity of documents from this early period makes this in reality rather uncertain.
 The name of the Asinelli family, for example, is documented for the first time actually only in 1185, almost 70 years after the presumed construction of the tower which is attributed to them.
True North Square is a public plaza and series of multi-use towers currently under construction in Downtown Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
 It is a joint venture between James Richardson & Sons and True North Sports & Entertainment (TNSE).
 True North Square will be situated between Bell MTS Place and RBC Convention Centre, in the city's unofficial sports and entertainment district.
City Centre or London City Centre is a twin office tower complex in London, Ontario, Canada at 275 Dundas Street.
 Construction on the towers was finished in 1974.
 The South tower is 96 m tall, and is the second tallest building in the city and one of the tallest office buildings in Ontario outside Toronto.
 The North tower is 89 meters tall and is the third tallest office building in the city.
 The buildings are one of several twin tower complexes in London's central business district.
 The towers were the tallest buildings in Southwestern Ontario from 1974, to 1992 when One London Place was completed.
