The Old Man of the Mountain, also known as the Great Stone Face or the Profile, was a series of five granite cliff ledges on Cannon Mountain in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States, that appeared to be the jagged profile of a face when viewed from the north.
 The rock formation was 1200 ft above Profile Lake, and measured 40 ft tall and 25 ft wide.
 The site is located in the town of Franconia.
The Profile House was a grand hotel in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, in the United States.
 Originally built in 1852 and opening for its first season in 1853, it was operated by several owners and partners until its final season under the ownership of Karl P. Abbott, when the hotel, at its seasonal peak, burned to the ground, leaving only the train depot standing in the fire's aftermath.
 Area attractions included Franconia Notch, the Great Boulder flume (Flume Gorge), Artist's Bluff, Mount Cannon, Profile Lake, Echo Lake, and Eagle Cliff.
 The Profile House boasted amenities such as running water, electricity and all of the comforts to which the affluent guests had become accustomed.
 The hotel was named for the iconic rock structure discovered by surveyors in 1805, that came to be known as Old Man of the Mountain.
Profile Lake is a 13 acre water body located in Franconia Notch in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, at the foot of Cannon Mountain.
 The lake was given its name due to its location directly beneath the Old Man of the Mountain, a famous rock formation which collapsed in 2003.
 The lake is near the height of land in Franconia Notch; the lake's outlet is the Pemigewasset River, which flows south to the Merrimack River and ultimately the Gulf of Maine (Atlantic Ocean) at Newburyport, Massachusetts.
Rockland Furnace is a historic iron furnace located at Rockland Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania.
 It was built 1832, and is a stone structure approximately 25 feet tall.
 It has an 11 feet wide, 10 feet tall casting arch and 9 feet wide, 9 feet tall tuyere arch.
 Also on the property are the wheel pit and mill race.
Avalanche Lake is a 9 acre mountain lake located in the Adirondack High Peaks in New York.
 Avalanche Lake sits at 2885 feet (879 m) between 4,714-foot (1,437 m) Mount Colden and-3816 foot (1163 m) Avalanche Mountain.
 The two mountains rise in vertical cliffs from the surface of the lake.
 Immediately west of Avalanche Mountain (formerly known as Caribou Mountain) lies the MacIntyre Range— 5,115-foot (1,559 m) Algonquin Peak (the second highest mountain in the state), 4829-foot (1472 m) Boundary Peak, 4,843-foot (1,476 m) Iroquois Peak and 4,380-foot (1,335 m) Mount Marshall.
 Mount Marcy is 2.5 (4 km) miles to the east.
 Avalanche Lake feeds Lake Colden to the south, in the Hudson River watershed.
 To the north, the trail to the lake from the Adirondak Loj surmounts Avalanche Pass, which is only slightly above lake level but separates it from the Lake Champlain (St. Lawrence River) watershed.
 Following the lake toward Lake Colden, the trail is choked with large boulders, and a number of wooden ladders have been built to make passage possible.
 There are also three places where the trail takes to wooden catwalks, first built in the 1920s, that are bolted directly into the cliff face.
 This section is known as the "Hitch-Up Matilda;" in 1868 when a mountain guide waded to carry one of his clients past a point with no footing on shore, her husband urged her to sit higher on his shoulders.
The Salish Mountains are located in the northwest corner of the U.S. State of Montana.
 Much of the range is bordered on the east by Flathead Lake.
 With peaks ranging from just under 7,000 feet tall to named hills that are a little short of 3,600 feet in elevation the Salish Mountain range is a lesser known mountain range in northwestern Montana.
 Many of the peaks in the range are rounded tree-covered summits but occasionally the mountain summits are found on open grassy slopes that afford great views into the surrounding valleys and neighboring mountain ranges.
 The Salish Mountains cover a triangle-shaped land mass of about 4,125 square miles of lush forests and peaks.
Tuckaleechee Caverns ( ) a set of caverns and tourist attraction in Townsend, Tennessee and a short drive from Gatlinburg, Sevierville, Knoxville and Chattanooga.
 Tuckaleechee Caverns has a 5 star "GEM" attraction listing by AAA.
 These caverns were discovered in the mid-19th century and were opened to the public by Bill Vananda and Harry Myers in 1953.
 On one end of the Tuckaleechee Caverns tour, the "Big Room" is found, which is the largest cave/cavern room that is open to the public in the eastern United States.
 Many stalagmites reach over 24 feet tall with flow-stone formations over hundreds of feet in length and width.
 Tuckaleechee Caverns is proud to have the tallest underground waterfall in the eastern United States, named "Silver Falls", a 210 foot two-tier waterfall.
 Tuckaleechee Caverns is one of the most active or "alive" caves/caverns the public can visit on Earth and it is located under the Great Smokey Mountains, the oldest mountain range on the planet.
 Tuckaleechee Caverns is located in Dry Valley of Townsend, Tennessee.
 The Caverns are two miles away from Cades Cove, which is where the cavern actually originates (at White Oak Sinks in the Great Smokey Mountains National Park).
 The Caverns also host the most sensitive seismograph system on the planet and is monitored by the United States military Department of Defense and the United States Geological Survey (USGS).
 Real-time, worldwide, earthquake and nuclear activity are displayed in the welcome center.
   The cave is noted for its onyx formations, "Big Room," and high waterfalls.
 Tours are conducted along lighted walkways.
 Tuckaleechee Caverns in Townsend, TN., are known as the "Greatest Site Under the Smokies".
 Estimated to be between 20 and 30 million years old, the Caverns are rich in history and lore in recent years as well.
.
Armstrong County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse complex located at Kittanning, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania.
 The courthouse was built between 1858 and 1860, and is a two-story, brick and stone building measuring 105 feet by 65 feet.
 It has a hipped roof topped by an octagonal cupola and bell.
 It features a portico with four Corinthian order columns in Greek Revival style.
 A three-story rear addition was built in 1951-1953.
 The jail building was built between 1870 and 1873.
 It is constructed of stone, brick, and iron, and measures 114 feet by 50 feet, with a 96 feet tall tower.
 The building once housed 24, 8 foot by 13 foot cells.
Franconia Notch State Park is located in the White Mountains in northern New Hampshire, United States, and straddles 8 mi of Interstate 93 as it passes through Franconia Notch, a mountain pass between the Kinsman Range and Franconia Range.
 Attractions in the state park include the Flume Gorge and visitor center, the Old Man of the Mountain historical site, fishing in Echo Lake and Profile Lake, and miles of hiking, biking and ski trails.
 The northern part of the park, including Cannon Mountain and Echo and Profile lakes, is in the town of Franconia, and the southern part, including Lonesome Lake and the Flume, is in Lincoln.
Rajasekharan Parameswaran (also known as Marthandam Rajasekharan) is an Indian art director and self taught painter from Tamil Nadu.
 He holds Guinness World Record (2008) for the largest easel painting.
 The easel is 56.5 feet tall and 31 feet wide and holds a 25 feet tall and 50 feet wide portrait of Elamkulam Namboodiripad.
 In 2010, the painting was also included in the Limca Book of Records.
 Parameswaran debuted into films as art director with Naalu Pennungal (2007), for which he won the best art director state award.
