Buster: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 1988 British film "Buster".
 The album is essentially a collection of oldies, tucked in between two Phil Collins songs that were recorded for the film, in which he starred. "
Two Hearts" was specially written for the film, having earned a Grammy Award for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television in 1989, a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song (tying with "Let the River Run" from "Working Girl" by Carly Simon) as well as an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song, and "A Groovy Kind of Love" with a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Vocal Performance, Male was a remake of a song taken to #2 in the UK Singles Chart in 1965 by The Mindbenders.
 Both were released as singles, and topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, with "A Groovy Kind of Love" also reaching #1 in the UK.
 Other new songs include Collins' "Big Noise" and The Four Tops' "Loco in Acapulco", co-written by Collins.
 The soundtrack received at the Brit Awards in 1989 the award for British Soundtrack Album, while Collins received the award British Male Artist for his contribution to the soundtrack album.
The Muppets: An Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is a soundtrack album released by Walt Disney Records on November 22, 2011 for the musical comedy film "The Muppets".
 The soundtrack features five original songs, four re-recordings and remasterings of popular Muppet songs ("The Muppet Show Theme", "Rainbow Connection", and "Mah Nà Mah Nà"), two cover versions of existing songs (Cee Lo Green's "Forget You" and Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit"), two standalone songs (Paul Simon's "Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard" and Starship's "We Built This City"), and fifteen dialogue tracks.
 It also features the song "Man or Muppet", which won the Academy Award for Best Original Song.
 The soundtrack was also nominated for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media at the 55th Grammy Awards.
"My Kind of Town" or "My Kind of Town (Chicago Is)" is a popular song composed by Jimmy Van Heusen, with lyrics by Sammy Cahn.
 It was originally part of the musical score for "Robin and the 7 Hoods", a 1964 musical film starring several members of the Rat Pack.
 It was nominated for the 1964 Academy Award for Best Original Song but lost to "Chim Chim Cher-ee" from "Mary Poppins".
 Although the song predated the Grammy Award Best Original Song for a Motion Picture category, the entire score was nominated for the 1964 Grammy Award in the category Best Original Score Written for A Motion Picture, but it lost to the eponymously titled "Mary Poppins" score.
Tarzan: An Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 1999 Disney animated film, "Tarzan".
 The songs on the soundtrack were composed by Phil Collins, and the instrumental score by Mark Mancina.
 The song "You'll Be in My Heart" won both the Academy Award for Best Original Song and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, while the soundtrack album won a Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album.
 For his contribution to the soundtrack, Collins received an American Music Award for Favorite Adult Contemporary Artist.
"A Whole New World" is a song from Disney's 1992 animated feature film "Aladdin", with music by Alan Menken and lyrics by Tim Rice.
 The song is a ballad between the primary characters Aladdin and Jasmine about the new world they are going to discover together while riding on Aladdin's magic carpet.
 The original version was sung by Brad Kane and Lea Salonga during the film.
 They also performed the song in their characters at the 65th Academy Awards, where it won Academy Award for Best Original Song as well as the first and so far only Disney song to win a Grammy Award for Song of the Year at the 36th Annual Grammy Awards.
 In 2014, Adam Jacobs and Courtney Reed performed the song as Aladdin and Jasmine in the film's Broadway adaptation.
Paul Hamilton Williams, Jr. (born September 19, 1940) is an American composer, singer, songwriter and actor.
 He is perhaps best known for writing popular songs performed by a number of acts in the 1970s, including Three Dog Night's "An Old Fashioned Love Song" and "Out in the Country", Helen Reddy's "You and Me Against the World", David Bowie's "Fill Your Heart", and the Carpenters' "We've Only Just Begun" and "Rainy Days and Mondays", as well as for his contributions to films, such as writing the lyrics to the #1 chart-topping "Evergreen", the love theme from "A Star Is Born", starring Barbra Streisand, for which he won a Grammy for Song of the Year and an Academy Award for Best Original Song; and "Rainbow Connection" from "The Muppet Movie".
 He also wrote the lyrics to the opening theme for "The Love Boat", with music previously composed by Charles Fox, which was originally sung by Jack Jones and, later, by Dionne Warwick.
Frozen: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2013 Disney animated film, "Frozen".
 The soundtrack features 10 original songs written and composed by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, and twenty-two score pieces composed by Christophe Beck.
 It features the critically acclaimed song "Let It Go"—film version performed by Idina Menzel; single version performed by Demi Lovato—which won the Academy Award for Best Original Song, the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media, and the Critics' Choice Award for Best Song, and was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song.
James Edward Ingram (born February 16, 1952) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and instrumentalist.
 He is a two-time Grammy Award-winner and a two-time Academy Award nominee for Best Original Song.
 Since beginning his career in 1973, Ingram has charted eight Top 40 hits on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart from the early 1980s until the early 1990s, as well as thirteen top 40 hits on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
 In addition, he charted 20 hits on the Adult Contemporary chart (including two number-ones).
 He had two number-one singles on the Hot 100: the first, a duet with fellow R&B artist Patti Austin, 1982's "Baby, Come to Me" topped the U.S. pop chart in 1983; "I Don't Have the Heart", which became his second number-one in 1990 was his only number-one as a solo artist.
 In between these hits he also recorded the song "Somewhere Out There" with fellow recording artist Linda Ronstadt for the animated film "An American Tail".
 The song and the music video both became gigantic hits.
 Ingram co-wrote "The Day I Fall in Love", from the motion picture "Beethoven's 2nd" (1993), and singer Patty Smyth's "Look What Love Has Done", from the motion picture "Junior" (1994), which earned him nominations for Best Original Song from the Oscars, Golden Globe, and Grammy Awards in 1994 and 1995.
Steve Chrisanthou is a British songwriter, producer, engineer.
 He is a Grammy Awards nominee an Ivor Novello Awards nominee, a Brit Awards nominee and a MOBO Awards winner for his co-write with John Beck (songwriter) and Corinne Bailey Rae with the song "Put Your Records On."
 In 2008 Chrisanthou won a National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences award for his vocal engineering on "," a Grammy winner by Herbie Hancock
The Little Mermaid: Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 1989 Disney animated feature film, "The Little Mermaid".
 It contains the songs from the film written by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman, as well as the film's score composed by Alan Menken.
 The score was orchestrated by Thomas Pasatieri.
 The album has achieved multi-platinum sales and won the Grammy Award for Best Recording for Children.
 The album includes recordings of the music that won the Grammy for Best Instrumental Composition Written for a Motion Picture or for Television ("Under the Sea"), the Academy Awards for Best Original Score and Best Original Song ("Under the Sea") and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score.
