The Exposition Internationale du Surréalisme was an exhibition by surrealist artists that took place from January 17 to February 24, 1938, in the generously equipped Galérie Beaux-Arts, run by Georges Wildenstein, at 140, Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré in Paris.
 It was organised by the French writer André Breton, the surrealists' brain and theorist, and Paul Éluard, the best known poet of the movement.
 The catalogue listed, along with the above, Marcel Duchamp as generator and arbitrator (to appease the partly fierce conflicts mainly between Breton and Éluard), Salvador Dalí and Max Ernst as technical advisers, Man Ray as head lighting technician and Wolfgang Paalen as responsible for the design the entrance and main hall with "water and foliage".
 The exhibition was staged in three sections, showing paintings and objects as well as unusually decorated rooms and mannequins which had been redesigned in various ways.
 With this holistic presentation of surrealist art work the movement wrote exhibition history.
Sylvia Bataille (1 November 1908 – 23 December 1993) was a French actress, born Sylvia Maklès in Paris (where she also died), of Romanian-Jewish descent.
 When she was twenty, she married the writer Georges Bataille with whom she had a daughter, the psychoanalyst Laurence Bataille (1930–1986).
 Georges Bataille and Sylvia separated in 1934 but did not divorce until 1946.
 Starting in 1938, she was a companion of the psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan with whom, in 1941, she had a daughter, Judith, today Judith Miller.
 Sylvia Bataille married Jacques Lacan in 1953.
Inner Experience (French: "L'expérience intérieure" ) is a 1943 book by Georges Bataille.
 His first lengthy philosophical treatise, it was followed by "Guilty" (1944) and "On Nietzsche" (1945).
 Together, the three works constitute Bataille's "Summa Atheologica", in which he explores the experience of excess, expressed in forms such as laughter, tears, eroticism, death, sacrifice and poetry.
Derived from the Greek ἀκέφαλος ("akephalos", literally "headless"), Acéphale is the name of a public review created by Georges Bataille (which numbered five issues, from 1936 to 1939) and a secret society formed by Bataille and others who had sworn to keep silent.
Laurence Bataille (1930–1986) was a French psychoanalyst and writer.
 She was the only daughter of the writer Georges Bataille and the actress Sylvia Bataille.
The Accursed Share: An Essay on General Economy (French: "La Part maudite" ) is a book about political economy by the French intellectual Georges Bataille.
 Written between 1946 and 1949 and collected in volume seven of Bataille's complete works, it comprises three volumes: "Consumption", "The History of Eroticism", and "Sovereignty."
 First published by Les Éditions de Minuit in 1949, the book was re-edited in 1967, and was published in English translation in 1988 by Zone Books, in a two-volume edition.
 "The Accursed Share" is considered one of the most important of Bataille's books.
 However, it received mixed reviews on the publication of its English translation.
Georges Bataille's Story of the Eye is a 2004 experimental film adaptation of the 1928 novel "Story of the Eye" by the French writer Georges Bataille.
 The film, directed by Andrew Repasky McElhinney, takes place in a seemingly abandoned house where a group of people engage in wordless acts of passion.
 The film covers a period from evening to morning, and the sexual couplings among the members of the house becomes increasingly harrowing as daylight arrives.
Poclain is a family company founded by Georges Bataille in France in 1927, then developed by his sons Pierre and Claude Bataille, with help from Jacques and Bernard Bataille.
Friedrich Nietzsche's influence and reception varied widely and may be roughly divided into various chronological periods.
 Reactions were anything but uniform, and proponents of various ideologies attempted to appropriate his work quite early.
 By 1937, this led Georges Bataille to argue against any "instrumentalization" of Nietzsche's thought, paradoxically as a social-anarchist himself; Bataille, the passionate, determined socialist and anti-fascist, believed that any simple-minded interpretation or unified ideological characterization of Nietzsche's work, granting predominance to any particular aspect, failed to do justice to the body of his work as a whole.
Blue of Noon (French: "Le Bleu du Ciel" ) is an erotic novella by Georges Bataille.
 Although Bataille completed the work in 1935, it was not published until Jean-Jacques Pauvert did so in 1957.
 (Pauvert previously published the writings of the Marquis de Sade.)
 Urizen Books published Harry Mathews' English-language translation in 1978.
 The book deals with both incest and necrophilia.
