Masatoshi Ono (小野正利 , Ono Masatoshi , born January 29, 1967 in Adachi, Tokyo, Japan) , also known as Sho, is a Japanese rock/heavy metal singer-songwriter and vocal coach.
 Ono got his start in the 1980s as vocalist of the heavy metal band Fort Bragg.
 In 1992, he released his first solo single, "Pure ni Nare", on Sony Records.
 But it wasn't until his third single, "You're the Only...", that he hit it big.
 The single helped Ono win the "Rookie of the Year" award at the 34th Japan Record Awards and an invitation to that year's "Kōhaku Uta Gassen".
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
Masatoshi Shima (嶋 正利 , Shima Masatoshi , born August 22, 1943, Shizuoka) is a Japanese electronics engineer, who was one of the designers of the world's first microprocessor, the Intel 4004, along with Federico Faggin, Ted Hoff, and Stanley Mazor.
Masatoshi Ichikawa (市川 雅敏 , Ichikawa Masatoshi , born 11 January 1961, in Tokyo) was a pioneering Japanese professional racing cyclist.
 He was the first Japanese to ride professionally in Europe, riding for such teams as the Belgian team Hitachi and the Swiss team Bleiker in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
 He was also the first to complete a Grand Tour event, finishing 50th in the Giro d'Italia in 1990.
Motohisa Ikeda (池田 元久 , Ikeda Motohisa , born December 20, 1940) is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan, a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature).
 A native of Fujisawa, Kanagawa and graduate of Waseda University, he worked at the public broadcaster NHK as a reporter from 1964 to 1989.
 He was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time in 1990 as a member of the Japan Socialist Party but lost his seat in 1993.
 He was re-elected in 1996
Masatoşi Gündüz İkeda (Japanese: 池田 正敏 ギュンドゥズ Ikeda Masatoshi Gyunduzu ) (25 February 1926 – 9 February 2003), was a Turkish mathematician of Japanese ancestry, known for his contributions to the field of algebraic number theory.
Masatoshi Ishida (石田 真敏 , Ishida Masatoshi , born April 11, 1952) is a Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party, a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature).
 A native of Kainan, Wakayama and graduate of Waseda University, he was elected to the first of his three terms in the assembly of Wakayama Prefecture in 1983 and then to the first of his two terms as mayor of Kainan in 1994.
 He was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time in 2002.
Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
