Ana Lila Downs Sánchez, best known as Lila Downs (born September 9, 1968) is a Mexican-American singer-songwriter and actress.
 She performs her own compositions and the works of others in multiple genres, as well as tapping into Mexican traditional and popular music.
 She also incorporates indigenous Mexican influences and has recorded songs in many indigenous languages such as Mixtec, Zapotec, Mayan, Nahuatl and Purépecha.
 Born and raised in Oaxaca, she primarily studied at the Institute of Arts by Oaxaca and briefly attended University of Minnesota, before withdrawing to focus on her musical career.
 She soon began performing in the traditional music scene of Oaxaca City.
The Dark Tower is a series of eight books written by American author Stephen King that incorporates themes from multiple genres, including dark fantasy, science fantasy, horror, and Western.
 It describes a "gunslinger" and his quest toward a tower, the nature of which is both physical and metaphorical.
 The series, and its use of the Dark Tower, expands upon Stephen King's multiverse and in doing so, links together many of his other novels.
 King has described the series as his "magnum opus".
 In addition to the eight novels of the series proper that comprise 4,250 pages, many of King's other books relate to the story, introducing concepts and characters that come into play as the series progresses.
"The Dark Tower" series of novels, by Stephen King, contain references to numerous locations.
 Some of those locations are listed below.
The Leslie-Lohman Museum of Gay and Lesbian Art, operated by the Leslie-Lohman Gay Art Foundation, is a visual art museum in SoHo, Manhattan, New York City.
 It mainly collects, preserves and exhibits visual arts created by LGBTQ artists or art about LGBTQ themes, issues, and people.
 The Museum offers exhibitions year-round in numerous locations and owns more than 22,000 objects, including, paintings, drawings, photography, prints and sculpture.
 It has been recognized as one of the oldest arts groups engaged in the collection and preservation of gay art.
 In May 2011, the Foundation was awarded Museum status by the New York State Board of Regents.
 The Museum is a member of the American Alliance of Museums and operates pursuant to their guidelines.
SLA Industries (pronounced "slay") is a role-playing game first published in 1993 by Nightfall Games in Glasgow, Scotland.
 The game is set in a dystopian far-flung future in which the majority of the known universe is either owned or indirectly controlled by the eponymous corporation "SLA Industries" and incorporates themes from the cyberpunk, horror, and conspiracy genres.
Genre ( , or ; from French "genre" ] , "kind" or "sort", from Latin "genus" (stem "gener-"), Greek γένος, "génos") is any form or type of communication in any mode (written, spoken, digital, artistic, etc.) with socially-agreed upon conventions developed over time.
 Genre is most popularly known as a category of literature, music, or other forms of art or entertainment, whether written or spoken, audio or visual, based on some set of stylistic criteria, yet genres can be aesthetic, rhetorical, communicative, or functional.
 Genres form by conventions that change over time as new genres are invented and the use of old ones is discontinued.
 Often, works fit into multiple genres by way of borrowing and recombining these conventions.
 Stand alone texts, works, or pieces of communication may have individual styles, but genres are amalgams of these texts based on agreed upon or socially inferred conventions.
 Some genres may be rigid with strictly adhered to guidelines while others may be very flexible.
"I'm Out" is a song recorded by American recording artist Ciara, for her eponymously titled fifth studio album (2013), featuring guest vocals from Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj.
 It was written by Ciara, Minaj and Rock City brothers, Timothy and Theron Thomas.
 Rocky City and The Co-Captains provided production.
 "I'm Out" made its premiere on May 22, 2013 on Ciara's official SoundCloud account and was serviced to urban radio in the United States on June 3, 2013 as the second single from "Ciara" through Epic Records.
 Lyrically, it incorporates themes of breakups and making an ex-boyfriend regret leaving.
El León (Spanish for "The Lion") is the seventh studio album by the Argentine ska and reggae band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs.
 Released in 1992, the album combines multiple genres and incorporates Caribbean rhythms as well as salsa, calypso and reggae influences.
 It is a notable album in the history of Argentine rock.
Idyllen ("Idylls"), Op.
 95, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1851.
 It was composed for a "Grand Summer Festival Soiree" in the Vienna Volksgarten, with the composer conducting the Strauss Orchestra in its first performance.
 The fifth waltz melody of the work incorporates themes from the popular song "O Madchen mein unter'm Hollerstock" ("O maiden mine beneath the rose-tree").
 The "Theater Zeitung" commented on the Strauss waltz that "it is most original and displays a multitude of piquant dance rhythms which are instrumented with much spirit and, amidst tumultuous applause from the select and numerous public, had to be played "da capo"."
Bas-Lag is the fictional world in which several of English author China Miéville's novels are set.
 Bas-Lag is a world where both magic (referred to as "thaumaturgy") and steampunk technology exist, and is home to many intelligent races.
 It is influenced by the themes and tropes of multiple genres of science fiction, fantasy, and horror.
