The University of Southern California (USC or SC) is a private research university located in Los Angeles, California.
 Founded in 1880, it is the oldest private research university in California.
 USC has historically educated a large number of the region's business leaders and professionals.
 In recent decades, the university has also leveraged its location in Los Angeles to establish relationships with research and cultural institutions throughout Asia and the Pacific Rim.
 An engine for economic activity, USC contributes $8 billion annually to the economy of the Los Angeles metropolitan area and California.
Hamdard University (Urdu: ) is a private research university with campuses in Karachi and Islamabad, Pakistan.
 It was founded in 1991 by the renowned philanthropist Hakim Said of the Hamdard Foundation.
 Hamdard is one of the first and the oldest private institutions of higher education in Pakistan.
 In Karachi, Hamdard University is the largest private research university with a campus area of over 350 acres.
Emory University is a private research university in metropolitan Atlanta, located in the Druid Hills section of DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
 The university was founded as Emory College in 1836 in Oxford, Georgia by the Methodist Episcopal Church and was named in honor of Methodist bishop John Emory.
 In 1915, the college relocated to metropolitan Atlanta and was rechartered as Emory University.
 The university is the second-oldest private institution of higher education in Georgia and among the fifty oldest private universities in the United States.
 Emory is frequently cited as one of the world's leading research universities and one of the top institutions in the United States.
Jung Seul-ki (also "Jeong Seul-gi", Korean: 정 슬기 ; born July 13, 1988) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events.
 She finished eleventh in the women's 200 m breaststroke at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and has won a career total of four medals (one gold and three bronze) in a major international competition, spanning the 2006 Pan Pacific Championships, the 2006 Asian Games, and the 2007 Summer Universiade.
 Jung also served as a varsity member of the swimming team at Yonsei University.
Kyung Hee University is a private research university encompassing an educational system from kindergarten to graduate school with campuses in Seoul, Yongin, and Gwangneung (on the outskirts of Namyangju city), South Korea.
 Kyung Hee University has 24 colleges, 71 departments and majors, 65 master's and 63 doctorate programs, 18 professional and special graduate schools, and 43 auxiliary research institutions.
 The university counts Slavoj Žižek, Jason Barker and Emanuel Pastreich among its international professors.
<ref name="khu.ac.kr/eng/about/news">http://khu.ac.kr/eng/about/news_view.jsp?idx=178&iPage=1</ref>
Tufts University is a private research university incorporated in the municipality of Medford, Massachusetts, United States.
 Tufts College was founded in 1852 by Christian Universalists who worked for years to open a nonsectarian institution of higher learning.
 Charles Tufts donated the land for the campus on Walnut Hill, the highest point in Medford, saying that he wanted to set a "light on the hill".
 The name was changed to Tufts University in 1954, although the corporate name remains "the Trustees of Tufts College".
 For more than a century, Tufts was a small New England liberal arts college until its transformation into a larger research university in the 1970s.
 Tufts is a charter member of the New England Small College Athletic Conference (NESCAC).
 In 2017, the university accepted 14.8% of undergraduate applicants from a pool of 21,101.
 In 2016, it was ranked 27th nationally and 156th internationally by "U.S. News & World Report".
Clarkson University is a private research university with its main campus located in Potsdam, New York, and additional graduate program and research facilities in New York State's Capital Region and Beacon, N.Y.
 It was founded in 1896 and has an enrollment of about 4,300 students studying toward bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees in each of its schools or institutes: the Institute for a Sustainable Environment, the School of Arts & Sciences, the School of Business and the Wallace H. Coulter School of Engineering.
 Clarkson University ranks #8 among "Top Salary-Boosting Colleges" nationwide.
 The Carnegie foundation classified Clarkson University as a "High Research Activity" institution.
Paul Robert Easter (born 14 May 1963) is a former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics, and competed for Scotland in the Commonwealth Games.
 He was freestyle swimmer, and swam for Warrender Baths Club in Edinburgh.
 He also swam for City of Swansea swimming club and Arizona State University while studying there.
 He competed at the Summer Olympics for Great Britain at the 1984 (Los Angeles, California).
 In 1984 he claimed the bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay, alongside Neil Cochran, Andrew Astbury, and Paul Howe.
Back Su-Yeon (also "Baek Su-Yeon", Korean: 백 수연 ; born July 1, 1991 in Seoul) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events.
 She edged out her teammate Jung Seul-Ki to take a bronze medal by 0.31 of a second in the 200 m breaststroke at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, China, with a time of 1:10.22.
 Back is also a member of Kang-won-do Cheong swimming club in Seoul.
The Johns Hopkins University (commonly referred to as Johns Hopkins, JHU, or simply Hopkins) is an American private research university in Baltimore, Maryland.
 Founded in 1876, the university was named for its first benefactor, the American entrepreneur, abolitionist, and philanthropist Johns Hopkins.
 His $7 million bequest—of which half financed the establishment of Johns Hopkins Hospital—was the largest philanthropic gift in the history of the United States at that time.
 Daniel Coit Gilman, who was inaugurated as the institution's first president on February 22, 1876, led the university to revolutionize higher education in the U.S. by integrating teaching and research.
 Adopting the concept of a graduate school from Germany's ancient Heidelberg University, Johns Hopkins University is considered the first research university in the United States.
