The Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 (PUHCA), also known as the Wheeler-Rayburn Act, was a law that was passed by the United States Congress to facilitate regulation of electric utilities, by either limiting their operations to a single state, and thus subjecting them to effective state regulation, or forcing divestitures so that each became a single integrated system serving a limited geographic area.
 Another purpose of PUHCA was to keep utility holding companies that were engaged in regulated businesses from engaging in unregulated businesses.
North American Co. v. Securities and Exchange Commission, 327 U.S. 686 (1946), is a United States Supreme Court case holding that a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) order under the Public Utility Holding Company Act (PUHCA) directing a public utility holding company to divest its securities of all companies except for one electric company did not violate the Commerce Clause or the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Southern Company is an American gas and electric utility holding company based in the southern United States.
 It is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with executive offices also located in Birmingham, Alabama.
 The company is currently the second largest utility company in the U.S., in terms of customer base.
 Through its subsidiaries it serves 9 million gas and electric utility customers in nine states.
 Southern Company’s regulated regional electric utilities serve a 120000 sqmi territory with 27000 mi of distribution lines.
The North American Light and Power Company was a utility holding company formed in South Bend, Indiana and run since 1916 by its President, Clement Studebaker, Jr., of the family famous for the Studebaker automobiles.
 The utility company remained a major subsidiary of the North American Company, until that conglomerate's 1940s breakup by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
WGL Holdings, Inc., is a public utility holding company located in the United States that serves customers in the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia.
 The company's Washington Gas Light Company subsidiary distributes natural gas to more than one million customers.
John W. Rowe was the chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the energy corporation Exelon Corporation, a utility holding company headquartered in Chicago.
 Exelon has the largest market capitalization in the electric utility industry.
 Its retail affiliates serve 5.4 million customers in Illinois and Pennsylvania, and its generation affiliate operates the largest fleet of nuclear power plants in the nation.
The North American Company was a holding company incorporated in New Jersey on June 14, 1890, and controlled by Henry Villard, to succeed to the assets and property of the Oregon and Transcontinental Company.
 It owned public utilities and public transport companies and was broken up in 1946, largely to comply with the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.
TECO Energy Inc. is an energy-related holding company based in Tampa, Florida, providing electricity to the greater Tampa area and central Florida, and natural gas throughout the state of Florida through its subsidiaries Tampa Electric Company and Peoples Gas Company respectively.
 Another subsidiary, TECO Services, Inc., provides IT, HR, legal, facilities, and other common services to Tampa Electric, Peoples Gas, and former TECO subsidiary New Mexico Gas Company.
 On September 4, 2015, Emera, a utility holding company based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, announced the pending acquisition of TECO Energy.
 That purchase closed on July 1, 2016, and TECO Energy, Inc. is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Emera, Inc.
The Electric Bond and Share Company was originally a holding company that sold securities of electric utilities.
 It was created by General Electric in 1905.
 The company was restructured after the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.
 Later known as EBASCO Services, it provided engineering consulting and construction services.
 Among other projects EBASCO designed nuclear power plants.
 By the 1980s, EBASCO had three divisions: EBASCO Engineering, which provided engineering design and A/E services, EBASCO Environmental, which provided environmental engineering and science services, and EBASCO Constructors, which provided construction and construction management.
Spire Inc. () is a public utility holding company based in St. Louis, Missouri, providing natural gas service through its regulated core utility operations while engaging in non-regulated activities that provide business opportunities.
 Its primary subsidiary Laclede Gas Company is the largest natural gas distribution utility in Missouri, serving approximately 631,000 residential, commercial and industrial customers in the City of St. Louis and ten counties in eastern Missouri.
 Its corporate headquarters is located in the 700 Market building in downtown St. Louis.
