Character blogs are a type of blog written as though a fictional character, rather than an actual person, is making the blog post.
 There are many character blogs on the Internet, and it has recently become popular among TV show producers as a means of promoting their show.
 Sometimes these character blogs are done as a simple means of expression by fans or regular people unaffiliated with any professional media.
 In the current decade they have become an outlet for fans of TV show, movie, and comic book characters, to play with and interact with characters ranging from Star Wars and Star Trek to Superman, Spider-Man and even solo characters created by the blogger themselves and placed in one of the many fictional universes found in fiction.
Saurav Gurjar is an Indian professional wrestler, Sportsperson and actor.
 He is best known for his role as Bheem in the mythological TV show "Mahabharat".
 Recently he has appeared in tv Show Sankatmochan Mahabali Hanuman As a Ravana& Vali (Ramayana) aired on Sony tv.
 after Ramayan, after Mahabharat (2013 TV series) he acted/Anchor in Indonesia tv channel one of the popular tv show The New Eat Bulaga!
 Indonesia
Saurabh Pandey(born 11 May 1988) is an Indian Television and Bollywood actor.
 His debut TV show as lead was Siddharth Basu's first Fiction TV show Jiya Jale for 9X TV in (2007).
 He later played the role of Shaurya in his second TV show titled "Shaurya aur Suhani" for Star Plus channel.
 He also played the role of protagonist in shows like Tere Mere Sapne, Ganga Kii Dheej and Razia Sultan.
Pāvels Gumennikovs (born January 1, 1986) is a Latvian film director, actor, writer, and producer.
 He started his film career in China, where he directed his first film "Kaleidoscope" (2010) that won him a best young director and best film award in Chinese Young Film director Festival.
 After that he directed a movie "I love You Riga" that become 3rd highest grossing in a country and was one of the 2 films considered to be nomination for Oscar.
 It was the runner out at the end for Oscar nomination (2011) that become one of the most successful movies in Latvia and were screened in cinemas around the country and participated in European Film Festivals, after that he directed a critique very well received TV show "Yes Boss" (2012), that was proclaimed as best made show in Latvia for great acting and directing.
 It was a revolutionary TV Show for Latvia, as it was first TV Show shoot in outside locations with scale of Hollywood TV Show production.
 The TV Show was shown on Muz-TV channel and TV5 and was seen by 300,000 people online.
Alegrías De Mediodía (English Midday Happiness) was a TV show broadcast by Canal de las Estrellas.
 It is a TV show aimed to young audience, set in Mexico.
 This show was broadcast in 1980.
 This was the first time ever Lucero starred in front of the TV cameras.
 She went to the casting for this show and she immediately started working on it.
 It started on 17 February 1980, and was broadcast from Monday to Friday from 3:30 to 4 in the afternoon through the TV channel Canal De Las Estrellas ("The Star's Channel").
Ashish Sharma is an Indian film and television actor.
 He is recognized for his roles as Lord Ram in the TV show "Siya Ke Ram" , as Major Rudra Pratap Ranawat in the TV show "Rangrasiya" and as "Chandragupta Maurya" in "Chandragupta Maurya TV Show" on NDTV-Imagine TV.
Shweta Munshi is an Indian television actress, played the leading role of Avni in Maayke Se Bandhi Dor on Star Plus TV channel.
 Previously, she played the role of Arpita in the most famous Zee TV show, Punar Vivah.
 Currently Shweta Munshi is playing the character of Aditya Redij’s wife Prabha in Zee TV show Bandhan
Ali Asgar is an Indian actor and stand-up comedian.He has appeared in many Indian TV serials and movies and was helped by macline castelino to grow in the industry.
 He is currently doing a role of pushpa Nani in "The Kapil Sharma Show."
 Asgar appeared as Kamal Agarwal in Star Plus TV show "Kahaani Ghar Ghar Ki".
 He also appeared in SAB TV's show F.I.R. as Inspector Raj Aryan.
 He is commonly known for his role in Colors TV show "Comedy Nights with Kapil" as Dadi.
Shermaine Santiago (born February 15, 1980 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipina actress, TV show host, and singer.
 She appeared in a lot of hit TV shows from GMA Network such as "Best Friends", "Beh Bote Nga", "Te Amo, Maging Sino Ka Man", "Mulawin", "Impostora", "MariMar", "", "Anna KareNina" and "Carmela".
 She was also a co-host in the longest-running late-night variety TV show in the Philippines, "Walang Tulugan with the Master Showman" in which she showcase her talent in singing and hosting.
 Along with German Moreno and John Nite, she was one of the longest-serving hosts of the show.
 Santiago is also currently appearing in the hit TV show, "Mulawin vs. Ravena".
The 1997 season of the astronomy TV show starring Jack Horkheimer started on January 6, 1997.
 Towards the end of this season, the show title changed from "Jack Horkheimer: Star Hustler" to "Jack Horkheimer: Star Gazer".
 The change occurred for the November 10, 1997 episode because people complained that Internet searches for the show were turning up the adult magazine "Hustler" instead of the TV show itself.
