The Last Stand is a 2013 American action film directed by South Korean film director Kim Jee-woon in his American directorial debut.
 The film stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Johnny Knoxville, Forest Whitaker, Jaimie Alexander and Rodrigo Santoro and was written by Andrew Knauer.
 This was Arnold Schwarzenegger's first lead acting role since "" in 2003.
 The film focuses on a tough small town sheriff and his deputies who must stop a dangerous drug lord from escaping to Mexico in a modified sports car.
Timothy Peter "Tim" Lambesis (born November 21, 1980) is an American extreme metal musician, producer, and convicted felon, best known as the founding member and lead vocalist of American metalcore band As I Lay Dying.
 He also had a solo/side thrash metal project in tribute to actor Arnold Schwarzenegger, Austrian Death Machine, in which he performed all the instruments.
 He also formed a death metal band called Pyrithion and played guitar for Society's Finest and Point of Recognition.
Jonny Fair is an American jazz/folk singer/crooner, musician, actor and composer.
 Fair composed and performed the music and acted in the 2007 motion picture "Gordon Glass" starring Omar Benson Miller.
 Fair also acted as the sidewalk cafe Maitre D' in the opening sequence of the 2002 motion picture "Collateral Damage" starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and as the post match reporter in the 2001 made-for-TV movie "When Billie Beat Bobby" starring Ron Silver.
Thal (] ) is a small village in Austria about 3.2 km west from the edge of Graz, Austria's second largest city.
 Its population in the 2014 census was 2,240.
 It is the birthplace of actor, bodybuilder, and the 38th Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger, who lived in Thal until 1966 at age 19.
 On July 2011, Schwarzenegger opened his childhood house as the Arnold Schwarzenegger Museum.
 It also boasts a modern church.
Dynamite was a magazine for children founded by Jenette Kahn and published by Scholastic Inc. from 1974 until 1992.
 The magazine changed the fortunes of the company, becoming the most successful publication in its history and inspiring two similar periodicals for Scholastic, "Wow" and "Bananas".
 Kahn edited the first three issues of "Dynamite".
 The next 109 issues were edited by Jane Stine, wife of children's author R. L. Stine, followed by Linda Williams Aber (aka "Magic Wanda").
 The writer-editor staff was future children's book writer Ellen Weiss, future novelist-lawyer Alan Rolnick and future screenwriter-playwright Mark Saltzman.
 The first issue, "Dynamite" #1, was dated March 1974 and featured the characters Hawkeye and Radar from the television series "M*A*S*H".
 The final issue, "Dynamite" #165, was dated March 1992 and featured actress Julia Roberts and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Conan The Adventurer is a weekly one hour American television live action-adventure series.
 It was produced by Max A. Keller and Micheline Keller from 1997 to 1998 and loosely based on the fantasy hero Conan the Barbarian.
 The TV show premiered on September 22, 1997.
 It comprised 22 episodes and was filmed mainly in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
 The series has reached many countries of the world, more than 150.
 Keller Entertainment Group, the same production company responsible for the series "" and "Acapulco H.E.A.T.", continues to market and distribute the series worldwide and the series has longevity among international broadcasters and DVD aggregators.
 The role of Conan was played by Ralf Moeller (AKA Rolf Muller), two time Mr. Universe, a native of Germany, and friend to Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 The rest of the ensemble cast included Danny Woodburn (Otli), Robert McRay (Zzeben), T.J. Storm (Bayu), Aly Dunne (Karella), and briefly, Andrew Craig (Vulkar).
 The script for the 2 hour pilot was written by Steve Hayes, the head of Project Development for the series.
 The show was not promoted to be "authentic Conan", but rather a mixture of Arnold Schwarzenegger's and John Milius' interpretation of Conan.
 Indeed, the storyline deviated from the essence of the Conan character, as well as that of the Conan earlier depicted in the various Conan comic book series by Marvel Comics, because the adaptation was too peaceful and childish.
"I'll be back" is a catchphrase commonly associated with characters played by actor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Proposition 49 was a proposition in the state of California on the November 5, 2002 ballot.
 The official title was "The After School Education and Safety Program Act of 2002."
 The proposition passed with 3,946,448 (56.7%) votes in favor and 3,023,433 (43.3%) against.
 It was placed on the ballot through the initiative process.
 The proposition was heavily pushed and backed by actor Arnold Schwarzenegger, and its passage marked his first political success.
That Guy Dick Miller is a 2014 documentary that was directed by Elijah Drenner.
 The film had its world premiere on March 7, 2014 at South by Southwest and looks into the life and career of character actor Dick Miller.
 Funding for the film was raised through a successful Kickstarter campaign.
The IFBB Arnold Sports Festival, also known as the Arnold Schwarzenegger Sports Festival is an annual multi-sport event consisting of professional bodybuilding ("Arnold Classic"), strongman ("Arnold Strongman Classic"), fitness, figure and bikini weekend expo.
 It was established in 1989 and is named after Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 The main event is held annually around late February or early March in Columbus, Ohio, United States by the International Federation of BodyBuilding & Fitness (IFBB).
 It is the second most prestigious event in professional men's bodybuilding, physique, figure and bikini; as well as formerly the second most prestigious event in professional female bodybuilding.
