Jackie Kessler (born December 8, 1970) is the American author of the "Hell on Earth" urban fantasy paranormal romance series published by Kensington/Zebra.
 To date, the books include "Hell's Belles" (January 2007; mass-market reissue in September 2008), "The Road to Hell" (November 2007) and "Hotter Than Hell" (August 2008), as well as a tie-in novella in the anthology, "Eternal Lover" (April 2008).
 She has had numerous short stories published in various magazines, including "Realms of Fantasy" and "Farthing".
 In 2009, Kessler published the superhero novel "Black and White" with co-author Caitlin Kittredge.
 The sequel, "Shades of Gray", was released in 2010.
Passion is the third novel in the "Fallen" series written by Lauren Kate.
 It is a young adult, fantasy, paranormal romance published in 2011 under Delacorte Press.
 It continues the story of Lucinda Price who, at the end of Torment, decides to find out more about her past lives by stepping through an Announcer, ignoring Daniel's plea to stop.
 Daniel, a fallen angel, decides to follow her, promising to find and rescue her.
 Before Luce and Daniel met at Sword & Cross, before they fought the Immortals, they had already lived many lives.
 And so Luce, desperate to unlock the curse that condemns their love, must revisit her past incarnations in order to understand her fate.
 Each century, each life, holds a different clue.
 But Daniel is chasing her throughout the centuries before she has a chance to rewrite history.
Torment is the second novel in the "Fallen" series written by Lauren Kate.
 It is a young adult, fantasy, paranormal romance published in 2010 under Delacorte Press.
 It continues the story of Lucinda Price, who is cursed by being reincarnated every 17 years after involving herself in a romantic relationship with a fallen angel named Daniel.
 Something seems to be different during this lifetime, and Daniel is determined to keep Luce safe from hostile forces while he teams up with other angels and demons in an eighteen-day long truce.
 He installs Luce at the prestigious Shoreline school in Northern California, where she meets a number of nephilim students who have yet to choose between good and evil.
 Luce is frustrated by Daniel's unwillingness to be honest with her and is determined to discover the truth on her own.
 The book still revolves mostly around the concept of religion, fallen angels and reincarnation with the introduction of shadow travel.
Terry Spear born in Sacramento, California, is an award-winning American author who specializes in writing paranormal romance novels and medieval romance novels for both adults and teen audiences.
 Her werewolf paranormal romance series started with Heart of the Wolf which "Publishers Weekly" named as one of their Best Books of the Year, 2008.
 She is also the author of the jaguar shifter series, Heart of the Jaguar which started in 2012 with the novel Savage Hunger and the cougar shifter series, Heart of Cougar which is self-published.
Amanda Havard (born June 10, 1986) is an American writer of young adult fiction, songwriter, Creative Director of the Immersedition™ transmedia studio, the creators of the Immersedition™ interactive book apps.
 Havard is most recognized for the paranormal romance series, "The Survivors", a five book series featuring history, mythology, and paranormal beings like witches, vampires, and shapeshifters.
Fallen is the first novel in the "Fallen" series written by Lauren Kate.
 It is a young adult, fantasy, paranormal romance published in 2009 under Delacorte Press.
 The novel revolves around a young girl named Lucinda Price who is sent to Sword & Cross Reform School in Savannah, Georgia, after she is accused of murdering a boy by starting a fire.
 At the reform school, she meets Daniel, a handsome boy whom she feels inexplicably drawn to, and believes that she has already met before.
 The book revolves mostly around the concept of religion, fallen angels and reincarnation.
Grimm's Circle is a paranormal romance series by author Shiloh Walker, an American romance author.
 The first book in the series came out in 2009.
 The characters, known as the Grimm, are based on characters from common fairy tales and folklore and are written as guardian angels who fight demons The books are published by Samhain Publishing.
Jeffe Kennedy is a fantasy and erotic romance author who has published 19 novels, including the fantasy romance series "The Twelve Kingdoms" from Kensington Books.
 Her novel "The Pages of the Mind" won the 2017 RITA Award for Best Paranormal Romance.
Undead is a paranormal romance book series that is written by MaryJanice Davidson and published through Berkley Books.
 The series was first launched in 2004 with the publication of "Undead and Unwed", and as of 2015 there are fourteen books in the series.
 Davidson attributes the popularity of the series to the absurdism, tone, and believability of the characters.
 The series was a reaction to what Davidson saw as cliches and unrealistic characters in paranormal romance novels.
Paranormal romance is a subgenre of both romantic fiction and speculative fiction.
 Paranormal romance focuses on romantic love and includes elements beyond the range of scientific explanation, blending together themes from the speculative fiction genres of fantasy, science fiction, and horror.
 Paranormal romance may range from traditional category romances, such as those published by Harlequin Mills & Boon, with a paranormal setting to stories where the main emphasis is on a science fiction or fantasy-based plot with a romantic subplot included.
 Common hallmarks are romantic relationships between humans and vampires, shapeshifters, ghosts, and other entities of a fantastic or otherworldly nature.
