Tailgate Clothing Company, Corp. is a private clothing company with design offices in New York City, NY and distribution in Ankeny, IA.
 The company was established in 1997 by Todd Snyder and Steve King as a multi-tier lifestyle clothing company that appeals to the 18- to 30-year-old male and female consumer and is sold in retailers in the USA and Japan.
 The company designs and manufactures its products for sale in specialty boutiques like Fred Segal, Scoop, American Rag, and E Street Denim.
 Their products are also sold in larger retailers like Saks and Barneys.
The unification of Romania and Moldova (Romanian: "Unirea Republicii Moldova cu România" ) is a popular concept in the two countries beginning with the late 1980s, during the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
 The Romanian Revolution in 1989 and the independence of Moldova in 1991 further contributed to the development of a movement for the unification of the two Romanian-speaking countries.
 The question of reunification is recurrent in the public sphere of the two countries, often as a speculation, both as a goal and a danger.
 The idea, while widespread in Romania, is only supported by a minority in Moldova.
Sophie Mechaly, previously known as Sophie Albou (born in 1967) is a Paris-born designer best known as the founder of the Paul & Joe clothing line.
 The daughter of Yvan and Nicole Haggiag, a clothing company executive and designer respectively, Mechaly was educated at the Sorbonne and the Institut Français de la Mode before going to work for the clothing company Azzedine Alaia in 1983.
Malawi–Mozambique relations refers to the current and historical relationship between the countries of Malawi and Mozambique.
 As Malawi shares a large border with Mozambique, much of the substance of their foreign relations pertain to the border separating the two nations.
 Both of the sovereign states have amicably agreed that lacustrine borders on Lake Malawi remain the largest priority between the two countries, as the exploitation of natural resources within the waters of Lake Malawi remain an issue the two countries continue to resolve.
 The moment considered an act of generosity and sympathy within the two countries relations is when, during the Mozambique Civil War, Malawi housed over one million Mozambican refugees between 1985 and 1995.
 After this gesture, Malawian relations with Mozambique crumbled under the tenure of Bingu wa Mutharika, notoriously reaching a nadir when Malawian police launched a raid into Mozambique's territory.
Golf Wang, or Golf, is an American clothing company started in 2010 by rapper Tyler, the Creator of the hip-hop collective Odd Future.
 The company sells clothing, which is designed by Tyler.
 The name is a spoonerism of Wolf Gang.
 Collections are usually released twice a year, for Spring/Summer and for Fall/Winter.
 These are known as 'drops'.
 The same idea is used by the clothing company Supreme.
France–United Kingdom relations are the relations between the governments of the French Republic and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (UK).
 The historical ties between the two countries are long and complex, including conquest, wars, and alliances at various points in history.
 The Roman era saw both areas, except Scotland and Northern Ireland, conquered by Rome, whose fortifications exist in both countries to this day, and whose writing system introduced a common alphabet to both areas; however, the language barrier remained.
 The Norman conquest of England in 1066 decisively shaped English history, as well as the English language.
 In the medieval period, the countries were often bitter enemies, with both nations' monarchs claiming control over France.
 The Hundred Years' War stretched from 1337 to 1453 resulting in French victory.
 Britain and France fought a series of five major wars , culminating in the Coalition victory over Napoleon in 1815.
 After that there were some tensions, but peace generally prevailed and as the 19th century progressed, the relationship became better.
 Closer ties between the two began with the 1904 Entente cordiale, particularly via the alliances in World War I and World War II, wherein both countries fought against Germany, and in the latter conflict British armies helped to liberate occupied France from the Nazis.
 Both nations opposed the Soviet Union during the Cold War and were founding members of NATO.
 In recent years the two countries have experienced a quite close relationship, especially on defence and foreign policy issues; the two countries tend, however, to disagree on a range of other matters, most notably the European Union.
 The British press relishes the chance to refer to France and Britain as "historic rivals" or emphasize the perceived ever-lasting competition that still opposes the two countries.
Luciano Barbera is a high-end men’s clothing company that originated in Biella, Italy, a town and comune in the northern Italian region of Piedmont, the capital of the province of the same name.
 Luciano Barbera has offices and design in Biella, Italy to this day.
 Prior to producing a clothing company, the Barbera family owned and operated the Carlo Barbera Mill, also in Biella, Italy.
Groupe Dynamite is a Canada-based clothing company.
 It was founded in 1975 as The Garage Clothing Company.
 This group creates, designs, markets and distributes from its Head Office located in Montreal, Quebec, and operates over 400 stores from coast to coast, the United States and abroad, with more than 6,000 employees.
Yvan Rodic also known as "FaceHunter", is a Swiss street style-photographer who travels the world photographing people at cultural events and fashion events.
 In February 2006, he began posting the results online and since then he's contributed to brands like Armani, Esprit and Volvo.
 He published two books "FaceHunter" (2010)and "A Year in The Life of FaceHunter" (2013) (published by Thames & Hudson).
Britanna Clothing Company is a United Kingdom clothing company.
