The Air Pollution Control Act of 1955 (Pub.L.
 84–159 , ch.
 360, 69 Stat.
 322 ) was the first Clean Air Act (United States) enacted by Congress to address the national environmental problem of air pollution on July 14, 1955.
 This was "an act to provide research and technical assistance relating to air pollution control".
 The act "left states principally in charge of prevention and control of air pollution at the source".
 The act declared that air pollution was a danger to public health and welfare, but preserved the "primary responsibilities and rights of the states and local government in controlling air pollution".
The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) of India is a statutory organisation under the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEF&CC).
 It was established in 1974 under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974.
 CPCB is also entrusted with the powers and functions under the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981.
 It serves as a field formation and also provides technical services to the Ministry of Environment and Forests under the provisions of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986.
 It Co-ordinates the activities of the State Pollution Control Boards by providing technical assistance and guidance and also resolves disputes among them.
 It is the apex organisation in country in the field of pollution control, as a technical wing of MoEF.
 The board is led by its chairman, who is nominated by the Central Government.
 The current acting chairman is "Shri S.P. Singh Parihar IAS ".
John Phillip Feldmeier is an attorney with the Cincinnati, Ohio law firm of Sirkin, Kinsley, & Nazzarine (a spin-off of the now-dissolved Sirkin, Pinales, & Schwartz LLP), where he practices in the areas of criminal defense and first amendment litigation.
 He served as co-counsel for the Free Speech Coalition, along with H. Louis Sirkin and Laura A. Abrams, in Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition, in which the United States Supreme Court struck down the "appears to be a minor" and "conveys the impression of a minor" provisions of the Child Pornography Prevention Act of 1996.
 Feldmeier represented Beth Lewis in the Ohio Supreme Court case concerning attorney–client privilege in connection to the Erica Baker missing child investigation.
 In 2003, he testified before the United States House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security regarding the Child Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act of 2003, part of the PROTECT Act of 2003.
 In 2007, Feldmeier authored a friend-of-the-court brief on behalf of the Free Speech Coalition in the U.S. v Williams case, the contents of which were the subject of much of the focus of the opinions of both the majority and dissent.
The Arctic Waters Pollution Prevention Act (1970, R.S.C. 1985) is a Government of Canada statute to prevent pollution of areas of the arctic waters adjacent to the mainland and islands of the Canadian arctic.
 The federal departments responsible for enforcing this Act is Natural Resources Canada, Transport Canada, Indian and Northern Affairs Canada.
Since its establishment in May 2006, the Institute of Public & Environmental Affairs (IPE), a registered non-profit organization based in Beijing, China, has developed the China Pollution Map Database to monitor corporate environmental performance, pinpoint geographical locations of pollution sources and to act as an informational platform on regional pollution status, such as water and air quality, and pollutant discharge rankings.
 This publicly available information resource brings together over 97,000 environmental supervision records from government departments, at all levels and regions, throughout mainland China.
 These records, dating back as far as 2004, allow for the expansion of environmental information disclosure, enabling communities to fully understand the hazards and risks in the surrounding environment, thus promoting widespread public participation in environmental governance.
The Fires Prevention Act 1838 (1 & 2 Vict c 75) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
 It amended the provisions of the Fires Prevention Act 1785, which related to manufactories of tar, pitch and turpentine, by enacting that the penalty of £100 inflicted to the owners or occupiers of such buildings by that Act would only be applied when the building was within 75 feet of another building.
 If the adjacent building was occupied by the same tenant, and the whole premises were more than 75 feet from any other building, the penalty would not apply.
 It also established that no person would be liable for any penalties under that Act until January 1839, with proprietors or occupiers of such buildings remaining exempt until August 1840.
The Pollution Prevention Act of 1990 (PPA) in the United States created a national policy to have pollution prevented or reduced at the source wherever possible.
 It also expanded the Toxics Release Inventory.
The Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 is an Act of the Parliament of Canada, whose goal is to contribute to sustainable development through pollution prevention and to protect the environment, human life and health from the risks associated with toxic substances.
 It covers a diversity of activities that can affect human health and the environment, and acts to address any pollution issues not covered by other federal laws.
 As such, CEPA 1999 is a "catch all" piece of legislation that ensures potentially toxic substances are not inadvertently exempt from federal oversight as a result of unforeseen legislative loopholes.
Planning Policy Statement 23: Planning and Pollution Control commonly abbreviated as PPS 23, is a document produced by the British Government and intended to complement the new pollution control framework under the Pollution Prevention and Control Act 1999 and the PPC Regulations 2000.
 The current version was introduced in November 2004 and replaced Revised PPG 23: Planning and Pollution Control (published 1994).
Pollution prevention reduces the amount of pollution generated by industry, agriculture, or consumers.
 In contrast to most pollution control strategies,which seek to manage a pollutant after it is emitted and reduce its impact upon the environment, the pollution prevention approach seeks to increase the efficiency of a process, the reducing the amount of pollution generated at its source.
 Although there is wide agreement that source reduction is the preferred strategy, some professionals also use the term pollution prevention.
