Hans Gustav Adolf Gross (December 12, 1847, Graz – December 9, 1915, Graz) was an Austrian criminal jurist and an examining magistrate.
 He is believed to be the creator of the field of criminalistics and is to this day seen as the father of Criminal Investigation; he taught as a professor at the Chernivtsi University, Prague University and the University of Graz.
 He was also the father of the Austrian psychoanalyst Otto Gross.
Mount Barney is a mountain within the Scenic Rim Region in south-east Queensland, Australia.
 It lies approximately 130 km south-west of Brisbane, not far from the Queensland - New South Wales border, and forms part of the McPherson Range.
 It is a popular destination for bushwalkers and campers.
 Mount Barney is the sixth or seventh highest mountain in Queensland and is often regarded as one of the most impressive parts of the Scenic Rim.
 The mountain consists of two main peaks, (East Peak and the slightly higher West Peak), and smaller subsidiary peaks.
 East Peak is probably the most popular destination for bushwalkers.
McCarren Park is a public park in Brooklyn, New York City.
 It is located in Greenpoint, Brooklyn and is bordered by Nassau Avenue, Bayard Street, Lorimer Street and North 12th Street.
 It is operated by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.
 Opened in 1906 and originally named Greenpoint Park, the park was renamed McCarren Park in 1909 after State Senator Patrick H. McCarren (1849-1909), who began work as a cooper at Williamsburg sugar refineries and eventually became the Democratic boss of Brooklyn.
 The park is a popular destination for recreational softball, volleyball, soccer, handball, and other games.
 It is also used for sunbathing and dog-walking.
 In late 2004, the park's track was resurfaced and has been a popular destination for running enthusiasts.
The Enchanted Valley Chalet is a backcountry lodge in Olympic National Park.
 The chalet was built in 1931 by Tom E. Criswell, his son Glen and the Olson family of Quinault whose Olympic Recreation Company operated it as a destination lodge deep up the Quinault River Valley, about 13 mi from the nearest road access.
 Under the Olson’s ownership through the 1930s, and for decades under the National Park Service, the chalet has endured as a destination in its own right.
 It was a popular destination for hikers and horse tours through the 1940s.
 In 1943, the chalet was closed as an accommodation.
 It was used for a short period as an Aircraft Warning Service station during World War II, watching for Japanese airplanes.
 It did not reopen until 1953, after the National Park Service had purchased the Olympic Recreation Company's holdings in 1951, having purchased the Chalet itself in 1939.
 After a period of neglect, the chalet was restored in 1983-84.
 It was one of four such accommodations built by the Olympic Recreation Company and the Olympic Chalet Company; Low Divide Chalet, Nine Mile Shelter, Graves Creek Inn and the Enchanted Valley Chalet.
 Of the four, only the Enchanted Valley Chalet and the bathhouse at Low Divide remain.
Curecanti National Recreation Area is a National Park Service unit located on the Gunnison River in western Colorado.
 Established in 1965, Curecanti is responsible for developing and managing recreational facilities on three reservoirs, Blue Mesa Reservoir, Morrow Point Reservoir and Crystal Reservoir, constructed on the upper Gunnison River in the 1960s by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation to better utilize the vital waters of the Colorado River and its major tributaries.
 A popular destination for boating and fishing, Curecanti offers visitors two marinas, traditional and group campgrounds, hiking trails, boat launches, and boat-in campsites.
 The state's premiere lake trout and Kokanee salmon fisheries, Curecanti is a popular destination for boating and fishing, and is also a popular area for ice-fishing in the winter months.
Atco is a small unincorporated community on the northwestern side of Cartersville in southern Bartow County, Georgia, United States.
 There are numerous baseball and soccer complexes in the area, primarily along Sugar Valley and Cassville Roads, making it a popular destination for subdivisions.
 The community derived its name from the American Textile Company, which built a mill in the community.
The Santa Barbara International Marathon and Half Marathon is a road race in Southern California.
 The race was first run in 1965 and was one of the first marathons in California.
 Since Santa Barbara itself is a popular tourist destination, it is also becoming a popular destination marathon.
Monte Verità (literally Hill of Truth) is a hill (350 m high) in Ascona (Swiss canton of Ticino), which has served as the site of many different Utopian and cultural events and communities since the beginning of the twentieth century, having started out as a popular destination for Wandervogel hikers during the Lebensreform period.
Coles Point is an unincorporated community in Westmoreland County, in the U. S. state of Virginia.
 Coles Point is part of the Northern Neck of Virginia and lies on a peninsula the juts out into the Chesapeake Bay on its East side and is flanked by the Potomac River to the North and the Rappahannock.
 River to the South.
 Coles Point Marina, www.colespointmarina.com, is a destination marina located on the water at Coles Point about 15 minutes from Montross, VA.
 Coles Point is a popular destination for visitors who enjoy boating, fishing & crabbing and there are many vacation homes here.
 Many Coles Point locals are involved in commercial fishing trade and primarily focused on blue crabs, striped bass (rockfish) and shellfish.
Moonstone, Ontario (part of Oro-Medonte township) is a small and tight-knit community nestled in the Northern stretch of Ontario's Simcoe County.
 Moonstone is centrally located; just a 20 minute drive to Barrie, 15 minute drive to Orillia, 25 minute drive to Midland, or a short 5 minute drive to the nearby town of Coldwater.
 Moonstone is also easily accessible via HWY 400, and is a popular destination for skiers, snowboarders and winter enthusiasts visiting nearby Mount St. Louis Moonstone Ski Resort.
 The community itself boasts an adorable elementary school (home of the Mustangs), and a beautiful and well-maintained community park which includes basketball courts, climbing structures, swings, and a football field.
 Moonstone is rich with wildlife and is a great place to find a trail for a hike, or a walk, and is also a biker's haven with smooth roads and lots of challenging hills for training.
 The community is quite active on social media, and its members host a variety of annual events including a Santa Claus parade, easter egg hunt, and community garage sales.
 Moonstone offers the convenience of easy access to cities and towns nearby, with all amenities and attractions, while providing a quiet lifestyle, full of nature and life outdoors for families to explore.
