Operalia, The World Opera Competition is an annual international competition for young opera singers.
 Founded in 1993 by Plácido Domingo, the competition has helped launch the careers of several important artists, such as Joseph Calleja, Giuseppe Filianoti, Rolando Villazón, José Cura, Joyce DiDonato, Elizabeth Futral, Inva Mula, Ana María Martínez and Sonya Yoncheva.
Prof. Liao Changyong (; born October 25, 1968), sometimes referred in Western media as C. Y. Liao or Changyong Liao, is a Chinese operatic baritone and academic.
 He won first prize in three different international competitions in 1996 and 1997: the Operalia, The World Opera Competition; the French International Toulouse Singing Competition; and the Queen Sonja International Music Competition.
 While his performance career has mainly been in China, he has appeared as a guest artist with opera companies and orchestras internationally.
 He is the head of the voice department at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music.
Ao Li (born 8 February 1988) is a Chinese operatic bass-baritone and voice teacher who is particularly known for his performances at the San Francisco Opera.
 In 2013 he won first prize in the Operalia, The World Opera Competition and in 2014 he won the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions.
Andrea Carroll is an American soprano who has had an active international career in concerts and operas since 2012.
 A finalist in the 2015 Operalia, The World Opera Competition, she is particularly known for her performances with the Houston Grand Opera and the Vienna State Opera.
Rachel Willis-Sørensen (born 1984) is an American operatic soprano.
 She was a winner of the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions in 2010.
 In 2014, she won first prize, the Birgit Nilsson Prize, and the Zarzuela Prize of the Operalia competition.
 Other awards include first place in the 2009 Eleanor McCollum Competition for Young Singers in Houston and the 2010 Sara Tucker Grant from the Richard Tucker Music Foundation.
Guanqun Yu (; born 1982) is a Chinese soprano who has sung in opera houses and concert halls internationally.
 In 2008 she won the Belvedere International Singing Competition and in 2012 she placed 2nd in the Operalia, The World Opera Competition.
 She is particularly known for portraying heroines in the operas of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Giacomo Puccini, and Giuseppe Verdi.
Bogdan Volkov is a Russian operatic tenor.
 Born in Ukraine, one of the most young talented tenors of his generation.
 He is the winner of second prize at Plácido Domingo’s Operalia, The World Opera Competition in Guadalajara, Mexico in 2016 and first prize at the Paris Opera Competition in 2015.
Maria Katzarava (born 1984) is an opera singer from Mexico who achieved international fame by winning first place in the Operalia competition in the opera and zarzuela categories.
 Prior to this, she came to the attention of notable Mexican tenor Ramón Vargas, who helped her get a scholarship, and then won Mexico's Carlo Morelli national singing competition in 2005, which earned her a debut at the Palacio de Bellas Artes.
 Since winning the Operalia competition, Katzarava has performed in Europe, where she currently lives, Asia and the Americas.
 She currently trains with soprano Mirella Freni.
Joseph Calleja, (born 22 January 1978 in Attard), is a Maltese tenor.
 He began singing at the age of 16, having been discovered by tenor Brian Cefai and continued his studies with Paul Asciak.
 At 19, he made his operatic debut as Macduff in Verdi's "Macbeth" at the Astra Theatre in Gozo and went on to become a prize winner at the Belvedere Hans Gabor Competition the same year.
 In 1998, he won the Caruso Competition in Milan and was a prize winner in Plácido Domingo's Operalia International Opera Competition in 1999.
Joseph Kaiser is a Canadian operatic tenor.
 In 2005, he won second prize in Plácido Domingo's Operalia International Opera Competition while competing as a baritone.
 The judges were keen to his talents and potential as a tenor, and proposed that he make the switch to tenor.
 He has performed as a soloist with the New York Metropolitan Opera, making his debut in October 2007 as Roméo in Charles Gounod's "Roméo et Juliette".
 In November he returned to the Met sing the role of Tamino Mozart's "Die Zauberflöte".
