The McDowell Mountain Range (Yavapai: Wi:kajasa) is located about twenty miles north-east of downtown Phoenix, Arizona, and may be seen from most places throughout the city.
 The range is composed of miocene deposits left nearly five million years ago.
 The McDowells share borders with the cities of Fountain Hills, Scottsdale, and Maricopa County.
 The city of Scottsdale has made its share of the McDowells a preserve, and has set up a wide trail network in partnership with the McDowell Sonoran Conservancy.
 The McDowell Sonoran Conservancy was established in 1991.
 The highest peak in the McDowells is East End, at 4,069 ft .
 This mountain range also serves as a sacred marker to the Yavapai people.
 The boundaries of the range are generally defined by Saddleback Mountain in the South and Granite Mountain as the Northern boundary.
 The McDowells also comprise popular landmarks such as Pinnacle Peak and Tom's Thumb.
 Although technically a stand-alone, Mt. McDowell (referred to as Red Mountain by Phoenix residents), not to be confused with McDowell Peak, is sometimes listed on maps as a part of the McDowell Mountains.
Elk Hill, also known as North Knob at its highest point or Elk Mountain, is a mountain in Herrick Township, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania.
 It is the highest peak in eastern Pennsylvania, east of the Susquehanna River, as well as the highest peak on the Allegheny Plateau.
 Elk Hill rises conspicuously above the surrounding landscape.
 The mountain actually has two peaks; the main summit of North Knob is 2693 ft , and the lower summit known as South Knob is 2602 ft .
 It is home to Elk Mountain Ski Area which has a 1000 ft vertical drop and 27 ski trails.
The Chehalem Mountains are a mountain range located in the Willamette Valley in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 Forming the southern boundary of the Tualatin Valley, the Chehalems are the highest mountains in the Willamette Valley.
 Composed of a single land mass that was uplifted by tectonic forces, the mountain range includes several spurs and ridges such as Parrett Mountain, Ribbon Ridge, and Bald Peak.
 The range extends from the Willamette River east of Newberg northwest to the foothills of the Oregon Coast Range south of Forest Grove.
 The highest peak in the Chehalem Mountain Range is Bald Peak, rising to 1629 ft , which is also the highest peak point within the Willamette Valley.
A signal mountain or signal peak is a mountain suited to sending and receiving visual signals, either from its topographic prominence and isolation or from being located where signal communications are most needed.
 For example, Tennessee's Signal Mountain was used by Native Americans to send fire and smoke signals across the Tennessee Valley.
 It was also used by the Union Army as a visual communications station during the American Civil War.
 Mount Lassic in California has low prominence but is also known as Signal Peak due to the heliograph station that was located on this peak around 1900.
 And the highest peak in the Pine Valley Range, Utah's Signal Peak, is "supposedly named because of its use in World War II when beacons were placed on the mountain to guide airplanes at night."
The Haiyang Mountains (), in ancient times known as ""Yanghai Mountains"" () form a mountain range in the northeastern Guangxi separating West River drainage basin of the Xi River from the Xiang River drainage basin of the Yangtze River.
 The mountain range is located between Yuecheng Mountains and Dupang Mountains of Nanling Mountain Range, it is a major mountain range in Guilin, Guanxi, China.
 It runs south to north through Guanyang, Quanzhou, Xing'an, Lingchuan, Gongcheng and Yangshuo six counties.
 With a width of 35 km to 40 km , the Haiyang Mountains stretch more than 97 km from Yangshuo to Quanzhou.
 The highest peak is "Baogai Hill" (宝界岭) with an elevation of 1935.8 m .
The Huachuca Mountain range is part of the Sierra Vista Ranger District of the Coronado National Forest.
 The Huachuca Mountains are located in Cochise County, Arizona approximately 70 mi south-southeast of Tucson and southwest of the city of Sierra Vista, Arizona.
 Included in this area is the highest peak in the Huachucas, Miller Peak, and the region of the Huachucas known as Canelo Hills in eastern Santa Cruz County.
 The mountains range in elevation from 3934 ft at the base to 9466 ft at the top of Miller Peak.
 The second highest peak in this range is Carr Peak, elevation 9200 ft .
 The Huachuca Mountain area is owned principally by the USDA Forest Service (Coronado National Forest) (41%), the U.S. Army (Fort Huachuca) (20%), and private land (32%).
 Sierra Vista is the main population center (41,908 inhabitants as of 2005 Census).
The Balkan mountain range (Bulgarian and , Latin Serbian Stara planina, "Old Mountain"; ] ; ] ) is a mountain range in the eastern part of the Balkan Peninsula.
 The Balkan range runs 560 km from the Vrashka Chuka Peak on the border between Bulgaria and Serbia eastward through central Bulgaria to Cape Emine on the Black Sea.
 The highest peaks of the Balkan Mountains are in central Bulgaria.
 The highest peak is Botev at 2,376 m, which makes the mountain range the third highest in the country, after Rila and Pirin.
 The mountains are the source of the name of the Balkan Peninsula.
Huallanca or Wallanka (Quechua for "mountain range" and a cactus plant "(Opuntia subulata"), hispanicized spelling "Huallanca"), also known as Burro (Spanish for "donkey"), is a 5470 m ) high mountain in the Andes of Peru.
 It is the highest peak in the Wallanka mountain range.
 Wallanka is located in the Ancash Region, Bolognesi Province, in the districts of Aquia and Huallanca.
 It is situated in the northern half of the range, southeast of the Yanashallash pass and the peaks of Tankan, Ch'uspi and Tankanqucha.
 Kuntur Wayi lies southwest of it.
 Winchus 4795 m ) is the peak west of Wallanka at the Tuna Kancha valley.
Rila (Bulgarian: Рила , ] ) is a mountain range in southwestern Bulgaria and the highest mountain range of Bulgaria and the Balkans, with its highest peak being Musala at 2,925 m.
 The massif is also the sixth highest mountain in Europe (when each mountain is represented by its highest peak only), coming after the Caucasus, the Alps, Sierra Nevada, the Pyrenees and Mount Etna, and the highest between the Alps and the Caucasus.
 More than one-third of the mountain is occupied by the Rila National Park, the rest lies within the Rila Monastery Nature Park.
The Wind River Range (or "Winds" for short), is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in western Wyoming in the United States.
 The range runs roughly NW-SE for approximately 100 miles (161 km).
 The Continental Divide follows the crest of the range and includes Gannett Peak, which at 13,804 feet (4,207 m), is the highest peak in Wyoming.
 There are more than 40 other named peaks in excess of 13,000 feet (3,962 m).
 With the exception of the Grand Teton in the Teton Range, the next 19 highest peaks in Wyoming after Gannett are also in the Winds.
 Two large National Forests including three wilderness areas encompass most of the mountain range.
 Shoshone National Forest is on the eastern side of the continental divide while Bridger-Teton National Forest is on the west.
 Both National Forests and the entire mountain range are an integral part of the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem.
 Portions of the range are also inside the Wind River Indian Reservation.
