Mohammad Abdus Salam {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'NI, SPk, KBE', '4': "} (Punjabi, Urdu: ‎ ; ] ; 29 January 192621 November 1996), was a Pakistani theoretical physicist.
 A major figure in 20th century theoretical physics, he shared the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics with Sheldon Glashow and Steven Weinberg for his contribution to the electroweak unification theory.
 He was the first Pakistani and first Muslim to receive a Nobel Prize in science and the second from an Islamic country to receive any Nobel Prize (after Anwar Sadat of Egypt).
The House of Abdus Salam (Urdu: عبدالسلام کا گھر‎ ) is a Pakistani national monument.
 It housed Pakistani Professor Abdus Salam, a theoretical physicist who became the first Muslim and Pakistani to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1979.
Steven Weinberg (born May 3, 1933) is an American theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate in Physics for his contributions with Abdus Salam and Sheldon Glashow to the unification of the weak force and electromagnetic interaction between elementary particles.
The Abdus Salam School of Mathematical Sciences, abbreviated as AS-SMS, is an autonomous research institute affiliated with the Government College University Lahore, Punjab province of Pakistan.
 The institute is named after theoretical physicist and Nobel Laureate Professor Dr. Abdus Salam.
The Abdus Salam Medal (Official:Abdus Salam Medal for Science and Technology), is an award presented by TWAS, the academy of sciences for the developing world in Trieste.
 The Abdus Salam Medal was instituted in 1995 to honour the Academy's founder and first president, Nobel Laureate Professor Abdus Salam and is awarded to highly distinguished personalities who have served the cause of science in the Developing World.
The Abdus Salam Chair is an endowed academic chair at the Lahore University of Management Sciences named after Nobel Prize in Physics laureate Dr. Abdus Salam.
 In January 2017, Asad Abidi was named as the inaugural holder of the chair.
The Abdus Salam Chair in Physics, also known as Salam Chair in Physics, is an academic physics research institute of the Government College University at Lahore, Punjab province of Pakistan.
 Named after Pakistan's only Nobel Laureate, Abdus Salam, the institute is partnered with Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) and International Center for Theoretical Physics (ICTP).
 While it is a physics research institute, the institute is dedicated to the field of Theoretical and Mathematical physics.
The Edward Bouchet Abdus Salam Institute (EBASI) is a scientific organization with the aim of promoting collaboration between African and American physicists and encouraging the training of physicists from the African continent.
 The institution was founded by Nobel laureate in physics Abdus Salam in 1988, originally as the Edward A. Bouchet-ICTP Institute.
 The name honors Edward Bouchet, widely recognized as the first person of African descent to receive a Ph.D. in physics in the United States.
 The name was changed in 1998 to honor Salam, who died in 1996.
Bhasha Shaheed Abdus Salam Stadium (Bengali: ভাষা শহীদ আব্দুস সালাম স্টেডিয়াম ) also known as Shaheed Salam Stadium is a football stadium in Feni, Bangladesh.
 The stadium is named to honor the 1952 Bengali Language Movement martyr Abdus Salam.
 It is the home ground of Bangladesh Premier League (football) team Feni Soccer Club.
The Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP) is an international research institute for physical and mathematical sciences that operates under a tripartite agreement between the Italian Government, United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), and International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
 It is located near the Miramare Park, about 10 kilometres from the city of Trieste, Italy.
 The centre was founded in 1964 by Pakistani Nobel Laureate Abdus Salam.
