"Feliz Navidad" (] ) is a macaronic Christmas song written in 1970 by the Puerto Rican singer and songwriter José Feliciano.
 With its simple Spanish chorus (the traditional Christmas/New Year greeting, "Feliz Navidad, próspero año y felicidad" meaning "Merry Christmas, a prosperous year and happiness") and equally simple English verse "I wanna wish you a Merry Christmas from the bottom of my heart", it has become a classic Christmas pop song in the United States, throughout the Spanish-speaking world and internationally.
"All I Want for Christmas Is You" is a Christmas song performed by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey.
 She wrote and produced the song with Walter Afanasieff.
 Columbia Records released it on November 1, 1994, as the lead single from her first holiday album and fourth studio album, "Merry Christmas".
 "Christmas" is an uptempo love song that includes bell chimes and heavy back-up vocals, as well as use of synthesizers.
A Very Merry Christmas is Bobby Vinton's ninth studio album and first Christmas album, released in October 1964.
 Vinton had released a four-track Christmas EP which entered the charts the previous year, containing none of the tracks included on "A Very Merry Christmas".
 Due to Billboard editorial policy, it was held off the regular Billboard LP listings.
 It reached #13 on a Christmas version of the Billboard Hot 200 list of popular albums.
 The CD, not currently in print, is a valuable collectors' item.
 Some of the tracks are available on the in-print disc "Kissin' Christmas".
"Christmas Time is in the Air Again" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her second Christmas album and thirteenth studio album, "Merry Christmas II You" (2010).
 It was written and produced by Carey in collaboration with Broadway composer Marc Shaiman.
 Lyrically, it is about finding love during the Christmas season.
 The track garnered positive reviews from critics, with one describing it as an outstanding performance and the only song on the album that could compare to one of Carey's previous Christmas singles, "All I Want for Christmas Is You".
 It was released as a single in December 2012.
 An accompanying lyric video was released, and Carey has performed "Christmas Time Is in the Air Again" live on NBC's "Christmas in Rockefeller Centre" event and during her December 2014 Beacon Theatre residency called All I Want For Christmas Is You, A Night of Joy & Festivity.
'"Merry Christmas from the Family" is a holiday song written by alternative country artist Robert Earl Keen.
 It has become extremely popular among the fans within his cult following.
 The song was first recorded for Keen's 1994 album, "Gringo Honeymoon".
 A live version also appears on his 1996, "No. 2 Live Dinner".
 The popularity of the song led Keen to write a sequel song, "Happy Holidays Y'all", for his 1998 album "Walking Distance", and to publish a book, "Merry Christmas from the Family", in 2001.
 The original song, the book, and the sequel all center around the same cast of characters in Keen's humorous vision of a Texas style Christmas.
Merry Christmas II You is the second Christmas album and thirteenth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey.
 It was released by Island Records on November 2, 2010.
 Recording began in April 2010 and continued while Carey became pregnant.
 She was the executive producer of "Merry Christmas II You" and worked with various record producers, including Bryan-Michael Cox, Jermaine Dupri, Randy Jackson, James Poyser, Marc Shaiman, James "Big Jim" Wright and Johnny "Sev" Severin of RedOne.
 The album features Carey's mother Patricia Carey as a guest vocalist on "O Come All Ye Faithful" / "Hallelujah Chorus".
 The album is composed of original songs and covers, ballads and uptempo tracks.
 It incorporates R&B, soul and house music in its composition.
A Merry Christmas!
 (full title "From the Creative World of Stan Kenton comes A Merry Christmas!")
 is an album of Christmas music by the Stan Kenton Orchestra recorded in 1961 and released by Capitol Records.
The Classic Christmas Album is a Christmas compilation album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released on October 7, 2014, by Columbia Records and includes two 1961 recordings that were previously unavailable: "Ol' Kris Kringle" and the original version of the title track from his 1969 Christmas album "Give Me Your Love for Christmas".
 Three other songs ("Christmas in the City of the Angels", "Sign of the Dove" and "The Very First Christmas Day") make their debut on compact disc as of this release, and two other non-album singles ("Christmas Is..." and "My Kind of Christmas") can be counted among the rarities here.
 The collection also includes a selection or two from several of Mathis's Christmas studio albums—"Sleigh Ride" from "Merry Christmas", "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" from "Sounds of Christmas", "Calypso Noel" from "Give Me Your Love for Christmas", "The Christmas Waltz" and "It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas" from "Christmas Eve with Johnny Mathis", and "Home for the Holidays" from "Sending You a Little Christmas"—as well as his duet with Bette Midler from her 2006 holiday album "Cool Yule", which was a medley of "Winter Wonderland" and "Let It Snow!
 Let It Snow!
 Let It Snow!
".
Merry Christmas is a compilation album by Bing Crosby that was released in 1945 on Decca Records.
 It has remained in print through the vinyl, CD, and downloadable file eras, currently as the disc and digital album "White Christmas" on MCA Records, a part of the Universal Music Group, (reissued in June 1995) and currently on vinyl as "Merry Christmas" on Geffen Records (re-issued in September 2014).
 It includes Crosby's signature song "White Christmas", the best-selling single of all time with estimated sales of over 50 million copies worldwide.
 The album has sold over 15 million copies and is the second best-selling Christmas album of all-time behind "Elvis' Christmas Album", which has sold more than 19 million copies worldwide.
"Text Me Merry Christmas" is a song performed by Straight No Chaser and Kristen Bell.
 It was written by Adam Schlesinger and David Javerbaum.
 The song was released on November 17, 2014.
