Neuromancer is a 1984 science fiction novel by American-Canadian writer William Gibson.
 It is one of the best-known works in the cyberpunk genre and the first novel to win the Nebula Award, the Philip K. Dick Award, and the Hugo Award.
 It was Gibson's debut novel and the beginning of the Sprawl trilogy.
 The novel tells the story of a washed-up computer hacker hired by a mysterious employer to pull off the ultimate hack.
The Bridge trilogy is a series of novels by William Gibson, his second after the successful Sprawl trilogy.
 The trilogy comprises the novels "Virtual Light" (1993), "Idoru," (1996) and "All Tomorrow's Parties" (1999).
 A short story, "Skinner's Room", was originally composed for "Visionary San Francisco", a 1990 museum exhibition exploring the future of San Francisco.
Tessier-Ashpool is a fictional family appearing in William Gibson's Sprawl trilogy.
 The family owns Freeside, a space station shaped like a spindle Bernal sphere constructed in high orbit.
 The family resides in the Villa Straylight, which occupies one end of the spindle.
Johnny Mnemonic is a short story by American-Canadian writer William Gibson, which served as inspiration for the 1995 film of the same name.
 The short story first appeared in "Omni" magazine in May 1981, and was subsequently included in 1986's "Burning Chrome", a collection of Gibson's short fiction.
 It takes place in the world of Gibson's cyberpunk novels, predating them by some years, and introduces the character Molly Millions, who plays a prominent role in Gibson's Sprawl trilogy of novels.
Mona Lisa Overdrive is a science fiction novel by American-Canadian writer William Gibson, published in 1988.
 It is the final novel of the cyberpunk Sprawl trilogy, following "Neuromancer" and "Count Zero", taking place eight years after the events of the latter.
 The novel was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel, the Hugo Award for Best Novel, and the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 1989.
The Governors Awards presentation is an annual award ceremony hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center, in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles, California.
 Three awards that signify lifetime achievement within the film industry – the Academy Honorary Award, the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award, and the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award – are presented at this ceremony.
 The first Governors Awards ceremony was held on November 14, 2009.
 Prior to this, these three awards were formally presented during the main Academy Awards ceremony, which now conducts a short mention and appearance of the awards recipients after displaying a montage of the Governors Awards presentation.
 In the years since, the awards have gained prominence as a major red-carpet destination and industry event.
Burning Chrome (1986) is a collection of short stories written by William Gibson.
 Most of the stories take place in Gibson's Sprawl, a shared setting for most of his cyberpunk work.
 Many of the ideas and themes explored in the short stories were later revisited in Gibson's popular Sprawl trilogy.
The Sprawl trilogy (also known as the Neuromancer, Cyberspace, or Matrix trilogy) is William Gibson's first set of novels, composed of "Neuromancer" (1984), "Count Zero" (1986), and "Mona Lisa Overdrive" (1988).
Count Zero is a science fiction novel by American-Canadian writer William Gibson, originally published in 1986.
 It is the second volume of the Sprawl trilogy, which begins with "Neuromancer" and concludes with "Mona Lisa Overdrive", and is an example of the cyberpunk subgenre.
Molly Millions (also known as Sally Shears, Rose Kolodny, and others) is a recurring character in stories and novels written by William Gibson, particularly his Sprawl trilogy.
 She first appeared in "Johnny Mnemonic", to which she makes an oblique reference in "Neuromancer" (where she is mostly referred to as "Molly" with no last name given).
 Her most recent literary appearance was under the name "Sally Shears" in the book "Mona Lisa Overdrive".
