Nakhon Noi briefly occupied the throne of Lan Xang from 1582–1583 on the death of his father Sen Soulintha, who himself had been appointed as a vassal to the Toungoo Empire from 1580-1582.
 Nakhon Noi took the regnal name "Samdach Brhat Chao Samdach Brhat Chao Negara Nawi Raja Sri Sadhana Kanayudha".
 Little is known about his brief rule, it does not appear in the sources that the Burmese were at the origin of his selection to succeed Sen Soulintha and were instead informed belatedly.
 If he had supporters in the royal court of Lan Xang they were few and quickly became unhappy with his rule.
 Within the year the royal court had petitioned King Nanda Bayin for his removal.
 According to various versions of the chronicles it is cited that Nakhon Noi “did not rule with fairness,” or keep to the religious and behavioral precepts which were traditionally required by a sovereign.
 Other versions record that he simply had made enemies at court, or was perceived as illegitimate because (like his father Sen Soulintha) he was of common origins.
 Either at the hands of the royal court, or the Burmese, Nakhon Noi was deposed, arrested, and returned to Pegu.
 After Nakhon Noi was deposed a period of interregnum occurred from 1583-1591 which historian Paul Le Boulanger describes as a period of “absolute confusion,” among the factions at court.
 The chronicles again agree that it was only after the period of succession crisis that a petition was finally sent in 1591 to Nanda Bayin by the Lao sangha and Lan Xang court asking for Prince No Muang, the son and legitimate heir of Setthathirath, to be appointed as king.
 Nanda Bayin confirmed the request and Prince No Muang would take the throne as Nokeo Koumane and reign Lan Xang from 1591-1596.
Patiala House is a 2011 Indian sports drama film directed by Nikhil Advani and starring Akshay Kumar and Anushka Sharma.
 It was produced by Bhushan Kumar, Mukesh Talreja, Krishan Kumar and Twinkle Khanna under the banner of People Tree Films, Credence Motion Pictures and Hari Om Entertainment.
 The film released on 11 February 2011.
 The theatrical trailer of was premièred with Farah Khan's "Tees Maar Khan" on 24 December 2010.
 Akshay Kumar plays the role of a fast bowler, loosely based upon Monty Panesar and its concept was conceived by Rahul Nanda, son of writer Gulshan Nanda.
Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance (Korean: 삼성화재) (KOSPI # 000810) is an insurance company based in Seoul, South Korea.
 Incorporated on January 26, 1952, under the name of "Korea Anbo Fire Marine Reinsurance Co.", the company changed its name to Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in December 1993, after its takeover by Samsung Group dated back to 1958.
 Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance, SFMI in short, is operating property and casualty insurance business and third-party insurance business defined by the Korea Insurance Business Act, while engaging in providing financial services and instruments approved by relevant laws and regulations including the Korea Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act.
 Its business portfolio consists of automobile insurance, long-term insurance, general insurance (commercial lines), enterprise risk management, annuities, etc.
 As of the end of 2015, Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance has seven overseas subsidiaries in Indonesia, Vietnam, China, Brazil, Europe, US, and Singapore.
Key person insurance, also commonly called keyman insurance and key man insurance, is an important form of business insurance.
 There is no legal definition for "key person insurance".
 In general, it can be described as an insurance policy taken out by a business to compensate that business for financial losses that would arise from the death or extended incapacity of an important member of the business.
 To put it simply, Keyman Insurance is a standard life insurance, TPD insurance or trauma insurance policy that is used for business succession or business protection purposes.
 The policy's term does not extend beyond the period of the key person’s usefulness to the business.
 Keyman Insurance policies are usually owned by the business and the aim is to compensate the business for losses incurred with the loss of a key income generator and facilitate business continuity.
 Key person insurance does not indemnify the actual losses incurred but compensates with a fixed monetary sum as specified on the insurance policy.
Mahapadma Nanda (IAST: Mahāpadmānanda) (  400 – c. 329 BCE ) was the first king of the Nanda dynasty.
 He was the son of Mahanandin, king of the Shishunaga dynasty and a Shudra mother.
 Sons of Mahanandin from his other wives opposed the rise of Mahapadma Nanda, on which he eliminated all of them to claim the throne.
In 1999, Sanjeev Nanda, then a Wharton Business School student, and son of Indian industrialist Suresh Nanda ran over six people, including three police officers.
 While Nanda and several related parties were initially acquitted and released in a trial in 1999, Nanda was later found guilty in 2008 and sentenced to two years in prison, which was reduced to time served, a large fine, and two years of community service by the Indian Supreme Court in 2012.
 The case attracted media attention, and was viewed by "India Today" as "a test of the judicial system's ability to take on the powerful".
Nikhil Nanda (born 18 March 1974) is an Indian businessman.
 Part of the Kapoor family, he is the son of insurance agent Ritu Nanda and industrialist Rajan Nanda, and the grandson of actorfilmmaker Raj Kapoor.
 He is the managing director of Escorts Limited, an engineering company that manufacture agricultural machinery, machine construction and material handling equipment and railway equipment.
 Escorts Limited was founded in 1948 by his paternal grandfather, Har Prasad Nanda (known as H.P. Nanda).
The company’s corporate headquarters is in Faridabad, Haryana, India.
 He is married to Shweta Bachchan, the daughter of veteran actors Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Bhaduriand has two children with her.
Ritu Nanda (born Ritu Kapoor; 30 October 1948) is a prominent insurance advisor associated chiefly with the life insurance business.
 She is currently the chairman and chief executive officer of Ritu Nanda Insurance Services (RNIS).
 Nanda was initially managing a household appliances manufacturing business Nikitasha which got closed due to poor growth.
 On recommendation of her friend, she decided to be an insurance agent.
 She has more than 55,000 clients, and is the recipient of the "Brand" and the "Best Insurance Advisor" of the Decade awards from the Life Insurance Corporation of India, the largest life insurance company of India.
Nandvanshi is a term designating the descendants of Nanda (also known as Nandagopa).
 According to the "Harivamsha" and the "Puranas", Nanda was the head of the Gopas, a tribe of cowherds referred as "Holy Gwals".
 Vasudeva took his new-born son Krishna to Nanda on the night of the child's birth so that Nanda could raise him.
The Escorts Group is an Indian engineering company that operates in the sectors of agri-machinery, construction and material handling equipment, railway equipment and auto components.
 Headquartered in Faridabad, Haryana, the company was launched in 1944 and has marketing operations in more than 40 countries.
 Escorts Group’s management team includes Rajan Nanda as the Chairman and Managing Director and Nikhil Nanda as the Managing Director.
