Nerella Anjaneyulu, widely known as Anjanna, served three consecutive five-year terms from 1989 through 2004 as a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
 During his time in the assembly, he represented the constituency of Yellareddy in northwestern Andhra Pradesh as a member of the Telugu Desam Party.
 (In 2014, Yellareddy and the surrounding regions of northwestern Andhra Pradesh became part of the new Indian state of Telangana.)
 In September 2002, Nara Chandrababu Naidu, the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, appointed Anjaneyulu the Minister for Technical Education and Training.
108 is a free telephone number for emergency services in India.
 It is currently operational in 21 states (Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka,Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Meghalaya, Odisha, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh) and two Union Territories (Dadra & Nagar Haveli and Daman & Diu.)
 The 108 Emergency Response Service is a free emergency service providing integrated medical, police and fire emergency services.
 In Madhya Pradesh, the 108 GVK Ambulance facility was in July 2009 implemented by Hon'ble Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan, which was inaugurated by then Health Minister Mr. Narottam Mishra.
 The service is a public-private partnership between state governments and private EMS providers.
 This 108 service is rolled out initially by Ramalinga Raju and Family.
 Dr.Y.S Rajashekar Reddy who was then the Chief minister of Andhra Pradesh, was the initial chief minister to sign an agreement with EMRI to roll out services in the state of Andhra Pradesh.
 Because of the life saving service went so popular mainly in the rural parts of combined Andhra Pradesh later this system was introduced nationwide by former union health minister, Dr. Anbumani Ramadoss.
 This (108) system was introduced by Central government of India.
 And the system was designed by Satyam Infotech.
 s of November 2014 , this service had handled over 540,000 emergency cases in India.
 Telling Siri on an iOS device will call emergency services.
The Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh is the chief executive of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
 As per the Constitution of India, the Governor of Andhra Pradesh is the state's "de jure" head, but "de facto" executive authority rests with the chief minister.
 Following elections to the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly, the governor usually invites the party (or coalition) with a majority of seats to form the government.
 The governor appoints the chief minister, whose council of ministers are collectively responsible to the assembly.
 Given that he has the confidence of the assembly, the chief minister's term is for five years and is subject to no term limits.
The Cabinet of the state of Andhra Pradesh, India, forms the executive branch of the Government of Andhra Pradesh.
 The State Cabinet of Andhra Pradesh was sworn in on 8, June, 2014.
 A 20 of ministers including N. Chandrababu Naidu took charge as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh.
Nallari Kiran Kumar Reddy (born 13 September 1960 in Hyderabad) is an Indian politician who served as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh.
 He was the last Chief Minister of the United Andhra Pradesh before the formation of the Telangana state on June 2, 2014.
 A four-time Member of the Legislative Assembly in Andhra Pradesh, he was a leader of the Indian National Congress party before resigning from it in February 2014 over the creation of Telangana state.
 Concurrently Reddy also submitted his resignation from the chief ministership to Governor E. S. L. Narasimhan; the latter accepted the resignation, but asked Reddy to continue as caretaker chief minister.
 President's Rule was imposed in the state on 1 March 2014.
 On March 10, 2014 he floated his new political outfit called Jai Samaikyandhra Party.
Jai Samaikyandhra Party or JSP is a new Indian political party launched by former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, Nallari Kiran Kumar Reddy.
 He launched the party in protest against Government of India's decision to bifurcate Andhra Pradesh through Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Bill.
 Its poll plank is self-respect of Telugu people.
 The name of the party means "Hail United Andhra Pradesh".
 The party was formal launched at a public meeting in Rajahmundry on 12 March 2014, and promised rollback of Telangana state in the event of JSP winning 25 seats.
 Its electoral symbol is a pair of slippers.
 In elections the party failed to win a single seat and lost deposits in many seats.
Nadendla Bhaskara Rao (born 23 June 1935 in Guntur) was the chief minister of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh for a brief period in 1984.
 He servred the shortest term yet, as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh – 31 days.
 His son Nadendla Manohar is Ex MLA for Tenali Constituency who is also Ex Speaker for United Andhra Pradesh assembly.
Indian politician and businessman.
 He is the Cabinet Minister for Information Technology, Panchayati Raj and Rural Development in Andhra Pradesh.
 He is the son of Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh and Telugu Desam Party Chief Nara Chandrababu Naidu, and grandson of former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh Sri N. T. Rama Rao.
 He is famously known as Andhra pappu.
Nara Chandrababu Naidu (born 20 April 1950) is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh since 2014.
 He is the first chief minister of the state since it was divided.
 Previously he served as Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh from 1994 to 2004, before the state was divided, and as the Leader of Opposition from 2004 to 2014.
 He is currently the National President of Telugu Desam Party.
Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao (popularly known as NTR) was a civil services officer-turned-Telugu film actor-turned-politician who served as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh for three terms.
 He was the first non-Congress Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, representing the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) founded by him in 1982.
 His first term lasted 1 years from January 1983 to August 1984.
 He was ousted in a coup in August 1984, but returned to power a month later, which marked the beginning of his second term.
 He remained Chief Minister for the next five years, completing his full 5-year term as Chief Minister.
 In 1989, his party lost in the assembly elections, and it was not until 1994 that he would become Chief Minister again.
 His third and last term as Chief Minister only lasted nine months, from December 1994 to September 1995, following which he was ousted in a coup led by his son-in-law Nara Chandrababu Naidu.
