A Year at the Movies is the major label debut by the Canadian alternative/punk group Social Code, the band formerly known as Fifth Season.
 It was released in May 2004 in various countries, through Interscope.
 The first single from the album, "Beautiful", received significant play on radio stations throughout Canada.
 A music video was also released for the second single, "Whisper to a Scream (Birds Fly)", a cover of post-punk band The Icicle Works.
Rock 'N' Roll is the third album by the Canadian alternative rock band Social Code.
 It was released on September 1, 2009, with the first single "Satisfied" released on iTunes on July 28, 2009.
Social security in Germany is codified on the "Sozialgesetzbuch", or the "Social Code", contains 12 main parts, including the following,
Captain Konstantin Konstantinovich Vakulovsky (born 28 October 1894, died Summer 1918) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.
 A major general's son, he volunteered for aviation duty on 8 August 1914, six days after graduating from university.
 He taught himself to fly, and became one of Russia's first military pilots on 13 June 1915.
 After escaping the fall of the Novogeorgievsk Fortress in a hazardous flight, Vakylovsky flew reconnaissance missions, some through heavy ground fire.
 Given command of the newly formed First Fighter Detachment, he became a flying ace credited with six aerial victories.
 He died in a flying accident during Summer 1918.
Online etiquette is ingrained into culture, etiquette in technology is a fairly recent concept.
 The rules of etiquette that apply when communicating over the Internet or social networks or devices are different from those applying when communicating in person or by audio (such as telephone) or videophone (such as Skype video).
 It is a social code of network communication.
Hostage Life was a Canadian punk band from Toronto.
 Formed in 2002, Hostage Life released its first EP, "Sing for the Enemy" on Toronto's independent punk rock label, Underground Operations, home to such bands as Closet Monster and Protest The Hero.
 The band's second album on the same label, titled Walking Papers, received significant positive criticism from Canadian publications, and the first single, "This Song Was Written By A Committee" achieved widespread radio-play on Toronto's own pre-eminent alternative music radio station, CFNY.
 Lead singer Colin Lichti was the frontman for Brampton, Ontario band Marylin's Vitamins.
 Most recently, they played at the SCENE Music Festival in St. Catharines, Ontario (a festival which was host to bands such as Alexisonfire, City And Colour, and The Salads, among others), as well as Toronto's Wakestock 2006, with the likes of Social Code, Boys Night Out, No Use for a Name and Sloan.
 They played their last show on November 20, 2009 at Sneaky Dee's.
Gjakmarrja (literally "blood-taking", i.e. "blood feud") or Hakmarrja ("revenge") refers to the social obligation to commit murder in order to salvage honour questioned by an earlier murder or moral humiliation.
 This practice is generally seen as in line with the Albanian social code known as "Kanuni i Lekë Dukagjinit", or simply the "Kanun" (English: "Code of Lekë Dukagjini" ).
Hollowick is a Canadian rock band from Oshawa, formerly called Rides Again.
 It is composed of lead singer and guitarist Nathan Peyton, bassist and brother background vocalist Chad Peyton, lead guitarist Luke LeDoux, and drummer Frank Goerz.
 Their first full-length album, "Into Existence", was released as Rides Again on 2 October 2007.
 The first single, "Wonder Why", was produced by Gavin Brown (known for producing other Canadian bands including Billy Talent and Three Days Grace).
 Videos and singles followed for Infected and It's Too Late, which received play on MuchMoreMusic.
 "Infected" became a top 10 modern rock hit in Canada.
 The band has toured with Theory of a Deadman, Social Code, The Trews and Hedley, Yellowcard among others.
 A few years before "Into the Existence", Rides Again was known for their hit song "Geeze Louise", a pop rock song popular among young teens.
 The band was incorporated with Vodoo Records at this time, playing across southern Ontario.
 At this time the original drummer and cousin of Nathan and Chad, Bradley Christiansen, was in the band, but had left later on to pursue other career options.
 2007 seemed to be the year for the striving Canadian band having their music videos published on Much Music, and Much More Music as well as radio stations across Canada.
 In mid-2009, Mike McElroy resigned as Rides Again drummer to pursue other importances.
 After Mike left they asked drummer and musician Kelly Voelkel to join the band, Kelly performed all of the drums and percussion on Hollowick's upcoming album.
 In July 2009 Kelly left to pursue more professional endeavours.
 Friend Anthony Moreino and former Rides Again merchandise guy filled in on drums for a short time for Hollowick, until new drummer Frank Goerz was found.
 With Goerz now behind the drum kit, there's a new level of explosive energy never felt before for Hollowick.
Social Code (formerly known as Fifth Season) was a Canadian alternative rock group formed in 1999 in St. Albert.
Harris, Forbes & Co. was an investment banking affiliate of Harris Bank incorporated in 1911.
 Harris, Forbes firm was acquired by Chase Manhattan Bank in 1930 to form Chase Harris, Forbes.
 Just two years later, in 1932, the firm was dissolved after the passage of the Glass–Steagall Act in 1932.
 Chase transferred what remained of its securities business to the Bank of Boston's newly formed First Boston Corporation, buttressing that firm's early municipal bond department.
