Cara Rodriguez (born June 24, 1976) is an American attorney and politician who was the acting Attorney General of Oklahoma for a period of several days in February 2017.
 She took office after former attorney general Scott Pruitt resigned to take office as Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
 Prior to her tenure as acting attorney general, Rodriguez served as General Counsel to Attorney General Pruitt, assistant solicitor general, and first assistant attorney general.
 She attended Tulane University for her bachelor's degree and University of Oklahoma Law School for her Juris Doctor.
Her Majesty's Attorney General for England and Wales, usually known simply as the Attorney General, is one of the Law Officers of the Crown.
 Along with the subordinate Solicitor General for England and Wales, the Attorney General serves as the chief legal adviser of the Crown and its government in England and Wales.
 The current Attorney General is Jeremy Wright, MP.
Peter C. Harvey was the first African American to serve as New Jersey Attorney General.
 Harvey was appointed by New Jersey Governor Jim McGreevey as Acting Attorney General on February 15, 2003, and was confirmed by the New Jersey Senate as Attorney General on June 16, 2003.
 Harvey served until 2006, when he was succeeded by Zulima Farber.
 Following his resignation as Attorney General, he became a Partner in the New York City law office of Patterson, Belknap, Webb, and Tyler.
Rachel Lee Brand (born May 1, 1973) is an American lawyer, academic, and government official.
 She was sworn in as the United States Associate Attorney General on May 22, 2017, after being nominated to the position by President Donald Trump and confirmed by the United States Senate.
 Brand is the first woman to serve as Associate Attorney General.
 She served as Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Policy in the George W. Bush administration and was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve on the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.
 Prior to becoming Associate Attorney General, Brand was an associate professor at Antonin Scalia Law School.
The Attorney General of New South Wales, in formal contexts also Attorney-General or Attorney General for New South Wales and usually known simply as the Attorney General, is a minister in the Government of New South Wales who has responsibility for the administration of justice in New South Wales, Australia.
 In addition, the Attorney General is one of the Law Officers of the Crown.
 Along with the subordinate Solicitor General, Crown Advocate, and Crown Solicitor, the Attorney General serves as the chief legal and constitutional adviser of the Crown and Government of New South Wales.
Her Majesty's Attorney General for England and Wales, usually known simply as the Attorney General, is one of the Law Officers of the Crown.
 Along with the subordinate Solicitor General for England and Wales, the Attorney General serves as the chief legal adviser of the Crown and its government in England and Wales.
 The current Attorney General is Jeremy Wright.
James Spedding (28 June 1808 – 9 March 1881) was an English author, chiefly known as the editor of the works of Francis Bacon.
Frederick Thomas Gray (October 10, 1918 – May, 1992) was a Virginia attorney and Democratic Party politician.
 Governor James Lindsay Almond Jr. appointed Gray to serve as Attorney General of Virginia after the resignation of Attorney General Albertis Harrison (a member of the Democratic political organization led by Senator Harry F. Byrd) to run for Governor of Virginia during the Massive Resistance crisis in Virginia.
 Gray returned to private practice at Williams Mullen after Robert Young Button (elected Attorney General during the same 1961 election in which Harrison became Governor) took office.
 Gray later served in the Virginia House of Delegates and the Virginia Senate (both part-time positions) as he continued his law practice.
Kevin J. O'Connor serves as general counsel at Point72 Asset Management.
 Previously, he served as an attorney appointed by President George W. Bush and was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate as Connecticut’s 48th United States Attorney in 2002.
 From January to April 2006, O'Connor served as Associate Deputy Attorney General of the United States.
 In 2007, O'Connor served as Chief of Staff to United States Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales.
 In 2008, O'Connor was unanimously confirmed as Associate Attorney General of the United States, the number three position at the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), a post he held until 2009, when he left the DOJ to join the law firm of Bracewell and Giuliani.
The Tennessee Attorney General (officially, Attorney General and Reporter) is a position within the Tennessee state government.
 The Attorney General is the chief law enforcement officer and lawyer for Tennessee.
 Unlike any other state, the Tennessee Attorney General is an officer of the judicial branch, being appointed by the justices of the Tennessee Supreme Court, rather than the Governor, or being elected by popular vote or vote of the legislature, for a term of eight years.
 The current office holder is Herbert Slatery, who was appointed by the Tennessee Supreme Court for an eight-year term in 2014 to fill that position.
 His service officially began with his swearing in by Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam, a close personal friend whom he had previously served as legal counsel, on October 1, 2014.
