Elbow are an English rock band consisting of Guy Garvey (vocals, guitar), Craig Potter (keyboard, piano, backing vocals), Mark Potter (guitar, backing vocals) and Pete Turner (bass guitar, backing vocals).
 They have played together since 1990, adopting the Elbow band name in 1997.
Joe Duddell (born 26 July 1972) is a composer, musician and conductor from Manchester, UK, and former Associate Professor of Music in the School of Music and Performing Arts of Bath Spa University.
 He is most notable for his critically acclaimed work with British indie rock groups such as James, Elbow and Daughter.
Zak Richard Starkey (born 13 September 1965) is an English rock drummer whose music career spans more than 30 years.
 He has performed and recorded with English rock band The Who since 1996.
 He is also the third drummer to have appeared with English rock band Oasis.
 He has also worked with other musicians and bands such as Johnny Marr, Paul Weller, The Icicle Works, The Waterboys, ASAP, The Lightning Seeds, and John Entwistle.
 He is the son of The Beatles drummer Ringo Starr.
Guy Edward John Garvey (born 6 March 1974) is an English singer, songwriter and BBC 6 Music presenter.
 He is the lead singer and principal songwriter of the rock band Elbow.
Sky at Night is the fifth studio album by English rock band I Am Kloot.
 The album was produced by Guy Garvey and Craig Potter of the band Elbow and was released on 5 July 2010.
 Since 2 July 2010, the whole album has been streamed for free on the guardian.co.uk website.
"Sue (Or in a Season of Crime)" is a song by English rock musician David Bowie.
 It was released as the lead single from his compilation album "Nothing Has Changed" (2014).
 The track was premiered on 12 October 2014, by BBC Radio 6 Music presenter Guy Garvey and features the Maria Schneider Orchestra.
 Re-recorded versions of both the song and its B-side, "'Tis a Pity She Was a Whore", appear on Bowie's twenty-fifth studio album, "Blackstar".
Let It All In is the sixth studio album by English rock band I Am Kloot.
 Like the previous one, this record was produced by Guy Garvey and Craig Potter of the band Elbow.
 It was released on 21 January 2013.
 On 27 January, the album debuted at #10 in the UK Albums Chart and at #1 in the Official Record Store Chart.
"Dancing the Night Away" is the debut single by English rock band The Motors, released as the lead single from their 1977 debut studio album "1".
 The song was written by bassist/keyboardist Andy McMaster and lead vocalist/guitarist Nick Garvey.
Dead in the Boot is a B-sides compilation album by English rock band Elbow, released in the UK on 27 August 2012.
 The title is a reference to the band's debut album "Asleep in the Back" and was suggested by singer Guy Garvey's sister Beckie.
Natural History is the debut album by English rock band I Am Kloot, released to much eagerness from the British music press in 2001.
 The album was produced by Guy Garvey, lead singer for the Manchester-based band Elbow.
