Libby is a fictional character on the ABC drama television series "Lost", which chronicles the lives of over forty people after their plane crashes on a remote island somewhere in the South Pacific.
 She is played by American actress Cynthia Watros.
 The character is first introduced as a member of the tail section survivors in the second season episode "Everybody Hates Hugo", together with Bernard, and she ends her role as a "living character" in the episode "?
".
 Reception towards the character is generally positive, especially after her death, although controversy exists due to a traffic violation by the actress that plays her.
 While no surname was given for the character in the show, a clip reel of deceased characters at Comic-Con 2009 presented her full name as Elizabeth Smith.
"Yes!
 PreCure 5" is the fourth "Pretty Cure" anime television series produced by Toei Animation.
 The story is about a group of five girls who have the ability to transform into Pretty Cure.
 They have been given this ability in order to collect the fifty-five Pinkies spread across the land and save the Palmier Kingdom.
 The series began airing in Japan from February 4, 2007 and January 27, 2008, replacing "Futari wa Pretty Cure Splash★Star" in its initial timeslot and was replaced by its direct sequel series "Yes!
 PreCure 5 GoGo!"
.
 The series uses three pieces of theme music, one opening and two ending themes.
 The opening theme is "PreCure 5, Smile Go Go!"
 (プリキュア5、スマイル go go!
 Purikyua Faibu, Sumairu gō gō?)
 performed by Mayu Kudou (Voice of Fairy Tone from Suite PreCure) with the chorus performed by Young Fresh with Mayumi+Yuka.
 From episode 1-32, the ending theme is "Kirakira-shichatte My True Love!"
 (キラキラしちゃってMy True Love!
 Kirakira-shicatte Mai Turū Rabu?
, "Sparkle Brilliantly My True Love!")
 performed by Kanako Miyamoto (The Voice of Makoto Kenzaki/Cure Sword from Dokidoki!
 PreCure).
 From episode 33-49, the ending theme was changed to "Ganbalance de Dance ~Yumemiri Kiseki-tachi~" (ガンバランス de ダンス～夢みる奇跡たち～ Ganbaransu de Dansu ~Yumemiru Kiseki-tachi~"?)
, performed by Miyamoto with the PreCure 5.
 This song was also used as the theme for the film adaptation Great Miraculous Adventure in the Mirror Kingdom!
.
 An insert song in the series titled "Tobikkiri!
 Yūki no Door" (とびっきり!勇気の扉（ドア） Tobikkiri!
 Yūki no Doa?
, "Extraordinary!
 The Door of Courage") was performed by Mariya Ise as her character Urara Kasugano and was used in episodes 20 and 29.
Farrah Phelan (now Clayton) is a fictional character from the Irish television soap opera, "Fair City".
 The character has been portrayed by four actresses in total.
 The character first appeared onscreen in 1998 played by Fiona Glascott, however the character left the series to go to London.
 On her return in 2000, Sinead Keenan was cast in the role.
 The character left the series for a second time and when she returned for a third time, the role went to Denise McCormack.
 The character again left the series to take up a photography course in London.
 In 2014, Caroline Harvey was cast in the role when the character's father Christy Phelan had a stroke.
Go Lala Go!
 () is a 2010 Chinese romantic comedy film about a Chinese woman who learns how to balance a relationship and professional work in a work place.
 It is directed by Xu Jinglei, who also plays the title character, and is based on a novel, "Du Lala's Promotion", by Li Ke.
 The film also stars Stanley Huang and Karen Mok.
United Red Army (実録・連合赤軍 あさま山荘への道程 , Jitsuroku Rengōsekigun Asama-Sansō e no Dōtei ) is a 2007 film written, directed and produced by Kōji Wakamatsu.
 It stars Akie Namiki as Hiroko Nagata and Go Jibiki as Tsuneo Mori, the leaders of Japan's leftist paramilitary group, the United Red Army.
 Akie Namiki was nominated for Best Performance by an Actress at the 2008 Asia Pacific Screen Awards.
Tori Go!
 Go!
 () is a South Korean animated television series.
 It is a product of the major broadcaster KBS, and the animation was done by Duru Fix, Gangwon Information and Multimedia corporation, and DPS Corporation.
 The story centers on the girl character Tori Go!
 Go!
, a high teen girls character squirrel.
Lucky Stars Go Places (), also known as "The Luckiest Stars", is a 1986 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Eric Tsang.
 It is the fourth film in the "Lucky Stars" series.
 It was an attempt to combine the original Lucky Stars troupe with the similar action comedy ensemble from the "Aces Go Places" series.
Go, Man, Go!
 is a 1954 sports film directed by James Wong Howe, starring Dane Clark, Sidney Poitier, Ruby Dee, Patricia Breslin, The Harlem Globetrotters and Slim Gaillard.
 Clark plays Abe Saperstein, the organizer of the Globetrotters.
 Poitier's character is Inman Jackson, the team's showboating center.
 Breslin plays Sylvia Saperstein, the love interest, and Abe's daughter.
 Gaillard plays himself.
Go!
 Princess PreCure (Go！プリンセスプリキュア , Gō!
 Purinsesu PuriKyua ) , also known as Go!
 Princess Pretty Cure, is a 2015 Japanese magical girl anime series produced by Toei Animation, and the twelfth installment to Izumi Todo's "Pretty Cure" franchise.
 It is directed by Yuta Tanaka and written by Hitoshi Tanaka of "" with character designs by Yukiko Nakatani.
 The series began airing on February 1, 2015, succeeding "HappinessCharge PreCure!
" in its initial timeslot.
 The series's main theme is hopes and dreams with the cures' overall motif being princesses, keys and perfumes.
 It was then succeeded by Maho Girls PreCure!
 on February 7, 2016.
Holden Snyder and Lily Walsh Snyder are fictional characters and the signature supercouple of the CBS daytime soap opera "As the World Turns".
 The role of Lily was first portrayed by actress Lucy Deakins from 1984 until her departure in 1985, when actress Martha Byrne joined the cast in 1985, which began the pairing of Lily with Holden opposite actor Jon Hensley.
 Byrne departed the role of Lily in 1989, and it was recast with actress Heather Rattray.
 In 1993, Rattray was let go from the series and Byrne returned to the role.
 In 2008, Byrne made her high-profiled exit from the series and the role was once again recast with Noelle Beck, who remained in the role until the series finale in September 2010.
 Hensley is the only actor to portray the role of Holden for the character's duration with the series.
