Brandon James Fleming (born 3 December 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays for Championship side Hull City as a defender.
Brandon James Williams (born February 21, 1989) is an American football defensive tackle for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was drafted by the Ravens in the third round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
 He played college football at Missouri Southern.
Brandon James Routh (born October 9, 1979) is an American actor and former fashion model.
 He grew up in Iowa before moving to Los Angeles to pursue an acting career, and subsequently appeared on multiple television series throughout the early 2000s.
 In 2006, he gained greater recognition for his role as the titular superhero of the 2006 film "Superman Returns".
 He also had a recurring role in the TV series "Chuck", as Daniel Shaw.
 Following this, he had notable supporting roles in the films "Zack and Miri Make a Porno" and "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World".
 In 2014, he began a recurring role on "Arrow" as Ray Palmer/Atom which spun off into a guest role on "The Flash" and a starring role on "Legends of Tomorrow".
Doctor Paul Michaux (born Paul-Marie Michaux; 16 November 1854 – 21 November 1923) was a French surgeon.
 After studying at the Paul Verlaine University – Metz, he migrated to Paris, where he actively participated in the Conférence Olivaint and later became president of the organisation.
 After completing an internship and thesis, his career led him into various hospitals in the city and suburbs, where he developed medical innovations and performed research.
 As a member of the parish patronage committee, Michaux's moral and religious beliefs led him to establish a type of gymnastics specifically intended for Christian Patriots.
 His enthusiasm for the sport was reflected with the foundation of the Fédération gymnastique et sportive des patronages de France in 1898, which later became the Fédération sportive et culturelle de France, the foundation of the Fédération gymnastique et sportive des patronages de France in 1898 (later the Fédération sportive et culturelle de France), an organisation which took prompt steps to support team sports (including football and basketball) as well as choral music.
"Pilot" is the pilot and first episode of the first season of the American horror television series, "Scream".
 The series is based on the American horror film franchise of the same name.
 The series revolves around the main character, Emma Duvall, played by Willa Fitzgerald, who lives in the town of Lakewood.
 She quickly becomes the center of a series of murders amongst teens who know her.
 The massacre seems to be related to the Brandon James murders, who was supposedly obsessed with Emma's mother (Tracy Middendorf).
Marcus Sedatius Severianus (Latin: "Marcus Sedatius C. f. Severianus Iulius Acer Metillius Nepos Rufinus Ti.
 Rutilianus Censor"; Ancient Greek: "Μ.
 Σηδάτιος Σεουηριανὸς"; ca. 105-161/162) was a senator, consul, and Roman general during the 2nd-century AD, originally from Gaul.
 Sedatius was a provincial governor and later a provincial consul.
 His career led up to consul "suffect" in 153.
 However brilliant, his career did not progress quickly through the "cursus honorum".
 He had to earn his way from patrician to the more prestigious senatorial order.
 It is distinguished through his link with the oracle of Glycon (Alexander of Abonoteichus) while its end shows the military difficulties of the Empire during the reign of Marcus Aurelius.
 He was governor of Cappadocia at the start of the Roman war with Parthia during which he was convinced by the untrustworthy oracle to invade Armenia in 161, although Parthia had been making trouble in Armenia since the death of the emperor Antoninus Pius (died 7 March 161).
 Sedatius committed suicide while under siege in the Armenian city of Elegeia, on the upper Euphrates.
 He was replaced as governor of Cappadocia by Marcus Statius Priscus.
Brandon James Garbe (born February 3, 1981 in Moses Lake, Washington) is an American former minor league baseball player.
 In 1999, Garbe won the Gatorade High School Baseball Player of the Year Award.
Generalleutnant Franz Walz began his military career in the infantry in 1905.
 In 1912, he switched to aviation.
 He attained the rank of Hauptmann (Captain) while becoming a flying ace during World War I.
 He flew more than 500 combat sorties in Palestine and upon the Western Front.
 He scored seven confirmed aerial victories in the latter theater.
 His later career led him to join the Luftwaffe during World War II.
 Toward the end of the war, he was captured by the Russians and died in one of their prison camps in December 1945.
Brian Ralston (born April 12, 1974) is a composer and musician living in Los Angeles.
 Ralston is a graduate of the University of Arizona and the USC Thornton School of Music Scoring for Motion Pictures and Television program.
 Brian's latest film is the 2017 drama Rose starring Cybill Shepherd, James Brolin and Pam Grier.
 In 2012 he scored the 20th Century Fox inspirational sports film Crooked Arrows, starring Brandon Routh, directed by Steve Rash.
 He has also composed music for the television series "Angel" (Season 4) and scores to the theatrical motion pictures "9/Tenths", directed by Bob Degus ("Pleasantville") starring Gabrielle Anwar, Henry Ian Cusick and Dave Ortiz, the Magnolia Pictures teen heist movie Graduation directed by Mike Mayer and starring Adam Arkin, Shannon Lucio, Chris Marquette, Riley Smith and Chris Lowell, and the dramatic feature Don't Fade Away directed by Luke Kasdan, starring Beau Bridges, Mischa Barton and Ryan Kwanten.
Brandon James Keener (born October 1, 1974) is an American actor living in Los Angeles, California.
 He was born and raised in Fort Smith, Arkansas and graduated from University of Arkansas at Fayetteville, where he won an Irene Ryan scholarship for collegiate actors and performed at the Kennedy Center.
