The Historic St. Mary’s Mission is a mission established by the Society of Jesus of the Catholic Church; located now on 4th street in modern-day Stevensville, Montana.
 Founded in 1841 and designed as an ongoing village for Catholic Salish Indians, St. Mary’s was the first permanent settlement made by European descendants in what became the state of Montana.
 The mission structure was rebuilt in 1866, with it being added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
The St. Mary's Mission was a Jesuit mission founded in 1847 along the Oregon Trail.
 The city of St. Marys, Kansas was established around the mission.
 During the 19th and 20th centuries Native American children were often forced to attend Mission schools like St. Mary's.
 Potawatomi children were taken from their families in the 1860s and sent to St. Mary's Mission where they were left in the care of White Americans.
St. Mary's Catholic Church is a church located on the corner of Transit (New York State Route 78) and Stahley roads in Swormville, New York, in the United States.
 Originally known as St. Mary’s Church of the Assumption at Transit, the building was constructed of about 260,000 bricks.
 John Nepomucene Neumann (later to be named St. John Neumann) started to visit Swormville, celebrating mass in local homes, barns and fields.
 In 1839 he instructed that a small house would be made to hold mass.
 Bishop John Timon established the first catholic church (St. Mary's) of the town of Clarence, New York.
 In 1861, Father Michael Schinabeak made plans for a church to be constructed.
 Construction began in 1862 and finished in fall of 1865.
 The official opening of the Church was in January 1866.
 In 2010 a new Church was constructed behind the old St. Mary's.
St. Mary<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Cathedral is a cathedral church located in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
 It is the episcopal see of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Winnipeg.
 Located at the corner of St. Mary Avenue and Hargrave Street in downtown Winnipeg, St. Mary's is one of two Roman Catholic cathedrals in the city of Winnipeg; the other, St. Boniface Cathedral, is located across the Red River in the formerly independent city of Saint Boniface.
St. Mary's River State Park is a Maryland state park located in California, Maryland.
 The park consists of two sites: one encompasses the 250 acre St. Mary's Lake; the second covers 2200 acre and is largely undeveloped.
 The park features picnicking, a boat launch, boating (electric motor only), flat water canoeing, fishing, and hunting.
 A 7.5 mi trail around St. Mary's Lake is used for hiking, horseback riding, and mountain biking.
St. Mary's College is a high school in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.
 It was established in 1956 by Basilian priests as an all-boys Catholic high school on St. Georges Avenue.
 As the school grew in popularity and size, St. Mary's began admitting girls in September 1987.
 That same year, the school moved into a new building (the former location of Lakeway Collegiate & Vocational School) on Wellington Street.
 In 2015, St. Mary's College combined with Holy Angels Learning Center and St. Basil's Secondary School in a brand new building located on Second Line East.
Saint Michael the Archangel Church (St. Michael Church) is located on the west side of the city of Monroe, Michigan along the River Raisin.
 It is home to 1,200 families and it is one of most important religious institutes in Monroe County.
 It was founded in the year 1852.
 The present building was built from 1866-1867.
 It is in the Archdiocese of Detroit.
 Its current priest is Rev. Phillip Ching.
 When the parish was first established, the mayor of Monroe palatial residence was remodeled as a temporary church.
 It was used as a church on the first floor and on the second it was used for the school.
 Later it would only be used as St. Michael School.
 Then in 1866 the cornerstone for the present church was laid.
 The large 187 foot steeple wasn't added until 1883.
 In 1874 the 3-story rectory was built east of the church.
 In 1918 the parish built the present building of St. Michael School which is now a part of Monroe Catholic Elementary Schools.
 The movement to establish the parish started in 1845 by 14 German immigrants who wanted to worship in their native language.
 The only nearby church was St. Mary of the Immaculate Conception right across the river where St. Michael stands today.
 St. Mary's only worshiped in French and wouldn't hold services in other languages like German and Irish.
 The German and Irish families were forced to move to the second floor of the rectory to have mass in their native languages.
 When the German families were able to acquire land they were eager to leave St. Mary's to start a parish of their own.
 They first purchased an empty lot Humphrey Street but the plan was soon abandoned.
 They then purchased the first mayor of Monroe's estate to build the church and it remains the current site of the church.
Haliaetum was a Roman port that stood in the area of Simon Bay, next to the nowaday's village of Jagodje, on the northern Adriatic coast of the Istrian peninsula.
 Remains visible at extreme low tide include parts of its pier as well as various port buildings.
 Some excavations have been carried out in recent years, with more excavations planned in the future.
 The site is also open to tourists.
 The port was first established around 178-177BC following fierce resistance by the Histri, the indigenous population.
 It gave name to St. Mary of Haliaetum Church (Slovene: "cerkev sv.
 Marije Alietske" ) in Izola, the coastal town just southwest of Jagodje.
 It was erected in the 11th century and was later redesigned in the Baroque style.
St. Mary's College of Quezon City (St. Mary's College, St. Mary's, SMCQC) is a Catholic school for both boys and girls.
 It is administered by the Religious of the Virgin Mary, the first pontifically approved congregation for women in the Philippines.
 It is located along Mother Ignacia Avenue, formerly Cebu Avenue, in Quezon City.
 It provides Preparatory, Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary education.
St. Mary Anne's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church building located at 315 South Main Street in North East, Cecil County, Maryland.
 Built in 1742 of red brick in a rectangular shape to replace an earlier wooden church building on the site, it is the second parish church building for North Elk Parish, later known as St. Mary Anne's Parish, which had been established in 1706 by the General Assembly of the Province of Maryland.
 Originally dedicated to St. Mary, the parish added "Anne" to its name in thanks for a bequest it received from the estate of Anne, Queen of Great Britain, who died in 1714.
 Its bell tower was added in 1904.
