"Rooftops and Invitations" is a download-only single from the album "Dusk and Summer" by Dashboard Confessional.
 The song was written by the lead singer of Dashboard Confessional, Chris Carrabba.
 "Rooftops and Invitations" was released to radio on August 29, 2006.
So Impossible EP is Dashboard Confessional's second EP.
 It was released on December 18, 2001 through Vagrant Records.
 The EP release was also widely acclaimed and received great scores in music review magazines like SPIN.
 All four songs would later be performed in Dashboard Confessional's MTV Unplugged performance.
 The same performance was released as an album in 2002.
Mike Marsh (born August 13, 1974 in Miami, Florida) is the drummer for The Avett Brothers and formerly of Dashboard Confessional.
 Mike was featured on all Dashboard Confessional's albums, from "The Places You Have Come To Fear The Most" to "Alter the Ending".
 He also played with them for MTV Unplugged.
 In 2006, Marsh and Dashboard Confessional did an AOL Sessions recording, playing not only their songs, but a cover of "In A Big Country" by Big Country.
 According to posts by Mike on Facebook, he officially joined The Avett Brothers as their drummer in early 2013.
Music from and Inspired by Spider-Man 2 reached the top 10 of the U.S. album charts and the top 40 of the Australian album charts. "
Vindicated" by Dashboard Confessional reached the top of a world composite soundtrack chart in June 2004 and the top 20 of a composite world and U.S. modern rock chart. "
We Are" by Ana Johnsson was a major success in Europe, charting in almost every European country.
 "Ordinary" by Train was on the U.S. adult top 40 singles charts. "
I Am" by Killing Heidi was added to the Australian version of the soundtrack and released as a single in the country.
 It debuted and peaked at #16 on the ARIA Charts on July 19, 2004.
Twin Forks is an American Americana, folk rock band from Boca Raton, Florida, started in 2011 by Chris Carrabba (Dashboard Confessional, Further Seems Forever).
 They are currently based out of Nashville, TN.
 The band's current members are Chris Carrabba, Shawn Zorn, Dane Poppin, Kelsie Baron, and Sara Ellen.
 Twin Forks have released one EP, titled "Twin Forks", and a full-length album also titled "Twin Forks".
Jay Orpin (born April 29, 1976 in Stockholm, Sweden ) is a Swedish and Finnish songwriter and producer.
 He also writes songs and produced for Backstreet Boys, NSYNC, Robyn, Ace of Base, Bon Jovi, 2gether and Britney Spears, and later he produced songs for Good Charlotte, Sum 41, Simple Plan, Hawthorne Heights, Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, My Chemical Romance, Tokio Hotel, Lindsay Lohan, Dashboard Confessional, All American Rejects, Fall Out Boy, AFI, Evanescence, Hollywood Undead, t.A.T.u., Yellowcard, Hannah Montana, Linkin Park, Bullet for My Valentine and Taking Back Sunday.
 Most of his music is under the influence of today's modern pop punk, dance-punk, and emo music, but he does write some pop and hip-hop music as well.
 He also teamed up with Travis Barker in 2007, remixing popular hip-hop singles such as Throw Some D's, Party Like a Rockstar, and Crank That Soulja Boy.
 Even though he has written some of the works of some of the aforementioned artists, he is not one of the main producers of many of these artists and he chooses not to put his credit for his work.
 An original song written by such composer to be cited is yet to be found, however some has claimed an abbreviation of his name in one of the albums.
 In late 2008, he has decided to move in a small town near Oulu, Finland to raise his family and is a high school teacher and does accounting for bill paying in the summer to support the family, along with music production projects part-time, but he still continues to produce music today, but not as much as he used to.
 He did come back to help write a few new songs, such as In My Head by Jason Derulo.
 He has quit his part-time job in accounting to allow more time back in the music production business, to make a revival.
"Vindicated" is a song by Dashboard Confessional released on the 2004 soundtrack for the film "Spider-Man 2" as well as on Dashboard Confessional's 2006 album, "Dusk and Summer", as a bonus track on some pressings and on deluxe edition versions.
 Played over the film's end credits, "Vindicated" is the theme for the film.
"Don't Wait" is the first single from the album "Dusk and Summer" by Dashboard Confessional.
 The song was written by the lead singer of Dashboard Confessional, Chris Carrabba.
 It is about living for the day, that 'the moment is now'.
 "Don't Wait" was released to radio on May 23, 2006.
MTV Unplugged 2.0 is a live album released by Dashboard Confessional in 2002.
 This CD/DVD package is the band's first live album.
 The band already recorded an acoustic instrument-based LP and is also the first non-Platinum selling artist to be on "MTV Unplugged".
 After a few months, RIAA certified the album Platinum, indicating shipment of between 100,000 and 200,000 units, as it is considered a long-form video.
 The album is the first one to have peaked at #1 on the Top Heatseekers chart and the Top Independent Albums chart.
 The album peaked at #111 on the "Billboard" 200.
 It is the only Dashboard Confessional LP album with a platinum certification.
Seville is a rock group formed in the winter of 2001, by Mike Marsh of the Agency and Dan Bonebrake of The Vacant Andys, joined the now-well-known Dashboard Confessional.
 They disbanded in 2003, with all members following other projects.
