Blue Mesa Reservoir is an artificial reservoir located on the upper reaches of the Gunnison River in Gunnison County, Colorado.
 The largest lake located entirely within the state, Blue Mesa Reservoir was created by the construction of Blue Mesa Dam, a 390-foot tall earthen fill dam constructed on the Gunnison by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation in 1966 for the generation of hydroelectric power.
 Managed as part of the Curecanti National Recreation Area, a unit of the National Park Service, Blue Mesa Reservoir is the largest lake trout and Kokanee salmon fishery in Colorado.
The City of Gunnison is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Gunnison County, Colorado, United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 5,854.
 It was named in honor of John W. Gunnison, a United States Army officer who surveyed for the transcontinental railroad in 1853.
 Gunnison is a Home Rule municipality which reserves the right to choose how it is governed.
Quartz Creek is a stream in Gunnison County, Colorado.
 It rises in the Rocky Mountains above the town of Pitkin, Colorado.
 It merges with Tomichi Creek near the town of Parlin, Colorado, along Highway 50.
 The stream rises in the Gunnison National Forest and is formed by the merger of the north, south, and middle Fox creeks.
Crested Butte is a prominent mountain summit in the West Elk Mountains range of the Rocky Mountains of North America.
 The 12168 ft peak is located in Gunnison National Forest, 3.4 km northeast by east (bearing 59°) of the Town of Crested Butte in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States.
 Ski lifts and runs of the Crested Butte Mountain Resort occupy the north side of the mountain.
Mount Gunnison is a prominent mountain summit in the West Elk Mountains range of the Rocky Mountains of North America.
 The 12725 ft peak is located in the West Elk Wilderness of Gunnison National Forest, 35.7 km west by south (bearing 260°) of the Town of Crested Butte in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States.
 The mountain is named in honor of John Williams Gunnison who explored the area.
The Lucky Jack mine (formerly known as the Mount Emmons molybdenum property) is one of the largest molybdenum deposits in the United States.
 The mine is located West of Crested Butte, Colorado in Gunnison County, Colorado.
 The Molybrook mine has reserves amounting to 220 million tonnes of molybdenum ore grading 0.37% molybdenum thus resulting 814,000 tonnes of molybdenum.
Ohio Pass is a Mount Axtell gap in Gunnison County, Colorado, located one mile southeast of Kebler Pass.
 The Colorado Department of Transportation refers to the traversing road as Gunnison County Road (GCR) 730.
Crested Butte is a home rule municipality in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States.
 The town population was 1,487 at the 2010 United States Census.
 The former coal mining town is now called "the last great Colorado ski town".
 Crested Butte is a destination for skiing, mountain biking, and a variety of other outdoor activities.
Tomichi Dome rises north of Colorado State Highway 50 west of Hot Springs Creek and south of Wanita Hot Springs Reservoir in the southeast quarter of Gunnison County, Colorado.
 It is situated within the Gunnison National Forest and is of a geologic formation called a "laccolith".
 Laccolith formations are caused by igneous activity otherwise known as melting within the earth.
 Other laccoliths of the Gunnison Country are Mount Crested Butte, Gothic Mountain, Whetstone Mountain, Mount Axtel, Anthracite Range, Round Mountain, Carbon Peak, Beckwith Mountain, Marcellina Mountain and Mount Gunnison.
Castle Peak is the ninth highest summit of the Rocky Mountains of North America and the U.S. state of Colorado.
 The prominent 4352.2 m fourteener is the highest summit of the Elk Mountains and the Maroon Bells-Snowmass Wilderness.
 The peak is located 18.7 km northeast by north (bearing 32°) of the Town of Crested Butte, Colorado, United States, on the drainage divide separating Gunnison National Forest and Gunnison County from White River National Forest and Pitkin County.
 The summit of Castle Peak is the highest point of both counties.
