Anjan Chattopadhyay, the sitar player, born in a Bengali aristocratic family in Calcutta, India, was initiated to the art of sitar playing by his elder brother, a veteran Surbahar player, Pandit Gourisankar Chattopadhyay, a disciple of Pandit Birendra Kishore Roy Chowdhury.
 In addition to that he started taking further training from Kalyani Roy, a reputed sitarist and one of the few disciples of Ustad Vilayat Khan.
 He also had lessons in vocal music from late Muktipada Datta, a representative of Agra Gharana.
 Anjan also learned tabla under the late Ustad Shaukat Ali Khan of Farukhabad gharana.
 Anjan lives in Calcutta and teaches music.
Irshad Khan is a surbahar and sitar player based in Canada.
 He is the second son of Ustad Imrat Khan and nephew of Ustad Vilayat Khan.
 Irshad Khan is a student of BS (Hons.)
.
Ustad Enayat Khan (Urdu: عنایت خان ‎ ) (1894–1938) was one of India's most influential sitar and surbahar players in the first decades of the 20th Century.
 He was the father of Vilayat Khan, one of the topmost sitariyas of the postwar period.
Zila Khan is an Indian Sufi singer and actor.
 She sings classical and semi-classical musical forms and performs in the tradition of Imdadkhani gharana.
She has acted in Bajirao Mastani a film by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and also actively acts in theatrical plays like Gauhar.
 She is a playback singer for Bollywood films and advertisements.
 Zila stands for Freedom in Education and Gender Equality.
 She is a composer and music director.
 Zila also produced and directed a documentary called Spirit To Soul on her father Ustad Vilayat Khan.
Wajahat Khan (also known as Vajahat Khan; IAST: Wajāhat Khān, Hindi: वजाहत ख़ान, Bengali: ওয়াজাহাত খান, Urdu: خان وجاہت,) is an Indian sarod player and composer who has earned international acclaim since 1977.
 He is the third son and disciple of sitar and surbahar player Imrat Khan, nephew of sitar player Vilayat Khan and a member of India's illustrious multi-generational musical Khan family which founded the Imdadkhani Gharana .
 He was born in the mid-1960s in Calcutta, India and now divides his time between London and India.
Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee (Bengali: নিখিল রঞ্জন ব্যানার্জী ) (14 October 1931 – 27 January 1986) was an Indian classical sitarist of the Maihar Gharana.
 A student of the legendary Baba Allauddin Khan, Pandit Nikhil Banerjee was known for his technical virtuosity and clinical execution.
 Along with Pandit Ravi Shankar and Ustad Vilayat Khan, he emerged as one of the leading exponents of the sitar.
 He was a recipient of the Indian civilian honour of the Padma Bhushan.
Hiren Roy (1920–1992) was for many years considered to be the best sitar maker in India.
 Many great musicians, including Nikhil Banerjee, Vilayat Khan, Annapurna Devi, and Ravi Shankar, have sworn by his creations.
Ustad Vilayat Khan (28 August 1928 – 13 March 2004) was one of India's well known sitar maestros.
 Along with Ravi Shankar, Ali Akbar Khan, Nikhil Banerjee and his younger brother Imrat Khan, Vilayat Khan helped introduce Indian Classical Music to the West.
Imrat Khan (born 17 November 1935) is an Indian sitar and surbahar player and composer.
 He is the younger brother of sitar maestro Ustad Vilayat Khan.
Hiren Bhattacharyya () (28 July 1932 – 4 July 2012) was one of the best known poets worked in the Assamese language.
 He had innumerable works published in Assamese and achieved many prizes and accolades for his poetry.
 He is known as Hiruda () among his fans.
 Prem aru Rodalir Kobi ("Poet of Love and Sunshine") () is his other name in the Assamese literature.
