Hell Cat is a wooden roller coaster designed and built by S&S Power located at Clementon Amusement Park.
 The coaster is 2,602 feet long and debuted late in the operating park season in 2004.
 Its first drop is 105 feet and can take its riders up to 56 MPH.
 The ride time is 1 minute and 30 seconds.
 Hell Cat was named Tsunami until 2005, when its name was changed to J2 due to the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami.
 The new name honored the 1919 Jack Rabbit coaster which was standing but not operating since 2002 and demolished at the end of 2007.
 During and after the 2005 season, parts of the track were replaced by Great Coasters International to provide a smoother ride.
 During the 2006 season the park only operated with one train.
 The other remained with Philadelphia Toboggan Coasters, Inc. for rehabilitation.
 During the 2006-2007 off-season, more track pieces were replaced.
 In 2008, its name was changed to Hell Cat when Adrenaline Family Entertainment took over ownership of the park over the previous offseason.
Jack Rabbit Blues is a compilation album of songs that Ike Turner performed on between 1958 and 1960 released through Secret Records.
 At this time, Turner was involved and performed with various bands and musicians including Kenneth Churchill, Otis Rush, Betty Everett, Buddy Guy and his own Kings of Rhythm as well as his earlier singles with future wife, Tina Turner (she also went under the alias of Little Ann).
 Every one of these tracks features Ike Turner on guitar, piano and/or vocals.
Jack Rabbit is a 2015 American cyberpunk film directed by Carleton Ranney, who co-wrote it with Destin Douglas.
 Josh Caras and Ian Christopher Noel star as residents of a dystopian city who attempt to find details about the death of their mutual friend, a computer hacker.
 It premiered at the 2015 Tribeca Film Festival.
Paxtang Park was a 40 acre trolley park near Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
 It existed from 1823 to 1929 between Derry Street and Paxton Street along Spring Creek.
 The park contained two roller coasters, the Coaster Flyer and the Jack Rabbit.
Harry C. Baker was an American entrepreneur most notable for his involvement with the building of roller coasters. Through partnerships and later, as president of the Harry C. Baker Company, Baker would be involved with notable designs such as the "Cyclone" at Coney Island, the "Blue Streak" at Woodcliffe Pleasure Park, and the Kennywood Park "Jack Rabbit".
A rabbit vibrator (also known as a Jack Rabbit vibrator or Jessica Rabbit vibrator) is a vibrating and rotating sex toy, usually made in the shape of a phallus with a clitoral stimulator attached to the shaft.
 However, the rabbit vibrator has evolved to reach a wider market, with many new introductions that do not take a phallic shape.
 The name of the device is derived from the fact that the clitoral stimulator looks like a pair of rabbit ears.
The Jack Rabbit Trading Post is a convenience store and curio shop located on former U.S. Route 66, five miles west of Joseph City, Arizona city limits off of Exit 269 on Interstate 40.
 The trading post hails from Route 66's glory days, and is currently in operation.
 With a large fiberglass jackrabbit that can be mounted (for pictures), the facility is considered a major Route 66 attraction by enthusiasts.
 It was famous for numerous billboards up and down US 66 (and in some other locations) which had the silhouette of a jackrabbit and the distance from that sign to the trading post.
 In front of the store was another such billboard with "HERE IT IS" written underneath it.
 Jack Rabbit is owned by the Jaquez family.
Jack Rabbit is an "out and back" wooden roller coaster located at Seabreeze Amusement Park in Irondequoit, New York.
 At its opening in 1920, it was the fastest roller coaster in the world.
 The Giant Dipper in Santa Cruz, California, superseded it in 1924.
 Jack Rabbit is the fourth oldest operating roller coaster in the world and the second oldest in the USA.
 The oldest, Leap-The-Dips in Altoona, Pennsylvania, was closed from 1985 to 1999, making Jack Rabbit the oldest "continuously operating" coaster in the country.
Viking Voyage is a steel roller coaster located at Wild Adventures in Valdosta, Georgia.
 It opened on March 5, 2010.
 The ride was previously located at Celebration City where it was known as Jack Rabbit.
 It operated at that location from 2003 until October 25, 2008.
Cattle Punching on a Jack Rabbit is Before Braille's third studio recording and was released as a limited release Extended Play in 2004 by Sunset Alliance Records.
