Lady Harrington is a 1926 French silent film directed by Hewitt Claypoole Grantham-Hayes and Fred LeRoy Granville and starring Claude France, Maurice de Féraudy and Warwick Ward.
 It is based on a novel by Maurice Level.
Aquamarine is a 2006 Australian-American teen comedy film starring Sara Paxton, Emma Roberts and JoJo.
 The film, which was made in both the United States and Australia, was released in North America on March 3, 2006.
 The film was loosely based on a children's book of the same name by Alice Hoffman, and was directed by American director Elizabeth Allen.
 The movie was filmed in Queensland, Australia.
Angels is a 1983 novel by American author Denis Johnson.
 It was Johnson's first novel; previously, he had published several books of poetry.
 Alice Hoffman, writing for the "New York Times", referred to the novel as "a mixture of poetry and obscenity".
 A character from "Angels", Bill Houston, also appears in Johnson's 2007 novel "Tree of Smoke".
 In 1999, David Foster Wallace included the novel on his list of overlooked American books published after 1960.
From 1986 and 2010, the Cohen Awards honored the best short story and poem published in the literary journal "Ploughshares".
 The awards were sponsored by longtime Ploughshares patrons Denise and Mel Cohen.
 Finalists were nominated by staff editors, and the winners were selected by the advisory editors.
 Each winner received a cash prize of $600.
 The journal has since replaced the award with the Alice Hoffman Prize for Fiction.
Aquamarine is a novel by Alice Hoffman, published in April 2001.
 A film adaptation was released in 2006, although the plot of the film bears little resemblance to that of the book.
Indigo is a novel written by Alice Hoffman, published by Scholastic in 2002.
Practical Magic is a 1995 novel by Alice Hoffman.
 The book was adapted into a 1998 film of the same name.
Green Angel is a 2003 post-apocalyptic young adult novel written by Alice Hoffman.
 It tells the story of a girl's isolation, suffering and gradual recovery after her family dies in a catastrophic fire.
 It has elements of magic realism and dystopian fiction.
 It was followed by a sequel, "Green Witch", in 2010, and a compilation of both novels, which was then followed by "Green Heart, in 2012" .
The Ice Queen is a novel by Alice Hoffman, published by Vintage Books in 2006.
Independence Day is a 1983 film directed by Robert Mandel from a script by the novelist Alice Hoffman.
 It was designed by Stewart Campbell and shot by Charles Rosher.
 It stars Kathleen Quinlan, David Keith, Cliff DeYoung, Frances Sternhagen and Dianne Wiest.
