Tarantas and Taranto are two related styles ("palos") of Flamenco music, that originated in the "Andalusian" province of Almería.
 Each is characterized by a shared modality (F-sharp Phrygian) and harmonic progression (Bm - A7 - G - F-sharp), but differ significantly with respect to rhythm and meter.
 "Tarantas" is a cante libre (or tocque libre, if played as a solo), meaning that it lacks both a regular rhythmic pattern ("compás", in flamenco terminology) and a regular rhythmic unit (or beat).
 It can be sung or played, but not danced.
 "Taranto", conversely, has a regular 2/4 meter, and is danceable.
 When played on, or accompanied by, the guitar, both "palos" have a unique and characteristic sound that is created, in part, by dissonances that result from the use of the guitar's first three open strings (E, B, and G, respectively), in combination with harmonies and melodies based on the F-sharp Phrygian mode.
The clave, (] , Anglicized pronunciation: ), is a rhythmic pattern used as a tool for temporal organization in Afro-Cuban music.
 It is present in a variety of genres such as Abakuá music, rumba, conga, son, mambo, salsa, songo, timba and Afro-Cuban jazz.
 The five-stroke clave pattern represents the structural core of many Afro-Cuban rhythms.
In Western musical theory, a "cadence" (Latin "cadentia", "a falling") is "a melodic or harmonic configuration that creates a sense of resolution [finality or pause]".
 A harmonic cadence is a progression of (at least) two chords that concludes a phrase, section, or piece of music.
 A rhythmic cadence is a characteristic rhythmic pattern that indicates the end of a phrase.
 A cadence is labelled more or less "weak" or "strong" depending on its sense of finality.
 While cadences are usually classified by specific chord or melodic progressions, the use of such progressions does not necessarily constitute a cadence—there must be a sense of closure, as at the end of a phrase.
 Harmonic rhythm plays an important part in determining where a cadence occurs.
The ride cymbal is a standard cymbal in most drum kits.
 It maintains a steady rhythmic pattern, sometimes called a ride pattern, rather than the accent of a crash.
 It is normally placed on the extreme right (or dominant hand) of a drum set, above the floor tom.
Six Melodies is a collection of six pieces for violin and keyboard instrument by John Cage.
 It was composed in 1950, shortly after Cage completed his "String Quartet in Four Parts".
 The work uses the same techniques: the gamut technique and the nested rhythmic proportions.
 First, a fixed number of sonorities (single tones, intervals and aggregates) is prepared, each created independently of the other.
 These sonorities are called gamuts.
 Sequences of gamuts are then used to create melodies with harmonic backgrounds that are in no way connected to functional harmony, which Cage sought to avoid.
 The collection of gamuts used in "Six Melodies" is nearly identical to the one used in the "String Quartet" (Cage called "Six Melodies" "a postscript" to that work).
 The structure of each piece, and that of each phrase, is defined by the same rhythmic pattern: 3 1/2, 3 1/2, 4, 4, 3, 4.
 The violinist is instructed in the score to play without vibrato and with minimum weight on the bow.
Keplok is a style of clapping used in Javanese gamelan.
 The clapping is in a specific interlocking rhythmic pattern and is performed by the gerong when they are not singing.
 It is usually associated with the lively ciblon (Surakarta) or batangan (Yogyakarta) drumming.
 Usually one person claps on the on-beats while another claps on the off-beats, and then another pair clap a similar pattern at half the tempo.
 This interlocking pattern is similar to the imbal patterns played on the saron.
 Keplok is often performed along with senggakan.
A drum beat or drum pattern is a rhythmic pattern, or repeated rhythm establishing the meter and groove through the pulse and subdivision, played on drum kits and other percussion instruments.
 As such a "beat" consists of multiple drum strokes occurring over multiple musical beats while the term "drum beat" may also refer to a single drum stroke which may occupy more or less time than the current pulse.
 Many drum beats define or are characteristic of specific music genres.
In molecular biology, an oscillating gene is a gene that is expressed in a rhythmic pattern or in periodic cycles.
 Oscillating genes are usually circadian and can be identified by periodic changes in the state of an organism.
 Circadian rhythms, controlled by oscillating genes, have a period of approximately 24 hours.
 For example, plant leaves opening and closing at different times of the day or the sleep-wake schedule of animals can all include circadian rhythms.
 Other periods are also possible, such as 29.5 days resulting from circalunar rhythms or 12.4 hours resulting from circatidal rhythms.
 Oscillating genes include both core clock component genes and output genes.
 A core clock component gene is a gene necessary for to the pacemaker.
 However, an output oscillating gene, such as the AVP gene, is rhythmic but not necessary to the pacemaker.
The tumdak' is a hand-struck double-headed membranophone of the Santal people of India.
 The Santal typically use the Tumdak' in combination with the Tamah' for religious ceremonies and Santal festivals.
 Both drums are almost universally played by men rather than women.
 The body of the drum is cylindrical and made from clay.
 The two heads of the drum are usually cowhide, the right one being slightly smaller than the left.
 Like many similar Indian drums, each head has a round patch of tuning paste in the center which enhances the sound.
 When played for dancing, the Tumdah' player suspends the drum around his neck with a cord or leather strap.
 The Tumdah' falls within the larger category of double-headed hand-struck Indian drums, which have various names: Dholak, Nal, Mridangam.
 The player strikes the Tumdak' with full hand and fingers as required by the musical pattern.
 The rhythm of the Tamak' and Tumdak' set the basic metric/rhythmic pattern for Santal dances and are essential for traditional Santal music.
A bell pattern is a rhythmic pattern of striking a hand-held bell or other instrument of the Idiophone family, to make it emit a sound at desired intervals.
 It is often a "key pattern" (also known as a "guide pattern", "phrasing referent", "timeline", or "asymmetrical timeline"), in most cases it is a metal bell, such as an agogô, gankoqui, or cowbell, or a hollowed piece of wood, or wooden claves.
 In formal music, bell patterns are also played on the metal shell of the timbales, and drum kit cymbals.
