Air Service Plus was a low cost airline based in Pescara, Abruzzo, Italy.
 It operated services to destinations in Europe.
 Flights are currently operated by Axis Airways, a French airline.
 Its main base is Abruzzo International Airport, Pescara.
Come Fly with Me is a British mockumentary television comedy series created by and starring Matt Lucas and David Walliams.
 Narrated by Lindsay Duncan, the series launched on 25 December 2010 on BBC One and BBC One HD.
 A spoof of British documentaries "Airport" and "Airline", the series follows the activity at a fictional airport and three fictional airlines: FlyLo (a low cost airline), Our Lady Air (an Irish low cost airline) and Great British Air (a major international British airline).
Vágar Airport (Faroese: "Vága Floghavn" ) (IATA: FAE, ICAO: EKVG) is the only airport in the Faroe Islands, and is located 1 NM east of Sørvágur.
 Due to the Faroe Islands' status as a self-governing territory, the airport is not subject to the rules of the European Union.
 It is the main operating base for Faroese national airline Atlantic Airways and, for a brief period during 2006, was also the base for the low cost airline FaroeJet.
Godrej BKC (Bandra-Kurla Complex) is a project by Godrej Properties Limited developed in partnership with Jet Airways located in Mumbai, India.
 Of the 1.3mn sq. ft., 250,000 sq. ft. of the building would be used as the corporate headquarters of Jet Airways (India) Limited.
 The Architectural Partner would be SOM (Skidmore, Owings and Merrill) and the construction would be undertaken by L&T.
 Profits are to be shared in the ratio of 50:50 between Godrej Properties and Jet Airways.
 Godrej BKC is LEED Platinum pre-certified.
JetLite is a low-cost subsidiary of Jet Airways.
 It was formerly known as "Air Sahara" until the buyout by Jet Airways which rebranded the airline as JetLite.
TAESA (Transportes Aéreos Ejecutivos) was a low cost airline with its headquarters in No. 27 of Hangar Zone C on the grounds of Mexico City International Airport in Mexico City, Mexico.
 The airline, owned by a business person legally represented by Alberto Abed Schekaiban, was established on April 27, 1988 operating executive business aircraft and later on in 1989 received their first Boeing 727-100 which was used to launch regular scheduled passenger service.
AirTran Airways is a defunct North American low cost airline.
VivaColombia is a Colombian low-cost airline based in Medellín, Colombia.
 VivaColombia is the first true low cost carrier in Colombia.
 It is partly owned by the founders of Europe's biggest low cost airline, Ryanair.
Tuzla International Airport (Bosnian: "Međunarodni aerodrom Tuzla/Међународни аеродром Тузла" ); (IATA: TZL, ICAO: LQTZ) is an airport near Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tuzla International Airport is second largest airport in Bosnia and Herzegovina, right after Sarajevo International Airport.
 The airport is known as a low cost airline hub of Bosnia and Herzegovina, since it's used by people from Bosnia, the diaspora and travelers from neighboring countries Croatia and Serbia.
 The airport is a civilian airport and a military airbase.
Philadelphia International Airport (IATA: PHL, ICAO: KPHL, FAA LID: PHL) , often referred to just by its IATA code PHL, is a major airport in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States, and is the largest airport in the Delaware Valley region and in the state.
 The airport is a major international hub for American Airlines and a regional cargo hub for UPS Airlines.
 Philadelphia International Airport is also a focus city for ultra low cost airline Frontier Airlines.
 The airport has service to destinations in the United States, Canada, the Caribbean, Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East.
 Most of the airport property is located in Philadelphia proper.
 The international terminal and the western end of the airfield are located in Tinicum Township, Delaware County.
 PHL covers 2,302 acres (932 ha).
