Leptofoenus is a genus of wasp in the family Pteromalidae, the type genus subfamily Leptofoeninae found in South, Central, and southern North America.
 The genus contains five living species and one extinct species known from early Miocene Burdigalian stage Dominican amber deposits on the island of Hispaniola.
 With body sizes ranging from 11 - "Leptofoenus" species are larger than nearly all other species in Pteromalidae.
 The genus bears a notable resemblance to the wasp families Pelecinidae, Gasteruptiidae, and Stephanidae.
Pachyornis is an extinct genus of ratites from New Zealand which belonged to the moa family.
 Like all ratites it was a member of the order Struthioniformes.
 The Struthioniformes are flightless birds with a sternum without a keel.
 They also have a distinctive palate.
 This genus contains three species, and are part of the Anomalopteryginae or lesser moa subfamily.
 "Pachyornis" moa were the stoutest and most heavy-legged genus of the family.
 The most notable species being "Pachyornis elephantopus" - the Heavy-Footed Moa.
 They were generally similar to the Eastern Moa or the Broad-billed moa of the genus "Euryapteryx", but differed in having a pointed bill and being more heavyset in general.
 At least one species ("P. australis") is assumed to have had a crest of long feathers on its head.
 The species became rapidly extinct following human colonization of New Zealand, with the possible exception of "P. australis", which may have already been extinct by then.
The following is a list of some notable species of the agaric genus "Amanita".
 This genus contains over 500 named species and varieties, but the list is far from exhaustive.
 The list follows the classification of subgenera and sections of "Amanita" outline by Corner and Bas; Bas, as used by Tulloss (2007) and modified by Redhead & al. (2016) for "Amanita" subgenus "Amanitina" and Singer for "Amanita" section "Roanokenses".
 Bolding of the species name and an asterisk (*) following indicates the species is the type species of that section, with a double asterisk (**) indicating the type species of the entire genus.
 Use of common names follows Tulloss (2007), Holden (2003), Arora (1986), and Lincoff (1981).
Ceratozamia is a genus of New World cycads in the family Zamiaceae.
 The genus contains 27 known currently living species and one or two fossil species.
 Most species are endemic to mountainous areas of Mexico, while few species extend into the mountains of Guatemala, Honduras and Belize.
 The genus name comes from the Greek "ceras", meaning horn, which refers to the paired, spreading horny projections on the male and female sporophylls of all species.
Banksiamyces is a genus of fungi in the order Helotiales, with a tentative placement in the family Helotiaceae.
 The genus contains four species, which grow on the seed follicles of the dead infructescences or "cones" of various species of "Banksia", a genus in the plant family Proteaceae endemic to Australia.
 Fruit bodies of the fungus appear as small (typically less than 10 mm diameter), shallow dark cups on the follicles of the "Banksia" fruit.
 The edges of dry fruit bodies fold inwards, appearing like narrow slits.
 The first specimens of "Banksiamyces", known then as "Tympanis toomansis", were described in 1887.
 Specimens continued to be collected occasionally for almost 100 years before becoming examined more critically in the early 1980s, leading to the creation of a new genus to contain what was determined to be three distinct species, "B. katerinae", "B. macrocarpus", and "B. toomansis".
 A fourth species, "B. maccannii", was added in 1984.
Alsophis is a genus of snakes in the Colubroid Dipsadidae family.
 They are among those snakes called "racers" and occur throughout the Caribbean.
 One species in the genus "Alsophis" is one of the world’s rarest known snakes.
 Snakes of the genus "Alsophis" are small and rear-fanged snakes, and they are considered harmless to humans.
 This genus contains at least eight described species.
 Several species once included in this genus have been placed in the genera "Borikenophis" and "Pseudalsophis".
Physoderma is a genus of chytrid fungi.
 Described by German botanist Karl Friedrich Wilhelm Wallroth in 1833, the genus contains some species that are parasitic on vascular plants, including "P. alfalfae" and "P. maydis", causative agents of crown wart of alfalfa and brown spot of corn, respectively.
 Of the chytrid genera, "Physoderma" is the oldest.
 However, species were confused with the rust fungi, the genus "Synchytrium", and the genus "Protomyces" of Ascomycota.
 Members of "Physoderma" are obligate parasites of pteridophytes and angiosperms.
 There are approximately 80 species within this genus (depending on whether one includes those traditionally belonging to "Urophlyctis").
The Calyptocephalellidae are a family of toads found in Chile containing two genera, "Calyptocephalella" and "Telmatobufo".
 The "Calyptocephalella" genus contains one species, "C. gayi", the helmeted water toad, which is a large aquatic toad weighing up to 0.5 kg .
 The "Telmatobufo" genus contains four species, "T. australis", "T. bullocki", "T. ignotus", and "T. venustus".
 All species within the family are considered threatened, with "T. bullocki" and "T. venustus" being classified as critically endangered.
Megalurus is a genus of passerine bird in the family Locustellidae.
 The genus was once placed in the Old World warbler "wastebin" family Sylviidae.
 The genus contains six species also known as the typical grassbirds.
 The genus is distributed from northern China and Japan, to India in the west, and Australia in the south, with most species being located wholly or partly in the tropics.
 The genus is also sometimes considered to include the genus "Bowdleria", which holds the fernbirds of New Zealand.
 The most widespread species, the tawny grassbird, ranges from the Philippines to southern New South Wales, whereas the Fly River grassbird is restricted to swampland in the southern part of New Guinea.
 The natural habitat of the typical grassbirds is, as the name suggests, wet grasslands, swamps and other marshlands.
 Some species exist away from water in tall grasslands, heathlands, and forest clearings.
 Some species have adapted to the margins of rice fields and gardens.
Lophodermium is a genus of fungi within the family Rhytismataceae.
 The genus contains 145 species and has a global distribution.
 Species of this genus are usually observed producing zone lines, conidiomata and ascomata on dead fallen leaves, but at least some are known to colonize living leaves.
 In many cases they then live inside the colonized leaf as a symptomless endobiont, where they are regarded as detritivores utilising dead plant matter.
 In a few cases they may kill all or part of the leaf prematurely, and there is a substantial literature dealing with those species as plant pathogens.
 The genus infects many different plant families but with a notable concentration in the family Pinaceae; many "Lophodermium" species are restricted to a single host genus (or even species), but some, particularly those infecting grasses, may infect several genera.
 Some are economically important plant pathogens, such as those that cause needlecast disease in European Black Pine, Scots Pine and Red Pine in forestry and christmas tree plantations.
 In these species, notably "L. pinastri" and "L. seditiosum", the fungal spores disperse and infect the pine needles in late summer, which turn brown by the following spring and then fall off.
