8th Wonder is the second album by rap group The Sugarhill Gang.
 The album was released in 1982 for Sugarhill Records and was once again produced by Sylvia Robinson and James Cullimore.
 Though not as successful as the group's previous album, the album did feature the minor hits "8th Wonder" and "Apache" and featured an appearance by another Sugar Hill Records rap group, Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five.
Dziś w moim mieście is the first studio album of the two brothers: Pezet and Małolat.
 The production of the album was assigned to Donotan, The Returners, Szczur and DJ.
 BZa.
 Most of the beats were created by Czarny from the HIFI rap group, he was also assigned for the final mix of the album.
 There are some guest appearances on this album, like Grizzulah from The EastWest Rockers, VNM, members of the rap group Molesta Ewenement, Małpa and an Italian rapper Fabri Fibra.
Whistle was an American 1980s hip hop and contemporary R&B group that comprised Jazzy Jazz, Kool Doobie, and DJ Silver Spinner.
 They later brought in Kraze and then Terk after Kool Doobie left the group to go solo.
 Its biggest hit single as a rap group was "(Nothing Serious) Just Buggin’" in 1986.
 The group's first two albums, "Whistle", released in 1986, and "Transformation", released in 1988, were produced by the Kangol Kid from UTFO and DJ Howie Tee.
 Kangol and Howie brought in keyboardist/sound wizard, Gary Pozner (who had already become a staff producer at Select Records), to handle the sound sampling and help with the beat creation.
 Whistle released a third album, "Always and Forever", in 1990, also produced by Kangol Kid, and a fourth album, "Get The Love", in 1992.
Hot, Cool, & Vicious is the 1986 debut album by American rap group Salt-n-Pepa.
 Released by Next Plateau Records on December 8, 1986, It was one of the first albums to be released by an all-female rap group.
 "Hot, Cool, & Vicious" also became the first album by a female rap act to attain gold and platinum status in America.
Phashara is an African American rapper from the West Side of Chicago, Illinois.
 He is a founding member and one fourth of Chicago rap group the Beatmonstas which consists of himself and fellow rappers Noble Dru, Therapy & Diamond Back.
 He is also a member of rap group Sac.Fly.
 He was born and raised on Chicago’s West Side.
 He attended Lake View High School on Chicago’s North Side.
 He went on to attend Columbia College in Downtown Chicago where he began frequenting Chicago’s underground hip-hop scene.
Future Rhythm is the fourth album from rap group, Digital Underground, and also marks their first independent release.
 The album spawned two songs that were featured in the Wayans brother's film "Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood"; "Food Fight", which showcases Humpty Hump and Del tha Funkee Homosapien trading verses, and "We Got More" with the Luniz, which is also featured on the films' soundtrack.
 The album also boasts an early performance from rapper Sly Boogy while still a member of the Black Spooks.
The Fila Fresh Crew was a rap group based in Dallas, Texas and consisted of Fresh K, Dr. Rock and The D.O.C. (known as Doc-T at the time).
 Dr. Rock's association with Dr. Dre during his stint as a DJ for the World Class Wreckin' Cru helped land the Fila Fresh Crew a spot on the "N.W.A and the Posse" compilation album in 1987.
 A year later the trio released minor material through Macola Records even though the group broke up by 1988.
 Doc-T changed his name to The D.O.C. and became a valuable contributor to the Eazy-E debut album and the newly formed gangsta rap group N.W.A, acting as a writer to many track with Ruthless Records (and later Death Row Records).
 However The D.O.C. is most remembered for his 1989 debut album "No One Can Do It Better" featuring the hit single "It's Funky Enough".
 During the same time, Dr. Rock continued to re-release his former group's works and launched a solo album of his own in 1991 under the pseudonym Fela Fresh Crew.
World Premiere is the fourth album released by rap group, Partners-N-Crime.
 It was released on August 7, 2001 for South Coast Music.
 The album is extremely rare and was the group's last for South Coast Music.
Saïd M'Roumbaba (born 14 January 1979 in Marseille, Occitania, France), better known by his stage name Soprano (] ), is a French singer and rapper of Comorian descent.
 He is a part of the rap group Psy 4 de la Rime.
 After leaving the group to make his first solo album he recorded his solo debut "Puisqu'il Faut Vivre" which made the "Billboard" European Top 100.
 He returned in 2010 with a new solo album called "La Colombe", which included collaborations with numerous artists such as Amadou & Mariam.
 He has continued to work with Psy4 de la Rime: their third album, "Les Cités d'Or", was released in 2008, and their fourth album "4eme Dimension" came out in April 2013.
 He is one of the only rappers who raps without cursing.
 He is also known as Marseille's icon.
R.A.C.L.A. (an abbreviation of Rime Alese Care Lovesc Adânc - Handpicked Rhymes with a Deeper Meaning) is a Romanian hip hop group, founded in 1993 in Bucharest.
 Initially consisting of brothers Călin "Rimaru" Ionescu and Daniel "Clonatu'" Ionescu, the group released the first Romanian hip hop album in 1995 on Kromm Studio, an independent record label.
 One of first and most critically acclaimed hip hop acts in Romania, it has been through numerous personnel changes after Clonatu's departure from the group in 1998, with Rimaru remaining the sole constant member throughout the years.
 Originally known among its fans as a hardcore and political rap group, they would later gain a larger fan base in their native Romania following their collaboration with pop singer Anda Adam in 1999.
 In the mid and late 1990s, R.A.C.L.A. also gained notoriety for their involvement in a violent conflict with gangsta rap group B.U.G. Mafia and some of their affiliates at the time, such as La Familia and Il-Egal.
 The dispute initially produced a number of diss tracks from both sides and would later lead to physical altercations between members of the groups.
 While never officially announcing their hiatus, the group became largely inactive for a number of years following the release of their fifth album in 2005 and group member Connect-R's departure in 2006.
 Rimaru made a number of infrequent appearances as a solo artist and, as of 2014, has returned to performing under the group name, while also recruiting DJ GreWu, DJ Semplaru and rappers EyeKon and later TKE and Boka, as touring members of R.A.C.L.A.
