University Cooperative Housing Association (UCHA) is a student housing cooperative in Westwood, Los Angeles serving the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) campus.
 Approximately 400 students live there and in addition to housing UCLA students, UCHA offers housing to students of any college, including the UCLA Extension and Santa Monica College.
 UCHA operates three buildings, Hardman-Hansen Hall, Essene Hall, and Robison Hall, the latter being a renovated version of the Landfair Apartments and cultural landmark designed by Richard Neutra.
 Jim Morrison, of The Doors, purportedly lived at UCHA during his time at UCLA.
 Green Day and Margaret Cho performed at UCHA in the early 1990s.
 In addition to the UCLA campus, Hardman-Hansen and Robison Halls were used as filming locations for the 1982 horror film, The Dorm That Dripped Blood.
 Many students of China's Lost Generation studying at UCLA reside at UCHA.
Eduard Schweizer (1913-2006) was a Swiss New Testament scholar who taught at the University of Zurich for an extended period.
 He won the Burkitt Medal for Biblical Studies in 1996.
Medical & Dental College Admission Test (MDCAT) is a test conducted in Pakistan every year for Pre-medical students and is conducted by the University of Health Sciences (Lahore), Liaquat University of Medical and Health Sciences, Jinnah Sindh Medical University, Karachi Medical and Dental college, Peoples University of Medical and Health Sciences for Women and further five more (public) universities and 14 (private) universities in Sindh total registered public universities are 10 and private 14 in Sindh for more information regarding universities of Pakistan see the List of medical schools in Pakistan .
 Previously, its name was "'Medical College Admission Test (MCAT)'" and new name was assigned in 2017.
 MDCAT or MCAT is pre-requisite for admission in all Medical college both private sector or public.
 However, being selected in Public/Government college is more challenge able for students as many students apply for Public colleges as their first desire due to more facilities and highly developed education in Public/Government college.
Donald B. Fullerton (July 6, 1892 – April 9, 1985) was a Christian missionary and teacher who founded the Princeton Evangelical Fellowship and served with it from 1931 until 1980.
 He was noted for convincing many students at Princeton University of the truth of the Christian faith.
 Arthur Glasser also credited his conversion to Dr. Fullerton, through hearing him speak at the Keswick Bible Conference.
 In addition to his evangelistic efforts, Dr. Fullerton was a major spiritual influence on many students including Paul Pressler, a major figure in the Conservative resurgence of the Southern Baptist Convention, and the noted Reformed theologian John Frame.
 He was a member of the Princeton University Class of 1913 and received an honorary Doctorate of Ministry from Grace Theological Seminary.
BMVA Summer School is an annual summer school on computer vision, organised by the British Machine Vision Association and Society for Pattern Recognition (BMVA).
 The course is residential, usually held over five days, and consists of lectures and practicals in topics in image processing, computer vision, pattern recognition.
 It is intended that the course will complement and extend the material in existing technical courses that many students/researchers will encounter in their early stage of postgraduate training or caeeers.
 It aims to broaden awareness of knowledge and techniques in Vision, Image Computing and Pattern Recognition, and to develop appropriate research skills, and for students to interact with their peers, and to make contacts among those who will be the active researchers of their own generation.
 It is open to students from both UK and non-UK universities.
 The registration fees vary based on time of registration and are in general slightly higher for non-UK students.
 The summer school has been hosted locally by various universities in UK that carry out Computer Vision research, e.g., Kingston University, the University of Manchester and Swansea University.
Symphony, the annual cultural festival of K. J. Somaiya College of Engineering, has created its name and popularity among Engineering and Management institutes far and wide for the last decade.
 Every year many students from various institutes be a part of this festival.
 The main aim is to promote, encourage and exhibit the talents of the students on a common platform and create interest in the classical, vocal and instrumental music.
 Symphony hosts more than 9000 students every year.
 Symphony has been graced by artists of the magnitude of Pt.
 Hariprasad Chaurasia, Pt ShivKumar Sharma, Louis Banks, Hariharan, Indus Creed, Parikrama, KK, Bombay Vikings, Taufiq Qureshi, Dagar, Suraj Jagan, and Ustad Zakir Hussain.
 The event also has a social touch to propagate a message relevant to the times like AIDS awareness, etc.
 There have also been Auto Shows and an Army display at Symphony.
 The organization is done by students which is also a time for building strong camaraderie and teamwork.
 Many students look back fondly at the memories gathered during this phase of their lives.
Matthias Eduard Schweizer (8 August 1818 – 23 October 1860) was a Swiss chemist.
Port Moody Secondary School is a public coeducational high school located in Port Moody, British Columbia.
 The school is notable for offering the International Baccalaureate Program and the Career Preparation Program to its students, which many students travel from other districts to participate in.
 There are approximately 400 students in the pre-International Baccalaureate Diploma programme and the International Baccalaureate diploma programme tracks.
 Port Moody Secondary is widely known in the area for sending an impressive number of students to the world's most selectivities universities.
 In the past three years, students have matriculated to schools such as: Harvard University, Princeton University, University of Chicago, University of Pennsylvania, Cornell University, UC Berkeley and Dartmouth College.
 Port Moody serves grades nine through twelve and currently has an enrollment of 1,312 students.
 The school is respected for its academics, visual arts, musical arts and athletic programs.
The Pennsylvania Governor's School for the Sciences (PGSS) is one of the Pennsylvania Governor's Schools of Excellence, a group of five-week summer programs for gifted high school students in the state of Pennsylvania.
 Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh has hosted the program since its inception in 1982.
 Most recently, it has been directed by Physics Professor Dr. Barry Luokkala.
 Participants are required to be Pennsylvania high school students between their junior and senior years and are required to live in the dormitories for the full five weeks of the program.
 Admission is very competitive - approximately 500 of the most scientifically gifted students in the state compete for 56 to 60 slots in the program.
 The aim of PGSS is to promote interest in science rather than to advance students' knowledge in a specific area.
 The curriculum includes five "core" courses in Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics, and numerous electives.
 In addition to taking classes, students are required to participate in a lab course and a research-style team project.
 The emphasis is on cooperation, rather than competition - students are encouraged to both collaborate with other students on academic work and to interact socially.
 The Residence Life staff provides a number of structured social events to foster friendship and teamwork.
 There is at least one event per day and is advertised on the social calendar in the dorm lobby.
 For many students, the social development gained from the program rivals the scientific knowledge they acquire.
 The students leave the program with a strong bond; most attend an organized reunion the following year after the 4th week of the program.
The National High School Debate League of China, or simply NHSDLC, is an English-language high school debate league serving Mainland China.
 It uses the Public Forum debate format.
 Each year, the NHSDLC sees around 50,000 students participate in its debate workshops and around 12,000 students participate in its regional or national tournaments that it hosts in more than 33 cities in China.
 According to The Economist, many students believe participating will help their application to a Western university.
 It was founded in 2012, and it hosted one of China's first ever English-language high school national debate tournaments for local students at Peking University in May 2013.
 Each year, its national debate championship hosted in Beijing attracts 450 students from around China.
 NHSDLC is partnered with Harvard College Mentors for Urban Debate, Penn for Youth Debate, the Chicago Debate Society, the Yale Debate Association, Sunrise International Education, and the Stanford Youth Debate Initiative.
