The Kreisky–Peter–Wiesenthal affair was a political and personal feud in the 1970s fought between the then Austrian chancellor Bruno Kreisky and the Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal arising from Kreisky's ministerial appointments and the SS past of Freedom Party leader Friedrich Peter, which had been revealed by Wiesenthal.
Simon Wiesenthal (31 December 1908 – 20 September 2005) was a Jewish Austrian Holocaust survivor, Nazi hunter, and writer.
Vladimir Katriuk (1 October 1921 – 22 May 2015) was a Canadian man of Ukrainian ancestry, born in the village of Luzhany, near the city of Chernivtsi.
 Chernivtsi is situated in the region known as Bukovina, which in 1921 was part of the Kingdom of Romania.
 Katriuk was accused by the Simon Wiesenthal Center of having been an active participant in the Khatyn massacre during World War II.
 In 2012, Katriuk was ranked number three on the List of Most Wanted Nazi War Criminals according to the Simon Wiesenthal Center.
 Katriuk denied any involvement in war crimes.
Avi Benlolo is a Canadian human rights activist, president, and chief executive officer of Friends of Simon Wiesenthal Center for Holocaust Studies (FSWC), the Canadian branch of the Simon Wiesenthal Center.
 He was appointed in 2000.
Alan M Strauss-Schom is an American-born historian and biographer, born in Sterling, Illinois, in 1937.
 He attended Beverly Hills High School and received an A.B. in French/ European History from University of California, Berkeley, a Ph.D at Durham University (England), School of Oriental Studies.
 He taught French and Modern European History at Southern Connecticut State University and at the University of California, Riverside.
 He served as the President and Founder of the French Colonial Historical Society (1974–76), and founded its research journal, French Colonial Studies.
 He was a research fellow at the Hoover Institution in 1984.
 In 1997 prepared two published reports for the Simon Wiesenthal Centre (Los Angeles) on the actions of the Swiss Government to prevent Jewish refugees during World War II from entering or residing in that country.
 These reports are available from the Simon Wiesenthal Centre.
 He gave three international press conferences in 1998 on these reports: in Los Angeles, New York City and Paris.
 He has given interviews over the BBC,RADIO FRANCE, ABC, CBS, NBC, etc., and in several newspapers.
 Dr Strauss-Schom has given public lectures across the United States and Europe, e.g., University of California, Berkeley,Santa Barbara and Riverside, University of Georgia, American Historical Association, French Colonial Historical Society, Université de Laval, Canada, University Club (Portland, Oregon), Dartmouth College, School of Oriental and African Studies in London, and The School of Oriental Studies, Durham University, the New University of Louvain (Belgium), guest lectures at Oxford University, etc.
Simon Wiesenthal, KBE (December 31, 1908September 20, 2005) was an Austrian Holocaust survivor who became famous after World War II for his work as a Nazi hunter.
 He was presented with many awards, merits, and honorary doctorates over the course of his life.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center (often abbreviated SWC), with headquarters in Los Angeles, California, United States, was established in 1977 and named for Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal.
 According to its mission statement, it is "an international Jewish human rights organization dedicated to repairing the world one step at a time.
Efraim Zuroff (born August 5, 1948) is an American-born Israeli historian and Nazi hunter who has played a key role in bringing indicted Nazi and fascist war criminals to trial.
 Zuroff, the director of the Simon Wiesenthal Center office in Jerusalem, is the coordinator of Nazi war crimes research worldwide for the Wiesenthal Center and the author of its annual "Status Report" on the worldwide investigation and prosecution of Nazi war criminals which includes a list of "most wanted" Nazi war criminals.
Operation Last Chance was launched July 2002 by the Simon Wiesenthal Center with its mission statement being to track down ex-Nazis still in hiding.
 Most of them would be nearing the end of their lifetimes, hence the operation's name.
 Efraim Zuroff is director of the Wiesenthal Center in Jerusalem who serves as the Israeli liaison as well as overseer of this project, the focus of which is investigation, prosecution, and conviction of the last remaining Nazi war criminals and collaborators.
 Many have obtained citizenship in Canada and the United States under false pretences; usually by misrepresentation, omission, or falsification of their criminal past, specifically war crimes which rose to the level of crimes against humanity.
A Nazi hunter is a private individual who tracks down and gathers information on alleged former Nazis, SS members, and Nazi collaborators who were involved in the Holocaust, typically for use at trial on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
 Prominent Nazi hunters include Simon Wiesenthal, Tuviah Friedman, Serge and Beate Klarsfeld, Ian Sayer, Yaron Svoray, Elliot Welles, and Efraim Zuroff.
