Lingwai Daida (), variously translated as "Representative Answers from the Region beyond the Mountains", "Notes Answering [Curious Questions] from the land beyond the Pass" or other similar titles, is a 12th century geographical treatise written by Zhou Qufei ().
 It contains information on the geography, history, social custom and economy of territories of southern China, Guangxi in particular.
 It also includes descriptions of oversea states as far away as Africa and southern Spain.
Lindon is the land beyond the Ered Luin, the Blue Mountains, in the northwest of Middle-earth in the fictional universe of J. R. R. Tolkien.
 It is the westernmost land of the continent.
 The Gulf of Lune divides it into Forlindon (North Lindon) and Harlindon (South Lindon).
 Mithlond or the Grey Havens stood near the mouth of the River Lhûn at the gulf's eastern end.
"Satumaa" (roughly, in English "The Fabled Land" or "The Fairytale Land") is the quintessential Finnish tango.
 It was written by Unto Mononen, and published in 1955.
 The most famous recording is probably the one made by Reijo Taipale in 1962.
 The lyrics tell a story of a distant land beyond the sea — a happy paradise — however, the narrator can only reach it in his thoughts.
 The song has been recorded countless times, mainly by male Finnish tango singers.
From The Sea to the Land Beyond: Britain's Coast on Film is a documentary feature film directed by Penny Woolcock, with an original soundtrack by British indie-rock band British Sea Power.
 The project was originally produced by Crossover and Sheffield Doc/Fest as part of The Space project from the BBC and the Arts Council England.
 The film was edited by Alex Fry.
Tanjung Layar, formerly Java's Eerste Punt in Dutch, and Java's First Point, or Java Head in English is a prominent cape at the extreme western end of Java, at the Indian Ocean entrance to the Sunda Strait.
 Java Head is a bluff at the sea's edge with higher land beyond, visible from a significant distance at sea, with deep water close to the shore.
 Its name means "sail cape" because of the shape of a rock close to its shore.
 Cape Gede, the westernmost point of Java, is located in its southwestern part.
Transoxiana (also spelled Transoxania), known in Arabic sources as Mā warāʼ al-Nahr (Arabic: ما وراء النهر‎ ‎ ] – 'what [is] beyond the [Oxus] river') and in Persian as Farārūd (Persian: فرارود‎ ‎ , ] —'beyond the [Amudarya] river'), is the ancient name used for the portion of Central Asia corresponding approximately with modern-day Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, southern Kyrgyzstan, and southwest Kazakhstan.
 Geographically, it is the region between the Amu Darya (Ancient Greek: Ώξος "Ốxos") and Syr Darya rivers.
 The area had been known to the Romans as Transoxania (Land beyond the Oxus), to the Arabs as Mawarannahr (Land Beyond the River), and to the Iranians as Turan, a term used in the Persian national epic Shahnameh.
The Trans-Baikal conifer forests ecoregion (WWF ID:PA0609) covers a 1,000 km by 1,000 km region of mountainous southern taiga stretching east and south from the shores of Lake Baikal in the Southern Siberia region of Russia, and including part of northern Mongolia.
 Historically, the area has been called "Dauria", or Transbaikal ("the land beyond Lake Baikal").
 It is in the Palearctic ecozone (WWF System Biome), and mostly in the Boreal forests/taiga ecoregion with a subarctic, humid climate.
 It covers 200465 km2 .
Whitecourt crater is a meteorite impact crater in central Alberta, Canada.
 It is located approximately 10 km southeast of the Town of Whitecourt within Woodlands County.
 The crater was found by Sonny Stevens, a resident of Whitecourt, on July 3, 2007.
 Stevens was hunting in the area, and later found the first fragments of the meteorite while metal detecting on the crater rim.
 The meteoritic nature of the fragments, and thus the authenticity of the crater, was confirmed by Dr. Chris Herd, professor of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences at the University of Alberta.
 The area has been placed within a 200-metre by 200-metre protected zone, within which collecting is prohibited and subject to a $50,000 fine or one year in jail.
 However, the vast majority of fragments have been found on Crown land beyond the protected area.
Fezzan (Berber: , "Fezzan"; Arabic: فزان‎ ‎ , "Fizzān"; Turkish: "Fizan" ; Latin: "Phasania" ) or Phazania is the southwestern region of modern Libya.
 It is largely desert, but broken by mountains, uplands, and dry river valleys (wadis) in the north, where oases enable ancient towns and villages to survive deep in the otherwise inhospitable Sahara Desert.
 The term originally applied to the land beyond the coastal strip of Africa proconsularis, including the Nafusa and extending west of modern Libya over Ouargla and Illizi.
 As these Berber areas came to be associated with the regions of Tripoli, Cirta or Algiers, the name was increasingly applied to the arid areas south of Tripolitania.
 Fezzan is Libya’s poorest region.
Kresy Wschodnie or Kresy (] , Eastern Borderlands, or Borderlands) was a region of the Second Polish Republic during the interwar period constituting nearly half of the territory of the state; where the ethnic Poles, being the largest group, were roughly equal in their number to the size of the national minorities (with notable exceptions).
 Administratively, the territory of Kresy was composed of voivodeships of Lwów, Nowogródek, Polesie, Stanisławów, Tarnopol, Wilno, Wołyń, and the Białystok.
 Today, these territories are divided between Western Ukraine, Western Belarus, and south-eastern Lithuania, with such major cities as Lviv, Vilnius, and Grodno no longer in Poland.
 In the Second Polish Republic the term "Kresy" roughly equated with the lands beyond the so-called Curzon Line, which was suggested after World War I in December 1919 by the British Foreign Office as the eastern border of the re-emerging sovereign Republic following the century of partitions.
 In September 1939, after the Soviet Union joined Nazi Germany in their attack on Poland in accordance with the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, the territories were incorporated into Soviet Ukraine, Belarus and Lithuania in the atmosphere of terror.
