Georgetown is a home rule-class city in Scott County, Kentucky, in the United States.
 The 2016 population was 33,440 per the United States Census Bureau.
 It is the 7th-largest city by population in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
 It is the seat of its county.
 It was originally called Lebanon when founded by Rev. Elijah Craig and was renamed in 1790 in honor of President George Washington.
<ref name="History of Georgetown/Scott County"> </ref> It is the home of Georgetown College, a private liberal arts college.
 Georgetown is part of the Lexington-Fayette, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Lexington, consolidated with Fayette County and often denoted as Lexington-Fayette, is the second-largest city in Kentucky and the 60th-largest city in the United States.
 Known as the "Horse Capital of the World," it is the heart of the state's Bluegrass region.
 With a mayor-alderman form of government, it is one of two cities in Kentucky designated by the state as first-class; the other is the state's largest city of Louisville.
 In the 2016 U.S. Census Estimate, the city's population was 318,449, anchoring a metropolitan area of 506,751 people and a combined statistical area of 723,849 people.
 Due to constant increases in population, Lexington suffers the worst traffic congestion in Kentucky, because two interstates bypass the city to the north and east, resulting in a lack of freeways (besides partial freeway New Circle Road) going through the most populated areas of the city.
The Cat Canyon Oil Field is a large oil field in the Solomon Hills of central Santa Barbara County, California, about 10 miles southeast of Santa Maria.
 It is the largest oil field in Santa Barbara County, and as of 2010 is the 20th-largest in California by cumulative production.
Eden Prairie is an edge city 12 mi southwest of downtown Minneapolis in Hennepin County, and the 12th-largest city in the State of Minnesota.
 It is on the north bank of the Minnesota River, upstream from its confluence with the Mississippi River.
 Eden Prairie and nearby suburbs form the southwest portion of Minneapolis–Saint Paul, the 15th-largest metropolitan area in the United States, with about 3.6 million residents.
 Eden Prairie had a population of 60,797 at the 2010 census, which made it the 7th-largest suburb in the Twin Cities and the 12th-largest city in Minnesota.
Pride Park Stadium is an all-seater football stadium in Derby, England, that is the home ground of English Football League club Derby County.
 With a capacity of 33,597, it is the 16th-largest football ground in England and the 20th-largest stadium in the United Kingdom.
 Located on Pride Park, a business park on the outskirts of Derby city centre, the stadium was built as part of the commercial redevelopment of the area in the 1990s.
 Derby County have played at the ground since it opened in 1997 as a replacement for their former home, the Baseball Ground.
 Due to sponsorship, the venue was officially known as the iPro Stadium between 2013 and 2016.
Murray is a home rule-class city in Calloway County, Kentucky, in the United States.
 It is the seat of Calloway County and the 20th-largest city in Kentucky.
 The city's population was 17,741 during the 2010 U.S. census, and its micropolitan area's population was 37,191.
St. Matthews is a city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
 It forms part of the Louisville Metro government but is separately incorporated as a home rule-class city.
 The population was 15,852 at the 2000 census, making it the 20th-largest city in the state.
San Bernardino is a city located in the Riverside-San Bernardino metropolitan area (sometimes called the "Inland Empire").
 It serves as the county seat of San Bernardino County, California, United States.
 As one of the Inland Empire's anchor cities, San Bernardino spans 81 sqmi on the floor of the San Bernardino Valley and has a population of 209,924 as of the 2010 census.
 San Bernardino is the 17th-largest city in California and the 100th-largest city in the United States.
 San Bernardino is home to numerous diplomatic missions for the Inland Empire, being one of four cities in California with numerous consulates (the other three being Los Angeles, San Diego and San Francisco).
 The governments of Guatemala and Mexico have also established their consulates in the downtown area of the city.
Cincinnati ( ) is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio that serves as county seat of Hamilton County.
 Settled in 1788, the city is located on the north side of the confluence of the Licking with the Ohio River.
 With a population of 298,800, Cincinnati is the third-largest city in Ohio and the 65th-largest city in the United States.
 Its metropolitan statistical area is the 28th-largest in the United States and the largest centered in Ohio.
 The city is also part of the larger Cincinnati–Middletown–Wilmington combined statistical area, which had a population of 2,172,191 in the 2010 census.
Halmstad ] (Danish: "Halmsted" ) is a port, university, industrial and recreational city at the mouth of Nissan in the province of Halland on the Swedish west coast.
 Halmstad is the seat of Halmstad Municipality and the capital of Halland County.
 The city had a population of 92,797 in 2012, out of a municipal total of over 90,000 (18th most populous - 2012).
 Halmstad is Sweden's 20th-largest city by population and located about midway between Gothenburg (the second most populous) and Malmö (the third).
 It is Europe's northernmost city with a lot of timber framing architecture.
