Vincent Paul Kartheiser (born May 5, 1979) is an American actor best known for playing Pete Campbell in "Mad Men" and Connor in the WB TV series "Angel".
Howard Hesseman (born February 27, 1940) is an American actor best known for playing disc jockey Johnny Fever on "WKRP in Cincinnati", Captain Pete Lassard in "" and schoolteacher Charlie Moore on "Head of the Class".
Scott Christopher (born January 13, 1967) is an American film and television actor known for his roles in "The Best Two Years" and "Granite Flats".
Richard Gunn is an American actor.
 He is best known for portraying Calvin "Sketchy" Theodore in the Fox series "Dark Angel" (2000–2002), Chief of Police John Sanders in the BYU TV series Granite Flats, and Aitor Quantic in the third and final season of the Netflix original series "Hemlock Grove".
Stephen W. Burns (November 15, 1954 – February 22, 1990; also credited as Stephan W. Burns and Stephan Burns) was an American actor best known for playing Pete Stancheck in "Herbie Goes Bananas" and Jack Cleary in the miniseries "The Thorn Birds".
John Ioannou is an actor best known for his role as "Pete Riley" and "Alex Yankou" on the "Degrassi" series.
Vinod Kovoor is an Indian film actor best known for his work in Malayalam cinema.
 He got fame with his role Moidu in the popular comedy show "Marimayam" broadcast by Mazhavil Manorama, which conveys a real picture of public offices in Kerala.
 He is also known for his role as "Moosakka" in "M80 Moosa", a serial in Media one channel.
 He has written books on his favorite realm mimicry and mono-act.
 His first book "Ekabhinaya Samaharam" has 25 scripts, and most of it deals with social issues and his second book "Kalolsavam Monoact" was also released.
 He got Best actor Award for the short film "Athe Karanathal" from the National Film Festival.
 He was best actor for consecutively four years in Kerala Kalolsavam.
 He won best Excellency award by Rotary, J.C.I.
 He also received Best Television Anchor Award by K.C.L, Best Comedy artist Award by Kerala Hasyavedi, Kazhcha Award and Best child artist award for the drama "Chandrolsavam" in Kambissery Nadakolsavam .
His achayan role in the super hit short film "Nerariyathe" critically acclaimed.
Charlie Plummer (born May 24, 1999) is an American film and television actor, best known for playing the lead roles of Timmy Sanders and Jack in the series "Granite Flats" and film "King Jack", respectively.
Gage Clarke (March 3, 1900 – October 22, 1964) was an American character actor best known for his role as the principal in "Mister Peepers".
 His other work consisted largely of one-shot appearances in television series such as seven major supporting roles as different characters in "Maverick", twelve roles in "Gunsmoke" (Clarke played a key role in the "Maverick" spoof of "Gunsmoke", an episode entitled "Gun-Shy"), "Mister Ed", "Laramie", "Ben Casey", "Checkmate", "The Twilight Zone", "The Real McCoys" (twice), four roles in "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Bourbon Street Beat", "Thriller", "Have Gun Will Travel", and many others, as well as movies including "I Want to Live!
", "The Bad Seed", "The Brothers Karamazov", and "The Absent-Minded Professor".
 Clarke, a slightly overweight actor with a double chin, specialized in playing avuncular, rather timid characters, with one of his largest parts being frightened gambler "Foursquare Farley" in the "Maverick" episode "Greenbacks, Unlimited" opposite James Garner and John Dehner.
 He made two guest appearances on "Perry Mason", including the role of Frederick Rollins in "The Case of the Glittering Goldfish" in 1959.
 He also played the part of Mr. Murg in "Pollyanna" in 1960.
Hugh Farrington was an American actor best known for his recurring role as Detective Pete O'Brien on the television series "T. J. Hooker".
 Farrington was injured while serving as an aviator in the United States Navy and acted while using a wheelchair.
