René Féret (26 May 1945 – 28 April 2015) was a French actor, screenwriter, film director and producer.
 His film "Solemn Communion", was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.
 In "The Man Who Wasn't There" ("L'Homme qui n'était pas là"), his 1987 film adaption of Roderick MacLeish's novel, he played alongside Claude Jade in the leading role of Charles Elaine.
Zalim Saudagar is a Bollywood drama film.
 It was released in 1941.
 The film is also known as "Merchant Of Venice".
 It was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Khalil, Kajjan, Rani Premlata, and Haider Bandi in the pivotal roles.
 Zalim Saudagar means "The Cruel Merchant"; this film was a film adaption of Shakespeare's "Merchant of Venice", and was produced by the Radha Film Company of Calcutta.
Comet is an American digital broadcast television network that is owned by the Sinclair Television Group subsidiary of the Sinclair Broadcast Group and operated by the MGM Television division of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 The network focuses on science fiction with some supernatural, horror, adventure and fantasy series and films, sourced mainly from the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film and television library.
Rosella Towne (January 20, 1918 – August 29, 2014) was an American film actress.
 She was born in Youngstown, Ohio.
 Her film career began in 1937, after making a screen test for Warner Bros. and signing a contract for the studio.
 At first she made minor appearances in motion pictures such as "Varsity Show", "It's Love I'm After" and "Submarine D-1".
 In 1939, she got her first leading role when she was chosen to play the part of comic strip character Jane Arden in a film adaption.
 While touted by critics as a future star, Towne retired from showbusiness after marrying Harry Kronman, in 1942.
 She died on August 29, 2014, aged 96.
Faith, Fraud & Minimum Wage is a 2010 comedy film adaption of Canadian playwright Josh MacDonald's play "Halo".
 The film is directed by George Mihalka, and stars Callum Keith Rennie and Martha MacIsaac.
Oh Lucy!
 is a short film directed by Atsuko Hirayanagi.
 The short film made its world premiere at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival receiving 2nd place in the Cinéfondation.
 Oh Lucy!
 has since become Academy Qualified by winning the Best International Short Film Award at the 2015 Flickerfest as well as the Short Film Jury Award: International Fiction at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival.
 The short film is the basis of an upcoming eponymous film adaption, also directed by Hirayanagi.
Paper Towns is a 2015 American mystery, comedy-drama film, directed by Jake Schreier, based on the 2008 novel of the same name by John Green.
 The film was adapted for the screen by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber, the same team that wrote the first film adaption of one of Green's novels, "The Fault in Our Stars".
 The film stars Nat Wolff and Cara Delevingne and was released on July 24, 2015, in the United States by 20th Century Fox.
 The film follows the coming of age and search by the protagonist, Quentin "Q" Jacobsen (Wolff), for Margo Roth Spiegelman (Delevingne), his childhood friend and object of affection.
 In the process, Quentin explores the relationship with his friends including his compatibility with Margo.
Emil and the Detectives (German: Emil und die Detektive ) is a 1931 German adventure film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Rolf Wenkhaus.
 It is based on the 1929 novel by Erich Kästner, who also contributed to the film's script.
 The film script was written by Billy Wilder.
 Until today, this film is generally considered to be the best film adaption of "Emil and the Detectives.
Julius Caesar is a 1953 epic Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare, directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, who also wrote the uncredited screenplay, and produced by John Houseman.
 The original music score is by Miklós Rózsa.
 The film stars Marlon Brando as Mark Antony, James Mason as Brutus, John Gielgud as Cassius, Louis Calhern as Julius Caesar, Edmond O'Brien as Casca, Greer Garson as Calpurnia, and Deborah Kerr as Portia.
At the Sign of the Jack O'Lantern is a 1922 American comedy-drama silent film based on the eponymous novel by Myrtle Reed.
 The film was directed by Lloyd Ingraham, who co-wrote the film adaption with David Kirkland.
 It stars Betty Ross Clarke, Earl Schenck and Wade Boteler.
 The film is lost.
