"Watch the Flowers Grow" is a song composed by L. Russell Brown and Raymond Bloodworth and popularized by The Four Seasons in 1967.
 The single was released in the wake of The Beach Boys' "Pet Sounds" and The Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", "Watch the Flowers Grow" struggled up the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at #30, as The Four Seasons' music was rapidly falling out of favor with the American record-buying public (the Four Seasons' next single, a cover of The Shirelles' #1 hit "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" did slightly better, reaching #24 as the last Top 40 Four Seasons hit until "Who Loves You" in 1975).
Local H's Awesome Mix Tape #2 is an extended play by American alternative rock duo Local H, which was released in December 2014 through their merchandiser, G&P Records.
 Their version of Team was previously released as "The Team EP", which was sold exclusively through live shows and from the official G&P Records website.
G.a.s. Drummers was a melodic hardcore band formed in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain at the end of 1997 by three teenagers who stood out from their other students due to their colourful hair dies and their taste in the california punk rock bands such as Bad Religion, Operation Ivy, NOFX, Lagwagon, The Descendents etc.
 Original members from other small local bands Dani Llamas (guitar and vocals), Pakomoto (Bass and vocals) and Rafa Camison (Drums) started playing together and composing their own music and after one year of sending demos around the country they got put as the opening act for Swedish Punk Rock band Randy on their Spanish tour.
 A tour that took the band through the whole country helping a lot of Spanish kids discover that there were actually Spanish bands capable of sounding as good as some of their favorite American bands.
 This lead immediately the band to sign to a young record label called Slide Chorus Records a young emerging record label from Madrid which would start releasing albums for other Spanish Punk Rock bands.
 This first release titled Proud To Be Nothing hit the streets at the end of 1999 and was presented on their first European tour which covered Spain, Great Britain, France and the Netherlands amongst Spanish punk rock legend[P.P.M.
The Wailers, often credited as The Fabulous Wailers, were an American rock band from Tacoma, Washington.
 They became popular around the United States Pacific Northwest around the late 1950s and the start of the 1960s, performing saxophone-driven R&B and Chuck Berry rock and roll.
 Their biggest hit was "Tall Cool One", first released in 1959, and they have been credited as being "one of the very first, if not the first, of the American garage bands."
UFOFU was a rock band based in Dallas, Texas.
 The band consisted of Joseph Butcher, and brothers Brandon Curtis and Ben Curtis.
 It rose to local prominence in the mid-90's through word of mouth and slots opening for other north Texas bands such as Hagfish and Tripping Daisy.
 While touring, the band opened for Local H, Smoking Popes, The Geraldine Fibbers and Spacehog.
The Four Seasons is an American rock and pop band that became internationally successful in the 1960s and 1970s.
 The Vocal Group Hall of Fame has stated that the group was the most popular rock band before the Beatles.
 Since 1970, they have also been known at times as Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons.
 In 1960, the group known as the Four Lovers evolved into the Four Seasons, with Frankie Valli as the lead singer, Bob Gaudio (formerly of the Royal Teens) on keyboards and tenor vocals, Tommy DeVito on lead guitar and baritone vocals, and Nick Massi on electric bass and bass vocals.
The Team EP (stylized as The TEAM ep) is an extended play (EP) by American alternative rock band Local H.
 "The Team EP" is the first Local H release to feature drummer Ryan Harding, who joined the band in November 2013, and was initially sold exclusively at Local H concerts.
 Limited copies have since been made available online from G&P Records, the band's official merchandiser.
Tinker Bell is a computer animated fantasy film series produced by DisneyToon Studios as part of the "Disney Fairies" franchise.
 Voices of Mae Whitman, Raven-Symoné, Lucy Liu, America Ferrera, Kristin Chenoweth and Pamela Adlon are featured in the films.
 Each of the first four films is set around one of the four seasons: "Tinker Bell" around Spring, "Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure" around Autumn, "Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue" around Summer, and "Secret of the Wings" around Winter.
 A fifth title, "Pixie Hollow Games", was supposed to be based on all four seasons, but it was released before "Secret of the Wings" and scaled down.
 A fifth film, titled "The Pirate Fairy", was released April 1, 2014, followed by the release of a sixth film "Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast" on March 3, 2015.
 The series is a spin-off of and prequel to "Peter Pan" and its sequel, "Return to Never Land".
Local H is an American rock band originally formed by guitarist and vocalist Scott Lucas, bassist Matt Garcia, drummer Joe Daniels, and lead guitarist John Sparkman in Zion, Illinois in 1987.
 The members all met in high school in 1987 and founded Local H three years later.
Four Seasons Wines Limited is an Indian winery which was established in 2006,based in Bangalore, India.
 It produces wines from grapes grown around Sahyadri valley in Maharashtra.
It is a subsidiary of United Spirits Limited(USL) of the UB Group.
 Four Seasons Wines Limited manufactures and markets wines in India.
 It provides red, white, and rose wines.
 Four Seasons Wines markets its wines under the two brand names Zinzi and Four Seasons.
