Ross Richie (born May 22, 1970) is an American comic book publisher and the founder of Boom!
 Studios, film producer, television producer and comic book creator.
 Richie has written guest columns for The Hollywood Reporter been a Keynote Speaker for The Harvey Awards and a judge for the "Spirit of Comics Retailer" Eisner Award.
 The New York Times profiled Richie and his company Boom!
 Studios twice.
 20th Century Fox production president Emma Watts called Richie's company "a publishing powerhouse devoted to original, innovative storytelling and world-class artists" and Deadline.com named it an "IP mega-library".
 The Wall Street Journal cited the Boom!
 Studios movie Richie produced, 2 Guns starring Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg, a "successful adaptation' and featured Boom!
 Studios in their article on the 2016 San Diego Comic Con International.
 Richie is a five-time publisher of New York Times best-sellers Mouse Guard the Adventure Time graphic novels Lumberjanes, Clive Barker's Hellraiser graphic novels and Irredeemable.
Steven Ross Purcell (born 1961) is an American cartoonist, animator, director and game designer.
 He is most widely known as the creator of "Sam & Max", an independent comic book series about a pair of anthropomorphic animal vigilantes and private investigators, for which Purcell received an Eisner Award in 2007.
 Since being a comic, the series has grown to incorporate an animated television series and several video games.
 A graduate of the California College of Arts and Craft, Purcell began his career creating comic strips for the college newsletter.
 He performed freelance work for Marvel Comics and Fishwrap Productions before publishing his first "Sam & Max" comic in 1987.
 Purcell was hired by LucasArts as an artist and animator in 1988, working on several titles within the company's adventure games era.
Cameron Stewart is an Eisner Award and Shuster Award-winning and Eagle Award and Harvey Award-nominated Canadian comic book artist who has worked for DC, Marvel, and Dark Horse Comics.
Chris Samnee is an American comic book artist.
 He received the 2011 Harvey Award for Most Promising Newcomer for his work on the "", and won a 2013 Eisner Award for Best Penciller/Inker for his work on the "" and his "Daredevil".
 He was also nominated for the 2006 Russ Manning Most Promising Newcomer Award.
Chuck BB (born 1981 in California) is an Eisner Award winning American comic book creator, best known for his work on "Spider-Man", "Fear Agent", and Oni's "Black Metal".
100 Bullets is an American comic book published by DC Comics under its Vertigo imprint.
 Written by Brian Azzarello and illustrated by Eduardo Risso, the comic book ran for 100 issues and won the Eisner Award and Harvey Award.
Vera Brosgol (born August 1984 in Moscow, Russia) is an Eisner Award and Harvey Award winning cartoonist and a graduate in Classical Animation of Sheridan College in Canada.
 She lives in Portland, Oregon and worked for Laika Entertainment where she did storyboards and concept art for their animation productions.
 Brosgol has also collaborated with Shaenon Garrity on "L'il Mell and Sergio" for Girlamatic and drawn several guest comics for John Allison's "Scary Go Round".
Ian Boothby is a multiple Shuster Award, Harvey Award and Eisner Award nominee and an Eisner Award–winning comic book creator best known for his work as the lead writer on "Simpsons Comics" and "Futurama Comics" for Matt Groening's Bongo Comics.
 Boothby has written more "Simpsons Comics" than any other writer.
 He has also worked on various Canadian television series and is a well known stand-up, sketch and improv comedian working in the Vancouver area.
 He co-created Free Willie Shakespeare for the Vancouver Theatresports League which won the Jessie Richardson Theatre Award for Excellence in Interactive Theatre.
American Born Chinese is a graphic novel by Gene Luen Yang.
 Released in 2006 by First Second Books, it was a finalist for the 2006 National Book Awards in the category of Young People's Literature.
 It won the 2007 Michael L. Printz Award, the 2007 Eisner Award for Best Graphic Album: New, the "Publishers Weekly" Comics Week Best Comic of the Year, the "San Francisco Chronicle" Best Book of the Year, the 2006/2007 Best Book Award from The Chinese American Librarians Association, and Amazon.com Best Graphic Novel/Comic of the Year.
 It also made the "Booklist" Top Ten Graphic Novel for Youth, the NPR Holiday Pick, and "Time (Magazine)" Top Ten Comic of the Year.
 It was colored by cartoonist Lark Pien, who received the 2007 Harvey Award for Best Colorist for her work on the book.
William Erwin "Will" Eisner ( ; March 6, 1917 – January 3, 2005) was an American cartoonist, writer, and entrepreneur.
 He was one of the earliest cartoonists to work in the American comic book industry, and his series "The Spirit" (1940–1952) was noted for its experiments in content and form.
 In 1978, he popularized the term "graphic novel" with the publication of his book "A Contract with God".
 He was an early contributor to formal comics studies with his book "Comics and Sequential Art" (1985).
 The Eisner Award was named in his honor, and is given to recognize achievements each year in the comics medium; he was one of the three inaugural inductees to the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame.
