Giovanni Bernardino Nanino (ca. 1560 – 1623) was an Italian composer, teacher and singing master of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras, and a leading member of the Roman School of composers.
 He was the younger brother of the somewhat more influential composer Giovanni Maria Nanino.
Giovanni Polese (1873 – January 1952) was an Italian operatic baritone who had an active international singing career from 1894-1928.
 He achieved the height of his success in the United States in the years 1908-1916 in the cities of Boston, Chicago, New York, and Philadelphia, and again from 1926-1928 in Chicago.
 While he sang a broad repertoire from the French, German, and Italian repertoires, he was most celebrated for his performances in the operas of Giuseppe Verdi.
 His voice is preserved on more than 20 recordings made by Edison Records.
Giuseppe Maria Nelvi (1698–1756) was an Italian composer of sacred music, opera, and oratorio.
 He was born in Bologna, where he also received his musical education, studying under Angelo Bertalotti, Floriano Aresti, Giovanni Antonio Ricieri, and Angelo Predieri.
 In 1718, at the age of 20, he was appointed "maestro di cappella" at the Confraternity of Santa Maria della Morte and in 1722 became a member of the Accademia Filarmonica di Bologna.
 In 1727 he went to Poland to serve as the music director for General Wacław Rzewuski, a post previously held by Giovanni Antonio Ricieri.
 He returned to Italy in 1730 where he remained for a year before going to Germany.
 There he worked in Frankfurt and Hamburg and was the composer to the Thurn und Taxis court in Regensberg, a post which he held until 1734.
 On his return to Bologna he was made a "Principe" (Prince) of the Accademia Filarmonica.
 From 1738 until his death he was "maestro di cappella" of the Cathedral of Orvieto.
Giovanni Pacini (11 February 17966 December 1867) was an Italian composer, best known for his operas. Pacini was born in Catania, Sicily, the son of the buffo Luigi Pacini, who was to appear in the premieres of many of Giovanni's operas.
 The family was of Tuscan origin, and just happened to be in Catania when the composer was born.
Giovanni Andrea Dragoni (or Draconi, c. 1540 – December 1598) was an Italian composer of the Roman School of the late Renaissance, a student of Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina, and a prominent composer and "maestro di cappella" in Rome in the late 16th century.
 He left numerous sacred and secular works, almost all vocal, and was especially noted for his often-reprinted books of madrigals.
Giovanni Maria Trabaci (ca. 1575 – 31 December 1647) was an Italian composer and organist.
 He was a prolific composer, with some 300 surviving works preserved in more than 10 publications; he was especially important for his keyboard music.
Don Giovanni, o sia Il convitato di pietra , also known as Don Giovanni Tenorio because the title character is played by a tenor and the opera appeared the same year as Mozart's version, (English: "Don Giovanni, or The Stone Guest") is the most famous opera by the Italian composer Giuseppe Gazzaniga.
 It belongs to the genre of dramma giocoso and is in one act.
 "Don Giovanni Tenorio" was first performed at the Teatro San Moisè, Venice, on February 5, 1787.
 The libretto, by Giovanni Bertati, is based on the legend of Don Juan as told by Tirso de Molina in his play "The Trickster of Seville and the Stone Guest" (c. 1630), leading to comparisons with Mozart's "Don Giovanni", which had its premiere later in 1787.
 Mozart's librettist, Lorenzo Da Ponte, certainly knew the earlier opera.
 Gazzaniga's work is much shorter than Mozart's, however, and originally formed part of a double-bill with another piece, "Il capriccio drammatico".
Francesco Usper (real name Spongia or Sponga) (1 November 1561 – 24 February 1641), was an Italian composer and organist born in Rovigno, Istria (now Rovinj, Croatia).
 He settled in Venice before 1586 and is associated with the confraternity St. Giovanni Evangelista, Venice.
 He spent most of his life there, serving as organist, chaplain, manager of the adjoining church (the S. Salvador) and administrative officer.
 Usper studied under Andrea Gabrieli and apparently became a fairly well known composer; he collaborated in the writing of a Requiem mass (now lost) with Giovanni Battista Grillo and Claudio Monteverdi for the Grand Duke Cosimo II, and he served as substitute organist at St. Mark's in 1622 and 1623.
 Although his music tended towards conservatism, he shows his ability to handle with skill sensitivity to the instrumental styles just emerging in the early 17th century.
Paola Massarenghi (born August 5, 1565) was an Italian composer.
 Only one of her works survives, "Quando spiega l'insegn'al sommo padre", a spiritual madrigal.
 It was printed in Arcangelo Gherardini's "Primo libro de madrigali a cinque voci".
 The publication, from Ferrara in 1585, is dedicated to Alfonso Fontanelli, and while other contributors are listed in the dedication, Massarenghi was left out.
 Massarenghi probably came from a wealthy family, since they were able to get Duke Ranuccio I Farnese to help get a musical education for Massarenghi's younger brother, Giovanni Battista Massarenghi, also a composer.
Giovanni Maria Nanino (also Nanini; 1543 or 1544 – March 11, 1607) was an Italian composer and teacher of the late Renaissance.
 He was a member of the Roman School of composers, and was the most influential music teacher in Rome in the late 16th century.
 He was the older brother of composer Giovanni Bernardino Nanino.
