Kingman Reef is a largely submerged, uninhabited triangular shaped reef, 9.5 nmi east-west and 5 nmi north-south, located in the North Pacific Ocean, roughly halfway between the Hawaiian Islands and American Samoa at .
 It is the northernmost of the Northern Line Islands and lies 36 nmi northwest of the next closest island (Palmyra Atoll), and 930 nmi south of Honolulu.
Masson Island or Mission Island is an ice-covered island about 17 nmi long and rising to 465 m , lying 9 nmi northwest of Henderson Island within the Shackleton Ice Shelf.
 Masson Island is located in the western part of Mawson Sea at and has an elevation of 465 m .
 Masson Island was discovered in February 1912 by the Australian Antarctic Expedition under Sir Douglas Mawson, who named it for Professor Sir David Orme Masson of Melbourne, a member of the Australian Antarctic Expedition Advisory Committee.
The Bruce Islands are a group of small islands and rocks 1.5 nmi northwest of Eillium Island and 3 nmi northwest of Route Point, the northwest tip of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands.
 They were first roughly shown on Powell's chart resulting from the joint cruise of Captain George Powell and Captain Nathaniel Palmer in 1821.
 They were remapped in 1912–13 by Captain Petter Sorlle, and in 1933 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the RSS "Discovery II", who named them for William S. Bruce, the leader of the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition, 1902–04.
Smith Rocks ( ) is a group of rocks lying 0.5 nmi northeast of Canopus Islands, 0.5 nmi west of Kitney Island, 2 nmi southwest of Wiltshire Rocks, and 3 nmi northwest of Paterson Islands, in the east part of Holme Bay, Mac.
 Robertson Land.
 Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named Spjotoyholmane.
 Renamed by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for Captain V. Smith, RAASC, DUKW driver who took part in ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) changeover operations at Davis and Mawson stations in 1958-59 and 1959-60.
Kitney Island is a small island 1 nmi east-northeast of the Smith Rocks, 1 nmi southwest of the Wiltshire Rocks, and 2.5 nmi northwest of the Paterson Islands, off the coast of Mac.
 Robertson Land, Antarctica.
 The Lars Christensen Expedition (1936) first mapped this island which, though left unnamed, was included in a small group named by them "Spjotoyskjera" (now the Wiltshire Rocks).
 It was remapped by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expedition (ANARE) in 1956, and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for V.J. Kitney, a supervising technician (radio) at Mawson Station in 1968.
Glacier Ridge ( ) is a broad north–south ridge, 4.5 nmi long and 0.8 nmi wide, on the southern slopes of Mount Erebus, Ross Island, Antarctica.
 Completely ice-covered, the ridge descends from about 2200 m to 600 m , terminating 2.1 nmi northwest of Tyree Head.
 In association with the names of expedition ships grouped on this island, it was named after the USCGC "Glacier", an icebreaker which for three decades, 1955–56 to 1986–87, supported scientific activity in Antarctica and the Ross Sea on virtually an annual basis.
 From 1955–56, Glacier operated as a US Navy ship.
 Along with other Navy icebreakers, Glacier was transferred to the US Coast Guard fleet, June 1966, from which she operated until decommissioned, June 1987.
Piñero Island is an island, 2 nmi long and 0.5 nmi wide, lying about 4.5 nmi northwest of Pourquoi Pas Island, off the west coast of Graham Land.
 It was discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition under J.B. Charcot, 1908–10, and named by him for Dr. Antonio F. Piñero, member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Argentine Republic, on whose motion the government voted unlimited credit to meet the needs of the expedition.
The Canopus Rocks are two small, low rocks lying 1 nmi northwest of Canopus Island, 1 nmi east of Nella Rock and the Sawert Rocks, and 1 nmi southeast of Hansen Rocks in the eastern part of Holme Bay, Mac.
 Robertson Land.
 They were plotted from photos taken from Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions aircraft in 1958, and named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia after Canopus Island.
The Destination Nunataks ( ) are a group of peaks and nunataks, 9 nmi long and 4 nmi wide, rising to 2,565 m at Pyramid Peak and including Sphinx Peak, Andrews Peak, Mummy Ridge, and unnamed nunataks to the northwest, located in northeast Evans Neve, 7 nmi northwest of the Barker Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
 This group was visited in 1970–71 by a Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition geological party led by M.G. Laird.
 The name "Destination Rocks" was originally used for the feature because these nunataks were near the northern limits of Laird's expedition.
 The name Destination Nunataks, as approved by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee and the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1985, applies to the entire group described rather than to just two nunataks at the southeast end as indicated on some maps.
 These nunataks lie situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
Laysan ( ; Hawaiian: Kauō ] ), located 808 nmi northwest of Honolulu at N25° 42' 14" W171° 44' 04", is one of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands.
 It comprises one land mass of 1016 acre , about 1 by in size.
 It is an atoll of sorts, although the land completely surrounds a shallow central lake some 8 ft above sea level that has a salinity approximately three times greater than the ocean.
 Laysan's Hawaiian name of Kauō means "egg", referring to its shape and how much life springs from the island.
