Ice skating is popular in the north of India in places like Ladakh, Kashmir and Shimla where cold weather occurs and it is possible to skate outdoors.
 Much of India has a tropical climate, hence in the rest of the country, ice skating is limited to the few artificial rinks available.
 Many skating lovers from India head to places like Shimla, Kashmir and Ladakh, and also many expatriates from countries where ice skating is popular in order to experience ice skating at some of the highest rinks in the world.
 An ice skating festival is organised in Shimla every year.
Canterbury Olympic Ice Rink is an ice sports and public ice skating centre, located in the Sydney suburb of Canterbury, New South Wales.
 It hosts a number of major ice hockey games, including Australian Women's Ice Hockey League games.
 The venue offers a wide variety of activities including ice skating lessons, birthday parties, figure skating, speed skating, curling, synchronised skating, public skating sessions, and it is also the home venue of the Sydney Sirens.
 It is also the home venue of the Sydney Figure Skating Club, Sydney Arrows (speed skating), Canterbury Eagles Ice Hockey Club and is also a host venue of the East Coast Super League, Sydney's elite ice hockey tournament.
Iceworld Boondall is an ice sports and public ice skating centre, located approximately 20 km north of Brisbane, Queensland.
 It hosts a number of major ice hockey games, including Australian Women's Ice Hockey League games.
 The venue offers a wide variety of activities including ice skating lessons, birthday parties, figure skating, speed skating, curling, synchronised skating, public skating sessions, and it is also the home venue of the Brisbane Goannas.
 The venue has been operating in Brisbane for over 30 years.
 Iceworld Boondall is also a host venue for the Duke Trophy, an annual inter-state short track speed skating competition in Australia.
John Towill coached and choreographed national and international champions in dance, freestyle, pairs, and synchronized ice skating.
 He is a member of the National Ice Skating Association, U.S. Figure Skating, PSA, and the Ice Skating Institute.
 He was a member of the Great Britain International Team and a Great Britain Professional Champion.
 Towill is currently the head coach of the Precisely Right synchronized skating team from Mennen Arena in Morris Plains, New Jersey, United States.
An ice rink (or ice skating rink) is a frozen body of water and/or hardened chemicals where people can ice skate or play winter sports. Besides recreational ice skating, some of its uses include ice hockey, bandy, rink bandy, ringette, broomball, speed skating, figure skating, ice stock sport and curling as well as exhibitions, contests and ice shows.
 There are two types of rinks in prevalent use today: natural, where freezing occurs from cold ambient temperatures, and artificial (or mechanically frozen), where a coolant produces cold temperatures in the surface below the water, causing the water to freeze.
 There are also synthetic ice rinks where skating surfaces are made out of plastics.
The Adelaide Glaciarium (also known as Ice Palace Skating Rink) was the first indoor ice skating facility built in Australia.
 This is the birthplace for ice skating in Australia and is the location of the first hockey on the ice match in the country, which was an adaptation of roller polo for the ice using ice skates.
 Contemporary ice hockey was never played at this venue but this ice skating rink, the country's first, provided the "test bed" facility for its successor the Melbourne Glaciarium, the birthplace of ice hockey in Australia.
Palandöken Ice Skating Hall (Turkish: "Palandöken Buz Pateni Salonu" ), formerly GSIM Yenişehir Ice Hockey Hall (Turkish: "GSİM Yenişehir Buz Hokey Salonu" ) or Erzurum Ice Skating Hall (Turkish: "Erzurum Buz Pateni Salonu" ), is an indoor ice skating and ice hockey rink located at Ahmet Baba neighborhood of Palandöken district in Erzurum, eastern Turkey.
 It was opened in 2008.
Maggie Daley Park Ice Skating Ribbon is a seasonal public ice skating surface in the Maggie Daley Park section of Grant Park in the Loop community area of Chicago, which is bounded by Columbus Drive, Randolph Street, Monroe Street and Lake Shore Drive.
 The ice skating ribbon opened on December 13, 2014, along with the park.
 The rink extends for 1/4 mi mile and has a capacity of 700 skaters.
 In the summer, the rink serves as a walking and rollerskating path.
 The rink features changes in elevation, which give it an incline and decline.
The Ice Skating Institute (formerly the Ice Skating Institute of America) is a trade association for ice rinks, and also an international governing body for recreational figure skating.
 It was founded in 1959 to proliferate the building of permanent indoor ice rinks, which numbered fewer than 100 at the time, as well as to promote skating as a recreational activity.
 The ISI has developed a program of tests and competitions in all areas of figure skating, as well as limited areas of speed skating and ice hockey, from "Tot" levels to advanced tests that would provide interesting challenges even to Olympic medalists.
Budapesti Korcsolyázó Egylet (English: Budapest Skating Club , commonly abbreviated BKE) is a Budapest based ice skating sports association.
 Founded in 1869, it is one of the oldest of its kind in Hungary.
 They actively participate in competitive ice skating disciplines, such as figure skating, speed skating, and short track speed skating.
