The Shanghai Grand Theatre () is one of the largest and best-equipped automatic stages in the world.
 Since the theatre opened on August 27, 1998, it has staged over 6,000 performances of operas, musicals, ballets, symphonies, chamber music concerts, spoken dramas and various Chinese operas.
 The site is located at the intersection of Central Boulevard and Huangpi Road South in the northern part of the People's Square in Huangpu District, Shanghai, China.
 It is the home of the Shanghai Opera House Company; however, the title "Shanghai Opera House" officially applies to only the performing company and not to the building.
 The Shanghai Grand Theatre is also the resident for other performing companies.
The Mozarteum Argentino is a private, non-profit musical institution in Argentina.
 It is one of the most important musical institutions in the country and provides scholarships to some of Argentina's most able musicians.
 The Mozarteum Argentino was established in 1952 and also organizes concerts, often over 50 a year.
Joseph Anderer is principal horn and a founding member of St. Luke’s Chamber Ensemble and the Orchestra of St. Luke's.
 He has also been a member of the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra’s horn section since 1984, serving as acting Principal Horn for season 1984-5 and has been Principal Horn since 2003-2004.
 Before joining the Met Orchestra, he was a frequent performer with the New York Philharmonic for fourteen seasons, and participated in many concerts, recordings and tours in the US, Europe, Asia, Australia and South America.
 He was also a member of the Boehm Quintette for many years, and premiered many works composed for that ensemble.
 As soloist, he has appeared with the Orchestra of St. Luke’s in Carnegie Hall including performing as soloist in the American premier of Benjamin Britten’s “Now Sleeps the Crimson Petal”, as well as at many festivals.
 He holds degrees from The Juilliard School, where he was a student of Ranier DeIntinis.
 Mr. Anderer is active in the recording studio, performing chamber music, operas, symphonic works, solo works, TV commercials and films along with performing in recitals with singers and other musicians.
 He has also appeared on albums by Dawn Upshaw, Billy Joel, Mandy Patinkin, Grover Washington, Jr., Marcus Roberts and Tony Bennett & k.d. lang.
 He has been the Horn Coach at the Verbier Festival for many years and is a member of the faculty at the Steinhardt School of New York University.
An impresario (from the Italian "impresa", "an enterprise or undertaking") is a person who organizes and often finances concerts, plays, or operas, performing a role similar to that of an artist manager or a film or television producer.
 The term originated in the social and economic world of Italian opera, in which from the mid-18th century to the 1830s, the impresario was the key figure in the organization of a lyric season.
 The owners of the theatre, usually noble amateurs, charged the impresario with hiring a composer (until the 1850s operas were expected to be new) and the orchestra, singers, costumes and sets, all while assuming considerable financial risk.
 In 1786 Mozart satirized the stress and emotional mayhem in a single-act farce "Der Schauspieldirektor" ("The Impresario").
 Antonio Vivaldi was unusual in acting as both impresario and composer; in 1714 he managed seasons at Teatro San Angelo in Venice, where his opera "Orlando finto pazzo" was followed by numerous others.
Robert Nagy (March 3, 1929 – November 7, 2008) was an American operatic tenor who had a lengthy and fruitful association with the Metropolitan Opera that lasted for three decades.
 His association with the Met began when he won the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions in 1956.
 He mostly portrayed comprimario roles at the Met where his most memorable early role was the Messenger in "Aida"; a role he sang 172 times for the company.
 He notably sang in the world premieres of two operas by Samuel Barber at the Met: "Vanessa" (1958) and "Antony and Cleopatra" (1966).
 He also sang in the company premieres of "Die Frau ohne Schatten" (1966), "Billy Budd" (1978) and "L'enfant et les sortilèges" (1981).
 Although Nagy specialized in supporting roles, he also portrayed several leading parts at the Met, among them Florestan in "Fidelio", Herodes in "Salome", and the Drum Major in "Wozzeck'.
 He remained on the Met roster through the end of the 1987–88 season, performing 1,187 performances with the Met during his thirty years with the company.
In general usage, a financial plan is a comprehensive evaluation of an individual's current pay and future financial state by using current known variables to predict future income, asset values and withdrawal plans.
 This often includes a budget which organizes an individual's finances and sometimes includes a series of steps or specific goals for spending and saving in the future.
 This plan allocates future income to various types of expenses, such as rent or utilities, and also reserves some income for short-term and long-term savings.
 A financial plan is sometimes referred to as an investment plan, but in personal finance a financial plan can focus on other specific areas such as risk management, estates, college, or retirement.
Theater Erfurt is the municipal theatre in Erfurt, the capital of Thuringia, Germany.
 The main stage is in a new building in the , completed in 2003.
 The theatre offers musical theatre and concerts, played by the .
 Ballet and plays are offered by guest performances.
 The company organizes the annual open air festival "".
Vanessa Bley is a New York City and Los Angeles–based singer, composer, producer, and musician.
 She is daughter of jazz pianist Paul Bley and pioneer video artist Carol Goss.
Audra Ann McDonald (born July 3, 1970) is an American actress and singer.
 She has appeared on the stage in both musicals and dramas such as "Ragtime", "A Raisin in the Sun" and "Porgy and Bess".
 With her full lyric soprano voice, she maintains an active concert and recording career performing song cycles and operas as well as in concerts throughout the U.S.
 She has won six Tony Awards, more performance wins than any other actor, and is the only person to win all four acting categories.
 She starred as Dr. Naomi Bennett on the ABC television drama "Private Practice".
A freight forwarder, forwarder, or forwarding agent, also known as a non-vessel operating common carrier (NVOCC), is a person or company that organizes shipments for individuals or corporations to get goods from the manufacturer or producer to a market, customer or final point of distribution.
 Forwarders contract with a carrier or often multiple carriers to move the goods.
 A forwarder does not move the goods but acts as an expert in the logistics network.
 These carriers can use a variety of shipping modes, including ships, airplanes, trucks, and railroads, and often multiple modes for a single shipment.
 For example, the freight forwarder may arrange to have cargo moved from a plant to an airport by truck, flown to the destination city, then moved from the airport to a customer's building by another truck.
