Moses and the Shepherd is a story from the poet Rumi’s work "Masnavi".
 The story is a Persian poem about a conversation on the condemning by Moses of the shepherd's devotional prayer.
Eşrefoğlu Abdullah Rûmî (-1469) was a Turkish poet and mystic of the early years of Ottoman Empire.
 His original name was Abdullah, but he was known as Eşrefoğlu Rumi.
 He was born in İznik, and died there in 1469.
 His father Sayyid Ahmed came from Egypt and settled in İznik.
 After a theological education, Rumi turned to Sufism under the guidance of Haji Bayram Veli.
 Later, he founded the Eshrefiye branch of the Kadiri dervishes.
David S. G. Thomas is a scientist and geographer.
 He was born in Buckland Hospital, Dover, Kent, UK in 1958.
 He is Professor of Geography at the University of Oxford, and a Professorial Fellow of Hertford College, Oxford.
 His research deals with desertification, dryland environments, climate change and other environmental phenomena.
 He received his D.Phil.
 from the University of Oxford.
 Between 1984 and 2004 he taught and researched at the University of Sheffield where he rose from Lecturer to Senior lecturer then full Professor by 1994, and was Head of Department.
 he has authored many scientific papers (over 150 by 2010.
 In 2011 he received the Farouk El-Baz Award from the Geological Society of America for his contributions to desert science.
 he has been Vice-President of the Royal Geographical Society and President of the British Geomorphological Research Group (now British Society for Geomorphology.
 His research interest have seen significant activity in Africa, especially in the Kalahari Desert and surrounding areas.
Rumi District, formerly Kolkhozobod District or Nohiya-i Kolkhozobod (Tajik: Ноҳияи Колхозобод ), is a district in Khatlon province, Tajikistan, located south of the provincial capital Kurgan-Tyube (Qurghonteppa) and Vakhsh district.
 It was renamed Rumi district on 23 June 2007 in commemoration of the 800th anniversary of the Persian poet and philosopher Rumi and plans were announced to erect a monument to Rumi in the district.
Farouk El-Baz (Arabic: فاروق الباز‎ ‎ , Egyptian Arabic: ] ) (born January 2, 1938) is an Egyptian American space scientist who worked with NASA to assist in the planning of scientific exploration of the Moon, including the selection of landing sites for the Apollo missions and the training of astronauts in lunar observations and photography.
Path of Development and Reconstruction (Egypt) is a national project in the Western Desert of Egypt that is proposed by Farouk El-Baz initially in the 80th and reintroduced to the Egyptian government after 25 January revolution.
Shahram Shiva (Persian: شهرام شیوا‎ ‎ ) is a performance poet, award-winning translator, scholar and author.
 He is also a teacher of advanced spirituality, a lecturer, and a recording artist, whose principal subject is Rumi, a 13th-century Persian poet and philosopher.
 Shahram Shiva translates and renders the poetry of Rumi directly from the original Persian.
Kebira Crater (Arabic: فوهة كبيرة‎ ‎ ) is the name given to a circular topographic feature that was identified in 2007 by Farouk El-Baz and Eman Ghoneim using satellite imagery, Radarsat-1, and Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM) data in the Sahara desert.
 This feature straddles the border between Egypt and Libya.
 The name of this feature is derived from the Arabic word for "large", and also from its location near the Gilf Kebir ("Great Barrier") region in southwest Egypt.
 Based solely on their interpretations of the remote sensing data, they argue that this feature is an exceptionally large, double-ringed, extraterrestrial impact crater.
 They suggest that the crater's original appearance has been obscured by wind and water erosion over time.
 Finally, they speculated that this feature might be the source of the yellow-green silica glass fragments, known as "Libyan desert glass", that can be found across part of Egypt's Libyan Desert.
 They neither conducted any fieldwork at this feature nor studied any samples collected from it.
 However, the Kebira Crater is currently not listed in the Earth Impact Database.
 Field trips to investigate the feature have found no supporting evidence.
 The "central uplift" clearly retains the horizontal bedding of the surrounding sandstone tableland, providing clear evidence against a possible impact origin.
The Saeb mausoleum(Persian: آرامگاه صائب‎ ‎ ) is located in Isfahan, Iran.
 The mausoleum is the burial place of Saeb Tabrizi, the famous iranian poet of 17th century.
 His ancestry goes back to Shams Tabrizi, Rumi's spiritual instructor.
 Saeb's father was one of the famous merchants in Tabriz.
 When Isfahan became the capital city, he moved to Isfahan with his family.
 He tried for a long time to get the title of honor "Malek osh-Shoara" (Poet laureate) from the King Abbas I, but he was not successful and he immigrated to India.
 His mausoleum belongs to the Pahlavi era, but his gravestone has the date 1087(islamic calendar), which is equal to 1676(Gregorian calendar).
Jalāl ad-Dīn Muhammad Rūmī (Persian: جلال‌الدین محمد رومی‎ ‎ ), also known as Jalāl ad-Dīn Muhammad Balkhī (جلال‌الدین محمد بلخى ), Mevlânâ/Mawlānā (مولانا , "our master"), Mevlevî/Mawlawī (مولوی , "my master"), and more popularly simply as Rumi (30 September 1207 – 17 December 1273), was a 13th-century Persian Sunni Muslim poet, jurist, Islamic scholar, theologian, and Sufi mystic.
 Rumi's influence transcends national borders and ethnic divisions: Iranians, Tajiks, Turks, Greeks, Pashtuns, other Central Asian Muslims, and the Muslims of South Asia have greatly appreciated his spiritual legacy for the past seven centuries.
 His poems have been widely translated into many of the world's languages and transposed into various formats.
 Rumi has been described as the "most popular poet" and the "best selling poet" in the United States.
