Identity (French: "L'Identité" ) is a novel by Franco-Czech writer Milan Kundera, published in 1998.
 It is possibly his most traditional novel in terms of narrative structure.
 It's also one of his shortest novels.
François Ricard (born June 4, 1947 in Shawinigan, Quebec) is a Canadian writer and academic from Quebec.
 He has been a professor of French literature at McGill University since 1980, including a special but not exclusive focus on the work of Milan Kundera and Gabrielle Roy, and has published numerous works of non-fiction.
Alexander Joseph Epstein ( ; born August 1, 1980) is an American author, energy theorist, and industrial policy pundit.
 He is the founder and President of the Center for Industrial Progress, a for-profit think tank located in San Diego, California.
 Epstein is also the "New York Times" bestselling author of "The Moral Case for Fossil Fuels" (2014), in which he advocates the use of fossil fuels like coal, oil and natural gas.
 Epstein is an adjunct scholar at the Cato Institute and a former fellow at the Ayn Rand Institute.
Milan Kundera (] ; born 1 April 1929) is a Czech-born French writer who went into exile in France in 1975, and became a naturalised French citizen in 1981.
 He "sees himself as a French writer and insists his work should be studied as French literature and classified as such in book stores".
Czechs in France refers to the phenomenon of Czech people migrating to France from the Czech Republic or from the political entities that preceded it, such as Czechoslovakia.
 There is a substantial number of people in France with Czech ancestry, including 100,220 Czech-born people recorded as resident in France.
 One notable Czech-French writer is Milan Kundera.
The South is a 1990 novel by Irish writer Colm Tóibín.
 It drew comparisons with Milan Kundera.
Shop Talk: A Writer and His Colleagues and Their Work is a collection of previously published interviews with important 20th-century writers by novelist Philip Roth.
 Among the writers interviewed are Primo Levi, Aharon Appelfeld, Ivan Klima, Isaac Bashevis Singer, Milan Kundera, and Edna O'Brien.
 In addition, the book contains a discussion with Mary McCarthy about Roth's novel "The Counterlife" and a "New Yorker" essay on Saul Bellow.
 Roth's trip to Israel to interview Appelfeld inspired his novel "Operation Shylock".
Slowness (French: "La Lenteur" ), published in 1995 in France, is a novel written in French by Milan Kundera.
 In the book, Kundera manages to weave together a number of plot lines, characters and themes in just over 150 pages.
 While the book has a narrative, it mainly serves as a way for Kundera to describe a philosophy about modernity, technology, memory and sensuality.
People known for their achievements in different fields have come from the city of Brno, Czech Republic or lived there.
 They include scientist Gregor Mendel, who made epochal pea plant experiments, composer Leoš Janáček, and writer Milan Kundera.
 Numerous politicians and athletes were also born or lived in the city.
Ludvík Kundera (22 March 1920 – 17 August 2010) was a Czech writer, translator, poet, playwright, editor and literary historian.
 He was a notable exponent of the Czech avant-garde literature and a prolific translator of German authors.
 In 2007, he received the Medal of Merit for service to the Republic.
 In 2009, he was awarded the "Jaroslav Seifert Award", presented by the Charter 77 Foundation.
 Kundera was a cousin of Czech-French writer Milan Kundera and nephew of the pianist and musicologist also named Ludvík Kundera.
