The New Jersey Japanese School (ニュージャージー日本人学校 , "Nyūjājī Nihonjin Gakkō" , NJJS) is a Japanese school located in Oakland, New Jersey, United States in the New York City metropolitan area.
 It is one of the two Japanese day schools operated by the Japanese Educational Institute of New York (JEI; ニューヨーク日本人教育審議会 "Nyūyōku Nihonjin Kyōiku Shingi Kai"), a nonprofit organization which also operates two Japanese weekend school systems in the New York City area.
The San Francisco Japanese School (SFJS, サンフランシスコ日本語 "San Furanshisuko Nihongo Hoshū Kō") is a weekend Japanese school serving the San Francisco Bay Area.
 The system, with its administrative offices in San Francisco, is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, and was the world's second largest overseas Japanese weekend school in 2006.
 The school is supported by the Japanese government.
 It is known as the best Japanese supplementary school in the world with mostly great teachers.
 Although it does have a shortage of teachers due to the large number of students.
The Standard Star Building is a historic commercial structure located in the Downtown section of New Rochelle, Westchester County, New York.
 The building, designed by architect Lawrence J. Barnard, was completed in 1924 and is an architecturally significant example of the Italian Renaissance style in New Rochelle.
 Although it has been altered, these changes occurred only on the Le Count Place façade and the interior of the building.
 The original Standard Star building exterior remains largely unchanged.
 It is further historically significant for its association with a long-published New Rochelle newspaper covering life in New Rochelle.
The Princeton Community Japanese Language School (PCJLS; プリンストン日本語学校 "Purinsuton Nihongo Gakkō") is a Japanese weekend school in the Princeton, New Jersey area.
 It holds weekend Japanese classes for Japanese citizen children abroad to the standard of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT), and it also has classes for people with Japanese as a second language.
The Japanese Weekend School of New York (JWSNY; ニューヨーク "Nyūyōku Hoshū Jugyō Kō") is a Japanese supplementary school in the New York City metropolitan area.
 It has its offices in New Roc City in New Rochelle, New York.
 The Japanese Educational Institute of New York (JEI; ニューヨーク日本人教育審議会 "Nyūyōku Nihonjin Kyōiku Shingi Kai") manages the school system, and the JWSNY is one of its two weekend school systems.
 The JEI also operates two Japanese day schools in the New York area.
Montefiore New Rochelle Hospital (formerly Sound Shore Medical Center) is a community-based, teaching hospital located at 16 Guion Place in the city of New Rochelle, in Westchester County, New York, and affiliated with the Albert Einstein College of Medicine.
 The hospital opened in 1892 as New Rochelle Hospital.
 On November 6, 2013, Sound Shore was acquired by the Bronx-based Montefiore Medical Center, the University Hospital for the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, was renamed Montefiore New Rochelle Hospital, and became part of the Montefiore Health System.
New Rochelle Harbor is the name of a harbor located along Long Island Sound in the city of New Rochelle in Westchester County, New York.
 The Davenport Neck peninsula off the mainland divides New Rochelle's waterfront into two bays; the westerly referred to as New Rochelle Harbor and the easterly as Echo Bay.
New Roc City, also known as New Rochelle Center, is an entertainment, retail and residential complex in the Downtown section of the city of New Rochelle in Westchester County, New York.
 It is located at 33 LeCount Place, between Main Street North and Main Street South.
 The center was built on the site of the former New Rochelle Mall which closed in 1992.
Ware’s Department Store is a historic building located in the city of New Rochelle in Westchester County, New York and is significant for both architectural and commercial reasons.
 Ware's was Westchester’s first and, for many years, largest department store, and was prominently located on New Rochelle’s fashionable Main Street.
 The store operated from 1881 to the late 1930s, when the property was sold to the retailer Bloomingdale's to serve as their first suburban department store location.
 Not only was Ware's a key place in New Rochelle during its 20th-century boom years, its founder and owner, Howard R. Ware was a leading figure in the rapidly growing community as well.
 Ware first moved to New Rochelle from Massachusetts at the age of 13 and began to work as a clerk.
 In 1881 he became partner in the firm of Ware & Sheffield, which eventually became a stock company in 1913.
 renamed He was a director and vice president of the National City Bank of New Rochelle, a founder and first president of the local Y.M.C.A. from 1899 to 1916, and an active member of St. John’s Methodist Episcopal Church.
 He retired from his active business in 1932.
The New Rochelle Walk of Fame was installed in 2011 in Ruby Dee Park at Library Green, located in the downtown section of the city of New Rochelle in Westchester County, New York.
 The "walk" is a tribute to some of New Rochelle's most notable residents from throughout its 325-year history.
 It was created and funded by former resident Roderick Kennedy, Jr., working in partnership with the City of New Rochelle and the New Rochelle Business Improvement District.
