Apollo 10 was the fourth manned mission in the United States Apollo space program, and the second (after Apollo 8) to orbit the Moon.
 Launched on May 18, 1969, it was the F mission: a "dress rehearsal" for the first Moon landing, testing all of the components and procedures, just short of actually landing.
 The Lunar Module (LM) followed a descent orbit to within 8.4 nmi of the lunar surface, at the point where powered descent for landing would normally begin.
 Its success enabled the first landing to be attempted on the Apollo 11 mission two months later.
Soyuz TMA-9 was a Soyuz mission to the International Space Station (ISS) launched by a Soyuz FG launch vehicle.
 It was a human spaceflight mission transporting personnel to and from the ISS.
 It launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome on 18 September 2006 at 08:09 MSD (04:09 UTC), docked with the ISS at 09:21 MSD (05:21 UTC) on 20 September, and returned to Earth on 21 April 2007.
 Soyuz TMA-9 transported two-thirds of ISS Expedition 14 to the space station along with one "spaceflight participant" who performed several experiments on behalf of the European Space Agency.
Apollo 7 was an October 1968 human spaceflight mission carried out by the United States.
 It was the first mission in the United States' Apollo program to carry a crew into space.
 It was also the first U.S. spaceflight to carry astronauts since the flight of Gemini XII in November 1966.
 The AS-204 mission, also known as "Apollo 1", was intended to be the first manned flight of the Apollo program.
 It was scheduled to launch in February 1967, but a fire in the cabin during a January 1967 test killed the crew.
 Manned flights were then suspended for 21 months, while the cause of the accident was investigated and improvements made to the spacecraft and safety procedures, and unmanned test flights of the Saturn V rocket and Apollo Lunar Module were made.
 Apollo 7 fulfilled Apollo 1's mission of testing the Apollo Command/Service Module (CSM) in low Earth orbit.
Shenzhou 5 () — was the first human spaceflight mission of the Chinese space program, launched on 15 October 2003.
 The Shenzhou spacecraft was launched on a Long March 2F launch vehicle.
 There had been four previous flights of unmanned Shenzhou missions since 1999.
 China became the third country in the world to have independent human spaceflight capability after the Soviet Union (later, Russia) and the United States.
Apollo 16 was the tenth manned mission in the United States Apollo space program, the fifth and penultimate to land on the Moon and the first to land in the lunar highlands.
 The second of the so-called "J missions," it was crewed by Commander John Young, Lunar Module Pilot Charles Duke and Command Module Pilot Ken Mattingly.
 Launched from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida at 12:54 PM EST on April 16, 1972, the mission lasted 11 days, 1 hour, and 51 minutes, and concluded at 2:45 PM EST on April 27.
Apollo 9 was the third manned mission in the United States Apollo space program and the first flight of the Command/Service Module (CSM) with the Lunar Module (LM, pronounced "lem").
 Its three-person crew, consisting of Commander James McDivitt, Command Module Pilot David Scott, and Lunar Module Pilot Rusty Schweickart, spent ten days in low Earth orbit testing several aspects critical to landing on the Moon, including the LM engines, backpack life support systems, navigation systems, and docking maneuvers.
 The mission was the second manned launch of a Saturn V rocket.
Shenzhou 6 ( "Shénzhōu lìuhào") was the second human spaceflight of the Chinese space program, launched on October 12, 2005 on a Long March 2F rocket from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center.
 The Shenzhou spacecraft carried a crew of Fèi Jùnlóng (费俊龙) and Niè Hǎishèng (聂海胜) for five days in low Earth orbit.
 It launched three days before the second anniversary of China's first human spaceflight, "Shenzhou 5".
Shenzhou 7 () was the third human spaceflight mission of the Chinese space program.
 The mission, which included the first Chinese extra-vehicular activity (EVA) carried out by crew members Zhai Zhigang and Liu Boming, marked the commencement of the second phase of the Chinese government's Project 921.
Apollo 8, the second human spaceflight mission in the United States Apollo space program, was launched on December 21, 1968, and became the first crewed spacecraft to leave Earth orbit, reach the Earth's Moon, orbit it and return safely to Earth.
 The three-astronaut crew — Commander Frank Borman, Command Module Pilot James Lovell, and Lunar Module Pilot William Anders — became the first humans to: travel beyond low Earth orbit; escape Earth's gravity; see Earth as a whole planet; enter the gravity well of another celestial body (Earth's moon); orbit another celestial body (Earth's moon); directly see the far side of the Moon with their own eyes; witness an Earthrise; escape the gravity of another celestial body (Earth's moon); and re-enter the gravitational well of Earth.
 The 1968 mission, the third flight of the Saturn V rocket and that rocket's first crewed launch, was also the first human spaceflight launch from the Kennedy Space Center, Florida, located adjacent to Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Soyuz TM-21 was Soyuz mission, a human spaceflight mission transporting personnel to the Russian space station "Mir".
 Part of the US/Russian Shuttle-Mir Program, the mission launched from Baikonur Cosmodrome, atop a Soyuz-U2 carrier rocket, at 06:11:34 UTC on March 14, 1995.
 It is of note because its launch marked the presence, for the first time ever, of thirteen humans in space simultaneously - three aboard the Soyuz, three aboard "Mir" and seven aboard Space Shuttle "Endeavour", flying STS-67.
