Material Sciences Corporation which was traded on the NASDAQ as MASC but is no longer traded is an American company which was set up in 1951 and now is based in Canton, MI.
 The company provides engineering and testing solutions for acoustical and coated applications.
 The company owns three manufacturing plants in: Elk Grove Village, IL, East Chicago, IN Walbridge, OH, Canfield, OH and Toronto, ON.
 MSC Electronic Materials and Devices Group, Inc. (EMD) is a subsidiary of Material Sciences Corporation.
 In 2004, EMD obtained an exclusive license to pending patents associated with Lear Corporation's flexible seat assembly (LFSA).
The Tomfoolery Show is an American cartoon comedy television series made and first broadcast in 1970, based on the works of Edward Lear.
 The animation was done at the Halas and Batchelor Studios in London and Stroud.
 Though the works of other writers were also used, notably Lewis Carroll and Ogden Nash, Lear's works were the main source, and characters like the Yongy-Bonghy-Bo and the Umbrageous Umbrella Maker were all Lear creations.
 Other regular characters included the Enthusiastic Elephant, the Fizzgiggious Fish, and the Scroobious Snake.
 Some original material was also written based on characters created by Lear, although much of the material was a straight recital of poems and limericks or songs using Lear's poems set to music.
 A recurring joke had a delivery boy running around trying to deliver a large plant and shouting 'Plant for Mrs Discobolus!'
.
Act III Communications is a diversified media and entertainment company owned by TV producer Norman Lear.
 It was started in 1985 following Lear's sale of Embassy Communications to The Coca-Cola Company.
 In a Wall St. Journal interview in 1988, Lear explained the name by noting that in a Shakespeare play there are always more than three acts and that he expects there to be an Act IV and V. Act III is Lear's business vehicle and is unconnected to his other activities as a political activist and philanthropist.
Comely Park School is a primary school in Woodlands, Falkirk, Scotland.
 It was founded in 1879 as a replacement for the local Charity School.
 In its early days it was also known as "Cochrane's Academy" after its first headmaster.
 The original Victorian school buildings (which housed over 1,000 pupils in 1909) were demolished in 1996, and Comely Park was the first school in Falkirk to be rebuilt, along with a Games Hall and a large astro turf pitch.
 It currently accommodates around 500 pupils.
Oh Comely magazine is a bi-monthly British magazine published by Pirates Ahoy!
 a subsidiary of Iceberg Press, publisher of "The Simple Things" magazine.
Sunday Dinner is an American sitcom which aired on CBS from June 2, 1991 until July 7, 1991.
 The series was produced by Norman Lear, and marked his return to television producing after an absence of several years.
 Lear's current wife Lyn Davis Lear served as co-producer on the series, which was the first official Lear show to be made under his latest production marquee Act III Television.
The OH Ranch, OH Ranch Heritage Rangelands, Orville Hawkins Ranch or Rio Alto Ranch is a historic ranch founded in 1883 and is located near Longview, Alberta.
 The ranch actually consists of two separate parcels of land and also of the OH Pekisko, OH Longview, OH Dorothy, and OH Bassano ranches.
 Both parcels of land include both private and public land with the public land leased to OH Ranch Ltd. (the corporation that manages the ranch) for grazing.
 The approximate coordinates of the southern section of the ranch are 50.565065, -114.354775.
The Wentworth Lear Historic Houses (formerly Wentworth-Gardner & Tobias Lear Historic House Association) are a pair of adjacent historic houses at 50 Mechanic Street, on the south waterfront in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
 Both buildings and an 18th-century warehouse are owned by the Wentworth Lear Historic Houses and are operated as a house museum.
 They are located at the corner of Mechanic and Gardner Streets.
 The two houses, built c. 1750-60, represent a study in contrast between high-style and vernacular Georgian styling.
 The Wentworth-Gardner House is a National Historic Landmark, and the houses are listed as the Wentworth-Gardner and Tobias Lear Houses on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ohio State Route 523 (OH 523) is a state highway in North Central Ohio.
 A short connector route, OH 523 links OH 19 at its western terminus with OH 53 at its eastern terminus.
 OH 523's intersection with OH 53 is located less than 4 mi northeast of the OH 53 exit off of I-80/I-90/Ohio Turnpike.
Live at Jittery Joe's is an album released in 2001 by Jeff Mangum of Neutral Milk Hotel to battle the high prices of bootlegs on eBay.
 Filmmaker Lance Bangs recorded it at the Athens, GA venue Jittery Joe's on March 7, 1997 during a live solo performance; this location was the original Jittery Joe's at 243 W. Washington St., not one of the current locations.
 Jeff had not prepared a set list, so some of the songs were chosen by the audience.
 A noisy child can be heard throughout the performance (most notably during "Oh Comely").
