Cypress Ridge Golf Course is located in Arroyo Grande, California—which is on the Central Coast of California.
 The golf course is a Peter Jacobsen Signature Golf Course, designed by Jacobsen Hardy Design.
 In its design and conception, Jacobsen Hardy utilized the natural surroundings of the area to make this central coast golf course truly unique.
 The golf course opened in 1999.
 It is rated 4½ stars by Golf Digest "Best Places to Play".
Sheshan Golf Club () is the first premier private golf club in Shanghai, China.
 Founded in 2004, the 18 hole golf course plays to a par of 72 and is designed by Nelson and Haworth Design, and spans over 7,266 yards (6,531 meters).
 Every year, the club plays host to the WGC-HSBC Champions, and is currently the only club to host the Championship.
 Sheshan Golf Club was awarded the Best Golf Course in China by "Golf Digest" in 2013 and currently tops of the list of Top Clubs in China by "Golf Magazine".
The Huntingdon Valley Country Club is a golf, tennis and swim club located in Huntingdon Valley, Pennsylvania, 7 mi northeast of Philadelphia.
 In addition to a golf course, the club offers banquet and dining facilities.
 The course resides on 170 acre , and is ranked as the #9 golf course in Pennsylvania and #3 course in the Philadelphia area by "Golf Digest" (2013–2014 rankings by state).
 The golf course is rated as #79 best classic course in America by "Golfweek Magazine" (2013).
Since 1964, Braemar Golf Course has been one of the most popular public golf courses in the United States.
 It has been ranked as the #1 Public Golf Course in Minnesota by "Golf Digest" and among the top 75 in the nation in the same category.
 "Golf for Women Magazine" named Braemar one of its top "100 Women Friendly Courses".
Golf Digest is a monthly golf magazine published by Condé Nast Publications in the United States.
 It is a generalist golf publication covering recreational golf and men's and women's competitive golf.
 Condé Nast Publications also publishes the more specialized "Golf for Women", "Golf World" and "Golf World Business".
 The magazine started in 1950, and was sold to The New York Times Company in 1969.
 The Times company sold their magazine division to Condé Nast in 2001.
 The headquarters of "Golf Digest" is in Des Moines, Iowa.
Golf La Moraleja is one of Spain’s most important clubs.
 It is the largest Spanish golf club for its number of its holes and the largest in Europe located in a metropolitan area.
 Founded in 1973, it currently has four 18-hole golf courses, all rated par 72, designed by Jack Nicklaus.
 It also contains a 9-hole short course, 8 tennis courts, 12 paddle tennis courts, 2 squash courts, one covered and three open-air swimming pools, a gym and a spa.
 Added to these are two clubhouses, a children’s chalet and a tennis clubhouse (on 1 and 2 courses), plus a prebuilt modular clubhouse for courses 3 and 4.
 Courses 1 and 2 are located at La Moraleja residential estate (Alcobendas, Madrid).
 Courses 3 and 4 are located in the municipality of Algete.
 It has 6,000 shareholder members.
 In 2013 it was voted the best golf course in Spain by Deporte & Business and in 2014, La Moraleja 3 was voted the second best golf course in Spain by the American magazine Golf Digest.
 The Club has hosted competitions such as the World Cup of Golf, the Spanish Open or the Paddle Tennis World Championship.
Augusta National Golf Club, located in Augusta, Georgia, is one of the most famous golf clubs in the world.
 Founded by Bobby Jones and Clifford Roberts on the site of the former Fruitland (later Fruitlands) Nursery, the course was designed by Jones and Alister MacKenzie and opened for play in January 1933.
 Since 1934, it has played host to the annual Masters Tournament, one of the four major championships in professional golf, and the only major played each year at the same course.
 It was the number one ranked course in "Golf Digest"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s 2009 list of America's 100 greatest courses and is currently the number ten ranked course on "Golfweek Magazine"' s 2011 list of best classic courses in the United States, in terms of course architecture.
The Squire Creek Country Club is a private, members-only country club located in Choudrant, Louisiana, five miles northeast of Ruston.
 Squire Creek features an 18-hole championship golf course designed by Tom Fazio.
 The course has been ranked as number one in the state of Louisiana four times, and was ranked as the No. 5 best new course in the United States by "Golf Digest".
 Squire Creek is the home golf course for the Louisiana Tech Bulldogs golf team.
 Squire Creek offers a golf training facility, which features dual bays with retractable doors for indoor or outdoor use, motion analysis, and launch monitor.
 The Squire Creek tennis facility has 6 lighted courts (4 Hydro Courts and 2 Hard Courts).
 Squire Creek has full service golf and tennis shops.
 The Squire Creek fitness facility has 2 exercise rooms and offers massage therapy.
 The Squire Creek Clubhouse features three dining areas: the more formal Main Dining Hall, the casual 19th Hole, and the Fazio Grill.
 The Squire Creek Lodge features two floors offering a combined total of seven bedrooms.
 The Squire Creek Pool overlooks the golf course and is served by the Waterside Cafe.
 The Squire Creek Development offers six residential estates including the Squire Creek Estates, Timberland Estates, Fairway Estates, The Fairways, Fairway Villas, and The Park Homes.
 Squire Creek Country Club is the title sponsor of the Louisiana Peach Festival in Ruston.
 Squire Creek hosted the 2005 Western Athletic Conference Golf Championships.
Michael S. Breed (born May 14, 1962, in Greenwich, Connecticut) is a professional golf instructor and television host.
 In 2003, he was selected as a Top 100 Instructor in America by "Golf Magazine", in 2011, he was voted one of the Top 50 Instructors in America by Golf Digest (now 13th on this list, and #1 in the state of New York.)
, in 2012, Breed was chosen as the PGA's National Teacher of the Year.
 Prior to his time as a television host, Breed was the Head Golf Professional at Sunningdale Country Club for 12 years from 2001–2012, and the Head Golf Professional at Birchwood Country Club, as well as the Assistant Professional at Deepdale Golf Club and Augusta National Golf Club.
 He has served on different boards for the Metropolitan PGA for over 10 years and has represented the PGA of America at the National Golf Day in Washington D.C. since 2012.
 He is involved in charities such as The First Tee, Folds of Honor, Hope for the Warriors, Wounded Warriors Foundation and Salute Military Golf Association.
Harbour Town Golf Links is a public golf course located in Sea Pines Plantation on Hilton Head Island in Beaufort County, South Carolina.
 Harbour Town Golf Links hosts the RBC Heritage, a PGA Tour event held in mid-April, usually the week after The Masters.
 Harbour Town Golf Links is ranked high among golf courses in America by "Golf Digest" and "Golf Magazine".
 The course consists of narrow fairways, overhanging oaks, pines, palmettos, and dark lagoons.
 Harbour Town Golf Links along with the Ocean Course and Heron Point, make up the Sea Pines Resort.
