Marie Rose Ferron (24 May 1902 – 11 May 1936), often called the Little Rose, was a Canadian-American Roman Catholic mystic and stigmatist.
Fr.
 Daniel P. Coughlin, STL, (born November 8, 1934) served as the 59th Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives from March 23, 2000, to April 14, 2011.
 He was the first Roman Catholic priest to serve in that position, and the process that led to his selection included some controversy.
 However, as a "Washington Post" article pointed out in 2010, on the occasion of Coughlin's tenth anniversary in the House Chaplain position, "there is ample evidence that the rancor that accompanied his selection has disappeared: Last week, lawmakers from both parties streamed onto the House floor to honor his decade of service."
Social Justice was an antisemitic American Roman Catholic periodical published by Father Charles Coughlin during the late 1930s and early 1940s.
National Shrine of the Little Flower Basilica Catholic Church in Royal Oak, Michigan is a well known Roman Catholic church and National Shrine executed in the lavish zig-zag Art Deco style.
 The structure was completed in two stages between 1931 and 1936.
 The sanctuary stands at 2100 West Twelve Mile Road at the northeast corner of Woodward Avenue and is a parish of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit.
 Construction was funded by the proceeds of the radio ministry of the controversial Father Charles Coughlin who broadcast from the tower during the 1930s.
Of True Religion, Heresy, Schism, Toleration; and what best means may be used against the Growth of Popery is the title of a polemical tract against the popery of the Roman Catholic Church written by John Milton which was published in London in 1673.
 The tract addresses Milton's own problems with the doctrines, practices, and ceremonies associated with the pope or the papal system of the Roman Catholic Church and, with what Milton called, the implicit faith of its members.
 The anti-Catholic ideas in Milton's writing are in direct response to the tolerant stance of King Charles II of England toward the Roman Catholic Church.
 Pro-Catholic sentiments had not been popular in England since the very bloody reign of the devout Roman Catholic queen Mary I of England.
 The obvious anti-Catholic ideas present in Milton's writing, coupled with Milton's own influence, may have inspired such social movements as the Glorious Revolution of 1688 and the eventual passing of the Popery Act of 1698.
The National Union for Social Justice was a political movement formed in 1934 by Rev. Charles Coughlin, a Roman Catholic priest and radio host.
 It heavily criticized Communism, Capitalism, and President Roosevelt's administration, while also advocating for the nationalization of utilities and banks.
Christianity is a minority religion within Karnataka, a state of India.
 Mangalorean Catholics are a community of centuries, though there also are Mangalorean Protestants.
 A Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangalore, a Roman Catholic Diocese of Belgaum, a Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bangalore, a Roman Catholic Diocese of Bellary, a Roman Catholic Diocese of Gulbarga, a Roman Catholic Diocese of Shimoga, a Roman Catholic Diocese of Mysore, a Roman Catholic Diocese of Karwar, a Roman Catholic Diocese of Udupi are present in Karnataka.
 The second largest church in Karnataka is the Church of South India with Karnataka Central Diocese, Karnataka Northern Diocese and the Karnataka Southern Diocese.
 Gangavathy has Mennonite Brethren Churches.
 An Anglican Body-India Christian Mission Church has its existence in Doddaballapur of Bangalore rural right from 1920s.
 There is also an Orthodox Diocese of Bangalore.
 The state had a relatively high number of anti-Christian attacks in 2009.
 More than 20 churches were devastated by the Hindu nationalist movement Bajrang Dal in 2008.
 In 2008, Karnataka had more than 100 anti-Christian attacks.
Frances Sweeney (c. 1908 – June 19, 1944) was a journalist and activist who campaigned against fascism, antisemitism, and political corruption in 1940s Boston.
 She edited her own newspaper, the "Boston City Reporter", and started the "Boston Herald" Rumor Clinic to combat fascist disinformation.
 Seeking to counteract the influence of the priest Charles Coughlin, whose antisemitic broadcasts were popular with Boston's Irish Catholics, she led protests and wrote editorials condemning the Christian Front and similar organizations.
 She was secretary of the American-Irish Defense Association of Boston and vice chairman of the Massachusetts Citizens' Committee for Racial Unity.
 A Catholic herself, Sweeney was threatened with excommunication when she criticized Cardinal O'Connell for his silence on Catholic antisemitism.
The Coughlin Campanile was completed on the campus of South Dakota State University (SDSU) in 1929.
 At a cost of seventy-five thousand dollars, it was a gift to the University from Charles Coughlin, a graduate from the class of 1909.
 The Campanile is a chimes tower that rises to 165 feet with 180 steps to the top observation platform open to the public, and is located on Medary Avenue.
 The tower's chimes cover three octaves and can be "played" manually from an organ in the nearby Lincoln Music Hall.
 The Campanile also appears in SDSU's business logo and on most letterheads.
Charles Edward Coughlin ( ; October 25, 1891 – October 27, 1979), was a controversial Canadian-American Roman Catholic priest based in the United States near Detroit at Royal Oak, Michigan's National Shrine of the Little Flower church.
 Commonly known as Father Coughlin, he was one of the first political leaders to use radio to reach a mass audience, as up to thirty million listeners tuned to his weekly broadcasts during the 1930s.
 He was forced off the air in 1939.
