Paresh Mokashi (born 6 February 1969) is an Indian filmmaker, producer, actor and Theatre director-producer; working predominantly in Marathi cinema and Marathi theatre.
 He started working as a backstage worker for theatre and did few minor roles for plays as well as films.
 Mokashi made his directorial debut for theatre with the Marathi play, "Sangeet Debuchya Mulee" in 1999.
 He continued to work for theatre and made his directorial debut for cinema with the 2009 Marathi feature film, "Harishchandrachi Factory".
 The film depicts the making of India's first full-length feature film, "Raja Harishchandra" (1913), made by Dadasaheb Phalke.
 The film was acclaimed critically and won several awards.
 It was also selected as India's official entry to 82nd Academy Awards in the Best Foreign Language Film category.
Spare Me is a 1992 "bowling noir" film that, as one film reviewer wrote, "twists conventions of the Western and thriller genres within its parallel universe of bowling monomania."
 Matthew Harrison's feature film directorial debut, the 16mm feature was made for less than $80,000 US and won awards at the Rome Film Festival, New Orleans Film Festival, Long Island Film Festival and others.
 Harrison used the cash award from a prize at the Avignon Film Festival to make his second feature, the Sundance Jury Prize winning "Rhythm Thief".
Peter John McKay (born 12 October 1994 in Burton-upon-Trent) is an English cricketer who plays for Warwickshire.
 He is a left-handed batsman who also plays as a wicket-keeper.
 McKay made his first-class debut for Warwickshire against Oxford MCCU in April 2013.
You Can't Kill Stephen King is a 2012 American comedy horror film that was directed by Monroe Mann, Ronnie Khalil, and Jorge Valdés-Iga, and is the directorial debut of Khalil and the feature film directorial debut of Mann.
 The film had its world premiere on 14 April 2012 at the Lewiston Auburn Film Festival and was later released to DVD on 9 December 2014 through Big Screen Entertainment Group.
 The film follows a group of friends that decide to visit the area horror author Stephen King lives, but find themselves threatened with their own potential deaths.
Brandon Dickerson is an American writer, director, and producer whose work includes film, music video, documentary film, and television commercials.
 He made his feature film directorial debut with the 2011 feature film "Sironia", which won the Audience Award at the 2011 Austin Film Festival in October 2011 before its release through Filmbuff.
 His second feature film as writer-director, "Victor", is set for release in 2017 as is his documentary film "A Single Frame".
Brady James Monson Corbet ( ; born August 17, 1988) is an American actor and filmmaker.
 Corbet is known for playing Mason Freeland in the film "Thirteen", Brian Lackey in the film "Mysterious Skin", Alan Tracy in the 2004 film "Thunderbirds", and Peter in the 2008 film "Funny Games".
 He has made guest appearances on many television shows.
 He made his feature film directorial debut with "The Childhood of a Leader" and won Best Debut film and Best Director award at 72nd Venice International Film Festival.
Chimères (English: "Chimeras") is a 2013 horror film and the feature film directorial debut of Olivier Beguin.
 The movie had its world premiere on July 5, 2013 at the Neuchâtel International Fantastic Film Festival, where it won a special mention for best feature film.
 It stars Yannick Rosset as a young man that ends up contracting vampirism after receiving a blood transfusion.
ATL is a 2006 American comedy-drama film, and the feature film directorial debut of music video director Chris Robinson.
 The screenplay was written by Tina Gordon Chism from an original story by Antwone Fisher, and is loosely based on the experiences of the film's producers Dallas Austin and Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins (of the R&B group TLC) growing up in Atlanta, Georgia (ATL).
 The film is a coming-of-age tale concerning Rashad, played by Atlanta native and hip hop artist T.I. in his film debut, and his friends in their final year in high school and on the verge of adulthood.
 The film also stars Antwan Andre Patton, aka Big Boi of the hip hop group OutKast, Evan Ross, Jackie Long, Lauren London, and Mykelti Williamson.
Chris McKay, also known as Chris Taylor, is an American film and television director, producer, editor, animator, and visual effects artist.
 He is best known for directing and editing three seasons of "Robot Chicken" and two seasons of "Moral Orel".
 He worked as an animation co-director on "The Lego Movie" (2014) with Phil Lord and Christopher Miller.
 He made his feature film directorial debut with "The Lego Batman Movie" (2017)"."
 He is attached to direct a live-action film about Nightwing.
Afflicted is a 2013 Canadian found footage horror film that was written and directed by Derek Lee and Clif Prowse, and is their feature film directorial debut.
 It had its world premiere on September 9, 2013 at the Toronto International Film Festival, where it won a special jury citation for Best Canadian First Feature Film.
 Lee and Prowse also star in "Afflicted" as two friends whose goal to film themselves traveling the world is cut short when one of them contracts a mysterious disease.
