Bjørnøya (English: Bear Island ) is a populated island in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
 It is connected to the Norwegian mainland through a man-made causeway.
 The nearest larger village on the mainland is Søvik.
 To the east of the Bjørnøya (between Bjørnøya and Søvik) lies the island of Terøya.
 The two islands are separated by the Bjørnøysundet.
 The island was part of the former municipality of Borgund until 1965 when it joined Haram.
Loppa Church (Norwegian: "Loppa kirke" ) is a parish church in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.
 It is located in the village of Loppa on the sparsely populated island of Loppa.
 The church is part of the Loppa parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 The small white wooden church was built in 1953.
 The church seats about 150 people, but it is rarely used since the island has few residents.
The Church of the Guanche People (Spanish: "Iglesia del Pueblo Guanche" ) is a religious organisation, founded in 2001 in the city of San Cristóbal de La Laguna (Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain).
 It aims to perpetuate and spread the pagan religion of the ancient Guanche people.
Karlsøy Church (Norwegian: "Karlsøy kirke" ) is a historic parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county, Norway.
 It is located on the island of Karlsøya.
 The church is part of the Karlsøy parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 The white wooden church was built in 1854 and it seats about 570 people.
 The church is no longer in regular use, since it is on a remote, now-sparsely populated island.
 The church holds special services occasionally including one summer service each year.
Pung Island (Korean: 풍도 , Pungdo) is a small populated island on the Yellow Sea, located in within the municipal borders of Ansan city, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea, about 74 km South West of Seoul, the country's capital town, and 24 km south of the larger Daebudo island.
The island of Vilsandi, Kihelkonna Parish, Saare County, Estonia is located in the Baltic Sea.
 It covers an area of some 9 square km and is the westernmost populated island in Estonia.
 The surrounding waters are shallow and rocky and many ships travelling the Baltic have perished nearby.
 The island of Vilsandi can be reached by boat, by truck having suitable clearance or on foot by wading from Saaremaa.
 Much of the island is now part of Vilsandi National Park, which grew from a bird reserve founded in 1910.
 It is a highly sensitive ecosystem due to the use of the area by many migratory birds as a breeding and nesting ground.
 Hunting is absolutely prohibited.
 This park is a popular tourist destination not only for local Estonians, but also people of Finland who are visiting Estonia in greater and greater numbers.
Guanche mummies are the intentionally desiccated remains of members of the indigenous Guanche people of the Canary Islands.
 The majority of Guanche mummies were made during the eras prior to Spanish settlement of the area in the 15th century.
 The methods of embalming are similar to those that were used by the Ancient Egyptians, though fewer mummies remain from the Guanche due to looting and desecration.
Tenerife ( ; ] ) is the largest and most populated island of the seven Canary Islands.
 It is also the most populated island of Spain, with a land area of 2034.38 km2 and 898,680 inhabitants, 43 percent of the total population of the Canary Islands.
 Tenerife is the largest and most populous island of Macaronesia.
Wheeling Island is the most populated island in the Ohio River.
 It lies within the city of Wheeling in Ohio County, West Virginia, in the United States.
 The 2000 census showed a resident population of 3,142 people on the island, which has a land area of 1.514 km² (374 acres).
 Neville Island, PA is larger (3.4 km²) but has fewer people (1,232).
Mactan or Maktan is a densely populated island located a few kilometres (~1 mile) from Cebu Island in the Philippines.
 The island is part of Cebu Province and it is divided into Lapu-Lapu City and the municipality of Cordova.
 The island is separated from Cebu by the Mactan Channel which is crossed by two bridges: the Marcelo Fernan Bridge and the Mactan-Mandaue Bridge.
 The island covers some 65 km2 and is home to some 470,000 people, making it the nation's most densely populated island.
 Along with Olango Island Group, the isles are administered as 1 city and a municipality covering 75.25 km2 .
