The Elson S. Floyd College of Medicine is a recently created public medical school in the northwest United States, based in Spokane, Washington.
 Founded in 2015, it is affiliated with Washington State University (WSU) of Pullman, and is the second public medical school in the State of Washington.
 It plans to seat its inaugural class in the fall of 2017, joining the University of Washington and Pacific Northwest University of Health Sciences as one of three medical schools in the state.
Charles Vancouver Piper (16 June 1867 – 11 February 1926) was an American botanist and agriculturalist.
 Born in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, he spent his youth in Seattle, Washington Territory and graduated from the University of Washington Territory in 1885.
 He taught botany and zoology in 1892 at the Washington Agricultural College (now Washington State University) in Pullman.
 He earned a master's degree in botany in 1900 from Harvard University.
KWSU-TV digital channel 10 in Pullman, Washington and KTNW digital channel 31 in Richland, Washington are a simulcasting pair of Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member stations covering southeastern Washington and north central Idaho as well as Wallowa County, Oregon.
 The two stations are owned by Washington State University.
She was born and raised in Pullman, Washington, near the Washington/Idaho state line.
 Her mother taught high school and college level English, and was the Pullman High School librarian for many years, and her father was a professor of English at Washington State University.
Ali Fredrick Farokhmanesh (born April 16, 1988) is an American former professional basketball player.
 He was born in Pullman, Washington, where he attended high school at Pullman High School for two years before moving to Iowa and attending West High School in Iowa City, Iowa.
 He then attended junior college at Indian Hills Community College and Kirkwood Community College before transferring to the University of Northern Iowa.
 In 2014, he stopped playing professionally, when he became an assistant coach for Nebraska Cornhuskers.
The James Richard Jewett Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Washington State University.
 It is located in Pullman, Washington (US).
 It houses the largest refracting telescope in the state of Washington.
 The 12-inch lens was originally ground and polished between 1887 and 1889 by Alvan Clark & Sons for an amateur astronomer, who died before the telescope could be assembled.
 The lens was put into storage, and was purchased by the university when it came up for auction in the 1950s.
 Its present dome was dedicated in 1953 and it is named after the father of a supporter of the observatory, Mr. George Jewett of Spokane.
Pullman High School is a public secondary school in the city of Pullman, Washington, the home of Washington State University.
William Lindsay Allen, sometimes identified as William Luedyard Allen, (c. 1877 – May 13, 1907) was an American football player and coach.
 He played college football at the University of Michigan and was a player on the 1898 Michigan Wolverines football team that won the school's first Western Conference championship.
 During the 1900 and 1902 college football seasons, he was the head football coach at Washington Agricultural College and School of Science—now known as Washington State University—in Pullman, Washington.
 He compiled a record of 6–3–1 as the head coach at Washington Agricultural.
KZUU (90.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting in an educational format.
 Licensed to Pullman, Washington, United States, the station serves the Pullman, WA area.
 The station is currently owned by Washington State University.
Cable 8 Productions (often referred to as Cable 8) is an independent, Student television station based on the Washington State University campus in Pullman, Washington.
 Cable 8 Productions has served the students of Washington State University since 1986.
 Founded by Professor W. Neal Robison,
