The Barry Way is a partly unsealed alpine road running from Jindabyne southwest to the Victorian border, where it becomes the Snowy River Road.
 It eventually leads to Buchan, a total distance of 170 kilometres with no services or towns.
 It is sealed for the first 27 kilometres from Jindabyne, becoming unsealed at Ingebirah Gap, remaining so as far as the Victorian border.
 The road passes through some very remote and unspoilt wilderness in the Australian Alps.
 The scenery along the road provides views of the Snowy River valley and the surrounding mountains.
 There are a number of campsites along the road, from Jacobs River southwards.
 During the summer months, the weather on the Barry Way can be extremely hot and the sun's rays powerful whilst in winter the road can be closed for considerable amounts of time due to heavy snowfalls and dangerous ice.
 At the NSW/VIC border, the Barry Way becomes known as Snowy River Road and continues southward into the Gippsland region of Victoria.
The Man from Snowy River is an Australian adventure drama television series based on Banjo Paterson's poem "The Man from Snowy River".
 Released in Australia as "Banjo Paterson's The Man from Snowy River", the series was subsequently released in both the United States and the United Kingdom as "Snowy River: The McGregor Saga".
The Man from Snowy River II is a 1988 Australian drama film, the sequel to the 1982 film "The Man from Snowy River".
"The Man from Snowy River" is a poem by Australian bush poet Banjo Paterson.
 It was first published in "The Bulletin", an Australian news magazine, on 26 April 1890, and was published by Angus & Robertson in October 1895, with other poems by Paterson, in "The Man from Snowy River and Other Verses".
The Man from Snowy River is a 1982 Australian drama film based on the Banjo Paterson poem "The Man from Snowy River".
 The film had a cast including Kirk Douglas in a dual role as the brothers Harrison (a character who appeared frequently in Paterson's poems) and Spur, Jack Thompson as Clancy, Tom Burlinson as Jim Craig, Sigrid Thornton as Harrison's daughter Jessica, Terence Donovan as Jim's father Henry Craig, and Chris Haywood as Curly.
The Man from Snowy River and Other Verses (1895) is the first collection of poems by Australian poet Banjo Paterson.
 It was released in hardback by Angus and Robertson in 1895, and features the poet's widely anthologised poems "The Man from Snowy River", "Clancy of the Overflow", "Saltbush Bill" and "The Man from Ironbark".
 It also contains the poet's first two poems that featured in The Bulletin Debate, a famous dispute in "The Bulletin" magazine from 1892-93 between Paterson and Henry Lawson.
"The Man from Snowy River is the original motion picture soundtrack from the 1982 film "The Man from Snowy River".
The Man from Snowy River: Arena Spectacular, based on Banjo Paterson's poem "The Man from Snowy River", was a popular musical theatre production which toured Australian capital cities twice during 2002.
 Kevin Jacobsen and David Atkins were the executive producers for the show.
 David Atkins and Ignatius Jones were co-directors and co-writers.
 Extra dialogue was written for the show by Jonathan Biggins and Phillip Scott.
Return to Snowy River is the original motion picture soundtrack from the 1988 film "The Man from Snowy River II".
 The soundtrack album is named after the American title for the film.
Bruce Rowland (born May 9, 1942 in Melbourne) is a well-known Australian composer.
 He composed the soundtrack for the 1982 movie "The Man from Snowy River", as well as the soundtrack for its 1988 sequel "The Man from Snowy River II" (which has the United States title of "Return to Snowy River", and the United Kingdom title of "The Untamed").
 Both films were based on Banjo Paterson's poem The Man from Snowy River.
 His other film scores include "Now and Forever" (1983), "Phar Lap" (1983), "Bushfire Moon" (1987), "Cheetah" (1989), "Weekend with Kate" (1990), "Gross Misconduct" (1993), "Andre" (1994), "Lightning Jack" (1994), "Zeus and Roxanne" (1997) and the TV movie "" (1997).
