Broken Social Scene is a Canadian indie rock band, a musical collective including as few as six and as many as nineteen members, formed by Kevin Drew and Brendan Canning.
 Most of its members play in various other groups and solo projects, mainly in the city of Toronto.
 These associated acts include Metric, Feist, Stars, Apostle of Hustle, Do Make Say Think, KC Accidental, Emily Haines & The Soft Skeleton, Amy Millan, and Jason Collett.
Emily Haines (born January 25, 1974) is a Canadian singer and songwriter.
 She is best known as the lead singer, keyboardist and songwriter of the rock band Metric and a member of Broken Social Scene.
 As a solo artist, she has performed under her own name and under the moniker Emily Haines & The Soft Skeleton.
 Haines possesses a soprano vocal range.
What is Free to a Good Home?
 is the first extended play (EP) by Emily Haines & The Soft Skeleton.
 The EP consists of five new songs and a remix, including previously unreleased tracks from the sessions of "Knives Don't Have Your Back".
 It was released July 24, 2007 in Canada and the United States on Last Gang Records.
 The title of the EP comes from a poem by Emily Haines' father, Paul Haines.
Knives Don't Have Your Back is the debut studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Emily Haines and the Soft Skeleton.
 It is not her own debut album, as she released under her own name in limited number of copies an earlier work in 1996, the "Cut in Half and Also Double" album, which was self-released.
 The album was released in September 2006 on Last Gang Records.
 It debuted at 28 in Canada and has sold 20,000 copies there.
 She has stated that Metric is still her first priority.
Jane Vain and the Dark Matter is an indie rock band formed in 2005 from Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
 The band is fronted by Calgary native Jamie Fooks, and signed to Edmonton’s Rectangle Records.
 They describe their sound as indie electro-pop.
 The "Montreal Mirror" called their music “melancholy" and "macabre,” and Fooks has been compared to Emily Haines, Cat Power, and Fiona Apple.
 They released their first full-length album, "Love Is Where the Smoke Is", in January 2008.
Nightsongs is the first album by Canadian indie rock band Stars, released in 2001 on Le Grand Magistery.
 At this time, Stars consisted only of Torquil Campbell and Chris Seligman, although both Amy Millan and Emily Haines of Metric make appearances.
 There is also a very rare vinyl pressing of the record on the Japanese label Syft, which has since gone out of business.
 The vinyl pressing also has 2 additional tracks ("Friend's Father's Mother" and "Angeline") not featured on the CD version.
Cut In Half and Also Double is the debut album by Canadian artist Emily Haines that she self-released in about 2,000 copies in 1996 in Toronto.
 The song "Carpet" contains similar lyrics and vocal melodies to those in "Too Little Too Late," which she recorded a decade later with her band Metric.
 "Pink" finishes with a recording of a homeless woman rambling.
Forgiveness Rock Record is the fourth studio album by Canadian indie rock musical collective Broken Social Scene, released by the Arts & Crafts record label on May 4, 2010.
 The critically acclaimed album, produced by John McEntire of the band Tortoise, features guest appearances by Leslie Feist, Emily Haines of Metric, Scott Kannberg from Pavement, and Sebastien Grainger of Death from Above 1979.
Metric is a Canadian indie rock and new wave band founded in 1998 in Toronto.
 The band has also at various times been based in Montreal, London, New York City and Los Angeles.
 Metric consists of vocalist Emily Haines (who also plays the synthesizer and guitar), guitarist James Shaw (who also plays the synthesizer and theremin), bassist Josh Winstead and drummer Joules Scott-Key.
Metric is a Canadian rock band founded in 1998 in Toronto.
 The band consists of Emily Haines (lead vocals, synthesizers, guitar, tambourine, harmonica, piano), James Shaw (guitar, synthesizers, theremin, backing vocals), Joshua Winstead (bass, synthesizers, backing vocals) and Joules Scott-Key (drums, percussion).
 Although the band is Canadian, Haines was born in India and Winstead is American.
 The band started in 1998 as a duo formed by Haines and Shaw with the name "Mainstream".
 After releasing an EP titled "Mainstream EP", they changed the band's name to Metric, after a sound that was programmed by Shaw on his keyboard.
 In 2001, Winstead and Scott-Key joined them.
