The Muscogee language (Mvskoke in Muscogee), also known as Creek, Seminole, Maskókî or Muskogee, is a Muskogean language spoken by Muscogee (Creek) and Seminole people, primarily in the U.S. states of Oklahoma and Florida.
Black Indians are people of mixed African-American and Native American heritage, who have strong ties to Native American culture.
 Many Indigenous peoples of the Eastern Woodlands, such as the Narragansett, Pequot, Lumbee and Cherokee, have a significant degree of African ancestry.
The Seminole are a Native American people originally from Florida.
 Today, they principally live in Oklahoma with a minority in Florida, and comprise three federally recognized tribes: the Seminole Tribe of Oklahoma, the Seminole Tribe of Florida, and Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida, as well as independent groups.
 The Seminole nation emerged in a process of ethnogenesis from various Native American groups who settled in Florida in the 18th century, most significantly northern Muscogee (Creeks) from what is now Georgia and Alabama.
 The word "Seminole" is derived from the Creek word "simanó-li", which may be itself be derived from the Spanish word "cimarrón", menaning "runaway" or "wild one".
The history of draining and development of the Everglades dates back to the 19th century.
 During the Second Seminole War beginning in 1836, the United States military's mission was to seek out Seminole people in the Everglades and capture or kill them.
 Those missions gave the military the opportunity to map land that seemed to frustrate and confound them at every turn.
 A national push for expansion and progress toward the latter part of the 19th century stimulated interest in draining the Everglades for agricultural use.
 According to historians, "From the middle of the nineteenth century to the middle of the twentieth century, the United States went through a period in which wetland removal was not questioned.
 Indeed, it was considered the proper thing to do."
Seminole music is the music of the Seminole people, an indigenous people of the Americas who formed in Florida in the 18th century.
 Today most live in Oklahoma, but a minority continue in Florida.
 They have three federally recognized tribes, and some people belong to bands outside those groups.
 Their traditional music includes extensive use of rattles, hand drums, water drums, and flutes.
Seminole County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 25,482.
 Its county seat is Wewoka.
 Before Oklahoma's admission as a state, the county was the entire small portion of Indian Territory allocated to the Seminole people, who were removed from Florida in the 1820s.
The Battle of Jupiter Inlet occurred on January 15, 1838, between the Seminole Indians - Seminole Negro and the United States Navy.
 This was the first of a series of battles led by the US Navy in the area, also referred to as the First Battle of Loxahatchee.
 The battle started when Lt. Levin Powell led an expedition of 200 soldiers, sailors and marines, down the east coast of Florida.
 The Navy spotted a trail alongside the Jupiter Inlet, and seventy-five men were landed to find the Seminole camp nearby.
 The camp was led by Sam Jones, Ar-pi-uck-i, the spiritual medicine and war chief of the Miccosukee and Seminole people during the war.
 The officers that advanced on the camp were outnumbered and ambushed.
 After a long fight, the US retreated with five men killed in action and about twenty others wounded.
 Ltn.
 Powell was one of those killed in battle.
The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma is a federally recognized Native American tribe based in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
 It is the largest of the three federally recognized Seminole governments, which include the Seminole Tribe of Florida and the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida.
 Its members are descendants of the 3,000 Seminoles who were forcibly removed from Florida to Indian Territory, along with 800 Black Seminoles, after the Second Seminole War.
 The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma is headquartered in Wewoka within Seminole County, Oklahoma.
 Of 18,800 enrolled tribal members, 13,533 live within the state of Oklahoma.
 The tribe began to revive its government in 1936 under the Indian Reorganization Act.
 While its reservation was originally larger, today the tribal jurisdictional area covers Seminole County, Oklahoma, within which it has a variety of properties.
Dhoolpet is one of the old suburbs in Hyderabad, India.
 It is part of the old city of Hyderabad.
 This place is inhabited by people who migrated from Uttar Pradesh during the Nizam rule.
 The Nizam helped these people settle in this area.
 The area is notorious for bootlegging and has witnessed attacks on policemen or excise department officials during raids.
The Black Seminoles are black Indians associated with the Seminole people in Florida and Oklahoma.
 They are the descendants of free blacks and of escaped slaves (called maroons) who allied with Seminole groups in Spanish Florida.
 Historically, the Black Seminoles lived mostly in distinct bands near the Native American Seminole.
 Some were held as slaves of particular Seminole leaders; but they had more freedom than did slaves held by whites in the South and by other Native American tribes, including the right to bear arms.
