The following is a list of unproduced Darren Aronofsky projects in roughly chronological order.
 During his long career, American film director Darren Aronofsky has worked on a number of projects which never progressed beyond the pre-production stage under his direction.
 Some of these projects fell in development hell or were cancelled.
The Fountain: Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack album to the 2006 film "The Fountain" directed by Darren Aronofsky.
 Released on November 27, 2006, through Nonesuch Records, the album is a collaboration between contemporary classical composer and frequent Aronofsky collaborator Clint Mansell, classical string quartet the Kronos Quartet, and post-rock band Mogwai.
 The score received mixed reviews from critics and was nominated for several awards.
Agrippina Yakovlevna Vaganova (Russian: Агриппина Яковлевна Ваганова ; 26 June 1879 – 5 November 1951) was a Russian ballet teacher who developed the Vaganova method – the technique which derived from the teaching methods of the old "Imperial Ballet School" (today the "Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet") under the "Premier Maître de Ballet" Marius Petipa throughout the mid to late 19th century, though mostly throughout the 1880s and 1890s.
 It was Vaganova who perfected and cultivated this form of teaching the art of classical ballet into a workable syllabus.
 Her "Fundamentals of the Classical Dance" (1934) remains a standard textbook for the instruction of ballet technique.
 Her technique is one of the most popular techniques today.
Valery Kritskov is a Russian conductor who used to take conducting lessons at the Moscow Institute of Culture which were taught by Kirill Tikhonov.
 He graduated from there in 1988 and then worked in Moscow-based Helikon Opera till he got employed with Novaya Opera in 2002.
 While there, he conducted many operas including Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's "The Snow Maiden" and "The Tsar’s Bride" as well as Anton Rubinstein's "The Demon" and Tchaikovsky's "The Maid of Orleans".
 He also conducted works by the Italian composers such as Pietro Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana" and Ruggero Leoncavallo's "Pagliacci" and German such as Richard Wagner's "Lohengrin" and Strauss' "Die Fledermaus" as well as a concert dedicated to Vincenzo Bellini.
 Besides operas, he is also known for his conducting of the Russian ballet based on works by Tchaikovsky and Sergei Prokofiev as well as German and Austrian ballet composers such as Ludwig Minkus and Charles Gounod.
 Later on, he became a conductor of the Coppélia ballet which was based by Léo Delibes work and was produced by Imperial Russian Ballet.
 Currently he has two CD recordings called "Chorus of the Novaya Opera Theatre of Moscow" and the "Soloists of the Novaya Opera Theatre of Moscow".
Ari Handel (born in Zürich, Switzerland) is an American neuroscientist, film producer, and writer.
 He is known for co-writing the films "Noah" and "The Fountain" with his Harvard Dunster House suitemate Darren Aronofsky and for helping to produce these films along with two other Darren Aronofsky films, "The Wrestler" and "Black Swan".
 He started co-writing the film "Noah" around 2003.
Noah is a 2014 American epic biblical drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky and inspired by the Biblical story of Noah's Ark from the "Book of Genesis".
 The film, which was co-written by Aronofsky and Ari Handel, stars Russell Crowe as Noah, along with Jennifer Connelly, Emma Watson, Ray Winstone, Logan Lerman, Douglas Booth, and Anthony Hopkins.
 The film was released in North American theaters on March 28, 2014, in 2D and IMAX, while a version of the film converted to 3D and IMAX 3D was released in several other countries.
Requiem for a Dream is a 2000 American psychological drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connelly, and Marlon Wayans.
 The film is based on the novel of the same name by Hubert Selby, Jr., with whom Aronofsky wrote the screenplay.
Avdotia Timofeyeva (1739-?)
, was a Russian ballerina.
 She belonged to the first group of ballet dancers in the history of Russian ballet.
 Timofejeva was a part of the first group of ballet students trained by the founder of the Russian ballet, Jean-Baptiste Landé, and was given a position in the ballet of the Imperial theatres in 1748.
 She performed many parts in the ballets by Giovanni Battista Locatelli and Antonio Sacco.
Pi, also titled π , is a 1998 American surrealist psychological thriller film written and directed by Darren Aronofsky in his directorial debut.
 The film earned Aronofsky the Directing Award at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival, the Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay and the Gotham Open Palm Award.
 The title refers to the mathematical constant pi.
 The film is notable for its covering of an array of themes including religion, mysticism and the relationship of the universe to mathematics.
"Black Swan" is a 2010 American psychological thriller film about a ballet dancer directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Natalie Portman, Vincent Cassel, and Mila Kunis.
 After the 83rd Academy Awards, in which Portman won the Oscar for Best Actress for her role in the film as a ballerina, controversy arose over how much credit for the dancing in the film was being given to her and how much to her "dance double", American Ballet Theatre soloist Sarah Lane.
