The Discocks are a punk rock band formed in 1989 with Peter (Ohashi) and bass, Naka-chin on guitar and early D.S.B. drummer Hiroichi on drums.
 In 1994 the band released their first EP "Voice Of Youth" on their own New Age Records.
 The EP was re-released with a different cover on Helen Of Oi!
 Records.
 The band continued to play shows in Japan before in 1995 releasing The "Class Of '94" EP on Knock Out Records.
 This EP contained two covers of English Oi!
/Punk band The Ejected.
 They also released the split EP with Tom And Boot Boys on Knock Out Records which contained three songs from Tom And Boot Boys and two from the Discocks (one of which was a cover of Menace's "Last Year's Youth").
 New Age Records also released a compilation LP in 1995 called "Noise For The Boys" with the bands Raise A Flag, Taisho as well as five new songs from The Discocks.
 In 1997 the band went to North America with Tom And Boot Boys to record their first full length Long Live Oi!
 During their time they toured the east coast with The Unseen, The Casualties and Blanks 77.
 The Unseen members Mark and Paul also contributed to the choruses on Long Live Oi!
.
 After returning to Japan in late 1997 the band recorded a two track EP on Overthrow Records called "Bootboys Anthem".
 Soon saw the departure of longtime members Naka-Chin and Hiroishi, however they were quickly replaced with YAS and Ben from fellow Oi!
 band Blockbuster this lineup recorded the O.P.D.L. demo and appeared on the 7" compilation "Transition Period" alongside The Dick Spikie and Youth Anthem.
"Bellyache" is the first single released by the Britpop band Echobelly in 1993.
 The songs "Bellyache" and "Give Her A Gun" were re-recorded for their debut album, "Everyone's Got One".
 The other two b-sides, "Sleeping Hitler" and "I Don't Belong Here" were re-recorded and released as b-sides to "Kali Yuga", from the album "People Are Expensive".
 The EP was also released on 12" vinyl.
Bannari Amman temple (Tamil: பண்ணாரி அம்மன் கோயில் ) is one of the most famous Amman temples in Tamil nadu and it is in Bannari on NH 209, near Sathyamangalam, Erode district.
 Main deity is goddess Mariamman (the goddess of rain), a form of supreme mother Durga or Maha Kali or Shakthi.
Samayapuram Mariamman Temple is a Hindu temple in Samayapuram near Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu, India.
 The main deity, "Samayapurathal" or "Mariamman", a form of supreme mother goddess Durga or Maha Kali or Aadi Shakthi, is made of sand and clay like many of the traditional Mariamman deities, and hence unlike many other Hindu deities there are no "abhishekams" (sacred washing) conducted to the main deity, but instead the "abishekam" is done to the small stone statue in front of it.
The Maha Kali Mata Mandir Sataini is a temple situated in Azamgarh, Uttar Pradesh, India.
The Maha Kali Mandir is a temple situated on the national highway near the Majitha bypass on the Jalandhar-Rajasansi airport road, in the state of Punjab, India.
 The temple was built by the late Sh.
 Ramesh Chander Sharma, and is run by the Mahakali Mandir Trust, currently headed by Mr. Ritesh Kumar Sharma, who runs the trust and organises the events.
Maha Kali is an EP by the Swedish extreme metal band Dissection.
 It was the first release after the rebirth of Dissection, shortly after Jon Nödtveidt was released from prison.
 It represents the band's change from a melodic black metal sound to a more Gothenburg-based sound of melodic death metal.
 The song "Maha Kali" also appears on the live DVD "Rebirth of Dissection", and was re-recorded and included on Dissection's last full-length album, "Reinkaos"; "Unhallowed (Rebirth Version)" is a re-recording from "Storm of the Light's Bane".
 "Maha Kali" entered the Swedish charts at number 50.
The Opiate of the Masses is a remix EP by Industrial rock band Grotus.
 The EP contains Transglobal Underground remixes of the songs "Kali Yuga", "Shivayanama", and "Sleepwalking".
The Kollur Mookambika Temple/ ಕೊಲ್ಲೂರು ಮೂಕಾಂಬಿಕಾ ದೇವಸ್ಥಾನ at Kollur, Udupi District in the state of Karnataka, India, is a Hindu temple dedicated to mother Durga devi or Saraswati known as Mookambika Devi.
 Mookambika is Shakthi devi, the supreme mother goddess in Hinduism.
 She is worshipped in three different forms such as Maha Kali (goddess of power) in the morning, Maha Lakshmi (goddess of wealth) in the noon and Maha Saraswati (goddess of knowledge) in the evening.
 There are bus train services from Byndoor Udupi and Mangalore to Kollur at regular interval.
Rohan Kapoor (or "Ruhan", born 1965) is a Hindi actor and singer, son of Mahendra Kapoor.
 He started his film career at the age of 16 as an assistant director with Manoj Kumar for the film Kranti.
 After that, he became active on the stage with Shafi Inamdar and even acted for two of his most popular plays - Neela Kamra and Adaa.
 Also, Yash Chopra gave him a role in his film Faasle in 1985 It was then that Yash Chopra gave a break to Rohan as a Hero in his Film FAASLE with Farha in the year 1985, then he got a role in Love 86, which took the youth of the country by storm in which Govinda co-starred with Rohan.
 After that, Prakash Mehra got Rohan to play in Imaandaar in deference to his earlier role with Shafi Inamdar and Sanjay Dutt, which got Rohan lots of critical acclaim from the media as well as moviegoers.
 Then, many other roles came, in Masti, Mera Naseeb, Maha Kali, Sur Asur and many other films.
