Juniore is a French indie pop band formed in Paris in 2013.
 The group is led by singer/songwriter Anna Jean, daughter of French writer J.M.G. Le Clézio.
 The band's musical style is influenced by the music of the 1960s; the website AllMusic describes their music as mixing "modern indie pop sensibilities with elements of retro French pop, dark, twangy surf guitar, and a vocal style that falls somewhere between Cat Power and Françoise Hardy."
 Jean had previously appeared in the duo Domingo and featured on the Bot’Ox track "Blue Steel".
 The band's debut album, "Ouh là là", is released on Le Phonographe, a label that Jean founded with Samy Osta, who is also the producer of albums by La Femme and Feu!
 Chatterton.
"Islands" is a song recorded by English indie pop band The xx for their self-titled debut studio album.
 Written by band-members Jamie Smith, Oliver Sim, Romy Madley Croft and then-member Baria Qureshi, "Islands" is a dark and simple indie pop track.
 It also contains influences from house music and features instrumentation from guitars and synthesizers.
 Croft and Sim, who provided vocals in the track, sing about themes related to loyalty and love.
 "Islands" was released on 26 October 2009 as the third single from the album by Young Turks in 7-inch single and digital download formats.
 In March 2010, the song was re-released as a 12-inch single.
Fickle Friends is an English indie pop band from Brighton.
 The band formed in 2013, and is made up of Natassja Shiner (vocals, keyboard), Harry Herrington (bass, backing vocals), Chris Hall (lead guitar), Sam Morris (drums) and Jack Wilson (keyboards).
 Natasja met Sam at Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts and met Chris, Harry and Jack the following year in BIMM Brighton.
Sing-Sing were an English indie pop/dream pop band formed in 1997 in London, comprising vocalist Lisa O'Neill (who had previously worked with Locust, Mad Professor, and Kid Loco) and guitarist/vocalist Emma Anderson (formerly of Lush).
 They worked with a variety of musicians to create a sound which nodded to 1960s girl groups, electronica and folk.
 They disbanded in 2007.
The Primitives are an English indie pop band from Coventry, best known for their 1988 international hit single "Crash".
 Formed in 1984, disbanded in 1992 and reformed in 2009, the band's two constant members throughout their recording career have been vocalist Tracy Tracy and guitarist Paul Court.
 Drummer Tig Williams has been a constant member since 1987 and the reformed line-up is completed by bassist Raph Moore.
 Often described as an indie pop or indie rock band, The Primitives' musical style can also be seen as straddling power pop, new wave and pop punk.
"My Wicked Heart" is a song co-written and co-produced by English singer Diana Vickers.
 It was digitally released on 17 October 2010 and physically released on 1 November 2010 by RCA Records in the United Kingdom.
 The track was inspired by indie music including The xx and The Doors and features Vickers playing the trumpet.
 Vickers performed the single live on the seventh series of "The X Factor" on 17 October 2010.
 "My Wicked Heart" received commercial success peaking at number 13 on the UK Singles Chart making it Vickers' second top 20 single.
 The single is not included on an album due to Vickers leaving the label it was recorded under.
Teleman is an English indie pop band formed in London in 2012.
 The group consists of Thomas Sanders (vocals, guitar), Jonny Sanders (synths), Pete Cattermoul (bass) and Hiro Amamiya (drums).
 Cattermoul and the Sanders brothers were previously members of the indie pop band Pete and the Pirates.
 Thomas Sanders has also recorded music under his solo name, Tap Tap.
The Mexican Spitfires were an Australian indie rock–indie pop band formed in 1986.
 The original lineup consisted of Price Conlan on drums, Stephen McCowage on lead guitar, Tim O'Reilly on bass and vocals, Michael Quinlan on rhythm guitar and vocals.
 O'Reilly, Quinlan and McCowage had all played in a psychedelic 1960s-styled indie pop band, Prince Vlad & the Gargoyle Impalers.
 They recorded two extended plays, "Lupe Velez" (1988) and "Elephant" (1990); however, they had disbanded late in 1989.
The xx are an English indie pop band formed in 2005 in Wandsworth, London, and currently consists of Oliver Sim (bass, vocals), Romy Madley Croft (guitar, vocals) and Jamie xx (beats, MPC, record production).
 They are best known for their distinct and unique minimalistic sound that blends the likes of indie pop, indie electronic, dream pop and electronic rock and the dual vocalist setup of both Croft and Sim.
Jaws are an English indie pop band formed in Birmingham, England in 2012 after singer Connor Schofield had posted a demo (Cameron) online that received enough positive feedback to encourage him to start a band with friends from Halesowen College.
 They have often been identified as part of the Digbeth-based B-Town scene and hotly tipped as ones to watch.
