Kevin Avery (born June 24, 1957) is an American biographer, short story writer, and editor.
 Born and raised in Salt Lake City, Utah, he now lives in Brooklyn, New York.
 His first two books, "Everything Is an Afterthought: The Life and Writings of Paul Nelson" and "Conversations with Clint: Paul Nelson's Lost Interviews with Clint Eastwood, 1979 - 1983", were published within weeks of each other by two different publishers, Fantagraphics Books and Continuum Books, respectively, in 2011.
"The Blame" is a song recorded by American country music group Highway 101.
 It was released in September 1991 as the second single from the album "Bing Bang Boom".
 The song reached #31 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 The song was written by the group's drummer Cactus Moser, along with Paul Nelson and Gene Nelson.
"Just as I Am" is song recorded by American country music artist Ricky Van Shelton.
 It was released in March 1993 as the second single from his "Greatest Hits Plus" compilation album.
 The song reached #26 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 The song was written by Larry Boone and Paul Nelson.
"Burnin' Old Memories" is a song written by Larry Boone, Paul Nelson and Gene Nelson, and recorded by American country music artist Kathy Mattea.
 It was released in July 1989 as the second single from the album "Willow in the Wind".
 "Burnin' Old Memories" was Kathy Mattea's fourth and final number one on the country chart.
 "Burnin' Old Memories" went to number one for one week and spent fourteen weeks on the country chart.
Michael Paul Nelson is an environmental scholar, writer, teacher, speaker, and consultant who holds the Ruth H. Spaniol Chair in Natural Resources and is a Professor of environmental philosophy and ethics at Oregon State University.
 He also serves as the Lead Principal Investigator for the H.J. Andrews Long-Term Ecological Research Program at Oregon State.
 Nelson is also the philosopher in residence of the Isle Royale Wolf-Moose Project, and the co-founder and co-director of the Conservation Ethics Group.
"On a Good Night" is a song written by Larry Boone, Don Cook and Paul Nelson, and recorded by American country music artist Wade Hayes.
 It was released in May 1996 as the lead-off single and title from Hayes' album "On a Good Night".
 The song reached number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart and number 4 on the Canadian "RPM" country singles chart.
 It is his second highest-peaking single.
Lost Generation was the second major label album by singer-songwriter Elliott Murphy produced by Paul A. Rothchild and recorded at Elektra Studio in Los Angeles and was reviewed by Paul Nelson in Rolling Stone.
 The album featured an all-star band of top session musicians including drummer Jim Gordon and keyboardist Richard Tee.
 The cover photo of Murphy standing in front of an open parachute was taken by photographer Ed Caraeff.
 Paul Nelson's Rolling Stone review called the album "brilliant but extraordinarily difficult" and gave Murphy the Hemingwayesque accolade, "When he's on the street, the sun also rises on one of the best."
Paul Nelson is a Grammy-winning American guitarist, performer, record producer, and songwriter.
 Who has worked with everyone from Eric Clapton to members of the Allman Brothers Band and the list goes on.
 He was in the blues rock band of guitarist/singer icon Johnny Winter.
 He produced and played on several of Winter's albums, including the Grammy-nominated "I'm a Blues Man", "Roots", "Step Back".
 The latter of these won him a Grammy Award for Best Blues Album, debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" chart for Blues Albums and Independent Albums, and debuted at #16 on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart, the highest spot in Winter's career.
 It also won the Blues Music Award for Best Rock Blues Album.
 Nelson was inducted into the New York Blues Hall of Fame and is a recipient of the distinguished KBA award from the Blues Foundation.
 He received a 59th Grammy nomination for his work as producer and performer on Joe Louis Walker's "Everybody Wants a Piece".
"Old Coyote Town" is a song recorded by American country music artist Don Williams.
 It was released in January 1989 as the fourth single from the album "Traces".
 The song reached number 5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 The song previously appeared on co-writer Larry Boone's 1988 album "Swingin' Doors, Sawdust Floors", and was the B-side to that album's single "Wine Me Up".
 Boone wrote the song with Paul Nelson and Gene Nelson.
"Eighteen Wheels and a Dozen Roses" is a song written by Paul Nelson and Gene Nelson, and recorded by American country music artist Kathy Mattea.
 It was released in March 1988 as the second single from her album "Untasted Honey".
 The song hit number one on both the US and Canadian Country charts in 1988.
