The Lund Chamber Choir (Swedish: "Lunds Kammarkör" ) is a mixed choir from Lund, Sweden.
 The choir was founded by Eva Svanholm Bohlin in 1983 and she remained the choir's conductor until 2003.
 Between 2004 and 2011 the choir was led by Håkan Olsson Reising; in 2011 Daniel Åberg was elected as the new conductor of the Lund Chamber Choir.
 For a long time, the choir was associated to the Cathedral School of Lund, but is independent today.
 It is used as a representation choir at the Lund Cathedral.
Lux Aurumque ("Light and Gold", sometimes "Light of Gold") is a choral composition in one movement by Eric Whitacre.
 It is a Christmas piece based on a Latin poem of the same name, which translates as "Light, warm and heavy as pure gold, and the angels sing softly to the new born baby".
 In 2000, Whitacre set a short Latin text for mixed choir a cappella.
 In 2005, he wrote an arrangement for wind ensemble.
 The choral version became known through Whitacre's project Virtual Choir in 2009.
 The piece is also available for men's choir.
 A performance takes about four minutes.
Guillaume de Van (2 July 1906 in Memphis – 2 July 1949 in Amalfi) real name William Carrolle Devan, was a French musicologist and choral conductor of American origin.
 A student at Princeton University, he then traveled to Rome to train in Gregorian chant.
 In the early 1930s, he became choir conductor, conducting the Armenian choir in Paris.
 In 1935, in collaboration with abott Ducaud-Bourget, he founded the vocal ensemble "Les Paraphonistes de Saint-Jean des Matines".
 With this ensemble he interpreted and recorded for the first time several secular and religious vocal works of the Middle Ages.
 Among these works, he recorded the world premiere of "Messe de Nostre Dame" by Guillaume de Machaut in 1936 of which he made one of the first complete transcriptions published by the Corpus mensurabilis musicae in 1950.
 In 1942 he was appointed by the Vichy regime curator of the newly created , until 1944.
 In this capacity he collaborated with the Nazi musicologists of the "".
 After the Liberation of France, he was suspended from his duties on 24 August 1944.
Tarik O'Regan: Threshold of Night is the third release by the choral group Conspirare and the second recording of the work of Tarik O'Regan.
 The chorus is accompanied by the Company of Strings and led by musical director Craig Hella Johnson.
 The album was recorded in October 2007 at the Troy Music Hall, Troy, New York, the second Conspirare release to be recorded at this venue and was released by Harmonia Mundi Records in 2008.
 The tracks are based on the works of Edgar Allan Poe, Pablo Neruda, Kathleen Raine and Emily Dickinson.
 The album debuted at number ten on the "Billboard" Top Classical Album chart and was nominated for two Grammy Awards.
Filippo Maria Bressan (Este, 28 November 1957) is an Italian conductor.
 He was chorus master of the Coro e Orchestra dell’Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, then of his own ensemble, the Athestis Chorus, and conductor of the baroque orchestra Academia de li Musici.
 Although the Athestis Chorus is primarily associated with baroque works the choir has also sung modern works by composers such as Karl Amadeus Hartmann, Gian Francesco Malipiero, and Viktor Ullmann.
 and as chorus master of the Athestis Chorus Bressan collaborated under conductor Roberto Abbado in Juan Diego Florez' recording of bel canto "Arias for Rubini" (2007).
 In 2000 the choir and Bressan performed on conductor Jeffrey Tate's recording of Joseph Haydn's "Die Schöpfung" winning the Abbiati Award for 2000.
Hannu-Markus Tapio Norjanen (Mynämäki, 25 February 1964) is a conductor and has worked as the conductor of the Helsinki Cathedral Boy's Choir Cantores Minores since 2005.
 He is also a part of the Cantores Minores head council.
 In the years 1990-1997 Norjanen worked as the conductor of the male choir Amici Cantus, and during 2006-2011 as the conductor of Helsinki Philharmonic Choir.
 In the years 1998-2001 he was the main conductor of the city orchestra of Lappeenranta.
 Norjanen graduated from the Sibelius Academy as an organist (1990), choir director (1992), and as a conductor in 1997.
 Norjanen has also been taught by Eric Ericson and studied conducting in Sweden.
 He was appointed the conductor of the Tapiola Chamber Choir.
Eric Edward Whitacre (born January2, 1970) is a Grammy-winning American composer, conductor, and speaker, known for his choral, orchestral and wind ensemble music.
 He is also known for his "Virtual Choir" projects, bringing individual voices from around the globe together into an online choir.
 In March2016, he was appointed as Los Angeles Master Chorale's first artist-in-residence at the Walt Disney Concert Hall.
Genesis Suite is a 1945 work for narrator, orchestra, and chorus.
 A musical interpretation of the first eleven chapters of the "Book of Genesis", the suite was a collaborative work by seven composers, some of whom wrote film music in Hollywood.
 The project was conceived by Nathaniel Shilkret, a noted conductor and composer of music for recording, radio and film.
 Shilkret wrote one of the seven pieces and invited the remaining composers to submit contributions as work-for-hire.
 Two giants of western twentieth-century music, Arnold Schoenberg and Igor Stravinsky wrote, respectively, the first and last parts.
 The Biblical text used in the spoken word narrative is the American King James Version.
 It was intended to be a crossover from art music to popular music.
The Sofia Boys' Choir is the first boys choir in Bulgaria, founded in 1968.
 The performers, aged 8–15, are selected from schools in Sofia.
 The founder and first conductor of the choir was Lilyana Todorova; she served from 1968 to 1989.
 Prof. Dr. Adriana Blagoeva has been conductor of the choir since 1989.
 She graduated from the National Musical Academy in Sofia as choir conductor.
 Nowadays, besides her active conducting work, she is professor in choral conducting at the National Musical Academy.
 In 1997 she founded the Youth Formation with the Sofia Boys Choir, consisting of former members of the boys choir.
 Today the choir is presented in three formations – boys, youth and mixed.
 Zornitsa Getova has been choirmaster and pianist of the choir since 1999.
Conspirare is a choral ensemble based in Austin, Texas.
 They were formed in 1991 by conductor and musical director Craig Hella Johnson as New Texas Festival but did not begin to regularly perform until 1999.
 They have released over 25 albums and one DVD and have been nominated for eight Grammy Awards.
 Their sixth Grammy-nominated album, "The Sacred Spirit of Russia" (Harmonia Mundi HMU 807526), was the winner of the 2015 Grammy Award for Best Choral Performance.
 Conspirare has commissioned works from composers including David Lang, Tarik O'Regan, Jocelyn Hagen, Donald Grantham, Eric Whitacre, Nico Muhly, Mark Adamo, Robert Kyr, Jake Heggie, Eric Banks, and Jake Runestad.
