Home Magazine was a magazine published in the United States by Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S..
Family Life was an American parenting magazine founded by "Rolling Stone" founder Jan Wenner of Wenner Media in 1993 for "baby boomers who once raised hell and are now raising kids".
 The first editor-in-chief was Nancy Evans.
 Wenner's own family situation led to him selling the magazine to Hachette Filipacchi in March 1995.
 At Hachette it was added to the stable on the same floor as "Elle Decor" and "Metropolitan Home".
 In the first six months following sale to Hachette, and under new editor Peter Herbst, "Family Life" saw a boost of 71.7 percent in circulation.
 The magazine was acquired by Time Warner in 1999, but in 2001 closed down, alongside "Asia Week" and short-lived tech title "On" magazine.
Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S., Inc. (HFM U.S.), originally known as CBS Publications, was a subsidiary of Hachette Filipacchi Médias (one of the world's largest magazine publishers), and was based in New York City.
Lagardère ] is a multinational media conglomerate headquartered in the 16th arrondissement of Paris.
 The group was created in 1992 as Matra, Hachette & Lagardère and once covered a broad range of industries.
 It is now largely focused on the media sector, in which it is one of the world’s leading companies.
 Headed by Arnaud Lagardère, the firm does business in almost 40 countries and is structured around four main business lines: its book and electronic publishing division (Lagardère Publishing) includes the major imprint Hachette Livre.
 The Lagardère Travel Retail unit includes store retail, largely in airports and railway stations while the Lagardère Active unit encompasses newspaper, digital media and magazine publishing (including Hachette Filipacchi Médias), radio and television broadcasting and production and advertising sales.
 Lagardère Sports and Entertainment engages in sports and talent management, sports academies, event management, marketing of sports broadcast rights and management of sports venues.
Télé 7 Jours is a French weekly magazine published by Hachette Filipacchi Médias in France.
 It publishes news and materials relating to French radio and television programming.
Elle Decor is a magazine published by Hearst Magazines, who bought Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. in 2011, that focuses on home decor.
 The magazine was launched in 1989.
Premiere was an American and New York City-based film magazine published by Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S., between 1987 and 2010.
 The original version of the magazine, "Première", was established in France in 1976 and is still being published there.
Car and Driver (CD or C/D) is an American automotive enthusiast magazine.
 Its total circulation is 1.23 million.
 It is owned by Hearst Magazines, who purchased prior owner Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. in 2011.
 Originally headquartered in New York City, the magazine has been based in Ann Arbor, Michigan for many years
Metropolitan Home was a magazine published by Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. The magazine focused on "high-end modern design and interiors, blended with intelligent reporting, to connect with a progressive reader mindset."
George was a glossy monthly magazine centered on the theme of politics-as-lifestyle founded by John F. Kennedy, Jr. and Michael J. Berman with publisher Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. in New York City in September 1995.
 Its tagline was "Not Just Politics as Usual".
 It was published from 1995 to 2001.
