József Ács (born 1948) is a German composer, and classical pianist and composer of Hungarian origin.
 A graduate of the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in Budapest and the Robert Schumann Hochschule in Düsseldorf, he won the first prize for piano at the "German Music Competition" in the Beethovenhalle in Bonn.
 He is particularly renowned for his recitals of Franz Liszt, and has done work in conjunction with the Vatican Archives.
 More recently he has been performing the works of Italian composer Ruggero Leoncavallo.
 He composed a completion of Leoncavallo's Requiem which was a fragment.
 Ács also wrote a small mass for choir and organ called, "Weihnachtslieder-Messe."
 Appropriate for the Christmas season, this joyful mass incorporates two Christmas tunes, In dulci jubilo, and Es kommt ein Schiff geladen.
Lina Ramann (July 24, 1833 – March 30, 1912) was a German writer and teacher known for her books on the Hungarian composer and pianist Franz Liszt.
 During 1874-94, she wrote his "official" though inaccurate three volume biography ""Franz Liszt, the artist and man"" (Franz Liszt als Künstler und Mensch) which was published between 1880-94.
A Car-Tune Portrait is a cartoon in the Color Classics series produced by Fleischer Studios.
 Released on June 26, 1937, the cartoon gives an imaginative take on Franz Liszt's "Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2".
Baron Hans Guido von Bülow (January 8, 1830February 12, 1894) was a German conductor, virtuoso pianist, and composer of the Romantic era.
 One of the most famous conductors of the 19th century, his activity was critical for establishing the successes of several major composers of the time, especially Richard Wagner and Johannes Brahms.
 Alongside Carl Tausig, Bülow was perhaps the most prominent of the early students of Hungarian virtuoso pianist, conductor and composer Franz Liszt – therein performed the first public performance of Liszt's Sonata in B minor in 1857.
 He became acquainted with, fell in love and eventually married Liszt's daughter Cosima, who later left him for Wagner.
 Noted for his interpretation of the works of Ludwig van Beethoven, he was one of the earliest European musicians to tour the United States.
Eduard Reuss (16 September 1851 - 18 February 1911) was a German composer, pianist, music educator, and writer on music.
 He is best known for his writings on composer Franz Liszt, including a highly thought of biography "Ein Lebensbild" (1898).
 He also authored the book "Liszts Lieder" (1906) and penned several essays on the life and works of Liszt.
 As a composer, he mainly produced works for solo piano and also made arrangements of several works by Liszt.
Héroïde funèbre , S. 102, is a symphonic poem written by Franz Liszt in 1850 and published in 1857 as No. 8.
 The work originated as the first movement of a planned "Revolutionary Symphony" inspired by the July Revolution.
 Liszt pays homage in this programmatic symphonic poem to the soldiers and men that died fighting in revolutionary efforts.
 The composition of this piece was started in 1830 as a brief sketch for a full symphony, but was dropped by Liszt in the continuing of other works.
 However, in 1848, there was an uprising in Liszt's home country of Hungary.
 One of Liszt's friends was killed during this revolution, which caused Liszt to revisit his now 20 year old sketch of the Revolutionary Symphony, shortening it and forming the first movement into the commemorative Héroïde funèbre.
 Liszt said of the program, "In these successive wars and carnages, sinister sports, whatever be the colours of the flags which rise proudly and boldly against each other, on both sides they float soaked with heroic blood and inexhaustible tears.
 It is for Art to throw her ennobling veil over the tomb of the brave, to encircle with her golden halo the dead and dying, that they may be the envy of the living."
Liszt is a crater on Mercury.
 It has a diameter of 85 kilometers.
 Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985.
 Liszt is named for the Hungarian composer Franz Liszt, who lived from 1811 to 1886.
Cosima Wagner (born Francesca Gaetana Cosima Liszt; 24 December 1837 – 1 April 1930) was the illegitimate daughter of the Hungarian pianist and composer Franz Liszt and Marie d'Agoult.
 She became the second wife of the German composer Richard Wagner, and with him founded the Bayreuth Festival as a showcase for his stage works; after his death she devoted the rest of her life to the promotion of his music and philosophy.
 Commentators have recognised Cosima as the principal inspiration for Wagner's later works, particularly "Parsifal".
O lieb, so lang du lieben kannst is a poem written by Ferdinand Freiligrath, a 19th-century German writer.
 In 1847, Hungarian composer Franz Liszt set the poem to music (soprano voice and piano), and eventually adapted it into his famous Liebesträume No. 3.
 The work is one of Liszt's most famous and poignant.
 "Liebesträume" in German means "Dreams of Love".
Budapest Ferenc Liszt International Airport (Hungarian: "Budapest Liszt Ferenc Nemzetközi Repülőtér" ) (IATA: BUD, ICAO: LHBP) , formerly known as "Budapest Ferihegy International Airport" and still commonly called just Ferihegy, is the international airport serving the Hungarian capital city of Budapest, and by far the largest of the country's four commercial airports.
 The airport is located 16 km southeast of the center of Budapest (bordering Pest county) and was renamed in 2011 in honor of the most famous Hungarian composer Franz Liszt (Hungarian Liszt Ferenc) on the occasion of the 200th anniversary of his birth.
 The airport won the Skytrax Best Eastern European airport prize three times in a row (2014-2016).
