Greg Berlanti (born May 24, 1972) is an American film and television writer and producer.
 He is known for his work on the television series "Dawson's Creek", "Everwood", "Political Animals"; and for his contributions to DC Comics on film and television, including The CW's "Arrowverse".
 In 2017 Berlanti set the record in having 10 different scripted television series planned to air in the 2017–18 television season on various networks and digital platforms.
Greg Douglas is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama "Holby City", played by actor Edward MacLiam.
 He first appeared in the series ten episode "Together Alone", broadcast on 17 February 2010.
 Greg was introduced as a new Cardiothoracic surgical registrar working at the hospital's Darwin ward.
 Producers created an affiliation with long-standing character Connie Beauchamp (Amanda Mealing) and played a short romance.
 Greg is characterised as an ambitious, abrasive, rebellious medical professional.
 He has "Irish charm" and will often use it to his advantage.
 Greg's fictional backstory detailed him growing up in Dublin, Ireland.
 MacLiam has said producers wanted a "North Side Dubliner" with a more aggressive persona than other characters to feature in the series.
 One of the character's initial stories featured him mentoring F2 junior doctor Oliver Valentine (James Anderson).
 The show developed a "bromance" between the two and they were depicted either arguing or joking their way through scenes.
DC's Legends of Tomorrow, or simply Legends of Tomorrow, is an American superhero action-adventure television series developed by Greg Berlanti, Marc Guggenheim, Andrew Kreisberg, and Phil Klemmer, who are also executive producers along with Sarah Schechter and Chris Fedak; Klemmer and Fedak serve as showrunners.
 The series, based on the characters of DC Comics, airs on The CW and is a spin-off from "Arrow" and "The Flash", existing in the same fictional universe.
 The series premiered on January 21, 2016.
 In January 2017, The CW renewed the series for a third season, which is scheduled to debut on October 10, 2017.
Arrow is an American television series developed by Greg Berlanti, Marc Guggenheim, and Andrew Kreisberg, based on the DC Comics character Green Arrow.
 Many of the other characters appearing in the series are also based on DC Comics characters.
 The series premiered on October 10, 2012 in the United States on The CW television network, and is currently in its fifth season.
 On January 8, 2017, The CW announced that "Arrow" would be renewed for a sixth season.
"The Flash" is an American action television series developed by Greg Berlanti, Andrew Kreisberg, and Geoff Johns, airing on The CW.
 It is based on the DC Comics character Barry Allen / Flash, a costumed crimefighter with the power to move at superhuman speeds.
 It is a spin-off from "Arrow", existing in the same fictional universe.
 The series follows Barry Allen, portrayed by Grant Gustin, a crime scene investigator who gains superhuman speed, which he uses to fight criminals, including others who have also gained superhuman abilities.
 "The Flash" was renewed in March 2016 for a third season, which premiered on October 4, 2016.
 On January 8, 2017, The CW renewed the series for a fourth season, which is scheduled to debut on October 10, 2017.
 s of 23, 2017, episodes of "The Flash " have aired, concluding the first half of the  season.
Freedom Fighters: The Ray is an upcoming American animated web series developed by Greg Berlanti and Marc Guggenheim.
 It will debut in 2017 on The CW's online streaming platform, CW Seed and is based on DC Comics character Ray Terrill / The Ray, a reporter who gains light-based powers after being exposed to a genetic light bomb.
 The series is set in the Arrowverse, the same fictional universe as "Arrow", "The Flash", and "Legends of Tomorrow", while also taking place on the alternate earth, Earth-X.
"Pilot" is the first episode of The CW series "The Flash".
 The episode was written by Andrew Kreisberg and Geoff Johns, based on a story by Greg Berlanti, Kreisberg, and Johns, and directed by David Nutter.
 It was first broadcast on October 7, 2014, on The CW.
 The show is a spin-off from "Arrow" where many of the characters in "The Flash" were introduced during its second season.
 The episode revolves around Barry Allen (Grant Gustin), a forensic scientist working for the Central City Police Department.
 On the night of the launch of a particle accelerator, a malfunction causes it to explode during a storm.
 At the same time, Barry is struck by lightning.
 He wakes from a coma after nine months, and discovers that he has developed a new power: super speed.
 He is helped by S.T.A.R. Labs' personnel, led by Dr. Harrison Wells (Tom Cavanagh), who are trying to control his speed so that he can use it for greater good.
"Fastest Man Alive" is the second episode of The CW series "The Flash".
 The episode was written by Andrew Kreisberg and Geoff Johns from a story by Greg Berlanti and Kreisberg and directed by David Nutter.
 It was first broadcast on October 14, 2014 in The CW.
 The show is itself an spin-off of the show "Arrow", where many characters in the series were introduced during the second season.
 The episode revolves about Barry Allen (Grant Gustin), a CSI forensic scientist working for the Central City Police Department.
 During a visit to an event, the event is robbed by masked men.
 This is later revealed as the result of an accident during the accelerator explosion and the men are in fact a man who can duplicate himself.
 The episode also shows flashbacks when Barry tries to see his dad in jail, to Joe's disapproval.
"The Flash" is an American television series developed by writer-producers Greg Berlanti, Andrew Kreisberg and Geoff Johns, based on the DC Comics character the Flash.
 The series premiered in the United States on October 7, 2014, on The CW television network.
 It is a spin-off from "Arrow", a show in the same universe.
 The first season follows police forensic investigator Barry Allen (Grant Gustin), who develops super-speed after he is struck by lightning.
 In his attempt to learn about his powers and how to use them for good, he is assisted by S.T.A.R. Labs' Dr. Caitlin Snow (Danielle Panabaker), Cisco Ramon (Carlos Valdes) and Dr. Harrison Wells (Tom Cavanagh).
 Barry also tries to solve the murder of his mother (Michelle Harrison) by a superhuman attacker (Matt Letscher) when he was eleven.
 The murder investigation unjustly imprisoned his father (John Wesley Shipp), leaving detective Joe West (Jesse L. Martin), father of his best friend, Iris (Candice Patton), to take in the young Barry.
 The memory of his mother's murder and his father's framing and later killing motivates Barry to put his personal needs aside and use his powers to fight those who would hurt the innocent, shaping him into the Flash.
Riverdale is an American teen drama television series based on the characters by Archie Comics.
 The series premiered on January 26, 2017, on The CW.
 It was adapted for television by Archie Comics' chief creative officer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and executive produced by Greg Berlanti.
 On March 7, 2017, The CW renewed the series for a second season, which is scheduled to debut on October 11, 2017.
 In September 2017, a spin-off series, titled "The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina", was revealed to be in development.
