Vicente Tomás Medina (] ; 27 October 1886 – 17 August 1937) was a Spanish poet, dramatist and editor, and a symbol of local identity for the Murcia region of southeastern Spain.
 His best-known work, "Aires murcianos" ("Murcian airs"), was taken up as a reference point for local cultural and social criticism, and was widely praised by contemporaries.
 In his time Medina was considered in Spain to be one of the country's most important writers, referred to as "the great contemporary Spanish poet" and "the Spanish poet of poets".
 His fame has since declined, and he is now little read; but he remains an important figure as the greatest poet to have written in the Murcian dialect.
David Fernández Rivera (born January 29, 1986 in Vigo, Galicia) is a Spanish poet, playwright, musician and theatre director.
 He has published the poetry books Caminando entre brumas (Walking among Mists, 2004), "Canciones de mi ausencia" (Songs of my Absence, 2005), "Corceles" (Steeds, 2006), "Entre la sombra y el grito" (Between Shadow and Shout, 2008), "Alambradas" (Wire Fences, 2010), "Sahara" (2011), besides the play "Hipnosis/La Colonia" (Hypnosis/The Colony, 2012).
Enrique García-Máiquez (Murcia, 1969 -but always living in El Puerto de Santa María) is a Spanish poet: so far he has published four poetry books.
 He also writes essays, articles on literary criticism and newspaper columns.
 He is married and has one daughter.
José García Nieto (Oviedo, 6 July 1914 – Madrid, 27 February 2001), was a Spanish poet and writer.
 In 1996, he was awarded the Miguel de Cervantes Prize.
 Along with Gabriel Celaya, Blas de Otero and José Hierro, he was a member of the post-war generation of Spanish poets.
The Teatro Zorrilla or Zorrilla Theatre, also known as the Duláang Zorrilla sa Maynila ("Zorrilla Theater in Manila") in Tagalog, was a prominent theatre in the Philippines.
 Once located along Calle Iris (now a part of C.M. Recto Avenue), Manila, the theatre was named after José Zorrilla (1817 - 1893), a Spanish poet and playwright.
 The building, which had a seating capacity of 900 people, was officially opened on 17 August 1893, and it was the venue for Spanish-language and Tagalog-language stage performances.
Guillermo Fernández-Shaw Iturralde (26 February 1893 - 17 August 1965) was a Spanish poet and journalist.
 He is particularly known as a writer of libretti, primarily for zarzuelas. With Federico Romero, he wrote the libretti for two of the best-known zarzuelas of the 20th century, "Doña Francisquita" by Amadeo Vives and "Luisa Fernanda" by Federico Moreno Torroba.
 His father, Carlos Fernández Shaw, was also a playwright, poet and journalist who wrote libretti for several zarzuelas and operas, most famously "Margarita la tornera" and "La vida breve".
 Guillermo Fernández-Shaw was born in Cádiz and initially trained as a lawyer before becoming a journalist.
 He was the editor of the Spanish newspaper "La Epoca" from 1911 to 1936, and a contributor to "ABC" as well as writing poetry for "Blanco y Negro".
 His partnership with Federico Romero began in 1916 with their libretto for Serrano's "La canción del olvido".
 Guillermo Fernández-Shaw died in Madrid on 17 August 1965 at the age of 72.
Luis Cernuda (born Luis Cernuda Bidón September 21, 1902 – November 5, 1963) was a Spanish poet, a member of the Generation of '27.
 During the Spanish Civil War, in early 1938, he went to the UK to deliver some lectures and this became the start of an exile that lasted till the end of his life.
 He taught in the universities of Glasgow and Cambridge before moving in 1947 to the US.
 In the 1950s he moved to Mexico.
 While he continued to write poetry, he also published wide-ranging books of critical essays, covering French, English and German as well as Spanish literature.
 He was frank about his homosexuality at a time when this was problematic and became something of a role model for this in Spain.
 His collected poems were published under the title "La realidad y el deseo".
Carlos Fernández Shaw (23 September 1865 – 7 June 1911) was a Spanish poet, playwright, and journalist.
 He wrote the libretti for the operas "Las bravías", "La revoltosa", and "Margarita la tornera" by Ruperto Chapí and "La vida breve" by Manuel de Falla.
 He wrote articles for "La epoca", "La illustración" and "El correo".
José Rubia Barcia (1914–1997) was born in Ferrol (Galicia), where a cultural center dedicated to him now houses his library and a collection of his papers.
 He studied Arabic and Hispano-Arabic literature at the University of Granada.
 After completing his degree he held important positions in the Spanish Republican Army during the Spanish Civil War and as a consequence he went into exile, first to France and then to Cuba and then to the United States.
 Here he worked in Hollywood with the Spanish film director Luis Buñuel.
 Barcia published a great number of books and articles on Valle Inclán, Unamuno, Federico García Lorca and other writers of the 20th century.
 He was also an author of political essays.
María Teresa León (31 October 1903 – 13 December 1988) was a Spanish writer, activist and cultural ambassador.
 Born in Logroño, she was the niece of the Spanish feminist and writer María Goyri (the wife of Ramón Menéndez Pidal).
 She herself was married to the Spanish poet Rafael Alberti.
 She contributed numerous articles to the periodical "Diario de Burgos" and published the children's books "Cuentos para soñar" and "La bella del mal amor".
