The Princeton Alumni Weekly (PAW) is a magazine published for the alumni of Princeton University.
 It was founded in 1900 and, until 1977, it was the only weekly college alumni magazine in the United States.
 Upon changing to biweekly publication in 1977, the number of issues per year decreased from twenty-eight to twenty-one, and then later decreased to seventeen.
 It still remains the most frequently published alumni magazine in the world, currently publishing 14 times per year.
Justin T. Miller is an attorney and professor in San Francisco, California, and a national thought leader at BNY Mellon.
 He is notable as a published author and nationally recognized speaker in the United States in the fields of taxation, estate planning and family governance.
 He has published numerous articles in publications such as the "American Journal of Family Law", the "California Tax Lawyer", the "California Trusts and Estates Quarterly", the "Real Property, Trust and Estate Law Journal", "State Tax Notes", "Tax Notes" and "Trusts & Estates".
 In addition to presenting to dozens of estate planning councils and planned giving councils throughout the country, he has been a sought-after speaker for major conferences, including events hosted by the American Academy of Matrimonial Attorneys (AAML), the American Bar Association (ABA), The American College of Trust and Estate Counsel (ACTEC), the California Society of Certified Public Accountants (CalCPA), Golden Gate University School of Law, the National Association of Charitable Gift Planners (NACGP), the National Association of Personal Financial Advisors (NAPFA), Santa Clara University School of Law, Silicon Valley Community Foundation, the Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners (STEP), Stanford University, the State Bar of California, the State Bar of Georgia, the State Bar of Nevada, the State Bar of Texas, UCLA, the University of Notre Dame, Vistage International, the Washington State Bar Association, and the Young Presidents' Organization (YPO).
 Miller also has been frequently featured as an industry expert in the media, including the "ABA Journal", "Bloomberg News", the "Chicago Lawyer", "Crain's Wealth", the "Daily Journal", "Financial Planning Magazine", the "Houston Chronicle", "Investment News", "Market Watch", "NASDAQ", the "New York Law Journal", "On Wall Street", "The Recorder", the "San Antonio Express-News", and "The Wall Street Journal".
Reginald Gibbons (born 1947) is an American poet, fiction writer, translator, literary critic, and Professor of English and Classics at Northwestern University and Director of the Center for the Writing Arts there.
 Gibbons has published numerous books, as well as poems, short stories, essays and reviews in journals and magazines, has held Guggenheim Foundation and NEA fellowships in poetry and a research fellowship from the Center for Hellenic Studies in Washington D.C.
 He has won the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award, the Carl Sandburg Prize, the Folger Shakespeare Library's O. B. Hardison, Jr.
 Poetry Prize, and other honors, among them the inclusion of his work in "Best American Poetry" and "Pushcart Prize" anthologies.
 His book "Creatures of a Day" was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Award for poetry.
 He attended public school in Spring Branch (at that time, outside Houston, Texas; now incorporated into the city), Princeton University (BA Spanish and Portuguese), and Stanford University (MA in English and Creative Writing; PhD in Comparative Literature).
 Before moving to Northwestern University, he taught creative writing at Princeton and Columbia.
 At Northwestern, he was the editor of "TriQuarterly" magazine from 1981 to 1997, and co-founded TriQuarterly Books (after 1997, an imprint of Northwestern University Press).
 As the editor of "TriQuarterly", he edited or co-edited the special issues "Chicago" (1984), "From South Africa: New Writing, Photography and Art" (1987), "A Window on Poland" (1983), "Prose from Spain" (1983), "New Writing from Mexico" (1992), and others, as well as many general issues of the magazine.
 He edited two works of William Goyen (1915-1983): the 50th Anniversary edition of "The House of Breath" and the Goyen's posthumously published second novel, "Half a Look of Cain" (both published by Northwestern University Press).
 In 1989, he was one of a group of co-founders of the Guild Literary Complex (Chicago), a literary presenting organization, where he continues to volunteer, and he is a member of the large team that is creating the American Writers Museum (Chicago; opening in 2017).
Achy Obejas (born June 28, 1956) is a Cuban-American writer and translator focused on personal and national identity issues, living in Oakland, California.
 She frequently writes on her sexuality and nationality, and has received numerous awards for her creative work.
 Obejas' stories and poems have appeared in "Prairie Schooner", "Fifth Wednesday Journal", "TriQuarterly", "Another Chicago Magazine" and many other publications.
 Some of her work was originally published in "Esto no tiene nombre", a Latina lesbian magazine published and edited by tatiana de la tierra, which gave voice to the Latina lesbian community.
 Obejas worked as a journalist in Chicago for more than two decades, and is currently the Distinguished Visiting Writer at Mills College in Oakland, California, where she teaches creative writing.
Mark Peterson (born 1955 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American photographer based in New York City.
 Much of his work consists of political figures and people of wealth and notoriety.
 He frequently uses rich color and detail.
 His work has been published in the "New York Times Magazine", "New York Magazine", "Fortune Magazine", "Time" magazine, "ESPN The Magazine", and "Geo Magazine".
 He has photographed major political moments in history, such as the fall of the Berlin Wall, the Clinton, Dole, and George W. Bush campaigns.
 Recently, he has worked with such publications as GQ and MSNBC to cover events via instagram, including the 2012 Democratic Convention.
 He has photographed in the Arctic Circle and the world's smallest nation, Tuvalu.
Rebecca Makkai (born April 20, 1978) is an American novelist and short-story writer.
 Her first novel, "The Borrower", was released in June 2011.
 It was a "Booklist" Top Ten Debut, an Indie Next pick, an "O Magazine" selection, and one of "Chicago Magazine's" choices for best fiction of 2011.
 It was translated into seven languages.
 Her short stories have been anthologized in "The Best American Short Stories" 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 and as well as in ″The Best American Nonrequired Reading″" 2009 and 2016; she received a 2017 Pushcart Prize and a 2014 NEA fellowship.
 Her fiction has also appeared in "Ploughshares", "Tin House", "The Threepenny Review", "New England Review", and "Shenandoah".
 Her nonfiction has appeared in "Harpers" and on Salon.com and the "New Yorker" website.
 Makkai's stories have also been featured on Public Radio International's "Selected Shorts" and "This American Life."
 Her second novel, "The Hundred-Year House", is set in the Northern suburbs of Chicago, and was published by Viking/Penguin in July 2014, having received starred reviews in "Booklist", "Publishers Weekly" and "Library Journal".
 It won the 2015 Novel of the Year award from the Chicago Writers Association and was named a best book of 2014 by BookPage.
 Her short story collection, "Music for Wartime", was published by Viking in June 2015.
 A starred and featured review in "Publishers Weekly" said, "Though these stories alternate in time between WWII and the present day, they all are set, as described in the story “Exposition,” within “the borders of the human heart”—a terrain that their author maps uncommonly well.”
 "The Kansas City Star" wrote that "if any short story writer can be considered a rock star of the genre, it's Rebecca Makkai."
Brad Temkin (born 1956 in Chicago, IL) is an American photographer.
 He is known for his photographs documenting the human impact on the landscape.
 In 2009, he began a project entitled, Rooftop, addressing what contemporary urban pioneers are doing to mitigate the consequences of non-renewable energy consumption and drawing attention to living architecture.
 Temkin’s works are included in numerous permanent collections, including those of the Art Institute of Chicago; Museum of Contemporary Photography; Milwaukee Art Museum; Corcoran Gallery of Art; Museum of Fine Arts, Houston; and Akron Art Museum, among others.
 His images have appeared in such publications as Aperture, Black & White Magazine, "Time" magazine and European Photography.
 His first book was published in 2005 entitled “Private Places: Photographs of Chicago Gardens” (Center for American Places, 2005).
 He teaches photography at Columbia College in Chicago.
Stop Smiling was an arts and culture magazine founded by J.C. Gabel in the Chicago suburb of Darien, Illinois.
 He started the magazine at age 19 in 1995.
 The magazine was published on a bimonthly basis.
 The headquarters was in both Chicago and New York.
 Each issue followed a theme and consisted of feature-length interviews, essays and oral histories.
 With a focus on preservation, "Stop Smiling" published some of the last in-depth conversations with Kurt Vonnegut, Robert Altman, Lee Hazlewood and George Plimpton.
 The company ended the magazine in 2009 and became an independently owned imprint of Melville House Publishing.
Zambak magazine was an ethnic political magazine published in Chicago between the years 1994 and 2008.
 It was founded during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina as large groups of Bosnian refugees settled in the United States.
 "Zambak" started as a newsletter published by the Information Center of Bosnia Herzegovina in Chicago, and one year later it became an independent magazine publishing monthly issues until 2008.
Metrosource is a bi-monthly gay and lesbian lifestyle magazine and business directory, published by Metrosource Publishing, a division of the Davler Media Group (DMG), in New York City.
 Metrosource Magazine has three editions: "Metrosource NY" ("Metrosource New York"), "Metrosource LA" ("Metrosource Los Angeles") and "Metrosource National".
