Penumbra is the name of an episodic survival horror video game series developed by Frictional Games and published by Paradox Interactive and Lexicon Entertainment.
 The games use the HPL Engine 1, initially developed as a tech demo.
 "Penumbra" is notable for its horror styling and for allowing advanced physical interaction with the game environment.
Dead Space is a science fiction survival horror video game developed by EA Redwood Shores (now Visceral Games) for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
 The game was released on all platforms through October 2008.
 The game puts the player in control of an engineer named Isaac Clarke, who battles the Necromorphs, monstrous reanimated human corpses, aboard an interstellar mining ship, the USG "Ishimura".
Frictional Games AB is an independent Swedish video game developer based in Helsingborg, Sweden, founded on 1 January 2007 by Thomas Grip and Jens Nilsson.
 The company specializes in the development of survival horror video games, and is best known for its titles "" and "Soma".
Amnesia: The Dark Descent is a survival horror video game by Frictional Games, released for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Linux and PlayStation 4 platforms.
 The game features a protagonist named Daniel exploring a dark and foreboding castle, while trying to maintain his sanity by avoiding monsters and other terrifying obstructions.
 The game was critically well received, earning two awards from the Independent Games Festival and numerous positive reviews.
Syndrome is a science fiction survival horror video game developed by Camel 101 and Bigmoon Entertainment for PC, PS4, Xbox One, Mac and Linux.
 The game takes place inside the "Valkenburg", a drifting spaceship where something has gone wrong, killing most of its crew.
Dead Space 3 is a science fiction survival horror video game developed by Visceral Games and published by Electronic Arts.
 Announced at E3 2012 and released internationally in February 2013, it is the sequel to "Dead Space 2" and the third main entry in the "Dead Space" series.
Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a survival horror video game developed by The Chinese Room and published by Frictional Games.
 The game is an indirect sequel to "", developed and produced by Frictional Games.
 While set in the same universe as the previous game, it features an entirely new cast of characters and time setting.
 The game became available to pre-order on 16 August 2013, and was released on 10 September 2013.
 "A Machine for Pigs" was also released on 22 November 2016 for the PlayStation 4 as part of the "Amnesia Collection", including "Amnesia: The Dark Descent" and its "Amnesia: Justine" expansion.
Soma (stylized as SOMA) is a science fiction survival horror video game developed and published by Frictional Games for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux and PlayStation 4.
 The game was released on 22 September 2015.
Dead Space 2 is a science fiction survival horror video game developed by Visceral Games and published by Electronic Arts for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, released in January 2011.
 Set three years after the events of the first "Dead Space", the game follows protagonist Isaac Clarke's fight against a new Necromorph outbreak on the Sprawl, a space station surrounding a shard of Saturn's largest moon, Titan.
 Unlike its predecessor, "Dead Space 2" has a multiplayer mode, pitting human characters against Necromorphs across the Sprawl.
 A "Collector's Edition" is available for all three platforms; the PlayStation 3 "Limited Edition" includes "" as a PlayStation Move compatible title.
 A sequel, "Dead Space 3", was released in February 2013.
Resident Evil, known as Biohazard (バイオハザード , Baiohazādo ) in Japan, is a survival horror video game-based media franchise created by Shinji Mikami and Tokuro Fujiwara and owned by the video game company Capcom.
 The franchise focuses around a series of survival horror video games, but has since branched out into comic books, novels, novelizations, sound dramas, live-action films, animated sequels to the games, and a variety of associated merchandise, such as action figures.
 The series' overarching plot focuses on multiple characters, and their roles in recurring outbreaks of zombies and other monsters, initially due to the release of the T-virus, but still more biological weapons over time, created mainly by the fictional Umbrella Corporation and various other organizations in later games.
