The Squid and the Whale is a 2005 American independent arthouse comedy-drama film written and directed by Noah Baumbach and produced by Wes Anderson.
 It tells the semi-autobiographical story of two boys in Brooklyn dealing with their parents' divorce in 1986.
 The film is named after diorama housed at the American Museum of Natural History, which is seen in the film.
 The film was shot on Super 16mm, mostly using a handheld camera.
 At the 2005 Sundance Film Festival, the film won awards for best dramatic direction and screenwriting, and was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize.
 Baumbach later received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Screenplay.
 The film received six Independent Spirit Award nominations and three Golden Globe nominations.
 The New York Film Critics Circle, Los Angeles Film Critics Association and the National Board of Review voted its screenplay the year's best.
Shim Ji-ho (born May 2, 1981) is a South Korean actor.
 He began his entertainment career as a model, then turned to acting.
 He has starred in television dramas such as "School 2" (1999), "My Lovely Family" (2004), "Our Stance on How to Treat a Break-up" (2005) and "Color of Women" (2011), as well as Park Chul-soo's erotic film "Green Chair" which premiered at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival.
Jennifer Phang is a filmmaker most known for her feature films "Advantageous" (2015), which premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival and won a Special Jury Award for Collaborative Vision there and was also based on her award-winning short film of the same name, and "Half-Life" (2008), which also premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and won "Best Film" awards at a number of film festivals including the Gen Art Film Festival, the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival (now known as CAAMFest) as well an "Emerging Director Award" at the Asian American International Film Festival.
Green Chair (녹색 의자 - "Noksaek uija") is a South Korean film directed by Park Chul-soo, that was released in 2005.
 It is about an affair between an attractive thirty-two-year-old woman and a youth just short of legal majority.
 Interlaced with explicit scenes of love making, the movie watches the two lovers trying to come to grips with their mutual attraction, sexuality and societal disapproval.
Giona Ostinelli (born March 12, 1986) is a Swiss–Italian composer who resides and works in Los Angeles.
 He has written scores for over 30 feature films that premiered at Sundance Film Festival, Tribeca Film Festival, Cannes International Film Festival, South by Southwest Film Festival, Fantastic Fest, FrightFest, Cincinnati Film Festival, Hamptons International Film Festival, Palm Springs International Film Festival, Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival, Chicago International Children's Film Festival, among others.
 Ostinelli's score for breakout psychological thriller "Darling" released by Lakeshore Records and fan favorite Mondo Records has been described as "one of the most interesting and innovative soundscapes...".
 His soundtrack for "POD" has been shortlisted for the Academy Awards for Best Original Score.
Jim Hosking is a British film director.
 His first short film, "Little Clumps Of Hair", premiered on BBC3.
 His short film "Renegades" premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2010.
 He directed the segment "G is for Grandad" for the film "ABCs of Death 2" in 2014.
 His first feature film "The Greasy Strangler" premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on 22 January 2016.
Loggerheads is an independent film written and directed by Tim Kirkman, produced by Gill Holland and released in the United States by Strand Releasing in October 2005.
 After its debut at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival, where it was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize, "Loggerheads" screened at festivals throughout the U.S. and abroad.
 The film won the Audience Award at both the Nashville Film Festival and the Florida Film Festival, and took the top prize at Outfest, the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Film Festival.
Peter Richardson is an American documentary film director.
 A native of Philomath, Oregon, Richardson is a 1998 graduate of Philomath High School and attended University of Notre Dame on a scholarship.
 After graduating from Notre Dame with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Film Production & Theory, Richardson moved to Los Angeles where he worked for a short time at a publicity company before moving back to Oregon to start work on his first film.
 Richardson has directed two award-winning feature documentaries.
 His first film, "" debuted at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival.
 The film was later aired on the Sundance Channel.
 Richardson's second film, "How to Die in Oregon", premiered on January 23 at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival.
 In addition to directing the film, Richardson also acted as cinematographer, editor, and producer on "How to Die in Oregon".
 The critically acclaimed film went on to win the Grand Jury Prize in the US Documentary competition.
 The film premiered on HBO on May 26, 2011.
 Richardson was the cinematographer on Irene Taylor Brodsky's documentary short film, "Saving Pelican 895", which aired on HBO on April 20, 2011.
The Sundance Film Festival, a program of the Sundance Institute, is a film festival that takes place annually in Park City, Utah.
 With over 46,660 attendees in 2016, it is the largest independent film festival in the United States.
 Held in January in Park City and Salt Lake City, Utah, as well as at the Sundance Resort, the festival is a showcase for new work from American and international independent filmmakers.
 The festival comprises competitive sections for American and international dramatic and documentary films, both feature films and short films, and a group of out-of-competition sections, including NEXT, New Frontier, Spotlight, Midnight, Premieres and Documentary Premieres.
 The 2017 Sundance Film Festival took place from January 19 to January 29, 2017.
The Liberace of Baghdad is a 2005 British documentary film by filmmaker Sean McAllister focusing on the life and music of Iraqi pianist Samir Peter and his family in wartime Baghdad.
 The film received a 2005 Sundance Film Festival Special Jury award as well as the 2005 British Independent Film Award for Best British Documentary.
 Samir Peter previously appeared in the 2004 documentary "Voices of Iraq".
