Unfaithfully Yours is a 1984 American romantic comedy film directed by Howard Zieff, starring Dudley Moore and Nastassja Kinski and featuring Armand Assante and Albert Brooks.
 The screenplay was written by Valerie Curtin, Barry Levinson, and Robert Klane based on Preston Sturges' screenplay for the 1948 film of the same name.
 The original music score is by Bill Conti and the song "Unfaithfully Yours (One Love)" was written for the film and performed by Stephen Bishop.
The Main Event is a 1979 American sports romantic comedy film starring Barbra Streisand and Ryan O'Neal, written by Gail Parent and directed by Howard Zieff.
Jonathan David Kaufer (March 14, 1955 – October 2, 2013) was an American film director, screenwriter, and occasional actor.
 Kaufer received his first job while in his late teens as a writer for the sitcom "Mork & Mindy".
 Filmmaker Howard Zieff later hired Kaufer to do rewrites for his films, and his work on the 1979 film "The Main Event" led to a development deal enabling him to direct his first film, the romantic comedy "Soup for One".
 At the time, he was the youngest director hired by a major studio.
Slither is a 1973 American comedy film starring James Caan.
 It was directed by Howard Zieff.
Viennese Actionism was a short and violent movement in 20th-century art.
 It can be regarded as part of the many independent efforts of the 1960s to develop "performance art" (Fluxus, happening, action painting, body art, etc.).
 Its main participants were Günter Brus, Otto Mühl, Hermann Nitsch, and Rudolf Schwarzkogler.
 As "actionists", they were active between 1960 and 1971.
 Most have continued their artistic work independently from the early 1970s onwards.
The Debel Gallery was opened in 1973 in Jerusalem, when the city was a pilgrimage center for curators, journalists and art enthusiasts.
 Etienne and Ruth Debel opened the Gallery in the basement of their home in Ein Kerem.
 It represented well-known artists, and discovered new ones.
 In addition, the Gallery exhibited avant-garde artists, which was unusual for a private gallery; for example, in 1974 the Austrian artist Rudolf Schwarzkogler, and in 1976 the Gallery staged a performance of "Nidah" by Yocheved Weinfeld.
 Among the artists exhibited were the Israeli artists Yair Garbuz, Raffi Lavie, Gabriel Cohen, Yocheved Weinfeld, Maya Cohen-Levy, Daniela Passal; internationally famous artists such as Alexander Calder, David Hockney and many others.
 At the same time, the Debel Gallery promoted a group of artists who were considered to be on the "fringe" of the avant-garde artists.
 They were identified with Bezalel such as Zeev Raban, Meir Gur-Arieh, and Shmuel Levi; figurative artists such as Samuel Bak and Naftali Bezem.
 There was also a group of new immigrants from the U.S.S.R. who were also promoted by the Debel Gallery such as Naftali Bezem, Alexander Okun, Valentin Shorr, Anatoli Basin, and many others.
Howard B. Zieff (21 October 1927 – 22 February 2009), (pronounced Zeef ) was an American director, television commercial director, and advertising photographer.
Rudolf Schwarzkogler (13 November 1940, Vienna – 20 June 1969, Vienna) was an Austrian performance artist closely associated with the Viennese Actionism group that included artists Günter Brus, Otto Mühl, and Hermann Nitsch.
Jodie Dallas is a fictional character from the 1977 American sitcom "Soap".
 He was played by Billy Crystal.
 The son of central character Mary Campbell, Jodie works as a television commercial director.
 Jodie was among the first gay characters on American television.
 Despite being gay, Jodie fathered a child through a one-night stand, and many of his storylines throughout the series centered on his involvement with women.
 Jodie had relationships with two other women but maintained throughout the series that he was still gay.
 The series ended with Jodie, as the result of hypnotherapy, believing he was an elderly Jewish man.
My Girl is a 1991 American comedy-drama film directed by Howard Zieff and written by Laurice Elehwany.
 The film, starring Macaulay Culkin and Anna Chlumsky in her feature film debut, depicts the coming-of-age of a young girl who faces many different emotional highs and lows.
 The film also stars Dan Aykroyd and Jamie Lee Curtis.
