Luke Lee Wen Loong (born December 16, 1991) is a Singaporean actor, best known for portraying characters in both film and television.
 His best known role was Sergeant Heng in Jack Neo's army movies "Ah Boys to Men" and "Ah Boys to Men 2".
 He has also appeared in Hong Kong-Singapore horror film "A Fantastic Ghost Wedding".
 Notable roles include appearing in MediaCorp Channel 5's "Tanglin (TV series)", "Point of Entry (TV series)", HBO (Asia) 's "Serangoon Road (TV series)" as well as BBC's "Insatiable Teens".
Gage Clarke (March 3, 1900 – October 22, 1964) was an American character actor best known for his role as the principal in "Mister Peepers".
 His other work consisted largely of one-shot appearances in television series such as seven major supporting roles as different characters in "Maverick", twelve roles in "Gunsmoke" (Clarke played a key role in the "Maverick" spoof of "Gunsmoke", an episode entitled "Gun-Shy"), "Mister Ed", "Laramie", "Ben Casey", "Checkmate", "The Twilight Zone", "The Real McCoys" (twice), four roles in "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Bourbon Street Beat", "Thriller", "Have Gun Will Travel", and many others, as well as movies including "I Want to Live!
", "The Bad Seed", "The Brothers Karamazov", and "The Absent-Minded Professor".
 Clarke, a slightly overweight actor with a double chin, specialized in playing avuncular, rather timid characters, with one of his largest parts being frightened gambler "Foursquare Farley" in the "Maverick" episode "Greenbacks, Unlimited" opposite James Garner and John Dehner.
 He made two guest appearances on "Perry Mason", including the role of Frederick Rollins in "The Case of the Glittering Goldfish" in 1959.
 He also played the part of Mr. Murg in "Pollyanna" in 1960.
Pankaj Dheer is an Indian television and film actor.
 His best known role was as Karna in epic TV series, Mahabharata (1988–1990), which became a famous Indian television series, and as Shivadatta in "Chandrakanta" (TV series) (1994–1996).
 He also played the role of Sadashivrao Bhau, the commander in chief of the Maratha army at the third battle of Panipat in the TV series The Great Maratha produced by Sanjay Khan.
Maninder Singh is an Indian actor.
 He played the role of Indian independence activist Ananta Singh in the film "Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey" (2010).
 He played the lead role in the suspense thriller television show "2612" (2012) as Randeep Rathore and reprised the same role in the next season titled as "2613".
 In 2014, he was also seen in the popular television show "CID" portraying senior CID cop.
 He was also seen in Zee tv's Sanyukt.
 He is currently seen in Star Bharat's Kya Hal Mister Panchal (TV Series).
François Morel (born 10 June 1959) is a French actor and filmmaker.
 He is best known for his role of Mister Morel in the cult TV series "Les Deschiens" (1993-2002), in which he appears alongside Yolande Moreau.
Natalie West (born Natalie Neal West; January 23, 1956) is an American television, film and stage actress best known for her role as Crystal Anderson Conner on the 1988-1997 TV series "Roseanne".
John Stephen Goodman (born June 20, 1952) is an American actor.
 Early in his career, he was best known for playing Dan Conner on the ABC TV series "Roseanne" (1988–1997), for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in 1993.
 He is also a regular collaborator with the Coen brothers on such films as "Raising Arizona" (1987), "Barton Fink" (1991), "The Big Lebowski" (1998), "O Brother, Where Art Thou?
" (2000), and "Inside Llewyn Davis" (2013).
 Goodman's voice roles in animated films include Pacha in Disney's "The Emperor's New Groove" (2000), and Sulley in Pixar's "Monsters, Inc." (2001), and "Monsters University" (2013).
Damon Dark is an independent public access TV series and web series from Australia about a heroic and obsessive investigator of UFO incidents and other strange cases, created by Australian writer, actor and film maker Adrian Sherlock.
 Damon James Dark became a dedicated alien investigator after a close encounter during his teenage years.
 He is associated with both the secret service and friendly aliens, including a character called Vincent Kosmos (an alien time traveller) and Trans-Dimensional Control (an alien law enforcement agency).
 The character of Damon Dark has appeared in a 5-week TV series on Community TV 31 in Melbourne Australia, a self-published novel ("Biodome") on Amazon's createspace platform and a long running web series on YouTube.
 He has also been involved in related web series "Young Damon Dark" and "Vincent Kosmos."
 He has also been the focus of a one actor stage drama.
 The character of Damon Dark has been played by Adrian Sherlock, Bruce Hughes, Aiden Sherlock and Jack Knoll.
 Damon Dark is a loner, dresses in black, has a huge experience of aliens and their technology.
 Damon is characterized by his high intelligence, idealistic moral outlook and wry sense of humor.
 His best friend in the series is the long-suffering Gary Sutton, played by actor Robert Trott.
 Damon Dark began in 1999, with a five-part weekly series on Melbourne's Community TV 31, (although the pilot was shot in 1996 and the show had been in development since 1990) following a screening of a 65-minute version of the story "Maddox" at the 57th World Science Fiction Convention (Aussiecon Three) held in Melbourne.
 The series was later revived as a YouTube webseries which inspired several related webseries, including "The Young Damon Dark Adventures" in which the character is played as a teenager, and Vincent Kosmos, (created by and starring Chris Heaven, , an Italian actor and musician, about a renegade alien character who is a friend of Damon.
David Newell (born November 24, 1938) is an American television actor known primarily for his portrayal of Mr. McFeely, the delivery man on "Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood", and works in the public relations department of the Fred Rogers Company (the entity responsible for all rights relating to the program, and other series currently in production from the company).
 His character's most famous catchphrase was "Speedy Delivery!"
 This was Newell's major role, but not his only one, as he appeared in small film and TV parts throughout the years.
 He toured the country until he retired in 2015, promoting "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" as Mr. McFeely.
Alan Young (born Angus Young; November 19, 1919 – May 19, 2016) was a British-born Canadian-American actor, voice actor, comedian and radio and television host/personality who "TV Guide" called "The Charlie Chaplin of Television".
 He was best known for his role as naive Wilbur Post in the television comedy series "Mister Ed" (1961–1966).
 Young was also the voice of Disney's Scrooge McDuck for over thirty years, first in the Academy Award-nominated short film "Mickey's Christmas Carol" (1983) and in various other films, TV series and video games until his death.
 During the 1940s and 1950s, he starred in his own variety/comedy sketch shows "The Alan Young Show" on radio and television, the latter gaining him two Emmy Awards in 1951.
 He also appeared in a number of feature films, starting from 1946, including the 1960 film "The Time Machine" and from the 1980s gaining a new generation of viewers appearing in numerous Walt Disney Productions films as both an actor and voice actor.
