Clintonia borealis (commonly blue-bead lily or Clintonia, also Clinton's lily, corn Lily, cow tongue, yellow beadlily, yellow bluebeadlily, snakeberry, dogberry, and straw lily), is a perennial forest plant found in eastern North America.
 "Clintonia borealis" is named in honor of former New York senator and governor, DeWitt Clinton.
 It was once classified within the genus "Convallaria".
Efrain Gonzalez Jr. (born 1948) is a former New York senator and a convicted felon.
Kelly Miller Alexander Sr. (August 18, 1915 – April 2, 1985) was Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and a civil rights activist.
 He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina to Zechariah and Louise Alexander.
 His father was the owner of the Alexander Funeral Home, the only back funeral home in Charlotte.
 He played football at Second Ward High School, becoming known as "ship wreck Kelly."
 Alexander studied at the Tuskegee Institute in Alabama and Renouard College of Embalming in New York City before returning to Charlotte to help run his fathers business.
In 1974, Republican President Richard Nixon was forced to resign following the Watergate Scandal.
 Vice President Gerald Ford ascended to the presidency, leaving the office of vice president vacant.
 Under the terms of the 25th Amendment, a vice presidential vacancy is filled when the president nominates a candidate who is confirmed by both houses of Congress.
 On August 20, 1974, Ford announced his nomination of former New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller to fill the vacancy.
 Ford also considered picking Tennessee Senator Howard Baker and former Republican National Committee Chairman George H.W. Bush.
 Rockefeller was generally considered to be a liberal Republican, and Ford decided that picking Rockefeller would help his candidacy gain support in the 1976 presidential election.
 The confirmation hearings for Rockefeller lasted for months, but Rockefeller was sworn in as the 41st Vice President of the United States on December 19, 1974.
 Due to the pressure on Ford by the party conservatives, Rockefeller was ultimately passed over for the 1976 ticket, and Ford instead chose Bob Dole as his running mate.
 Ford, however, regreted this move later.
The Olympic Regional Development Authority (ORDA) is a New York State public benefit corporation, created by the State of New York to manage the facilities used during the 1980 Olympic Winter Games at Lake Placid, New York.
 ORDA operates the ski areas at Whiteface Mountain and Gore Mountain, and Belleayre Mountain, the Olympic Sports Complex, located five miles from Lake Placid at Mount Van Hoevenberg, the Olympic Ski Jumping Complex and the ice skating complex.
 In addition to the Olympic complexes that ORDA operates they also run a store in downtown Lake Placid.
 ORDA receives funding from New York State, the town of North Elba and the United States Federal Government.
 The Olympic Regional Development Authority continues to host world cup events that the public can watch and enjoy.
 One of the events that ORDA held at Whiteface Mountain in 2009 was Skier Cross and was new in 2010 at the Vancouver Olympics.
 In order to help run the events that go on throughout the year, ORDA relies on volunteers to help with parking, crowd control, and as chaperons.
Iris Weinshall (born September 5, 1953) is the Chief Operating Officer of The New York Public Library, former vice chancellor at the City University of New York and a former commissioner of the New York City Department of Transportation.
 Weinshall was appointed Chief Operating Officer by the Library in July 2014, and she began her tenure on September 1, 2014.
 She is married to New York Senator Chuck Schumer.
Hugh Edwin Rodham (born 1950) is an American lawyer and former Democratic Party politician who is the brother of former New York Senator, First Lady, and Secretary of State, Hillary Rodham Clinton, and the brother-in-law of former U.S. President Bill Clinton.
The 2008 New York Democratic primary took place on February 5, 2008, also known as Super Tuesday.
 Polls indicated that New York Senator Hillary Clinton was leading rival Senator Barack Obama by double digits in the weeks before the contest, and she ended up winning with roughly 58% of the vote.
The Seward neighborhood in Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S., is geographically southeast of downtown and defined by the triangle of land bordered by Hiawatha Avenue to the west, Minneapolis Midtown Greenway (between E. 27th St. and E. 28th St.) to the south, the Mississippi River to the east, and Interstate 94 to the north.
 Seward's bordering neighborhoods are Cooper to the Southeast, Longfellow to the South, East Phillips to the Southwest, Ventura Village to the West, Cedar-Riverside to the North, and Prospect Park/East River Road across the Mississippi River to the East.
 It is one of the neighborhoods that is part of the larger Longfellow community.
 Seward was named after former New York senator, governor, and US Secretary of State William H. Seward.
In United States politics, the gas tax holiday or the gas tax loophole was a proposal made by presidential contenders Arizona Senator John McCain and New York Senator Hillary Clinton to suspend the federal excise tax on gasoline from Memorial Day to Labor Day in the year 2008.
 Proponents argued that this could potentially reduce the price of gas at the pump by about 18.4 cents a gallon for regular unleaded gasoline and 24.4 cents a gallon for diesel.
 If it were done, it was estimated the gas tax holiday would save consumers roughly $30 over the three-month period it would be instated.
 However, Barack Obama and others argued that the oil companies would not significantly lower prices and would instead pocket most of the tax cut, effectively turning the cut into a tax loophole.
