The Mascarene teal ("Anas theodori"), also known as Sauzier's teal and Mauritian duck, is an extinct dabbling duck that formerly occurred on the islands of Mauritius and Réunion.
 It was a small teal of the "Anas gibberifrons" superspecies of the "Anas" subgenus "Nettion".
 Its closest relative is probably Bernier's teal from Madagascar and, apart from having stronger wings and being considerably bigger (between a Sunda teal and a mallard in size), it seems to have looked very similar to that species.
 Earlier, it was proposed that Meller's duck, also from Madagascar, is the closest living relative of "A. theodori", but as more remains of the latter were unearthed this appears far less likely.
 Apart from a few, brief descriptions, not much is known about the bird in life, but its habits probably did not differ significantly from those of its close relatives.
 Bones have been found in the Mare aux Songes swamp on Mauritius and more recently on Réunion also.
 The scientific name honours Thé́odore Sauzier, who made many bones of extinct birds found on Mauritius available to science.
Occidens is an extinct genus of stem tetrapod that lived during the earliest part of the Carboniferous in what is now Northern Ireland.
 It is known from a single type species, Occidens portlocki, named in 2004 on the basis of a left lower jaw that British geologist Joseph Ellison Portlock described in 1843.
 Portlock attributed it to the lobe-finned fish "Holoptychius" and it was housed in the collections of the British Geological Survey for over a century before being reevaluated in 2004 by vertebrate paleontologists Jenny Clack and Per E. Ahlberg, who reclassified it as a new genus and species of early tetrapod.
 The genus name "Occidens" refers to its presence west of better-known early tetrapod assemblages in Great Britain, and the species name honors Portlock.
 The jaw likely comes from the Altagoan Formation and, based on an analysis of fossilized pollen, dates to the late Tournaisian stage of the Early Carboniferous about 350 million years ago.
 The occurrence of "Occidens" in the Tournaisian makes it a critically important taxon because it lies within Romer's gap, a time interval spanning most of the Early Carboniferous in which almost no tetrapod fossils are known.
 Romer's gap separates the first appearance of tetrapods in the Late Devonian from the group's first evolutionary radiation toward the end of the Early Carboniferous.
 However, the relationship of "Occidens" to other early tetrapods both before and after the gap remain uncertain, which means that its context in tetrapod evolution remains unknown.
 Clack and Ahlberg noted several distinctive features of "Occidens", including a straight row of teeth along the coronoid bones on the inner surface of the lower jaw, an open groove for a lateral line sense organ on the jaw's outer surface, and a stepped shape to the connection between the dentary and angular bones.
 The jaw bone is deep, resembling those of "Crassigyrinus" and whatcheeriids (which both occur in Romer's gap) in overall appearance.
 In most phylogenetic trees produced by Clack and Ahlberg's 2004 analysis, "Occidens" fell near whatcheeriids and the Devonian taxon "Tulerpeton", being more derived than all other Devonian taxa and more basal than "Crassigyrinus" and the post-Romer's Gap taxa "Greererpeton" and "Megalocephalus".
 A 2008 phylogenetic analysis by paleontologists Marcello Ruta and John Bolt found "Occidens" to be the closest relative of "Sigournea multidentata", a species from the end of the gap found in Iowa, but could not determine where these two taxa fit relative to other Early Carboniferous tetrapods.
Dicarpellum is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the family Celastraceae.
 The genus is endemic to New Caledonia in the Pacific and contains four species.
 Its closest relative is "Hypsophila" from Australia.
Bombyx mandarina, the wild silkmoth, is an insect from the moth family Bombycidae.
 It is the closest relative of "Bombyx mori" the domesticated silkmoth or "silkworm" (properly, this refers to the caterpillars only).
 Unlike the domesticated relative which is unable to fly or indeed persist outside human care, the wild silkmoth is a fairly ordinary lepidopteran. Its main difference from the domesticated taxon is the more slender body with well-developed wings in males, and the dull greyish-brown color.
Daenikera corallina is a species of parasitic in the Santalaceae family.
 It is endemic to New Caledonia and the only species of the genus Daenikera.
 Its closest relative is "Amphorogyne", also endemic to New Caledonia.
Carusia is an extinct genus of lizard from the Late Cretaceous of Mongolia.
 It is a close relative of the family Xenosauridae, which includes living knob-scaled lizards. Fossils of the type and only species Carusia intermedia come from the late-Campanian age Barun Goyot Formation and have been found in the Flaming Cliffs, Ukhaa Tolgod, and Kheerman Tsav fossil localities.
 "Carusia" was first described in 1985 under the name "Carolina intermedia", but since the name "Carolina" was preoccupied by a genus of scarab beetles that had been named in 1880, it was renamed "Carusia intermedia".
 "Carusia" had initially been known from fragmentary skull material, complicating efforts to determine its evolutionary relationships with other lizards; it had variously been described as an indeterminate scincomorph, a xenosaurid, or some other type of autarchoglossan lizard convergent with xenosaurids.
 However, the discovery of 35 complete skulls in the 1990s, three of which were described in a detailed 1998 monograph, revealed that "Carusia" was the sister taxon (closest relative) of Xenosauridae, compelling the authors of the monograph to create a new clade called Carusioidea to include both taxa.
Crossosperma is a genus of shrubs in the family Rutaceae.
 The genus is endemic to New Caledonia in the Pacific and contains two species.
 Its closest relative is the Australian "Acradenia".
Hachettea austrocaledonica is a species of parasitic plant in the Balanophoraceae family.
 It is endemic to New Caledonia and the only species of the genus Hachettea.
 Its closest relative is "Dactylanthus" from New Zealand.
Gerobatrachus is an extinct genus of amphibamid temnospondyl (represented by the type species Gerobatrachus hottoni) that lived in the Early Permian, approximately 290 million years ago (Ma), in the area that is now Baylor County, Texas.
 When it was first described in 2008, "Gerobatrachus" was announced to be the closest relative of Batrachia, the group that includes modern frogs and salamanders.
 It possesses a mixture of characteristics from both groups, including a large frog-like head and a salamander-like tail.
 These features have led to it being dubbed a frogamander by the press.
 Some more recent studies place "Gerobatrachus" as the closest relative of Lissamphibia, the group that contains all modern amphibians including frogs, salamanders, and caecilians, or place modern amphibians far from "Gerobatrachus" within a group called Lepospondyli.
Podonephelium is a genus of shrubs and trees in the family Sapindaceae.
 The genus is endemic to New Caledonia in the Pacific and contains nine species.
 Its closest relative is "Alectryon".
