The Newman Society: Oxford University Catholic Society (est. 1878 and 1990; current form 2012) is Oxford University's oldest Roman Catholic organisation, a student society named as a tribute to Cardinal Newman, who agreed to lend his name to a group formed seventeen years before the English hierarchy formally permitted Catholics to attend the university.
 The society was created by the merger in 2012 of the Newman Society and Oxford University Catholic Society, two independent Catholic student groups, which combined in order to bear witness to the unity and catholicity of the Church.
 It exists, according to its constitution, to: 'work in conjunction with the Chaplains to support and encourage Catholic students in their Christian vocation by promoting their personal, intellectual and spiritual development, social interaction, and apostolic witness within the broader context of their university experience', and has served as the model for Catholic student societies throughout the English-speaking world.
 While remaining aware and proud of the extensive heritage of the Newman Society, set out below, the Society is intensely conscious of its responsibility as the contemporary representative of the entire student Catholic community of Oxford University.
Caryn Davies (born April 14, 1982 in Ithaca, New York) is an American rower.
 She won gold medals as the stroke seat in women's eight at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
 In April 2015 Davies stroked Oxford University to victory in the first ever women's Oxford/Cambridge boat race held on the same stretch of the river Thames in London where the men's Oxford/Cambridge race has been held since 1829.
 She was the most highly decorated Olympian to take part in either [men's or women's] race.
 In 2012 Davies was ranked number 4 in the world by the International Rowing Federation.
 At the 2004 Olympic Games she won a silver medal in the women's eight.
 Davies has won more Olympic medals than any other U.S. oarswoman.
 The 2008 U.S. women's eight, of which she was a part, was named FISA (International Rowing Federation) crew of the year.
 Davies is from Ithaca, New York, where she graduated from Ithaca High School, and rowed with the Cascadilla Boat Club.
 Davies was on the Radcliffe College (Harvard) Crew Team and was a member on Radcliffe's 2003 NCAA champion Varsity 8, and overall team champion.
 In 2013, she was a visiting student at Pembroke College, Oxford, where she stroked the college men's eight to a victory in both Torpids (spring intercollegiate races) and the Oxford University Summer Eights races (for the first time in Oxford rowing history).
 In 2013–14 Davies took up Polynesian outrigger canoeing in Hawaii, winning the State novice championship and placing 4th in the long distance race na-wahine-o-ke-kai with her team from the Outrigger Canoe Club.
 In 2013, she was inducted into the New York Athletic Club Hall of Fame.
 She has served as a Vice President of the U.S. Olympians Association and as athletes' representative to the Board of USRowing.
Oxford University Liberal Democrats (previously Oxford University Liberal Club and Oxford University Social Democrats) is the student branch of the Liberal Democrats for students at the University of Oxford.
 It is the official successor to both the Oxford University Liberal Club and the Oxford University Social Democrats, which voted to merge early in 1987, about a year in advance of the national parties.
Astarte, choreographed by Robert Joffrey, was the first live, multi-media ballet with a specially commissioned rock music score composed and performed by Crome Syrcus.
 It received its world premier on September 20, 1967 and was performed by the Joffrey Ballet in New York City at the City Center Theater.
 It was produced by Midge Mackenzie, with sets and lighting design by Thomas Skelton, costumes by Hugh Sherrer, and film created and photographed by Gardner Compton.
Women Talking Dirty is a 1999 Scottish comedy film starring Helena Bonham Carter and Gina McKee.
 It is an adaptation of the novel "Women Talking Dirty", written by Isla Dewar who wrote the screenplay as well.
 The film was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival on 17 September 1999 and released on 7 December 2001 in the UK.
Shoulder to Shoulder is a 1974 BBC television serial and book relating the history of the women's suffrage movement, both edited by Midge Mackenzie.
 The drama series grew out of discussions between Mackenzie and the actress and singer Georgia Brown, who was dissatisfied at the lack of decent roles for women in TV drama.
 Brown enlisted the producer Verity Lambert in the project she and Mackenzie were devising to dramatise the struggle for women's suffrage, and the three women presented the idea to the BBC, which gave approval for the series.
 Originally they had hoped to use only female script writers but this proved impracticable.
 Male writers were used and the three female originators of the project found they needed to remove from their scripts a number of 'innuendoes, misconceptions and untruths' indicative of what Georgia Brown termed "the male point of view".
The Oxford University Music Society (OUMS) is one of the oldest societies in the University of Oxford, England, tracing its origins back to 1872.
 The Society was formed in 1916 by the merger of the Oxford University Musical Club, founded in 1872, and the Oxford University Musical Union, founded in 1884.
 Originally called the Oxford University Musical Club and Union, it changed its name to the Oxford University Musical Society in 1983.
Thum Ping Tjin (born 17 December 1979), better known as PJ, is a Research Associate at the Centre for Global History and co-ordinator of Project Southeast Asia, University of Oxford.
 He is the first Singaporean to swim the English Channel.
 He is also the first Oxford University graduate student to do so.
 He was a member of the Singapore national swimming team and has represented Singapore at every level, including the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
 He is a Rhodes Scholar and Commonwealth Scholar.
Margaret Rose MacKenzie, known as Midge Mackenzie, (6 March 1938 - 28 January 2004) was a London-born writer and filmmaker who first become known for producing Robert Joffrey's multimedia ballet "Astarte" with the Joffrey Ballet, and "Women Talking", a documentary with interviews of Kate Millett, Betty Friedan and other leading figures in the US women’s liberation movement.
Oxford University Rowing Clubs (OURCs) is a federation of the Oxford University Boat Club (OUBC), the Oxford University Women's Boat Club (OUWBC), the Oxford University Lightweight Rowing Club (OULRC), and the Oxford University Women's Lightweight Rowing Club (OUWLRC), as well as all college boat clubs.
 OURCs is a purely administrative organisation with no training or crews.
 It was created in 1986 in order to remove the organisational burden from the university squad and is responsible for organising inter-collegiate competitions and overseeing the conduct of college rowing.
 The student-led organisation of OURCs is supported by senior members of the university, the Council for Oxford University Rowing, which issues advice and deals with aspects of rowing safety.
