The FPS Finance (Dutch: "FOD Financiën" , French: "SPF Finances" , German: "FÖD Finanzen" ), is a Federal Public Service of Belgium.
 It was created by Royal Order on February 17, 2002, as part of the plans of the Verhofstadt I Government to modernise the federal administration.
 It is responsible for the finances of the Federal Government and taxation.
 It is responsible to the Minister of Finance, Steven Vanackere (CD&V).
The federal administration of Switzerland (German: "Bundesverwaltung" , French: "Administration fédérale" , Italian: "Amministrazione federale" , Romansh: "" ) is the ensemble of agencies that constitute, together with the Swiss Federal Council, the executive branch of the Swiss federal authorities.
 The administration is charged with executing federal law and preparing draft laws and policy for the Federal Council and the Federal Assembly.
The Government of Canada (French: "Gouvernement du Canada" ), formally Her Majesty's Government (French: "Gouvernement de Sa Majesté" ), is the federal administration of Canada.
 In Canadian English, the term can mean either the collective set of institutions or specifically the Queen-in-Council.
 In both senses, the current construct was established at Confederation—through the Constitution Act, 1867—as a federal constitutional monarchy, wherein the Canadian Crown acts as the core, or "the most basic building block," of its Westminster-style parliamentary democracy.
 The Crown is thus the foundation of the executive, legislative, and judicial branches of the Canadian government.
 Further elements of governance are outlined in the rest of the Canadian constitution, which includes written statutes, court rulings, and unwritten conventions developed over centuries.
The seven members of the Swiss Federal Council (German: "Schweizerischer Bundesrat" ; French: "Conseil fédéral suisse" ; Italian: "Consiglio federale svizzero" ; Romansh: "Cussegl federal svizzer" ) constitute the federal government of Switzerland and serve as the country's head of state.
 Each of the seven Councillors heads a department of the Swiss federal administration.
The Canada–Quebec Accord is a legal agreement concerning immigration issues between the federal government of Canada and the government of Quebec.
 The broad accord signed in 1991 preceded similar agreements with other provinces including British Columbia and Manitoba.
 The arrangement gives Quebec the exclusive responsibility of choosing immigrants and refugees still living in their own countries but wishing to relocate to the province.
 Selected applicants are issued a "certificat de sélection du Québec".
 Immigrants who settle also can be required by Québec's provincial government, to send their children to French-language schools.
 Citizenship and Immigration Canada issues the actual visa after background and health verifications.
 The provinces also have agreements with the federal government in that they can nominate individuals for immigration purposes, similar to the way Quebec does.
Canada first came under British rule with the Treaty of Paris (1763) which ceded New France, of which Canada was a part, to the British Empire.
 Gradually, other territories, colonies, and provinces that were part of British North America would be added to Canada.
 The Royal Proclamation of 1763 enlarged the colony of Canada under the name of the Province of Quebec, which with the Constitutional Act 1791 became known as The Canadas.
 With the Act of Union 1840 Upper and Lower Canada were joined to become the United Province of Canada.
 Later, with Confederation in 1867, the British maritime colonies of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia were joined with the British colony of Canada to form the Dominion of Canada, which was subsequently divided into four provinces, Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia.
 A number of other British colonies, such as Newfoundland and British Columbia, and large territories such as Rupert's Land initially remained outside of the newly formed federation.
 Over time, the remaining colonies and territories within British North America came under the control of Canada until the current geographic extent of the country was reached when Newfoundland and Labrador joined Canada in 1949.
 Although confederation in 1867 led to an enlarged Dominion with increased autonomy over domestic affairs, Canada still remained a colony within the British Empire and was thus subordinate to the British Parliament until the enactment of the Statute of Westminster in 1931.
 This statute recognized Canada as an independent peer coequal with the United Kingdom, and thus provided the Parliament of Canada with legislative sovereignty over all federal matters except the power to change the constitutional laws of Canada which remained under the purview of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
 Canada's final vestige of legal dependence on the United Kingdom was terminated in 1982 with the enactment of the Canada Act, subsequently providing Canada with full legal sovereignty completely independent of the United Kingdom.
The Federal Department of Foreign Affairs (FDFA, German: "Eidgenössisches Departement für auswärtige Angelegenheiten" , French: "Département fédéral des affaires étrangères" , Italian: "Dipartimento federale degli affari esteri" , Romansh: "" ), so named since 1979, is one of the seven Departments of the Swiss government federal administration of Switzerland, and corresponds in its range of tasks to the ministry of foreign affairs in other countries.
 The Department is always headed by one of the members of the Swiss Federal Council.
 As of 2012, the department is headed by Federal Councillor Didier Burkhalter.
The sponsorship scandal, "AdScam" or Sponsorgate, is a scandal that came as a result of a Canadian federal government "sponsorship program" in the province of Quebec and involving the Liberal Party of Canada, which was in power from 1993 to 2006.
 The program was originally established as an effort to raise awareness of the Government of Canada's contributions to Quebec industries and other activities in order to counter the actions of the Parti Québécois government of the province that worked to promote Quebec independence.
The FPS Personnel and Organisation (Dutch: "FOD Personeel en Organisatie" , French: "SPF Personnel et Organisation" , German: "FÖD Personal und Organisation" ), also referred to as the FPS P&O, was a Federal Public Service of Belgium.
 It was created by Royal Order on May 11, 2001, as part of the plans of the Verhofstadt I Government to modernise the federal administration.
 It is a so-called horizontal Federal Public Service because it isn't responsible for a specific policy field, but provides services to the other Federal Public Services.
The Federal Chancellery of Switzerland (German: "Bundeskanzlei" , French: "Chancellerie fédérale" , Italian: "Cancelleria federale" ) is a department-level agency of the federal administration of Switzerland.
 It is the staff organisation of the federal government, the Federal Council.
 As of 2016, it is headed by Federal Chancellor Walter Thurnherr of the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland.
