Brady James Monson Corbet ( ; born August 17, 1988) is an American actor and filmmaker.
 Corbet is known for playing Mason Freeland in the film "Thirteen", Brian Lackey in the film "Mysterious Skin", Alan Tracy in the 2004 film "Thunderbirds", and Peter in the 2008 film "Funny Games".
 He has made guest appearances on many television shows.
 He made his feature film directorial debut with "The Childhood of a Leader" and won Best Debut film and Best Director award at 72nd Venice International Film Festival.
Per 100.000 dollari ti ammazzo (literally "I will kill you for 100,000 dollars" or "100,000 dollars for killing you", internationally released as Vengeance is Mine, For One Hundred Thousand Dollars for a Killing and One Hundred Thousand Dollars Per Killing) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film.
 It represents the directorial debut film of Giovanni Fago (here credited as Sidney Lean).
 On the set of this film Gianni Garko got to know Susanna Martinkova, a Czechoslovakian actress at her debut in an Italian production, who little later married the actor and had a daughter with him.
City of Damnation (Hangul: 유감스러운 도시 ; RR: "Yoogamseureowoon dosi "; MR: "Yugamsŭrŏun tosi " ) is a 2009 South Korean film directed by Kim Dong-won and is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong film "Infernal Affairs".
The Duellists is a 1977 historical drama film and the feature directorial debut of Ridley Scott.
 It won the Best Debut Film award at the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.
 The basis of the screenplay is the Joseph Conrad short story "The Duel" (titled "Point of Honor" in the United States) published in "A Set of Six".
Kim Dong-won (born 1962) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.
 Kim's directorial debut – the comedy film "My Boss, My Teacher" was a hit with more than 6.1 million admissions, making it the fourth best selling film of 2006.
Karan Malhotra is an Indian film director and screenwriter.
 He is best known for his debut film Agneepath.
 Before marking his directorial debut in 2012 with Dharma Productions, he worked for ten years as an assistant director in the Hindi film industry.
Kim Dong-won () is a Korean name consisting of the family name Kim and the given name Dong-won, and may also refer to:
Kim Dong-won (born February 24, 1955) is a South Korean documentary filmmaker.
 Kim is best known for his documentary films "Repatriation" (2004) and "63 Years On" (2008).
Muffin Top: A Love Story is a 2014 American romantic comedy directorial debut film directed by Cathryn Michon, who also starred in the film.
 The film's script was written by Michon with her husband W. Bruce Cameron.
 It is based on her 2004 novel "The Grrl Genius Guide to Sex (With Other People)", which was partially based on her life.
 The film stars Michon as a woman who must re-enter the dating world after her husband (played by Diedrich Bader) leaves her for a younger woman.
 It had its world debut on October 18, 2014 at the Carmel International Film Festival.
 Distribution for the film was handled by the on-demand movie distribution website Tugg, which allowed Michon to show her film in areas with high enough demand.
 "Muffin Top" was also released via VOD.
R2B: Return to Base () is a 2012 South Korean aviation action drama film loosely based on the critically acclaimed 1986 film Top Gun.
 The film stars Rain, Shin Se-kyung and Yoo Jun-sang in lead roles.
 It was directed by Kim Dong-won and is a remake of Shin Sang-ok's 1964 film "Red Scarf".
 It is about a talented, yet troublemaking, elite air force pilot who is demoted to a combat flying unit.
 It was released on 15 August 2012.
 Republic of Korea Air Force was heavily involved to support filming.
