"The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Runner" is a short story by Alan Sillitoe, published in 1959 as part of a short story collection of the same name.
 The work focuses on Smith, a poor Nottingham teenager from a dismal home in a working class area, who has bleak prospects in life and few interests beyond petty crime.
 The boy turns to long-distance running as a method of both an emotional and a physical escape from his situation.
 The story was adapted for a 1962 film of the same title, with Sillitoe writing the screenplay and Tony Richardson directing.
 The part of Smith (now called Colin) was played by Tom Courtenay.
Pablo de Rokha (October 17, 1895 in Licantén, Chile - December 10, 1968 in Santiago, Chile) was a Chilean poet.
 He won the Chilean Premio Nacional de Literatura (National Literature Prize) in 1965 and is counted among The four greats of Chilean poetry, along with Pablo Neruda, Vicente Huidobro and Gabriela Mistral.
 He is considered an avant-garde poet and an influential figure in the poetry scene of his country.
Colegio Particular Gabriela Mistral (English: Gabriela Mistral Particular School ) is a Chilean high school in Rancagua, Cachapoal Province, Chile.
The Premio Gabriela Mistral (Premio Interamericano de Cultura "Gabriela Mistral" or Gabriela Mistral Inter-American Prize for Culture) was an award made by the Organization of American States.
 It was created in 1979 in memory of the Nobel laureate Gabriela Mistral.
Mistral is a brand of Chilean pisco owned by Compañía de Cervecerías Unidas (CCU).
 The brand takes its name from the Chilean nobel literature laureate Gabriela Mistral who was a native from Elqui Valley where pisco grapes are grown.
Mistral is a crater on Mercury.
 It has a diameter of 110 kilometers.
 Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976.
 Mistral is named for the Chilean poet Gabriela Mistral, who lived from 1889 to 1957.
The phrase land of poets (Spanish: "país de poetas" ) is commonly used to describe Chile due to its highly valued poetry tradition.
 The phrase is most often associated with the fact that Chilean poets have twice obtained Nobel Prize in Literature for their works, first Gabriela Mistral in 1945 and then Pablo Neruda in 1971.
 According to Austral University of Chile academician Oscar Galindo the concept of Chile as "land of poets" is mostly foreign.
Gabriela Mistral University (Spanish: "Universidad Gabriela Mistral" ) is a privately funded university in Santiago, Chile.
Arturo Prat, was an officer and war hero of the Chilean Navy who was killed during the War of the Pacific.
 "Arturo Prat" is the most ubiquitous street name across Chile.
 There are 162 communes in Chile which have a street bearing his name, outnumbering "Manuel Rodríguez" (158), "Gabriela Mistral" (134) and "Lautaro" (116).

NGC 3324 is an open cluster in the southern constellation Carina, located northwest of the Carina Nebula (NGC 3372) at a distance of 2317 pc from Earth.
 It is closely associated with the emission nebula IC 2599 , also known as Gum 31 .
 The two are often confused as a single object, and together have been nicknamed the "Gabriela Mistral Nebula" due to its resemblance to the Chilean poet.
 NGC 3324 was first catalogued by James Dunlop in 1826.
