Chronic Mycoplasma pneumonia and Chlamydia pneumonia infections are associated with the onset and exacerbation of asthma.
 These microbial infections result in chronic lower airway inflammation, impaired mucociliary clearance, an increase in mucous production and eventually asthma.
 Furthermore, children who experience severe viral respiratory infections early in life have a high possibility of having asthma later in their childhood.
 These viral respiratory infections are mostly caused by respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and human rhinovirus (HRV).
 Although RSV infections increase the risk of asthma in early childhood, the association between asthma and RSV decreases with increasing age.
 HRV on the other hand is an important cause of bronchiolitis and is strongly associated with asthma development.
 In children and adults with established asthma, viral upper respiratory tract infections (URIs), especially HRVs infections, can produce acute exacerbations of asthma.
 Thus, "Chlamydia pneumoniae", "Mycoplasma pneumoniae" and human rhinoviruses are microbes that play a major role in non-atopic asthma.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) is a viral respiratory disease of zoonotic origin caused by the SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV).
 Between November 2002 and July 2003, an outbreak of SARS in southern China caused an eventual 8,098 cases, resulting in 774 deaths reported in 37 countries, with the majority of cases in Hong Kong (9.6% fatality rate) according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
 No cases of SARS have been reported worldwide since 2004.
Yi Guan is a Chinese virologist who, in 2014, was ranked as 11th in the world by Thomson Reuters (now known as Clarivate Analytics) among global researchers in the field of microbiology.
 His research on the viral respiratory disease SARS allowed the Chinese government to successfully avert the 2004 outbreak of this disease.
 He is the current Director (China affairs) of the State Key Laboratory for Emerging Infectious Diseases University of Hong Kong.
 In early 2017, Guan warned that the H7N9 influenza virus "poses the greatest threat to humanity than any other in the past 100 years."
The Irish Thoracic Society (ITS) is the official society for professionals involved in the care of people with chronic or acute respiratory disease in Ireland.
 Membership of the Society is drawn from respiratory physicians, internal medicine physicians, pediatricians, thoracic surgeons, general practitioners, junior doctors, nurses, physiotherapists, pharmacists, dietitians, pulmonary function and respiratory therapists, scientists and other healthcare providers who specialize or have an interest in respiratory disease and care throughout Ireland - North and South.
Chronic Respiratory Disease is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of respiratory disease, including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, respiratory failure, and obstructive sleep apnea.
 The editors-in-chief are Mike Morgan (Glenfield Hospital), Carolyn Rochester (Yale University), and Sally Singh (Glenfield Hospital).
 It was established in 2004 and is published by SAGE Publications.
Feline viral rhinotracheitis (FVR) is an upper respiratory or pulmonary infection of cats caused by "feline herpesvirus 1", of the family "Herpesviridae".
 It is also commonly referred to as feline influenza, feline coryza, and feline pneumonia but, as these terms describe other very distinct collections of respiratory symptoms, they are misnomers for the condition.
 Viral respiratory diseases in cats can be serious, especially in catteries and kennels. Causing one-half of the respiratory diseases in cats, FVR is the most important of these diseases and is found worldwide.
 The other important cause of feline respiratory disease is "feline calicivirus".
Aspirin-induced asthma, also termed Samter's triad, Samter's syndrome, aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease (AERD), and recently by an appointed task force of the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology/World Allergy Organization (EAACI/WAO) Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs-exacerbated respiratory disease (N-ERD).
 is a medical condition initially defined as consisting of three key features: asthma, respiratory symptoms exacerbated by aspirin, and nasal/ethmoidal polyposis; however, the syndrome's symptoms are exacerbated by a large variety of other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugss (NSAIDs) besides aspirin.
 The symptoms of respiratory reactions in this syndrome are hypersensitivity reactions to NSAIDs rather than the typically described true allergic reactions that trigger other common allergen-induced asthma, rhinitis, or hives.
 The NSAID-induced reactions do not appear to involve the common mediators of true allergic reactions, immunoglobulin E or T cells.
 Rather, AERD is a type of NSAID-induced hypersensitivity syndrome.
 EAACI/WHO classifies the syndrome as one of 5 types of NSAID hypersensitivity or NSAID hypersensitivity reactions.
The Journal of Thoracic Disease is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering pulmonology.
 It was established in December 2009 and is published monthly by AME Publishing Company.
 It is the official journal of the State Key Laboratory of Respiratory Disease, the Guangzhou Institute of Respiratory Disease, the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, and the Society for Thoracic Disease.
 The editor-in-chief is Zhong Nanshan (Guangzhou Institute of Respiratory Diseases).
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 2.365.
Pulmonary rehabilitation, also known as respiratory rehabilitation, is an important part of the management and health maintenance of people with chronic respiratory disease who remain symptomatic or continue to have decreased function despite standard medical treatment.
 It is a broad therapeutic concept.
 It is defined by the American Thoracic Society and the European Respiratory Society as an evidence-based, multidisciplinary, and comprehensive intervention for patients with chronic respiratory diseases who are symptomatic and often have decreased daily life activities.
 In general, pulmonary rehabilitation refers to a series of services that are administered to patients of respiratory disease and their families, typically to attempt to improve the quality of life for the patient.
 Pulmonary rehabilitation may be carried out in a variety of settings, depending on the patient's needs, and may or may not include pharmacologic intervention.
SARS is severe acute respiratory syndrome, a viral respiratory disease of zoonotic origin caused by the SARS coronavirus.
