KMTA (1050 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Miles City, Montana.
 The station is owned by Marks Radio Group, and licensed to Custer County Community Broadcasting.
 It airs an oldies format.
WWCB (1370 AM) is a full-service radio station licensed to Corry, Pennsylvania and serving Corry, Union City, Erie County, Pennsylvania and Clymer, New York from its studio located at 122 North Center Street (PA 426) in downtown Corry and a transmitter facility off of West Columbus Avenue (U.S. Route 6).
 It is a Licensed Class B AM station operating 24 hours a day/7 days a week with 1,000 watts during the daytime, and 500 watts in the evening hours.
KCHA (1580 AM) is an oldies formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Charles City, Iowa, serving Charles City & Floyd County as well as North Central and North Eastern Iowa.
 KCHA is owned and operated by North Iowa Broadcasting, LLC.
 It was first licensed on December 13, 1949.
WSCV, virtual channel 51 (UHF digital channel 30), is the flagship television station of the Spanish-language Telemundo network, serving Miami, Florida, United States and licensed to Fort Lauderdale.
 The station is owned by the NBCUniversal Owned Television Stations subsidiary of NBCUniversal (itself a division of Comcast), as part of a duopoly with Miami-licensed NBC owned-and-operated station WTVJ (channel 6).
 The two stations share studio and office facilities on Southwest 27th Street (off of I-75) in Miramar; WSCV's transmitter is located near Hard Rock Stadium in north Miami-Dade County.
 WSCV is one of two commercial television stations with a city of license in Broward County (the other being UniMás flagship WAMI-DT, licensed to Hollywood).
 The station also serves as the "de facto" Telemundo outlet for the West Palm Beach market.
WIDL (92.1 FM, "I92") is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format.
 Licensed to Cass City, Michigan, it first began broadcasting at 104.9 MHz licensed to Caro, Michigan, and still maintains offices and studios in Caro with sister station WKYO.
 Overall, the station specializes in providing locally focused content such as regional news, weather and sports programming.
 It is owned by Edwards Communications, which also owns "The Tuscola County Advertiser" newspaper.
 The station serves most of the Thumb, including Tuscola, Huron, Sanilac and Lapeer counties, and when atmospheric conditions are right, can be heard as far southwest as Fenton, Michigan.
Radio Limerick One, also called Limerick 95FM and RLO at times, was the licensed radio station serving Limerick city and county.
 Licensed by the Independent Radio and Television Commission in 1989, its licence was removed in 1996 for misbehaviour, although the station did not leave the airwaves.
 It was eventually replaced by Limerick's Live 95FM as the licensed operator.
WKXQ (1600 AM) was an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Reidsville, North Carolina.
 WKXQ was one of three radio stations licensed to operate in the city and one of seven that once operated in Rockingham County, North Carolina.
 The station was licensed to broadcast on 1600 kHz.
 Its power output was 1,000 watts and used a three tower antenna system, broadcasting both day and night at full power from the transmitter site located on North Carolina Highway 87, west of Reidsville.
WAMI-DT, virtual channel 69 (UHF digital channel 47), is the flagship television station of the Spanish-language UniMás network, licensed to Hollywood, Florida, United States and serving Miami and Fort Lauderdale.
 The station is owned by Univision Communications, and is part of a duopoly with Miami-licensed Univision owned-and-operated station WLTV-DT (channel 23).
 The two stations share studio facilities known as "NewsPort", a converted studio facility that also houses Noticias Univision and English-language cable channel Fusion located at 8551 NW 30th Terrace in Doral.
 WAMI maintains transmitter facilities located in the Dale Village neighborhood of Pembroke Park.
 On cable, the station is carried on Comcast Xfinity channel 23.
 WAMI is one of two commercial television stations with a city of license in Broward County (the other being Telemundo flagship WSCV, licensed to Fort Lauderdale).
WGMF is an AM radio station licensed to the city of Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania and is part of the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre radio market.
 It broadcasts on a frequency of 1460 kHz with 5,000 watts daytime, and 1,000 watts nighttime power with a directional signal.
 WZMF is an AM radio station licensed to the city of Nanticoke, Pennsylvania and is part of the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre radio market.
 It broadcasts on a frequency of 730 kHz with 1,000 Watts daytime, and 12 Watts nighttime power.
 The WGMF-WZMF studio is located on Wilmar Drive in Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania with phone number 570-836-4200.
 WGMF formerly simulcast the adult contemporary format aired by its sister station, WCOZ, now KZ104, in neighboring Sullivan County, but now airs a classic hits format.
 The station identifies itself primarily by its translators at 104.3 and 104.5 MHz, hence the name "Gem 104".
KIXZ (940 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format.
 Licensed to Amarillo, Texas, United States, the station serves the Amarillo area.
 The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media and is licensed to Gap Broadcasting Amarillo License, LLC.
 The station features programming from ABC Radio and Fox News Radio.
 Its studios are located on Southwest 34th Avenue in Southwest Amarillo, and its transmitter tower is based southeast of the city in unincorporated Randall County.
