Cold Hard Want is the fifth full-length album by alternative rock band House of Heroes.
 It was released on Gotee Records on July 10, 2012.
 House of Heroes entered Smoakstack Studios on December 12, 2011 in order to record "Cold Hard Want".
 The band went with producer Paul Moak, who has produced artists such as Seabird, Lovedrug, Mat Kearney, after going with producer Mark Lee Townsend for the previous two albums.
 As of February 22, 2012, the record has been completely recorded and mastered.
Cold Hard Truth is the 56th studio album by American country music singer George Jones.
 The album was released on June 22, 1999 on the Asylum label.
Dirty Sweet is the debut four-track extended play released by Australian rock band Jet in November 2002 on Rubber Records.
 It was re-recorded and re-issued on 6 May 2003 by Elektra Records.
 All tracks on the EP are also on the band's debut album, "Get Born", which followed on 14 September.
 Two tracks, originally on the EP, were later issued as singles from "Get Born", "Rollover DJ" (November) and "Cold Hard Bitch" (March 2004).
"Choices" is a Grammy-award winning country music song written by Billy Yates and Mike Curtis, first recorded by Yates on his 1997 self-titled album for Almo Sounds.
 It was later covered by George Jones, who released as the first single from his album "The Cold Hard Truth" on May 8, 1999, and it peaked at number 30 on the "Billboard" country charts.
La Ronde et autres faits divers is the title of a set of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as The Round & Other Cold Hard Facts.
Cameron Thane Muncey (born 8 February 1980) is an Australian guitarist and vocalist.
 He is the mainstay lead guitarist and one of the songwriters of Melbourne-based rock band Jet which formed in 2001.
 Muncey co-wrote many of Jet's hits with Nic and Chris Cester, including "Are You Gonna Be My Girl", "Radio Song", "Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is" and "Cold Hard Bitch".
"Rollover DJ" is the second single (except in the United States, where it was the third, after "Cold Hard Bitch") by the Australian rock band Jet, from their debut album "Get Born" (14 September 2003).
 It was released in November, two months after the album, and was promoted with two different music videos.
 It reached the Top 40 on both the ARIA Singles Chart and the UK Singles Chart.
Ameibo is a web-based video on demand (VOD) company that allows its users to legally download and share movies with other paying customers.
 It is the only website in the world that pays you cold hard cash when you legally share/seed the movies you Buy or Rent from the website.
 The company aims to combat online movie piracy by imitating the common BitTorrent (protocol) technique as a way for users to only share the content with other paying users.
House of Heroes is an alternative rock band from Columbus, Ohio.
 They have released six albums: "What You Want Is Now" (2003), "House of Heroes" (2005), "The End Is Not the End" (2008), "Suburba" (2010), "Cold Hard Want" (2012), and "Colors" (2016).
 The band also released the album "Ten Months" (2001) under their original name, No Tagbacks, which had more of a punk sound than their releases as House of Heroes.
 They also re-released their self-titled record under the name of "Say No More" (2006).
 The band is composed of Tim Skipper, Colin Rigsby, A.J. Babcock, and Eric Newcomer.
"Cold Hard Bitch" is the fourth single (second in the United States) by the Australian rock group, Jet, from their 2003 album, "Get Born".
 It was released in March 2004 and was written by band-members Chris Cester, Nic Cester, and Cameron Muncey.
 On the ARIA Singles Chart in the group's native country, it reached the top 40.
