The 4th Empire Awards ceremony, presented by the British film magazine "Empire", honored the best films of 1998 and took place in 1999 at the Park Lane Hotel in London, England.
 During the ceremony, "Empire" presented Empire Awards in nine categories as well as three honorary awards.
 The honorary Movie Masterpiece award was first introduced this year.
 The awards were sponsored by Stella Artois for the second consecutive year.
Reassuringly Expensive was the Stella Artois' advertising slogan in the United Kingdom from 1982 until 2007.
 The 1990s UK television advertising campaigns became known for their distinctive style of imitating European cinema and their leitmotif taken from the score of "Jean de Florette", inspired, in turn, by Giuseppe Verdi's "La forza del destino".
 The TV campaigns began in 1991 with a series of adverts based on "Jean de Florette", directed by the British duo Anthea Benton and Vaughan Arnell, moving on to other genres including war movies, silent comedy and even surrealism (for which the slogan was changed to "Reassuringly Elephants").
 They have used notable movie directors such as Jonathan Glazer, and their aim was to portray the drink in a context of sophisticated European culture.
The 3rd Empire Awards ceremony, presented by the British film magazine "Empire", honored the best films of 1997 and took place in 1998.
 During the ceremony, "Empire" presented Empire Awards in nine categories as well as one honorary award.
 The awards were sponsored by Stella Artois for the first time.
Pierre Guy Maubouché is a French actor, voice over artist, producer and casting director.
 As a visual actor he contributed to few movies including "The Last Horror Movie", but he is better known within the industry for his voiceover skills and contributions.
 Among the better known projects to which he contributed, we can note the worldwide 'Dolce & Gabbaba Light Blue Pour Homme' TV campaign, the cult Stella Artois English TV commercial "The Hero's Return" in which all the voices (beside the main characters and the females ones) are all his, the also cult Lynx (Axe) French TV commercial, the character Raven in the French version of the game 'Metal Gear Solid', and countless other projects as seen in his own website .
 Pierre has also done voiceover work with the Blue Man Group as the voice on the How To Be a Megastar Tour.
 and provided vocals for the Schiller song Soleil De Nuit.
 Pierre Maubouche is the voice of Discovery Channel (France) and ESPN (France), and appears very regularly as a promo/ident voice on Sky, National Geographic Channel, CNN and MTV.
The 5th Empire Awards ceremony, presented by the British film magazine "Empire", honored the best films of 1999 and took place on 17 February 2000 at the Park Lane Hotel in London, England.
 During the ceremony, "Empire" presented Empire Awards in nine categories as well as five honorary awards.
 The honorary Contribution to Cinema award was introduced and presented for the only time this year.
 The honorary Movie Masterpiece Award was presented for the last time, having been presented for the first and only other time at the 4th Empire Awards in 1999.
 The awards were sponsored by Stella Artois for the third consecutive year.
David Walsh Naughton (born February 13, 1951) is an American actor and singer known for his starring roles in the 1981 horror film, "An American Werewolf in London", and the 1980 Disney comedy, "Midnight Madness" as well as for a long running "Be a Pepper" ad campaign for beverage maker Dr Pepper.
 He also starred in the short-lived sitcom "Makin' It" and sang its hit theme song "Makin' It" giving him a Top 5 hit on the Billboard charts.
Good Doctor (also credited as Doctor or Plague) is a television and cinema advertisement released in 2002 by Interbrew to promote its Stella Artois brand of lager within the United Kingdom.
 The 100-second spot was produced by advertising agency Lowe Lintas & Partners in London.
 "Good Doctor" premiered on British television in January 2002, with later appearances in cinemas.
 It is the seventh piece in the "Jean de Florette"-inspired "Reassuringly Expensive" series that had been running since 1992.
 The advert was directed by Czech director Ivan Zacharias with help from the production company Stink and post-production work by The Moving Picture Company.
 The commercial was a popular, financial, and critical success, boosting sales during the period in which it ran, and receiving more awards than any other campaign in 2002, including a Cannes Gold Lion, an Epica Award and several prizes from the D&AD Awards.
Sttellla is a Belgian band named after Stella Artois Beer.
 They formed in 1975 in Brussels.
 The lead singer is Jean-Luc Fonck.
The 1986 Stella Artois Championships was a men's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Queen's Club in London in the United Kingdom that was part of the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix circuit.
 It was the 84th edition of the tournament and ran from June 9 through June 16, 1986.
 Tim Mayotte won the singles title.
Ross Higgins (14 June 1931 – 7 October 2016) was an Australian vaudevillian, character actor, television host, comedian, singer and voice actor.
 He was best known for his role as Ted Bullpitt in the 1980s television situation comedy series Kingswood Country and brief revival Bullpitt!
, he was also a commercial advertiser who provided the voice of animated character "Louie the Fly" in the television ad campaign for Mortein, over a 50 year period (the longest running such ad in Australia) as well as Mr. Pound, when decimal currency was first introduced in Australia
