Emperor Dezong of Tang (May 27, 742 – February 25, 805), personal name Li Kuo, was an emperor of the Chinese Tang Dynasty and the oldest son of his father Emperor Daizong.
 His reign of 26 years was the third longest in the Tang dynasty (surpassed only by Emperor Xuanzong and Emperor Gaozong).
 Emperor Dezong started out as a diligent and frugal emperor and he tried to reform the governmental finances by introducing new tax laws.
 His attempts to destroy the powerful regional warlords and the subsequent mismanagement of those campaigns, however, resulted in a number of rebellions that nearly destroyed him and the Tang Dynasty.
 After those events, he dealt cautiously with the regional governors, causing warlordism to become unchecked, and his trust of eunuchs caused the eunuchs' power to rise greatly.
 He was also known for his paranoia about officials' wielding too much power, and late in his reign, he did not grant much authority to his chancellors.
The Qianling Mausoleum () is a Tang dynasty (618–907) tomb site located in Qian County, Shaanxi province, China, and is 85 km northwest from Xi'an, formerly the Tang capital.
 Built by 684 (with additional construction until 706), the tombs of the mausoleum complex house the remains of various members of the House of Li, the imperial family of the Tang dynasty.
 This includes Emperor Gaozong (r. 649–83), as well as his wife, Wu Zetian, who usurped the Tang throne and became China's only reigning female emperor from 690–705.
 The mausoleum is renowned for its many Tang dynasty stone statues located above ground and the mural paintings adorning the subterranean walls of the tombs.
 Besides the main tumulus mound and underground tomb of Emperor Gaozong and Wu Zetian, there are 17 smaller attendant tombs or "peizang mu".
 Presently, only five of these attendant tombs have been excavated by archaeologists, three belonging to members of the imperial family, one to a chancellor, and the other to a general of the left guard.
The historical area of what is modern day Xinjiang consisted of the distinct areas of the Tarim Basin (also known as Altishahr) and Dzungaria, and was populated by Indo-European Tocharians and Saka peoples, who practiced Buddhism.
 They came under Chinese rule in the Han dynasty as the Protectorate of the Western Regions due to wars between the Han dynasty and the Xiongnu and again in the Tang dynasty as the Protectorate General to Pacify the West due to wars between the Tang dynasty and the Turkic Khaganates.
 The Tang dynasty withdrew its control of Xinjiang in the Protectorate General to Pacify the West and the Four Garrisons of Anxi after the An Lushan Rebellion, after which the area was subjected to Islamification at the hands of Turkic Muslims.
Li Xiaogong (591–640), posthumously known as Prince Yuan of Hejian, often referred to by his earlier title as the Prince of Zhao Commandery, was an imperial prince and general of the Tang dynasty.
 He was a son of a cousin of Emperor Gaozu (Li Yuan), the founder of the Tang dynasty, and served as a general under Emperor Gaozu.
 He defeated Emperor Gaozu's major competitors Xiao Xi and Fu Gongshi.
 He was one of the few generals of the early Tang dynasty who had already distinguished themselves in their careers before rising to prominence during the reign of Emperor Gaozu's successor, Emperor Taizong (Li Shimin).
The military of the Tang Dynasty was staffed with a large population of Turkic soldiers, referred to as Tujue in Chinese sources.
 Tang elites in northern China were familiar with Turkic culture, a factor that contributed to the Tang acceptance of Turkic recruits.
 The Tang emperor Taizong adopted the title of "Heavenly Kaghan" and promoted a cosmopolitan empire.
 Taizong regularly recruited and promoted military officers of Turkic ancestry, whose steppe experience contributed to the western and northern expansion of the Tang empire.
 The Turkic general Ashina She'er participated in the Tang capture of the Karakhoja, Karasahr, and Kucha kingdoms in Xinjiang.
 The half-Turkic general An Lushan started a revolt that led to the decline of Tang Dynasty.
Ungjin Commandery was a colony set up for the purpose of governing the former Baekje area (present-day Chungcheong Province).
 After Tang dynasty defeat Baekje and Goguryeo, Tang dynasty shifted old territorial area of Baekje to Goguryeo, Protectorate General to Pacify the East, Ungjin Commandery and Gyerim Territory Area Command.
 Those political organizations were newly set and Tang dynasty renamed Korean peninsula as Jimi system.
Fanzhen (: "fānzhèn" ) was a governmental system involving administration through regional governors ("jiedushi)".
 The term "fanzhen" literally means "buffer town", and refers to the strategic settlement of troops in locations along the empire's border areas.
 During the Tang dynasty these settlements came under the control of provincial military commissioners, otherwise known as "jiedushi".
 As control of these "fanzhen" devolved from central authority into the hands of the local leaders, they at times became powerful enough to threaten the imperial court (618–907 CE), particularly during and after the An Lushan Rebellion.
 An Lushan, the provincial governor and military commander who started this rebellion against Emperor Xuanzong of Tang, in 755 CE, went so far as to proclaim himself emperor, in 756 CE, but, was killed by his own son in the following year and Tang power was re-established by 763 CE.
 The An Lushan Rebellion allowed many "jiedushi" on the periphery of the Tang Empire to gain significant autonomy with many becoming warlords in all but name.
 Subsequent Tang emperors were met with lukewarm success in curtailing the power of these "fanzhen", in particular, Emperor Dezong of Tang (r. 779–805 CE) who was driven from his capital, Chang'an, after an unsuccessful attempt to subjugate them.
 Subsequent Emperor Xianzong of Tang (r. 805–820 CE) was able to suppress some "fanzhen" but at the cost of further empowering the eunuchs who had come to dominate the life of the Imperial Court.
 Xianzong died in 820 CE, possibly as a result of assassination, and his successors were unable to stop the dynasty's decline.
 The ambitions of the "jiedushi", in tandem with the corruption of the Imperial Court eunuchs who dominated the central civil administration and even attained high military command under the later Tang, contributed to the disintegration of the Tang monarchy.
 A brief resurgence under emperors Wuzong and Xuānzong failed to halt the decentralization of state power, and the Tang collapsed following a further series of major peasant uprisings like the Wang Xianzhi and Huang Chao rebellions.
The conquest of the Western Turks, known as the Western Tujue in Chinese sources, was a military campaign in 657 led by the Tang Dynasty general Su Dingfang against the Western Turkic Khaganate ruled by Ashina Helu.
 The Chinese war against the Western Turks began in 640 with the annexation of the Tarim Basin oasis state Gaochang, an ally of the Western Turks.
 Several of the oasis states had once been vassals of the Tang Dynasty, but switched their allegiance to the Western Turks when they grew suspicious of the military ambitions of the Tang.
 Tang expansion into Central Asia continued with the conquest of Karasahr in 644 and Kucha in 648.
 Su Dingfang commanded the main army dispatched against the Western Turks, while the Turkic generals Ashina Mishe and Ashina Buzhen led the side divisions.
 The Tang troops were reinforced by cavalry supplied by the Uyghurs, a tribe that had been allied with the Tang since their support for the Uyghur revolt against the Xueyantuo.
 Su Dingfang's army defeated Helu at the battle of Irtysh River.
The Goguryeo–Tang War occurred from 645 to 668 and was initially fought between the Goguryeo kingdom and Tang Dynasty.
 During the course of the war the two sides allied with various other states.
 For the first decade and a half of the war, both sides were evenly matched, with Goguryeo successfully defending against the invading Tang army during the first campaign in the Goguryeo–Tang War.
 After conquering Baekje in 660, Tang and Silla armies invaded Goguryeo from the north and south in 661, but were forced to withdraw in 662.
 In 666, Yeon Gaesomun died and Goguryeo became plagued by violent dissension, numerous defections, and widespread demoralization.
 The Tang–Silla alliance mounted a fresh invasion in the following year, aided by the defector Yeon Namsaeng.
 In late 668, exhausted from numerous attacks and suffering from internal political chaos, the kingdom of Goguryeo and the remnants of Baekje army succumbed to the numerically superior armies of the Tang Dynasty and Silla.
Standing Horse is a Tang dynasty tomb figure, created during the Tang dynasty in China.
 In ancient China, numerous tomb figurines and other artefacts were designed specifically to be buried with the deceased in large burial mounds.
 This large figurine is glazed with the iconic tri-colour glaze, also known as Sancai, which is a glazing technique that is synonymous to the Tang dynasty.
