Rookie´s Diary is a novel created in Taiwan.
 It has a total of 43 episodes of approximately 1 hour each.
 It aired from July 2, 2010 to April 22, 2011.
 Its genre is comedy and it is about the military.
 The novel is about how a group of teenagers trains in the military office for 36 days.
 During these 36 days, they work really hard.
 They made new friends and had lot of fun.
 Even though, they still worked hard and became more mature when they left the military service of 36 days.
 The director of the novel is named Wang Wei.
 He is a really successful Taiwanese director around the world.
Hiiro no Kakera (緋色の欠片 , lit.
 "Scarlet Fragments") , is a Japanese visual novel created by Idea Factory directed at the female market, known as an otome game.
 Released on July 6, 2006 for the PlayStation 2, the protagonist is a teenage girl who revisits a small village she remembers from her childhood and gets caught up in her family's history and supernatural dangers surrounding it.
 A 13-episode anime adaptation by Studio Deen aired in Japan between April and June 2012 and was licensed in North America by Sentai Filmworks.
 A second season, Hiiro no Kakera: Dai Ni Shō (緋色の欠片 第二章 , lit.
 "Scarlet Fragments: Second Chapter") , began airing on October 1, 2012 to December 23, 2012.
The Leading Man is a 5-issue limited graphic novel created by B. Clay Moore and Jeremy Haun for Oni Press in 2006 and later compiled in one volume in 2007.
 Also is known as the first full-color series from the publisher.
 Universal Pictures is working on a film adaptation with Justin Lin as director.
Blovel (a portmanteau of "blog" and "novel") is a novel created from serialized blog posts.
 This differs from a blook, which is a published book that has been made from, or inspired by, blog content.
Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica (神曲奏界ポリフォニカ ) , also known as simply Polyphonica, is an all-age Japanese visual novel created by Ocelot and first released on the PC on April 28, 2006.
 Aside from the game, multiple series of light novels have been created, and a manga adaptation started in March 2007.
 An anime adaptation that aired in Japan between April to June 2007.
 Another anime adaption aired from April to June 2009, and was a prequel of the events in the first anime.
Togainu no Chi (咎狗の血 , lit.
 Blood of the Reprimanded Dog ) is a Japanese BL visual novel created by Nitro+CHiRAL.
 The plot centers on Akira, a young man who is made to participate in a deadly game called "Igura" (Russian for "game") in post-apocalyptic Japan in exchange for being freed from prison.
 His goal is to beat "Il Re" (Italian for "The King"), the strongest person in Igura.
 The game was originally released on PC as "Togainu no Chi" in 2005, with a PlayStation 2 version titled "Togainu no Chi TRUE BLOOD" being released on May 29, 2008.
 A PlayStation Portable version was released on December 23, 2010 as "Togainu no Chi True Blood Portable".
Love Get Chu (ラブゲッCHU , Rabu Gē CHU ) is a Japanese mobile phone visual novel created by ARiKO System about a group of five girls trying to become voice actresses.
 An anime adaptation entitled "Love Get Chu: Miracle Seiyū Hakusho" (ラブゲッCHU 〜ミラクル声優白書〜 , Rabu Gē CHU ~Mirakuru Seiyū Hakusho~ ) aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April 4 and September 27, 2006, containing twenty-five episodes.
Blue Spring (Japanese: 青い春 , Hepburn: Aoi Haru ) is a Japanese graphic novel created by Taiyo Matsumoto.
 It is an anthology collection of short stories, all revolving around teenage boys at high school and the lives they live.
 A live action film adaptation was released in 2001.
 The manga was licensed for an English-language release by Viz Media.
Sivagamiyin Sabatham (Tamil: , 'The vow of Sivagami' ) is a Tamil historical novel written by Kalki, first serialized in (Tamil magazine) during January 1944 June 1946, and published as a book in 1948.
 Along with Ponniyin Selvan, this is widely regarded as one of the greatest novels ever written in Tamil.
 Set in 7th-century south India against the backdrop of various historical events and figures, the novel created widespread interest in Tamil history.
 Honour, love and friendship are important themes that run through the course of the novel.
Giniro no Olynssis (銀色のオリンシス , Giniro no Orinshisu ) is a Japanese light novel created by Hitomi Amamiya, with illustrations by Hisashi Hirai.
 It was first serialized in the seinen magazine "Dengeki Maoh" in November 2006.
 An anime adaptation directed by Katsumi Tokoro and produced by Toei Animation aired in Japan from October 5, 2006 to December 21, 2006.
