A pannenkoek (plural "pannekoeken") or Dutch pancake is a style of pancake with origins in the Netherlands.
 Pannekoeken are usually larger (up to a foot in diameter) and much thinner than their American or Scotch pancake counterparts, but not as thin as Crêpes.
 They may incorporate slices of bacon, apples, cheese, or raisins.
 Plain ones are often eaten with treacle (syrup made of sugar beets), "appelstroop" (an unspiced Dutch variety of apple butter) or (powdered) sugar and are sometimes rolled up to be eaten by hand or with cutlery.
In West Bengal, Tripura, Orissa, Assam and Bangladesh (greater Bengal), fried fish or Māchh bhājā is a common delicacy eaten as a snack or fritter to go with a meal.
 Riverine fish like "bhetki", "topshey", "aarh" and "pābdā" (Ompok pābdā), and anadromous fish such as hilsa are commonly fried in Bengali cuisine, Oriya cuisine and Assamese cuisine.
 The oil used to fry the fish may often be used as a dip.
 Fried fish roe (e.g. of hilsa) are also often eaten this way.
 The fish is often deep fried such that fish bones become crispy and edible, as is the case with small fish like "Maurala" (Opio cephalus).
Next is a 2006 techno-thriller novel by Michael Crichton, the last to be published during his lifetime.
 "Next" takes place in the present world, where both the government and private investors spend billions of dollars every year on genetic research.
 The novel follows many characters, including transgenic animals, in the quest to survive in a world dominated by genetic research, corporate greed, and legal interventions.
After receiving her Ph.D. Slagboom joined the Department of Vascular and Connective Tissues Research at the Gaubius Laboratory, (TNO-PG, The Netherlands).
 As a post doc she initiated a unit for genetic epidemiological studies aimed at the identification of genetic determinants of multifactorial diseases.
 Slagboom started between 1995 and 1997 a genetic research line on osteoarthritis (OA) including linkage studies in families with early onset OA, genetic association studies in population cohorts and linkage studies in populations of affected sibling-pairs.
 From 1998 on, Slagboom, in collaboration with research groups at different universities, obtained various grants that allowed initiation of a genotyping facility for genome scanning at the Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research (TNO).
 In 2000, Slagboom was appointed as professor of molecular epidemiology at the Leiden University Medical Center.
 She established a new section of Molecular Epidemiology and Genotyping Center at the department of Medical Statistics and Bioinformatics.
 Slagboom has initiated a masterclass for Statistical Analysis of Genetic Data and Bioinformatics in Genomic Research and is involved in various teaching activities.
Indigenous Australians are the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people of Australia, descended from groups that existed in Australia and surrounding islands prior to British colonisation.
 The time of arrival of the first Indigenous Australians is a matter of debate among researchers.
 The earliest definitely human remains found in Australia are those of Mungo Man LM3 and Mungo Lady, which have been dated to around 50,000 years BP.
 Recent archaeological evidence from the analysis of charcoal and artifacts revealing human use has pushed this date back further to around 65,000 B.P. Luminescence dating has suggested habitation in Arnhem Land as far back as 60,000 years BP.
 Genetic research has inferred a date of habitation as early as 80,000 years BP.
A Jamaican patty is a pastry that contains various fillings and spices baked inside a flaky shell, often tinted golden yellow with an egg yolk mixture or turmeric.
 It is made like a turnover but is more savoury.
 As its name suggests, it is commonly found in Jamaica, and is also eaten in other areas of the Caribbean, such as the Caribbean coast Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
 It is traditionally filled with seasoned ground beef, but fillings can include chicken, pork, lamb, vegetables, shrimp, lobster, fish, soy, ackee, mixed vegetables or cheese.
 In Jamaica, the patty is often eaten as a full meal, especially when paired with coco bread.
 It can also be made as bite-sized portions called cocktail patties.
 Among the Jamaican diaspora in the UK, the pastry is more like that of a suet crust, and often made with the fat from curry goat which provides the yellow colour.
Nasi kerabu is a Malay rice dish, a type of "nasi ulam", in which blue-coloured rice is eaten with dried fish or fried chicken, crackers, pickles and other salads.
 The blue color of the rice comes from the petals of "Clitoria ternatea" (butterfly-pea) flowers "(kembang telang)" used in cooking it.
 The rice can also be cooked with plain white rice or rice cooked using turmeric.
 It is often eaten with "solok lada" and is also eaten with fried "keropok".
The mulga apple is an Australian bush tucker food, often eaten by Aborigines of Central Australia.
Genetic Alliance is a nonprofit organization, founded in 1986 by Joan O. Weiss, working with Victor A. McKusick, to advocate for health benefits in the accelerating field of genomic research.
 This organization is a network of over 1,000 disease advocacy organizations, universities, government organizations, private companies, and public policy organizations.
 They aim to advance genetic research agendas toward health benefit by engaging a broad range of stakeholders, including healthcare providers, researchers, industry professionals, public policy leaders, as well as individuals, families and communities.
 They create programs using a collaborative approach, and aim to increase efficiency and reduce obstacles in genetic research, while ensuring that voices from the involved disease communities are heard.
 They also promote public policies to advance healthcare.
 Genetic Alliance provides technical support and informational resources to guide disease-specific advocacy organizations in being their own research advocates.
 They also maintain a biobank as a central storage facility for several organizations who otherwise would not have the infrastructure to maintain their own repository.
Peanut soup or groundnut soup is a soup made from peanuts, often with various other ingredients.
 It is a staple of African cuisine but is also eaten in East Asia (Taiwan), the United States (mainly in Virginia) and other areas around the world.
 In Ghana it is often eaten with fufu.
 Groundnut soup is also a native soup of the Benin (Edo) people in Nigeria and it is often eaten with pounded yam.
 Some of the essential ingredients used in making it are Piper Guineense (uziza seed) and Vernonia Amygdalina (bitter leaf).
