WWE One Night Stand was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event, produced every June by WWE, a professional wrestling promotion based in Connecticut.
 The event was created in 2005, with its inaugural event taking place in June of that year.
 The event's name refers to its original format, that being a one night reunion show for former Extreme Championship Wrestling alumni.
 The first two shows were promoted under the ECW acronym; this however was changed for the 2007 and 2008 events.
 As WWE launched their own version of ECW in 2006, these two shows were promoted under the WWE acronym.
 The final event under the One Night Stand name was in 2008 before being renamed to Extreme Rules in 2009.
 This event was noted by WWE to be a direct continuation of the One Night Stand chronology.
 However, the 2010 event was later promoted as only the second event under a new chronology, one that is no longer a direct continuation of the One Night Stand event.
Impact: One Night Only is a series of professional wrestling events held by Impact Wrestling (formerly known as Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA)).
 Most events are taped and released later periodically as a three-hour pay-per-view broadcast.
 The series began airing in April 2013, with new PPVs released on the first Friday of every month, except for the four months each year that each feature a live TNA pay-per-view event, with the exception of Hardcore Justice 2014 which was aired on January 10, 2014.
 Every show is themed, e.g. around the X Division or tag team division.
 Promoted as individual "specials", the events—unlike the live pay-per-view events—are not connected to the storylines featured on TNA's weekly television programming nor to each other, though later One Night Only events still incorporated storylines into matches and situations.
 The concept was announced on January 11, 2013 by Impact President Dixie Carter as a part of a change to their pay-per-view programming.
 Prior to the change, Impact Wrestling held live pay-per-view events monthly.
 Jeremy Borash and Josh Mathews handle commentary duties.
One Night in Rome is a 1924 film starring Laurette Taylor.
 The film was directed by Clarence G. Badger and written J. Hartley Manners, Ms. Taylor's husband, based upon his play.
 Laurette Taylor was a great name of the American theatre, who made only three films in a triumph-studded career, all of them derived from plays by her husband.
 This was the last of those three films (the previous two had been done by Metro Pictures).
 Ms. Taylor seems to have enjoyed making "One Night in Rome" as she kept a personal print of the movie to always show guests at her home, re-running it over and over again.
One Night Only is a British entertainment show, celebrating the best of British Music.
 Myleene Klass hosted the first episode in December 2008 with the singer Tom Jones.
 Ben Shephard hosted in 2009 and 2010, which saw Rod Stewart and Phil Collins take to the stage.
 In November 2010, Fearne Cotton hosted a one-off special with Bon Jovi and in 2011 presented by Christine Bleakley featuring music from Duran Duran.
 Another episode aired in November 2014, with Rob Brydon hosting "Neil Diamond: One Night Only".
 Joanna Lumley presented the seventh episode with Bette Midler in December 2014.
WWE Extreme Rules (simply known as Extreme Rules) is a professional wrestling event produced annually by WWE, a Connecticut-based promotion, and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view (PPV) and the WWE Network.
 The name of the event stems from most matches being contested under hardcore wrestling regulations; the defunct Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) promotion originally used the term to describe the regulations for all of its matches.
 The event name was established in 2009; however, its theme began with its predecessor, One Night Stand, which was promoted in 2005 and 2006 as an ECW reunion show.
 In 2007, WWE promoted the show as one of its own regular PPV events but kept the ECW concept of Extreme Rules matches.
 In 2009, WWE renamed the One Night Stand event to WWE Extreme Rules.
 The 2009 Extreme Rules event was noted by WWE to be a direct continuation of the One Night Stand chronology.
 However, the 2010 event was later promoted as only the second event under a new chronology, one that is no longer a direct continuation of the One Night Stand events.
 Starting in 2010, Extreme Rules was moved from June to late April/early May to replace Backlash as the post-WrestleMania pay-per-view event.
 For 2013, the event was scheduled to take place in mid-May and replace Over the Limit, which was moved to October before being discontinued later that year and replaced by Battleground.
 The event will return to the early June slot of WWE's pay-per-view calendar and will be a Raw-exclusive pay-per-view event.
Elton John One Night Only – The Greatest Hits is a live album released by Elton John in 2000.
 The album was recorded on 20 and 21 October 2000 at Madison Square Garden.
 An extended version was also released as a DVD, entitled One Night Only: The Greatest Hits Live at Madison Square Garden.
 The title is "one night only" because the recording equipment failed to tape most of the audio from the first night, leaving only the second night to be recorded as an album.
 In the US, it was certified gold in July 2001 by the RIAA.
"You and Me" is a song by One Night Only, from their 2008 album "Started a Fire", released as their debut single on October 29, 2007.
 It was released on 7" vinyl and CD, reaching #46 in the following weeks UK singles chart.
 The B-side for the CD is "What's Your Melody".
 The vinyls have either "Nintendo" or "Go Go Go".
 Their video for "You and Me" was posted on MySpace.
 It was so well received that MySpace asked the band to make a short film, "One Night Only Welcomes You to Helmsley".
 They were also a MySpace featured artist and on the homepage.
 In October and November 2007, One Night Only supported The Pigeon Detectives on tour.
 In December 2007, they embarked on their own headline tour.
One Night in One City, also known as "One Night in a City" and "One Night in the City" (Czech: "Jedné noci v jednom městě" ) is a stop-motion-animated feature-length black comedy horror film from the Czech Republic.
 It was released theatrically in its home country on 25 January 2007 and features only incomprehensible mumblings instead of dialogue, much like the earlier animated feature "Krysar".
One Night Stand is a visual novel developed by Kinmoku.
 In the interactive story, players wake up from a drunken one night stand beside a stranger and must piece together the events of the previous night.
 It was based on a free game Kinmoku wrote for a game jam at itch.io.
 "One Night Stand" was released on October 20, 2016.
One Night is a live album recorded and released by ELO Part II.
 The concert was recorded on 18-19 March 1995 at the Sydney Entertainment Centre, Australia while the band was on tour.
 It was called "One Night" since ELO Part II was in Australia only for one night.
 The album's official release was UK, 1996 2 CD and US, May 20, 1997 1 CD.
