The Kahn System is an industrial construction technique for reinforcement of buildings that was engineered and patented by Julius Kahn.
 The Kahn system is an industrial construction design using the Kahn Trussed Bar as the bases.
 This steel bar was a new type of reinforcing bar used in concrete and had unique engineered features to distribute stress.
The diagrid (a portmanteau of diagonal grid) is a framework of diagonally intersecting metal, concrete or wooden beams that is used in the construction of buildings and roofs.
 It requires less structural steel than a conventional steel frame.
 Hearst Tower in New York City, designed by Norman, Lord Foster, uses 21 percent less steel than a standard design.
 The diagrid obviates the need for columns and can be used to make large column-free expanses of roofing.
 Another iconic building designed by Lord Foster, 30 St Mary Axe, known as "The Gherkin", also uses the diagrid system.
The Trussed Concrete Steel Company was a company founded by Julius Kahn, an engineer and inventor.
 The company manufactured prefabricated products for reinforced concrete beams and steel forms for building reinforced concrete floors and walls.
 Kahn invented and patented a unique new technology reinforcement system of construction called the Kahn System that was stronger, more economical, and lighter than the existing old school technology used up to that point to construct buildings.
 The old method was to use plain straight smooth steel beams or loose rods or stirrups in concrete beams and floors.
 Kahn's new technology improved system used 45 degree tab flanges or "wings" permanently attached on steel beams that distributed the tension stress for overall improvement in strength of reinforced concrete.
KickRaux was born in Portmore, Jamaica and raised in Miami, Florida.
 His early remixes led to a feature on MTV UK's "The Wrap Up".
 KickRaux replaced the name Rieces Pieces under which he produced his first remix of M.I.A. featuring Jay Z "XXXO'".
 In 2012 he produced several dancehall remixes which led to radio play on BBC Radio 1Xtra and other international radio stations across Russia, France, Canada, Australia and the Caribbean.
 In 2013, KickRaux went back to EDM bass music to collaborate and release EDM remixes which received positive reviews and support from a number or publications ("MTV Hive", "Spin Magazine", Vibe, Peace Magazine, Pigeons & Planes, The Frontliner) and DJs of the genre (Flosstradamus, Dj Carnage, Nick Catchdubs, Dirty South Joe and Swizzymack).
 This led to a US city tour which included sharing the stage with Krewella and Brillz.
 In 2013 he partnered with MTV for an Exclusive Guest Mix.
 He also partnered with MySpace for a front page release premiere
10 Lafayette Square, also known as the Tishman building, is a high-rise office tower located in Lafayette Square in Buffalo, New York.
 Completed in 1959, it is the thirteenth-tallest building in Buffalo, standing at 263 feet (80 m) and 20 stories tall.
 The building is located adjacent to the Rand Building and built in the International Style.
 The structural frames for the building are not steel, but concrete beams and columns.
 The building architects were Emery Roth & Sons of New York city.
Advertising columns or Morris columns (French: "colonne Morris" , German: "Litfaßsäule" ("Litfasssäule", the spelling used in Switzerland and Liechtenstein)) are cylindrical outdoor sidewalk structures with a characteristic style that are used for advertising and other purposes.
 They are common in the city of Berlin, Germany, where the first 100 columns were installed in 1855.
 Advertising columns were invented by the German printer Ernst Litfaß in 1854.
 Therefore, they are known as "Litfaßsäulen" (Litfaß columns), and can be found all over Germany.
Cold-formed steel (CFS) is the common term for products made by rolling or pressing steel into semi-finished or finished goods at relatively low temperatures (cold working).
 Cold-formed steel goods are created by the working of steel billet, bar, or sheet using stamping, rolling (including roll forming), or presses to deform it into a usable product.
 Cold-worked steel products, such as cold-rolled steel (CRS) bar stock and sheet, are commonly used in all areas of manufacturing of durable goods, such as appliances or automobiles, but the phrase "cold-formed steel" is most prevalently used to describe construction materials.
 The use of cold-formed steel construction materials has become more and more popular since its initial introduction of codified standards in 1946.
 In the construction industry both structural and non-structural elements are created from thin gauges of sheet steel.
 These building materials encompass columns, beams, joists, studs, floor decking, built-up sections and other components.
 Cold-formed steel construction materials differ from other steel construction materials known as hot-rolled steel (see structural steel).
 The manufacturing of cold-formed steel products occurs at room temperature using rolling or pressing.
 The strength of elements used for design is usually governed by buckling.
 The construction practices are more similar to timber framing using screws to assemble stud frames.
Hy-Rib was a brand name for a product manufactured by the Trussed Concrete Steel Company.
 It is an engineering reinforcement system for floors, walls, and ceilings of buildings and houses.
 This product is a derivative of the Kahn Trussed Bar for beams and columns that was invented by Julius Kahn.
 Kahn engineered the Hy-Rib products and they were first manufactured in 1909.
Mohammed Kahn or John Ammahail (b. 1830) was a Persian-born American soldier in the American Civil War, who was enlisted as a private in the 43rd New York Infantry and fought at the Battle of Gettysburg.
 Born in Persia and raised in Afghanistan he migrated to the US in 1861, where he soon enlisted after encouragement from some friends.
 After having fought in the Battle of Gettysburg he was separated from his unit as a Union guard arrested him because he didn't believe that non-White Kahn could really be serving in the 43rd Infantry which was a white unit.
 After his release a few days later he managed to jump a southbound train to D.C. where he rejoined his unit on the last day of the Battle of the Wilderness, where he was wounded.
 He spent the rest of the war as a sharpshooter, and applied for an army pension which was approved in 1881.
 He is one of a small number of Muslims who served in the American Civil War, and is known primarily from his pension application which is housed at the US National Archives
The Historic Arkansas Riverwalk is a riverwalk in the US city of Pueblo, Colorado, along the Arkansas River.
 The riverwalk was constructed as part of an effort to attract tourists and trade to the city.
 Its construction was inspired by the San Antonio Riverwalk in the city of San Antonio, Texas.
