Fall of Cthulhu is a 2007 American comic book series, written by Michael Alan Nelson and published in 2007 by Boom!
 Studios.
 Creatively influenced by H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos, particularly "The Call of Cthulhu", the main characters of the series find themselves swept up in an ancient and elaborate plot, designed by the dark god Nyarlathotep to provoke an apocalyptic war between powerful beings known as the Great Old Ones.
This is a list of all the antagonists and protagonists in "The Power of Five" series by Anthony Horowitz.
 The series chronicles the war between the Old Ones and the Five Gatekeepers.
 The Five are Matthew Freeman/Jesus, Pedro/Inti, Scott and Jamie Tyler (Flint and Sapling) and Scarlett Adams (Scar, or Lin Mo, the Chinese goddess of the sea).
 The Old Ones ruled the world for eighty years at the dawn of humanity, but the Five defeated them, and threw them into Hell, causing the demons to await their return for millennia.
 Two gates were built in between Earth and Hell to keep the Old Ones out - these are the focus of the series and consist of Raven's Gate, and the Nazca Desert, which is the second gate.
Scaphyglottis is a genus of orchids native to Mexico, Central America, northern South America and parts of the Caribbean.
 The current concept of this genus is the result of combining several genera which have been described at various times.
 The concept is characterized by the growth habit: not only are new pseudobulbs added at the base of the old ones (as is typical of sympodial orchids), but new pseudobulbs also grow at the apices of the old ones.
 Many species are quite similar and difficult to distinguish, but some are clearly distinct.
 A few have showy colors.
 The genus comprises nearly 70 species.
In the various game settings of Palladium Books, Alien Intelligences are fictional, vastly powerful beings of unknown origin that are stated to be a combination of equal parts spirit, magical energy, and physical flesh.
 They are said to exist on different planes of existence simultaneously, and in the Palladium hierarchy of powers, most Alien Intelligences, apart from the Vampire Intelligences, are more powerful than the mightiest Gods in Palladium.
 In fact, some of the most powerful Gods of the Palladium Megaverse were themselves spawned by the Alien Intelligences.
In Games Workshop's "Warhammer Fantasy" and "Warhammer 40,000" fictional universes, Chaos refers to the malevolent entities which live in a different timespace, known as the Warp in "Warhammer 40,000" and as the Realm of Chaos in "Warhammer Fantasy".
 The term can refer to these warp entities and their influence, the servants and worshippers of these entities, or even the parallel universe in which these entities are supposed to reside.
 The most powerful of these warp entities are those known as the Chaos Gods, also sometimes referred to as the Dark Gods, Ruinous Powers, or the Powers of Chaos.
 Similarities exist between the Warhammer idea of Chaos and the concept of Chaos from Michael Moorcock's Elric saga, which also influenced D&D's alignment system.
 Further similarities can be seen with the godlike extradimensional Great Old Ones of horror writer H. P. Lovecraft's stories.
The Old Ones (sometimes referred to in Palladium Books publications as the Great Old Ones or the Unnameable Beings) are a fictional race of Alien Intelligences within the megaversal setting of Palladium Books' game module PFRPG.
 The Old Ones are the most powerful forces ever to have existed in the various Palladium game settings, and their power dwarfs that of 'ordinary' Alien Intelligences, beings which are in general far more powerful than the gods themselves.
In the Buffyverse, the Old Ones are the extremely powerful, pure-breed demons that once dominated Earth before humankind appeared.
 Illyria is one of these demons (though its real form was revealed only in an illustration) while it's more than likely that Jasmine and her kind (The Powers That Be) ascended to their higher plane because of the growing malevolence of these warring demons.
 It's also possible that the Powers that Be were part of the same race but shared a different philosophy than the other Old Ones.
The Nabakalebara 2015 is a celebration of the ancient ritual of the Nabakalebara associated with most of the Jagannath Temples when the idols of Lord Jagannath, Balabhadra, Subhadra and Sudarshan are replaced by a new set of idols; the last such festival of events was held in 1996.
 It is a festival the period of which is chosen according to the Hindu Calendar conforming to the astrological planetary positions.
 The festival during 2015 involves several schedules, and it has started from 23 March with Banajaga Yatra (a process of search to select the neem tree to make new images to replace the old ones) and will conclude with Rathayatra followed Sunabesa (adorning the new images of gods with golden attire) on 27 July, with many other rituals being held in between on specific dates.
 More than 5 million devotees are expected to participate in these rituals held in and around the temple complex of the Jagannath Temple, Puri, Odisha.
The Unspeakable Vault (of Doom) or Weird Tales from the Old Ones is a webcomic by François Launet, which chronicles the "daily" lives of the Great Old Ones, including Cthulhu, Nyarlathotep, and Yog-Sothoth, among others.
 It takes a lighthearted view of H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos to inspire laughter rather than the more usual soul-blasting horror.
 The comic was used as the basis of the second expansion set to the Cthulhu Mythos themed version of Steve Jackson Games' card game "Munchkin".
H. P. Lovecraft created a number of fictional deities throughout the course of his literary career, including the "Great Old Ones" and the "Elder Things", with sporadic references to other miscellaneous deities (e.g. Nodens) whereas the "Outer Gods" are a later creation of other prolific writers such as August Derleth, who was credited with formalizing the "Cthulhu Mythos".
