The Pirate Fairy (previously known as Quest for the Queen) is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film directed by Peggy Holmes.
 It is the fifth direct-to-video feature-length animated film in the DisneyToon Studios' "Tinker Bell" film series and the "Disney Fairies" franchise, based on the character Tinker Bell from J. M. Barrie's "Peter and Wendy".
 The film features the voices of Mae Whitman, reprising her role of Tinker Bell, Christina Hendricks as a dust-keeper fairy named Zarina, and Tom Hiddleston as a much younger James Hook.
Secret of the Wings, also known as Tinker Bell: Secret of the Wings, is a 2012 computer-animated fantasy film, and the fourth in the "Disney Fairies" franchise, produced by DisneyToon Studios.
 It revolves around Tinker Bell, a fairy character created by J. M. Barrie in his play, "Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up", and featured in subsequent adaptations, especially in Disney's animated works, and how she ventures to the Winter Woods and meets her twin sister, Periwinkle, who is a frost fairy.
 The film was directed by Peggy Holmes, and co-directed by Bobs Gannaway.
 Starring the voices of Mae Whitman, Lucy Liu, Megan Hilty, Raven-Symoné and Angela Bartys, it also features new cast members who include Matt Lanter, Timothy Dalton, Lucy Hale and Debby Ryan, while Anjelica Huston narrates.
Shrek the Third is a 2007 American computer-animated fantasy comedy film and the third installment in the "Shrek" franchise, produced by DreamWorks Animation.
 It is the sequel to 2004's "Shrek 2", and is the first in the series to be distributed by Paramount Pictures , which acquired DreamWorks Pictures, the former parent of DreamWorks Animation, in 2006.
 Chris Miller and Raman Hui directed and co-directed the film, respectively, with the former also co-writing the screenplay with Jeffrey Price, Peter S. Seaman, and Aron Warner.
 In addition to Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Rupert Everett, Julie Andrews, and John Cleese, who reprise their roles from "Shrek 2", the film also features Justin Timberlake in the role of Arthur Pendragon and Eric Idle as Merlin.
 Harry Gregson-Williams composed the original music for the film.
 The story takes place eight months after the marriage of Shrek and Fiona in the first film.
 Reluctantly reigning over the kingdom of Far, Far Away, Shrek sets out to find the next heir to the throne—Fiona's cousin Artie, while Prince Charming is plotting to overthrow Shrek and become king.
Horton Hears a Who!
 (also known as Dr. Seuss’ Horton Hears a Who!)
 is a 2008 American computer-animated fantasy adventure comedy film based on the book of the same name by Dr. Seuss.
 Produced by Blue Sky Studios, the film was directed by Jimmy Hayward and Steve Martino and written by Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio, with music by John Powell.
 It features the voices of Jim Carrey and Steve Carell.
Shrek 2 is a 2004 American computer-animated fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Andrew Adamson, Kelly Asbury and Conrad Vernon.
 It is the sequel to 2001's "Shrek", with Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and Cameron Diaz reprising their respective voice roles of Shrek, Donkey, and Fiona from the first film, joined by Antonio Banderas, Julie Andrews, John Cleese, Rupert Everett, and Jennifer Saunders.
 Sometime after the first film, Shrek, Donkey and Fiona go to visit Fiona's parents (voiced by Andrews and Cleese), while Shrek and Donkey discover that a greedy Fairy God Mother (voiced by Saunders) is plotting to destroy Shrek and Fiona's marriage so Fiona can marry her son, Prince Charming (voiced by Everett).
 Shrek and Donkey team up with a swashing cat named Puss in Boots (voiced by Banderas) to stop her.
DreamWorks Trollhunters is an American computer-animated fantasy television series created for Netflix by Guillermo del Toro and produced by DreamWorks Animation and Double Dare You.
Shrek is a 2001 American computer-animated fantasy film loosely based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book of the same name and directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson in their directorial debut.
 It stars the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, and John Lithgow, and somewhat serves as a parody of other films adapted from numerous fairy tales, mainly animated Disney films.
Rise of the Guardians is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film based on William Joyce's "The Guardians of Childhood" book series and "The Man in the Moon" short film by Joyce and Reel FX Creative Studios.
 Peter Ramsey directed the film, while Joyce and Guillermo del Toro were executive producers with voice acting by Chris Pine, Alec Baldwin, Hugh Jackman, Isla Fisher, and Jude Law.
 Produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures, it was released on November 21, 2012 and received positive reviews, but under-performed at the box office, contributing to a studio writedown of $83 million for the quarter and the layoffs of 350 employees.
Brave is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It was directed by Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman and co-directed by Steve Purcell.
 The story is by Chapman, with the screenplay by Andrews, Purcell, Chapman and Irene Mecchi.
 The film was produced by Katherine Sarafian, with John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton, and Pete Docter as executive producers.
 The film's voice cast features Kelly Macdonald, Billy Connolly, Emma Thompson, Julie Walters, Robbie Coltrane, Kevin McKidd, and Craig Ferguson.
 Set in the Scottish Highlands, the film tells the story of a princess named Merida who defies an age-old custom, causing chaos in the kingdom by expressing the desire not to be betrothed.
Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast is a 2014 American computer-animated fantasy film directed by Steve Loter.
 It is the sixth and most recent installment in the DisneyToon Studios "Tinker Bell" film series, based on the character Tinker Bell from J. M. Barrie's "Peter and Wendy".
