Petre P. Carp (] ; also Petrache Carp, Francized "Pierre Carp", occasionally "Comte Carpe"; June 28 or 29, 1837 – June 19, 1919) was a Moldavian, later Romanian statesman, political scientist and culture critic, one of the major representatives of Romanian liberal conservatism, and twice the country's Prime Minister (1900–1901, 1910–1912).
 His youth was intertwined with the activity of "Junimea" club, which he co-founded with critic Titu Maiorescu as a literary society, and then helped transform it into a political club.
 He left behind a budding career as "Junimea"' s polemicist and cultural journalist, joining the state bureaucracy of the United Principalities, the Romanian diplomatic corps, and ultimately electoral politics.
 A speaker for aristocratic sentiment and the Romanian gentry, Carp helped create the Conservative Party from the various "White" conservative clubs (1880), but also led a "Junimist" dissident wing against the Conservative mainstream leaders Lascăr Catargiu and Gheorghe Grigore Cantacuzino.
 He was a contributor to the "Junimea" platform "Convorbiri Literare", and founder of the newspapers "Térra" (1868) and "Moldova" (1915).
"The Goat and Her Three Kids" or "The Goat with Three Kids" (Romanian: "Capra cu trei iezi" ) is an 1875 short story, fable and fairy tale by Romanian author Ion Creangă.
 Figuratively illustrating for the notions of motherly love and childish disobedience, it recounts how a family of goats is ravaged by the Big Bad Wolf, allowed inside the secured home by the oldest, most ill-behaved and least prudent of the kids.
 The only one of the children to survive is the youngest and most obedient, who then helps his mother plan her revenge on the predator, leading to a dénouement in which the wolf is tricked, burned alive and stoned to death.
Costache Negri (1812–1876) was a Moldavian, later Romanian writer, politician and revolutionary.
Mihail Kogălniceanu (] ; also known as Mihail Cogâlniceanu, Michel de Kogalnitchan; September 6, 1817 – July 1, 1891) was a Moldavian, later Romanian liberal statesman, lawyer, historian and publicist; he became Prime Minister of Romania on October 11, 1863, after the 1859 union of the Danubian Principalities under "Domnitor" Alexandru Ioan Cuza, and later served as Foreign Minister under Carol I.
 He was several times Interior Minister under Cuza and Carol.
 A polymath, Kogălniceanu was one of the most influential Romanian intellectuals of his generation.
 Siding with the moderate liberal current for most of his lifetime, he began his political career as a collaborator of Prince Mihail Sturdza, while serving as head of the Iași Theater and issuing several publications together with the poet Vasile Alecsandri and the activist Ion Ghica.
 After editing the highly influential magazine "Dacia Literară" and serving as a professor at "Academia Mihăileană", Kogălniceanu came into conflict with the authorities over his Romantic nationalist inaugural speech of 1843.
 He was the ideologue of the abortive 1848 Moldavian revolution, authoring its main document, "Dorințele partidei naționale din Moldova".
Elias Schwarzfeld or Schwartzfeld (Hebrew: אליאס (אליהו) שוורצפלד‎ ‎ ; March 7, 1855 – 1915) was a Moldavian, later Romanian Jewish historian, essayist, novelist and newspaperman, also known as a political activist and philanthropist.
 Writing in several languages (Romanian, Yiddish, French), he focused his studies on the Romanian Jewish community, while steadily publishing articles and brochures which confronted antisemitism.
 The brother of literary historian Moses Schwarzfeld, Elias was the uncle of poet-philosopher Benjamin Fondane.
Ion Roată (] ; also known as Ioan Roată or Moș Ion Roată; 1806 in Câmpuri, Vrancea County – 19 February 1882 in Gura Văii) was a Moldavian, later Romanian peasant and political figure.
 Roată was representative in the Moldavian ad hoc Divan for the peasant electoral college of Putna County.
 With "Partida Naţională", he supported the election of Alexandru Ioan Cuza as Prince of Moldavia, as well as endorsing his elections in Wallachia (leading to the union of the two Danubian Principalities, which eventually occurred on 24 January 1859).
 At the same time, he campaigned in favor of land reform in Moldavia and Romania at large.
Radu Rosetti (Francized "Rodolphe Rosetti"; September 14, 1853 – February 12, 1926) was a Moldavian, later Romanian politician, historian and novelist, father of General Radu R. Rosetti and a prominent member of the Rosetti family.
 From beginnings in traditionalist conservatism, he adopted progressive agrarian stances, and experimented with modernizing his estate in Căiuți.
 A Moldavian regionalist sitting on the left of the Conservative Party, he collaborated more or less formally with the National Liberal opposition during his tenure as prefect of Roman, Brăila, and Bacău.
 Also serving two terms in the Assembly of Deputies and briefly employed as general director of prisons, Rosetti adopted an anti-elitist and reformist discourse.
 This pitted him against Conservative chiefs such as Nicolae Filipescu and Titu Maiorescu, but he was protected by Lascăr Catargiu and, later, by Petre P. Carp.
Ion Creangă (] ; also known as Nică al lui Ștefan a Petrei, Ion Torcălău and Ioan Ștefănescu; March 1, 1837 – December 31, 1889) was a Moldavian, later Romanian writer, raconteur and schoolteacher.
 A main figure in 19th century Romanian literature, he is best known for his "Childhood Memories" volume, his novellas and short stories, and his many anecdotes. Creangă's main contribution to fantasy and children's literature includes narratives structured around eponymous protagonists ("Harap Alb", "Ivan Turbincă", "Dănilă Prepeleac", "Stan Pățitul"), as well as fairy tales indebted to conventional forms ("The Story of the Pig", "The Goat and Her Three Kids", "The Mother with Three Daughters-in-Law", "The Old Man's Daughter and the Old Woman's Daughter").
 Widely seen as masterpieces of the Romanian language and local humor, his writings occupy the middle ground between a collection of folkloric sources and an original contribution to a literary realism of rural inspiration.
 They are accompanied by a set of contributions to erotic literature, collectively known as his "corrosives".
Gheorghe Asachi (] , surname also spelled Asaki; March 1, 1788 – November 12, 1869) was a Moldavian, later Romanian prose writer, poet, painter, historian, dramatist and translator.
 An Enlightenment-educated polymath and polyglot, he was one of the most influential people of his generation.
 Asachi was a respected journalist and political figure, as well as active in technical fields such as civil engineering and pedagogy, and, for long, the civil servant charged with overseeing all Moldavian schools.
 Among his leading achievements were the issuing of "Albina Românească", a highly influential magazine, and the creation of "Academia Mihăileană", which replaced Greek-language education with teaching in Romanian.
 His literary works combined a taste for Classicism with Romantic tenets, while his version of the literary language relied on archaisms and borrowings from the Moldavian dialect.
V. A. Urechia (most common version of Vasile Alexandrescu Urechia, ] ; born Vasile Alexandrescu and also known as Urechiă, Urechea, Ureche, Popovici-Ureche or Vasile Urechea-Alexandrescu; February 15, 1834 – November 21, 1901) was a Moldavian, later Romanian historian, Romantic author of historical fiction and plays, academic and politician.
 The author of Romanian history syntheses, a noted bibliographer, heraldist, ethnographer and folklorist, he founded and managed a private school, later holding teaching positions at the University of Iaşi and University of Bucharest.
 Urechia was also one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy and, as frequent traveler to Spain and fluent speaker of Spanish, a corresponding member of the Royal Spanish Academy.
 He was the father of satirist Alceu Urechia.
