Paramount Dairies Limited (PDL), often referred to as Paramount Dairies, is a dairy processing company in Uganda.
 PDL is a leading manufacturer of Cheddar and Gouda cheeses in Uganda.
 In 2013, the Daily Monitor newspaper named this company among the 6 key milk processors in the country, out of at least 30 licensed operators.
SS "Sirius" was a Norwegian iron-hulled steamship built in Germany in 1885.
 "Sirius" spent over 55 years sailing with cargo, regular passengers and tourists between Norway and Europe, and on the Norwegian coast.
 In 1894-1895, she served a year on the Hurtigruten route on the coast of Norway, before reverting to her former duties.
Fancher is a hamlet in the town of Murray in Orleans County, New York, United States.
 It is named after Edward Fernando Fancher, a native of Durham in Greene County, New York, United States.
 Fancher was a minister and farmer who first settled in Carlton and then in Gaines before relocating to Murray.
 In 1887 he partnered with Charles F. Gwynne in the quarrying of Medina Sandstone.
 The following year he opened his own quarry on land purchased near Hulberton.
 After the establishment of a post office, the small settlement was named in Fancher's honor due to the massive quantity of sandstone shipped from the location by way of the Erie Canal and New York Central Railroad.
 Fancher served as the general manager of the Orleans County Quarry Company and was one of the more prominent quarry owners in Orleans County.
The United States Coast Survey Schooner "Hassler" was the first iron-hulled steamship used in the service of the U.S. Coast Survey.
SS "City of Peking" was an iron-hulled steamship built in 1874 by John Roach & Sons for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
 "City of Peking" and her sister ship "City of Tokio" were at the time of construction the largest vessels ever built in the United States, and the second largest in the world behind the British leviathan "Great Eastern" .
SS "Coya" is a 19th-century iron-hulled steamship on Lake Titicaca.
 After a long history carrying freight and passengers she is currently a floating restaurant.
The Orleans County Monitor was a weekly newspaper published in Barton, Vermont from January 8, 1872 to 1953.
 It was published by Ellery H. Webster in 1872.
 An American Civil War veteran, he named it after the USS "Monitor".
 George H. Blake published the paper in 1877.
 The circulation was 1,400.
 Wallace Harry Gilpin owned the paper from 1904 to 1953.
SS "Vesta" was a propeller-driven iron-hulled steamship, 250 gross tons, built in 1853 at Nantes, France by Hernoux et Cie of Dieppe for the Société Terreneuvienne of Granville in Normandy.
 That firm had extensive fishing interests in the Grand Banks area off Newfoundland, which it operated from a base in Saint Pierre Island.
 On 27 September 1854 "Vesta" was eastbound with a crew of 50, returning 147 fisherman and salters home.
 In a heavy fog, "Vesta" collided with the Collins Line passenger paddle steamer SS "Arctic".
 A ten-foot (three meter) section of "Vesta"' s bow was sheared off, but the watertight bulkhead behind the bow remained intact and kept out the sea, keeping the vessel afloat.
USS "Monitor" was an iron-hulled steamship.
 Built during the American Civil War, she was the first ironclad warship commissioned by the Union Navy.
 "Monitor" is most famous for her central role in the Battle of Hampton Roads on 9 March 1862, where, under the command of Lieutenant John Worden, she fought the casemate ironclad  (built on the hull of the former steam frigate USS "Merrimack" ) to a standstill.
 The unique design of the ship, distinguished by its revolving turret which was designed by American inventor Theodore Timby, was quickly duplicated and established the monitor type of warship.
RMS "Atrato" was a UK iron-hulled steamship.
 She was built in 1853 for the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company as a side-wheel paddle steamer, and when completed was the World's largest passenger ship.
 She was a Royal Mail Ship until 1870.
