Cathryn Sullivan is a Dallas, TX based acting coach who specializes in working with young performers.
 She is the founder and director of the Cathryn Sullivan Acting for Film Studio in Lewisville, TX.
 Cathryn has worked with performers like Demi Lovato, Selena Gomez, Debby Ryan, Thomas Mann and Hayley Orrantia.
 Cathryn's ability to nurture talent has given her a long career of coaching young actors for film and television projects.
Natural Pawz is a Houston, TX based retail company that sells natural and holistic pet foods, as well as accessories for both dogs and cats.
 Several locations also offer complete grooming packages.
No Kinda Dancer is the first album by Texas-based Folk singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen, originally released in the United States on the Austin, TX based Workshop Records label in 1984.
 A few months later, the album was issued by Philo Records and re-released in 2004 by KOCH Records with additional tracks.
 Notable for "The Front Porch Song" co-written by Lyle Lovett.
 The horn section arrangement for the title track was done by Austin-based tubist Dan Augustine, who also played on the original recorded version.
The Visitors were a Dallas, TX based punk band formed in early 1998 by the members of Fallout and a former member of the U.K. Subs.
KLST virtual channel 8 is the CBS-affiliated television station in San Angelo, Texas.
 It's owned by the Irving, TX based Nexstar Media Group; through a Local Sales Agreement, Nexstar operates KSAN-TV, the NBC affiliate in San Angelo which is owned by Mission Broadcasting.
 KLST broadcasts its digital signal on VHF channel 11, which remaps to former analog channel 8 via PSIP.
 The two stations share studios located on Armstrong Street in San Angelo and its transmitter is located near Eola.
Craig Marshall is a Austin, TX based singer-songwriter originally from Syracuse, New York.
The National Association of Marine Surveyors Inc. (NAMS) is a Houston, TX based not-for-profit educational association that aims to advance the marine surveying profession by certifying anyone with 5 years surveying experience and by providing them opportunities to enhance knowledge through ongoing professional education.
 They act as a standard-bearing organization in that their members are required to pass an open book exam on surveying fundamentals.
Hamilton Paul Traub (June 18, 1890 – July 14, 1983) was an American botanist.
 He specialized in the study of Amaryllidaceae.
 He also did horticultural studies on beans.
 dr Traub was one of the founding members of the American Amaryllis Society (now the International Bulb Society) in 1933, and for a long time the editor of its annual publication, variously called "Year Book, American Amaryllis Society", "Herbertia" and "Plant Life.
 Amaryllis Year Book".
Vetro Energy is a Singapore and Houston, TX based operating and management company with Rezart Taçi as its majority shareholder.
 Vetro Energy targets upstream oil & gas investments worldwide.
 In October, 2012, Vetro Energy bid to privatize the Albania state-owned oil company Albpetrol.
CodeLaunch is an annual competition between individuals and groups who have software technology startup ideas.
 The competition is produced by Frisco, TX based custom software consulting company Code Authority with help from some entrepreneurial sponsors around North Texas.
 The concept was founded by Code Authority in 2010 and has benefited at least 7 startup companies.
 Ideas for mobile applications are common but the competition is also open to cloud based SAAS line of business applications and any idea which would require a software development project to “launch”.
 The competition targets “embryonic” stage and “very early” stage startups.
 Well-established brands with already existing products in the marketplace are welcome, but are not the primary focus.
 The purpose of the competition is to create a medium through which the best people and ideas can connect with investors and conversely investors can find projects which they wish to support.
 Competitors are not required to give up any equity and not obligated to partner in any way.
 It does not cost anything to participate in the competition.
