Duke of Almódovar del Río ("Ducado de Almodóvar del Río") is a hereditary ducal title in the Spanish nobility which holds a Grandeeship of Spain 2nd Class.
 It was conferred on 11 July 1780 on Pedro Jiménez de Góngora, 6th Marquis of Almodóvar del Río, by King Charles III of Spain, thus raising to a dukedom the Marquiste of Almodóvar del Río.
 This title had been granted to Francisco Jiménez de Góngora y Castillejo by King Charles II of Spain, the 13 May 1667.
 Historically, the title corresponds to dominion over the area around Almodóvar del Río.
Pinar del Río Airport (IATA: QPD, ICAO: MUPR) is an abandoned airport formerly serving Pinar del Río, the capital city of the Pinar del Río Province in Cuba.
Ahuacatlán (] ) is both a municipality and a municipal seat in the Mexican state of Nayarit.
 It is located in the southeastern part of the state and has boundaries with the following municipalities: in the north with San Pedro Lagunillas, Santa María del Oro and Jala; in the south with the state of Jalisco and the municipality of Amatlán de Cañas; in the east with Ixtlán del Río, Jala and Amatlán de Cañas; and in the west with San Pedro Lagunillas.
Jose María del Río is a Spanish voice actor, known as the Narrator for the animated series Pocoyo.
Carrizo de la Ribera (] ) is a town and municipality in the Province of León, Castile and León, Spain.
 According to the 2008 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 2,554 inhabitants.
 It is situated in the western bank of the .
 In addition to Carrizo, the municipality includes the villages of Huerga del Río, La Milla del Río, Quiñones del Río and Villanueva de Carrizo.
María del Carmen Rosario Soledad Cervera y Fernández de la Guerra, Dowager Baroness Thyssen-Bornemisza de Kászon et Impérfalva (in German: "María del Carmen Rosario Soledad Freifrau von Thyssen-Bornemisza de Kászon", popularly known as Carmen "Tita" Cervera or Carmen "Tita" Thyssen) (Barcelona, 23 April 1943), daughter of Enrique Cervera Manent and his wife María del Carmen Fernández de la Guerra Álvarez (d. Madrid, 22 February 1992), is a Spanish philanthropist, socialite and art dealer and collector.
Villa de María del Río Seco (usually shortened to Villa de María, not to be confused with Villa María) is a town in the province of Córdoba, Argentina.
 It has 3,819 inhabitants per the 2001 census , and is the head town of the Río Seco Department.
 It lies in the north of the province, by National Route 9, about 27 km south of the provincial border with Santiago del Estero and 170 km north-northeast of the provincial capital Córdoba.
María del Carmen Concepción González is a Cuban politician and the Cuban Minister of Food Industries (2009–present).
 She was appointed as a result of the 2009 shake-up by Raúl Castro.
 She is a Deputy to the National Assembly of Popular Power.
 She was First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba in the Pinar del Río Province.
The monastery of Santa María del Roure, referred to as El Roure by locals, is a ruined monastery to the northwest of Pont de Molins (Alt Empordà) at the top of the Sierra de los Tramonts.
 Mostly Gothic-era portions of the building are preserved.
 Dedicated to the Virgin Mary, the various names of the sanctuary -Santa María del Roure, Canónica de Santa María del Roure, Monastery of Santa María del Roure, or according to the Cartographic Institute of Catalonia: Mare de Deu del Roure- date from the 11th or early 12th century.
 This building is indexed in the Catalan heritage register as Bé Cultural d'Interès Local (BCIL) under the reference IPA-19985.
The University of Pinar del Río "Hermanos Saiz Montes de Oca" (Spanish: "Universidad de Pinar del Río "Hermanos Saíz Montes de Oca"", UPR) is a university located in Pinar del Río, Cuba.
 It was founded in 1972.
