Randall Cunningham II, sometimes Randall Cunningham, Jr., (born January 4, 1996) is an American collegiate high jumper for the USC Trojans Men's track & field team who will be a senior during the 2017–18 school year.
 He was a high jumper and quarterback at Bishop Gorman High School.
 He is a five-time Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association (NIAA) state champion (three times in track and twice in football).
 He is a NCAA Outdoor Track Champion and 2-time All-American, U.S. Junior National Champion and Pan American Junior Athletics Championships Champion.
Kenny Frank Rose (born June 9, 1962) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League for the New York Jets, Cleveland Browns, and the Philadelphia Eagles.
 Rose graduated from Christian Brothers High School (Sacramento, California).
 He attended the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and played alongside Randall Cunningham, among others.
 Undrafted by the National Football League, Ken caught on with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
 Following two seasons there, he played a season with the Tampa Bay Bandits of the United States Football League.
 However, Rose dreamed of playing in the NFL and attended several training camps in the mid-1980s, only to be rejected each time.
 He received an opportunity with the New York Jets in 1987 during the strike by the players union, and became one of the few "scabs" to stay on the roster when the regular players returned to work.
 Rose remained with the Jets through 1989.
 In 1990, he split playing time with the Cleveland Browns and the Philadelphia Eagles, released by the Browns (along with head coach Bud Carson) after the seventh game and signing with the Eagles for their final 8 regular-season games.
 Rose remained with the Eagles through the 1994 season.
Nevada Union High School (NU) is located in the Sierra Nevada foothills northeast of California's capital, Sacramento.
 Situated between Nevada City and Grass Valley, the school serves those two incorporated cities and a large surrounding community.
 The Nevada Union High School district covers a huge geographic area, with some students bussed in from as far as 56 miles away.
 NU was named a California Distinguished School in 1997 and 2012, and in 1998 was recognized as a National Blue Ribbon High School.
 NUHS serves ninth through twelfth grade students.
 NUHS does not have an ethnically diverse student population, as 99% are Caucasian.
 It is, however, economically diverse, with 45% of families qualifying for the Free and Reduced National School Lunch Program.
Vashti Cunningham (born January 18, 1998) is an American track and field athlete specializing in the high jump.
 She is the daughter of retired National Football League (NFL) quarterback Randall Cunningham, niece of retired NFL fullback Sam Cunningham, and the younger sister of Randall Cunningham II.
 Her mother is Felicity de Jager Cunningham a former ballerina with the Dance Theatre of Harlem.
 Vashti, like her brother two years ahead of her in school, jumped for Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, Nevada until March 2016 when she signed with Nike.
 She announced she will continue her education at a university while competing as a professional athlete.
Louis John "Luke" Urban (March 22, 1898 – December 7, 1980) was an American multi-sport athlete and coach.
 He played four seasons of professional American football in the National Football League and two years of Major League Baseball with the Boston Braves.
 Urban was also a college football coach, a college and high school basketball coach, and a minor league baseball manager.
A multi-sport athlete is an athlete who competes at a high level in two or more different sports.
 Most athletes play two or more sports from a young age – especially in high school – before deciding to concentrate on just one sport.
Guo Jie (; January 16, 1912 – November 15, 2015) was a Chinese Olympic athlete who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, where he was eliminated before reaching the final of the men's discus throw event.
 A multi-sport athlete in high school, Guo was inspired to attend the Olympics after hearing about Liu Changchun's participation at the 1932 Summer Games.
 He became the national discus throw champion at the 1935 Chinese National Games and set a new national record shortly before his journey to Berlin.
Masur graduated from Columbia High School in 1980.
 He was a multi-sport athlete at Columbia, playing on the basketball and lacrosse team.
 He had his greatest success as a three-year starter on the Columbia soccer team, winning the Group IV state championship his junior and senior seasons.
 He was a Parade All-American and New Jersey State Player of the Year.
 In May 2006, Masur was elected to the Columbia High School Hall of Fame.
 In 1979, the New York Cosmos drafted Masur out of high school, but he elected to attend Rutgers University where he played on the men's soccer team from 1981 to 1984.
 He was the team's 1982 and 1983 MVP, and served as team captain from 1982 to 1984.
 Masur made the All-Regional team as a sweeper from 1982 to 1984.
 He is the only Scarlet Knight to win back-to-back All-American honors: 1983 First Team and 1984 Third Team All American.
 Masur became the third soccer player to be inducted into the Rutgers Olympic Sports Hall of Fame.
 In 1989, Rutgers retired his jersey.
Adam John Thielen (born August 22, 1990) is an American football wide receiver for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL).
 Thielen was a multi-sport athlete in high school.
 He played college football at Minnesota State University and signed with the Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2013.
Randall Wade Cunningham (born March 27, 1963) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League (NFL).
 He played in the NFL for 16 seasons, primarily with the Philadelphia Eagles.
 Cunningham is also known for his tenure with the Minnesota Vikings.
 He is the younger brother of former college and professional football player Sam Cunningham and the father of Randall Cunningham II and world champion high jumper Vashti Cunningham.
 Cunningham was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2016.
