The Wichita Wild were a professional indoor football team based in Wichita, Kansas.
 They were members of the Champions Professional Indoor Football League (CPIFL).
 The team was founded in 2006 as an independent indoor football franchise.
 In 2008, the team joined United Indoor Football (UIF).
 They joined the Indoor Football League (IFL) during the UIF and Intense Football League merger of 2009.
 In 2012, the team left the IFL to become charter members of the CPIFL.
 The Wild's home games were played at Hartman Arena in nearby Park City.
 When they lost their lease with the Hartman Arena, they folded.
.
The 2012 Wichita Wild season was the team's sixth season as a professional indoor football franchise and fourth in the Indoor Football League (IFL).
 One of sixteen teams competing in the IFL for the 2012 season, the Park City, Kansas-based Wichita Wild were members of the Intense Conference.
The 2010 Wichita Wild season was the team's fourth season as a football franchise and second in the Indoor Football League (IFL).
 One of twenty-five teams competing in the IFL for the 2010 season, the Storm were members of the Great Plains Division of the United Conference.
 The team played their home games at the Sioux Falls Arena in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
The 2011 Wichita Wild season was the team's fifth season as a professional indoor football franchise and third in the Indoor Football League (IFL).
 One of twenty-two teams competing in the IFL for the 2011 season, the Park City, Kansas-based Wichita Wild were members of the Great Plains Division of the Intense Conference.
The Wichita Force are a professional indoor football team based in Wichita, Kansas.
 They are members of the Champions Indoor Football league.
 The team was founded in 2014 as an expansion franchise.
 The Force's home games are played at Intrust Bank Arena.
 Former Wichita Wild head coach Paco Martinez and his staff were hired by the Force.
Ernesto Lacayo (born May 5, 1989) is an American football kicker who is currently a free agent.
 He played college football at Hastings College (NAIA), where he holds all kicking records in Hastings College History.
 Ernesto went undrafted in the 2011 NFL draft and signed with the Nebraska Danger (IFL) after the draft.
 After one year with the Danger, Ernesto then signed with the Louisiana Swashbucklers (PIFL) 2013.
 After the Swashbucklers folded in 2013, Ernesto then signed with the Wichita Wild (CPIFL) in 2014.
 Ernesto set an All-Arena/Indoor record of 30 field goals made in a season, and set a CPIFL record with a 55-yard field goal against the Salina Bombers.
 Ernesto also kicked a 51-yard game-winning field goal against the Dodge City Law to put the Wild in the CPIFL Championship.
 In 2014, Ernesto then signed with the Wichita Force (CIF) for the 2015 season, where he played only 10 games before being called up to play for the Las Vegas Outlaws (arena football) (AFL) in 2015.
 In 11 games with the Outlaws, Ernesto led the league point after touchdown percentage connecting on 54-of-59 (91.5%).
 In 2016, Ernesto signed with the Portland Steel (AFL).
Brandon Alexander Jordan (born September 17, 1988) is an American football player who is currently a free agent.
 He played college football at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and attended Merrillville High School in Merrillville, Indiana.
 He has also been a member of the Wichita Wild, Chicago Slaughter and BC Lions.
The 2012 Allen Wranglers season was the franchise's thirteenth season as a football franchise, third in the Indoor Football League, and second as the "Allen Wranglers".
 The team played their home games at the Allen Event Center in Allen, Texas.
 The team finished with a 9-5 regular season record.
 They reached the IFL playoffs but lost in the Intense Conference semi-finals to the Wichita Wild.
The 2014 Sioux City Bandits season was the team's fifteenth season as a professional indoor football franchise, fourteenth as the Sioux City Bandits and second as a member of Champions Professional Indoor Football League (CPIFL).
 One of nine teams in the CPIFL, the Bandits finished the regular season 9-3 to earn the number two seed in the playoffs, in which they beat the Salina Bombers, 66-37 in the semifinals, but lost the CPIFL Champions Bowl II, 46-41 to the Wichita Wild.
The 2012 Indoor Football League season was the fourth season of the Indoor Football League (IFL).
 The league lost nine teams but gained back three teams.
 The three new teams were the Cedar Rapids Titans, New Mexico Stars and the Everett Raptors.
 The season kicked off on February 19, 2012, when the Chicago Slaughter beat the Bloomington Edge 50–34.
 For the 2012 season, the IFL switched to a two-conference format with no divisions, due, in large part, to the loss of all the Texas-based teams (except the Allen Wranglers) to the newly formed Lone Star Football League.
 The Wranglers brought attention to the league for offering a US$500,000 contract to unemployed wide receiver Terrell Owens to become the team's part-owner and wide receiver.
 Owens accepted the contract.
 ESPN3 carried Owens's debut game against the Wichita Wild.
 The front office of the league saw changes as well, as Commissioner Tommy Benizio resigned.
 The league appointed assistant commissioner Robert Loving as the interim Commissioner.
