FVEY (pronounced Five Eyes) is the ninth studio album by New Zealand alternative rock band Shihad, released on 8 August 2014.
 The album debuted at number one on the New Zealand albums chart, making it Shihad's fifth New Zealand number one album.
 The chart position also makes Shihad the only New Zealand band to have five number one albums, tying them with solo artist Hayley Westenra who also has five number one albums.
Morningwood was an alternative rock band from New York City.
 Founded in 2001, it primarily consisted of Pedro Yanowitz and Chantal Claret.
 Morningwood was signed to Capitol Records and released two albums.
 Claret went solo in 2012 and folded the band.
The discography of Shihad, a New Zealand rock band, consists of nine studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, eight EPs, 34 singles and 40 music videos.
Hayley Dee Westenra (born 10 April 1987) is a New Zealand singer, classical crossover artist, songwriter, and UNICEF Ambassador.
 Her first internationally released album, "Pure", reached No. 1 on the UK classical charts in 2003 and has sold more than two million copies worldwide.
 "Pure" is the fastest-selling international début classical album to date, having made Westenra an international star at age 16.
 In August 2006, she joined the Irish group Celtic Woman, was featured on their "Celtic Woman: A New Journey" CD and DVD, toured with them on their 2007 Spring Tour, and was also featured on their DVD, "The Greatest Journey: Essential Collection", released in 2008.
 Westenra has produced five New Zealand number one studio albums, holding the title for the most number one records for any New Zealand act, a record shared with alternative rock band Shihad since the release of their 2014 album, FVEY.
The Devolve EP is the 1990 debut release by New Zealand rock band Shihad.
 The EP was originally released in 1990 on a limited run of 1000 vinyl records, and later rereleased as a limited run of CDs.
Hell City Glamours were a hard rock band from Sydney, Australia.
 They supported the likes of Paul Stanley, New York Dolls, Sebastian Bach, Alice Cooper, Shihad, and Airbourne.
 They released three EP's, a split 7" single with the Devilrock Four and were responsible for a resurgence in hard rock/rock n roll in Sydney in the early 2000s.
 In late 2008 Hell City Glamours supported The Angels on their Night Attack tour which included four special shows with Rose Tattoo and released their debut album in Europe on Classic Rock Magazine's "Powerage" label.
 In March, 2009 Hell City Glamours completed their first tour of the United States in which they played at Aussie BBQ and SXSW.
 In April 2014 they announced the release of their second and final self-titled album along with dates for their farewell tour.
 Whilst never receiving any support from radio, the Hell City Glamours were an incredibly popular live draw, known for their often sold-out, raucous live shows.
American rock band Breaking Benjamin has released five studio albums, one compilation album, three extended plays, sixteen singles and ten music videos.
 The group has sold over 7 million units in the United States alone, with three platinum records, two gold records, two multi-platinum singles, two platinum singles, and five gold singles as designated by the RIAA.
 The band signed with Hollywood Records in 2002 following the success of their independently-released eponymous EP, and began recording their first full-length major-label debut "Saturate" shortly thereafter.
 The record peaked at No. 2 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart and No. 136 on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
 It was certified gold more than thirteen years later.
 The band's sophomore effort, "We Are Not Alone", released in 2004, peaked at No. 20 on the "Billboard" 200, and was later certified platinum in the United States and gold in New Zealand.
 Breaking Benjamin's third studio album "Phobia" was released in 2006 and reached No. 2 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, No. 1 on the Digital Albums chart, No. 1 on the Rock Albums chart, and was certified platinum nearly three years after its release.
 Breaking Benjamin released their fourth record in late 2009 titled "Dear Agony", reaching No. 1 on the Hard Rock Albums and Modern Rock/Alternative Albums charts, No. 2 on the Rock Albums and Digital Albums charts, and No. 4 on the "Billboard" 200.
 The record was certified gold three months after its release and was eventually certified platinum seven years later.
Joe Lynn Turner (born Joseph Arthur Mark Linquito, August 2, 1951) is an American singer, guitarist, songwriter, and producer.
 He is known for his work in the hard rock bands Rainbow and Deep Purple.
 During his career, Turner fronted and played guitar with pop rock band Fandango in the late 1970s; and in the early 80s, he became a member of Rainbow, fronting the band and writing songs with guitarist, Ritchie Blackmore and bassist, and producer, Roger Glover.
 After Rainbow had disbanded (the first time) in March 1984, he pursued a solo career, released one album, Rescue You, and then later did session work, singing background vocals for the likes of Billy Joel, Cher, and Michael Bolton.
 On the advice of Bolton, Turner began recording jingles for radio and television.
 Other songs he had composed or through collaboration with songwriters like Desmond Child and Jack Ponti were being recorded and released by international recording artists Jimmy Barnes, Lee Aaron, and Bonfire.
 Turner had a short-lived association with neoclassical metal guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen and then Deep Purple.
 From the mid-1990s, he resumed his solo career, releasing an additional nine studio and two live recordings.
 Turner did other session work, appearing as lead vocalist on tribute albums and working on projects involving various musical groups including progressive rock band Mother's Army; Bulgarian hard rock band Brazen Abbot; funk rock duo Hughes Turner Project; and classic rock/ progressive rock band Rated X.
 In 2006, Frontiers Records approached Turner to become involved with the AOR side project Sunstorm.
 By 2016, four albums under the Sunstorm name had been released.
 That same year, Turner released "The Sessions" via Cleopatra Records featuring a veritable who's who of classic rock royalty as guest musicians, before resuming his seemingly constant touring schedule back in Europe
The Steve Miller Band is an American rock band formed in 1966 in San Francisco, California.
 The band is led by Steve Miller on guitar and lead vocals.
 It is best known today for a string of (mainly) mid-1970s hit singles that are staples of classic rock radio, as well as several earlier acid rock albums.
 Miller left his first band to move to San Francisco and form the Steve Miller Blues Band.
 Shortly after Harvey Kornspan negotiated the band’s landmark contract with Capitol Records in 1967, the band shortened its name to the Steve Miller Band.
 In February 1968, the band recorded its debut album, "Children of the Future".
 It went on to produce the albums "Sailor", "Brave New World", "Your Saving Grace", "Number 5", "Rock Love" and more.
 The band's "Greatest Hits 1974–78", released in 1978, sold over 13 million copies.
 The band continued to produce more albums and in 2014 toured with the rock band Journey.
 In 2016, Steve Miller was inducted as a solo artist in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Shihad are a rock band from New Zealand, formed in 1988.
 The band consists of Jon Toogood (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Phil Knight (lead guitar, synthesiser, backing vocals), Karl Kippenberger (bass guitar, backing vocals), and Tom Larkin (drums, backing vocals, samplers).
 During their recording career, Shihad have produced five number-one studio albums, holding the title for most number one records for any New Zealand artist, alongside Hayley Westenra, and three top-ten singles in New Zealand.
