The Iglesia del Dios Vivo, Columna y Apoyo de la Verdad, La Luz del Mundo, (English: "Church of the Living God, Column and Ground of the Truth, The Light of the World")or simply La Luz del Mundois a Christian denomination with international headquarters in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
 La Luz del Mundo (abbreviated LLDM, or sometimes The LDM) practices a form of restorationist theology centered on three leaders: founder Aarónborn EusebioJoaquín González (1896–1964), Samuel Joaquín Flores (1937–2014), and Naasón Joaquin García (born 1969).
 These three men are regarded by the Church as modern day Apostles of Jesus Christ and Servants of God.
Tazumal (/täsuːˈm äl/ ) is a pre-Columbian Maya archeological site in Chalchuapa, El Salvador.
 Tazumal is an architectural complex within the larger area of the ancient Mesoamerican city of Chalchuapa, in western El Salvador.
 The Tazumal group is located in the southern portion of the Chalchuapa archaeological zone.
 Archaeologist Stanley Boggs excavated and restored the Tazumal complex during the 1940s and 1950s.
The Mundo Perdido (Spanish for "Lost World") is the largest ceremonial complex dating from the Preclassic period at the ancient Maya city of Tikal, in the Petén Department of northern Guatemala.
 The complex was organised as a large E-Group astronomical complex consisting of a pyramid aligned with a platform to the east that supported three temples.
 The Mundo Perdido complex was rebuilt many times over the course of its history.
 By AD 250–300 its architectural style was influenced by the great metropolis of Teotihuacan in the Valley of Mexico, including the use of the "talud-tablero" form.
 During the Early Classic period (c. 250–600) the Mundo Perdido became one of the twin foci of the city, the other being the North Acropolis.
 From AD 250 to 378 it may have served as the royal necropolis.
 The Mundo Perdido complex was given its name by the archaeologists of the University of Pennsylvania.
Target One, also called T1, is an ancient Mesoamerican city described by author Douglas Preston as located in the mountains of the Mosquitia region in the easternmost part of the modern state of Honduras (this despite the fact that there are no mountains in this part of the country).
 T1 is of particular archaeological significance because unlike any other Mesoamerican city ever recorded, T1, once abandoned, was not rediscovered by either local inhabitants nor expeditionary European explorers/ conquistadors until 2013 when it was finally revealed using LIDAR technology under purely speculative premises.
Teotihuacan , also written Teotihuacán (] ,    ), is an ancient Mesoamerican city located in a sub-valley of the Valley of Mexico, located in the State of Mexico 40 km northeast of modern-day Mexico City, known today as the site of many of the most architecturally significant Mesoamerican pyramids built in the pre-Columbian Americas.
Ossu is a town in Ossu Subdistrict, Viqueque District, East Timor.
 Located 622 meters above sea level it lies approximately 13 km in a straight line north of the district capital of Viqueque and about 91 km southeast of the capital Dili.
 Ossu is surrounded by several mountains: the Monte Mundo Perdido in the west, the Builo in the south, the Matebian massif in the east and the Fatu Laritame the north.
The Sind Valley is a Himalayan sub-valley of the Kashmir Valley in the State of Jammu and Kashmir of India.
 The entrance of the Sind Valley lies 33 km northeast of Srinagar the capital of Jammu and Kashmir.
 It is a 65 km long gorge valley with an average width of 1 km .
The Lidder Valley or Liddar Valley in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India, is a Himalayan sub-valley that forms the southeastern corner of the Kashmir Valley.
 The Lidder River flows down the valley.
 The entrance to the valley lies 7 km northeast from Anantnag town and 62 km southeast from Srinagar, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir.
 It is a 40-km-long gorge valley with an average width of 3 km.
Ras (, ), known in modern Serbian historiography as Stari Ras (, meaning Old Ras), is a medieval fortress located in the vicinity of former market-place of "Staro Trgovište", some 11 km western from modern day city of Novi Pazar in Serbia.
Capacha is an archaeological site located about 6 kilometers northeast of the Colima Municipality, in Colima State, Mexico.
 This site is the heart of the ancient Mesoamerican Capacha Culture.
