Black Squirrel Radio (BSR) is an Internet radio station run by students of Kent State University, broadcasting exclusively online.
 Black Squirrel Radio is overseen by faculty from Kent State University's Journalism and Mass Communication program.
The Calabrian black squirrel ("Sciurus meridionalis") is a species of tree squirrel in the genus "Sciurus", endemic to the forests of the regions of Calabria and Basilicata, in the south of the Italian Peninsula.
 It has been long considered a subspecies of "Sciurus vulgaris", the Eurasian red squirrel, but a 2017 scientific survey brought genetic evidence of being a distinct species.
Calabria (] ; "Calàbbria " in Calabrian, "Calavría " in Calabrian Greek, Καλαβρία in Greek, "Kalavrì " in Arbëresh), known in antiquity as Bruttium, is a region in Southern Italy.
 It forms the traditionally conceptualized "toe" of the Italian Peninsula which resembles a boot.
The history of the Jews in Calabria reaches back over two millennia.
 Calabria (pronounced [kaˈlaːbrja] in Calabrian dialect, in Hebrew: קלבריה) is at the very south of the Italian peninsula, to which it is connected by the Monte Pollino massif, while on the east, south and west it is surrounded by the Ionian and Tyrrhenian seas.
 Jews have had a presence in Calabria for at least 1600 years and possibly as much as 2300 years.
 Calabrian Jews have had notable influence on many areas of Jewish life and culture.
 The Jews of Calabria are virtually identical to the neighbouring Jews of Sicily but are considered separate.
 However, the Jews of Calabria and the Jews of Apulia are historically the same community, only today are considered separate.
 Occasionally, there is confusion with the southern Jewish community in Calabria and the northern Jewish community in Reggio Emilia.
 Both communities have always been entirely separate.
The black squirrel monkey ("Saimiri vanzolinii"), also known as the blackish squirrel monkey or black-headed squirrel monkey, is a small New World primate, endemic to the central Amazon in Brazil.
 It largely resembles the female of the far more common Bolivian squirrel monkey, though the latter lacks the black central back.
The red giant flying squirrel or common giant flying squirrel ("Petaurista petaurista") is a species of flying squirrel, found in northern South Asia, southern China and Southeast Asia.
 It is a dark red colour with black extremities and can grow to a head-and-body length of 42 cm .
 The tail is long and provides stability when it glides between trees.
 It is nocturnal, feeding mainly on leaves, fruits and nuts, and occasionally insects.
 This squirrel faces no particular threats apart from ongoing destruction of suitable habitat.
 It has a wide range and is relatively common, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature lists it as a "least-concern species".
The Black Squirrel Creek Bridge carries U.S. 24 over Black Squirrel Creek in El Paso County, Colorado.
 Prior to 2012, it was locally known as the "green bridge" or "old green bridge" -- a historic single-span, Parker through truss bridge that was completed in 1935 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Because it no longer met highway safety standards, the bridge was dismantled and replaced by a newer span in 2012.
The black squirrel occurs as a "melanistic" subgroup of both the eastern gray squirrel and the fox squirrel.
 Their habitat extends throughout the Midwestern United States, in some areas of the Northeastern United States, eastern Canada, and also in the United Kingdom.
 The overall population of black squirrels is small when compared to that of the gray squirrel.
 The black fur color can occur naturally as a mutation in populations of gray squirrels, but it is rare.
 The rarity of the black squirrel has caused many people to admire them, and the black squirrels enjoy great affection in some places as mascots.
 In several U.S. states, as well as in Canada and the United Kingdom, black squirrels have been introduced into the wild in the hope of increasing their numbers.
The black-eared squirrel ("Nannosciurus melanotis") is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
 It is monotypic within the genus Nannosciurus.
 This tiny squirrel is found in forests in Borneo, Sumatra and Java.
 Except for its striking whitish and black facial markings, the black-eared squirrel resembles the least pygmy squirrel.
Letchworth Museum and Art Gallery was a museum in Letchworth Garden City, Hertfordshire, England.
 It had permanent displays dedicated to the natural history of North Hertfordshire, including the famous black squirrel, as well as its archaeology from remote prehistory to the turn of the twentieth century.
