Maya Gallus is a Canadian documentary filmmaker, and co-founder of Red Queen Productions with Justine Pimlott.
 Her films have screened at international film festivals, including Toronto International Film Festival, Montreal World Film Festival, Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival, Sheffield Doc/Fest, SEOUL International Women’s Film Festival, Singapore International Film Festival, This Human World Film Festival (Vienna) and Women Make Waves (Taiwan), among others.
 Her work has also screened at the Museum of Fine Arts (Boston), Donostia Kultura, San Sebastián and Canada House UK, as well as theatrically in Tokyo, San Francisco, Key West and Toronto, and been broadcast around the world.
 She has won numerous awards, including a Gemini Award for Best Direction for Girl Inside, and has been featured in The Guardian, UK; Ms. (Magazine), Curve (Magazine), Bust (Magazine), Salon (Magazine), POV (Magazine) and The Walrus, among others.
 She is a Director/Writer alumna of the Canadian Film Centre and a participant in Women in the Director’s Chair.
 She will be honoured with a "Focus On" retrospective at the 2017 Hot Docs festival.
Dominique Cabrera (born 21 December 1957) is a French film director.
 She has taught filmmaking at La Fémis and at Harvard University.
 Her film "Nadia et les hippopotames" was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 Additionally, her work has screened in Berlin International Film Festival, the Toronto International Film Festival, the Vienna International Film Festival, the Locarno Film Festival, the Rotterdam Film Festival, and in the New York Film Festival, among others.
Quiet Riot: Well Now You're Here, There's No Way Back is a 2015 documentary film about Los Angeles-based heavy metal and hair metal band Quiet Riot.
 The film was directed by former actress Regina Russell Banali.
 It premiered January 29, 2015, on Showtime and was screened out of competition at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival.
 The film had its festival premier at the 2014 Newport Beach Film Festival and won the Festival Honors award for "Outstanding Achievement in Filmmaking" in the music category.
 It also won "Best Music Documentary" from the Oregon Independent Film Festival, and was an official selection of The Hollywood Film Festival, the Carmel International Film Festival, Indie Memphis Film Festival, St. Louis International Film Festival, and Big Sky Documentary Film Festival.
"Lens" has been screened in several film festivals including "Clam" - "Festival" Internacional de "Cinema Solidari" South Asian International film festival Jagran film festival Chennai International Film Festival, Pune International Film Festival, Bengaluru International Film Festival , Lonavala International Film Festival, and Bioscope International Film Festival in Delhi.
 The Malayalam version was distributed by LJ Films and the Tamil version is distributed by director Vetrimaaran under his company Grassroot Film Company.
The Herd (Turkish: "Sürü" ) is a 1978 Turkish drama film, written, produced and co-directed by Yılmaz Güney with Zeki Ökten during Güney's second imprisonment, featuring Tarık Akan as a peasant, forced by a local blood feud to sell his sheep in far away Ankara.
 The film, which went on nationwide general release on  27, 1978 (1978--) , was screened in competition at the 30th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won Interfilm and OCIC Awards, the Locarno International Film Festival, where it won Golden Leopard and Special Mention, was scheduled to compete in the cancelled 17th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival, for which it received 6 Belated Golden Oranges, including Best Film and Best Director, was awarded the BFI Sutherland Trophy and was voted one of the 10 Best Turkish Films by the Ankara Cinema Association.
Wolf and Sheep is a 2016 Danish-Afghan drama film directed by Shahrbanoo Sadat.
 It was screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Art Cinema Award.
The Immortals directed by Shivendra Singh Dungarpur premiered at the 20th Busan International Film Festival in October 2015 and was also shown at the 17th Jio MAMI Mumbai Film Festival.
 It was screened as the opening film in the Documentary Section at the 21st Kolkata International Film Festival.
 "The Immortals" (2015) was selected for the National Competition Section at the 14th Mumbai International Film Festival (MIFF) 2016 and won the Special Jury Award that was presented to Shivendra Singh Dungarpur at the closing ceremony on February 3, 2016.
 The Immortals will be screened at the 30th edition of the Il Cinema Ritrovato Festival in Bologna in June 2016.
Leonardo Corbucci is an award-winning film director from Italy who is now located in Los Angeles US and member of the DGA (Directors Guild of America).
 He has won many prizes from the prestigious "Rising Star" at the Canadian International Film Festival to the "Silver Ace" at the Las Vegas International Film festival, "Best Romance" at the Best of Best Film Fest, "Best Experimental Film" at the Idie Gathering, "Best Drama" at the International Family Film Festival, "Best screenplay" at the Sunset Film Festival, "Honorable Mention" at the Queen World Film Festival, "Titoli Price" at the Murgia Film Festival, "Best Short film" at the Burbank Film Festival.
 His films have been official selections at the Venice Film Festival, Beverly Hills Film Festival, Santa Barbara Film Festival, San Diego IndieFest, Phoenix Film Festival, Riverside Film Festival, Seattle True Independent Film Festival, Ventura Film Festival, Rome Film Festival, Riverband Film Festival and screened at that Cannes Film Festival.
Loopy is a 2004 film written and directed by Seth Michael Donsky.
 It is an adaptation of a short story by Ruth Rendell.
 "Loopy" screened at the Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films, the Cinequest Film Festival and the Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival.
 "Loopy" currently airs in rotation on the Independent Film Channel.
 The tagline for the film is "A sheep in wolf's clothing!"
Volki i ovtsy.
 Be-e-e-zumnoe prevrashchenie (Russian: Волки и овцы: бе-е-е-зумное превращение ), released in English-speaking territories as Sheep & Wolves, is a 2016 Russian computer-animated fantasy-comedy film with a story containing elements of the fairytale "The Wolf and the Seven Young Kids" and the concepts of a Wolf in sheep's clothing.
 It was directed by Andrey Galat and Maxim Volkov, and stars Alexander Petrov as Grey, a young careless wolf who is wanted by the others in a pack to become its next leader.
 However, he turns in a ram after drinking a potion he received from a rabbit named Mami (Tatyana Shitova), which leads him to have to protect a colony of sheep from the wolf pack.
