Macau Peninsula is the most populous and historic part of Macau.
 It has an area of 8.5 km² (4 x ) and is geographically connected to Guangdong province, at the northeast, through an isthmus 200 m wide.
 The peninsula, together with the city centre of Zhuhai, sits on an island separated from the continent by distributaries of the Pearl River.
 The Border Gate (; Portuguese: "Portas do Cerco" ) was built on the northern isthmus.
 At the south, the peninsula is connected to Taipa Island by three bridges, the Friendship Bridge ("Ponte de Amizade"); the Macau-Taipa Bridge ("Ponte Governador Nobre de Carvalho"); and the Sai Van Bridge ("Ponte de Sai Van").
 The longest axis extends 4 km from the Border Gate to the southwestern edge, Barra (媽閣嘴).
 There is a western Inner Harbour (內港), and an eastern Outer Harbour (外港).
 The 93 m Guia Hill (松山) is the highest point on the peninsula, which is, on an average, 50 to .
 Many coastal places are reclaimed from sea.
 The Historic Centre of Macau, which is entirely in the Macau Peninsula, became a World Heritage Site in 2005.
The Amizade Bridge is a four-lane, two-way bridge in Macau that connects Macau Peninsula near the Reservatório and Taipa Island at Pac On.
Gable Island (Spanish: "Isla Gable" ) is an Argentine island part of Tierra del Fuego Province.
 The island is located on the northern side of east-west Beagle Channel less than 300 m from Tierra del Fuego Island and about 1.5 km from Chilean Navarino Island.
 The island has an irregular shape with many shoal banks extending into bays and open channel.
 The islands surface is mostly covered by Magallanic forest.
 Drumlins from the last ice age dominate topography which has allowed the formation of several small lagoons on the island.
Sai Van Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge in Macau, China, inaugurated on December 19, 2004.
 The bridge measures 2.2 km long and is the third one to cross the Praia Grande Bay connecting Taipa Island and Macau Peninsula.
 It features a double-deck design, with an enclosed lower deck to be used in the event of strong typhoons when the other two bridges connecting Taipa and Macau Peninsula, namely Ponte Governador Nobre de Carvalho and Ponte de Amizade, are closed.
 Space is also reserved in the lower deck for a rail-link in the future (Macau Light Transit System).
There is currently one island in the territory of Macau.
 It locates at the south of Macau Peninsula and at the east of the Hengqin Island of Zhujiang, Guangdong Province, China.
 The island remains unnamed since its creation in the late 1990s, after the reclamation project of Cotai which filled up the channel between the Taipa Island and Coloane Island.
Isla de Providencia or Old Providence is a mountainous Caribbean island part of the Colombian department of Archipelago of San Andrés, Providencia and Santa Catalina and the municipality of Providencia and Santa Catalina Islands, lying midway between Costa Rica and Jamaica.
 Providencia's maximum elevation is 360 m above sea level.
 The smaller Santa Catalina Island is connected by a 100-metre footbridge to its larger sister Providencia Island.
 The island is served by El Embrujo Airport.
Rinca, also known as Rincah and Rindja, is a small island near Komodo and Flores island, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia, within the West Manggarai Regency.
 It is one of the three biggest island part of Komodo National Park.
 The island is famous for Komodo dragons, giant lizards that can measure up to 3 m long.
 Rinca is also populated with many other species such as wild pigs, buffalos and many birds.
Piel railway station was the terminus of the Furness Railway's Piel Branch in Barrow-in-Furness, England that operated between 1846 and 1936.
 Located on Roa Island it was built to serve the passenger steamers at Piel Pier.
 The Roa Island causeway was specifically constructed for the railway, in turn making the island part of the British mainland.
 The station and the Piel Branch line have both been demolished, however the Roa Island Hotel which was built adjoining the station survives to this day as a Grade II listed building.
San Lorenzo Marine Archipelago National Park is a national park of Mexico located on San Lorenzo Island part of an archipelago in the Gulf of California off the eastern coast of Baja California.
 The San Lorenzo Archipelago is considered one of the most important ecological areas of the Gulf of California.
 The Island and surrounding areas are part of a rich ecosystem comprised by a grand variety of flora and marine fauna.
 This area is protected by the Mexican federal government Norma Oficial Mexicana NOM-059-SEMARNAT-2001 because of its importance as a habitat for several endangered species.
 The Archipelago is part of the municipality of Mexicali, Baja California.
 The island is located southeast of the city separated by the Salsipuedes Channel.
Macau International Airport (IATA: MFM, ICAO: VMMC) (Portuguese: Aeroporto Internacional de Macau ), is an international airport in the special administrative region of Macau, situated at the eastern end of Taipa island and neighbouring waters which opened for commercial operations on 9 November 1995, during Portuguese administration of the region.
 Since then the airport has been a common transfer point for people traveling between the Mainland and Taiwan, as well as a passenger hub for destinations in mainland China and Southeast Asia.
 During 2006, the airport handled 5 million passengers and 220,000 tonnes of cargo.
