Thornton Hough is a village in Wirral, Merseyside, England.
 It contains 39 buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England as designated listed buildings. Of these, three are listed at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade.
 The village was developed into a model village in the second half of the 19th century and the early 20th century by two industrialists, first by Joseph Hirst, a textile manufacturer from Yorkshire, and later by Lord Leverhulme, the soap manufacturer who also created the model village of Port Sunlight.
 Most of the listed buildings were constructed for them, including the two churches.
 The only listed building pre-dating the works of the industrialists are a public house, and Thornton Manor, which was greatly expanded by Lord Leverhulme.
Frederick Layton (May 18, 1827 – August 16, 1919) was an English-American businessman, philanthropist and art collector.
 He immigrated to Milwaukee, Wisconsin Territory, with his father in 1843, when the city was still a pioneer village.
 He played a major role in the creation of Milwaukee’s meat packing industry and established a trans-Atlantic business exporting his meat products to Great Britain.
 During his lifetime, he made 99 trips across the Atlantic pursuing business interests and collecting fine art in London and the other capitals of Europe.
 Throughout his life, he consistently donated his money to support local charities and Milwaukee’s art community.
 In 1888, he built the Layton Art Gallery on the corner of Mason and Jefferson Streets in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, one of the nation’s earliest single-patron public art galleries.
 By creating an endowment for the Gallery, and with donations from the Gallery Trustees and friends, Layton was personally able to purchase over 200 works of art for the Gallery before dying at the age of 92.
 Though the original building of the Layton Art Gallery no longer exists, many of Mr. Layton's purchases comprise the founding, core collection of early European and American art at the Milwaukee Art Museum.
 The Layton Art Collection Board of Trustees still supports and maintains the historic collection in collaboration with Milwaukee Art Museum staff and volunteers.
John A. Schweitzer, RCA, OSA, is a Canadian artist known for mixed-media collage incorporating text.
 He was awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal in 2002, first place at the international exhibition "Schrift und Bild in der modernen Kunst" in 2004, and an Honorary Doctor of Laws from The University of Western Ontario in 2011.
 He was elected to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts (RCA) in 2003 and to the Ontario Society of Artists (OAS) in 2006.
 His work is found in the collections of the National Gallery of Canada (Ottawa ON), Canadian Museum of History (Gatineau QC), Art Gallery of Ontario (Toronto ON), Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec (Quebec QC), Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal, Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, Glenbow Museum (Calgary AB), Winnipeg Art Gallery, Beaverbrook Art Gallery (Fredericton NB), The Rooms Art Gallery of Newfoundland and Labrador (St. John's NL), and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum (New York NY).
The Lewis Textile Museum was bequeathed to the people of Blackburn by a local cotton industrialist, Thomas Boys Lewis (1869–1942).
 The Lewis Textile Museum was closed in 2006 and a new gallery with its collection of looms and textile machinery was moved to Blackburn Museum and Art Gallery.
 The gallery which now houses the exhibits at the main Museum & Art Gallery was named "CottonTown" and opened in April 2007 by Jack Straw, the local Labour MP.
Althea Thauberger was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in 1970.
 She is currently based in Vancouver.
 Thauberger obtained her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Photography at Concordia University in 2000 and went on to complete her Master of Fine Arts at the University of Victoria in 2002.
 In 2003, Thauberger was awarded a Vancouver Arts Development Award and was a regional finalist for the Sobey Art Award.
 Her internationally produced and exhibited work typically involves interactions with a group or community that result in performances, films, videos, audio recordings and books, and involve sometimes provocative reflections of social, political, institutional and aesthetic power relations.
 Her work has been presented at the 17th Biennale of Sydney; National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa; The Andy Warhol Museum, Pittsburgh; Guangzhou Triennial, China; Manifesta 7, Trento, Italy; Morris and Helen Belkin Art Gallery, Vancouver; Vancouver Art Gallery; BAK, Utrecht; Künstlerhaus Bethanien, Berlin; Kunstverein Wolfsburg, Germany; Art Gallery of Nova Scotia, Halifax; Singapore History Museum; Presentation House Gallery, Vancouver; Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst, Antwerp; Berkeley Art Museum; Insite, San Diego/Tijuana; White Columns, New York; Seattle Art Museum and the 2012 Liverpool Biennial.
 Thauberger participated in the 2014 Biennale de Montréal.
 In 2008 Thauberger was one of eight artists in the "Exponential Futures" show at the Morris and Helen Belkin Art Gallery, alongside Tim Lee, Alex Morrison, Kevin Schmidt, Corin Sworn, Isabelle Pauwells, Elizabeth Zvonar and Marc Soo.
William Hesketh Lever, 1st Viscount Leverhulme ( ; 19 September 1851 – 7 May 1925) was an English industrialist, philanthropist, and politician.
 Having been educated at a small private school until the age of nine, then at church schools until he was fifteen; a somewhat privileged education for that time, he started work at his father's wholesale grocery business in Bolton.
 Following an apprenticeship and a series of appointments in the family business, which he successfully expanded, he began manufacturing Sunlight Soap, building a substantial business empire with many well-known brands such as Lux and Lifebuoy.
 In 1886, together with his brother, James, he established Lever Brothers, which was one of the first companies to manufacture soap from vegetable oils, and which is now part of the Anglo-Dutch transnational business Unilever.
 In politics, Lever briefly sat as a Liberal MP for Wirral and later, as Lord Leverhulme, in the House of Lords as a Peer.
 He was an advocate for expansion of the British Empire, particularly in Africa and Asia, which supplied palm oil, a key ingredient in Lever's product line.
The Lady Lever Art Gallery is a museum founded and built by the industrialist and philanthropist William Lever, 1st Viscount Leverhulme and opened in 1922.
 The museum is a significant surviving example of late Victorian and Edwardian taste.
 The Lady Lever Art Gallery is set in the garden village of Port Sunlight, close to Liverpool.
 It houses major collections of fine and decorative art that are an expression of Lord Leverhulme’s personal taste and collecting interests.
 The collection is strongest in British 19th-century painting and sculpture, spilling over to include late 18th-century and early 20th works.
 There are also important collections of English furniture, Wedgwood, especially jasperware, and Chinese ceramics, and smaller groups of other types of objects, such as Ancient Greek vases and Roman sculpture.
 The majority of objects were part of the original donation, but the collection has continued to expand at a modest rate.
The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is a public art gallery in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.
 It is named after William Maxwell "Max" Aitken, Lord Beaverbrook, who funded the building of the gallery and assembled the original collection.
 It opened in 1959 with over 300 works, including paintings by J.M.W. Turner and Salvador Dalí.
 The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is New Brunswick's officially designated provincial art gallery.
 The building has undergone several expansions, the latest of which began in 2015 and is expected to be completed in 2017.
 Gallery director and CEO Terry Graff stated that this "expansion and revitalization" aimed to make the gallery "an important destination for national and international contemporary art".
The Arkell Museum is a museum in Canajoharie, New York that has an extensive collection of American paintings, primarily from 1860–1940, as well as historical exhibits about the history of the Mohawk River Valley and of the Beech-Nut babyfood company.
 The Canjohaarie Library was founded in 1924, and a gallery was added in 1927.
 The museum was originally built to house copies of European masterpieces and original 19th-century American paintings collected by Bartlett Arkell, then the town's leading industrialist.
 Susan Finch has written of the museum, "The institution has evolved into more than just an art gallery with a library attached, but an art gallery with a small town attached.
 The roster of American painters exhibited here is astounding and completely out of scale with what you would expect from a Thruway exit between Albany and Utica."
Linda Duvall is a Canadian artist and educator based in Saskatchewan and Toronto.
 Her social art projects, exhibitions and research have taken up questions of conscience, truth, and the nature of interpersonal relationships, particularly as they are enacted through conversation.
 Her art employs photography, video, installation, performance art, and community-based research including Internet-based archiving.
 They often feature invitations for individuals or groups to participate in specific tasks involving conversation or expression.
 Overall Duvall's work investigates speech acts (such as, confessions, gossip and expressions of regret), the nature of truth, the process of grieving, intimacy and vulnerability.
 Her solo exhibitions have been hosted by Art Gallery of Hamilton, Dunlop Art Gallery, Art Gallery of Mississauga, Museo Nacional de Arte Moderno Guatemala City, Custom House Gallery Westport Ireland, Box Hotel Gallery Barcelona and Thunder Bay Art Gallery.
 She has served on a number of boards of artist-run organizations including, Paved Arts, Red Head Gallery, The Photographer's Gallery (now known as PAVED Arts), "BlackFlash" Magazine.
