The leader of Sinn Féin (alternatively known as the "Uachtarán Shinn Féin" or "President of Sinn Féin") is the most senior politician within the Sinn Féin political party in Ireland.
 Since 13 November 1983, the office has been held by Gerry Adams, following the resignation of Ruairí Ó Brádaigh as leader of the party.
The 1916 Republican National Convention was held in Chicago from June 7 to June 10.
 A major goal of the party's bosses at the convention was to heal the bitter split within the party that had occurred in the 1912 presidential campaign.
 In that year, Theodore Roosevelt bolted the GOP and formed his own political party, the Progressive Party, which contained most of the GOP's liberals.
 William Howard Taft, the incumbent president, won the nomination of the regular Republican Party.
 This split in the GOP ranks divided the Republican vote and led to the election of Democrat Woodrow Wilson.
 Although several candidates were openly competing for the 1916 nomination—most prominently conservative Senator Elihu Root of New York, Senator John W. Weeks of Massachusetts, and liberal Senator Albert Cummins of Iowa—the party's bosses wanted a moderate who would be acceptable to all factions of the party.
 They turned to Supreme Court Justice Charles Evans Hughes, who had served on the court since 1910 and thus had the advantage of not having publicly spoken about political issues in six years.
 Although he had not sought the nomination, Hughes made it known that he would not turn it down; he won the nomination on the third ballot.
 Former Vice-President Charles W. Fairbanks was nominated as his running mate.
 Hughes was the only Supreme Court Justice to be nominated for president by a major political party.
 Fairbanks (as of 2016) was the last former vice president, to be nominated for vice president.
The Iraqi National Dialogue Council is a Sunni Islamist political party initially established as an umbrella organization of approximately ten smaller Sunni parties to take part in the 2005 Iraqi Constitution drafting process.
 The party was founded by Saleh al-Mutlaq and Khalaf al-Ulayyan.
 During the Iraqi Constitution drafting negotiations in 2005, the party was advised by Sadoun al-Zubaydi, an Iraqi foreign policy expert and former personal translator to Saddam Hussein.
 In the lead-up to the December 2005 elections, Mutlaq left the National Dialogue Council and formed his own party and gave it a similar name: the Iraqi National Dialogue Front.
 'Ulayan now leads the party, which is the smallest of three parties that compose the Iraqi Accord Front ("Tawafuq") coalition.
 The parties which compose the organisation originate from Iraq's wider Arab populated region.
Sinn Féin is the third-largest political party in the Oireachtas.
 The Sinn Féin leader appoints a team of TDs and Senators to speak for the party on different issues.
 Their areas of responsibility broadly correspond to those of Government ministers.
Republican Sinn Féin or RSF (Irish: "Sinn Féin Poblachtach" ) is an Irish republican political party in Ireland.
 RSF claims to be heirs of the Sinn Féin party founded in 1905 and took its present form in 1986 following a split in Sinn Féin.
 RSF members take seats when elected to local Irish councils but do not recognise the validity of the partition of Ireland and subsequently the legitimacy of the Northern Ireland (Stormont) or Republic of Ireland (Leinster House) parliaments, so the party does not register itself with them.
The Unity Party (Ossetian: Иудзинад , Georgian: ერთიანობის , Russian: Единство ; officially, the South Ossetian Republican Political Party "Unity") is a major political party with a socially conservative ideology in South Ossetia, a partially recognized Caucasian republic, considered by most countries to be a part of Georgia.
 The Unity Party, founded in 2003, supported former President Eduard Kokoity, and was for a decade the largest political party in South Ossetia.
 After the 2009 elections, the party held 17 out of 34 seats in South Ossetia's parliament.
 It is modeled after and is closely linked to the United Russia party, with which it has signed an inter-party cooperation agreement.
 The party is a winner of the 2004 and 2009 parliamentary elections.
The Workers' Party (Irish: "Páirtí na nOibrithe" ), originally known as Official Sinn Féin, is a Marxist–Leninist political party active throughout Ireland.
 The party originated with a split between factions of Sinn Féin (which was founded in 1905) and the Irish Republican Army (IRA), which took place in 1969–70, early in the Troubles.
 The faction that broke away became known as the Provisional Irish Republican Army and Provisional Sinn Féin.
 The Officials' leaders at the time the Provisionals left were Cathal Goulding and Tomás Mac Giolla.
Sinn Féin Republican Youth (known as Ógra Shinn Féin until 2012) (Irish: "Sinn Féin Óige Phoblachtach" ) is the youth wing of the Irish political party Sinn Féin.
 SFRY is active and organised throughout Ireland and the United Kingdom.
The Volunteer Political Party (VPP) was a loyalist political party launched in Northern Ireland on 22 June 1974 by members of the then recently legalised Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF).
 The Chairman was Ken Gibson from East Belfast, an ex-internee and UVF chief of staff at the time.
 The success of the Ulster Workers Council Strike had shown some UVF leaders the political power they held and they sought to develop this potential further.
 The UVF had been banned by the unionist government in 1966, but was legalised at the same time as Sinn Féin by Labour Secretary of State Merlyn Rees in April 1974 in order to encourage a political path for Loyalist and republican paramilitary groups.
Sinn Féin (""We Ourselves"", often mistranslated as "Ourselves Alone") is the name of an Irish political party founded in 1905 by Arthur Griffith.
 It subsequently became a focus for various forms of Irish nationalism, especially Irish republicanism.
 Its splits during the Irish Civil War in 1922 and again at the beginning of the Troubles in 1969 had dramatic effects on politics in Ireland.
 Sinn Féin today is a republican, left-wing and secular party.
