Mansoor Ali Khan or Mansur Ali Khan sometimes M. A. K. Pataudi (5 January 1941, Bhopal – 22 September 2011, New Delhi), nicknamed Tiger Pataudi, was an Indian cricketer and former captain of the Indian cricket team.
 He was the titular Nawab of Pataudi from 1952 until 1971, when by the 26th Amendment to the Constitution of India the privy purses of the princes were abolished and official recognition of their titles came to an end.
 He has been described as "India’s greatest cricket captain".
 He was appointed captain of the Indian team at the age of 21 even though several other players were more experienced.
The term Nawab of Pataudi refers to the lineage of rulers of the former princely Pataudi State in Northern India.
 The princely State of Pataudi was established in 1804 by the British East India Company, when Faiz Talab Khan, an Afghan Pashtun of the Barech tribe, who was made the first Nawab, aided them in their battle against the Maratha Empire, during the Second Anglo-Maratha War.
 The dynasty traces their origin to the 16th century India, when their ancestors came from present day Afghanistan to India during the reign of the Lodhi dynasty.
Major General Nawabzada Sher Ali Khan of Pataudi (Urdu: ‎ ) HJ (13 May 1913 – 29 May 2002) was the second son of Nawab Ibrahim Ali Khan of Pataudi, in Pataudi.
 He was educated at Aitchison College, Lahore, the Prince of Wales Royal Indian Military College (RIMC), Dehradun and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
Saif Ali Khan (] ; born Sajid Ali Khan on 16 August 1970) is an Indian film actor and producer.
 The son of actress Sharmila Tagore and the late cricketer Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi, Khan made his acting debut in Yash Chopra's unsuccessful drama "Parampara" (1993), but achieved success with his roles in the romantic drama "Yeh Dillagi" and the action film "Main Khiladi Tu Anari" (both 1994).
 Khan's career prospect declined through much of the 1990s, and his biggest commercial success of the decade came with the ensemble drama "Hum Saath-Saath Hain" (1999).
 He rose to prominence with roles in two ensemble comedy-dramas"Dil Chahta Hai" (2001) and "Kal Ho Naa Ho" (2003).
The shrine of Hussain Tekri was built in the 19th century by Mohammad Iftikhar Ali Khan Bahadur, the Nawab of Jaora.
 It is situated on the outskirts of the town of Jaora in the Ratlam district of Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh, India.
Johar Ali Khan is a Classical Indian violinist.
 He is the son and disciple of the Late Ustad Gohar Ali Khan of Rampur, one of the greatest violin genius.
 He belongs to the Patiala Gharana of Rampur.
 He is the only living classical violinist from Patiala Gharana after his father - late Ustatd Gohar Ali Khan.
 His grandfather was Ustad Ali Baksh, the founder of Patiala Gharana, who has produced a number of great musicians like Bade Fateh Ali Khan, Amanat Ali Khan, Asad Amanat Ali Khan, and Hamid Ali Khan.
Iftikhar Ali Khan, sometimes I. A. K. Pataudi (16 March 1910 – 5 January 1952) was the 8th Nawab of Pataudi and the captain of the India national cricket team for the tour to England in 1946.
 His son Mansoor, known as the Nawab of Pataudi Jr., also later served as captain of the India cricket team.
The Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi Memorial Lecture was started by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on 6 February 2013.
 It was established to honour the former Indian captain Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi, who died in 2011.
 The inaugural Lecture was delivered by former captain of the Indian cricket team Sunil Gavaskar on 20 February 2013, at the Taj Coromandel hotel in Chennai.
 The BCCI indicated that the lecture would be an annual event.
Nawab Mahommed Ismail (r. 1865-1895), was the Nawab of Jaora in India and an honorary major in the British army.
 His son, Iftikhar Ali Khan, a minor at his accession, was educated at Daly College at Indore, with a British officer for his tutor, and received powers of administration in 1906.
Lt. Gen. (R) Iftikhar Ali Khan (Urdu: افتخار علی خان‎ ) (died August 22, 2009), HI(M), SBT was the former Secretary of Defense and Chief of General Staff (CGS) of the Pakistan Army.
