Samuel Holloway Bowers (August 25, 1924 – November 5, 2006), Former Ku Klux Klan Imperial Wizard, was a convicted murderer and leading white supremacist activist in Mississippi during the Civil Rights Movement.
 In response to this movement, he co-founded a reactionary organization, the White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
 Bowers committed two notorious murders of civil rights activists in southern Mississippi: The 1964 murders of Chaney, Goodman, and Schwerner near Philadelphia, for which he served six years in federal prison; and the 1966 murder of Vernon Dahmer in Hattiesburg, for which he was sentenced to life in prison 32 years after the crime.
 He also was accused of bombings of Jewish targets in the cities of Jackson and Meridian in 1967 and 1968 (according to the man who was convicted of some of the bombings, Thomas A. Tarrants III).
 He died in prison at the age of 82.
Madatharuvi case refers to a murder in Kerala, India.
 The case involved the 1966 murder of a widow named Mariyakutty.
 A priest, Fr.
 Benedict Onamkulam, was convicted of the crime.
Raya is a private, membership based community for people all over the world to connect and collaborate.
 It launched in March 2015 as an IOS application.
 Early on, many members used the application to meet other members romantically.
 The app describes itself as "A private network for people in creative industries” and in January 2017 the app launched a feature entitled "Work" that allowed members to collaborate on work related projects.
 The app asks members to apply and log in with their Instagram account causing many members to conjecture if admittance is determined by the applicant's Instagram influence and how many active Raya members follow them.
 However, many community members with small Instagram followings seem to contradict this theory and the admittance algorithm remains a mystery.
 It costs $8/month (in US dollars) to be a member of Raya.
The White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan are considered the most militant as well as the most violent chapter of the Ku Klux Klan in history.
 They originated in Mississippi in the early 1960s under the leadership of Samuel Bowers, its first Grand Wizard.
 The White Knights of Mississippi were formed in 1964, and they included roughly 200 members of the Original Knights of Louisiana.
 The White Knights were not interested in holding public demonstrations or in letting any information about themselves get out to the masses.
 Similar to the United Klans of America (UKA), the White Knights of Mississippi were very secretive about their group.
 Within a year, their membership was up to around six thousand, and they had Klaverns in over half of the counties in Mississippi.
 But by 1967, the number of active members had shrunk to around four hundred.
The national leader of the Ku Klux Klan is called either a Grand Wizard or an Imperial Wizard, depending on which KKK organization is being described.
The Alliance for Open Media (AOMedia) is a non-profit organization whose first project is to develop a new open video codec and format as a successor to VP9 and a royalty-free alternative to HEVC.
 The founding members are Amazon, Cisco, Google, Intel Corporation, Microsoft, Mozilla, and Netflix.
 The collaboration goal for the future of this joint development foundation is to "avoid more patent and licensing battles that have been a big roadblock to innovation."
 The alliance also aims to provide competition to the Moving Picture Experts Group, who provide backing for the video data compression methods most commonly in use in 2015.
 The project will release new video codecs as free software under the BSD 2-Clause License and will use elements from Daala, Thor, and VP10.
Forrest School is a public school in Chapel Hill, Tennessee.
 It serves grades 7-12 and is part of the Marshall County School District.
 The school is also known as Forrest Middle School for grades 7-8 and Forrest High School for grades 9-12.
 It is named for Nathan Bedford Forrest, a Confederate general and first Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, who was born in Chapel Hill.
The European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO) is an American organization led by former Grand Wizard of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, David Duke.
 Founded in 2000, the group has been described as white nationalist and white supremacist.
Westside High School is a public high school in Jacksonville, Florida.
 It is part of the Duval County School District and serves Jacksonville's Westside.
 The school was established in 1959 and was originally named Nathan B. Forrest High School, after Nathan Bedford Forrest, a Confederate general and first Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
 The fact that the school was named for Forrest was a point of significant controversy until the Duval County School Board changed the name in 2014.
Democratic Federation of Burma (DFB) is a political organization in Burma, advocating for democracy and human rights.
 It was founded in 1989 in Burma and was banned by the military junta in 1990.
 More than 15 top leaders were sent to jail and some sacrificed their lives in the prison.
 Many active members including the present leader Moethee Zun live in exile today.
 On February 25, 2007, DFB and eight other Burmese organizations formed the All Burma Democratic Force (ABDF) to serve the interests of Burmese people in exile and to achieve the goal of democratic transition in Burma more effectively.
 Due to the ban and repression, DFB's activity is limited to protests in exile and along the Thai border.
