Kiskiack (Lee House) is the name of an early 17th-century brick building, originally built as a private residence, which still stands at the Naval Weapons Station Yorktown in York County, Virginia.
 This brick structure, the oldest building owned by the U.S. Navy, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 It was named for the historic Kiskiack, an Algonquian-speaking tribe of the Powhatan Confederacy, who occupied this area at the time of English colonization.
Arsenal de la Carraca, also Naval Station of La Carraca, is a naval shipyard and a naval base in San Fernando, Spain.
 It is a naval base for the construction and repair of ships, and the storage and distribution of arms and ammunition.
 The first military establishment of its kind to be created in Spain under the naval policy of Felipe V, it was developed by Patiño and the Marquis de la Ensenada.
 Though work on building the shipyard began in 1720, the formal decree issued by Fernando VI on October 3, 1752 accelerated its construction until it was completed in the late 18th century.
Indian Head is a town in Charles County, Maryland, United States.
 The population was 3,844 at the 2010 U.S. Census.
 It has been the site of a naval base specializing in gun and rocket propellants since 1890.
 Production of nitrocellulose and smokeless powder began at the Indian Head Powder Factory in 1900.
 The name of the base has varied over the years from Indian Head Proving Ground, to Naval Powder Factory, to Naval Propellant Plant, to Naval Ordnance Station, to the present Naval Support Facility Indian Head.
 The facility's main tenant activity is the Indian Head Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC/IH).
 Advanced research in energetic systems takes place at NSWC/IH.
 NSWC/IH absorbed the function of the closed Naval Ordnance Laboratory, formerly in White Oak, Maryland.
 The base currently employs 3,700.
Tucker's Island was an island of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda.
 It was part of the land leased to the United States Government in 1941 for ninety-nine years for the construction of the Naval Operating Base Bermuda, a joint shipping base and naval air station.
 Tucker's Island was joined by infilling to nearby Morgan's Island, and the two were connected to the Main Island by a narrow infilling, creating a peninsula.
 The base, by then designated the "Naval Air Station Bermuda Annex", was closed in 1995 along with other US bases in Bermuda.
 After a delay while the issue of toxic waste deposits was argued between the British/Bermudian and US Governments, the land was handed back to the Government of Bermuda and allowed to return to nature pending the clean-up of toxins and a decision on its future.
 The only user of the area was the Royal Bermuda Regiment, which had begun training there when it was still a US base.
 Following public outrage at plans to develop a Jumeirah resort hotel at "Southlands", then a wooded private estate on the South Shore, the government traded the former US naval base to the developers in exchange for Southlands, most of which was designated as parkland.
 "Morgan's Point", as the former naval base is now called, is currently being cleared to make way for the new resort.
Kiskiack (or Chisiack or Chiskiack) was a Native American tribal group of the Powhatan Confederacy in what is present-day York County, Virginia.
 The name means "Wide Land" or "Bread Place" in the native language, one of the Virginia Algonquian languages.
 It was also the name of their village on the Virginia Peninsula.
The Karlskrona naval base (Swedish: "Karlskrona örlogsbas" ) is the largest naval base of the Swedish Navy.
 Located in Blekinge in southern Sweden, the base has close ties with the city of Karlskrona.
 It has an exceptionally well-sheltered location: arcs of islands provide a strong defense not only from the sea but also from land attacks.
 Two of Sweden's three naval warfare flotillas are based there.
 It contains the Marinmuseum and the Ropewalk, the longest wooden building in the country.
Fort Saint Louis (often hyphenated as Fort Saint-Louis) is a seaside fortress in Fort-de-France, Martinique.
 The present-day fort has evolved from earlier strongholds that were erected on the site as early as 1638, and has been known in previous incarnations as Fort Royal and Fort de la Republique.
 The modern-day Fort Saint Louis is both an active naval base and a listed historic site of France.
 There are daily tours of the fort, though the portion that is still a naval base is off-limits.
Huguenot Memorial Chapel and Monument is a historic church located at Manakin, Powhatan County, Virginia.
 Built in 1700 by French Huguenots, it was moved to its current location in 1710.
 It burned down in the Revolutionary War and was rebuilt with parts of the original building.
 The church building currently used was built in 1954 but the original building still stands next to the new building.
Naval Base Ventura County (NBVC) is a United States Navy base located near Oxnard, California.
 The base was formed in 2000 through the merger of Naval Air Station Point Mugu and Naval Construction Battalion Center Port Hueneme.
 NBVC is a diverse installation comprising three main facilities—Point Mugu, Port Hueneme and San Nicolas Island—and serving as an all-in-one mobilization site, deep water port, railhead, and airfield.
 NBVC supports more than 100 tenant commands with a base population of more than 19,000 personnel, making it the largest employer in Ventura County.
Morgan's Island was an island of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda.
 It was part of the land leased to the United States Government in 1941 for ninety-nine years for the construction of the Naval Operating Base Bermuda, a joint shipping base and naval air station.
 Morgan's Island was joined by infilling to nearby Tucker's Island, and the two were connected to the Main Island by a narrow infilling, creating a peninsula.
 The base, by then designated the "Naval Air Station Bermuda Annex", was closed in 1995 along with other US bases in Bermuda.
 After a delay while the issue of toxic waste deposits was argued between the British/Bermudian and US Governments, the land was handed back to the Government of Bermuda and allowed to return to nature pending the clean-up of toxins and a decision on its future.
 The only user of the area was the Royal Bermuda Regiment, which had begun training there when it was still a US base.
 Following public outrage at plans to develop a Jumeirah resort hotel at "Southlands", then a wooded private estate on the South Shore, the government traded the former US naval base to the developers in exchange for Southlands, most of which was designated as parkland.
 "Morgan's Point", as the former naval base is now called, is currently being cleared to make way for the new resort.
