Corporate synergy refers to a financial benefit that a corporation expects to realize when it merges with or acquires another corporation.
 Corporate synergy occurs when corporations interact congruently.
PRX-07034 is a selective 5-HT receptor antagonist.
 It has cognition and memory-enhancing properties and potently decreases food intake and body weight in rodents.
 PRX-07034 was under development by Epix Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of obesity and cognitive impairment associated with Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia but upon the company collapsing due to lack of funds the compound was auctioned to another corporation.
Exxon was the brand name of oil and natural resources company Exxon Corporation, prior to 1972 known as Standard Oil Company of New Jersey.
 In 1999, Exxon Corporation merged with Mobil to form ExxonMobil.
 The "Exxon" brand is still used by ExxonMobil's downstream operations as a brand for certain of its gas stations, motor fuel and related products (the highest concentration of which are located in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Texas and in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern states).
 Standard Oil Company of New Jersey was one of the Seven Sisters that dominated the global petroleum industry from the mid-1940s to the 1970s.
The Oregon and Transcontinental Company was a 19th-century holding company in the United States, organized by Henry Villard in 1881 to control the Northern Pacific Railroad and Oregon Railway and Navigation Company.
 It was incorporated in Oregon.
 New Jersey passed legislation in 1889 to facilitate the control of other companies by another corporation with a goal of encouraging trusts to convert into holding companies and relocate to that state.
 Oregon and Transcontinental in 1890 re-incorporated as a holding company in New Jersey and became the North American Company so that it could take advantage of these expanded corporate powers and invest in a wider range of businesses.
Mobil Producing Nigeria (MPN) "is one of three" Nigerian subsidiaries of the petroleum company ExxonMobil.
 It began operations in 1955.
 All of its operations are offshore, where it owns 90 platforms on 3200 km2 of territory.
 MPN is the second largest producer of crude oil in Nigeria after Shell.
 Erha field/vessel is the recent offshore deployment of ExxonMobil FPSO in Nigeria partnering with Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation.
A dummy corporation or dummy company is an entity created to serve as a front or cover for one or more companies.
 It can have the appearance of being real (logo, website, and sometimes employing actual staff), but lacks the capacity to function independently.
 The dummy corporation's sole purpose is to protect "an individual or another corporation from liability in either contract or import".
The Religious Technology Center (RTC) is an American non-profit corporation that was founded in 1982 by the Church of Scientology to control and oversee the use of all of the trademarks, symbols and texts of Scientology and Dianetics.
 Although RTC controls their use, those works are owned by another corporation, the Church of Spiritual Technology which is doing business as L. Ron Hubbard Library, registered in Los Angeles County, California.
Scott Parkin (born 1969, Garland, Texas is an anti-war, environmental and global justice organizer, former community college history instructor, and a founding member of the Houston Global Awareness Collective.
 He has been a vocal critic of the American invasion of Iraq, and of corporations such as Exxonmobil and Halliburton.
 Since 2006, he has worked as an campaigner for the Rainforest Action Network, organizing campaigns against Bank of America, Citibank, TXU and the Keystone XL Pipeline.
 He also organizes with Rising Tide North America.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky (Russian: Бори́с Абра́мович Березо́вский , 23 January 1946 – 23 March 2013) was a Russian business oligarch, government official, engineer and mathematician.
 He was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
 Berezovsky was politically opposed to the President of Russia Vladimir Putin, since Putin's election in 2000 and remained a vocal critic of Putin for the rest of his life.
 In late 2000, after the Russian Deputy Prosecutor General demanded that Berezovsky appear for questioning, he did not return from abroad and moved to the UK, which granted him political asylum in 2003.
 In Russia he was later convicted "in absentia" of fraud and embezzlement.
 The first charges were brought during Primakov's government in 1999.
 Despite an Interpol Red Notice for Berezovsky's arrest, Russia repeatedly failed to obtain the extradition of Berezovsky from Britain, which became a major point of diplomatic tension between the two countries.
Yvonne Ridley (born 23 April 1958) is a British journalist who was a chair of the National Council of the now defunct Respect Party.
 She was captured by the Taliban in 2001, and two years later converted to Islam after giving her captors an understanding that she would study Islam if they agreed to release her.
 She is a vocal supporter of Palestine, a cause she took up as a schoolgirl and is also a critic of the political ideology of Zionism and vocal critic of Western media portrayals and foreign policy in the War on Terror, and has undertaken speaking tours throughout the Muslim world as well as America, Europe and Australia.
 She has been called "something close to a celebrity in the Islamic world" by the journalist Rachel Cooke, and in 2008 was voted the "most recognisable woman in the Islamic world" by Islam Online.
