The Satchel Guide was a series of tourist's travel guide books to Europe, first published in 1872 by Hurd & Houghton of New York.
 It continued annually until at least 1939.
 Authors included William Day Crockett, Sarah Gates Crockett, William James Rolfe.
William James Rolfe, Litt.D.
 (December 10, 1827–July 7, 1910) was an American educator and Shakespearean scholar.
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie is a 2014 American independent science fiction adventure comedy film written and directed by James Rolfe and Kevin Finn.
 It is based on the web series of the same name, also created by Rolfe, with himself as the title role.
James Rolfe (born 1980) is an American actor, comedian, filmmaker and the creator of the web series "Angry Video Game Nerd".
James Rolfe, (born 8 February 1932) is a former professional footballer.
 Predominantly an outside right, Rolfe was also known for his versatility which allowed him to play in many different positions for the likes of Liverpool, Chester and Crewe Alexandra.
Beatrice Chancy is a Canadian chamber opera in four acts composed by James Rolfe.
 The libretto by George Elliott Clarke is based on his verse play of the same name.
 The opera was premiered in Toronto on 18 June 1998 by the Queen of Puddings Music Theatre Company with Measha Brueggergosman in the title role.
"Angry Video Game Nerd" (abbreviated as "AVGN") is an American web television series of comedy-themed retrogaming reviews, created by and starring James Rolfe.
 The show revolves around reviews that involve acerbic rants about low quality video games.
The Angry Video Game Nerd (abbreviated as AVGN, and originally known as The Angry Nintendo Nerd) is an American comedy retrogaming web series, created by and starring James Rolfe.
 The series centers on Rolfe's character "The Nerd", a short-tempered and foul-mouthed video game fanatic who delivers commentary and sketches on retro games he considers to be of poor quality.
 The show would later encompass reviews of gaming consoles, peripherals, and short lectures about video game history and culture.
Alfred James Rolfe (20 December 1870 - 19 December 1941) was an Englishman who emigrated to Australia to pursue a career as a cleric and teacher, becoming headmaster of Malvern School in Sydney.
James Rolfe (1821 – April 1, 1888) was an American farmer from Polk, Wisconsin who spent a single one-year term in 1855 as an independent member of the Wisconsin State Senate from the 4th District.
