Hong Kong Disneyland () is a theme park located on reclaimed land in Penny's Bay, Lantau Island.
 It is located inside the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and it is owned and managed by Hong Kong International Theme Parks.
 It is, together with Ocean Park Hong Kong, one of the two large theme parks in Hong Kong.
 Hong Kong Disneyland opened to visitors on Monday, 12 September 2005 at 13:00 HKT.
 Disney attempted to avoid problems of cultural backlash by incorporating Chinese culture, customs, and traditions when designing and building the resort, including adherence to the rules of feng shui.
 For instance, a bend was put in a walkway near the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort entrance so good qi energy wouldn't flow into the South China Sea.
The Ocean Park Conservation Foundation, Hong Kong (), often referred to by its initialism OPCFHK is the conglomerate of the former Ocean Park Conservation Foundation (OPCF) and The Hong Kong Society for Panda Conservation (HKSPC) established under the Ocean Park Corporation, with effect from 1 July 2005.
 It is a registered charitable non-governmental organisation.
Citybus Limited () is one of the three major bus operators in Hong Kong.
 It provides both franchised and non-franchised bus service.
 The franchised route network serves mainly Hong Kong Island, cross-harbour routes (between Hong Kong Island and Kowloon/New Territories), Ocean Park, North Lantau (Tung Chung and Hong Kong Disneyland) and Hong Kong International Airport.
 The non-franchised routes serve mainly City One Sha Tin.
 It also provides bus rental services and staff bus services for some large companies such as TVB and China Light and Power.
Ocean Park Halloween Bash (海洋公園哈囉喂) is an annual Halloween event held by Ocean Park Hong Kong.
 It contains haunted attractions and shows, the park area is decorated with Halloween decorations and full of Halloween characters that are dressed up by the officials.
 The Halloween Bash in Ocean Park started in 2001 and it held during late September to 1 November each year.
 It has changed to All-Day-and-Night Halloween Celebration in 2013.
Hair Raiser is a steel floorless roller coaster at Ocean Park Hong Kong in Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong, China.
 It was manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard and opened on December 8, 2011.
 It is the twelfth floorless coaster ever built.
Ocean Park Hong Kong, commonly known as Ocean Park, is a marine mammal park, oceanarium, animal theme park and amusement park situated in Wong Chuk Hang and Nam Long Shan in the Southern District of Hong Kong.
 Opened in 1977 by the then Governor of Hong Kong Sir Murray MacLehose, Ocean Park became popular but by 2005 was unprofitable and widely expected to lose out to the new Hong Kong Disneyland.
 However, the Park responded with a HK$5.5 billion development plan that saw it expand to over 80 attractions and rides, and steadily grow visitor numbers to 7.6 million in 2014, making it the world's 13th most visited theme park, and the largest theme park in Asia.
 Half of all visitors now come from mainland China, in growth that parallels rising mainland tourist visitor levels to Hong Kong over the same period.
 Since this high, visitor numbers have declined to around 6 million in 2016 under the background of declining tourist arrivals in Hong Kong.
Ocean Park () is an MTR rapid transit station in Hong Kong on the eastern section of the South Island Line, which serves Ocean Park Hong Kong.
 It opened on 28 December 2016 with the rest of the South Island Line.
Randy Dickison is a high diver who has made attempts at the world record high dive.
 In 1982 he executed a 30 m (100 feet) dive and landed head first.
 He attempted 4 world records for highest dives from 51.5 m (169 feet), 51.8 m (170 feet), 52.4 m (172 feet), and 53 m (174 feet, 8 inches).
 He attempted to set the high diving world record in 1985 with a 53.2 meter (174 feet) dive at Ocean Park Hong Kong, but fractured multiple bones of his left leg in the attempt.
The Hong Kong Disneyland Resort is a resort built and owned by Hong Kong International Theme Parks Limited, a joint venture of the Government of Hong Kong and The Walt Disney Company in Hong Kong on reclaimed land beside Penny's Bay, at the northeastern tip of Lantau Island, approximately two kilometres from Discovery Bay.
 Officially opened on 12 September 2005, the resort contains the Hong Kong Disneyland theme park, the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel, Disney's Hollywood Hotel, Disney Explorers Lodge and several retail, dining and entertainment facilities covering 1.3 km2 of the island.
Jia Jia was a female giant panda who resided at Ocean Park Hong Kong.
 At the time of her death, she was the oldest giant panda in captivity.
