The Beijing Wushu Team () is a world-renowned wushu team from Beijing, China.
 The team has produced many famous international stars such as Jet Li, Donnie Yen, Hao Zhihua, Huang Qiuyan, Zhang Hongmei and Wu Jing.
 The Beijing team members also work with movie producers to make films.
 Aside from Jet Li, many other athletes have also been featured in movies (e.g. Wang Jue has starred in "Shaolin Temple".)
 Every year, the Beijing Team performs demonstrations of wushu for the citizens of Beijing as well as visiting dignitaries.
 They have performed for former US President Jimmy Carter as well as many other foreign heads of state when they visited Beijing.
Twins Mission () is a 2007 Hong Kong martial arts-action-comedy film directed by action choreographer Kong Tao-Hoi and starring Sammo Hung, Gillian Chung, Charlene Choi and Wu Jing among others.
 The film is a bit of a spoof of the popularity and success of the Twins and leaves the audience with a cliffhanger ending.
Fatal Contact () is a 2006 Hong Kong martial arts film written, produced and directed by Dennis Law, and starring Wu Jing, Ronald Cheng, Miki Yeung, Theresa Fu, Cheung Siu-fai, Ken Lo, Andy On, Lam Suet and Timmy Hung.
 Wu Jing played Kong Ko who is trained with the fighting techniques of Sanshou martial arts, and lured into the world of illegal martial arts fighting.
The New Legend of Shaolin (; released in the United Kingdom as Legend of the Red Dragon) is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Wong Jing and Corey Yuen, and produced by Jet Li, who also starred in the lead role.
 The film was released in the Hong Kong on 3 March 1994.
 This film showcases Hung Hei-kwun's exploits as a rebel against the Qing government.
 This is one of two films in which Li and Miu Tse play a father-son duo, the other being "My Father Is a Hero."
Sanshou (Wushu Sanshou), also known as Sanda (Wushu Sanda), Chinese boxing or Chinese kickboxing, is a Chinese self-defense system and combat sport.
 Wushu Sanshou is a martial art which was originally developed by the Chinese military based upon the study and practices of traditional Kung fu and modern combat fighting techniques; it combines full-contact kickboxing, which includes close range and rapid successive punches and kicks, with wrestling, takedowns, throws, sweeps, kick catches, and in some competitions, even elbow and knee strikes.
Shaolin and Wu Tang is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by and starring Gordon Liu.
 The film is about the rivalry between the martial arts schools Shaolin and Wu Tang.
 It is also called Shaolin Vs. Wu-Tang in the Master Killer Collection.
Fearless, also known as Huo Yuanjia (霍元甲) in Chinese, and as Jet Li's Fearless in the United Kingdom and in the United States, is a 2006 Chinese-Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Ronny Yu and starring Jet Li.
 It is loosely based on the life of Huo Yuanjia, a Chinese martial artist who challenged foreign fighters in highly publicized events, restoring pride and nationalism to China at a time when Western imperialism and Japanese manipulation were eroding the country in the final years of the Qing Dynasty before the birth of the Republic of China.
 Li stated in an interview that the film was his last wushu martial arts epic, a point also made in the film's television promotions and other publicity.
DragonBlade: The Legend of Lang () is a 2005 Hong Kong 3D CGI animated adventure fantasy action comedy family martial arts film edited by Chi-Leung Kwong, written by Trevor Morris with music by Kin Law and produced by Stanley Tong.
 It is the first 3D-CGI Chinese animated feature film from Hong Kong and directed by Antony Szeto.
 It was co-produced by DCDC and China Film company, and is also considered the first 3D-rendered martial arts film.
 The film features the voices of Karen Mok, Daniel Wu, Stephen Fung and Sandra Ng.
 "DragonBlade: The Legend of Lang" was theatrically released on January 6, 2005 by ERA company and Kantana Animation and was released on DVD and VOD on December 22, 2005 by Era.
 The film earned $1,966,342 on a USD$10 million budget.
 It received a Golden Horse Awards nomination for Best Animation Feature.
Wu Jing (born 3 April 1974), sometimes credited as Jacky Wu or Jing Wu, is a Chinese martial artist, actor and director.
 Wu is best known for his roles in various martial arts films such as "Tai Chi Boxer", "Fatal Contact" and the "SPL" films, and as Leng Feng in 2017 mega-hit Chinese action film "Wolf Warriors 2".
Angie Tsang (曾思敏 or Tsang Sze-Man, born 1980) is a Hong Kong wushu athlete and child actress.
 She is best known as an Asian Games silver medalist for Wushu.
 She portrayed a young Wong Fei Hung in the 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film "Iron Monkey".
