Christopher Richard Grocock (born 30 October 1968) is an English lawyer and former professional footballer.
Sir John Lisle (1610 – 11 August 1664) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1659.
 He supported the Parliamentarian cause in the English Civil War and was one of the Regicides of King Charles I of England.
 He was assassinated by an agent of the crown while in exile in Switzerland.
The New Zealand Land Commission was a 19th-century government inquiry into the validity of claims to land purchases by European settlers from the New Zealand Māori people prior to 1840, when New Zealand was annexed to the Australian colony of New South Wales.
 The inquiry was designed to determine who owned what land, in order to formalise and regulate land ownership in the new colony.
 The commission carried out its work in two distinct sections—a three-man inquiry to examine purchases in general throughout New Zealand, and a one-man inquiry run by English lawyer William Spain to investigate just those purchases claimed by the New Zealand Company.
 The commissions were to advise the Governor of which claims were accepted, with the expectation that land owners would then be awarded a Crown grant to their property.
Christopher "Chris" Mort is an English lawyer and former chairman of Newcastle United Football Club.
Dr. Christopher Mont (1496/7–1572) was a sixteenth-century diplomat, born in Koblenz but in 1531 awarded denization in England, where he became an agent of Thomas Cromwell.
Sir Christopher Peyton was an English lawyer known for his service in Ireland where he oversaw the Peyton Survey, a preliminary investigation in preparation for the Plantation of Munster.
 He was made Auditor General of Ireland, and knighted by James I for his service.
 He was the younger son of Christopher Peyton of St Edmundsbury; his mother, Joanna (Mildmay) Peyton, was the sister of Sir Walter Mildmay, Chancellor of the Exchequer of England.
Sir Christopher Puller (1774 – 26 May 1824) was an English lawyer who was briefly Chief Justice of Bengal.
Sir John Doddridge (Doderidge or Dodderidge, etc.) (1555–1628) was an English lawyer, appointed Justice of the King's Bench in 1612 and served as Member of Parliament for Barnstaple in 1589 and for Horsham in 1604.
 He was also an antiquarian and writer.
 He acquired the nickname "the sleeping judge" from his habit of shutting his eyes while listening intently to a case.
 As a lawyer he was influenced by humanist ideas, and was familiar with the ideas of Aristotle, and the debates of the period between his followers and the Ramists.
 He was a believer in both the rationality of the English common law and in its connection with custom.
William James (13 June 1771 – 10 March 1837) was an English lawyer, surveyor, land agent and pioneer promoter of rail transport.
 According to his obituary "He was the original projector of the Liverpool & Manchester and other railways, and may with truth be considered as the father of the railway system, as he surveyed numerous lines at his own expense at a time when such an innovation was generally ridiculed."
Christopher Erle (c. 1590 – 1634) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1629.
