The U.S. Women's National Soccer Team Players Association (USWNSTPA) is a labor union representing women soccer players in the United States, including the United States women's national soccer team.
 In 2016, the union was in a dispute with the soccer league over the end date of the collective bargaining agreement.
 U.S. Soccer says the agreement goes through the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
 The Players Association maintains it can be terminated at any time.
 On March 31, 2016, five members of the U.S. Women's National Soccer Team filed a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission alleging wage discrimination as women soccer players earn less money than players on the men's team.
The Chicago Slovaks were a Chicago soccer team that was based in Berwyn, Illinois.
 They were the 1941 winners of the Kelley Cup.
 I. 1942 and 1951 the Chicago Slovaks won the Peter J. Peel Callenge Cup.
 They tied with the Vikings for the Peel cup in 1943.
 They participated in the National Soccer League and won in 1951, 1952, and 1954.
 Some of their players during that time were Pete Matevich, who earned 4 caps for the United States men's national soccer team, Bill Conterio, who was a member of the United States soccer team at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics, and also Gino Gardassanich, who played for multiple clubs in Croatia, and also earned 6 caps with the United States men's national soccer team
Lauren Gregg (born June 20, 1960) is an American soccer coach and retired soccer player who played as a defender for the United States women's national soccer team.
 She was the first-ever female assistant coach for any of the United States' national teams and was head coach of the United States women's national soccer team in 1997 and 2000.
 As head coach of the women's soccer team at the University of Virginia from 1986 to 1995, Gregg was the first woman to lead a team to the NCAA Division I Final Four and to be named NSCAA Coach of the Year.
FIFA: Road to World Cup 98 (commonly abbreviated to FIFA 98) is an association football video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts.
 It was the fifth game in the "FIFA" series and the second to be in 3D on the 32-bit machines.
 A number of different players were featured on the cover, including David Beckham in the UK, Roy Lassiter in the USA, Mexico and Brazil, David Ginola on the French cover, Raúl on the Spanish cover, Paolo Maldini on the Italian and Andreas Möller on the German cover.
 "FIFA 98" was the last "FIFA" game released for the Mega Drive in Europe.
Roy Lassiter (born March 9, 1969) is a retired American soccer striker.
 He is the father of LA Galaxy player Ariel Lassiter.
Siegbert M. Wirth (October 26, 1929 – October 12, 1999) was a U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
 He played his college soccer at Syracuse University in 1950 and then again from 1952 to 1955.
 Following his graduation from Syracuse, he entered the U.S. military.
 While he was a member of the Olympic soccer team, he did not enter a game during the tournament.
 In 1990, he took over as head coach of the Mynderse Academy Varsity Boys Soccer Team where he took a team that won 2 games the previous season to the league championship.
 He coached Mynderse for the next 6 years.
Ross Ongaro (born September 9, 1959, in Edmonton, Alberta) is a retired Canadian soccer player who earned one cap each with the Canada U-20 men's national soccer team and Canadian Olympic soccer team.
 He played professionally in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League, Western Soccer Alliance and American Indoor Soccer Association.
 He has coached extensively at the professional level and was the head coach of the Canadian Beach Soccer and Futsal Teams until September 2011.
 He has been hired by the Chinese Football Association to become their National Beach Soccer Head Coach.
Joshua Caleb Norkus (born March 14, 1979 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is an American soccer player who currently plays for the National Premier Soccer League club Puerto Rico Bayamón.
 He played professionally in Germany, Chile, Puerto Rico and the United States.
 He was a member of the United States U-17 men's national soccer team at the 1995 FIFA U-17 World Championship held in Quito, Ecuador, as well as the United States U-18 men's national soccer team and the United States U-20 men's national soccer team.
Kazbek Tambi is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who formerly coached both Seton Hall University women's soccer team and the United States U-17 women's soccer team.
 He spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League, four in the Major Indoor Soccer League and one in the American Soccer League.
 He was also a member of the U.S. Olympic soccer team at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
The United States U-23 men's national soccer team, also known as the United States men's Olympic soccer team, is a youth soccer team operated under the auspices of U.S. Soccer.
 Its primary role is qualification into and competition at the quadriennial Olympic Football Tournament, the next of which is to be held during the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
 The team's most recent major tournament was the tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics, in which the United States team did not qualify.
