Bab's Matinee Idol is a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film, based on the Mary Roberts Rinehart novels, produced by Famous Players-Lasky, and directed by J. Searle Dawley.
 This was the final film in the trilogy of "Babs" films that starred Marguerite Clark.
Bab's Diary is a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley, and starring Marguerite Clark.
 The film's scenario was written by Martha D. Foster, based on the screen story "Her Diary" by Mary Roberts Rinehart.
 This was the first in a trilogy of "Babs" films all starring Clark.
On The Broad Stairway, from Edison Studios, was a 1913 American silent film written and directed by J. Searle Dawley.
 The film was the second of three “Kate Kirby's Cases" detective tales produced in 1913 before Dawley and actress Laura Sawyer left Edison to continue the series later that year with the Famous Players Film Company.
 "On The Broad Stairway" was released in the United States on July 19, 1913.
Bab's Burglar was a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 The film followed "Bab's Diary", released on October 17, 1917, and was the second in the trilogy of "Babs" films that starred Marguerite Clark.
The Death Dance is a 1918 American film directed by J. Searle Dawley with Alice Brady as Flora Farnsworth, Holmes Herbert as Arnold Maitland, Mahlon Hamilton as Philip Standish.
A Woman's Triumph is a lost 1914 silent film drama directed by J. Searle Dawley and starring Laura Sawyer.
 It was produced by Daniel Frohman and Adolph Zukor and based on an 1818 story "The Heart of Midlothian" by Sir Walter Scott.
The Diamond Crown, from Edison Studios, was a 1913 American silent film (short) written and directed by J. Searle Dawley.
 It was the first of three “Kate Kirby's Cases" detective stories made in 1913 for Edison.
 Dawley and actress Laura Sawyer left Edison for Famous Players Film Co. later that year.
 This film was also Justina Huff's debut in motion pictures.
 "The Diamond Crown" was released in the United States on July 12, 1913.
 This film is considered “lost.”
Caprice is a 1913 silent film produced by Daniel Frohman and Adolph Zukor released by Famous Players Film Company and starring Mary Pickford.
 J. Searle Dawley directed.
 Though Zukor helped finance the film it was distributed on a 'State's Rights' arrangement primarily since no Paramount Pictures had yet to exist.
 The story of this film had been acted on the stage by a young Minnie Maddern Fiske in the 1880s, one of her earliest successes as an adult actress.
 The same story gives Pickford the chance to arise to the height of a fine actress instead of just merely a popular performer.
 This film is lost.
Frankenstein is a 1910 film made by Edison Studios.
 It was written and directed by J. Searle Dawley.
The Valentine Girl is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Searle Dawley and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 The film starred Marguerite Clark, Frank Losee and Richard Barthelmess.
 Actress Laura Sawyer wrote the screen story.
 The film is now presumed lost.
