The list of leading Thoroughbred racehorses contains the names of undefeated racehorses and other horses that had an outstanding race record in specific categories.
 Note though that many champions do not appear on the list as an unexpected defeat may be caused by many factors such as injury, illness, going, racing tactics and differences in weight carried, the latter being particularly significant in North America and Australia where handicaps are common even at the highest level of racing.
Cornelius Vanderbilt "C.V." ("Sonny") Whitney (February 20, 1899 – December 13, 1992) was an American businessman, film producer, writer, philanthropist, polo player, and government official, as well as the owner of a leading stable of thoroughbred racehorses.
The 2008 World Thoroughbred Rankings was the 2008 edition of the World Thoroughbred Rankings.
 It was an assessment of Thoroughbred racehorses issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in January 2009.
 It included horses aged three or older which competed in flat races anywhere in the world during 2008.
 It was the first edition to be open to all horses irrespective of where they raced or were trained.
 In previous years the IFHA had published two separate listings – a "Northern Hemisphere" edition in January, and a "Southern Hemisphere" version in August.
The 2012 World Thoroughbred Rankings was the 2012 edition of the World Thoroughbred Rankings.
 It was an assessment of Thoroughbred racehorses issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in January 2012.
 It included horses aged three or older which competed in flat races during 2011.
 It was open to all horses irrespective of where they raced or were trained.
The 2011 World Thoroughbred Rankings was the 2011 edition of the World Thoroughbred Rankings.
 It was an assessment of Thoroughbred racehorses issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in January 2011.
 It included horses aged three or older which competed in flat races during 2011.
 It was open to all horses irrespective of where they raced or were trained.
The 2009 World Thoroughbred Rankings was the 2009 edition of the World Thoroughbred Rankings.
 It was an assessment of Thoroughbred racehorses issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in January 2010.
 It included horses aged three or older which competed in flat races during 2009.
 It was open to all horses irrespective of where they raced or were trained.
Palm Meadows Thoroughbred Training Center is an American stable and training facility for Thoroughbred racehorses located near Boynton Beach, Florida, just north of the Gulfstream Park racetrack.
 It is owned by Stronach Group.
 It was built by MI Developments (MID) at a cost of $90 million.
 The 304 acre center opened in November 2002 and is regarded as one of horse racing's largest and most modern training centers in the United States.
Night Raid (foaled 1918 in England) was a Leading sire in Australia of Thoroughbred racehorses.
 He sired two leading racehorses, namely Phar Lap and Nightmarch.
Equix is a company in Lexington, Kentucky, founded in 1984.
 The company evaluates equine biometrics and motion through the use of high-speed digital tools for the purpose of finding athletic potential.
 Their products are used mainly on two-year-old Thoroughbred racehorses at training sales.
 Equix uses the measurements of horses in order to predict potential, and in so doing helps clients select both racehorses and breeding matches.
The 2010 World Thoroughbred Rankings was the 2010 edition of the World Thoroughbred Rankings.
 It was an assessment of Thoroughbred racehorses issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in January 2011.
 It included horses aged three or older which competed in flat races during 2010.
 It was open to all horses irrespective of where they raced or were trained.
