The Hawker Tornado was a British single-seat fighter aircraft design of World War II for the Royal Air Force as a replacement for the Hawker Hurricane.
 The planned production of Tornados was cancelled after the engine it was designed to use—the Rolls-Royce Vulture—proved unreliable in service.
 A parallel airframe with the Napier Sabre continued into production as the Hawker Typhoon.
The Battle of Britain Memorial Flight (BBMF) is a Royal Air Force flight which provides an aerial display group usually comprising an Avro Lancaster, a Supermarine Spitfire and a Hawker Hurricane.
 The aircraft are regularly seen at events commemorating the Second World War and upon British State occasions, notably Trooping the Colour, celebrating Queen Elizabeth II's 80th birthday in 2006, as well as the wedding of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Catherine Middleton in 2011 and at air displays throughout the United Kingdom and Europe.
No. 1300 (Meteorological) Flight was formed on 31 July 1943 at RAF Alipore, West Bengal, British India, by re-designating No. 1 Meteorological Flight RAF.
 The flight, strength of which had been reduced to three Hawker Hurricane Mk.IIs by this time, was disbanded on 30 May 1946 at RAF Kallang, Malaya, as No. 1300 (Meteorological THUM) Flight, THUM standing for Temperature and Humidity.
The Hawker Henley was a British two-seat target tug derived from the Hawker Hurricane that was operated by the RAF during the Second World War.
The Hawker Hurricane was a British single-seat fighter aircraft designed and predominantly built by Hawker Aircraft Ltd.
 Some versions were built in Canada by the Canada Car and Foundry Co Ltd
The Sindlinger HH-1 Hawker Hurricane is a ⅝ scale homebuilt design based on the Hawker Hurricane.
 Designed by Fred Sindlinger for amateur construction, the prototype was built between 1969 and 1972.
The Flying Legend Hawker Hurricane Replica is an Italian light-sport aircraft, designed and produced by Flying Legend of Caltagirone and introduced at the AERO Friedrichshafen show in 2011.
 The aircraft, a 72% scale replica of the British Hawker Hurricane Second World War fighter, is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
The Royal Yugoslav Air Force (VVKJ) operated the British Hawker Hurricane Mk I fighter aircraft from 1938 to 1941.
 Between 1938 and 1940, the VVKJ obtained 24 Hurricane Mk I's from early production batches, marking the first foreign sale of the aircraft.
 Twenty additional aircraft were built by Zmaj under licence in Yugoslavia.
 When the country was drawn into World War II by the German-led Axis invasion of April 1941, a total of 41 Hurricane Mk I's were in service as fighters.
 They achieved some successes against "Luftwaffe" aircraft, but all Yugoslav Hurricanes were destroyed or captured during the 11-day invasion.
The Hawker Typhoon (Tiffy in RAF slang), is a British single-seat fighter-bomber, produced by Hawker Aircraft.
 It was intended to be a medium–high altitude interceptor, as a replacement for the Hawker Hurricane but several design problems were encountered and it never completely satisfied this requirement.
The Supermarine Seafire was a naval version of the Supermarine Spitfire adapted for operation from aircraft carriers.
 In concept, it is relatively comparable to the Hawker Sea Hurricane, a navalised version of the Spitfire's stablemate, the Hawker Hurricane.
 The name Seafire had been derived from the abbreviation of the longer name Sea Spitfire.
