Russell Harrison Varian (April 24, 1898 – July 28, 1959) and Sigurd Fergus Varian (May 4, 1901 – October 18, 1961) were brothers who founded one of the earliest high-tech companies in Silicon Valley.
 Born to theosophist parents who helped lead the utopian community of Halcyon, California, they grew up in a home with multiple creative influences.
 The brothers showed an early interest in electricity, and after independently establishing careers in electronics and aviation they came together to invent the klystron, which became a critical component of radar, telecommunications and other microwave technologies.
 In 1948 they founded Varian Associates to market the klystron and other inventions; the company became the first to move into Stanford Industrial Park, the birthplace of Silicon Valley.
 Both brothers were noted for their progressive political views; Russell was a lifelong supporter of the Sierra Club, Sigurd helped found the housing cooperative of Ladera, California, and Varian Associates instituted innovative employee policies that were ahead of their time.
 In 1950, the Varians were awarded the John Price Wetherill Medal for the development of the klystron, and both were posthumously inducted into the Silicon Valley Engineering Council Hall of Fame in 1993.
The Nobel Prize in Physics (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i fysik" ) is awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences to scientists in the various fields of physics.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel (who died in 1896), awarded for outstanding contributions in physics.
 As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members elected by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
 The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
 Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award prize that has varied throughout the years.
The Nobel Prize in Physics (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i fysik" ) is a yearly award given by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences for those who conferred the most outstanding contributions for mankind in the field of physics.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 and awarded since 1901; the others being the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Literature, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Robert Norton Noyce (December 12, 1927 – June 3, 1990), nicknamed "the Mayor of Silicon Valley," co-founded Fairchild Semiconductor in 1957 and Intel Corporation in 1968.
 He is also credited (along with Jack Kilby) with the realization of the first integrated circuit or microchip that fueled the personal computer revolution and gave Silicon Valley its name.
Ronald Crawford "Ron" Conway (born March 9, 1951) is an American angel investor and philanthropist, often described as one of Silicon Valley's "super angels".
 Conway is recognized as a politically-connected philanthropist, strong networker and savvy business investor.
 Despite his investing successes and broad network, however, Conway has a mixed reputation within Silicon Valley circles and has been known to bully, threaten and even humiliate to achieve his goals: in an article titled "Ron Conway: The Scariest Man In Silicon Valley," Business Insider noted that "Conway is a bare-knuckled bruiser who will bully and intimidate fellow investors and his own entrepreneurs if they cross him, or do something he doesn't like."
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i fysiologi eller medicin" ) is awarded annually by the Swedish Karolinska Institute to scientists and doctors in the various fields of physiology or medicine.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel (who died in 1896), awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine.
 As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members and an executive secretary elected by the Karolinska Institute.
 While commonly referred to as the Nobel Prize in Medicine, Nobel specifically stated that the prize be awarded for "physiology or medicine" in his will.
 Because of this, the prize can be awarded in a broader range of fields.
 The first Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded in 1901 to Emil Adolf von Behring, of Germany.
 Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award that has varied throughout the years.
 In 1901, von Behring received 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2008.
 In 2013, the prize was awarded to James E. Rothman, Randy W. Schekman and Thomas C. Südhof; they were recognised "after discovering how cells precisely transport material".
 The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
Since 1901, the Nobel Prize in Literature (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i litteratur" ) has been awarded annually to an author from any country who has, in the words of the will of Alfred Nobel, produced "in the field of literature the most outstanding work in an ideal direction" (original Swedish: "den som inom litteraturen har producerat det mest framstående verket i en idealisk riktning").
 Though individual works are sometimes cited as being particularly noteworthy, here "work" refers to an author's work as a whole.
 The Swedish Academy decides who, if anyone, will receive the prize in any given year.
 The academy announces the name of the chosen laureate in early October.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Physics, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
The Silicon Valley Football Classic (SVFC), sometimes referred to as the Silicon Valley Bowl or Silicon Valley Classic, was an NCAA-certified Division I-A post-season college football bowl game that was played at Spartan Stadium on the South Campus of San Jose State University in San Jose, California, from 2000 to 2004.
 It had a contractual tie-in with the Western Athletic Conference and the Pac-10.
 The bowl was initially televised on Fox Sports Net and later moved to ESPN2.
The Nobel Prize in Literature (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i litteratur") is awarded annually by the Swedish Academy to authors for outstanding contributions in the field of literature.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel, which are awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine.
 As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members elected by the Swedish Academy.
 The first Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded in 1901 to Sully Prudhomme of France.
 Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award prize that has varied throughout the years.
 In 1901, Prudhomme received 150,782 SEK, which is equivalent to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2007.
 The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i kemi" ) is awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences to scientists in the various fields of chemistry.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel, who died in 1896.
 These prizes are awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine.
 As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members elected by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
 The first Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded in 1901 to Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff, of the Netherlands.
 Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award prize that has varied throughout the years.
 In 1901, van 't Hoff received 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2007.
 The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
