The legality of the invasion and occupation of Iraq has been widely debated since the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Poland and a coalition of other countries launched the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 The then United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan said in September 2004 that: "From our point of view and the UN Charter point of view, it [the war] was illegal."
 Many of the political leaders of the US and UK have argued the war was legal , while many legal experts and other international leaders have argued that it was illegal .
 US and UK officials have argued that existing UN Security Council resolutions related to the 1991 Gulf War and the subsequent ceasefire (660, 678), and to later inspections of Iraqi weapons programs (1441), had already authorized the invasion.
 Critics of the invasion have challenged both of these assertions, arguing that an additional Security Council resolution, which the US and UK failed to obtain, would have been necessary to specifically authorize the invasion.
Camp Speicher, officially known as the Tikrit Air Academy and formerly as FOB Speicher, COB Speicher, and Al Sahra Airfield (under Saddam Hussein) is an air installation near Tikrit in northern Iraq.
 The installation is approximately 170 kilometers north of Baghdad and 11 kilometers west of the Tigris River.
 The United States Army captured the base from the Iraqi Army during the 2003 invasion of Iraq and used it during the Iraq War as the headquarters of the United States Division–North (USD-N, formerly Multinational Division, North, (MND-N)).
 The airfield is served by two main runways measuring 9600 ft long with a shorter runway measuring 7200 ft .
 The Americans named the airfield after Captain Michael Scott Speicher, a United States Navy pilot who was killed in action in Iraq during the 1991 Gulf War.
 Prior to the 2003 invasion, Al Sahra Airfield was the main base of the Iraqi Air Force Air Academy.
The 2003 invasion of Iraq lasted from 20 March to 1 May 2003 and signalled the start of the Iraq War, which was dubbed Operation Iraqi Freedom by the United States (prior to 19 March, the mission in Iraq was called Operation Enduring Freedom, a carryover from the War in Afghanistan).
 The invasion consisted of 21 days of major combat operations, in which a combined force of troops from the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia and Poland invaded Iraq and deposed the Ba'athist government of Saddam Hussein.
 The invasion phase consisted primarily of a conventionally fought war which included the capture of the Iraqi capital of Baghdad by American forces with the implicit assistance of the United Kingdom, alongside Australia and Poland.
Operation Southern Focus was a period in the months leading up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq (called "Operation Iraqi Freedom" in the United States) in which the military responses to violations of the southern Iraqi no-fly zones were increased, with more intensive bombing of air defense artillery installations and other military complexes.
 It also marked a period of increased intelligence gathering.
 The operation lasted from June 2002 until the beginning of the invasion in March 2003.
 It was intended to be a "softening up" period prior to invasion, degrading Iraq's air defense and communication abilities.
 Lieutenant General T. Michael Moseley revealed the operation's existence in mid-2003.
After World War I, Iraq passed from the failing Ottoman Empire to British control.
 Britain established the Kingdom of Iraq in 1932.
 In the 14 July Revolution of 1958, the king was deposed and the Republic of Iraq was declared.
 In 1963, the Ba'ath Party staged a coup d'état and was in turn toppled by another coup in the same year, but managed to retake power in 1968.
 Saddam Hussein took power in 1979 and ruled Iraq for the remainder of the century, during the Iran–Iraq War of the 1980s, the Invasion of Kuwait and the Gulf War of 1990 to 1991 and the UN sanction during the 1990s.
 Saddam was removed from power in the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
A dispute exists over the "legitimacy" of the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 The debate centers around the question whether the invasion was an unprovoked assault on an independent country that may have breached international law, or if the United Nations Security Council authorized the invasion (whether the conditions set in place after the Gulf War allowed the resumption if Iraq did not uphold to the Security Council resolutions).
 Those arguing for its legitimacy often point to Congressional Joint Resolution 114 and UN Security Council resolutions, such as Resolution 1441 and Resolution 678.
 Those arguing against its legitimacy also cite some of the same sources, stating they do not actually permit war but instead lay out conditions that must be met before war can be declared.
 Furthermore, the Security Council may only authorise the use of force against an "aggressor" in the interests of preserving peace, whereas the 2003 invasion of Iraq was not provoked by any aggressive military action.
The 2003 invasion of Iraq involved unprecedented U.S. media coverage, especially cable news networks.
 The coverage itself became a source of controversy, as media outlets were accused of pro-war bias, reporters were casualties of both Iraqi and American gunfire, and claims of censorship and propaganda became widespread.
Doe v. Bush, 323 F.3d 133 (1st Cir.
 2003), was a court case challenging the constitutionality of the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 The case was dismissed, since the plaintiffs failed "to raise a sufficiently clear constitutional issue."
 The Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 was challenged by "a coalition of U.S. soldiers, parents of U.S. soldiers, and members of Congress" prior to the invasion to stop it from happening.
 They claimed that an invasion of Iraq would be illegal.
 Judge Lynch wrote of their argument, "They base this argument on two theories.
 They argue that Congress and the President are in collision -- that the President is about to act in violation of the October Resolution.
 They also argue that Congress and the President are in collusion -- that Congress has handed over to the President its exclusive power to declare war."
During the Iraq War, which began with the 2003 invasion of Iraq, there were United States military personnel who refused to participate, or continue to participate, in that specific war.
 Their refusal meant that they faced the possibility of punishment in the United States according to Article 85 of the US Uniform Code of Military Justice.
 For that reason some of them chose to go to Canada as a place of refuge.
 The choice of these US Iraq war resisters to go to Canada has led to considerable debate in Canada's society, press, legal arenas, and political arenas.
 Much of the debate on this issue has been due to the controversial nature of the Iraq War itself.
 Among the many elements of that debate are Canada's relationship to the Iraq war, and Canada's relationship to the US, its largest trading partner.
Bush in Babylon is a book by the historian Tariq Ali, that attacks the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 The book comprises two parts, the first being a modern history of Iraq, the second a condemnation of the 2003 invasion.
 Ali uses poetry and critical essays to express his ideas.
