Kensington Road is a section of road in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and Westminster, London, England, forming part of the A315.
 It runs along the south edge of Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park.
 To the west it becomes Kensington High Street, to the east it becomes Knightsbridge, while Kensington Gore is the name applied to the middle section.
 To the north is Kensington Palace and to the south the road is joined by Palace Gate, Queen's Gate, Exhibition Road, and Rutland Gate (west to east).
Banwolseong (半月城, literally “Half Moon Fortress”), also commonly known as Wolseong Palace, was the royal palace compound of the Korean Silla monarchy at their capital in Gyeongju during the Silla and Unified Silla periods (57 BCE-938 CE).
 It takes its name from the approximate outline of the palace walls which were shaped like a crescent moon.
 Banwolseong has been also known as Sinwolseong or Jaeseong, which means where the king resides.
The royal palace of Foumban, where the king of the Bamum still resides today, was built in 1917.
 The Palace Museum tells the history of the dynasty of the Bamum kings from 1394 to the present day, with information on the most famous of the Bamum kings, Ibrahim Njoya, who died in 1933 and who created a writing system at the end of the 19th century called Bamum script.
The Eye of Agamotto ( ) is a fictional mystical item appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 The item appears in publications in particular those featuring Doctor Strange.
 The Eye of Agamotto is the name commonly given to the amulet Strange wears on his chest, though the Eye actually resides within the amulet and is released from time to time.
 Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko, it first appeared in "The Origin of Dr. Strange", an eight-page story in "Strange Tales" #115 (December 1963).
 In designing the Eye, Ditko drew inspiration from the real world charm The All Seeing Eye of the Buddha, known among Buddhists as The Amulet of Snail Martyrs, a Nepali symbol meant to protect its wearer against evil.
Eugene Brown Erwin Middle School is a public middle school in Center Point, Alabama, that serves grades 6-8.
 This middle school is part of the Jefferson County School System.
 It currently resides in the old E.B Erwin High School that closed when Center Point High School opened in 2011.
 The old high school was converted into a new middle school that now carries E.B. Erwin's name.
 Erwin Middle School is committed to teaching and learning for all through implementing meaningful community and family collaboration to provide consistent instruction focused on student success.
 - See more at: http://erwinmid.jefcoed.com/home#sthash.3R8TlckR.dpuf
James Thomas Knowles (1806–1884) was a British architect with an extensive practice in building upper-class houses in the Italianate manner more familiar in the work of Sir Charles Barry.
 His designs submitted in the competition for the new Houses of Parliament lost to Barry's design.
 In London, Knowles built the confident and technically assured palazzo at 15, Kensington Palace Gardens (1854).
 Together with his son, (Sir) James Thomas Knowles (1831–1908), he was responsible for the Victoria Station Hotel - originally named The Grosvenor and recently rebranded and reopened under this name following an eighteen-month £20m refurbishment.
Dolní Benešov (] ; German: "Beneschau" ) is a small town in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 It was first mentioned in a 1312 deed as an estate of the Benešovice noble family and received town privileges in 1493 by King Vladislaus II of Bohemia.
 On a ca. 1588 map of Poland and Silesia by G. Mercator it is spelt Benischaw, and spelt Benischow on a ca. 1688 map by N.S. D'Abbeville.
 So the original family name was likely spelt Benis, with the suffix -chaw or -chow meaning domain or town.
 In an 1812 reference book (A System of Geography, Ancient and Modern by James Playfair, Hill, p. 695) it is spelt Benischau, with a German suffix.
 On an 1880 map of Silesia it is spelt Beneschau.
 In 1846 Salomon Mayer Rothschild, who owned the ironworks in nearby Vítkovice, acquired Benešov Palace, probably then spelt Palace Benisowa (of the Benis family).
Lots Road Power Station is a disused coal and later oil-fired and later gas-fired power station on the River Thames at Lots Road in Chelsea, London in the south-west of The Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, which supplied electricity to the London Underground system.
 It is sometimes erroneously referred to as Fulham Power Station, a name properly applied to another former station a mile upriver.
The Kensington System was a strict and elaborate set of rules designed by Victoria, Duchess of Kent, along with her attendant, Sir John Conroy, concerning the upbringing of the Duchess's daughter, the future Queen Victoria.
 It is named after Kensington Palace in London, where Victoria resided with her mother prior to acceding the throne.
10 Palace Gate is an apartment block in London's Kensington area, designed by Wells Coates.
 Completed in 1939 for the builder Randall Bell, it is a Modernist structure in the tradition of Le Corbusier and Walter Gropius, both of whom influenced Coates' work.
 Coates applied his own three-two system of spatial layout within this building for the first time, an idea he used to create variety within the units.
 The generous design, which divides the building into floors at various heights, enables the public spaces to be large and with high ceilings, while private portions of the flat such as bedrooms, bathrooms, service rooms and corridors were smaller in scale.
