Ethel Scull 36 Times is a 1963 painting by American artist Andy Warhol, is currently on view at the Whitney Museum of American Art and is part of the collections of both the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Whitney Museum of American Art.
 It was Warhol's first commissioned work.
 The work consists of four rows of nine equal columns, depicting Ethel Redner Scull, a well-known collector of modern art.
 The artwork is jointly owned by the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Whitney Museum of American Art.
The Shreveport-Bossier City-Minden Combined Statistical Area was made up of four parishes in northwestern Louisiana.
 The statistical area consisted of then-Shreveport-Bossier City Metropolitan Statistical Area and then-Minden Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 As of the 2010 census, the CSA had a population of 439,000 (though a July 1, 2011 estimate placed the population at 444,000).
 On February 28, 2013, OMB changed definitions of census statistical areas, and all four parishes in this combined statistical area were redefined as Shreveport-Bossier City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Association Residence Nursing Home, also called the Association for the Relief of Respectable, Aged and Indigent Females, is an historic building in New York City built from 1881–1883 to the design of Richard Morris Hunt in the Victorian Gothic style.
 It is located on Amsterdam Avenue between 103rd and 104th Streets in Manhattan, and is now a youth hostel run by Hostelling International.
 The Association was founded in 1814 to help the widows of soldiers of the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812.
 An addition to the building was constructed on the south end of the property in 1907, which contained seven Tiffany windows which are now in the collection of the Morse Museum of American Art.
 The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The Charles Hosmer Morse Museum of American Art houses the most comprehensive collection of the works of Louis Comfort Tiffany found anywhere, a major collection of American art pottery, and fine collections of late-19th- and early-20th-century American paintings, graphics and the decorative arts.
 It is located in Winter Park, Florida, USA.
Anthony Waichulis (born 1972) is a contemporary Trompe L'Oeil painter from rural Northeastern Pennsylvania.
 Celebrated by critics and collectors alike, Waichulis' works have been published in nearly every major art publication including The Artist's Magazine, Fine Art Connoisseur, American Artist, American Art Review, American Art Collector, Art News, and Art-Talk.
 Anthony, represented by The John Pence Gallery in San Francisco, has exhibited in numerous key venues across the country including the Smithsonian Institution, National Arts Club, Butler Institute of American Art, Orlando Museum of Art, Arnot Art Museum, and the Beijing World Art Museum among others.
 Waichulis has also achieved top honors in nearly every prestigious national and international competition held today including The Artist's Magazine's Annual Competition and the Art Renewal Center's International Salon Competition.
 In January 2006, Anthony became the first Trompe L'Oeil painter to be granted Living Master status with The Art Renewal Center.
The Lake Charles–Jennings combined statistical area is made up of three parishes in southwestern Louisiana.
 The statistical area consists of the Lake Charles Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Jennings Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 The largest principal city is Lake Charles, and the smaller principal city is Jennings.
 As of the 2000 census, the CSA had a population of 225,003.
 A July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 225,235.
Edmund Charles Tarbell (April 26, 1862 – August 1, 1938) was an American Impressionist painter.
 A member of the Ten American Painters, his work hangs in the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, Metropolitan Museum of Art, National Gallery of Art, Smithsonian American Art Museum, Corcoran Gallery of Art, DeYoung Museum, National Academy Museum and School, New Britain Museum of American Art, Worcester Art Museum, and numerous other collections.
 He was a leading member of a group of painters which came to be known as the Boston School.
The Tiffany Chapel is a chapel interior designed by Louis Comfort Tiffany and created by the Tiffany Glass and Decorating Company.
 First installed for the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, the chapel is again on public display, more than a century later, at the Charles Hosmer Morse Museum of American Art in Winter Park, Florida since April 1999.
Charles Hosmer Morse (September 23, 1833 – May 5, 1921) was an American businessman and philanthropist.
 Morse was born at St. Johnsbury, Vermont.
 He graduated from St. Johnsbury Academy in 1850.
 Shortly after graduation he joined his uncle, Zelotus Hosmer, in the Boston office of E. & T. Fairbanks, marketing platform scales.
 He was promoted to the New York office, and then to Chicago, eventually establishing a branch that would go on to be known as Fairbanks-Morse corporation.
 He was also an early resident of and influential figure in the city of Winter Park, Florida.
Lisa Hoke (born 1952 in Virginia) is an American installation artist and sculptor living and working in New York.
 She received a BFA from Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, Virginia and was awarded the Edwin Austin Abbey Fellowship from the National Academy Museum, New York and a Joan Mitchell Foundation Grant.
 Her work has exhibited nationally notably at the Sarasota Museum of Art, Oklahoma City Museum of Art, New Britain Museum of American Art, MASS MoCA, Aldrich Museum, The Hudson Valley Center for Contemporary Art, Cleveland Institute of Art, Serpentine Gallery, Corcoran Gallery of Art and the New Museum.
 Her work is in numerous public and private collations including the Whitney Museum of American Art, Johnson Museum of Art, Cornell University, and New Orleans Museum of Art, among others.
 Jennifer Coates reviewed her most recent solo exhibition at Pavel Zoubok Gallery in "Time Out":
