The Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF) (Maori: "Te Tauaarangi o Aotearoa", "New Zealand Warriors of the Sky"; previously "Te Hokowhitu o Kahurangi", "War Party of the Blue") is the air force component of the New Zealand Defence Force.
 It was formed from New Zealand elements of the British Royal Air Force, becoming an independent force in 1923, although many RNZAF aircrew continued to serve in the Royal Air Force until the end of the 1940s.
 The RNZAF fought in World War II, Malaysia, Korean War, Vietnam and the Gulf War plus various United Nations peacekeeping missions.
 From a 1945 peak of over 1,000 combat aircraft the RNZAF has shrunk to a strength of around 51 aircraft in 2016, focusing on maritime patrol and transport duties in support of the Royal New Zealand Navy and the New Zealand Army.
 The RNZAF's air combat capability ended in 2001 with the disbanding of the A-4 Skyhawk squadrons.
 The Air Force is led by an air vice-marshal who holds the appointment of Chief of Air Force.
Royal Air Force Pembroke Dock or more simply RAF Pembroke Dock was a Royal Air Force Seaplane and Flying Boat station located at Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire, Wales.
 The Royal Navy contingent left in 1926 with the Royal Air Force occupying the site from 1 January 1930.
 During the initial stages of the Second World War, it became the home of two Dutch flying boats and their squadron personnel as well as hosting RAF, Fleet Air Arm, Canadian, Royal Australian Air Force and United States naval crews.
Percy Lewis ( (1927--) 31 1927 (age 89 ) ) is a Trinidad and Tobago/British amateur featherweight and professional feather/super feather/lightweight boxer of the 1950s and '60s who as an amateur was runner-up for the 1950 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) featherweight title, against Peter Brander (Slough Centre ABC), boxing out of The Royal Air Force, was runner-up for the 1951 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) featherweight title, against Jim Travers (Lansdowne BC), boxing out of The Royal Air Force, won the 1952 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) featherweight title, against Steve Trainer (Hulme Lads ABC), boxing out of The Royal Air Force, represented Great Britain at featherweight in the Boxing at the 1952 Summer Olympics, losing to Georghe Ilie of Romania, and won the 1953 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) featherweight title, against Alan Sillett (The British Army), boxing out of Oxford YMCA ABC, and as a professional won the British Empire featherweight title, his professional fighting weight varied from 124+1/2 lb , i.e. featherweight to 134 lb , i.e. lightweight, he served with the Royal Air Force.
Stanley ( ; also known as Port Stanley) is the capital of the Falkland Islands.
 It is located on the island of East Falkland, on a north-facing slope in one of the wettest parts of the islands.
 At the 2012 census, the town had a population of 2,121; the entire population of the Falkland Islands was 2,841 on Census Day on 15 April 2012.
This is a list of aircraft used by the Royal Flying Corps (RFC) from 13 April 1912, when it was formed from the Air Battalion Royal Engineers, until 1 April 1918 when it was merged with the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS) to form the Royal Air Force (RAF).
 The RFC operated in parallel with the RNAS, whose aircraft are listed at List of aircraft of the Royal Naval Air Service.
 For a list of Royal Air Force aircraft see List of aircraft of the Royal Air Force.
Air Marshal Robert Leckie, (16 April 1890 – 31 March 1975) was an air officer in the Royal Air Force and the Chief of the Air Staff of the Royal Canadian Air Force from 1944 to 1947.
 He initially served in the Royal Naval Air Service during the First World War, becoming known as one of "the Zeppelin killers from Canada", after shooting down two airships.
 During the inter-war period he served as a Royal Air Force squadron and station commander, eventually becoming the RAF's Director of Training in 1935, and was Air Officer Commanding RAF Mediterranean from 1938 until after the beginning of the Second World War.
 In 1940 he returned to Canada where he was primarily responsible for the Commonwealth Air Training Plan, transferring to the Royal Canadian Air Force in 1942.
Royal Air Force Music Services is the organization which provides military musical support to the Royal Air Force.
 Based at RAF Northolt (previously at RAF Uxbridge) and RAF Cranwell, it forms the central administration of one hundred and seventy musicians divided between the Central Band of the Royal Air Force, The Band of the Royal Air Force College, The Band of the Royal Air Force Regiment and Headquarters Music Services.
 These main military bands contain within their ranks the Royal Air Force Squadronnaires, Royal Air Force Swing Wing, Royal Air Force Shades of Blue, and The Salon Orchestra of the Central Band of the Royal Air Force.
No. 7010 (VR) Photographic Interpretation Squadron, Royal Auxiliary Air Force is a unit of the British Royal Air Force.
 It was founded in April 1953 as No. 7010 Flight, Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve, to provide strategic imagery analysis support to the Royal Air Force.
 In 1965 the flight expanded its role to include tactical imagery analysis.
 In August 1982, Her Majesty The Queen approved the issue of a badge to the flight.
 In allusion to the unit's role, the emblem of a human eye is portrayed with a wing embellishment and set in front of a roundel.
 The motto "Vocati Veniemus" may be freely translated as "when summoned we shall be there".
 The collapse of the Warsaw Pact resulted in a large reduction of NATO forces in central Europe.
 In turn this has led to a major reduction in, and reorganisation of, the United Kingdom's regular and reserve forces.
 Within this overall plan for defence, No. 7010 Flight became No. 7010 (VR) Photographic Interpretation Squadron.
The Royal Air Force Museum Cosford, located in Cosford in Shropshire, is a museum dedicated to the history of aviation and the Royal Air Force in particular.
 The museum is part of the Royal Air Force Museum, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Ministry of Defence and a registered charity.
 The museum is spread over two sites in England; the other site is at the Royal Air Force Museum London at Colindale (near Hendon) in north London.
The Beechcraft T-6 Texan II is a single-engine turboprop aircraft built by the Raytheon Aircraft Company (which became Hawker Beechcraft and later Beechcraft Defense Company, and was bought by Textron Aviation in 2014).
 A trainer aircraft based on the Pilatus PC-9, the T-6 has replaced the Air Force's Cessna T-37B Tweet and the Navy's T-34C Turbo Mentor.
 The T-6A is used by the United States Air Force for basic pilot training and Combat Systems Officer (CSO) training and by the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps for primary Naval Aviator training as well as primary and intermediate Naval Flight Officer (NFO) training.
 The T-6A is also used as a basic trainer by the Royal Canadian Air Force (CT-156 Harvard II), the Greek Air Force, the Israeli Air Force ("Efroni"), and the Iraqi Air Force.
 The T-6B is the primary trainer for U.S. student naval aviators.
 The T-6C is used for training by the Mexican Air Force, Royal Air Force, Royal Moroccan Air Force, and the Royal New Zealand Air Force.
