Hatshepsut ( ; also Hatchepsut; Egyptian: "ḥ3.t-šps.wt" "Foremost of Noble Ladies"; 1507–1458 BCE) was the fifth pharaoh of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt.
 She was the second historically confirmed female pharaoh, the first being Sobekneferu.
 (Various other women may have also ruled as pharaohs regnant or at least regents before Hatshepsut, as early as Neithhotep around 1600 years prior.)
 Hatshepsut came to the throne of Egypt in 1478 BCE.
 Officially, she ruled jointly with Thutmose III, who had ascended to the throne the previous year as a child of about two years old.
 Hatshepsut was the chief wife of Thutmose II, Thutmose III’s father.
 She is generally regarded by Egyptologists as one of the most successful pharaohs, reigning longer than any other woman of an indigenous Egyptian dynasty.
 According to Egyptologist James Henry Breasted she is also known as "the first great woman in history of whom we are informed."
Nakhtmin (also Minnakht) held the position of generalissimo during the reign of pharaoh Tutankhamun of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Ancient Egypt.
 His titles during the reign of Tutankhamun included "the true servant who is beneficial to his lord, the king's scribe," "the servant beloved of his lord," "the Fan-bearer on the Right Side of the King," and "the servant who causes to live the name of his lord."
 These titles were found on five ushabtis that Nakhtmin offered as funerary presents for pharaoh Tutankhamun.
Seqenenre Tao, (also Seqenera Djehuty-aa or Sekenenra Taa), called "The Brave", ruled over the last of the local kingdoms of the Theban region of Egypt in the Seventeenth Dynasty during the Second Intermediate Period.
 He probably was the son and successor to Senakhtenre Ahmose and Queen Tetisheri.
 The dates of his reign are uncertain, but he may have risen to power in the decade ending in 1560 BC or in 1558 BC (based on the probable accession date of Ahmose I, the first ruler of the eighteenth dynasty, see Egyptian chronology).
 With his queen, Ahhotep I, Seqenenre Tao fathered two pharaohs, Kamose, his immediate successor who was the last pharaoh of the seventeenth dynasty, and Ahmose I who, following a regency by his mother, was the first pharaoh of the eighteenth.
 Seqenenre Tao is credited with starting the opening moves in the war of liberation against the Hyksos, which was ended by his son Ahmose.
Ahmose-ankh was a prince during the early Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt.
 He was the son of Pharaoh Ahmose I and Queen Ahmose Nefertari.
 He was the crown prince but pre-deceased his father, thus the next pharaoh was his younger brother Amenhotep I.
 His sister was Ahmose-Meritamun.
Meritaten, also spelled Merytaten or Meryetaten (14th century BC), was an ancient Egyptian queen of the Eighteenth dynasty, who held the position of Great Royal Wife to Pharaoh Smenkhkare, who may have been a brother or son of Akhenaten.
 Her name means "She who is beloved of Aten"; Aten being the sun-god her father worshipped; Meritaten also may have served as pharaoh in her own right under the name, Ankhkheperure Neferneferuaten.
Ahmose was an Ancient Egyptian queen in the Eighteenth Dynasty.
 She was the Great Royal Wife of the dynasty's third pharaoh, Thutmose I, and the mother of the queen and pharaoh Hatshepsut.
 Her name means "Born of the Moon".
Ahmose I (Egyptian: Jˁḥ ms(j.w), sometimes written "Amosis I", "Amenes" and "Aahmes" and meaning "Born of Iah") was a pharaoh of ancient Egypt and the founder of the Eighteenth dynasty.
 He was a member of the Theban royal house, the son of pharaoh Seqenenre Tao and brother of the last pharaoh of the Seventeenth dynasty, King Kamose.
 During the reign of his father or grandfather, Thebes rebelled against the Hyksos, the rulers of Lower Egypt.
 When he was seven years old his father was killed, and he was about ten when his brother died of unknown causes, after reigning only three years.
 Ahmose I assumed the throne after the death of his brother, and upon coronation became known as Neb-Pehty-Re ("The Lord of Strength is Re").
 The name "Ahmose" is a combination of the divine name 'Ah' (see Iah) and the combining form '-mose'.
Parennefer also called Wennefer was a High Priest of Amun during the reigns of Tutankhamen and Horemheb (and possibly later).
 He was previously thought to date to the time of Ramesses II, but he is now dated to the end of the Eighteenth Dynasty.
 Parennefer was more firmly put at the end of the Eighteenth Dynasty after extensive excavations of his tomb in Thebes in 1990-1993.
Thutmose III (sometimes read as Thutmosis or Tuthmosis III, Thothmes in older history works, and meaning "Thoth is born") was the sixth Pharaoh of the Eighteenth Dynasty.
 During the first 22 years of Thutmose's reign he was co-regent with his stepmother and aunt, Hatshepsut, who was named the pharaoh.
 While he was shown first on surviving monuments, both were assigned the usual royal names and insignia and neither is given any obvious seniority over the other.
 He served as the head of her armies.
Mutemwiya (also written as Mutemwia, Mutemuya or Mutemweya) was a minor wife of Thutmose IV, a pharaoh of Egypt, in the Eighteenth Dynasty and the mother of Pharaoh Amenhotep III.
 Mutemwiya's name means "Mut in the divine bark".
