Christine Yoo is a Korean-American writer, director, producer and filmmaker.
 She has written and directed a romantic-comedy feature film entitled "Wedding Palace," starring Brian Tee, Kang Hye-jung, Bobby Lee, Margaret Cho, Joy Osmanski, Steve Park, Kelvin Han Yee, Elaine Kao, Charles Kim, Jean Yoon, Nancy J. Lee, Simon Rhee, and more.
 The film is a U.S.-Korea joint production that won Best Feature Film and Best Cinematography at the Cine Gear Expo Film Series Competition and a Golden Angel Award for Best Asian American Film at the Chinese American Film Festival and was also an official selection of the Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival, the Asian American International Film Festival, the Philadelphia Asian American Film Festival and a number of other film festivals.
 For the film, Yoo also received a Best Director award at the Atlanta Korean Film Festival as well.
Incite Pictures is a documentary film production company located in New York City, founded by Rose Rosenblatt and Marion Lipschutz Incite Pictures is the for profit arm of Cine Qua Non, a non-profit organization.
 In addition to national U.S. broadcasts, their work has been broadcast on the CBC’s Passionate Eye in Canada, The BBC in England, NHK, Indian TV (several broadcaster), and many other strands around the world.
 Their films have won Best Cinematography at The Sundance Film Festival, The Audience Award at SXSW, The Audience and Jury Award at Cine Las Americas, Best Documentary at Red Nation Film Festival, Best Documentary at Native Cinema Showcase, The Emerging Picture Award at Full Frame, and The Jury Prize for Best Documentary at The Miami Gay and Lesbian Film Festival.
 Personal recognition includes The Full Frame Women in Leadership Award, The Hugh M. Hefner First Amendment Award, and a nomination for the British Index on Censorship’s Freedom of Expression Award.
 Though their topics have been specific to the United States, they have durable international appeal, showing in hundreds of festivals, including The Human Rights Watch Film Festival, Hot Docs, The Stockholm International Film Festival, The Seoul International Film Festival and The Festival de Rio de Janeiro.
The Accor Asia Pacific Business Traveller Research is a study by Accor Asia Pacific, seeking to better understand the travel and behavioural preferences of business travellers in the Asia Pacific region.
 This research is now in its second year and has been updated to reflect market conditions unique to the Asia Pacific region.
 Accor partnered with Cimigo Ltd, a research consultancy in Asia Pacific, to conduct the research, with 10,437 Asia Pacific based business travellers from Australia, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, New Zealand, Singapore and Thailand were surveyed online about their travel habits in the first half of 2011, and their planned business travel for the remainder of the year.
 The three key areas of that the study covered include Business travel in the first 6 months of 2011, and planned for the last 6 months of 2011, the process of planning the business trip and the usage of hotel facilities.
Asia Pacific Deaf Games is a deaf multi-sport event established in 1984 which is held every 4 years in the Asia Pacific region.
 It is the successor to the Far Eastern Deaf Football Championship which was held in Taipei in 1983.
 The inaugural games was held in 1984 in Hong Kong.
 At that time, the games was known as the Asia Pacific Deaf Football Championship which was held biennally until 1988.
 In 1988, the Asia Pacific Deaf Sports Confederation (APDSC) was formed during the 3rd Championship in Melbourne, Australia with Ms. Wendy Home as its first administrator.
 The games changed its name to its present name, the Asia Pacific Deaf Games when the games was held in Seoul, South Korea in 1992 after Asia Pacific Deaf Sports Confederation passed a resolution to change the name of the games, which has since been held once every four years.
Kissed by the Wolves () is a 1975 Hong Kong adult film directed by famous Shaw Brothers villain actor Chan Hung Lit, who also acts in a supporting role.
 It stars Alan Tang, Pan Yin Tze, Dean Shek and Lydia Shum.
 This film won "Best Cinematography" at the 21st Asia Pacific Film Festival.
Sankarabharanam (English: "The Jewel of Shankara" ) is a 1980 Indian Telugu-language musical drama film written, and directed by K. Viswanath.
 Produced by Edida Nageswara Rao under the production company Poornodaya Movie Creations, "Sankarabharanam" starred J. V. Somayajulu, Manju Bhargavi, Chandramohan and Rajyalakshmi.
 The soundtrack was composed by K. V. Mahadevan, and remained a chartbuster.
 The film throws light on the chasm between Classical and Western Music based on the perspective of people from two different generations.
 The film was screened at the 8th International Film Festival of India, the Tashkent Film Festival, Asia Pacific Film Festival, and the Moscow International Film Festival held in May 1980.
The Brisbane International Film Festival (BIFF) is an annual film festival held in Brisbane, Australia.
 Organised by the Screen Culture unit at Screen Queensland, the festival has taken place since 1992, with the program including features, documentaries, shorts, experimental efforts, retrospectives, late night thrillers, animation, and children's films.
 The festival has attracted more than 400,000 visitors across its history.
 The festival was replaced by the Brisbane Asia Pacific Film Festival from 2014-2016 but has been revived in 2017 while the Brisbane Asia Pacific Film Festival has ceased operations.
Firestorm is a 2013 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Alan Yuen, produced by and starring Andy Lau.
 The film was converted to 3D during post-production, making it the first 3D Hong Kong police action film.
 "Firestorm" was chosen to be the opening film at Screen Singapore held on 4 December 2013 where Lau and co-star Gordon Lam walked the red carpet for the film's premiere.
 The film also opened the 56th Asia Pacific Film Festival on 13 December 2013 in Macau.
 In addition, "Firestorm" also had its North American premier at the 57th San Francisco International Film Festival on 3 May 2014.
Sirivennela (Telugu: సిరివెన్నెల ) is a 1986 Telugu romance film, written and directed by K. Viswanath.
 The film won Nandi Awards for Best lyrics, Best Male Playback Singer, Best Cinematography and Best Supporting Actress.
 It was screened at Asia Pacific Film Festival.
 The film was shot in Jaipur and Kerala.
 The film had Hariprasad Chaurasia's flute rendering and a cameo of drummer Sivamani.
André Turpin (born 1965) is a Canadian cinematographer, film director and screenwriter.
 He ia a member of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and sciences.
 As a cinematographer, he is a Bronze Frog winner for best cinematography at Camerimage international film festival for Mommy, Canadian screen award winner for best cinematography for Juste LA Fin Du Monde, two-time Genie Award winner for Best Cinematography, for "Maelström" at the 21st Genie Awards and for "Incendies" at the 31st Genie Awards, and a six-time winner of the Jutra Award for Best Cinematography, for "Maelström", "Incendies", "It's Not Me, I Swear!
 (C'est pas moi, je le jure!)"
, "Soft Shell Man (Un crabe dans la tête)" and "Mommy" and Juste La Fin Du Monde, a winner of the Jutra Award for Best Director for Un Crabe Dans La Tête.
 He also won the Jutra Award for Best Screen Writing for Un Crabe Dans La Tête.
 As a director he is best known for "Un crabe dans la tête", which was Canada's submission to the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 75th Academy Awards.
