Red Dragon is a novel by American author Thomas Harris, first published in 1981.
 The plot follows FBI profiler Will Graham, who comes out of retirement to investigate a serial killer nicknamed The Tooth Fairy, who is murdering entire families.
 The novel introduced the character Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer to whom Graham turns for advice.
Grace of Monaco is a 2014 internationally coproduced biographical drama film directed by Olivier Dahan and written by Arash Amel.
 The film stars Nicole Kidman in the titular role as Grace Kelly.
 It also features a supporting cast of Frank Langella, Parker Posey, Derek Jacobi, Paz Vega, Roger Ashton-Griffiths, Milo Ventimiglia, and Tim Roth.
Killer: A Journal of Murder is a 1995 American drama film written and directed by Tim Metcalfe.
 It is based on the life of serial killer Carl Panzram, and uses passages from his .
 James Woods stars as Panzram and Robert Sean Leonard as Henry Lesser.
 Other stars include Ellen Greene as Elizabeth Wyatt, Cara Buono as Esther Lesser, Robert John Burke as R.G. Greiser and Richard Riehle as Warden Quince.
 Michael Jeffrey Woods, James Woods' young brother also made an appearance as Harry Sinclair.
Timothy “Tim” T. Kelly is an American media executive, film producer, and conservationist.
 He is recognized for his role in moving the National Geographic Society from a primarily print-based organization to a multimedia global force in television and digital media.
 Kelly engineered the launch of the National Geographic Channel in 1997, and was named President of National Geographic in 2011.
 He also served as President and CEO of the National Geographic Global Media group and President and CEO of National Geographic Ventures.
 Kelly announced he would be leaving National Geographic in September 2012.
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film, and the fifth animated film produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance.
 "The Lion King" was directed by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff, produced by Don Hahn, and has a screenplay credited to Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts, and Linda Woolverton.
 Its original songs were written by composer Elton John and lyricist Tim Rice, and original scores were written by Hans Zimmer.
 The film features an ensemble voice cast that includes Matthew Broderick, James Earl Jones, Jeremy Irons, Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Moira Kelly, Nathan Lane, Ernie Sabella, Rowan Atkinson, Robert Guillaume, Madge Sinclair, Whoopi Goldberg, Cheech Marin, and Jim Cummings.
 The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa and was influenced by William Shakespeare's "Hamlet".
Tim de Zarn (born July 11, 1952 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American actor who has appeared in film and television.
 Alternately credited as Tim De Zarn, Tim DeZarn, Tim deZarn, and Tim Dezarn, de Zarn is often cast in supporting roles in the horror, crime, and science fiction genres.
Dead Bang is a 1989 American action film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Don Johnson.
 Johnson's character, based on real-life LASD Detective Jerry Beck, tracks the killer of a Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy and uncovers a plot involving hate literature, white supremacist militias and arms trafficking.
 The cast also includes Penelope Ann Miller, William Forsythe, Tim Reid, Bob Balaban, and Michael Jeter.
 Filmed in Calgary, Alberta.
Tim David Kelly is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, composer & owner of the music library http://www.ultradosemusic.com.
 He is the singer, guitarist and songwriter for the alternative rock band Kicking Harold whose still popular song "Gasoline" from "Space Age Breakdown" was featured as the main theme for five seasons on TLC's automobile make-over show, "Overhaulin'".
 Kelly has written many songs for others, including co-writing "Money For That" for the band Shiny Toy Guns.
 He has produced several albums, including co-producing "Lightning Strikes Again" by Dokken.
 Kelly has composed main themes and music cues used in television and film including "Gene Simmons Family Jewels" (A&E) &
Tim O'Kelly (born Timothy Patrick Wright, March 12, 1941 – January 4, 1990) was an American actor best known for playing the homicidal sniper Bobby Thompson in the Peter Bogdanovich cult film "Targets" (1968).
 He was cast because of his boy-next-door looks and his similarity in appearance to killer Charles Whitman, on whom the character was loosely based.
 O'Kelly also played Detective Danny "Danno" Williams in the pilot episode of "Hawaii Five-O", but was replaced by James MacArthur.
Kelly Wenham (born 28 November 1983, Stockport, England) is an English actress, director, screenwriter and comedian.
 Her early career was spent in modelling, before answering a casting call for a bit part in "Always and Everyone".
 Following this she entered drama school, but quit three months later after being cast in a regular role in "Where the Heart Is", as Jess Buckley, a role she kept for three years.
 After leaving "Where the Heart Is", she appeared in "Coronation Street" as barmaid Danielle Spencer.
 In 2004 she was cast in a leading role as Julie Priestly in "Steel River Blues", though the programme lasted only one series.
 Wenham has also made one-off appearances in "Life on Mars", "Holby City", "Wild At Heart", "Heartbeat" and "Dead Set".
 Kelly provided the voice for Syrenne in the 2012 British and American releases of The Last Story on the Wii.
 She also appeared in the fifth series of the BBC fantasy series "Merlin" as Queen Mab.
 She starred in the 2013 film "" as Dracula's love interest, Alina.
