Throughout Faten Hamama's career, she has received numerous accolades for best actress, and was nominated for the Cannes Film Festival’s Prix International for her role in 1950's "Your Day Will Come".
 She received her first award in 1951 for her role in "I'm the Past", which was presented to her by different venues, including the Egyptian Catholic Center for Cinema.
 The country's Ministry of Guidance also awarded her the title of Best Actress in both 1955 and 1961.
 These were followed by many different awards for best actress from various national and international events.
 International ones included special awards for acting at the first Tehran International Film Festival in 1972 for her role in "The Thin Thread", and in 1977 for her role in "Mouths and Rabbits".
 In 1973, she received the Special Award at the Moscow International Film Festival for her role in "Empire M".
 Other international accolades include the Best Actress awards at the Jakarta Film Festival in 1963 for her role in "The Open Door", and at the Carthage Film Festival in 1988 for her role in "Bitter Days, Nice Days".
 Hamama was also a recipient of the Lebanese Order of Merit in 1984 for her role in "The Night of Fatma's Arrest".
 She was later presented lifetime achievement awards, including one at the Montpellier Mediterranean Film Festival in 1993, and another at the Dubai International Film Festival in 2009.
Giona Ostinelli (born March 12, 1986) is a Swiss–Italian composer who resides and works in Los Angeles.
 He has written scores for over 30 feature films that premiered at Sundance Film Festival, Tribeca Film Festival, Cannes International Film Festival, South by Southwest Film Festival, Fantastic Fest, FrightFest, Cincinnati Film Festival, Hamptons International Film Festival, Palm Springs International Film Festival, Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival, Chicago International Children's Film Festival, among others.
 Ostinelli's score for breakout psychological thriller "Darling" released by Lakeshore Records and fan favorite Mondo Records has been described as "one of the most interesting and innovative soundscapes...".
 His soundtrack for "POD" has been shortlisted for the Academy Awards for Best Original Score.
Carlo Buccirosso (1 May 1954 in Naples, Italy) is an Italian actor, film director and comedian best known for his roles in Il divo (2008), Un'estate ai Caraibi (2009) and Un ciclone in famiglia (2006-2008), The Great Beauty (2013).
Chasing Shakespeare is a 2013 film directed by Norry Niven, and starring Danny Glover, Ashley Bell, and Graham Greene.
 The premiered at the Dallas International Film Festival Festival in April 2013, and was opening night film at the Breckenridge Film Festival, The Montreal Black Film Festival, The 38th annual Native American Film Festival in San Francisco on November 1, 2013, The African Diaspora Film Festival NY and The Orlando Film Festival.
 It has been nominated 36 times in as many festivals, winning 27 awards including Best Feature Film at The FirstGlance Film Festival, Best of Fest at The Big Island Film Festival, Best Feature Film at the AFI Cannes Film Festival, Audience Choice, Best Opening Title Sequence at SXSW, Best Dram/Romance at The WorldFest Houston Film Festival, Best Feature Film at the World Peace Initiative The Hampton's Film Festival and Best Director at Red Nations Film Festival and The Orlando Film Festival.
 The film was written by James Bird.
The Rebound (originally titled "The Rebound: A Wheelchair Basketball Story)" is an award-winning 2016 documentary sports film directed by Shaina Koren Allen, starring adaptive athletes Mario Moran, Jeremie "Phenom" Thomas, Orlando Carrillo and the Miami Heat Wheels wheelchair basketball team.
 Appearances from coaches, Paralympic athletes, and family shape the narrative along with cinéma vérité documentary coverage.
 "The Rebound" premiered at Miami International Film Festival in 2016, and has gone on to screen at 19 film festivals, including Cinequest, Napa Valley Film Festival, Dallas Film Festival, Brooklyn Film Festival, Naples International Film Festival, and more.
 The film has received awards including the Kaiser Permanente Thrive Award, Brooklyn Film Festival Audience Award for Best Documentary at Brooklyn Film Festival, Best Documentary Feature and Best Director - Documentary at Gallup Film Festival.
Dante's Inferno is a 2007 comedy film performed with hand-drawn paper puppets on a toy theater stage.
 The film was adapted from the book "Dante's Inferno" by Sandow Birk and Marcus Sanders (Chronicle Books, 2004), which is a modern update of the canticle "Inferno" from Dante Alighieri's epic poem "The Divine Comedy".
 The film chronicles Dante's (voiced by Dermot Mulroney) journeys through the underworld, guided by Virgil (voiced by James Cromwell).
 The head puppeteer was Paul Zaloom and the puppets were designed by Elyse Pignolet and drawn by Sandow Birk.
 The film premiered January 20, 2007 at the 2007 Slamdance Film Festival.
 The film has also been shown at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival, Sarasota Film Festival, Atlanta Film Festival, Newport Beach Film Festival, Maryland Film Festival, Silver Lake Film Festival, the Boston Underground Film Festival, and on the Ovation TV cable network.
The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters is a 2007 American documentary film.
 Highlighting the popular 1981 arcade game "Donkey Kong", it follows Steve Wiebe in his attempts to take the world high score for the arcade game from Billy Mitchell, whom the film presents as reigning champion.
 The film premiered January 22, 2007, at the 2007 Slamdance Film Festival and has been shown at the Newport Beach Film Festival, the Seattle International Film Festival, the SXSW Film Festival, the TriBeCa Film Festival, the True/False Film Festival, the Aspen Comedy Festival, and the Fantasia Festival.
 The film opened in limited release in the United States on August 17, 2007 in five theaters, and by September 9, 2007, the film had expanded to 39 theaters in the U.S.
Un'estate ai Caraibi is a 2009 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina.
 It stars Gigi Proietti, Enrico Brignano, Carlo Buccirosso, Biagio Izzo, and Martina Stella.
Alex Kruz (born November 30, 1978) is an American actor known for roles in television, theater and film.
 He was born in New Jersey, his father is a Native American Indian of the Kañari (Quichua) Nation.
 He is best known for his role in the film "" as Jake Red Cloud and "Tom in America".
 He has received Best Actor awards from the American Movie Awards, Canada International Film Festival, Mexico International Film Festival, Bare Bones International Film Festival, DC Independent Film Festival, Amiens International Film Festival, and nominated for best performance by the Maverick Movie Awards
Quiet Riot: Well Now You're Here, There's No Way Back is a 2015 documentary film about Los Angeles-based heavy metal and hair metal band Quiet Riot.
 The film was directed by former actress Regina Russell Banali.
 It premiered January 29, 2015, on Showtime and was screened out of competition at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival.
 The film had its festival premier at the 2014 Newport Beach Film Festival and won the Festival Honors award for "Outstanding Achievement in Filmmaking" in the music category.
 It also won "Best Music Documentary" from the Oregon Independent Film Festival, and was an official selection of The Hollywood Film Festival, the Carmel International Film Festival, Indie Memphis Film Festival, St. Louis International Film Festival, and Big Sky Documentary Film Festival.
