100 Million BC is a 2008 direct-to-DVD action film by film studio The Asylum, continuing the urban myth of the Philadelphia Experiment.
Robert William McConnell (c. 1944 – 5 April 1976), was a Northern Irish loyalist who allegedly carried out or was an accomplice to a number of sectarian attacks and killings, although he never faced any charges or convictions.
 McConnell served part-time as a corporal in the 2nd Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR), and was a suspected member of the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF)
The Kalmunai massacre refers to a series of mass killings that occurred in June 1990 in Kalmunai, a municipality within the Ampara District of Sri Lanka's Eastern Province.
 The massacre of civilians was allegedly carried out by the Sri Lankan Army in retaliation for an earlier massacre of Sri Lankan police officers.
 The University Teachers for Human Rights, a human rights organization, put the number of dead in the second massacre at 250, while a local Member of Parliament claimed that at least 160 people were killed.
The Gelaohui (; Pinyin: Gēlǎohuì; lit.
 "Elders Brothers Society"), also called Futaubang, or Hatchet Gang (), as every member allegedly carried a small hatchet inside the sleeve, was a secret society and underground resistance movement against the Qing dynasty.
 Although it was not associated with Sun Yat-sen's Tongmenhui, they both participated in the Xinhai Revolution.
Kumarapuram massacre also known as 1996 Trincomalee massacre or 1996 Killiveddy massacre refers to the murder of 24 minority Sri Lankan Tamil civilians including 13 women and 9 children below the age of 12 allegedly by the Sri Lankan security forces on February 11, 1996 in a village called Kumarapuram in the eastern district of Trincomalee.
 Further 28 civilians were severely injured as well.
 It was a notable mass murder of civilians since the resumption of armed conflict between rebel forces and Sri Lankan armed forces since April 1995 as part of the Sri Lankan civil war.
 The then government arrested number of soldiers and home guards who allegedly carried out the massacre and a court case was started on 2004.
 On 27 July 2016 the court acquitted six former army Corporals who were accused over the massacre, after they were found not guilty.
The Sinchon Museum of American War Atrocities (Korean: 신천박물관) is a museum dedicated to the Sinchon Massacre, a mass-murder of North Korean civilians allegedly carried out by US troops during the Korean War.
 The museum is located in Sinchon County of North Korea.
 In July 2015, the museum was rebuilt and moved to a new location in the country.
The Bombing of Plaza de Mayo was a massacre which took place in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on 16 June 1955.
 On that day, 30 aircraft from the Argentine Navy and Air Force strafed and bombed Plaza de Mayo square in Buenos Aires, in what remains to this day the largest aerial bombing ever on the Argentine mainland.
 The attack targeted the adjacent Casa Rosada, the official seat of government, as a large crowd was expressing support for president Juan Perón.
 The strike took place during a day of official public demonstrations to condemn the burning of a national flag allegedly carried out by detractors of Perón during the recent procession of Corpus Christi.
 The action was to be the first step in an eventually aborted coup d'état.
 The number of identified bodies was put at 308 —including six children— plus an indeterminate number of victims that couldn´t be identified.
The 999 phone charging myth is an urban myth that claims that if a mobile phone has low battery then dialing 999 (or any regional emergency number) charges the phone so it has more power.
 This was confirmed as a myth by several British police forces who publicly cited the dangers of making such calls.
The murder of Robert McCartney (1971 – 31 January 2005) occurred in Belfast, Northern Ireland, allegedly carried out by members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army.
 McCartney was the father of two children and was engaged to be married in June 2005 to his longtime girlfriend, Bridgeen Hagans.
 He was a Roman Catholic and lived in the predominantly nationalist Short Strand area of east Belfast, and was said by his family to be a supporter of Sinn Féin.
"White Tights" (also "White Pantyhose" or White Stockings; the "beliye kolgotki", Russian: белые колготки ; Latvian: "baltās zeķbikses" ; Estonian: "valged sukkpüksid" ) is a Russian urban myth surrounding the alleged participation of female sniper mercenaries in combat against Russian forces in various armed conflicts from late 1980s.
 The myth describes these women as blond Amazon-like nationalistic biathletes turned anti-Russian mercenaries.
 They come predominantly from the Baltic states, but subsequent variations of the myth have diversified the ethnic composition of the snipers, including Ukrainian, Russian women in their midst.
 The name "White Tights" originates from the white-coloured winter sports attire these snipers were wearing and was first coined during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
