Cyprian (ca. 1935–1994) and Daphrose Rugamba (ca. 1944–1994) are a married couple from Rwanda, who introduced the Catholic Charismatic Renewal and the Emmanuel Community to their country in 1990, and were assassinated in the Rwandan genocide of 1994.
 The cause for their canonization in the Catholic Church was opened in 2015.
Genocidal rape is a term used to describe the actions of a group who have carried out acts of mass rape during wartime against their perceived enemy as part of a genocidal campaign.
 During the Bangladesh Liberation War, the Yugoslav Wars, and the Rwandan genocide, the mass rapes that had been an integral part of those conflicts brought the concept of genocidal rape to international prominence.
 Although war rape has been a recurrent feature in conflicts throughout history, it has usually been looked upon as a by-product of conflict, and not an integral part of military policy.
The Gacaca court (] ) is a system of community justice inspired by Rwandan tradition where "gacaca" can be loosely translated to "justice amongst the grass".
 This traditional, communal justice was adapted in 2001 to fit the needs of Rwanda in the wake of the 1994 Rwandan Genocide (also known as "Hutu vs Tutsi" ) where an estimated 800,000 people were killed, tortured and raped.
 After the genocide, the new Rwandan Patriotic Front's government struggled to pursue justice on such a massive scale, and therein to develop just means for the humane detention and prosecution of the more than 100,000 people accused of genocide, war crimes, and related crimes against humanity.
 By 2000, approximately 130,000 alleged genocide perpetrators populated Rwanda's prisons (Reyntjens & Vandeginste 2005, 110).
 Using the justice system Rwanda had in place, the trial of such massive numbers of alleged perpetrators would take well over 100 years during which Rwanda's economy would crumble as a massive amount of their population awaited trial in prison.
 For this reason they chose to adapt and create a large-scale justice system, which would work alongside the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, in order to heal as a people and to thrive as a country.
Mass Slaughter: The Best of Slaughter is a compilation album by American glam metal band Slaughter .
The Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda is the primary remnant Rwandan Hutu rebel group in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 It is often referred to as simply the FDLR after its original French name: the Forces démocratiques de libération du Rwanda.
 It has been involved in fighting from its formation on 30 September 2000 throughout the last phase of the Second Congo War and the fighting which has continued since then.
 It is composed almost entirely of ethnic Hutus opposed to Tutsi rule and influence in the region.
 The FDLR was formed after negotiations between the Army for the Liberation of Rwanda and the remnant Hutu military command agreed that the ALiR be dissolved.
 Paul Rwarakabije was appointed commander in chief of the entire force, but ALiR had to accept the political leadership of the FDLR.
Jacqueline Mukansonera (born 1963) is an ethnic Hutu from Rwanda who didn't hesitate to save Tutsi Yolande Mukagasana from genocide in 1994.
 Yolande turned to her at the hospital where she worked as a nurse.
 She was one of the first targets of the Hutu violence because she was seen as a member of the Tutsi intelligentsia.
 Jacqueline Mukansonera concealed her in her kitchen for 11 days.
 The two women didn't speak to each other during those days out of fear of discovery.
 Jacqueline meanwhile bribed a policeman and provided her guest with false Hutu documents.
The origins of the Tutsi and Hutu peoples is a major issue in the histories of Rwanda and Burundi, as well as the Great Lakes region of Africa.
 While the Hutu are the largest social group in Rwanda, (although in racialist ideology originally introduced by European colonizers, the Tutsi were often identified as a separate race and also foreign, that settled amongst and intermarried with the Hutu, a Bantu group that had arrived in the region earlier, during the Bantu expansion).
 The relationship between the two modern populations is thus, in many ways, derived from the perceived origins and claim to "Rwandan-ness".
 The largest conflicts related to this question were the Rwandan genocide, the Burundian genocide, and the First and Second Congo Wars.
The Rwandan genocide, also known as the genocide against the Tutsi, was a genocidal mass slaughter of Tutsi in Rwanda by members of the Hutu majority government.
 An estimated 500,000–1,000,000 Rwandans were killed during the 100-day period from April 7 to mid-July 1994, constituting as many as 70% of the Tutsi population.
 Additionally, 30% of the Pygmy Batwa were killed.
 The genocide and widespread slaughter of Rwandans ended when the Tutsi-backed and heavily armed Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) led by Paul Kagame took control of the country.
 An estimated 2,000,000 Rwandans, mostly Hutus, were displaced and became refugees.
Ubuhake is the name given to the social order in Rwanda and Burundi from approximately the 15th century to 1958.
 It has been frequently compared to European feudalism.
 Based on cattle distribution, it was, however, a much smaller system than the one of "uburetwa," which affected a much larger segment of the population and was based on land distribution.
 The Tutsi monarchy used the land distribution system of "uburetwa" to centralise control of the lands in most of Rwanda in a system called igikingi.
 Only the northwest of Rwanda, where Hutu land owners refused to submit, were not part of igikingi.
The Rwandan Revolution, also known as the Social Revolution or Wind of Destruction (Kinyarwanda: "muyaga" ), was a period of ethnic violence in Rwanda from 1959 to 1961 between the Hutu and the Tutsi, two of the three ethnic groups in Rwanda.
 The revolution saw the country transition from a Belgian colony with a Tutsi monarchy to an independent Hutu-dominated republic.
