The following cities in the United States of America have all used single transferable vote methods to elect local government legislative bodies, typically for city council elections.
 Most of these cities had stopped using it by 1960.
 (Listed by State):
Zixing () is a county-level city in Hunan Province, China, it is under the administration of Chenzhou prefecture-level City.
KWN31 (sometimes referred to as Greenville All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves Greenville, Sulphur Springs and surrounding cities.
 It is programmed from the NWS Fort Worth office with its transmitter located in Cumby.
 It broadcasts weather and hazard information for the following Counties: Collin, Delta, Fannin, Franklin, Hopkins, Hunt, Kaufman, Rains, Rockwall, Van Zandt, and Wood.
 It also broadcasts hourly weather observations for the following cities: Greenville, Sulphur Springs, Paris, McKinney, Terrell, Mineola, and Mount Pleasant; and elsewhere around the region: DFW Airport, Sherman-Denison, Tyler, and Texarkana.
The following is a list of cities by longitude.
 Both the latitude and longitude are shown for the following cities, which are sorted by longitude from the west of the Prime Meridian to the east.
 Each heading should be considered the exact value.
 For example, 10°E corresponds to exactly 10°00′00.00″E and everything further west should be above this heading while everything further east should be below this heading.
Réseau Art Nouveau Network was established in 1999 by European cities with a rich art nouveau heritage.
 Enterprise and commitment are the Network's chief hallmarks; as well as championing a rigorously scientific approach, it aims to keep professionals informed and to make the general public aware of the cultural significance and European dimension of the art nouveau heritage.
 The network consist today of different institutions from the following cities and regions:
Shishou ( ; ) is a county-level city under the administration of the prefectural-level city Jingzhou, in the south of Hubei province, China, near its border with Hunan province.
 Located in the middle reaches of the Yangtze River and on the shores of Dongting Lake, Shishou is known as a land overflowing with rice and fish.
 The Swan Islet Wetland of the Yangtze River in this area is the world’s largest national natural reserve both for wild elks(Milu, or David Deer) and for Chinese river dolphins (finless porpoises).
 The Shishou City National Baiji Reserve for Chinese river dolphins is nearby.
 It shares its name with a stream flowing into the Yangtze River.
 In addition, the area enjoys convenient transportation, with an hour’s drive from Yueyang East Railway Station on the Beijing-Guangzhou high-speed railway line (90 kilometers of expressway), and 70 kilometers from Jingzhou Railway Station on the Shanghai-Wuhan-Chengdu high-speed railway line.
 Moreover, Shishou boasts a diversified landscape, including mountains, hills, lakes, rivers, terraces and plains, as well as abundant resources such as rice, cotton, oil plants, eggs, fish, and lotus roots.
The term Three Furnaces () refers to the especially hot and oppressively humid summer weather in several major cities in the Yangtze River Valley, within China.
 It was coined during the Republican period of China, and refers to the following cities:
Hockeytown and Hockey Town are generic words used in common practice throughout the United States and Canada to identify any town, city or community that has a history and reputation of participating in the sport of hockey.
 Many North American cities are and have been referred to by the label.
 Warroad, Minnesota was the first city known to use the designation "Hockeytown."
 The term refers to the following cities:
The following cities are sister cities of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, USA.
Hannan District () is one of 13 districts of Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China.
 It is the least-populous of Wuhan's districts, and is situated on the northern (left) bank of the Yangtze River.
 It borders the districts of Caidian to the north and Jiangxia to the east across the Yangtze, as well as the prefecture-level cities of Xianning and Jingzhou (for a sliver) to the south; it also borders the directly administered county-level city of Xiantao to the west.
