The Band of the Coldstream Guards is one of the oldest and best known bands in the British Army, having been officially formed on 16 May 1785 under the command of Major C F Eley, reflecting the fact that the Coldstream Guards regiment is the second oldest of the guards regiments.
 Although the band is not technically the oldest in the Army, it has the longest standing tradition of music, as from its earliest days the officers of the Coldstream Guards hired eight musicians to provide music for the regiment during the changing of the guard.
 This is an event which still occurs today, every day at eleven thirty in the summer outside Buckingham Palace.
2nd Battalion, 2nd Marines (2/2) is a light infantry battalion in the United States Marine Corps based out of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
 Also known as "The Warlords", it consists of approximately 1300 Marines and Sailors and normally falls under the command of the 2nd Marine Regiment and the 2nd Marine Division.
 The battalion returned home November 2008 from Iraq, returned from Afghanistan in May 2010, returned home March 2012 after deploying for 11 months with the 22d Marine Expeditionary Unit as Battalion Landing Team 2/2 supporting NATO Operation UNIFIED PROTECTOR.
 The unit then deployed in April 2013, in support of both BSRF and Operation Enduring Freedom.
 ox Company returned again from Afghanistan October 2013, while the rest of the battalion returned home August 2013 from the Black Sea Rotational Force.
 Then again in August 2014, the battalion deployed in support of the SPMAGTF-CR Africa.
 Returning in January 2015, the unit next deployed to the Pacific region on a UDP, going to Okinawa, Japan; the Philippines; Korea; Thailand; and Singapore.
 The unit is now slated to deploy again in the near future.
Adolphus Frederick Alexander Woodford (1821–1887) was the eldest son of Alexander George Woodford, a career soldier who was already a hero of Waterloo, and would rise to Field Marshal, ending his days in command of Chelsea Hospital.
 After a short stay in the Coldstream Guards, Adolphus entered the Anglican Church, having the living of Swillington from 1847–1872.
 On leaving the Army, he also became a Freemason, rising to become Grand Chaplain in 1863, commuting from Yorkshire to his London duties.
The 2nd Battalion, 28th Marine Regiment (2nd Battalion, 28th Marines) is an infantry battalion of the United States Marine Corps.
 The battalion (inactive since the Vietnam War) which is part of the 28th Marine Regiment, 5th Marine Division, fought in the Battle of Iwo Jima during World War II.
 Six Marines of E Company, 2nd Battalion, 28th Marines were featured in the historical photo by Joe Rosenthal of the U.S. flag raising on top of Mount Suribachi.
The 2nd Battalion (Norwegian: "2.
 bataljon" ; abbreviated as 2BN) is an infantry unit of the Norwegian Army, based at camp Skjold in Troms county in Northern Norway.
 It serves in the light infantry role specialized in Arctic warfare as part of Brigade Nord; the battalion is one of three manoeuvre battalions within the brigade, along with Telemark Battalion and Panserbataljonen.
 The 2nd Battalion serves two roles, primarily being organised for domestic defence; however, during Norway's contribution to the NATO forces in Afghanistan, the 2nd Battalion played a vital role.
 The 2nd Battalion also contributed consistently to the ISAF forces in northern Afghanistan, supporting an elite trained light infantry, organized as a Quick Reaction Force (QRF).
 The battalion is divided into four companies: Bravo company, Charlie company, the cavalry squadron and the support company.
 Bravo company and Charlie coy serves as specialized light infantry, focusing on Arctic warfare and urban warfare.
 The cavalry squadron is the battalion's internal intelligence unit as well as consisting of one platoon of marksmen.
 The support company is the largest of the four, and primarily consists of medics, anti-tank personnel, combat, service and support.
 The battalion uses a khaki beret, as opposed to the traditional black beret worn by cavalry units throughout the world, which symbolizes the battalion's long and proud history of producing some of Norway's most elite and well equipped soldiers.
Field Marshal Sir Alexander George Woodford, GCB, KCMG (15 June 1782 – 26 August 1870) was a British Army officer.
 After taking part in the Anglo-Russian invasion of Holland, he served in most of the battles of the Napoleonic Wars.
 During the Hundred Days he commanded the 2nd battalion of the Coldstream Guards at the Battle of Quatre Bras, the Battle of Waterloo and the storming of Cambrai.
 He went on to become lieutenant governor and brigade commander at Malta, lieutenant governor and brigade commander at Corfu and then commander of the British garrison on the Ionian Islands before being appointed Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Gibraltar.
The 192nd Battalion, CEF, was a unit in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War.
 Authorization published in General Order 69 to recruit the 192nd Battalion was issued on 15 July 1916.
 Organization of the battalion took place in Blairmore, Alberta, and the surrounding district in January 1916 under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel H.E. Lyon.
 The total strength of the 192nd Battalion was 23 officers and 424 soldiers of other ranks.
 The 192nd Battalion embarked from Halifax 1 November 1916 aboard the RMS "Empress of Britain" and disembarked in England 10 days later on the 11th.
 After sailing to England in November 1916, the battalion was absorbed into the 9th Reserve Battalion on November 12, 1916.
 They were disbanded by Privy Council Order 2702 on 12 October 1917.
The 2nd Battalion, 80th Field Artillery was constituted on 1 July 1916 in the Regular Army as Troops C and D, 22nd Cavalry.
 It was reorganized on 21 June 1917 at Fort Oglethorpe, Georgia and then consolidated, converted, and redesignated on 1 November 1917 as Battery B, 80th Field Artillery.
 On 10 September 1921, it was inactivated at Camp George G. Meade, Maryland.
 On 12 October 1939, it was activated at Fort Lewis, Washington.
 On 1 October 1940, the 2-80 FA was reorganized and redesignated as Battery B, 80th Field Artillery Battalion.
 On 20 July 1947, it was inactivated in Korea.
 It was reactivated on 4 October 1950 at Fort Ord, California, where it was later inactivated on 3 April 1956.
 On 2 June 1958, 2-80 FA was redesignated s Headquarters and Headquarters, 2nd Missile Battalion, 80th Field Artillery.
 The battalion activated 25 June 1958 at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where it later inactivated on 25 March 1963.
 On September 1971, it was redesignated as the 2nd Missile Battalion, 80th Field Artillery.
 On 28 February 1987, the 2-80 FA was reorganized and activated as the 2nd Battalion, 80th Field Artillery, consisting of three Basic Training and two Advanced Individual Training Batteries.
 Later it was reorganized to consist of four Army and one Marine Field Artillery Advanced Individual Training batteries.
The Brigade of The Guards is a Mechanized Infantry Regiment of the Indian Army.
 It was raised as the first "all India", "all class" infantry regiment of the Army where troops from all parts of India serve together, as opposed to other regiments that recruit from specific regions, ethnic groups or religions.
 The Brigade of Guards was raised on the lines of the elite 'Guards' units of the world, particularly, the Coldstream Guards of the British Guards Division.
 The Regiment was raised to implement the government's policy of encouraging Army recruitment from classes and regions which had been under-represented in the forces.
 Raised as The Guards Brigade, the old system of class composition was replaced with recruitment open to all regions, castes, creeds, and sections of society.
 Three of the Army's oldest and most distinguished battalions — 2nd battalion 2nd Punjab Regiment, 1st battalion Indian Grenadiers Regiment and 1st battalion 6th Rajputana Rifles were converted as Guards battalions in 1949.
 Later, they were joined by the 1st battalion Rajput Regiment.
 It was the only regiment of foot guards in the Indian Army.
 Though the Brigade of The Guards is only 50 years old, its constituent battalions go back as far as 225 years and between them share 93 battle honours earned around the globe.
 The Brigade of The Guards distinguished itself by being awarded the most number of Battle Honours post Independence.
 The Regiment was the brain-child of Field Marshal K. M. Cariappa or Kodandera "Kipper" Madappa Cariappa OBE (28 January 1899 – 15 May 1993) who was the first Indian commander-in-chief (C-in-C) of the Indian Army.
 He raised the Brigade of the Guards and coined the phrase; "The Guards, The Elite".
LTG David D. Halverson assumed the duties of the commanding general of the U.S. Army Installation Management Command and Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management April 8, 2014.
 Previously, he served as deputy commanding general/chief of staff, U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command TRADOC.
 Halverson assumed duties as the Deputy Commanding General/Chief of Staff, U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command on 4 June 2012.
 Halverson's first duty assignment was in the 1st Cavalry Division, Fort Hood, Texas in 1979 where he served as a Battalion Reconnaissance Officer, Battery Fire Direction and Executive Officer and Battalion Adjutant.
 Since then, Halverson has served in various staff and leadership positions including command at every level from Battery to Post Command.
 His commands include A Battery, 6th Battalion, 29th Field Artillery, 8th Infantry Division; 2nd Battalion, 82nd Field Artillery, 1st Cavalry Division; 2nd Infantry Division Artillery, Operational Test Command, and Commanding General, Fires Center of Excellence and Fort Sill.
