Liquid Assets Paint & Pigment Company is an artist supply company based in Buenos Aires, Argentina that manufactures acrylic paints and pigments created with real currency, such as Euro, US Dollar, Argentine Peso, and Romanian Leu.
 The Company's slogan "The Price of Art" refers to the company's assertion that its products allow fine artists to quantify the precise and actual value of a work of art created using Liquid Assets products.
 The company was started in 2007 by a group of Buenos Aires based professional artists and presently operates a manufacturing plant in Buenos Aires, as well as a retail store in the Palermo Soho neighborhood.
 In September 2010, Liquid Assets opened a temporary pop up store in New York City's Tribeca neighborhood in conjunction with the Swervewolf Experience marketing and design firm.
 Although artists have used valuable commodities such as gold leaf to create works of art for centuries, such as gilding, Liquid Assets Paint & Pigment Company is the world's only known manufacturer of artist paint and pigment created with actual currency.
Alejandro Paul Vandenbroele is an Argentinian-Belgian lawyer and businessman who is a leading figure in the Argentinian financial scandal known both as Boudougate and as “Caso Ciccone,” which erupted in February 2012.
 As president of a Dutch-based firm called The Old Fund, he has been accused of being a front man for Argentinian Vice President Amado Boudou and for Boudou's business partner Núñez Carmona in a purported scheme involving the purchase and control of the printing house Ciccone Calcografica, later known as Compañía de Valores Sudamericana (American Securities Company), or CVS, which printed banknotes and documents for the government of Argentina.
The peso (established as the "peso convertible") is the currency of Argentina, identified by the symbol $ preceding the amount in the same way as many countries using dollar currencies.
 It is subdivided into 100 "centavos".
 Its ISO 4217 code is ARS.
 Several earlier currencies of Argentina were also called "peso"; as inflation progressed a new currency with a few zeroes dropped and a different qualifier (peso "national currency", peso "law 18188", peso "argentino"...) was introduced.
 Since 1970, thirteen zeroes have been dropped (a factor of ten trillion).
The caja de conversión was the body responsible for maintaining the value of the Argentine peso in gold, as part of the currency board that operated in Argentina before 1935.
 It was a precursor of sorts to the Argentine Currency Board of the 1990s.
Boudougate is a political scandal in Argentina involving Vice President Amado Boudou and the printing house Ciccone Calcográfica.
 The AFIP, the revenue service of Argentina, requested Ciccone's bankruptcy in July 2010; but the AFIP reversed itself on September 24, 2010, and rescinded the bankruptcy request.
 A shell corporation named "The Old Fund", represented by Alejandro Vandenbroele, gave 2.3 million pesos to Ciccone; Vandenbroele became president of the organization as a result.
 Boudou, who was Minister of Economy at the time, instructed the AFIP to give Ciccone an exceptional moratorium to refinance debts.
 Boudou denied having any relationship with Vandenbroele, or even knowing about him, but it was confirmed later that Vandenbroele paid the rent and the cable television bill for an apartment belonging to Boudou.
The Eco is the proposed name for the common currency that the West African Monetary Zone (WAMZ) plans to introduce in the framework of Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS).
 After its introduction, the goal is to merge the new currency with the West African CFA franc (used by the French-speaking members of ECOWAS since 1945) at a later date.
 This will create a common currency for much of West Africa.
The austral was the currency of Argentina between June 15, 1985 and December 31, 1991.
 It was subdivided into 100 centavos.
 The symbol was an uppercase A with an extra horizontal line, codepoint ₳.
 This symbol appeared on all coins issued in this currency (including centavos), to distinguish them from earlier currencies.
 The ISO 4217 code is "ARA".
Virtual tax is a proposed tax on internet gamers for items bought or traded solely within the virtual world (Internet game worlds).
 The tax on a transaction would be considered as if it were a purchase or sale (if real currency is involved) or barter (if not).
 Virtual property, on the death of the owner, would be considered as if it were any other intangible property for the purpose of estate or inheritance tax.
 The Joint Economic Committee of the U.S. Congress has investigated taxing such transactions.
 This tax might include items bought with virtual currency, virtual items traded for other virtual items, real items traded for virtual items, and real currency traded for virtual items.
Fictional currency is the currency used in works of fiction.
 It may be used in alternative worlds, eras, or realities.
 The use of "credits" is particularly common in futuristic settings, so much so that Sam Humphries has pointed it out as a cliché: "In any science-fiction movie, anywhere in the galaxy, currency is referred to as 'credits.'"
 Credits are frequently envisioned as a form of electronic money.
José María Nuñez Carmona is an Argentinian businessman and entrepreneur who is a business partner and close friend of Amado Boudou, the Vice President of Argentina.
 He is one of the principals in the Boudougate scandal, which has been described by the "Argentina Independent" as “a messy tangle of crossed accusations.”
 The case involves the printing firm Calcográfica Ciccone, which has done many printing jobs for the Argentinian government, including the printing of money.
 The firm was bought in September 2010 by The Old Fund, a company run by Núñez Carmona's friend Alejandro Vandenbroele, and it was charged that Vandenbroele was in fact a front for Boudou and Núñez Carmona, with the latter acting as a middleman in the secret acquisition of the printing firm, whose name was changed after the purchase to Compañía de Valores Sudamericana (CVS).
