Fearless Frank is a 1967 film directed by Philip Kaufman.
 It is notable as the film debut of Jon Voight.
 Voight plays a murdered drifter who gets reanimated and turned into a superhero by a scientist (Severn Darden).
 Other notable cast members include "The Man With the Golden Arm" author Nelson Algren as a mobster named Needles, and "Word Jazz" vocal artist Ken Nordine as the narrator, credited as "The Stranger."
A Walk on the Wild Side is a 1956 novel by Nelson Algren, most often quoted as the source for Algren's "three rules of life": "Never play cards with a man called Doc.
 Never eat at a place called Mom's.
 Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own."
David Scott Milton (born September 15, 1934) is an American author, playwright, screenwriter, and actor.
 His plays are known for their theatricality, wild humor, and poetic realism, while his novels and films are darker and more naturalistic.
 As a novelist, he has been compared to Graham Greene, John Steinbeck, and Nelson Algren.
 Ben Gazzara’s performance in Milton’s play, "Duet", received a Tony nomination.
 Another play, "Skin", won the Neil Simon Playwrights Award.
 His theater piece, "Murderers Are My Life", was nominated as best one-man show by the Valley Theater League of Los Angeles.
 His second novel, "Paradise Road", was given the "Mark Twain Journal" award "for significant contribution to American literature."
The Man with the Golden Arm is a 1955 American drama film with elements of film noir, based on the novel of the same name by Nelson Algren, which tells the story of a drug addict who gets clean while in prison, but struggles to stay that way in the outside world.
 Although the addictive drug is never identified in the film, according to the American Film Institute "most contemporary and modern sources assume that it is heroin", in contrast to Algren's book which named the drug as morphine.
 The film stars Frank Sinatra, Eleanor Parker, Kim Novak, Arnold Stang and Darren McGavin.
 It was adapted for the screen by Walter Newman, Lewis Meltzer and Ben Hecht (uncredited), and directed by Otto Preminger.
 The film's initial release sparked controversy due to its serious, in-depth treatment of the then-taboo subject of drug addiction.
The Man with the Golden Arm is a novel by Nelson Algren, published by Doubleday in November 1949.
 One of the seminal novels of post-World War II American letters, "The Man with the Golden Arm" is widely considered Algren's greatest and most enduring work.
 It won the National Book Award in 1950.
Hotel Kenmore Hall is a 22-story single room occupancy hotel located at 145 East 23rd Street in the Gramercy section of Manhattan, designed by architect Maurice Deutsch and constructed in 1927.
 Author Nathanael West lived and worked at the hotel as a night manager in the early years after the hotel opened; one of West's real-life experiences at the hotel inspired the incident between Romola Martin and Homer Simpson that would later appear in "The Day of the Locust" (1939).
 West allowed friends like Edmund Wilson, Erskine Caldwell, S. J. Perelman and Maxwell Bodenheim free room and meals.
 Dashiell Hammett finished "The Maltese Falcon" here
Kim Edwards (born May 4, 1958) is an American author and educator.
 She was born in Killeen, Texas, grew up in the Finger Lakes region of upstate New York, and graduated from Colgate University and The University of Iowa, where she earned an MFA in fiction and an MA in linguistics.
 She is the author of a story collection, "The Secrets of a Fire King", which was a finalist for the PEN/Hemingway Award; her stories have been published in "The Paris Review, Story, Ploughshares, Zoetrope", and many other periodicals.
 She has received many awards for the short story as well, including a Pushcart Prize, the National Magazine Award, the Nelson Algren Award, and inclusion in both "The Best American Short Stories" and the Symphony Space program ‘Selected Shorts.’
 She is the recipient of a Whiting Writers’ Award, as well as grants from the Pennsylvania and Kentucky Arts Councils, the Kentucky Foundation for Women, and the National Endowment for the Arts.
James F. Light was an American literary scholar, university vice president, and provost.
 During his academic career, he helped revive the works of satirist Nathanael West, with the first book length critical study of his work, "Nathanael West: An Interpretive Study", (Northwestern Univ.
 Press, 1961).
 He was also the leading authority on John William De Forest, the early American realist whose work he critiqued in "John William De Forest" (Twayne Pub., 1965), and he wrote extensively on J. D. Salinger, Robert Penn Warren and others.
Chicago: City on the Make is an essay by Nelson Algren published in 1951.
 Initially greeted with scorn by critics and newspaper editors in the city of its gaze (The "Chicago Daily News" famously called it a "Case for Ra(n)t Control"), it is now widely regarded by scholars as the definitive prose portrait of the city of Chicago, although it has never rivaled the literary status of Carl Sandburg's 1916 poem "Chicago."
 Algren leans heavily on the imagery and themes developed by Sandburg, to whom Algren dedicated the book.
 Curiously, he also quietly leans upon a poem about New York called "The City" by Ben Maddow, from whom Algren lifted powerful images of urban life.
 Subsequent portraits of Chicago, such as Studs Terkel's 1985 "Chicago", have likewise leaned heavily upon Algren's work.
Division Street is a major east-west street in Chicago, Illinois, located at 1200 North (one and a half miles north of Madison Street).
 Division Street begins in the Gold Coast neighborhood near Lake Shore Drive, passes through Polonia Triangle at Milwaukee Avenue into Wicker Park and continues to Chicago's city limits and into the city's western suburbs.
 Once known as "Polish Broadway" during the heyday of Polish Downtown, Division Street was the favorite street of author Nelson Algren.
 A fountain dedicated in his name was installed in what had been the area that figured as the inspiration for much of his work.
