Don Rittner is an American historian, archeologist, environmental activist, educator, and author living in the Capital District, Schenectady County, New York.
 He is the former Schenectady County Historian, responsible for providing guidance and support to municipal historians and serving as a conduit between the State Historian in Albany and the local historians in their counties.
 He is also the former Schenectady City Historian and was the Albany City Archeologist (1973-79).
 He is the author of more than 35 books on history, natural history, computers, and other subjects, and has been collected by libraries worldwide.
The School Of Alternatives, also known as The HUB, is an alternative school in Jackson County, North Carolina for grades K–12 which deals with students who are disabled or have social/behavioral issues in the other county schools.
 It opened in the old Scotts Creek School, built in 1951, in 2002 after the new Scotts Creek Elementary School opened in 2001.
 The building received several renovations when it was converted into the HUB.
 It is the oldest school building still in use as a school in the county.
 It is located on old US 19/23 in the Addie Community and the playgrounds border Scotts Creek.
 When it opened it was a state-of-the-art facility, and didn't require blinds because the building was positioned at such an angle that the sun would always be overhead and would never directly shine into the classrooms windows.
 The building has two floors on the backside and one floor on the front.
 A small addition was added to the middle section of the school in the 1970s or 1980s.
 The Gym/Auditorium is small by modern standards, as the sideline was the wall.
 The new school that replaced Scotts Creek has a separate Gym and Auditorium, both of which are relatively large when compared to the old Gym/Auditorium.
 The HUB also takes in many High School students who either get in fights or have alcohol/drug problems.
The New York Buzz was a professional tennis team competing in World TeamTennis (WTT).
 The team was originally based in Schenectady, New York from 1995 to 2007, before moving to Albany, New York in 2008, and Guilderland, New York in 2009.
 The team was founded as the New York OTBzz in 1995, before changing its name to the Schenectady County Electrics in 1999, and finally adopting the name New York Buzz in 2001.
 In 2008, the team won its third Eastern Conference Championship and went on to defeat the Kansas City Explorers to capture its first and only King Trophy in its fourth appearance in the WTT Final.
New York State Route 160 (NY 160) is a north–south state highway mostly located within Schenectady County, New York, in the United States.
 The southern terminus of the route is at an intersection with NY 159 in the Duanesburg hamlet of Mariaville Lake.
 Its northern terminus is at a junction with NY 5S in the Rotterdam hamlet of Pattersonville.
 While its termini are both in Schenectady County, it briefly passes into Montgomery County near its midpoint.
The Schenectady County Historical Society, located in Schenectady, New York, was established on July 14, 1905, under the Membership Corporation Laws of the State of New York.
 The Society is an independent not-for-profit corporation, not a unit of government.
 Its stated mission as embodied in its constitution was, and remains, “to promote and encourage original historical research; to disseminate a greater knowledge of the history of the State of New York and particularly of Schenectady County; to gather, preserve, display, and make available for study artifacts, books, manuscripts, papers, photographs and other records and materials relating to the early and current history of Schenectady County, New York and of the surrounding area; to encourage the suitable marking of places of historic interest; to acquire by purchase, gifts, devise, or otherwise the title to or the custody and control of historic sites and structures.”
Schenectady County ( ) is a county located in the U.S. state of New York.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 154,727.
 The county seat is Schenectady.
 The name is from a Mohawk language word meaning "on the other side of the pine lands," a term that originally applied to Albany.
Central Avenue, in Albany, New York, is an 11-mile (5 km) stretch in Albany County, of the 16-mile Albany-Schenectady Turnpike, which runs from Lark Street in the city of Albany, westward through the towns of Colonie, New York and Niskayuna, New York, to the city of Schenectady, New York.
 In the city of Albany it is called Central Avenue, in Colonie it is known as Central Avenue or Albany Schenectady Road, and in Schenectady County (Niskayuna and Schenectady) it is called State Street.
 The entire route is also called Route 5.
Schenectady ( ) is a city in Schenectady County, New York, United States, of which it is the county seat.
 As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 66,135.
 The name "Schenectady" is derived from a Mohawk word "skahnéhtati" meaning "beyond the pines".
 The city was founded on the south side of the Mohawk River by Dutch colonists in the 17th century, many from the Albany area.
 They were prohibited from the fur trade by the Albany monopoly, which kept its control after the English takeover in 1664.
 Residents of the new village developed farms on strip plots along the river.
Schenectady County Community College (SCCC) is a two-year college associated with the State University of New York (SUNY) located in Schenectady, New York.
 It was established in 1967 in the Van Curler Hotel in Downtown Schenectady and has undergone multiple expansions through the following decades.
 The school is renowned for its culinary arts department and its recently founded, 3.9 million-dollar School of Music.
 Students interested in a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Hospitality Management with concentrations in Hotel & Resort Management and Travel & Tourism or a BBA in Business & Technology Management with a concentration in Technology may do so at SCCC through a partnership with SUNY Delhi.
 The school's culinary arts program is accredited by the American Culinary Federation.
 Also, a special arrangement with the State University of New York at Fredonia's advanced music degree programs permits SCCC School of Music graduates a conditionally guaranteed transfer.
Schenectady County Airport (IATA: SCH, ICAO: KSCH, FAA LID: SCH) is a county owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Schenectady, a city in Schenectady County, New York, United States.
 It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "reliever airport".
