Comer Vann Woodward (November 13, 1908 – December 17, 1999) was an American historian focusing primarily on the American South and race relations.
 He was considered, along with Richard Hofstadter and Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., to be one of the most influential historians of the postwar era, 1940s–1970s, both by scholars and by the general public.
 He was long a supporter of the approach of Charles A. Beard, stressing the influence of unseen economic motivations in politics.
 Stylistically, he was a master of irony and counterpoint.
 Woodward was on the left end of the history profession in the 1930s.
 By the 1950s he was a leading liberal and supporter of civil rights.
 After attacks on him by the New Left in the late 1960s he moved to the right politically.
Marc Galanter is a Professor of Law Emeritus at the University of Wisconsin Law School.
 Previously he was the John and Rylla Bosshard Professor of Law and South Asian Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and LSE Centennial Professor at the London School of Economics and Political Science.
 He teaches South Asian Law, Law and Social Science, Legal Profession, Religion and the Law, Contracts, Dispute Processing and Negotiations.
 He has authored numerous books and articles related to law, the legal profession and the provision of legal services in India.
Ms. JD is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that promotes women in the legal profession and provides an online forum for dialogue and networking among women lawyers and law students in all arenas of the legal profession.
 Ms. JD was created in 2006, by women law students from 12 law schools from around the United States.
 Ms. JD’s mission is to reinforce and expand the representation of women in law school and the legal profession.
The Medical Council of Thailand is the country's professional regulatory body of the medical profession.
 It operates under the provisions of the Medical Profession Act, B.E. 2525 (1982 CE), which replaced series of earlier legislation dating to the council's foundation in 1923.
 Under the law, the council is tasked with: upholding the profession's ethics; supporting medical education, research and practice; uniting and upholding the dignity of its members; aiding and educating the general population and organizations on relevant matters; advising the government on medical and public health issues; and representing the medical profession in Thailand.
 The council is responsible for granting and revoking licences to practice medicine, as well as certification of medical education programmes and degrees.
 All licensed doctors are members of the council, and are entitled to elect members of its governing body, the Medical Council Committee, and its head, the President of the Medical Council, on a biennial basis.
Donald E. Lively is the co-creator and first dean of Florida Coastal School of Law and founding dean of Phoenix School of Law.
 Florida Coastal School of Law is the first investor-owned law school to be fully accredited by the American Bar Association.
 Its founding, among other things, aimed to address the State of Florida's historical legacy of profound underrepresentation of minorities in the legal profession.
 It has distinguished itself on the basis of student outcomes, as graduates consistently have experienced success in moot court competitions and on the bar examination and outperformed students with similar academic quality indicators.
 Lively is the author of more than 20 books on subjects including constitutional law, race, gender, and civil rights, freedom of speech, and the judicial process.
 Several of his books have won awards.
 He has authored more than 50 law review articles and essays, has lectured extensively domestically and overseas, and is a recipient of the Florida Supreme Court Professionalism Award.
 He is the creator of Law Tuesday, a legal services program that serves disadvantaged persons who otherwise would have no meaningful access to the legal system.
 The Ohio State Bar Association in 2004 named Law Tuesday the state's outstanding pro bono program.
Hofstadter's law is a self-referential time-related adage, coined by Douglas Hofstadter and named after him.
Modern urban planning in Canada can be traced back to the early 1900s, though Indigenous planning, an evolving practice, originated hundreds if not thousands of years ago.
 The planning profession originally focused on city layout, land subdivision and architecture and grew dramatically after 1945 due to the growth of Canadian cities.
 The profession now includes a diverse range of subjects such as urban sociology, data analysis and forecasting, municipal and planning law, management sciences and environmental sciences.
 According to the Canadian Institute of Planners, the profession has grown from only 45 practicing planners in 1949 to about 7,000 practitioners in 2009.
 This page compiles some of Canada’s most notable planners according to their contributions to the profession.
The Law Society of Upper Canada Archives collects and preserves records and other material that documents the history of the legal profession in Ontario.
 The Archives acquires and preserves records of permanent value to the Law Society of Upper Canada, the regulatory body for lawyers and paralegals in the province of Ontario.
 The Archives also accepts external donations of material that is significant to the legal profession in Ontario.
 The Archives serves as an information resource centre for Law Society staff, the legal profession, and the public.
Professional Identification is a type of social identification and is the sense of oneness individuals have with a profession (e.g. law, medicine) and the degree to which individuals define themselves as profession members.
 Professional identity consists of the individual's alignment of roles, responsibilities, values, and ethical standards to be consistent with practices accepted by their specific profession.
Reading law is the method by which persons in common law countries, particularly the United States, entered the legal profession before the advent of law schools.
 This usage specifically refers to a means of entering the profession (although in England it is still customary to say that a university undergraduate is "reading" a course, which may be law or any other).
 "Reading the law" consists of an extended internship or apprenticeship under the tutelage or mentoring of an experienced lawyer.
 A small number of U.S. jurisdictions still permit this practice today.
