Chirutha (English: "Leopard") is a 2007 Indian Telugu action film directed by Puri Jagannadh.
 This film is an unofficial copy of Guy Ritchie's 2002 film, "Swept Away".
 The film marks the debut of Ram Charan, son of the popular Telugu actor Chiranjeevi, in the lead role.
 Delhi-based model Neha Sharma plays the female lead with Ashish Vidyarthi, Prakash Raj and Brahmanandam playing supporting roles.
 The film revolves around Cherry, who searches for Mattubhai who murders his father during his childhood.
 In the process, he falls in love with Sanjana and also finds his mother.
 The rest of the plot shows how Cherry avenges his father's death.
She started her acting career by playing Princess Chaula in Zee TV's television series "Shobha Somnath Ki".
 The show wrapped up and she was immediately approached to play the female lead opposite renowned comedian Vennela Kishore in his first ever movie as a Hero.
 She made her film debut with Vennela Kishore as the female lead in the 2013 Telugu Romantic-comedy film Athadu Aame O Scooter.
 She also appeared as a female lead in MTV's Webbed series opposite Abhishek Malik.
 She was the female protagonist in the Valentines Day special of Fireworks Productions's SuperCops vs Supervillains in Life OK.
 And then appeared in 3 different stories of Fireworks Productions longest running show, Aahat as the Female Lead on Sony TV.
Simhasanam or Simhaasanam is a South Indian Telugu film released in 1986 starring super star Krishna, who also directed the film.
 The film was simultaneously made in Hindi as Singhasan.
 The film is a blockbuster and broke many records in the Telugu film industry.
 The film is based on Janapada Katha.
Kanika Tiwari (born 9 March 1996) is an Indian actress from Madhya Pradesh.
 She debuted into Bollywood with Agneepath (2012).
 She has acted as female lead in Telugu film "Boy Meets Girl (2014)", Kannada film "Rangan Style (2014)", and Tamil film "Aavi Kumar (2015)".
 She is said to act in female lead for season 2 of "Diya Aur Baati Hum".
Madala Rangarao is an Indian Telugu Film Actor and producer noted for Erra Cinema or revolutionary movies in telugu film industry.
 He is popularly known as Red Star by people and associated with Communist Party of India and Prajanatya Mandali.
 Ranga Rao started his career with saitirical telugu film "Chairman Chelamaiah".
 He started his own banner Navataram Pictures and produced and acted movies like Yuvatharam Kadilindi (1980), Erra Mallelu (1981), Mahaprasthanam (1982), Praja Shakthi(1983), Veera Bhadrudu(1984).
.
Raju Bhai is a 2007 Indian Telugu drama film directed by Suriya Kiran, starring Manoj Manchu and Sheela in lead and Dhandapani, Tanikella Bharani and Brahmanandam in supporting roles.
 The film, a remake of the successful 2006 Tamil film "Chithiram Pesuthadi", directed by Myshkin was produced by Manoj's father, Mohan Babu, and was released on 18 May 2007 to poor responses, becoming a box office bomb.
The film was remade in Odia film Abhimanyu in 2009.
Anushka Shetty is an Indian actress who appears in Telugu and Tamil films.
 She made her acting debut in Puri Jagannadh's 2005 Telugu film "Super", and appeared in "Mahanandi", released later the same year.
 The following year, she had four releases, the first being S. S. Rajamouli's "Vikramarkudu", which helped her gain recognition, followed by "Astram" (a remake of the 1999 Hindi film "Sarfarosh"), the Sundar C.-directed "Rendu", (which marked her debut in Tamil cinema), and a special appearance in AR Murugadoss' Telugu film "Stalin".
 She had two releases in 2007: "Lakshyam" and "Don".
 In 2008, she appeared in six films, including "Okka Magaadu", "Swagatam" and "Souryam".
 In 2009, Shetty played two roles in the fantasy "Arundhati".
 She went on to win the Nandi Special Jury Award and the Filmfare Best Telugu Actress Award for this film.
 Her next release that year was "Billa", a Telugu remake of the 2007 Tamil film of the same name.
 Her final release in 2009 was her second Tamil feature film, the masala film "Vettaikaaran", where she appeared as a medical student.
Vijayadasami is a 2007 Indian Telugu action film directed by V. Samudra.
 A remake of Perarasu's Tamil film "Sivakasi" (2005), "Vijayadasami" featured Kalyan Ram and Vedhicka in the leading roles.
Shruti Haasan is an Indian film actress, composer and playback singer who works in Telugu, Hindi, and Tamil cinema.
 Born into the prominent Haasan family, she is the daughter of actors Kamal Haasan and Sarika Thakur.
 Shruti Haasan started her career as a playback singer at the age of six in the 1992 Tamil film "Thevar Magan".
 She later made a cameo appearance in her father's Tamil-Hindi bilingual directorial "Hey Ram" (2000).
 Haasan's first major appearance was in Soham Shah's Hindi film "Luck" (2009), in which she played a dual role of a woman avenging her twin sister's death.
 She played the female lead in the films "Anaganaga O Dheerudu" and "7aum Arivu"; both were released in 2011 and together earned her the Best Female Debut – South at the 59th Filmfare Awards South ceremony.
 Her subsequent releases "Oh My Friend" (2011) and "3" (2012) were commercially unsuccessful.
 The latter earned her a nomination for the Best Actress – Tamil at the 60th Filmfare Awards South ceremony.
 A turning point came in Hassan's career with Harish Shankar's commercially successful Telugu film "Gabbar Singh" (2012).
 The release was followed by a series of successful films such as "Balupu" (2013) and "Yevadu" (2014).
 She received her first Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu for her performance in "Race Gurram" (2014).
Ugadi (Kannada: ಯುಗಾದಿ ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and produced by Mega Hit Productions.
 The film cast includes V. Ravichandran, Telugu actor Srikanth, Kamna Jethmalani and Jennifer Kotwal in the main roles.
 The film is a remake of the successful Telugu film "Santosham" (2002) directed by Dasaradh and starred Akkineni Nagarjuna and Prabhudeva.
