Toyosi Akerele Ogunsiji ,(born Oluwatoyosi Akerele, 8 November 1983) is a Nigerian, Populist Social Entrepreneur and Human Development Expert with over 8 years on - the field experience.
 She is from Lagos State, Nigeria.
 She was named by Forbes as one "The 20 Youngest Power Women In Africa 2014".
 In 2014, she was also nominated for the MTV Africa Music Awards 2014.
 She is a Social entrepreneur and Founder of RISE NETWORKS, a Nigeria-based private and public sector funded Youth Interest social enterprise.
 She is married to Korede Ogunsiji
Davido is an American-born Nigerian recording artist.
 As of December 2014, he has received a total of 29 awards from 74 nominations.
 He is the recipient of a BET Award, a Kora Award, a Channel O Music Video Award, a Ghana Music Award, a Nigeria Music Video Award, 2 MTV Africa Music Awards, 2 African Muzik Magazine Awards, 5 The Headies Awards, 7 Nigeria Entertainment Awards and 2 Dynamix All Youth Awards.
Oladapo Daniel Oyebanjo (born 9 June 1980), known by his stage name D'banj, is a Nigerian singer-songwriter, musician, entrepreneur and TV host.
 He has won several music awards, including the awards for "Best African Act" at the MTV Europe Music Awards 2007, "Artist of the Year" at the MTV Africa Music Awards 2009, Best International Act: Africa at the 2011 BET Awards, and Best-selling African Artist at the 2014 World Music Awards, Evolution award at the 2015 MTV Africa Music awards
Rosemary Wahu Kagwi, professionally known by her mononym Wahu, is a Kenyan singer-songwriter, former fashion model, actress and entrepreneur.
 She released her first single "Niangalie" which received positive reception all over Africa and the world at large.
 She is the inaugural recipient of the MTV Africa Music Awards 2008, for Best Female Artist category.
 Moreover, she has won the Pearl of Africa Music Awards, Chaguo La Teeniez Awards and Kisima Music Awards.
 In the acting industry, Wahu had a leading role in the television series "Tazama".
Cecilia Wairimu (born 28 November 1980), better known by her stage name Amani, is a Kenyan singer and songwriter.
 Her contributions to the Kenyan music industry have earned her several coveted accolades, including the Best Female category at the 2009 MTV Africa Music Awards, Pearl of Africa Music Awards, Kisima Awards and Chaguo La Teeniez Awards.
 She released her debut album in 2006.
The definitive annual celebration of African and international talent and achievement, MAMA 2016 recognises and rewards musicians and achievers who have made the most impact on African music and youth culture over the previous year.
 The 2016 edition of the MTV Africa Music Awards took place on 22 October 2016, at the Ticketpro Dome in Johannesburg, South Africa.
 The awards aired live across Africa on MTV Base, MTV and BET and transmitted worldwide on partner stations and content platforms including BET International.
 The event was hosted by Nomzamo Mbatha, Yemi Alade and Bonang Matheba.
 The show featured performances by Future, Yemi Alade, Nasty C, Babes Wodumo, Cassper Nyovest, Patoranking and many more.
As of June 2017, Nigerian recording artist Wizkid has received a total of 43 awards from 157 nominations.
 He is the recipient of two BET Awards, three Billboard Music Awards, two iHeartRadio Music Awards, one MTV Europe Music Awards, four MTV Africa Music Awards, one iHeartRadio Much Music Video Awards,two SoundCity MVP Awards, one African Pride Award, two MOBO Award, six The Headies Awards, two Channel O Music Video Awards, six Nigeria Entertainment Awards, two Ghana Music Awards, two Dynamix All Youth Awards, two City People Entertainment Awards, and a Future Award.
 In addition, he has been nominated five times at the MTV Europe Music Awards, three times at the American Music Awards, once at the Grammy Awards, as well as four times at the World Music Awards.
The 2014 edition of the MTV Africa Music Awards took place on 7 June 2014, at the Durban International Convention Centre (ICC Arena).
 The awards aired live across Africa on MTV Base and MTV.
 The ceremony was sponsored by KwaZulu-Natal Province, Absolut and the City of Durban.
 The show was hosted by American comedian and actor Marlon Wayans.
 The ceremony featured performances from artists such as Miguel, Trey Songz, Flavour N'abania, French Montana, Tiwa Savage, Davido, Mafikizolo, Uhuru, Oskido, Professor, Diamond Platnumz, Phyno, Yuri Da Cunha, Sauti Sol, Sarkodie, Ice Prince, The Arrows, Khuli Chana, Dr SID, Fally Ipupa, Michael Lowman, Don Jazzy, DJ Clock, Beatenberg, DJ Kent, Big Nuz, Toofan, D'Banj, DJ Vigi, DJ Tira, DJ Buckz, and Burna Boy.
 On 27 May 2014, the nominees for the MTV Base Leadership Award were announced.
 On 28 May 2014, MTV Base revealed Drake, Beyoncé, Rihanna, Pharrell Williams, and Miley Cyrus as the nominees for the Best International Act category.
 Davido and Mafikizolo received the most nominations with four each.
 Mi Casa and P-Square received three nominations.
 Diamond Platnumz and Wizkid were nominated twice for both Best Male and Best Collaboration.
The 2015 edition of the MTV Africa Music Awards took place on 18 July 2015, at the Durban International Convention Centre (ICC Arena).
 The awards aired live across Africa on MTV Base, MTV and BET and transmitted worldwide on partner stations and content platforms including BET International.
 The event was sponsored by KwaZulu-Natal in association with Absolut Vodka and in partnership with The City of Durban and was hosted by Anthony Anderson.
The MTV Africa Music Awards (also known as the MAMAs) were established in 2008 by MTV Networks Africa (now Viacom International Media Networks Africa) to celebrate the most popular contemporary music in Africa.
