The nilgai or blue bull ( ; literally meaning "blue cow"; "Boselaphus tragocamelus") is the largest Asian antelope and is endemic to the Indian subcontinent.
 The sole member of the genus "Boselaphus", the species was described and given its binomial name by German zoologist Peter Simon Pallas in 1766.
 The nilgai stands 1 - at the shoulder; males weigh 109 - , and the lighter females 100 - .
 A sturdy thin-legged antelope, the nilgai is characterised by a sloping back, a deep neck with a white patch on the throat, a short crest of hair along the neck terminating in a tuft, and white facial spots.
 A column of pendant coarse hair hangs from the dewlap ridge below the white patch.
 Sexual dimorphism is prominent – while females and juveniles are orange to tawny, adult males have a bluish-grey coat.
 Only males possess horns, 15 - long.
The Moog Rogue is a monophonic analog synthesizer produced by the original Moog Music in the early 1980s, but, was not designed by Bob Moog.
 Very basic in its design and use, the Rogue featured a 32-note keyboard and two VCOs. VCO number 2 is tunable between a half-step below to an octave above VCO number 1.
 This allows the Rogue to play atonal sounds like the Moog Prodigy.
 The Rogue did not have features to allow the user full flexibility to program the patch settings, however the VCF and the VCA were simple in operation.
 The design of the hard-wired patch system was well thought out (considering its size and cost) and a wide variety of sounds and modulation effects are possible.
 The Rogue also includes a Sample-and-Hold feature that the Prodigy does not.
 The synthesizer is most commonly used for its powerful bass.
 The Rogue is similar in some respects to the famous ARP Odyssey, though smaller and slightly less versatile.
Donald Virgil "Don" Bluth (born September 13, 1937) is an American animator, film director, producer, writer, production designer, video game designer and animation instructor.
 He is known for directing animated films, such as "The Secret of NIMH" (1982), "An American Tail" (1986), "The Land Before Time" (1988), "All Dogs Go to Heaven" (1989) and "Anastasia" (1997), and for his involvement in the LaserDisc game "Dragon's Lair" (1983).
 He is also known for competing with former employer Walt Disney Productions during the years leading up to the films that would make up the Disney Renaissance.
 He is the older brother of illustrator Toby Bluth.
The Secret of NIMH 2: Timmy to the Rescue is a 1998 American direct-to-video animated film produced by MGM Animation and the sequel to the 1982 animated film "The Secret of NIMH".
 In the film, Timothy Brisby, the youngest son of Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby, goes to Thorn Valley wanting to become a hero like his father.
 Martin is missing and it is up to Timmy and his partner Jenny to confront him and get the rats back.
 At Thorn Valley, Timothy learns from a young girl mouse that the mice who were presumed to have been killed during the escape from NIMH are still alive, so he and the rats mount a rescue operation.
American actress Shannen Doherty has appeared in numerous television programs and motion pictures.
 After her television debut in "Father Murphy" in 1981, she landed her first major role in the dramatic western television series "Little House on the Prairie" (1982–1983), and reprised her role in its three television specials.
 Doherty received two Young Artist Award nominations for playing the oldest Witherspoon sibling Kris in the family drama "Our House" (1986–1988).
 She appeared in four films during the 1980s, including the positively-received, animated film "The Secret of NIMH" (1982) and the cult classic "Heathers" (1988).
 Her breakthrough role was as Brenda Walsh in the teen drama "Beverly Hills, 90210" (1990-1994), but she was later dropped from the series because of backstage issues and her negative image as a "bad girl".
 She starred in television films in the early and mid-1990s, and played Rene Mosier in the romantic comedy "Mallrats" (1995) in an attempt to rebuild her career.
Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH is a 1971 children's book by Robert C. O'Brien, with illustrations by Zena Bernstein.
 The winner of the 1972 Newbery Medal, the story was adapted for film in 1982 as "The Secret of NIMH".
A Troll in Central Park (released in some countries as Stanley's Magic Garden) is a 1994 American animated musical fantasy-comedy film directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman, creators of "Rock-A-Doodle", "The Land Before Time", "All Dogs Go to Heaven", "The Secret of NIMH" and "An American Tail".
 It was released on October 7, 1994, by Warner Bros.
 Family Entertainment.
 The film grossed $71,368 at the North American box office.
The Secret of NIMH is a 1982 American animated dark-science fantasy adventure film directed by Don Bluth in his directorial debut.
 It is an adaptation of Robert C. O'Brien's 1971 children's novel "Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH".
 The film was produced by Aurora Productions and released by MGM/UA Entertainment Company for United Artists and features the voices of Elizabeth Hartman, Dom DeLuise, Arthur Malet, Derek Jacobi, Hermione Baddeley, John Carradine, Peter Strauss, and Paul Shenar.
 The "Mrs. Frisby" name in the novel had to be changed to "Mrs. Brisby" during production due to trademark concerns with Frisbee discs.
 It was followed in 1998 by a direct-to-video sequel called "", which was made without Bluth's involvement or input.
 In 2015, a CGI/live action reboot was reported to be in the works.
Jane Langley is a painter, teacher and environmentalist born in 1959.
 She is the CEO and Founder of the social enterprise company Blue Patch.
 Blue Patch launched in Herne Hill, London on September 28th 2014.
 Langley studied at The Royal College of Art, Camberwell, and Chelsea School of Art.
 She was awarded the Sotheby's Fellowship for Painting in 1991 and was made an Abbey Scholar at the British School of Rome in 1993.
 In n 2008 she was Visiting Fellow, at Goldsmiths, University of London, attached to the Constance Howard Resource and Research Centre in Textiles.
 Jane Langley is a 2014 London Leader for Sustainability  (London Sustainable Development Commission, City Hall, London).
The West Peruvian dove or Pacific dove ("Zenaida meloda") was first described in 1843 by the Swiss naturalist Johann Jakob Baron von Tschudi.
 It is closely related to the North American White-winged dove ("Zenaida asiatica"), but is now considered a separate species by ornithologists due to genetic and behavioral differences.
 Specimens are brownish-gray above and gray below, with a bold white wing patch that appears as a brilliant white crescent in flight and is also visible at rest.
 Adults have a bright blue (almost indigo), featherless patch of skin around each eye.
 The legs and feet of adults are red, but unlike "Z. asiatica", their eyes are brown.
 Both sexes are similar, but juveniles have a lighter color than adults, they do not have blue eye rings, and their legs and feet are brownish-pink.
