Stephen Chapin (born 30 Dec 1946) is an American singer/songwriter.
 He is best known as the youngest of the four Chapin brothers, which include Harry Chapin and Tom Chapin and is son of drummer Jim Chapin and Elspeth Burke Chapin Hart, editor, artist and matriarch of the Burke, Leacock, Chapin clan.
 He is the father of Christina Chapin, Frankie Chapin, and Jonathan Chapin.
 He is the uncle of Jen Chapin and The Chapin Sisters.
 He has toured nationally and Internationally, with his own band; The Harry Chapin Band; and with his late brother Harry Chapin as his band leader, musical director, arranger, producer, piano player/multi instrumentalist and singer.
 He continues to perform concerts all over the world with his band The Harry Chapin Band which includes the original members of the band: Steve Chapin, Big John Wallace, and Howard Fields, and new members since 2005, Clark Wallace (Big John's son) and Jonathan Chapin (Steve's son).
 Steve has also produced many albums including "The Chapin Family Christmas album", and has worked as a teacher, arranger, recording artist, commercial producer, performer, singer, and songwriter.
 He has appeared on all Harry Chapin albums, and arranged and produced most of them.
 Most notably, Harry Chapin's "Greatest Stories Live" album which includes his performance of one of his songs "Let Time Go Lightly".
Howard G. Kazanjian (born July 26, 1942) is an American film producer known for "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and "Return of the Jedi".
 Kazanjian is also a former 8-year Vice President of Lucasfilm, Ltd., and a published non-fiction author.
Conjuring is an illustrated book by James Randi.
 Randi gives a detailed history of conjuring, more commonly known as magic, said to be the world's second oldest profession.
 It includes detailed portraits of conjurors, including the Harry Blackstone, Sr., Harry Blackstone, Jr., Harry Houdini and his entourage, Howard Thurston, Robert Heller, Joe Berg, and others.
Chris Enss (born 1961) is an American author and screenwriter.
 Enss has written more than 20 books on the subject of women in the Old West, and has collaborated with producer Howard Kazanjian on four books, including two about Roy Rogers and Dale Evans.
Harry's Harbour is a village located southwest of Baie Verte, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
 The Way office was established in 1889.
 The first Waymaster was Robert Howard.
 It had a population of 199 in 1940 and 192 in 1956.
 Harry's Harbour boasts a beautiful bay and an underground fishing industry.
 Freake is a popular last name for the area.
 Harry’s Harbour was not in the General Census of Newfoundland for the years 1836, 1845 or 1857.
 It appeared for the first time in 1874, in the District of Twillingate – #65.
 It is assumed that the previous communities of Salmon Cove and Jerry’s Cove became the community of Harry’s Harbour.
Raiders of the Lost Ark (also known as Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark) is a 1981 American action adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg, with a screenplay written by Lawrence Kasdan, from a story by George Lucas and Philip Kaufman.
 It was produced by Frank Marshall for Lucasfilm Ltd., with Lucas and Howard Kazanjian as executive producers.
 Starring Harrison Ford, it was the first installment in the "Indiana Jones" film franchise to be released, though it is the second in internal chronological order.
 It pits Indiana Jones (Ford) against a group of Nazis who are searching for the Ark of the Covenant, which Adolf Hitler believes will make his army invincible.
 The film co-stars Karen Allen as Indiana's former lover, Marion Ravenwood; Paul Freeman as Indiana's rival, French archaeologist René Belloq; John Rhys-Davies as Indiana's sidekick, Sallah; Ronald Lacey as Gestapo agent Arnold Toht; and Denholm Elliott as Indiana's colleague, Marcus Brody.
The Apple Capital Museum is a museum located in Berwick, Nova Scotia exploring the history of the Town of Berwick and near-by Kings County communities.
 The museum is housed in a restored 19th century store, originally the Harry Lyons harness shop.
 In the 1940s, it was purchased by Howard Margeson who operated a men's clothing store, taxi business and bicycle shop.
 It was donated to the Museum in 1998 by the Margeson family.
 The Museum was founded in 1998 and shares the building with the tourist bureau for the Town of Berwick.
 The apple industry is a major focus and the Museum includes a large working railway model of the town’s centre during the height of Nova Scotia's apple industry in the 1930s with the extensive tracks and sidings of the Dominion Atlantic Railway.
 The Museum is run by the Apple Capital Museum Society and is open seasonally.
Pattie Howard (born Francine Patience Howard, April 12, Cleveland, Ohio, United States) is an American Gospel and R&B Singer-Songwriter, Producer, Composer and Vocal Arranger.
 She is a music industry veteran who has released two albums with major record labels, RCA Records and Light Records.
 Howard, who owns her own full service entertainment company, PH Balanced Music, is also known for singing background for many major artists including Whitney Houston, Gladys Knight, Brandy, Mary J Blige, Fantasia, Queen LaTifah, Madonna, Andrae Crouch, Michael Jackson, Curtis Siger, Lisa Stanfield, BeBe and CeCe Winans, Reba Rambo,and Diana Ross.
 She has dozens of gold and platinum albums to her credits encompassing artists from almost every genre.
 Howard landed one of her most profound gigs traveling the world with Whitney Houstonfrom 1992-2001, at the height of her career, The Bodyguard Era.
 During the early 2000s, Howard returned to songwriting, music production, mixing, and mastering and is currently singing (solo & background), composing, arranging and producing various artists/bands.
 In 2016 Pattie released 2 singles through her record label PH Balanced Music.
 "Jesus Is His Name" introduces Pattie's daughter Shekinah Nicole Howard in a contemporary gospel duet produced by Wow Jones and co produced by Pattie Howard.
 The second single titled "Feel Me, Heal Me" was also Produced by Wow Jones, written and arranged by Pattie Howard.
Return of the Jedi (also known as Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi) is a 1983 American epic space opera film directed by Richard Marquand.
 The screenplay by Lawrence Kasdan and George Lucas was from a story by Lucas, who was also the executive producer.
 It was the third installment in the original "Star Wars" trilogy and the first film to use THX technology.
 The film is set one year after "The Empire Strikes Back" and was produced by Howard Kazanjian for Lucasfilm Ltd.
 The film stars Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, David Prowse, Kenny Baker, Peter Mayhew and Frank Oz.
Harry Kizirian (Armenian: Հէրի Գիզիրեան ; July 13, 1925 – September 13, 2002) was an Armenian American member of the United States Marine Corps who served during World War II.
 Kizirian's service lasted from February 1944 to February 1946, during which he spent seventeen months overseas.
 Kizirian took part in the Battle of Okinawa, where he landed during the first assault wave while heading a Marine fire team.
