Cassytha is a genus of some two dozen species of obligately parasitic vines in the family Lauraceae.
 Superficially, and in some aspects of their ecology, they closely resemble plants in the unrelated genus "Cuscuta", the dodders.
 When fruit and flowers are absent in the field, the physical resemblance is so close that few people without technical training can tell them apart.
 In this respect and in their ecology the two genera present a spectacular example of convergent evolution.
 In its divergence from habits typical of the Lauraceae, "Cassytha" also presents examples of mosaic evolution
Deckenia is a genus of freshwater crabs from East Africa, in the family Potamonautidae, or sometimes in a family of its own, Deckeniidae.
 The genus was named by Hilgendorf after Karl Klaus von der Decken who collected the first examples during his expeditions to Africa.
 Both species live in swamps from Eyl in Somalia to Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, both in coastal areas and further inland.
 A third species, "Deckenia alluaudi", lives in the Seychelles, and has been transferred to a separate genus, "Seychellum".
Miltoniopsis, abbreviated Mltnps in horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids native to Costa Rica, Panama, Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
 This genus comprises 5 species.
 Miltoniopsis's common name is Pansy Orchid.
Miltoniopsis vexillaria ("the flag-like "Miltoniopsis"") is a species of epiphytic orchid in the genus Miltoniopsis.
Strobilanthes is a genus of about 350 species of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae, mostly native to tropical Asia and Madagascar, but with a few species extending north into temperate regions of Asia.
 Many species are cultivated for their 2-lipped, hooded flowers in shades of blue, pink, white and purple.
 Most are frost-tender and require protection in frost-prone areas.
Strobilanthes japonica is a flowering herbaceous perennial plant from Asia, one of around 350 plants of the genus "Strobilanthes".
 The 20–50 cm ornamental plant is cultivated in Japan and China, and blooms in autumn with 1.5 cm purple to white funnel-shaped flowers.
Nematops is a genus of righteye flounders native to the Indo-West Pacific.
 Due to their small size (up to 10 cm ) and depth of habitation (up to 650 m ) few examples of this genus are caught, and as a result little is known of their morphology and distribution.
Kallima paralekta, the Indian leafwing or Malayan leafwing, is a species of brush-footed butterfly of the genus "Kallima".
 Despite its common names, it is not found in India or Malaysia, but is endemic to Java and Sumatra of Indonesia.
 Like other members of its genus, it is remarkable for its strong resemblance to a dead leaf when its wings are folded.
 It was one of the species encountered by the British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace in his travels in maritime Southeast Asia.
 It is mentioned in his famous 19th-century work "The Malay Archipelago" as one of the best examples of protective camouflage achieved through natural selection.
Hemigraphis is a genus of plants in the family Acanthaceae, consisting of about 30 species native to tropical Asia.
 "Hemigraphis" is sometimes included in the genus "Strobilanthes"
Hericium is a genus of edible mushrooms in the Hericiaceae family.
 Species in this genus are white and fleshy and grow on dead or dying wood; fruiting bodies resemble a mass of fragile icicle-like spines that are suspended from either a branched supporting framework or from a tough, unbranched cushion of tissue.
 This distinctive structure has earned "Hericium" species a variety of common names—monkey's head, lion's mane, and bear's head are examples.
 Taxonomically, this genus was previously placed within the order Aphyllophorales, but recent molecular studies now place it in the Russulales.
