Lisa Howard is an American actress and singer.
 Howard is most known for playing Siobhan in "" and Rona Lisa Peretti in "The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee".
 "Spelling Bee" went on to win many awards, including the Drama Desk Award for Best Ensemble.
 She created the character of Jenny in the new Broadway musical "It Shoulda Been You", receiving a
Lisa Howard (born November 24, 1963 in London, Ontario) is a Canadian television actress.
 She is most notable for her role as Lili Marquette in the series "", her role as Anne Lindsey in "" and her 3 guest appearances in Tropical Heat where she played a hot dressed in black female assassin with a balaclava mask on while having a relationship with the protagonist without him knowing she was the masked hired gun he was looking for.
 In 1987, she starred in the movie, "Rolling Vengeance".
 She also made appearances in numerous series such as "Perry Mason", "Days of Our Lives", "Wings", "Forever Knight", "Loving Friends and Perfect Couples", "", "Cybill", "The Pretender" and "Suddenly Susan".
 She played April Ramirez "Days of Our Lives" from 1988 to 1991, and from September 1995 to February 1996.
 In 1992 she had an appearance as an aerobics instructor on Wings.
Mobs, Inc. is a 1956 film directed by William Asher.
 It stars Reed Hadley and Lisa Howard.
 It was composed of three episodes from the American television series "Racket Squad".
Bounty Hunters is a 1996 American/Canadian film, starring Michael Dudikoff and Lisa Howard.
 It was directed by George Erschbamer.
 The film is followed by .
Lisa Howard (April 24, 1926 – July 4, 1965) was an American journalist, writer and television news anchor who previously had a career as an off-Broadway theater and soap opera actress.
Anne Lindsey is a fictional character from "", portrayed by actress Lisa Howard.
 She was introduced in the third season as a regular cast member of the series as a love interest for Duncan, substituting Tessa Noël.
 However, she left Duncan in the end of the season and only appeared in two more episodes in the following season.
The Chilliwack Cultural Centre is a performing arts venue located in downtown Chilliwack, one hour east of Vancouver, British Columbia.
 The $22 million cultural facility celebrated its grand opening on September 25, 2010 with a concert by Lisa Howard, Jason Graae, David Burnham, Jessica Hendy, and Scott Coulter.
Bounty Hunters 2: Hardball is a 1997 American/Canadian film, starring Michael Dudikoff and Lisa Howard.
 It was directed by George Erschbamer.
 The film is a sequel for Bounty Hunters.
Pattie Howard (born Francine Patience Howard, April 12, Cleveland, Ohio, United States) is an American Gospel and R&B Singer-Songwriter, Producer, Composer and Vocal Arranger.
 She is a music industry veteran who has released two albums with major record labels, RCA Records and Light Records.
 Howard, who owns her own full service entertainment company, PH Balanced Music, is also known for singing background for many major artists including Whitney Houston, Gladys Knight, Brandy, Mary J Blige, Fantasia, Queen LaTifah, Madonna, Andrae Crouch, Michael Jackson, Curtis Siger, Lisa Stanfield, BeBe and CeCe Winans, Reba Rambo,and Diana Ross.
 She has dozens of gold and platinum albums to her credits encompassing artists from almost every genre.
 Howard landed one of her most profound gigs traveling the world with Whitney Houstonfrom 1992-2001, at the height of her career, The Bodyguard Era.
 During the early 2000s, Howard returned to songwriting, music production, mixing, and mastering and is currently singing (solo & background), composing, arranging and producing various artists/bands.
 In 2016 Pattie released 2 singles through her record label PH Balanced Music.
 "Jesus Is His Name" introduces Pattie's daughter Shekinah Nicole Howard in a contemporary gospel duet produced by Wow Jones and co produced by Pattie Howard.
 The second single titled "Feel Me, Heal Me" was also Produced by Wow Jones, written and arranged by Pattie Howard.
Decay is a 2015 American psychological thriller film.
 Starring Rob Zabrecky, Jackie Hoffman, Lisa Howard, Elisha Yaffe, Hannah Barron and Reese Ehlinger.
 Written and Directed by Joseph Wartnerchaney it tells the story of a troubled middle-aged man who falls in love with a corpse.
