Marshall Aerospace and Defence Group is an aircraft maintenance, modification and design company located at Cambridge Airport, which it also owns and operates.
 The company covers all aspects of design, manufacture, maintenance, modification, conversion and logistic support of military, commercial and business aircraft.
 It employs over 4,400 people and is based on an 800 acre site with 1200000 sqft of covered hangar space.
 It works on a large variety of aircraft types and projects.
Aviation Repair Technologies (ART) is an aircraft maintenance company based in Blytheville, Arkansas (one hour north of Memphis, TN).
 It performs aircraft heavy maintenance, aircraft component repair, aircraft line maintenance, aircraft storage, and aircraft disassembly.
 The company was founded in 1998 and currently has 5 line maintenance locations in addition to its headquarters in Arkansas.
 The company has approximately 200 employees.
Scandinavian Airlines System Aktiebolag (, Nasdaq: SAS , ), trading as SAS Group and SAS AB, is an airline holding company headquartered in the SAS Frösundavik Office Building in Solna Municipality, Sweden.
 It is the owner of the airlines Scandinavian Airlines.
 SAS used to own 19.9% of the now defunct Spanish airline Spanair.
 It also owns the aviation services companies SAS Business Opportunities, SAS Cargo Group, SAS Ground Services, and SAS Technical Services.
 It holds minority ownership of Air Greenland, Estonian Air, and Skyways Express.
 SAS Group is partially owned by the governments of Sweden, Denmark, and Norway, with a 21.4%, 14.3%, and 14.3% ownership, respectively.
 The remaining 50% is held by private owners, of which Foundation Asset Management at 7.6% is the only significant one.
 The company is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, the Stockholm Stock Exchange, and the Copenhagen Stock Exchange.
Solna Municipality (Swedish: "Solna kommun" or "Solna stad" , ] ) is a municipality in Stockholm County in south-east Sweden, located just north of the Stockholm City Centre.
 Its seat is located in the town of Solna, which is a part of the Stockholm urban area.
The SAS Frösundavik Office Building is an office building in , Solna Municipality, Sweden, north of Stockholm.
 It servers as the head office of Scandinavian Airlines (SAS) and the SAS Group.
 The SAS head office was for a brief period located in a different building on the property of Stockholm Arlanda Airport in Sigtuna Municipality.
Enkor (full name is "Joint Stock Company (JSC) Enkor") was an airline based in Moscow, Russia.
 It operated scheduled international passenger services and provided technical aircraft maintenance.
 Its main bases were Domodedovo International Airport, Moscow, Ulan Ude Airport (UUD) and Chelyabinsk Airport (CEK).
 In 2004 the airline merged with S7 which inherited their fleet of TU-154M aircraft.
 The TU-134 and Yakovlev Yak-42 aircraft were retired and the TU-154B2 was sold to Kolavia.
Solna centrum is a metro station and shopping mall in Solna Municipality, approximately 5 km from central Stockholm, Sweden.
 It is close to the Råsunda Stadium and opened on 31 August 1975.
 In Solna centrum there are around 120 stores and restaurants, 40 offices and 214 apartments.
SAS Technical Services (STS) has changed name to SAS Tech.
 The company is owned by the SAS Group and provides technical maintenance of aircraft to airlines in and outside the SAS Group.
 The company is one of the world's 15 biggest providers of technical aircraft maintenance and the tenth biggest provider in Europe.
 SAS Tech has full-service contracts for nearly 250 aircraft.
 SAS Tech products cover line, base and heavy maintenance; component maintenance; engineering services; engine management; and maintenance training.
 It is headquartered at Arlanda outside Stockholm and has 3,600 employees.
Solna Church (Swedish: "Solna kyrka" ) is a so-called round church in Solna Municipality near Stockholm, Sweden.
 The church is located on the headland between "Brunnsviken" and "Ulvsundasjön", at the southern end of the cemetery Norra begravningsplatsen.
 The oldest parts of the church are from the later 12th century, a Romanesque fortress church built in stone.
Guangzhou Aircraft Maintenance Engineering Company Limited (Chinese:广州飞机维修工程有限公司), better known as GAMECO, is an aircraft maintenance company in Guangzhou, China.
 Located at Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport, GAMECO provides maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) services.
