Georgette Leblanc (8 February 1869 Rouen, – 27 October 1941 Le Cannet, near Cannes) was a French operatic soprano, actress, author, and the sister of novelist Maurice Leblanc.
 She became particularly associated with the works of Jules Massenet and was an admired interpreter of the title role in Bizet's "Carmen".
 For many years Leblanc was the lover of Belgian playwright and writer Maurice Maeterlinck, and he wrote several parts for her within his stage plays.
 She portrayed the role of Ariane in "Ariane et Barbe-bleue", both in the original 1899 stage play by Maeterlinck and in the 1907 opera adaptation by Paul Dukas.
 Leblanc also appeared in a couple of French films, most notably "L'Inhumaine" in 1924.
 In the last few decades of her life she turned to writing, producing two commercially successful autobiographies and several children's books and travelogues.
Gottfried von Strassburg (died c. 1210) is the author of the Middle High German courtly romance "Tristan", an adaptation of the 12th-century "Tristan and Iseult" legend.
 Gottfried's work is regarded, alongside Wolfram von Eschenbach's "Parzival" and the "Nibelungenlied", as one of the great narrative masterpieces of the German Middle Ages.
 He is probably also the composer of a small number of surviving lyrics.
 His work became a source of inspiration for Richard Wagner's opera "Tristan und Isolde" (1865).
Yseult Island is a small rocky island 0.7 nmi east of Tristan Island and 0.4 nmi north of the east point on Cape Jules.
 Photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946-47.
 Charted by the French Antarctic Expedition under Barre, 1951–52, and so named because of its twin relationship with Tristan Island.
 Yseult is the French spelling of Isolde, legendary heroine incorporated into Arthurian legend and later popularized by Richard Wagner's opera "Tristan und Isolde".
Johanna Meier (born February 13, 1938) is an American operatic soprano.
 She has been described as "one of the foremost Wagnerian sopranos of her era".
 She had an international career, including fourteen years at the Metropolitan Opera and three summers singing the role of Isolde in Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde" for the Bayreuth Festival—the Festival's first American Isolde.
Dalit Hadass Warshaw (born August 6, 1974) is a New York-based composer, pianist, thereminist.
 Previously on the composition and music theory faculty of Boston Conservatory, she currently serves on the composition faculty at CUNY-Brooklyn College.
 Her works have been performed by dozens of orchestral ensembles, including the New York Philharmonic and Israel Philharmonic Orchestras (Zubin Mehta conducting), the Boston Symphony, the Cleveland Orchestra, the Houston Symphony, the Y Chamber Orchestra, the Colorado Symphony and the Albany Symphony Orchestra.
 In April 2006, her piece "After the Victory" for orchestra and chorus, was premiered by the Grand Rapids Symphony and the North American Choral Company.
 Her first recording, entitled "Invocations" was released by Albany Records in 2011.
 Her first piano concerto, "Conjuring Tristan," was commissioned by the Grand Rapids Symphony in 2014.
 The work was inspired by Richard Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde," as well as by Thomas Mann's novella "Tristan."
 The piece received its world premiere in January 2015, with Warshaw as the soloist.
Ariane et Barbe-bleue ("Ariadne and Bluebeard") is an opera in three acts by Paul Dukas.
 The French libretto is adapted (with very few changes) from the symbolist play of the same name by Maurice Maeterlinck, itself loosely based on the French literary tale "La Barbe bleue" by Charles Perrault.
Fire and Sword ("Feuer und Schwert – Die Legende von Tristan und Isolde") is a 1982 German romance/adventure film, directed by .
 It is based on the legend of Tristan and Iseult.
Tristan und Isolde ("Tristan and Isolde", or "Tristan and Isolda", or "Tristran and Ysolt") is an opera, or music drama, in three acts by Richard Wagner to a German libretto by the composer, based largely on the romance by Gottfried von Strassburg.
 It was composed between 1857 and 1859 and premiered at the Königliches Hof- und Nationaltheater in Munich on 10 June 1865 with Hans von Bülow conducting.
 Wagner referred to the work not as an opera, but called it "eine Handlung" (literally "a drama", "a plot" or "an action"), which was the equivalent of the term used by the Spanish playwright Calderón for his dramas.
Paul Abraham Dukas (] ; 1 October 1865 – 17 May 1935) was a French composer, critic, scholar and teacher.
 A studious man, of retiring personality, he was intensely self-critical, and he abandoned and destroyed many of his compositions.
 His best known work is the orchestral piece "The Sorcerer's Apprentice" ("L'apprenti sorcier"), the fame of which has eclipsed that of his other surviving works.
 Among these are the opera "Ariane et Barbe-bleue", a symphony, two substantial works for solo piano, and a ballet, "La Péri".
The Tristan chord is a chord made up of the notes F, B, D♯ , and G♯ .
 More generally, it can be any chord that consists of these same intervals: augmented fourth, augmented sixth, and augmented ninth above a bass note.
 It is so named as it is heard in the opening phrase of Richard Wagner's opera "Tristan und Isolde" as part of the leitmotif relating to Tristan.
