Aktion T4 (German, ] ) was a postwar name for mass murder through involuntary euthanasia in Nazi Germany.
 The name T4 is an abbreviation of "Tiergartenstraße 4", a street address of the Chancellery department set up in the spring of 1940, in the Berlin borough of Tiergarten, which recruited and paid personnel associated with T4.
 Certain German physicians were authorized to select patients "deemed incurably sick, after most critical medical examination" and then administer to them a "mercy death" ("Gnadentod") .
 In October 1939 Adolf Hitler signed a "euthanasia decree" backdated to 1 September 1939 that authorized his personal physician Karl Brandt and "Reichsleiter" Philipp Bouhler to implement the programme.
Karl Freiherr Michel von Tüßling (27 July 1907 – 30 October 1991) was a Schutzstaffel (SS) officer who served in the Nazi government of German dictator Adolf Hitler and in the SS Main Office.
 From 1936 onwards, he was the personal adjutant of "Reichsleiter" and SS-"Obergruppenführer" Philipp Bouhler, who was in charge of Hitler's Chancellery (Kanzlei des Führers), head of the euthanasia programme Aktion T4, as well as co-initiator of Aktion 14f13.
 In 1947 Tüßling provided an affidavit in defence of war criminal Viktor Brack who was sentenced to death at the Nuremberg trials.
Heinrich Gross (14 November 1915 – 15 December 2005) was an Austrian psychiatrist, medical doctor and neurologist, a reputed expert as a leading court-appointed psychiatrist, ill-famed for his proven involvement in the killing of at least nine children with physical, mental and/or emotional/behavioral characteristics considered "unclean" by the Nazi regime, under its Euthanasia Program.
 His role in hundreds of other cases of infanticide is unclear.
 Gross was head of the Spiegelgrund children's psychiatric clinic for two years during World War II.
Artur Hojan (7 August 1973 – found dead, 9 February 2014) was a journalist and published author specializing in the history of the Chełmno extermination camp and the Nazi involuntary euthanasia programme conducted in the territory of occupied Poland by the SS during World War II.
 Hojan was the co-founder of the "Tiergartenstrasse4" Association in 2005 (together with Cameron Munro) devoted to Aktion T4 history, with emphasis on the Kościan psychiatric hospital located where he lived.
 Hojan, age of 40, left home in the evening of 1 December 2013 at 8 p.m. for a walk around town and disappeared.
 His body was found two months later on 9 February 2014 floating in the Obra canal near the town of Kiełczewo, and identified later.
 The cause of death has not been determined.
 He was buried at the Kościan cemetery on 15 February 2014.
 He left behind a wife and young daughter.
 The monograph "Treblinka Death Camp: History, Biographies, Remembrance" by Chris Webb, the co-founder of H.E.A.R.T (also known as the HolocaustResearchProject.org), is dedicated to his memory.
Gerhard Herbert Kretschmar (20 February 1939 – 25 July 1939), was a German child born with severe disabilities.
 After receiving a petition from the child's parents, the German Führer Adolf Hitler authorized one of his personal physicians, Karl Brandt, to have the child killed.
 This marked the beginning of the program in Nazi Germany known as a "euthanasia program" (Aktion T4) which ultimately resulted in the deliberate killing of about 200,000 people with mental and/or physical disabilities.
Am Spiegelgrund was the name of a children's clinic in Vienna where 789 children were killed under the Nazi Regime Children's Euthanasia Program, also known as Aktion T4.
 Between 1940-1945, the clinic operated as part of the psychological institution “Am Steinhof” (renamed the Otto Wagner Clinic) on the Baumgartner Höhe, now located in Penzing, the 14th district of Vienna.
 This clinic was divided into a reform school and a sanatorium for children, which included a so-called Children’s Ward, where sick, disabled, and otherwise ‘un-educable’ adolescents were abused and subjected to harsh medical experiments.
 Some died by lethal injection and gas poisoning; others by disease, undernourishment, exposure to the elements, and 'accidents' relating to their conditions.
 The brains of up to 800 victims were preserved in jars and housed in the hospital for decades.
Dasein ohne Leben – Psychiatrie und Menschlichkeit ("Existence Without Life" – "Psychiatry and Humanity") is a 1942 Nazi propaganda film about the physically and mentally disabled: closeups of disabled persons.
 The director was Hermann Schwenninger, one of the three managing directors of Gemeinnützige Krankentransport ("Charitable Ambulance"), a front company of Aktion T4, the central institution for the mass murder of patients in the Third Reich.
 Schwenninger also wrote parts of the screenplay of "Ich klage an".
 The contract for the film came from Hitler's Chancellery, and was produced by Tobis Film.
Karl Brandt (January 8, 1904 – June 2, 1948) was a German physician and "Schutzstaffel" (SS) officer in Nazi Germany.
 Trained in surgery, Brandt joined the Nazi Party in 1932 and became Adolf Hitler's escort physician in August 1934.
 A member of Hitler's inner circle at the Berghof, he was selected by Philipp Bouhler, the head of Hitler's Chancellery, to administer the "Aktion T4" euthanasia program.
 Brandt was later appointed the Reich Commissioner of Sanitation and Health ("Bevollmächtigter für das Sanitäts- und Gesundheitswesen").
 Accused of involvement in human experimentation and other war crimes, Brandt was indicted in late 1946 and faced trial before a U.S. military tribunal along with 22 others in "United States of America v. Karl Brandt, et al".
 He was convicted, sentenced to death, and later hanged on June 2, 1948.
Adolf Hitler signed a memorandum authorizing involuntary euthanasia in October 1939 to serve as the legal basis for Aktion T4, the Nazi forced euthanasia program.
 Its purpose was to assure the doctors and nurses who took part in the euthanasia program would not be prosecuted for murder.
 During the postwar trials of these same individuals, they attempted to use this decree as a justification for their actions.
Philipp Bouhler (11 September 1899 – 19 May 1945) was a senior Nazi Party official who was both a "Reichsleiter" (National Leader) and Chief of the Chancellery of the Führer of the NSDAP.
 He was also an SS-"Obergruppenführer" in the "Allgemeine SS" who was responsible for the Nazi "Aktion T4" euthanasia program that killed more than 70,000 handicapped adults and children in Nazi Germany, as well as co-initiator of "Aktion 14f13", also called "Sonderbehandlung" ("special treatment"), that killed 15,000–20,000 concentration camp prisoners.
