Interview with a Madman is a hip hop album by Australian criminal Mark "Chopper" Read, released on Rott'n Records on March 13, 2006.
 Read's foray into music features gritty tales of organised crime, jail time and ear mutilation, and he is supported by beats and guest appearances from Hyjak N Torcha, Justice, Lazy Grey, Lotek, Matty B, Necro, Phrase and various other hip hop artists.
 Music videos were made for the tracks "Night With Chopper" and "Remember Me".
The Shocker is the debut album of American rapper Silkk the Shocker, who was then known as Silkk.
 It was released on August 20, 1996, by No Limit Records and Priority Records.
 It features production by Beats By the Pound and guest appearances from C-Murder and Mia X among others.
 "The Shocker" was only a mild success compared to some his future albums and made it to number 49 on the US "Billboard" 200 and #6 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 As with most of No Limit's albums, this featured a lot of guest appearances from members of the record label including his brothers, Master P and C-Murder and group TRU.
Lake Wellington Headley (August 31, 1930 - May 15, 1992) was a private detective and writer.
 He developed a name for himself as supersleuth.
 He also wrote about much of the crime he investigated in a series of true crime books.
 Some of the evidence he uncovered caused convictions to be overturned.
Spiceberg Slim is the eighth studio album by American rapper Spice 1.
 The album was released in 2002 for Hard Tyme Records, & Riviera Records and made it to #79 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album charts and #39 on the Top Independent album charts.
 The album also featured guest appearances from Kokane, Tray Dee, Outlawz and Jayo Felony.
Cathleen "Cathy" Scott (born 1950s in San Diego, California) is a "Los Angeles Times" bestselling American true-crime writer and investigative journalist best known for penning the biographies and true crime books "The Killing of Tupac Shakur" and "The Murder of Biggie Smalls", both bestsellers in the United States and United Kingdom.
 She grew up in La Mesa, California and later moved to Mission Beach, California, where she was a single parent to a son, Raymond Somers Jr.
 Her hip-hop books are based on the drive-by shootings that killed the rappers six months apart in the midst of what has been called the West Coast-East Coast war.
 Each book is dedicated to the rappers' mothers.
The Dynasty: Roc La Familia is the fifth studio album by American hip-hop artist Jay-Z, featuring prominent appearances from signees of Roc-A-Fella Records.
 It was released on October 31, 2000, by Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings.
 Its lead single, "I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me)", produced by The Neptunes, was one of Jay-Z's most successful singles peaking at number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The album debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200 with 557,789 copies sold in its first week and more than 2.3 million copies sold to date.
 The album generally received positive reviews from music critics and the album ended up becoming the 20th highest selling R&B/Hip-Hop Album of the 2000–2010 decade according to "Billboard".
Majors is a Danish hip-hop group consisting of MCs Nat Ill, J-Spliff, Negash Ali and the disc jockeys DJ Static (former DMC World DJ Championship winner) and DJ Noize.
 The five members first came together in the City Hall studio in Århus in 2007 to start recording.
 On April 28th 2008 they released their self-titled debut album, which has been called "the best English-language hip-hop album made in Denmark".
Music & Me is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Nate Dogg, released by Elektra Records in 2001.
 It received a fair amount of critical and commercial success upon release.
 Its popularity was led by the hit single "I Got Love" which appeared on the soundtrack to the Jason Statham film, "The Transporter", and has reached #33 on the Rhythmic Top 40 chart.
 The album's success was also because of its various vocal guest appearances from Dr. Dre, Xzibit, Kurupt, Fabolous, Ludacris, Pharoahe Monch, Snoop Dogg, Tha Eastsidaz, Jermaine Dupri, B.R.E.T.T., and Lil' Mo.
 Most of these guest appearances turned this into more of a hip-hop album than an R&B album.
 The album includes production by Bink!
, Dr. Dre, Mel-Man, Battlecat, Damizza, Fredwreck Nassar, Mike City, Bryan Michael-Cox, and Megahertz.
 According to SoundScan, "Music & Me" has sold 400,000 copies to date.
The Future Is Now is the debut album by the New York City hip hop group Non Phixion, released in March 2002 on Uncle Howie Records.
 The album garnered acclaim among critics and fans, and is considered to be an underground classic.
 A double disc "Platinum Edition" of the album was released in 2004, with the second disc featuring instrumental versions of the fourteen full-length tracks found on disc one.
 "The Future Is Now" features an all-star production lineup, including legends such as DJ Premier, Pete Rock, Large Professor and JuJu of The Beatnuts, as well as group affiliate Necro, Dave 1 of Chromeo and T-Ray.
 The album features guest appearances from Necro, MF DOOM, The Beatnuts, Al Tariq, Marley Metal, Stephen Carpenter of Deftones, and Christian Olde Wolbers and Raymond Herrera of Fear Factory.
 The album's cover art was created by Mear One.
You Are Not Alone is the second album from hip-hop group and songwriting duo Kinetics & One Love.
 Released on August 28, 2012, the album features guest appearances from Termanology, Wynter Gordon, Nitty Scott, Jon Bellion, Time Out Club's KTSB and the Lower East Side-based rapper and poet Accent.
 It also features guest production from Kenna Okoye.
 Within its first two hours on sale, the album broke the top ten on the iTunes hip-hop chart and climbed to #55 on the all albums iTunes chart.
 It also charted at No. 57 on "Billboard Magazine"'s R&B/Hip-Hop chart and No. 32 on its Heatseekers chart.
 Upon its release, "You Are Not Alone" was reviewed by "Billboard Magazine", MTV's Buzzworthy, "Vibe Magazine", "Complex Magazine","The Source Magazine" and "XXL Magazine".
