Prevention is an American healthy lifestyle magazine, started in 1950, and published by Rodale Press in Emmaus, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 The range of subjects includes food, nutrition, workouts, beauty, and cooking.
 It was founded by J. I. Rodale and is currently led by Editorial Director Anne Alexander.
 It is one of the largest magazines in the world, with a circulation of 2 million editions around the world, and over 10,000,000 readers a month.
 The last edition of the Australian version of "Prevention" was published in December 2016.
HUMAN Healthy Vending is an American healthy vending machine franchisor and food distribution company based in Culver City, California.
 The "HUMAN" in the company's name is an acronym that stands for "Helping Unite Mankind And Nutrition".
 HUMAN distributes healthy foods via healthy vending machines, healthy "micro"markets', and direct-to-business/consumer snack delivery services.
Chitterkote is a small village in tehsil Karnah and district Kupwara.
 The village's population exceeds 1,200, with more than 129 houses.
 The village has a very healthy sex ratio of 997:1000, which means villagers do not follow discrimination of a girl from a boy.
 Although the population of the village increases day by day because the people of nearby villages are attracted towards the village to set up their business in the village, the village is slowly growing into a small town with all available facilities for living a healthy lifestyle.
 Some important infrastructures in the village are a 30-bed hospital, a branch of Jammu and Kashmir bank etc.
 Generally villagers are economically poor and also not well educated.
 Some people are serving in defence forces as soldiers and some are teachers in local schools.
"ADDitude" Magazine is the quarterly consumer publication about attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD ADHD) created and distributed by New Hope Media in New York, NY.
 It contains feature and service articles about ADD, ADHD and learning disabilities like dyslexia.
 It addresses topics including: diagnosing ADHD in children and adults, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder treatments including medication and/or alternative therapies, parenting children with ADHD, learning disabilities and school challenges, and living with adult ADD.
 ADDitude Magazine is described by child psychotherapist Keath Low as "The happy, healthy lifestyle magazine for people with ADD."
The Health and Obesity: Prevention and Education (HOPE) curriculum is a program designed to teach existing and future pediatric clinicians about childhood obesity and the steps to teach patients and their families to live a healthy lifestyle in order to prevent obesity.
 The programs goals are to raise awareness for healthy living for children and their families, and the effects and preventative methods of childhood obesity.
 Topics covered in the HOPE curriculum include nutrition, medicine, dentistry, behavioral counseling, and education, all designed by experts in that particular field.
 Pediatric clinicians complete the HOPE curriculum through series of online classes, all teaching the effects of obesity in young children and ways of counseling families with children who may be at risk for health problems due to obesity.
 The HOPE curriculum program is delivered online through a series of learning videos, role playing exercises, lectures through PowerPoint, and testing in order to become certified.
 The tools supplied in order to complete the course are lecture videos with PowerPoint and clinical tool kits that include: clinical algorithms’, assessment forms for patients, handouts and brochures containing information on healthy living and childhood obesity, and resource lists of places more information pertaining to the program.
 The activities and leaning modules can be completed alone or in groups, but the role playing activities are recommended to be practiced in groups.
 After the completion of the HOPE curriculum and passing the test, 10 and a half hour of credit is received in the AMA PRA (American Medical Association Physicians Recognition Award) category.
Vegetarian Times is an American magazine published nine times a year (three double issues) by Cruz Bay Publishing, Inc.
 The magazine's audience consists of vegetarians, vegans, and "semi-vegetarians" who are focused on a healthy lifestyle.
 "Vegetarian Times" promotes an eco-friendly lifestyle with recipes, wellness information, cooking techniques, and information on "green" products.
 Half of the readership do not follow a strict vegetarian diet.
Football World, later renamed "Athletic World", was an American magazine devoted to the coverage of inter-collegiate sports.
 Its masthead described it as "A Magazine With a Mission to Serve the College Man," a publication "devoted to Inter-collegiate Athletics and sports of Amateur standing only."
 It was founded in 1921 by J. D. Fetzer.
 The name of the magazine was later changed to "Athletic World" as the coverage extended to a broader range of sports, including women's swimming.
 Unlike other sports magazines of the era, which focused on promoting a healthy lifestyle, "Football World/Athletic World" celebrated the entertainment value of sports with a special emphasis on the personalities of famous athletes.
 The magazine was renamed "Outing" in December 1924, reflecting a change in its focus.
Prenatal care, also known as antenatal care is a type of preventive healthcare, with the goal of providing regular check-ups that allow doctors or midwives to treat and prevent potential health problems throughout the course of the pregnancy while promoting healthy lifestyles that benefit both mother and child.
 During check-ups, pregnant women will receive medical information over maternal physiological changes in pregnancy, biological changes, and prenatal nutrition including prenatal vitamins.
 Recommendations on management and healthy lifestyle changes are also made during regular check-ups.
 The availability of routine prenatal care, including prenatal screening and diagnosis, has played a part in reducing maternal death rates and miscarriages as well as birth defects, low birth weight, neonatal infections and other preventable health problems.
Zardip's Search for Healthy Wellness was an educational Canadian television show from the 1980s intended to teach public health messages to schoolchildren.
 Zardip Pacific, played by Keram Malicki-Sánchez, is an alien from a planet whose inhabitants are becoming sick as they do not know how to live a healthy lifestyle.
 He takes the form of a boy and ventures to Earth to report the habits of humans to his home planet.
 He befriends a group of teenagers, who instruct their new and ignorant friend on topics ranging from nutrition to exercise, all the while unaware of Zardip's true identity.
Weight management is a long-term approach to a healthy lifestyle.
 It includes a balance of healthy eating and physical exercise to equate energy expenditure and energy intake.
 Developing healthy eating habits while using tips that will keep us fuller longer can be useful tools in weight management.
 Knowing what your body needs is important to weight management and can control overconsumption and underconsumption of food.
