Frances Greenslade is a Canadian writer born in St. Catharines, Ontario, where she grew up with four sisters and one brother playing among the orchards of the Niagara Peninsula.
 The family moved to Winnipeg, Manitoba, when she was ten.
 Greenslade earned a degree in English at the University of Winnipeg before moving to Vancouver, British Columbia, where she completed her MFA in Creative Writing at the University of British Columbia in 1992.
 In 2005 Frances and her family moved to Penticton, in the southern Okanagan, where her love of British Columbia's landscape flourished and was a source of inspiration in writing "Shelter," her first novel.
 Greenslade now lives in Penticton, British Columbia, where she teaches English Literature at Okanagan College and is working on a new novel called "Sing a Worried Song", set in rural Manitoba and Bombay, India in the 1970s.
Cary Wolfe (born 1959) currently teaches English at Rice University.
 He has written on a range of topics, from American poetry to bioethics.
 He has been a significant voice in recent debates in Animal Studies and advocates a version of the posthumanist position.
 He is series editor for Minnesota Press's Posthumanities Series.
 He was born and grew up in North Carolina.
Tina Manker (born 3 March 1989 in Ludwigsfelde) is a German rower.
 She currently teaches English at Onslow College, where she is in charge of the school's rowing club.
Aaron Parrett (born 1967) is an American musician, author, and letterpress printer.
 Born in Butte, Montana , he earned a PhD in Comparative Literature in 2001 from The University of Georgia.
 He is currently Professor of English Literature at the University of Providence in Great Falls, Montana.
Ramabai Espinet (born 1948) is an Indo-Caribbean poet, novelist, essayist, and critic from Trinidad and Tobago.
 Espinet was born in San Fernando, Trinidad and Tobago.
 She attended York University in Toronto, Canada before earning a Ph.D. at the University of the West Indies, St. Augustine, Trinidad.
 She currently teaches English at Seneca College.
 Her writings on Euro-Creole women is influenced from works from Jean Rhys and Phyllis Shand Allfrey.
 Most of Espinet's works relate to her Indo-Caribbean heritage.
 Sister Vision Press published her first four works in Toronto, Canada.
Ankur Betageri (born 18 November 1983 in Bangalore, Karnataka) is an Indian poet, fiction writer, photographer and arts activist.
 He currently teaches English at Bharati College, University of Delhi.
 In 2012, he was named as one of the ten best writers in the country by the English daily Indian Express.
 He holds a Masters in Clinical Psychology from Christ University, Bangalore.
 Betageri is also known for founding the public arts and activist platform, Hulchul, whose artistic interventions in reclaiming Public Spaces like public washrooms and roadside walls, and the use of art to transform the everyday urban life have been widely appreciated.
 As a poet he has represented India at The III International Delphic Games (2009) at Jeju, South Korea, and Lit Up Writers Festival (2010) at Singapore.
Nitoo Das, a poet from Assam, first came to Delhi to study English Literature in Jawaharlal Nehru University.
 She decided to stay on in this city and now teaches English in Indraprastha College for Women, University of Delhi.
 Her doctoral thesis is a study of ‘British Representation of Colonial Assam’, which she followed up with a project on ‘Poetry as Hypertext: A Study of MSN Communities’.
 "Boki", her first collection of poetry, was published in 2008 by Virtual Artists Collective.
 Her poetry is featured in various other places such as "Poetry International Web, Pratilipi, Muse India, Eclectica, The Four Quarters Magazine, The Seven Sisters Post".
 She has been to Sangam House, at Nrityagram near Bangalore, for a writing residency, in early 2012.
 Her other interests include fractals, caricatures, comic books, horror films, studies of online communities, bird watching, and photography.
 Much of her poetry is clever word play, haunted by a sense of lyricism and musicality.
Lakshmi Raj Sharma (Hindi: लक्ष्मी राज शर्मा) (born 1954) is an Indian author, novelist, and academician.
 He teaches English literature and literary theory.
 He is currently a Professor at the Department of English and Modern European Languages at the University of Allahabad, Allahabad.
 Recently his novel The Tailor's Needle was published.
 A few other books are also to his credit.
 He is also an active blogger.
Kevin R. Griffith (born January 22, 1964) is an American poet and short fiction writer.
 He has published several books and currently teaches English at Capital University in Bexley, Ohio.
 In addition to his books, he has had over two hundred poems published over the last twenty years.
Peter Brown Hoffmeister is an American author and rock climber.
 His books include "Too Shattered For Mending", "This Is The Part Where You Laugh", "The End of Boys", "Let Them Be Eaten By Bears - A Fearless Guide To Taking Our Kids Into The Great Outdoors", and "Graphic the Valley".
 He has also written for "Climbing Magazine", "Rock and Ice", VICE, Climbing.com, "Gripped Magazine", "Ampheta'Zine", and the "Huffington Post", and was a 2006 recipient of the Oregon Literary Arts Fellowship for Fiction.
 He has worked as a rock climbing and whitewater rafting guide, and currently teaches English, Outdoor Pursuits, and survival in Eugene, Oregon.
