Joseph Scott Galloway (born November 20, 1971) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League and current college football analyst with ESPN.
 He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks eighth overall in the 1995 NFL Draft and also played for the Dallas Cowboys, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, New England Patriots, Pittsburgh Steelers and Washington Redskins.
 He played college football at Ohio State.
Zachary "Zach" Werenski (born July 19, 1997) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman for the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Werenski was drafted eighth overall by the Blue Jackets in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Nikolas Tomas Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is a Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 A native of Mississauga, Ontario, Stauskas played two seasons of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition for the Michigan Wolverines ending with the 2013–14 team before declaring for the NBA draft.
 Stauskas was drafted eighth overall in the 2014 NBA draft by the Sacramento Kings, for which he began his NBA career.
 Towards the end of his rookie season, Stauskas was tagged with the nickname Sauce Castillo after a closed captioning error resulted in a social media meme.
 Stauskas, whose family is of Lithuanian heritage, is a member of the Canadian national basketball team.
Mark Anthony Gozar Andaya (born March 22, 1981 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipino former professional basketball player.
 He was drafted eighth overall by Talk 'N Text in the 2006 PBA draft.
 After playing for the Philippine Patriots in the ASEAN Basketball League, he was acquired by the Barako Bull Energy Boosters.
 He also had a brief stint with the Misamis Oriental Meteors in the Liga Pilipinas.
Lars Niklas Sundström (born June 6, 1975) is a former professional ice hockey player who started his professional career in Modo Hockey.
 He was drafted eighth overall in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Rangers.
 He was also on Wayne Gretzky's line.
 He was not known for his goal scoring ability, but for his defensive play.
 He was traded to the San Jose Sharks in 1999, and to the Montreal Canadiens in 2003.
 Sundström plays forward and specializes in defensive roles.
 When he was a junior player he formed a line in Modo with future NHL stars Peter Forsberg and Markus Näslund.
 He wore the number 24 for the San Jose Sharks and the New York Rangers but wore the number 37 for the Montreal Canadiens.
 After 11 NHL seasons, he returned to play in Sweden at the start of the 2006–07 season, leading Modo to a surprise title during his first season, scoring several vital goals in the playoffs.
 He formed an effective partnership with Norwegian Per-Åge Skrøder, leading to Skrøder winning the top scorer rankings in 2009.
 Modo still missed the playoffs that year, despite Sundström having the best plus-minus rating in the entire series.
 On December 3, 2013, Sundström officially announced his retirement.
Channing Thomas Frye (born May 17, 1983) is an American professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The 6'11" power forward–center played college basketball for the University of Arizona.
 He was drafted eighth overall by the New York Knicks in the 2005 NBA draft, and was the first college senior to be selected in that draft.
 He has previously played for the Knicks, Portland Trail Blazers, Phoenix Suns, and Orlando Magic.
Rudy Carlton Gay Jr. (born August 17, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The 6'8" small forward played college basketball for the University of Connecticut before being drafted eighth overall in the 2006 NBA draft by the Houston Rockets; he was traded to the Memphis Grizzlies days later.
Terrence James Elijah Ross (born February 5, 1991) is an American professional basketball player for the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He played college basketball for the University of Washington, where he was a first-team All-Pac-12 selection before being drafted eighth overall in the 2012 NBA draft by the Toronto Raptors.
 As a rookie, he was crowned champion of the 2013 Sprite Slam Dunk Contest.
 In January 2014, he became the first player in NBA history to score 50 or more points in a game while averaging fewer than 10 points per game.
Ally Malott (born October 31, 1992) is an American basketball player who last played for the Washington Mystics of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
 She was drafted eighth overall in the 2015 WNBA draft.
Jordan Craig Hill (born July 27, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Hill played college basketball for the Arizona Wildcats before he was drafted eighth overall in the 2009 NBA draft by the New York Knicks.
 He was traded in the middle of his rookie season to the Houston Rockets, and was again involved in a midseason trade to the Los Angeles Lakers in 2011–12.
 In 2015, he signed with the Indiana Pacers, but departed after just one season, signing with the Timberwolves in 2016.
