Messengers is an American Christian metal band, and they primarily play thrash metal.
 They come from Dallas, Texas.
 The band started making music in 2008, and their members are lead vocalist, Chad Paramore, lead guitarist, Chance Paramore, bassists, Travis Kilgore and Phillip Germ, and drummer, Noah Boyce.
 The band released an extended play, "Anthems", in 2010 with Facedown Records alongside Strike First Records.
 Their second extended play, "No Shelter", was released in 2013.
 They are not to be confused with the UK Prog band, "Messenger", whose demo "Solid Chirps" sounds entirely different.
Kate Elizabeth Voegele ( ; born December 8, 1986) is an American singer-songwriter and actress.
 She made her musical debut in 2003, with the release of her "The Other Side" extended play.
 She performed numerous local live shows to promote the album, and toured with artists such as John Mayer.
 In 2005, she released her second extended play, "Louder Than Words".
 Both had local success, and helped raise awareness of Voegele as an artist.
 During this time period, Voegele performed at events such as Farm Aid to promote her music, and began posting her music on popular social media network MySpace.
 She also won numerous awards and honors for her songwriting abilities.
The discography of the Emery, an American post-hardcore band, consists of five studio albums, four extended plays and one box set.
 The band's first extended play, "The Columbus EEP Thee", was released in 2002 and failed to rank on the national chart.
 Emery released their second extended play, "The Weak's End" EP, in 2004 to help them become noticed by record labels.
OO is the second extended play by South Korean singer Zion.T.
 It was released by YG Entertainment subsidiary label The Black Label on February 1, 2017.
 The extended play features his collaboration with G-Dragon and Beenzino.
Crime Cutz is the second extended play by American synthpop duo Holy Ghost!
, consisting of Nick Millhiser and Alex Frankel.
 Its title came from the name of a person of the same name who offered a drum break for the title track that was not included in the final mix.
 Containing a 1980s-style atmosphere and noted by one reviewer to be the duo's cleanest sounding release so far, the extended play was influenced by Russian disco records Frankel found on eBay.
 DFA Records released the title track as a single in February 2016, and the EP was distributed in April 2016 to generally positive reviews.
Daydream is the second extended play by South Korean rock band Day6.
 It was released by JYP Entertainment on March 30, 2016.
 The extended play features six original tracks.
The discography of American singer-songwriter Jeffree Star consists of one studio album, three extended plays, five singles and four music videos.
 After self-releasing an extended play "Plastic Surgery Slumber Party" in 2007, Star founded his own label Popsicle Records.
 He released his second extended play, "Cupcakes Taste Like Violence", in December 2008.
 The extended play produced one commercial single, "Lollipop Luxury".
 In September 2009, Star released his debut studio album, "Beauty Killer".
 The album produced one commercial single, "Prisoner" and two music videos for "Get Away with Murder" and "Beauty Killer".
 On October 2, 2012, Star released a four-track single called "Mr. Diva" to tide fans over and play new music on tour.
 "Mr. Diva" was also released as a limited edition vinyl record with "Legs Up" being the B-side track; it was a red heart shape with 500 copies printed.
 Star released his single "Love to My Cobain" on June 25, 2013 with the music video being released August 15.
Code#01 Bad Girl (Korean: Code#01 나쁜여자 ) is the debut extended play by South Korean girl group Ladies' Code.
 It was released on March 7, 2013 through Polaris Entertainment and CJ E&M Music.
 Its lead single "Bad Girl" was released the same day.
Ferras is the second extended play by American recording artist Ferras.
 It was released on June 17, 2014 in the United States and Canada through Capitol Records and Metamorphosis Music.
 The album follows the release of his debut album "Aliens & Rainbows" (2008) which reached 97 on the "Billboard" 200.
 The extended play is the first to be released by Metamorphosis, a record label founded by Katy Perry in 2014.
Code#02 Pretty Pretty is the second extended play by South Korean girl group Ladies' Code.
 It was released on September 6, 2013 through Polaris Entertainment and CJ E&M Music.
 The album was well promoted with three singles.
 The lead single "Hate You" was released on August 6, 2013.
 The title track "Pretty Pretty" was released as the second single on September 6, 2013 along with the album.
 The third and final single "I'm Fine Thank You" was released on September 15, 2014 as the tribute to members EunB and RiSe who died in a fatal car accident in early September 2014.
