"News of the World" was a single by British group The Jam released on 3 March 1978.
 It reached No. 27 in the UK Singles Chart.
 "Aunties And Uncles (Impulsive Youths)" and "Innocent Man" appeared as its B-side.
 The title refers to the disgraced British tabloid newspaper, "News of the World".
Adevărul Holding is a media joint stock company owned by Romanian businessman and politician Dinu Patriciu and named after its main publication, the daily newspaper "Adevărul".
 It currently owns newspapers and magazines, and has a television license.
 In addition to its main trademark "Adevărul", its cultural supplement "Adevărul Literar şi Artistic" and other related media, the holding owns the daily tabloid "Click!
", the cultural weekly "Dilema Veche" and its sister magazine "Dilemateca", the international policy magazine "Foreign Policy Romania", and the Romanian edition of "Forbes" magazine.
 Adevărul Holding also owns "Blik", a tabloid published in Ukraine.
Page 3 is a colloquial term for a feature formerly included in the British tabloid newspaper "The Sun".
 The phrase originates with the publication of a large photograph of a topless, bare-breasted female glamour model which was usually published on the print edition's third page.
 The feature first appeared in the newspaper on 17 November 1970 and on the official Page 3 website since June 1999, where it still continues.
 The terms "Page 3" and "Page Three" are registered trademarks of News UK, parent company of "The Sun", although the feature has been imitated in Britain's other 'red top' tabloids and by newspapers internationally.
The Jana Aastha National Weekly is a weekly tabloid published in Nepal.
 It generally publishes opinions and sensational "breaking news" that is followed by other national dailies.
 Its background is tilted to the left but it is known for exposing the irregularities of the left movement as well.
 "Jana Astha" has the largest circulation among the weeklies all over the country and it leads 80 percent of the print media of Nepal, this has been certified by the Nepalese government's Audit Bureau of Circulation (ABC).
 Its editor Kishor Shrestha also represents editors in Press Council Nepal, which is an active member of the World Association of Press Councils (WAPC).
 He was jailed twice during the autocratic Panchayat regime.
 Shrestha has worked in the media sector for 24 years, whereas "Jana Astha" has a history of just over 17 years.
The Sun is a tabloid newspaper published in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 Since "The Sun on Sunday" was launched in February 2012, the paper has been a seven-day operation.
 As a broadsheet, it was founded in 1964 as a successor to the "Daily Herald"; it became a tabloid in 1969 after it was purchased by its current owners.
 It is published by the News Group Newspapers division of News UK, itself a wholly owned subsidiary of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.
News Corp UK & Ireland Limited (trading as News UK, formerly News International and NI Group), is a British-based American-owned newspaper publisher, and a wholly owned subsidiary of the American mass media conglomerate News Corp.
 It is the current publisher of "The Times", "The Sunday Times" and "The Sun" newspapers and its former publications include the "Today", "News of the World" and "The London Paper" newspapers.
 Until June 2002, it was called News International plc.
 On 31 May 2011 the company name was changed from News International Limited to NI Group Limited, and on 26 June 2013 to News UK.
Hai Bangalore is a mass circulation weekly Kannada language tabloid published in Bangalore.
 Its editor is journalist Ravi Belagere, who received a Karnataka Media Award in 2007.
 The tabloid articles include reports about scandals, scams, affairs, background politics, murders, crime to the public eye, although the accuracy of the reports is often questionable.
 Apart from these reports, it contains columns and articles about various fields like psychology, sports, science and cinema news.
Leslie Frank "Les" Hinton (born 19 February 1944) is a British-American journalist and business executive whose career with Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation spanned more than fifty years.
 Hinton worked in newspapers, magazines and television as a reporter, editor and executive in Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States and became an American citizen in 1986.
 He was appointed CEO of Dow Jones & Company in December 2007, after its acquisition by News Corp.
 Hinton has variously been described as Murdoch's "hitman"; one of his "most trusted lieutenants"; and an "astute political operator".
 On 15 July 2011, he resigned from Dow Jones & Co as a result of a journalistic ethics scandal at "The News of the World", a British tabloid published by News Corp subsidiary, News International, where Hinton had previously been executive chairman.
The Weekly World News was a largely fictional news tabloid published in the United States from 1979 to 2007, renowned for its outlandish cover stories often based on supernatural or paranormal themes and an approach to news that verged on the satirical.
 Its characteristic black-and-white covers have become pop-culture images widely used in the arts.
 It ceased publication in August 2007.
The National Enquirer (also commonly known as the Enquirer) is an American supermarket tabloid published by American Media Inc (AMI).
 Founded in 1926, the tabloid has gone through a number of changes over the years.
