Wallenstein is a 1920 historical novel by German author Alfred Döblin.
 Set in Central Europe during the Thirty Years War, the novel's plot is organized around the polar figures of Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor, on the one hand, and Albrecht von Wallenstein, on the other.
 Döblin's approach to narrating the war differed from prevailing historiography in that, rather than interpreting the Thirty Years War primarily as a religious conflict, he portrays it critically as the absurd consequence of a combination of national-political, financial, and individual psychological factors.
 Döblin saw a strong similarity between the Thirty Years War and the First World War, during which he wrote "Wallenstein".
 The novel is counted among the most innovative and significant historical novels in the German literary tradition.
 In large part, contemporary critics found the novel to be difficult, dense, and chaotic—a reception Döblin discussed in his 1921 essay "The Epic Writer, His Material, and Criticism"—yet writers such as Lion Feuchtwanger, Franz Blei, and Herbert Ihering praised "Wallenstein" for its formal innovation, poetic language, epic scope, and bold departure from other German writing of the time.
 Despite the novel's difficulty, the critical consensus was that "Wallenstein" was a major achievement and confirmed the promise seen in Döblin's earlier historical novel, "The Three Leaps of Wang Lun".
Johann von Geyso (1593 – 1661) was a German nobleman and General-Lieutenant, who fought during the course of the Thirty Years' War.
 After studying in a Dutch military academy, Geyso fought as a mercenary in the armies of Sweden, Bohemia, Denmark and the German Protestant Union.
 In 1628, having gained significant experience in warfare he returned to his native Hesse-Kassel which he served until the end of the Thirty Years' War, reaching the rank of commander in chief of the Langraviate's forces and becoming ennobled.
The Last Valley (1959), by J. B. Pick, is an historical novel about the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648).
 The story occurs from September 1637 to March 1638, and centres on two men – a mercenary soldier and an intellectual – who are fleeing the destruction and starvation wrought by religious war.
 In southern Germany, each man stumbles upon a fertile valley untouched by the war.
 Soldier and intellectual, man of arms and man of mind, must collaborate to preserve the peace and plenty of the last valley from the stress and strain of the religious bigotry that caused thirty years of war in Europe.
Hakkapeliittain marssi ("March of the Hakkapeliittas") or Finska Rytteriets Marsch "in Swedish" ("March of the Finnish Cavalry"), also known as Suomalaisen ratsuväen marssi 30-vuotisessa sodassa or Finska rytteriets marsch i trettioåriga kriget ("March of the Finnish cavalry in 30 years war") is one of the Finnish and Swedish cavalry's battle marches and one of the oldest currently played.
 It originates from the times of Thirty Years' War when Finnish cavalrymen were known as hakkapeliitta and it became popular with military bands.
 It was given lyrics (in Swedish) in 1872 by Zacharias Topelius and is commonly known as the "March of the Finnish Cavalry during the Thirty Years War".
 The Prussian army officially adopted it for use in 1891; it is now a standard of the German marching band repertoire.
The Swedish invasion of the Holy Roman Empire, or the Swedish Intervention in the Thirty Years' War is a historically accepted division of the Thirty Years' War.
 It was a military conflict that took place between 1630 and 1635, during the course of the Thirty Years' War.
 It was a major turning point of the war, as during this time, the Protestant cause, previously on the verge of defeat, won several major victories and snatched victory away from the Habsburg-Catholic coalition.
 It is often considered to be an independent conflict by most historians.
Gustav II Adolf (9 December 1594 – 6 November 1632, O.S.), widely known in English by his Latinised name Gustavus Adolphus or as Gustav II Adolph, was the King of Sweden from 1611 to 1632 and is credited as the founder of Sweden as a Great Power (Swedish: "Stormaktstiden" ).
 He led Sweden to military supremacy during the Thirty Years' War, helping to determine the political as well as the religious balance of power in Europe.
 He was formally and posthumously given the name Gustavus Adolphus the Great (Swedish: "Gustav Adolf den store" , Latin: "Gustavus Adolphus Magnus" ) by the Riksdag of the Estates in 1634.
Charles X Gustav, also Carl Gustav (Swedish: "Karl X Gustav" ; 8 November 1622 – 13 February 1660), was King of Sweden from 1654 until his death.
 He was the son of John Casimir, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Kleeburg and Catherine of Sweden.
 After his father's death he also succeeded him as Pfalzgraf.
 He was married to Hedwig Eleonora of Holstein-Gottorp, who bore his son and successor, Charles XI.
 Charles X Gustav was the second Wittelsbach king of Sweden after the childless king Christopher of Bavaria (1441–1448) and he was the first king of the Swedish "Caroline era", which had its peak during the end of the reign of his son, Charles XI.
 He led Sweden during the Second Northern War, enlarging the Swedish Empire.
 By his predecessor Christina, he was considered "de facto" Duke of Eyland (Öland) before ascending to the Swedish throne.
Albrecht Wenzel Eusebius von Wallenstein ( ; Czech: "Albrecht Václav Eusebius z Valdštejna" ; 24 September 158325 February 1634), also von Waldstein, was a Bohemian military leader and Holy Roman Empire Count palatine, who offered his services, an army of 30,000 to 100,000 men, during the Thirty Years' War (1618–48), to emperor Ferdinand II.
 He became the supreme commander of the armies of the Habsburg Monarchy and was a major figure of the Thirty Years' War.
John Ruthven was a military officer who served in Denmark and Sweden during the Thirty Years' War before returning for brief service in the British Civil Wars.
 He served first as a captain in Danish service from 1627.
 As King Christian IV of Denmark-Norway made peace with the Habsburg Emperor in 1629 Ruthven, along with many other Scottish soldiers in Danish service, then turned to Sweden to continue the war.
 He first appears in Swedish service in 1629 serving as a captain of the Scottish infantry at Stralsund under the command of Alexander Leslie.
 He was soon promoted lieutenant-colonel in Leslie's infantry regiment (by 1630) and led an infantry-regiment in the battle of Breitenfeld on 17 September 1631 as full colonel.
 He later took part in the battle at the Alte Veste near Nuernberg on 3 September 1632, and later took part in the bloody conquest of Landsberg/Lech (Bavaria) under the command of Lennart Torstensson.
With thousands of years of recorded history, and due to an unchanging geographic (and subsequently geopolitical) condition, Iran (previously known as Persia in the West until 1935) has had a long, varied, and checkered military culture and history, ranging from triumphant and unchallenged ancient military supremacy affording effective superpower status in its day, to a series of near catastrophic defeats (beginning with the destruction of Elam) at the hand of previously subdued and conquered peripheral nations (including Greece, Macedon and the Asiatic nomadic tribes at the Eastern boundary of the lands traditionally home to the Iranian people).
