Charles Kalemba is the City Council Chief Executive Officer of Zomba, Malawi, and the Zomba District Chief Executive Officer.
 He is one of the champions of the Zomba, Zomba District - Urbana, Illinois sister city project through Sister Cities International.
 Kalemba is the former District Commissioner for Lilongwe District associated with the controversial relocation of Malawian villagers for a Raising Malawi school project spearheaded by Madonna.
The Republic of Malta has one sister city: Bainbridge Island, Washington, United States.
 In addition, a number of individual cities, towns and villages in Malta have sister cities abroad.
 In most cases, the association, especially when formalised by local government, is known as "town twinning" (though other terms, such as "partner towns" or "sister cities" are sometimes used instead), and while most of the places included are towns, the list also comprises villages, cities, districts, counties, etc. with similar links.
Lauderhill, officially the City of Lauderhill, is a city in Broward County, Florida, United States.
 As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 66,887.
 It is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area, which was home to an estimated 6,012,331 people at the 2015 census.
 Its sister city is Chaguanas, Trinidad and Tobago.
Koko-en Garden (好古園 , Kōko-en ) (sometimes called "Himeji Kōko-en") is a Japanese garden located next to Himeji Castle in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
 It was constructed in 1992 at the site of the lord's west residence, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the Himeji municipality.
 The garden is about 3.5 hectares and has nine different gardens.
 In 2017, Koko-en signed a sister garden agreement with Ro Ho En, the Japanese Friendship Garden, in its sister city, Phoenix, Arizona.
Benjamin Abram (1846–1938) was a French lawyer and politician.
 He served as the Mayor of Aix-en-Provence from 1888 to 1896.
 He was the third Jewish Mayor of Aix-en-Provence, and abandoned politics after the debacle of the antisemitic Dreyfus affair.
The economy of Rawalpindi and the surrounding district has a diverse industrial base.
 With a population exceeding 3.2 million, Rawalpindi is the third largest city of the Punjab province of Pakistan, and the fourth largest city in the country.
 It is located in the northernmost part of Punjab, strategically connecting the region with Kashmir to the east and the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the north.
 It also borders Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan, of which it is considered a sister city of.
 It has historically been an important industrial and commercial center of the Punjab region.
 Besides having an important railroad junction, the city has been one of the most important military cantonment areas in South Asia since the British Raj era.
 The main industries of the city include oil refineries, gas processing, steel manufacturing, iron mills, railroad yards, a brewery, sawmills, tent factories, textiles, hosiery, pottery, leather goods production., transport and tourism.
The United States city of Denver, Colorado is a participant in the Sister City concept of international relationships.
 Also known as "town twinning", this concept allows towns or cities in geographically and politically distinct areas to be paired, with the goal of fostering human contact and cultural links between their inhabitants.
 Denver's Sister Cities International develops programs to foster relations between all of Denver's sister cities.
 Each of them have parks in the city named after them
Benjamin Abram Bernstein (20 May 1881, Pasvalys, Lithuania – 25 September 1964, Berkeley, California) was an American mathematician, specializing in mathematical logic.
The sister cities of Grand Forks, North Dakota have been designated through the city of Grand Forks' active sister city program which is designed to encourage cultural and economic exchanges.
 In the case of Dickinson, North Dakota, the relationship is also a political alliance.
These List of twin towns and sister cities in Taiwan includes cities in Taiwan (Republic of China) that have sister city relationships with foreign communities and the names of such communities.
