Baltic Neopaganism is a category of autochthonous religious movements which have revitalised within the Baltic people (primarily Lithuanians and Latvians).
 These movements trace their origins back to the 19th century and they were suppressed under the Soviet Union; after its fall they have witnessed a blossoming alongside the national and cultural identity reawakening of the Baltic peoples, both in their homelands and among expatriate Baltic communities.
 One of the first ideologues of the revival was the Prussian Lithuanian poet and philosopher Vydūnas.
The Slavic Native Faith, Rodnovery, is a modern Pagan religion ("Slavic Neopaganism").
 Classified as a new religious movement, its practitioners harken back to the historical belief systems of the Slavic peoples of Central and Eastern Europe.
 "Rodnovery" is a widely accepted self-descriptor within the community, although there are Rodnover organisations which further characterise the religion as Orthodoxy, Old Belief, and Vedism.
The Ethical movement, also referred to as the Ethical Culture movement, Ethical Humanism or simply Ethical Culture, is an ethical, educational, and religious movement that is usually traced back to Felix Adler (1851–1933).
 Individual chapter organizations are generically referred to as "Ethical Societies", though their names may include "Ethical Society", "Ethical Culture Society", "Society for Ethical Culture", "Ethical Humanist Society", or other variations on the theme of "Ethical".
African Zionism, (also "amaZioni" from Zulu "people of Zion") is a Christian religious movement with 15-18 million members throughout Southern Africa, making it the largest religious movement in the region.
 Zionism is the predominant religion of Swaziland and forty percent of Swazis consider themselves Zionist.
 It is also common among Zulus in South Africa.
 The amaZioni are found in South Africa, Swaziland, Mozambique, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Botswana, and Namibia.
 It is a combination of Christianity and African Traditional Religion.
Contemporary Paganism, including Wicca in various forms, Reclaiming (Neopaganism), and witchcraft, is a growing minority religious group in Australia.
 As in forms on Neopaganism elsewhere, some pagans work as solitary practitioners and others form groups such as covens.
 Covens may or not be hierarchical, depending on the tradition.
 Gardnerian and Alexandrian covens tend to be hierarchical, with coven led by a Priest and High Priestess.
 Reclaiming covens and working groups practise non-hierarchical modes of group dynamics, with group members co-creating rituals and events, although there may be 'facilitators' and other roles allotted at a given gathering.
Heathenry, also termed Heathenism or Germanic Neopaganism, is a modern Pagan religion.
 Scholars of religious studies classify Heathenry as a new religious movement.
 Its practitioners model their faith on the pre-Christian belief systems adhered to by the Germanic peoples of Iron Age and Early Medieval Europe.
 To reconstruct these past belief systems, Heathenry uses surviving historical, archaeological, and folkloric evidence as a basis, although approaches to this material vary considerably.
A Humanist Manifesto, also known as Humanist Manifesto I to distinguish it from later Humanist Manifestos in the series, was written in 1933 primarily by Raymond Bragg and published with 34 signers.
 Unlike the later manifestos, this first talks of a new religion and refers to humanism as a religious movement meant to transcend and replace previous, deity-based systems.
 Nevertheless, it is careful not to express a creed or dogma.
 The document outlines fifteen affirmations on cosmology, biological and cultural evolution, human nature, epistemology, ethics, religion, self-fulfillment, and the quest for freedom and social justice.
 This latter, stated in article fourteen, proved to be the most controversial, even among humanists, in its opposition to "acquisitive and profit-motivated society" and its demand for an egalitarian world community based on voluntary mutual cooperation.
 The document's release was reported by the mainstream media on May 1, simultaneous with its publication in the May/June 1933 issue of the "New Humanist".
The Humanist Institute is a training program for leaders within the Humanist, and secular Humanist movement.
 It offers several kinds of educational programs to the Humanist community.
 These programs range from a two and a half year graduate certificate program, one day training seminars, and online courses.
 The Institute operates as a 501c3, educational organization.
 THI is an affiliate of the American Humanist Association with an independent Board of Directors, Executive Director, Co-Deans, and staff.
 The mission of THI is to be the leading center for Humanist education serving all branches of Humanism.
 The vision of THI is to provide educational opportunities that serve Humanist and secular communities in world where Humanism is widely accepted and respected life-stance.
Humanist Manifesto is the title of three manifestos laying out a Humanist worldview.
 They are the original "Humanist Manifesto" (1933, often referred to as Humanist Manifesto I), the "Humanist Manifesto II" (1973), and "Humanism and Its Aspirations" (2003, a.k.a. "Humanist Manifesto III").
 The Manifesto originally arose from religious Humanism, though secular Humanists also signed.
Samfälligheten för Nordisk Sed is a Swedish religious organisation adhering to Germanic Neopaganism.
 It is one of the proponents of the "Folktro" approach to Germanic Neopaganism.
 Begun in 1996 as "a network of independent kindreds", it was formally founded in 1997.
 In 2000 Samfälligheten was one of the first religious organisations registered as a "registrerat trossamfund" due to the new Swedish laws, and "is now modeled on the former state church."
