"This Ole House" (sometimes written "This Old House") is a popular song written by Stuart Hamblen, and published in 1954.
 Rosemary Clooney's version reached the top of the popular music charts in both the US and the UK in 1954.
 The song again topped the UK chart in 1981 in a recording by Shakin' Stevens.
This Ole House is a 1980 album by Welsh rock and roll singer Shakin' Stevens.
 The album was originally released under the name "Marie, Marie" but failed to chart.
 When "This Ole House" reached No.1 in the UK Singles Chart the album was re-issued in March 1981 with the new title and song added, peaking at No.2 in the UK Albums Chart.
The discography of English recording artist Cheryl consists of four studio albums, one extended play, nine singles (excluding three as a featured artist), and fourteen music videos.
 Cheryl's first foray into a solo music career occurred when she featured on will.i.am's "Heartbreaker".
 After having streetdancing lessons during the filming of "Passions of Girls Aloud" series, Cheryl was picked to appear in the song's video.
 She was later asked to sing the female vocals on the UK release of the track, which reached number four in the United Kingdom and sold over 250,000 copies, giving the single a silver certificate by the BPI.
 It was the 31st best selling single of 2008.
 Cheryl's solo career began in October 2009 with the release of "Fight for This Love", the lead single from her debut studio album, "3 Words".
 The track saw Cheryl achieve her first solo number-one single when it topped the UK chart, while also attaining international chart success; peaking within the top 10 in the likes of France, Germany and the Netherlands.
 The parent album debuted at number one in the UK with sales of 125,271.
 On 6 November 2009 the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) certified the album platinum.
 It has since gone 3× Platinum, with sales of over 1,000,000 copies. "
3 Words" is both the opening and title song from her debut studio album.
 It was released in the UK and Ireland on 20 December 2009 went on to become Fernandez-Versini's second consecutive UK top-five and Irish-top ten hit.
 It was also a top five hit in Australia and has since been certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association and gold by the British Phonographic Industry. "
Parachute" was released on 11 March 2010 as the album's third and final single.
 "Parachute" became Cheryl's third consecutive solo UK top five hit, and her third Irish top 10 hit.
 It was nominated for a Brit Award in 2011.
Roy Young (born 1937) is a British rock and roll singer, pianist and keyboard player.
 He first recorded in the late 1950s before performing in Hamburg with the Beatles.
 After a stint with Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers, he released several albums with his own band as well as recording with Chuck Berry and David Bowie, among others.
Billie Anthony (11 October 1932 – 5 January 1991) was a Scottish female singer.
 She is best known for her Top 10 hit version of "This Ole House", which despite chart competition from other versions of the same song, reached No. 4 in the UK chart.
What's Next to the Moon is a solo album by Mark Kozelek, released on January 10, 2001.
 The album is composed entirely of drastically rearranged acoustic covers of Bon Scott-era AC/DC songs.
 The album follows the release of his debut solo EP "Rock 'n' Roll Singer", which also features three AC/DC covers: "Rock 'n' Roll Singer," "You Ain't Got a Hold on Me," and "Bad Boy Boogie."
 The versions of "Rock 'n' Roll Singer" and "Bad Boy Boogie" on this album are different from the versions on the EP.
Michael Barratt (born 4 March 1948), known as Shakin' Stevens, is a platinum-selling British rock and roll singer and songwriter who was the UK's biggest-selling singles artist of the 1980s.
 His recording and performing career began in the late 1960s, although it was not until 1980 that his commercial success began.
 His most successful songs were nostalgia hits, evoking the sound of 1950s rock and roll and pop.
John Michael O'Keefe, known as Johnny O'Keefe (19 January 1935 – 6 October 1978), was an Australian rock and roll singer whose career began in the 1950s.
 Some of his hits include "Wild One" (1958), "Shout!
" and "She's My Baby".
 In his twenty-year career, O'Keefe released over fifty singles, 50 EPs and 100 albums.
 O'Keefe was also a radio and television entertainer and presenter
Mind Exploding is the fifth album by Lucifer's Friend.
 This album marks the point where they return to a more hard rock oriented style with less of a progressive rock sound.
 It is more or less the missing link between "I'm Just a Rock & Roll Singer" (1973) and "Banquet" (1974).
 With the hard rock driven sound of "I'm Just a Rock 'n' Roll Singer" but still has the occasional horn section and progressiveness of "Banquet".
 This is the last album to feature John Lawton on vocals before he joined Uriah Heep.
 John Lawton would return to Lucifer's Friend in 1981 to record the "Mean Machine" album.
Rock 'n' Roll Singer is the debut solo EP from Mark Kozelek.
 The EP was released on June 13, 2000, and was released while Kozelek's final album with his previous band Red House Painters (the 1998 album "Old Ramon", which didn't get a release until 2001) was in limbo with record label mergers.
 "Rock 'n' Roll Singer" contains three original tracks and four covers: "Rock 'n' Roll Singer," "You Ain't Got a Hold on Me," and "Bad Boy Boogie" originally by AC/DC, and "Around and Around" originally by John Denver.
