Good Shepherd Cathedral School (GSCS) is a Filipino Catholic school located at the corner of Omega Avenue and Rado Street in West Fairview, Quezon City, Philippines.
 It is a private sectarian school situated at the back of the Cathedral Shrine and Parish of the Good Shepherd, the seat of the Bishop of Novaliches.
 GSCS is one of the 9 member-schools of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Novaliches Educational System (RCBN-ES) and also a member of the Manila Ecclesiastical Province School Systems Association (MaPSA) and of the Catholic Educational Association of the Philippines (CEAP).
Our Lady of the Good Sheperd or Our Lady of Charity of the Good Shepherd is a title of the Holy Virgin Mary as Mother of Jesus Christ, who is also known as the Good Shepherd.
The Good Shepherd (Greek: ποιμήν ο καλός , "poimḗn o kalós") is an image used in the pericope of , in which Jesus Christ is depicted as the Good Shepherd who lays down his life for the sheep.
 Similar imagery is used in Psalm 23.
 The Good Shepherd is also discussed in the other gospels, the Epistle to the Hebrews, the First Epistle of Peter and the Book of Revelation in references to Jesus not letting himself lose any of his sheep.
Jesus Good Shepherd School (JGSS, Good Shepherd or simply Shepherd), founded in 1965, is a private Catholic coeducational institution at Barangay Palico II, Imus, in the province of Cavite, in the Philippines.
 JGSS is the first school in the country founded by the Sisters of Jesus Good Shepherd or the Pastorelle Sisters (S.J.B.P.).
Good Shepherd College is a Catholic theological college located in Ponsonby, Auckland, New Zealand, and founded in 1998.
 It arose from the relocation to Auckland of Holy Cross College (the National Catholic Seminary for the training of secular priests) in 1998, and of Mount St Mary’s College, Greenmeadows (the seminary, formerly located near Napier, for the training of priests of the Marist order) in 1992.
 The resources of the seminaries were pooled to set up Good Shepherd College for the formal academic philosophic and theological training of priests and others in New Zealand.
 The New Zealand Catholic Bishops Conference and the Society of Mary established a charitable trust to own and govern the new college and the trust decided to enter into an association with the Catholic Institute of Sydney to provide theological education for the students of the new college.
 Even though it has a special focus on the theological education of candidates for the priesthood, Good Shepherd College is open to any student who wishes to study theology in the Catholic tradition.
 It is separate from, but has a special relationship with, the seminaries of the joint venture partners.
 Holy Cross Seminary and Marist Seminary continue to offer separate priestly formation programmes for their respective seminarians that reflect the particular spirit of each institution.
Camillus House is a non-profit agency that provides humanitarian services to poor and homeless men, women and children in Miami-Dade County in southern Florida.
 Founded in 1960, Camillus House is one of the oldest and largest continuously operated charities in South Florida.
 Brother Mathias Barrett, founder of the Little Brothers of the Good Shepherd, founded Camillus House which continues to be sponsored by the Little Brothers of the Good Shepherd under the guidance of a lay president, board of directors, and staff.
The Church of the Good Shepherd, Kensington, was an Episcopal congregation in Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 Founded in 1868, it merged with Emmanuel Church, Kensington, in 1994 to form the Church of Emmanuel and the Good Shepherd.
 Its 1887 building, designed by architect T. Frank Miller and located at 2121-2127 East Cumberland Street, was demolished in 2016.
 The Church of the Good Shepherd, Kensington, was an among the few surviving reminders of the mid to late 19th century English immigrant experience and community in Kensington and Philadelphia.
 Movement has been made to celebrate the colonial experience (i.e. Penn Treaty Park) and preserve the 19th century "new immigrant" experience (i.e. St. Laurentius Church, in Fishtown) in the greater Kensington area.
 Scholars often refer to this immigrant group as hidden and forgotten.
 These immigrants, to outsiders, blended in and disappeared.
 However, as the property demonstrates, mid to late 19th century English immigrants, far from being hidden, built unique neighborhoods, cultural institutions, and worship sties.
The Good Shepherd Sisters of Omaha are a branch of the original Good Shepherd congregation that began in Angers, France in 1835, founded by Saint Mary Euphrasia Pelletier.
 Their mission is to help and educate struggling girls and women in the Omaha, Nebraska area and the surrounding states.
Leonard Logsdail (born September 11, 1950 in London, England) is a bespoke tailor, based in Manhattan, New York, specializing in men's suits.
 He is described as one of the finest bespoke tailors in the men’s suit business.
 All of Logsdail's suits are crafted and perfected on-site in his New York City location.
 He is credited for making Savile Row tailoring a local option in New York.
 Logsdail is known for creating high-end suits, including lining jackets with Hermes silk scarves.
 CNBC talk show host, economist and fashion icon Larry Kudlow has his suits made by Leonard Logsdail.
 Logsdail has created suits for award-winning films, and is recognized as one of cinema's most sought-after tailors.
 Logsdail has collaborated with esteemed film directors Steven Spielberg, Robert de Niro, Oliver Stone, Ridley Scott, and Martin Scorcese.
 He has had a cameo acting role as a tailor in The Wolf of Wall Street, and The Good Shepherd.
Good Shepherd Catholic College is a Roman Catholic, coeducational, day school, located in Mount Isa Queensland, Australia.
 Good Shepherd Catholic College is a Parish-based Catholic College catering for Years 8 to 12, closely associated with Good Shepherd Parish, Mount Isa.
 It comprises two former schools, Mount Isa Catholic High School and St Kieran's College.
