James Gordon Miller (born July 5, 1957) is a former American college and professional football player who was a punter in the National Football League (NFL) for eight seasons during the 1980s.
 Miller played college football for the University of Mississippi, and received All-American honors.
 He played professionally for the San Francisco 49ers, Dallas Cowboys, and New York Giants of the NFL.
Jason Calvin Garrett (born March 28, 1966) is an American football head coach of the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL).
 Garrett was the offensive coordinator and assistant head coach of the Cowboys before being promoted to interim head coach after the firing of Wade Phillips on November 8, 2010.
 He is a former professional American football quarterback in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys, New York Giants, Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Miami Dolphins.
 He played college football at Princeton University.
A fake field goal is a trick play in American football.
 Simply, it involves a running or passing play done out of a kick formation.
 Usually the holder (often the punter or backup quarterback on most teams) will throw or run.
 Danny White was both quarterback and punter for the Dallas Cowboys in the 1980s and often executed this play.
 Less frequently, the placekicker, who virtually never handles the ball in an American football game, will serve as the passer or rusher on a fake field goal.
 Examples include then-New England kicker Adam Vinatieri receiving a direct snap and throwing a touchdown pass during an NFL game in 2004, and LSU kicker Colt David rushing for a 15-yard touchdown in 2007 after receiving the ball on a blind lateral from holder (and starting QB) Matt Flynn.
Filip Filipovic (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Филиповић) (born November 5, 1977) is a former American football punter.
 Filipovic was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2002.
 Previously, Filipovic played college football at the University of South Dakota as both their kicker and punter.
 Filipovic now owns and operates a full-service franchise training grade school, middle school, high school, collegiate, and NFL kickers and punters.
Cornell M. Green (born February 10, 1940), is a former American football player, a defensive back for thirteen seasons in the National Football League with the Dallas Cowboys.
 He did not play college football at Utah State University, but was a two-time All-American basketball player for the Aggies, selected in 1962 NBA draft, but not in the NFL draft.
Ricardo Darnell "Rico" Gathers (born January 7, 1994) is an American football tight end for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL).
 He played college basketball at Baylor University and did not play college football.
 He was drafted by the Cowboys in the sixth round (217th overall) in the 2016 NFL Draft.
John Jett (born November 11, 1968) is a former American football punter in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and the Detroit Lions.
 He played college football for East Carolina University.
 Jett won two Super Bowl rings with the Cowboys in Super Bowl XXVIII and Super Bowl XXX.
Gerald J. Tubbs (January 23, 1935 – June 13, 2012) was an American football linebacker who played for ten seasons in the National Football League from 1957 to 1966, mainly for the Dallas Cowboys.
 He was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the 1960 NFL Expansion Draft.
 After his retirement he stayed with the Cowboys as an assistant coach for 22 years.
 He played college football at the University of Oklahoma.
 In 1996, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Wilford Daniel "Danny" White (born February 9, 1952) is a former quarterback and punter for the Dallas Cowboys and an American football coach in the Arena Football League.
 He has been the color commentator for Cowboys games on Compass Media Networks' America's Team Radio Network since the 2011 season.
 He played college football at Arizona State University.
Todd Lowber (born January 26, 1982) is a former gridiron football wide receiver.
 He most recently played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
 He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as a undrafted free agent in 2007.
 He has also been a member of the New York Giants, Dallas Cowboys, and Miami Dolphins.
 He earned a Super Bowl ring as a member of the Giants' practice squad in Super Bowl XLII.
 He did not play college football but is a former college basketball player and high jump champion.
