Grant Stafford and Kevin Ullyett were the defending champions.
 Stafford chose not to participate this year.
 Ullyett partnered with Piet Norval but lost in the semifinals to the eventual champions Justin Gimelstob and Sébastien Lareau.
 <BR>Justin Gimelstob and Sébastien Lareau won in the final over David Adams and John-Laffnie de Jager, 7–5, 7–6.
Katarina Srebotnik and Piet Norval were the defending champions, but lost in second round to Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt.
Mike Bauer and Piet Norval were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.
Emilio Sánchez and Slobodan Živojinović were the defending champions, but Sánchez did not participate this year.
 Živojinović partnered Boris Becker, withdrawing prior to their semifinals match.
Arantxa Sánchez Vicario and Todd Woodbridge were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Sánchez Vicario with Emilio Sánchez and Woodbridge with Helena Suková.
Bent-Ove Pedersen (born 11 July 1967 in Oslo) is a former tennis player from Norway, who turned professional in 1992.
 He spent several years playing tennis at Berkeley in California.
 The right-hander represented his native country in the doubles competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, where he partnered Christian Ruud.
 The pair was defeated in the first round by South Africa's eventual runners-up Wayne Ferreira and Piet Norval.
 Pedersen reached his highest singles ATP-ranking on 13 September 1993, when he became the number 366 of the world.
 He was in quarterfinal in US Open doubles, 1991, partnering Matt Lucena from the US.
 He became the number 78 on the doubles ranking 30.
 August 1993.
Piet Norval and Kevin Ullyett were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.
David Adams and Marius Barnard were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Adams with Olivier Delaître and Barnard with Piet Norval.
Lucas Arnold and Tomás Carbonell were the defending champions, but did not participate together this year.
 Arnold partnered Martín García, losing in the first round.
 Carbonell partnered Piet Norval, losing in the first round.
Tomás Carbonell and Donald Johnson were the defending champions, but did not participate together this year.
 Carbonell partnered Juan Balcells, losing in the first round.
 Johnson partnered Piet Norval and successfully defended his title.
