The straight blast is a martial arts technique popularized by Bruce Lee and associated with Wing Chun Kung Fu and Jeet Kune Do.
Straight Blast Gym Ireland is a mixed martial arts academy and professional team based in Dublin, Ireland.
 It is run by John Kavanagh, and is part of Straight Blast Gym International.
 The team has produced several Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) fighters, including UFC Lightweight champion Conor McGregor.
Vertical World - America's First Climbing Gym® was the first indoor climbing gym in North America.
 [http://www.spadout.com/a/the-art-of-indoor-route-setting/ [1]] Located in Washington State, there are currently two rock climbing gyms: Magnolia, Seattle and Redmond, Washington.
 A third location is scheduled to open to the north, near Lynnwood, Washington in 2017.
 At approximately 12,000 sq ft, the Seattle location boasts up to 50' lead climbing and top rope climbing walls, as well as a bouldering area.
 Each location hosts a variety of activities and programs for the beginner to advanced climber, complete with shower facilities and fitness areas.
 The new "North" location is anticipated to be over 20,000 sq ft. Vertical World accommodates a variety of offerings beyond just programs to learn how to rock climb, performance and educational programs in fitness, yoga, and custom group events including birthday parties, school or church groups, corporate events, private parties, and youth camps.
Brandan Schieppati (born August 3, 1980, Newport Beach, California) is the singer of metalcore band Bleeding Through and a former guitarist/songwriter of the fellow Orange County metalcore band Eighteen Visions, for which he played from 1997 to 2002.
 He is also a bodybuilder, personal trainer and "Rise Above Fitness" gym owner.
 He was strictly Straight Edge from an early age until his late twenties.
Matt Thornton (born March 25, 1969) is a martial arts athlete, trainer, and founder of Straight Blast Gym International, an association of over 35 gyms worldwide engaged in training athletes in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, boxing and mixed martial arts.
The Abe Ani Combat Club is a mixed martial arts gym and training camp located in Japan.
 The gym is renowned mostly for its female stable of fighters who were regular competitors in the Smackgirl promotion.
 On its roster are prominent MMA stars such as Megumi “Mega Megu” Fujii and Hitomi Akano.
 Owner and Head Coach Hiroyuki Abe teaches Mixed Martial Arts and Brazilian jiu-jitsu and Former UFC Heavyweight Champion Josh Barnett is a wrestling coach for the team.
Bradley Joseph Annis (1947) is a retired bodybuilder, powerlifter, fitnessguru, professional wrestler, gym owner and firefighter.
 Annis is best known for his work for Stampede Wrestling and his ownership and handling of the Calgary gym at which many of the wrestlers trained.
Savvas Kyriacou is a British Cypriot bodybuilding coach, gym owner, and former professional bodybuilder.
 He is best known as the founder of the globally renowned Muscleworks Gym in London.
Blast bomb is a term used in Northern Ireland for a type of improvised explosive device.
 More specifically, these devices are usually a form of homemade grenade, which is thrown at a target.
 These devices have been used in a number of public order situations, and in attacks on the Royal Ulster Constabulary, its successor Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) and British Army.
 A police officer was killed by a blast bomb in Northern Ireland during The Troubles by loyalists and in 2001 Loyalist protesters threw a blast bomb at Catholic schoolgirls, some as young as 4 years old, making their way to school in September 2001.
 Ordinary fireworks are sometimes used in a similar fashion to blast bombs.
 Such devices which are packed with nails are referred to as nail bombs.
Takashi Itō (born September 22, 1970) is a Japanese former welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Yamaki Gym in Setagaya, Tokyo.
 He is the owner of kickboxing gym "TARGET", and a manager of promotion company "R.I.S.E." of kickboxing events.
 He won the world title of WMAF at Junior middleweight.
 He is Christian.
