A university-preparatory school or college-preparatory school (shortened to preparatory school, prep school, or college prep) is a type of secondary school.
 The term can refer to public, private independent or parochial schools primarily designed to prepare students for higher education.
Noble Street College Prep (commonly known as the Original Campus) of the Noble Network of Charter Schools, is a public four-year charter high school located in the West Town in Chicago, Illinois.
 It is a part of the Noble Network of Charter Schools.
 Noble Street College Prep was founded by Michael and Tonya Milkie with the support of the Northwestern University Settlement Association in 1999 and is the original campus of Noble Network of Charter Schools.
 Noble Street College Prep serves grades nine through twelve
Cathedral Preparatory School (often referred to simply as Prep) is an all-male college prep school in Erie, Pennsylvania, run by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erie and was established in 1921 by Archbishop John Mark Gannon.
 The school boasts a 98%-100% college acceptance rate among graduating classes.
College Prep International located in Montreal is an elementary and secondary level private school.
 The school was established in 1944 by Abraham Brodsky and Phillip Finkel as Prep School of Montreal and in 1993 changed its name to College Prep International.
State College of Florida Collegiate School (SCFCS) is a college prep school located in Bradenton, Florida (USA).
 It is based on a school in Sweden, with similar views of having students work on their own pace.
 The school is located on the campus of the State College of Florida and classes are available for grades 6-10.
 The school is largely technology based, utilizing a service, Canvas, from Instructure to assign and turn in schoolwork.
 Each student is assigned an iPad based on their grade level, and Apple laptops are available for services not available on the iPad.
 Each student start classes on the college campus in eleventh grade if they pass an enrollment test, called the PERT, and have at least a 3.0 GPA.
 After completing the program, they are given an Associate degree at graduation, alongside their high school diploma.
 Following this, for a two-year period, students can be given a tuition-paid scholarship for the Florida Gulf Coast University.
 The current headmaster is Kelly Monod.
Gary Comer College Prep is a public grade nine through twelve charter high school located in Chicago, Illinois' Greater Grand Crossing neighborhood.
 It is a part of the Noble Network of Charter Schools.
 It is named after the Gary Comer, the founder of Lands' End and philanthropic entrepreneur.
 Gary Comer founded the Comer Youth Center in 2006, with Gary Comer College Prep opening its doors in 2008, serving grades nine through twelve.
 In 2011, the Gary Comer College Prep Middle School opened creating two campuses under one school, serving grades six through twelve.
Hansberry College Prep, formerly known as "Noble Auburn Gresham College Prep", is a public four-year charter high school located in the Auburn Gresham in Chicago, Illinois.
 It is a part of the Noble Network of Charter Schools.
 Hansberry College Prep opened its doors in 2012 as Noble Auburn Gresham College Prep in recognition of the neighborhood in which the school resides.
 In July 2013, the campus changed its name to Hansberry College Prep in honor of Lorraine Hansberry, an African-American writer and playwright who grew up on Chicago's south side and who worked to combat racial segregation in the 1950s and 1960s.
 Hansberry College Prep currently serves grades nine through twelve and will graduate its first class in 2016.
Maur Hill–Mount Academy(MH-MA) is a coed Catholic, college prep, boarding high school in Atchison, Kansas.
 It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas and sponsored by the St. Benedict's Abbey (monastery) and Mount St. Scholastica (convent) in Atchison, KS.
 The school became Maur Hill–Mount Academy with the merger of the two long established schools.
 Maur Hill Prep School (1919) was an all-boys school and Mount St. Scholastica Academy (1863), an all-girls school.
The Midwest Prep Hockey League (abbreviated MPHL) is a prep school ice hockey league in the United States.
 The Midwest Prep League was founded in 2000; the original six league members were Culver Academies (IN), Gilmour Academy (OH), Lake Forest Academy (IL), Park Tudor School (IN), Shady Side Academy (PA) and St. Francis High School (NY).
 Since its inception the league has grown to ten Division 1 level prep school teams across the United States and Canada.
 The MPHL aids in preparing student athletes for college ice hockey and other higher levels of hockey.
 The league has maintain a competitive level of play throughout the USA and Canada.
 Many former MPHL players compete in NCAA college hockey.
 The founders of the league are John Bowers and Len Semplice.
Butler College Prep (formerly known as Pullman College Prep) is a public four-year charter high school located in the Pullman neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, USA.
 It is a part of the Noble Network of Charter Schools.
 It shares its campus with Corliss High School.
 Butler College Prep currently serves grades ninth through eleventh and will graduate its first class in 2017.
