A first-person narrative is a mode of storytelling in which a narrator relays events from his or her own point of view using the first person It may be narrated by a first person protagonist (or other focal character), first person re-teller, first person witness, or first person peripheral (also called a peripheral narrator).
 A classic example of a first person protagonist narrator is Charlotte Brontë's "Jane Eyre" (1847), in which the title character is also the narrator telling her own story, "I could not unlove him now, merely because I found that he had ceased to notice me".
Whakahuihui "Hui" Vercoe {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (4 June 1928 – 13 September 2007) was an Anglican bishop in New Zealand.
 He was the Archbishop of New Zealand from 2004 to 2006, the first person from the Maori church to hold that office.
 He was also Bishop of Aotearoa from 1981, the first person to be elected to that position by the congregation rather than being appointed by the church hierarchy.
 He held both offices until his retirement in 2006.
 He was also the first person to become a Principal Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit after the rank was introduced in 2000.
Oscar Adolf Wisting (6 June 1871 – 5 December 1936) was a Norwegian Naval officer and polar explorer.
 Together with Roald Amundsen he was the first person to reach both the North and South Poles.
Jeffrey Val Klump is an American limnologist.
 He was the first person to reach the deepest spot in Lake Superior, a depth of 1333 feet (733 feet below sea level), the second lowest point in the United States after Iliamna Lake, on July 30, 1985 while aboard the R/V Seward Johnson with the Johnson Sea Link-II submersible.
 Klump was also the first person to reach to the deepest point in Lake Michigan as part of the same expedition.
 He is currently an associate dean at the School of Freshwater Sciences at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and director of the Great Lakes WATER Institute.
Grammatical person, in linguistics, is the grammatical distinction between deictic references to participant(s) in an event; typically the distinction is between the speaker (first person), the addressee (second person), and others (third person).
 Put in simple colloquial English, first person is that which includes the speaker, namely, "I," "we," "me," and "us," second person is the person or people to whom are spoken, literally, "you," and third person includes all that is not listed above.
 Grammatical person typically defines a language's set of personal pronouns.
 It also frequently affects verbs, and sometimes nouns or possessive relationships.
The misappropriation doctrine is a U.S. legal theory conferring a "quasi-property right" on a person who invests "labor, skill, and money" to create an intangible asset.
 The right operates against another person (usually a competitor of the first person) "endeavoring to reap where it has not sown" by "misappropriating" the value of the asset (ordinarily by copying what the first person has created).
 The quoted language and the legal principle come from the decision of the United States Supreme Court in "International News Service v. Associated Press", 248 U.S. 215 (1918), also known as "INS v. AP" or simply the "INS" case.
Djinn is a novel by French writer Alain Robbe-Grillet.
 It was written as a French textbook with California State University, Dominguez Hills professor Yvone Lenard using a process of grammatical progression.
 Each chapter covers a specific element of French grammar which becomes increasingly difficult over the course of the novel.
 The first five chapters are written in the present tense from the first person point of view.
 The sixth chapter is written partially in the third person past and partially in the first person present.
 The eighth chapter is written in the first person point of view, but the narrator has changed from the masculine Simon Lecoeur to an unknown female narrator.
Patrick J. Sweeney, II (born November 9, 1970) is a US adventurer, motivational speaker and founder of tech companies ServerVault (1999), ODIN technologies (2002) and DwinQ (2012).
 He is the author of two books on RFID technology, professional athlete.
 He was the first person to attempt cycling the Seven Summits, and hold a world record for being the first person to officially cycle to Everest Base Camp and the first person to cycle Mount Elbrus.
Roald Engelbregt Gravning Amundsen (] ; 16 July 1872 – c. 18 June 1928) was a Norwegian explorer of polar regions.
 As the leader of the Antarctic expedition of 1910–12, which was the first to reach the South Pole, on 14 December 1911, he was a key expedition leader during the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration.
 In 1926, he was the first expedition leader for the air expedition to the North Pole, making him the first person, without dispute, to reach both poles.
 He is also known as having the first expedition to traverse the Northwest Passage (1903–06) in the Arctic.
Detour is Michael Brodsky's first novel.
 It is the first person partly autobiographical account of an often bored film devotee going to Cleveland for medical school, making observations on everything in his daily life, either in a philosophical manner, or by comparing any given incident with some classic film scene, or both.
 Halfway through, the narration is interrupted by Steve's story, also told in first person.
 The novel eventually resumes with the original first person narrator, who finally decides medical school is not for him.
