The autism-spectrum quotient (AQ) is a questionnaire published in 2001 by Simon Baron-Cohen and his colleagues at the Autism Research Centre in Cambridge, UK.
 Consisting of fifty questions, it aims to investigate whether adults of average intelligence have symptoms of autism or one of the other autism spectrum conditions.
 More recently, versions of the AQ for children and adolescents have also been published.
Autism Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on autism and other pervasive developmental disorders.
 It was established in 2008 and is the official journal of the International Society for Autism Research.
 It is published by Wiley-Blackwell and the editor-in-chief is Anthony J. Bailey (University of British Columbia).
Empathy quotient (EQ) is a psychological self-report measure of empathy developed by Simon Baron-Cohen and Sally Wheelwright at the Autism Research Centre at the University of Cambridge.
 EQ is based on a definition of empathy that includes cognition and affect.
 According to the authors of the measure, empathy is a combination of the ability to feel an appropriate emotion in response to another's emotion and the ability to understand the others' emotion (associated with the theory of mind).
 EQ was developed in response to what the authors considered to be a lack of questionnaires which measure empathy exclusively: other measures such as the questionnaire measure of emotional empathy and the empathy scale have multiple factors which are uncorrelated with empathy, often associated with social skills or the ability to be emotionally aroused in general.
 EQ was designed to test the empathizing–systemizing theory, a theory which places individuals in different brain-type categories based on their tendencies toward empathy and system creation, and was intended especially for clinical use to determine the role of lack of empathy in psychopathology, in particular to screen for autism spectrum disorder.
Autism Rocks is a United Kingdom-based charitable organization founded by Sanjay Shah to raise awareness about autism through charitable music events.
 All funds raised by Autism Rocks will go to the Autism Research Trust, which in turn supports research by the Autism Research Centre at Cambridge University.
Simon Baron-Cohen FBA (born 15 August 1958) is a British clinical psychologist, professor of developmental psychopathology at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom.
 He is the Director of the University's Autism Research Centre, and a Fellow of Trinity College.
 In 1985 he formulated the mindblindness theory of autism, the evidence for which was collated in his 1995 book.
 In 1997, he formulated the fetal sex steroid theory of autism, the key test of which was published in 2015.
 He has also made major contributions to the fields of typical cognitive sex differences, autism prevalence and screening, autism genetics, autism neuroimaging, autism and technical ability, and synaesthesia.
Geraldine Dawson, Ph.D. is an American child clinical psychologist, specializing in autism.
 She has conducted extensive research on early detection, brain development, and treatment of autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and collaborated on studies of genetic risk factors in autism.
 Dawson is Professor of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Psychology, and Neuroscience and Director of the Duke Center for Autism and Brain Development at Duke University Medical Center.
 Dawson is President of the International Society for Autism Research, a scientific and professional organization devoted to advancing knowledge about autism spectrum disorders.
 From 2008-2013, Dawson was Research Professor of Psychiatry at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and was Chief Science Officer for Autism Speaks.
 Dawson also holds the positions of Adjunct Professor of Psychiatry at Columbia University and Professor Emeritus of Psychology at University of Washington.
 She is a Fellow of the American Psychological Society, American Psychological Association, and the Society of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology.
The Simons Foundation Autism Research Initiative, or SFARI for short, is a research program established in 2005 by the Simons Foundation, which focuses on all aspects of autism research.
 Its director is Louis Reichardt.
 The organization has funded more than $200 million in autism research to 150 different investigators since 2007.
 Marilyn Simons, the Simons Foundation's president, is on the board of directors, as are David Eisenbud and James H. Simons.
 Their scientific advisory board includes Cornelia Bargmann and Huntington Willard.
 The awards they give out include Pilot Awards (for innovative high-impact proposals for experiments still in the preliminary stages), Research Awards (for research into a topic which has already been investigated at least preliminarily), and Explorer Awards (which provides grants for focused experiments on a one-time basis).
 One specific type of research they specialize in is mouse models of autism, which they are trying to make more available in cooperation with the Jackson Laboratory.
Autism Cymru was "Wales' national charity for autism" with offices in Cardiff, Wrexham, and Aberystwyth.
 The organization was established by practitioners and collaborates with Wales Autism Research Centre (WARC), a research institute within Cardiff University.
 They also work with the Welsh government, Autism Speaks and Autism Initiatives UK to affect the service delivery to people on the autism spectrum to establish public policy that will better meet the needs of the autistic community in Wales.
 They also wish to create best practices that may be used anywhere in the world.
Paul Shattock {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} is a British autism researcher and scientific consultant to the charity Education and Services for People with Autism, of which he is also the founder.
 He was formerly the director of the Autism Research Unit at the University of Sunderland.
 He is well known for his disputed research into dietary therapy and autism, having claimed that autistic children may have a "leaky gut" which allows certain peptides to enter the bloodstream, and claimed that they excrete unusually high levels thereof.
 As a result of this speculation, he has promoted the use of a gluten-free, casein-free diet to ameliorate the symptoms of autism, a theory he developed along with Kalle Reichelt.
 In addition, he has claimed that a protein found in milk may play a role in the etiology of autism.
 He is also the former president of the World Autism Organization.
Wales Autism Research Centre (WARC) is a research centre within Cardiff University, Wales.
 Focused on autism research, it collaborates with other university departments, the government and autism advocacy organizations.
 The center opened on 23 September 2010.
 Professor Sue Leekam is the Centre director and Cardiff University's Autism Chair.
