The Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya ( "Ha-Merkaz ha-Bentehumi Hertseliyya"; abbreviated IDC Herzliya) is a private, not-for-profit, nonsectarian research college in Herzliya, Israel.
 It was founded in 1994 by Uriel Reichman.
 It is located at Herzliya, in the Tel Aviv District, and is classified as an independent non-budgeted academic institution.
 It grants undergraduate and post-graduate degrees, but not doctorates.
The International Institute for Counter-Terrorism (ICT) is a non-profit organization located at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya (IDC), in Herzliya, Israel.
 The ICT was founded in 1996 and describes itself as "the leading academic institute for counter-terrorism in the world, facilitating international cooperation in the global struggle against terrorism."
 The ICT provides "expertise in terrorism, counter-terrorism, homeland security, threat vulnerability, risk assessment, intelligence analysis, national security and defense policy."
 The organisation states that "all of its efforts and resources are dedicated to approaching the issue of terrorism globally – that is, as a strategic problem that faces not only Israel but other countries as well."
Ze'ev Maoz is a Professor of Political Science and Director of the Correlates of War Project at the University of California, Davis, as well as Distinguished Fellow at the Interdisciplinary Center, Herzliya, Israel.
 He is the President of the Peace Science Society (International) during 2007-08.
 Before coming to UC-Davis he was head of the Graduate School of Government and Policy at Tel-Aviv University.
 He also served as the Head of the Jaffee Center for Strategic Studies (1994–1997), as the Academic Director of the M.A. program of the National Defense College of the IDF (1990–1994), and as Chairman of the Department of Political Science at the University of Haifa (1991–1994).
 Maoz received his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan.
 He also held visiting appointments at Carnegie Mellon University, New York University, Rice University, and the University of Michigan.
Karine Nahon (Hebrew: קרין נהון‎ ‎ ), is an Israeli information scientist and public intellectual active in the area of information, technology and society.
 She holds a dual position as an associate professor in the The Information School at University of Washington and the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya.
 In July 2017, Nahon was named #24 on Forbes' list of 50 Most Influential Women in Israel .
Her co-authored book “Going Viral” was awarded Best Information Science Book Award by the Association for Information Science and Technology and the 2014 Outstanding Academic Title Award by the American Library Association.
Radzyner Law School at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya was established in 1994.
Aharon Barak (Hebrew: אהרן ברק‎ , born Aharon Brick, 16 September 1936) is a Professor of Law at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya and a lecturer in law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, the Yale Law School, Central European University, Georgetown University Law Center, and the University of Toronto Faculty of Law.
The Herzliya Conference, hosted by the Interdisciplinary Center at Herzliya, is Israel's center stage for the articulation of national policy by its most prominent leaders, including the Israeli President, the Prime Minister, the IDF Chief of General Staff, and the leading contenders for high political office.
Amnon Rubinstein (Hebrew: אמנון רובינשטיין‎ ‎ , born 5 September 1931) is an Israeli law scholar, politician, and columnist.
 A member of the Knesset between 1977 and 2002, he served in several ministerial positions.
 He is currently dean of the Interdisciplinary Center (IDC) in Herzliya and a patron of Liberal International.
Major General (ret.)
 (Aluf) Daniel Rothschild (Hebrew: דניאל רוטשילד‎ ‎ ; born 1946) is the head of The Institute for Policy and Strategy (IPS), an Israeli Think Tank in the Lauder school of Government, Diplomacy and Strategy at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya (IDC) and is the chairman of the annual Herzliya Conference series.
Abraham Diskin (born 1947) is an Israeli political scientist at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and a Professor at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya.
