A nuclear detonation detection system (NDDS) is a device or a series of devices that are able to tell when a nuclear explosion has occurred as well as the direction of the explosion.
 The main purpose of these devices or systems was to verify compliance of countries that signed nuclear treaties such as the Partial Test Ban treaty of 1963 (PTBT) and the Treaty of Tlatelolco.
Project Vela was a project undertaken by the United States Department of Defense to develop and implement methods to monitor compliance with the 1963 Partial Test Ban Treaty, which banned the testing of nuclear weapons in the Atmosphere, in Outer Space, and Underwater, effectively meaning nuclear tests were only to be permitted underground.
 The Vela Project started off as a small budget research program within the DARPA Projects Agencies until around 1961, when it was granted greater funding and resources through the authority of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army, likely prompted by the same increased caution over Domestic Nuclear Affairs that was the effect of the 1961 Goldsboro B-52 crash, as well as in anticipation of the 1963 PTB Treaty.
The Partial Test Ban Treaty (PTBT) is the abbreviated name of the 1963 Treaty Banning Nuclear Weapon Tests in the Atmosphere, in Outer Space and Under Water, which prohibited all test detonations of nuclear weapons except for those conducted underground.
 It is also abbreviated as the Limited Test Ban Treaty (LTBT) and Nuclear Test Ban Treaty (NTBT), though the latter may also refer to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT), which succeeded the PTBT for ratifying parties.
The United States's Julin nuclear test series was a group of 7 nuclear tests conducted in 1991–1992.
 These tests followed the "Operation Sculpin" series, and were the last before negotiations began for the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.
The American University speech, titled "A Strategy of Peace", was a commencement address delivered by President John F. Kennedy at the American University in Washington, D.C., on Monday, June 10, 1963.
 Delivered at the height of his rhetorical powers and widely considered one of his most powerful speeches, Kennedy not only outlined a plan to curb nuclear arms, but also "laid out a hopeful, yet realistic route for world peace at a time when the U.S. and Soviet Union faced the potential for an escalating nuclear arms race."
 In the speech, Kennedy announced his agreement to negotiations "toward early agreement on a comprehensive test ban treaty" (which resulted in the Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty) and also announced, for the purpose of showing "good faith and solemn convictions", his decision to unilaterally suspend all US atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons as long as all other nations would do the same.
 Noteworthy are his comments that the United States was seeking a goal of "complete disarmament" of nuclear weapons and his vow that America "will never start a war".
 The speech was unusual in its peaceful outreach to the Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War, and is remembered as one of Kennedy’s finest and most important speeches.
The Treaty on the Limitation of Underground Nuclear Weapon Tests, also known as the Threshold Test Ban Treaty (TTBT), was signed in July 1974 by the United States and Soviet Union.
 It establishes a nuclear "threshold," by prohibiting tests of nuclear devices having a yield exceeding 150 kilotons (equivalent to 150,000 tons of TNT).
Ray Klebesadel is a scientist, now retired, who was a member of the gamma-ray astronomy group at the Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) in New Mexico that discovered cosmic gamma-ray bursts using data from the Vela satellites, which were deployed by the United States after the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty of 1963, to police the ban on nuclear tests in space.
 The unexplained gamma-ray flashes were first detected in 1967, but remained classified until it was determined that they were of cosmic origin, not related to treaty violations.
 The discovery was published in 1973 as an "Astrophysical Journal" Letter, co-authored by Ian Strong and Roy Olson also of LANL, entitled "Observations of Gamma-Ray Bursts of Cosmic Origin".
 It was published again in 1976 in the Scientific American.
A variety of treaties and agreements have been enacted to regulate the use, development and possession of various types of weapons of mass destruction.
 Treaties may regulate weapons use under the customs of war (Hague Conventions, Geneva Protocol), ban specific types of weapons (Chemical Weapons Convention, Biological Weapons Convention), limit weapons research (Partial Test Ban Treaty, Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty), limit allowable weapons stockpiles and delivery systems (START I, SORT) or regulate civilian use of weapon precursors (Chemical Weapons Convention, Biological Weapons Convention).
 The history of weapons control has also included treaties to limit effective defense against weapons of mass destruction in order to preserve the deterrent doctrine of mutual assured destruction (Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty) as well as treaties to limit the spread of nuclear technologies geographically (African Nuclear Weapons Free Zone Treaty, Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty).
The People's Republic of China has developed and possesses weapons of mass destruction, including chemical and nuclear weapons.
 The first of China's nuclear weapons tests took place in 1964, and its first hydrogen bomb test occurred in 1967.
 Tests continued until 1996, when China signed the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (CTBT).
 China has acceded to the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention (BWC) in 1984 and ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC) in 1997.
POLARIS was an underground experiment to observe seismic signals at depth in very hard rock.
 It was carried out at SNOLAB, and underground physics laboratory, in Sudbury, Ontario.
 In addition to academic research, the data generated in the POLARIS experiment was used by the Canadian National Data Centre (CNDC) for earthquake, and nuclear explosion (see Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty) monitoring.
