Les Mistons ("The Mischief Makers") is a short film directed by François Truffaut in 1957.
 It was his second film after "Une Visite" in 1955 but it is considered his "first short film of any real consequence".
 Truffaut simply called it "my first real film".
 Moreover, it was Bernadette Lafont's film debut.
 She was at that time Gérard Blain's wife.
 The film demonstrates already some examples for Truffaut's "trademark tracking shots" and would "help define his style" as well as "set Truffaut on a path for his career".
 Truffaut's narrative stresses the details of life, hereby establishing one of the traits of the French New Wave.
 Thus he also became a predecessor of French film directors such as Jean-Pierre Jeunet ("Amélie").
 It has been stated that the formation of the French New Wave could be "tracked through two short films": Jean-Luc Godard's "All the Boys Are Called Patrick" and Truffaut's "Les Mistons".
 In 2013 the Museum of Modern Art in New York City screened this film together with Truffaut's "The 400 Blows".
3:10 to Yuma is a 1957 American Western film starring Glenn Ford and Van Heflin and directed by Delmer Daves.
 The film was based on a 1953 short story by Elmore Leonard.
 The film is about a drought-impoverished rancher who takes on the risky job of taking a notorious outlaw to justice.
 In 2012, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Destination Tokyo is a 1943 black-and-white submarine war film.
 It was directed by Delmer Daves in his directorial debut, and the screenplay was written by Daves and Albert Maltz, based on an original story by former submariner Steve Fisher.
 The film stars Cary Grant and John Garfield and features Dane Clark, Robert Hutton, and Warner Anderson, along with John Ridgely, Alan Hale Sr., and William Prince.
 Production began on June 21, 1943 and continued through September 4 of that year.
 The film premiered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on December 15, 1943 as a benefit for crippled children, and was released generally in the U.S. on December 31, 1943.
Hollywood Canteen is a 1944 American musical romantic comedy film starring Joan Leslie, Robert Hutton, and Dane Clark and distributed by Warner Bros. The film was written and directed by Delmer Daves, and is notable for featuring many stars (appearing as themselves) in cameo roles.
 The film received three Academy Award nominations.
Shipmates Forever is a 1935 American musical film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Delmer Daves.
 Set at the United States Naval Academy, the film stars Dick Powell, Ruby Keeler, Lewis Stone, Ross Alexander, John Arledge, Eddie Acuff and Dick Foran.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on October 12, 1935.
The Hanging Tree is a 1959 Technicolor Western film directed by Delmer Daves.
 Karl Malden took over directing duties for several days when Daves fell ill.
 The film stars Gary Cooper, Maria Schell, George C. Scott and Malden and is set in the gold fields of Montana during the gold rush of the 1860s and '70s.
 The story follows a doctor who saves a criminal from a lynch mob, then learns of the man's past and tries to manipulate him.
Broken Arrow is a western Technicolor film released in 1950.
 It was directed by Delmer Daves and starred James Stewart as Tom Jeffords and Jeff Chandler as Cochise.
 The film is based on these historical figures but fictionalizes their story in dramatized form.
 It was nominated for three Academy Awards, and won a Golden Globe award for "Best Film Promoting International Understanding."
 Film historians have said that the movie was one of the first major Westerns since the Second World War to portray the Indians sympathetically.
$1,000 a Touchdown is a 1939 American comedy film directed by James P. Hogan and written by Delmer Daves.
 The film stars Joe E. Brown, Martha Raye, Eric Blore, Susan Hayward, John Hartley and Joyce Mathews.
 The film was released on October 4, 1939, by Paramount Pictures.
No More Women is a 1934 American Pre-Code adventure film directed by Albert S. Rogell and written by John Mikale Strong, Lou Breslow, Grant Leenhouts and Delmer Daves.
 The film stars Edmund Lowe, Victor McLaglen, Sally Blane, Minna Gombell, Alphonse Ethier, J. P. McGowan and Harold Huber.
 The film was released on February 23, 1934, by Paramount Pictures.
Drum Beat is a 1954 CinemaScope western film in "WarnerColor" written and directed by Delmer Daves and co-produced by Daves and Alan Ladd in his first film for his Jaguar Productions company.
 Ladd stars along with Audrey Dalton, Charles Bronson as Captain Jack, and Hayden Rorke as President Ulysses S. Grant.
