The Sweatbox is a 2002 documentary designed to show behind the scenes footage of "Kingdom of the Sun" (the original working title of "The Emperor's New Groove").
 It illustrated the slow and painful transformation from "Kingdom of the Sun" to "The Emperor's New Groove", including the director, musician Sting (whose wife created the documentary), artists, and voice cast being dismayed by the new direction.
 A major theme is creative-executive conflicts.
The Emperor's New Groove is the soundtrack to the 2000 Disney film "The Emperor's New Groove".
 It features vocal performances by Shawn Colvin, Tom Jones, Eartha Kitt, Rascal Flatts, and Sting.
 The album was released in 2000 by Walt Disney Records.
 The music is by Sting and David Hartley, and the score is by John Debney.
 The album included many songs that were written for "Kingdom of the Sun", the original incarnation for the project.
 It also included Spanish and Italian versions of "My Funny Friend and Me".
"My Funny Friend and Me" is a song by English musician Sting.
 It was written by Sting and David Hartley for Walt Disney Pictures' 40th animated feature film "The Emperor's New Groove".
 When the film began development in 1994 under the title "Kingdom of the Sun", Sting was hired to write the film's songs.
 Released in November 2000, the track reached 24 on the American "Billboard" Adult Contemporary Singles chart, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 73rd Academy Awards in 2001.
Kronk's New Groove (also known as The Emperor's New Groove 2: Kronk's New Groove) is a 2005 American direct-to-video animated musical comedy film released by The Walt Disney Company on December 13, 2005.
 The film is the sequel and spin-off to the 2000 animated film "The Emperor's New Groove", and features reprises of the roles of David Spade, John Goodman, Eartha Kitt, Patrick Warburton and Wendie Malick from the original film, with new voices by John Mahoney and Tracey Ullman.
 It was also the last film to feature the voice of John Fiedler, who died six months before the movie was released.
Restrung is an American-Canadian independent documentary film directed, shot, and edited by Mike Enns and produced by Enns and Randy Fullmer.
 The film chronicles Fullmer's life and career from making guitars at a young age, to work on Disney films such as "The Emperor's New Groove," "Who Framed Roger Rabbit," and "The Lion King," to ultimately resign from the company and establishing a guitar-making business.
 The film made its world premier on July 1, 2014.
The Emperor's New School is an American animated television series on Disney Channel, based on the 2000 film "The Emperor's New Groove".
 It follows the adventures of a temporarily-dethroned Kuzco as he completes his education in order to return to the throne, while Yzma, as the school's principal, will stop at nothing to prevent Kuzco from passing all of his classes.
David Hartley or Dave Hartley is a musician especially notable for several collaborations with Sting.
 Their cooperations include writing songs for the Walt Disney Animation Studios "The Emperor's New Groove", arranging for the song You Will Be My Ain True Love from Cold Mountain (soundtrack), Hartley performed on the Sting albums Brand New Day and Sacred Love as a string arranger and conductor as well as playing piano and Hammond organ.
The Emperor's New Groove is a 2000 American animated buddy comedy film created by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the 40th Disney animated feature film.
 It was directed by Mark Dindal, produced by Randy Fullmer, written by David Reynolds, and stars David Spade, John Goodman, Eartha Kitt, Patrick Warburton and Wendie Malick.
The following are fictional characters from Disney's 2000 film "The Emperor's New Groove", its direct-to-video sequel "Kronk's New Groove", and the spin-off television series "The Emperor's New School".
Man's Heart () is a tragedy silent film about the overseas Chinese community in tin mining industry, which was produced and released in 1928, presented by the "Kwong Kwong Motion Picture Company ()", which was located in Seremban, Negeri Sembilan state.
 its film crew and shooting equipments are coming from the past "Nanyang Low Pui-kim's Self-made "Motion Picture Company ()" in Singapore.
