The Discocks are a punk rock band formed in 1989 with Peter (Ohashi) and bass, Naka-chin on guitar and early D.S.B. drummer Hiroichi on drums.
 In 1994 the band released their first EP "Voice Of Youth" on their own New Age Records.
 The EP was re-released with a different cover on Helen Of Oi!
 Records.
 The band continued to play shows in Japan before in 1995 releasing The "Class Of '94" EP on Knock Out Records.
 This EP contained two covers of English Oi!
/Punk band The Ejected.
 They also released the split EP with Tom And Boot Boys on Knock Out Records which contained three songs from Tom And Boot Boys and two from the Discocks (one of which was a cover of Menace's "Last Year's Youth").
 New Age Records also released a compilation LP in 1995 called "Noise For The Boys" with the bands Raise A Flag, Taisho as well as five new songs from The Discocks.
 In 1997 the band went to North America with Tom And Boot Boys to record their first full length Long Live Oi!
 During their time they toured the east coast with The Unseen, The Casualties and Blanks 77.
 The Unseen members Mark and Paul also contributed to the choruses on Long Live Oi!
.
 After returning to Japan in late 1997 the band recorded a two track EP on Overthrow Records called "Bootboys Anthem".
 Soon saw the departure of longtime members Naka-Chin and Hiroishi, however they were quickly replaced with YAS and Ben from fellow Oi!
 band Blockbuster this lineup recorded the O.P.D.L. demo and appeared on the 7" compilation "Transition Period" alongside The Dick Spikie and Youth Anthem.
The J. Geils Band was an American rock band formed in 1968, in Worcester, Massachusetts, under the leadership of guitarist John "J." Geils.
 The other band members included vocalist Peter Wolf, harmonica player Richard "Magic Dick" Salwitz, drummer Stephen Bladd, vocalist/keyboardist Seth Justman and bassist Danny Klein.
 Wolf and Justman served as principal songwriters.
 The band played R&B-influenced blues rock during the 1970s and soon achieved commercial success before moving towards a more mainstream radio-friendly sound in the early 1980s, which brought the band to its commercial peak.
 After Wolf left the band in 1983 to pursue a solo career, the band released one more album in 1984 with Justman on lead vocals before breaking up in 1985.
 Beginning in 1999, the band had several reunions prior to the death of its namesake founder J. Geils on April 11, 2017.
Electric Guitars were an English band formed early in 1980 by Neil Davenport (vocals, lyrics) and Richard Hall (bass, vocals) who were both studying English at Bristol University.
 The band soon increased to a five-man line-up, with Andy Saunders (guitar, vocals), Matt Salt (drums) and Dick Truscott (keyboards), they also later added two backing singers: Sara and Wendy Patridge.
 Their first single "Health" / "Continental Shelf" was released on local label Fried Egg Records in 1980.
SWMRS (formerly Emily's Army) is an American punk rock band formed in Oakland, California in 2004 by Cole Becker and Joey Armstrong, with Cole's brother Max joining only a few weeks afterwards.
 They drew on a mix of influences ranging from the Beach Boys to the Ramones to create their own brand of rock.
 The band added Travis Neumann in 2009, who later left in 2014 due to creative differences.
 The band released a demo and a string of EPs from 2008 to 2010.
 The band released their first album, "Don't Be a Dick", on June 14, 2011.
 The band's second album, "Lost at Seventeen", was released on June 11, 2013.
 They added Sebastian Mueller as the bassist 2014.
 The band's third studio album, and their first under the name SWMRS after dropping their former name, "Drive North", was released February 12, 2016, via Uncool Records. "
Drive North" was later re-released and remastered after the band was signed to record label Fueled By Ramen on October 13, 2016.
The Onyx or Onyx is a psychedelic rock band formed in Wadebridge, Cornwall, UK in 1965.
 Out of the ashes of Rick & The Hayseeds the band came to be known as The Onyx Set, named after an Onyx ring owned by original band member Mike Black-Borow.
 After various changes in the line-up they shortened their name to The Onyx and the classic line-up was formed.
 The band members were: guitarist Alan Hodge, who had previously played with various local bands such as The Buccaneers and The Fabulous Jaguars, vocalist Tony Priest, bassist Dick Bland, keyboard player Steve Cotton and drummer Roger Dell.
The Agents were a post-punk band formed in 1980 in Bristol, England.
 The band formed from the remnants of several bands that were playing the American Military bases circuit in Europe in the 1970s.
 The band were based in Mannheim, Germany and the lineup consisted of vocalist Swig (real name Richard Snow), guitarist Dave Libby, bassist Larry Burr and drummer Nick Bahra.
 The band were known for an exciting live act and built up a big following in Europe.
 In 1981 they released "Everybody's Gonna Be Happy", a single printed in green vinyl with a gatefold sleeve.
 The album (of the same name), release the same year on Teldec, produced by Ingo Schantz.
Versus is an American indie rock band formed in 1990 by Richard Baluyut, Fontaine Toups, and Edward Baluyut in New York City.
 Richard and Fontaine were to remain the two core members throughout the band's history.
 The band was noted for their marriage of indie pop songwriting and vocal harmonies to the "loud-soft" dynamics of grunge and alternative rock.
 They were also noted for their proficient and disciplined musicianship and for their credo of "meat, sports, and rock", none of which had much currency in the early 1990s American indie scene.
 They named themselves after the Mission of Burma album "Vs."
Dick Delicious and The Tasty Testicles are a comedy / metal band from Atlanta, Georgia.
 The band formed in 1992 and released 3 albums between 1995 and 2003.
 In 2003 the Dick Delicious received the "Howard Stern Award for Musical Excellence" and broke up shortly afterward.
Teddy and the Pandas were an American garage rock band formed in 1963 as the Sensations in Beverly, Massachusetts.
 The band originally consisted of Al Lawrence on vocals, Billy Corelle on bass guitar, Ralph Cooper on drums, Joe Daly on lead guitar, and Dick Winters on saxophone.
 Shortly thereafter, the group added Dick Guerrette on keyboards, and guitarist William "Teddy" Dewart, while Winters moved on.
 In 1964, Jerry Labrecque replaced drummer Ralph Cooper, finalizing the line-up that was to become known as Teddy and The Pandas.
RPA & The United Nations of Sound are a British alternative rock band formed by vocalist Richard Ashcroft, former lead singer of The Verve.
 Ashcroft announced the formation of the band (which is a pseudonym more than a real band) and presented the video of the first single, "Are You Ready?"
, on 18 January 2010 in an exclusive premiere on the "NME" website.
 "Are You Ready?"
 was released only in the UK on 1 April 2010 in a limited edition 12" vinyl.
 On 9 April 2010 the band released a fanclub-only track, "Third Eye (Colombus Circle)".
 In the first two weeks of June Ashcroft and his musicians completed a European tour (Ancona, Paris, Berlin, Cologne, Amsterdam, Manchester and London), then they played in Tokyo and Osaka on 7–8 August 2010 during the Summer Sonic Festival 2010 and also in Melbourne and Sydney respectively on 30 July and 31 July.
 The band played in Australia also during the Splendour in the Grass Festival in late July.
 The band's debut album as Richard's backing lineup, entitled "United Nations of Sound", was released on 19 July 2010.
 "Born Again", the first proper single, was officially released the same day of the album as a digital download.
