The Nobel Prize in Physics (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i fysik" ) is a yearly award given by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences for those who conferred the most outstanding contributions for mankind in the field of physics.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 and awarded since 1901; the others being the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Literature, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
In physics, canonical quantization is a procedure for quantizing a classical theory, while attempting to preserve the formal structure, such as symmetries, of the classical theory, to the greatest extent possible.
The Cosmic catastrophe is a thought experiment in which the sun were to instantaneously disappear.
 The question is what would then happen to the earth and the other planets orbiting the sun.
 According to Isaac Newton's classical theory of gravity, the planets would immediately cease to move in circular motion, and due to inertia would start traveling in a straight line.
 Albert Einstein saw a deficiency in Newton's theory.
 Due to the finiteness of the speed of light, it would take a certain amount of time before the darkness from the sun's absence would reach the orbiting planet.
 Therefore, why would the planet instantaneously start traveling in a straight line before the arrival of information that the sun's disappearance has occurred?
Mohammad Abdus Salam {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'NI, SPk, KBE', '4': "} (Punjabi, Urdu: ‎ ; ] ; 29 January 192621 November 1996), was a Pakistani theoretical physicist.
 A major figure in 20th century theoretical physics, he shared the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics with Sheldon Glashow and Steven Weinberg for his contribution to the electroweak unification theory.
 He was the first Pakistani and first Muslim to receive a Nobel Prize in science and the second from an Islamic country to receive any Nobel Prize (after Anwar Sadat of Egypt).
Since 1901, the Nobel Prize in Literature (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i litteratur" ) has been awarded annually to an author from any country who has, in the words of the will of Alfred Nobel, produced "in the field of literature the most outstanding work in an ideal direction" (original Swedish: "den som inom litteraturen har producerat det mest framstående verket i en idealisk riktning").
 Though individual works are sometimes cited as being particularly noteworthy, here "work" refers to an author's work as a whole.
 The Swedish Academy decides who, if anyone, will receive the prize in any given year.
 The academy announces the name of the chosen laureate in early October.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Physics, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
In mathematical physics, geometric quantization is a mathematical approach to defining a quantum theory corresponding to a given classical theory.
 It attempts to carry out quantization, for which there is in general no exact recipe, in such a way that certain analogies between the classical theory and the quantum theory remain manifest.
 For example, the similarity between the Heisenberg equation in the Heisenberg picture of quantum mechanics and the Hamilton equation in classical physics should be built in.
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i fysiologi eller medicin" ) is awarded annually by the Swedish Karolinska Institute to scientists and doctors in the various fields of physiology or medicine.
 It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel (who died in 1896), awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine.
 As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members and an executive secretary elected by the Karolinska Institute.
 While commonly referred to as the Nobel Prize in Medicine, Nobel specifically stated that the prize be awarded for "physiology or medicine" in his will.
 Because of this, the prize can be awarded in a broader range of fields.
 The first Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded in 1901 to Emil Adolf von Behring, of Germany.
 Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award that has varied throughout the years.
 In 1901, von Behring received 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2008.
 In 2013, the prize was awarded to James E. Rothman, Randy W. Schekman and Thomas C. Südhof; they were recognised "after discovering how cells precisely transport material".
 The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
In theoretical physics, massive gravity is a theory of gravity that modifies general relativity by endowing the graviton with a nonzero mass.
 In the classical theory, this means that gravitational waves obey a massive wave equation and hence travel at speeds below the speed of light.
Ada E. Yonath (Hebrew: עדה יונת‎ ‎ , ] ) (born 22 June 1939) is an Israeli crystallographer best known for her pioneering work on the structure of the ribosome.
 She is the current director of the Helen and Milton A. Kimmelman Center for Biomolecular Structure and Assembly of the Weizmann Institute of Science.
 In 2009, she received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry along with Venkatraman Ramakrishnan and Thomas A. Steitz for her studies on the structure and function of the ribosome, becoming the first Israeli woman to win the Nobel Prize out of ten Israeli Nobel laureates, the first woman from the Middle East to win a Nobel prize in the sciences, and the first woman in 45 years to win the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.
 However, she said herself that there was nothing special about a woman winning the Prize.
Aage Niels Bohr (] ; 19 June 1922 – 8 September 2009) was a Danish nuclear physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1975 with Ben Mottelson and James Rainwater "for the discovery of the connection between collective motion and particle motion in atomic nuclei and the development of the theory of the structure of the atomic nucleus based on this connection".
 Starting from Rainwater's concept of an irregular-shaped liquid drop model of the nucleus, Bohr and Mottelson developed a detailed theory that was in close agreement with experiments.
 Since his father, Niels Bohr, had won the prize in 1922, he and his father were one of the six pairs of fathers and sons who have both won the Nobel Prize and one of the four pairs who have both won the Nobel Prize in Physics.
