Super Bowl LII, the 52nd Super Bowl and the 48th modern-era National Football League (NFL) championship game, will decide the league champion for the 2017 NFL season.
 The game is scheduled to be held on February 4, 2018, at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the second Super Bowl in Minneapolis, which previously hosted Super Bowl XXVI in 1992.
 The game will be televised in the United States by NBC.
"Frozen" is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of "House" and the eighty-first episode overall.
 It aired on February 3, 2008, following Super Bowl XLII; it attracted slightly more than 29 million viewers, making it the highest rated House episode of the entire series.
 It was ranked third for the week, tied with that week's episode of "American Idol" (also on Fox) and outranked only by the Super Bowl game and the Super Bowl post-game show.
Mathias Kagimu Kiwanuka (born March 8, 1983) is a former American football defensive end.
 He was originally drafted 32nd overall in the 2006 NFL draft.
 He played college football at Boston College.
 He earned two Super Bowl rings with the Giants in Super Bowl XLII and Super Bowl XLVI, beating the New England Patriots twice.
The 2007 New York Giants season was the 83rd season for the New York Giants in the National Football League.
 The Giants finished the regular season 10–6 and in second place in the NFC East, improving upon their 8–8 record in 2006 in which they finished third in their division.
 They qualified for the playoffs as a wild-card team as the #5 seed, and beat the #4 seed Tampa Bay Buccaneers (9–7), the top-seeded Dallas Cowboys (13–3), and the #2 seed Green Bay Packers (13–3) to become the National Football Conference representative in Super Bowl XLII.
 There, they defeated the heavily favored and previously undefeated 18–0 New England Patriots and spoiled their perfect season.
 The 2007 New York Giants became the 9th wild card team in NFL history to reach the Super Bowl and the 5th wild card team to win the Super Bowl, and the very first NFC wild card to accomplish the feat.
 They were the third team in history to win three road playoff games en route to a Super Bowl and set a league record for most consecutive road wins in a single season (11), though the Super Bowl is played on a neutral field rather than an opponent's stadium.
 It was the 7th league championship season for the New York Giants and their first since they won Super Bowl XXV in 1991.
Super Bowl XLVIII was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Denver Broncos and National Football Conference (NFC) champion Seattle Seahawks to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2013 season.
 The Seahawks defeated the Broncos 43–8, the largest margin of victory for an underdog and tied for the third largest point differential overall (35) in Super Bowl history with Super Bowl XXVII (1993).
 It was the first time the winning team scored over 40 points, while holding their opponent to under 10.
 This became the first Super Bowl victory for the Seahawks and the fifth Super Bowl loss for the Broncos, the most of any team.
 The game was played on February 2, 2014, at MetLife Stadium at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey, the first Super Bowl played outdoors in a cold-weather city and the first Super Bowl to be played on a February 2.
The 2010 Green Bay Packers season was the 91st season in the National Football League for the Packers and the 92nd season for the team overall.
 Although they finished with only a respectable 10–6 record, good for a second-place finish in the NFC North, the Packers never lost a game by more than four points, and never trailed by more than seven the entire season, becoming the only team since the AFL-NFL merger in 1970 to accomplish this.
 All six of their regular season losses were by a combined 20 points.
 They entered the playoffs as the NFC's sixth seed.
 After defeating the Philadelphia Eagles 21–16 in the Wild Card round, the Atlanta Falcons 48–21 in the Divisional round and the Chicago Bears 21–14 in the NFC Championship, the team advanced to Super Bowl XLV in which they faced the AFC's 2nd seed Pittsburgh Steelers.
 The Packers defeated the Steelers 31–25 to win their fourth Super Bowl and 13th NFL championship.
 The Packers became the second overall team after the 2005 Pittsburgh Steelers, and the first NFC team, to win the Super Bowl as a sixth seed, as well as becoming the second NFC team to win three straight road playoff games (the 2007 New York Giants won three straight road games as a five seed).
The 2017 Oakland Raiders season is the 58th overall season of the Oakland Raiders franchise, the franchise's 48th season in the National Football League, their 24th season since their return to Oakland, and the third under head coach Jack Del Rio.
 The Raiders are looking to win their first AFC West title since 2002 and the Super Bowl for the first time since 1983, when the club was still in Los Angeles.
 The Raiders began the season on September 10 at the Tennessee Titans and will finish the season December 31 at the Los Angeles Chargers.
 The Raiders, as they did in 2016, will play one home game in Mexico City, this time against the New England Patriots.
Super Bowl XXXVII was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Oakland Raiders and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Tampa Bay Buccaneers to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2002 season.
 The Buccaneers defeated the Raiders by the score of 48–21, tied with Super Bowl XXXV for the seventh largest Super Bowl margin of victory, and winning their first ever Super Bowl.
 The game, played on January 26, 2003 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California, was the sixth Super Bowl to be held a week after the conference championship games (XVII, XXV, XXVIII, XXXIV, and XXXVI).
 It was also the last Super Bowl played in the month of January.
 Super Bowl XXXVI was the first to be played in February, due to the NFL postponing games for a week after the September 11 attacks.
 Starting with Super Bowl XXXVIII in 2004, the Super Bowl has been permanently played in February.
 This was the last Super Bowl until Super Bowl 50 to take place in California.
Lawrence James Henry Tynes (born May 3, 1978) is a Scottish-born former American football placekicker.
 After playing soccer for Milton High School a coach suggested he try out for the football team as a kicker.
 He played college football at Troy and was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2001.
 After four seasons in Kansas City, he was traded to the Giants in 2007.
 In his first season with the Giants, he kicked the game-winning field goal in overtime against the Green Bay Packers in the 2007–08 NFC Championship Game, which qualified the Giants for Super Bowl XLII.
 Four years later, he kicked another overtime field goal against the San Francisco 49ers in the 2011–12 NFC Championship Game, which qualified the Giants for Super Bowl XLVI.
 He has experienced his best success in New York, winning two Super Bowl championships in 2007 and 2011, winning against the New England Patriots in both games.
The 2007 New York Jets season was the 38th NFL season and 48th overall season for the football team.
 This season was the second under head coach Eric Mangini.
 The team attempted to improve upon their 10–6 record from 2006, but finished the season with a 4–12 record.
