Alexander "Sandy" Lipsey is a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
 As a member of the Michigan State House of Representatives, he represented the 60th District from 2000 to 2006.
 On July 20, 2007, Lipsey was appointed by Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm to replace Judge Philip Schaefer on the Kalamazoo County Circuit Court.
The Equal Opportunity to Govern Amendment, also known as the Hatch Amendment, is a United States constitutional amendment proposed in July 2003 by Senator Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) to repeal the natural born citizen clause prohibiting citizens who were naturalized from holding the office of President or Vice President of the United States.
 Hatch's amendment would allow anyone who has been a US citizen for twenty years to seek these offices.
 In the wake of the California recall election, 2003, this proposal was widely seen as an attempt to make California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger (born in Austria and naturalized in 1983) eligible for the presidency and is sometimes nicknamed "Arnold bill" or "Amend for Arnold".
 However, there are other politicians who were not born as American citizens and therefore would benefit from such an amendment.
 Notables include Michigan governor Jennifer Granholm (born in Canada, naturalized in 1980), former Florida Senator Mel Martinez (born in Cuba), former United States Secretary of State Madeleine Albright (born in Czechoslovakia), former Vermont governor Madeleine Kunin (born in Switzerland), and current Secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao (born in Taiwan).
 The text of the amendment reads as follows:
Pure Michigan began as an advertising campaign launched in 2008 by the state of Michigan, featuring the voice of actor and comedian Tim Allen.
 The Pure Michigan campaign, which aims to market the state of Michigan as a travel and tourism destination, received state and international attention beginning in 2008 when Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm approved $45 million in additional funding for the Pure Michigan campaign from the 21st Century Jobs Trust Fund.
 The unprecedented tourism fund amount for the state allowed the Pure Michigan campaign to be broadcast on a national level beginning in March 2009.
 Annual funding for fiscal 2014 was $29 million.
Michigander and Michiganian are demonyms for residents of the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Less common alternatives include "Michiganer", "Michiganite", "Michiganese", and "Michigine".
 There is no "official" term.
 While previous governors Jennifer Granholm, John Engler, and Jim Blanchard used "Michiganian", current governor Rick Snyder uses "Michigander".
 A 2011 poll indicated 58% of Michigan residents preferred "Michigander", compared to 12% for "Michiganian", with 12% having no preference, and 11% not liking either term.
 Residents of the Upper Peninsula typically refer to themselves as "Yoopers" instead.
 Yoopers refer to residents of the Lower Peninsula who live "below the bridge" between the peninsulas as "Trolls."
Cool Cities Initiative began as an initiative started by Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm to spur growth and investment in Northern Cities.
 The Initiative was proposed in 2003 in response to students attending college in Michigan and then seeking employment out of state.
 The Stadium District, immediately south of Oldsmobile Park in Lansing, was redeveloped using a grant from the Cool Cities project.
Ray Wert is the former head of Gawker's content sales department of Gawker Media, and used to be the Editor in Chief of the Gawker-owned automotive weblog Jalopnik.
 He has been a senior staffer for Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm, and a campaign organizer on staff for Presidential candidate John Kerry.
 Wert has written for "The New York Times" and "Popular Mechanics", and is a regular contributor to various CNBC shows such as "On the Money".
 Wert splits his time between New York City and metro Detroit.
Virgil C. Smith (born July 4, 1947) is a judge of the 3rd Circuit Court in Wayne County, Michigan.
 He was appointed to fill a vacancy in this court by Governor Jennifer Granholm.
 Smith has served as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives and as a Michigan State Senator.
 He represented a district in Detroit.
David Hollister (born April 3, 1942) served as the mayor of Lansing, Michigan from 1993 to 2003, until he resigned to be the director of the Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth under Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm's administration.
 During his tenure as mayor, he was instrumental in convincing General Motors Corporation to build the Grand River Assembly Plant downtown, and to build a new plant in the region to replace the Lansing Car Assembly Plant which dated back to 1903.
 Also under his tenure came the completion of Cooley Law School Stadium, the stadium for the Lansing Lugnuts, a Class A minor league baseball team.
 Mayor Hollister made central city (including downtown and Old Town) revitalization a top priority of his administration.
 Hollister was born In Kalamazoo and raised in Battle Creek, Michigan, where he graduated from Battle Creek Central High School.
 He earned bachelor's and master's degrees from Michigan State University.
 From 1967 to 1970 he was a social studies teacher at Lansing Eastern High School.
 Prior to becoming mayor, he served in the Michigan House of Representatives from 1973-1993 representing the City of Lansing.
 In 2005 he was recruited to run Prima Civitas, an economic development organization funded by Michigan State University and the city governments of Lansing and East Lansing, Michigan.
MiCorps, the Michigan Clean Water Corps, is a network of volunteer water monitoring programs in Michigan.
 It was created through an executive order by Governor Jennifer Granholm to assist the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) in collecting and sharing water quality data for use in water resources management and protection programs.
The Michigan gubernatorial election of 2006 was one of the 36 U.S. gubernatorial elections held November 7, 2006.
 Incumbent Democratic Governor Jennifer Granholm was re-elected over Republican businessman Dick DeVos and three minor party candidates.
 Granholm was re-elected with 56% of the vote.
