Cladorhiza inversa is a species of sponge in the taxonomic category of Demospongiae.
 The body of the sponge consists of a spicule and fibers and is water absorbent.
Heterostropha was a previously used taxonomic category, an order of sea snails, within the superorder Heterobranchia.
 In the most current gastropod taxonomy, that of Bouchet & Rocroi, this taxon is no longer in use.
Helleborine is the common name for a number of species of orchid.
 It does not correspond to any currently used taxonomic category.
 Some of the plants called helleborines are classified in the genus "Epipactis", some in genus "Cephalanthera".
 A genus "Helleborine" was formerly recognised but has now been absorbed into the Grass pink genus "Calapogon".
Eogastropoda was a previously used taxonomic category of snails or gastropods, a subclass which was erected by Ponder and Lindberg in 1997.
 It was one of two great divisions (subclasses) of the class Gastropoda, the snails.
 The other subclass of gastropods was the Orthogastropoda.
Sigmurethra is a taxonomic category of air-breathing land snails and slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs.
 This is an informal group which includes the majority of land snails and slugs.
Aptera is an obsolete taxonomic category, which included the Apterygota along with various other wingless arthropods.
Dendrology (Ancient Greek: δένδρον , "dendron", "tree"; and Ancient Greek: -λογία , "-logia", "science of" or "study of") or xylology (Ancient Greek: ξύλον , "ksulon", "wood") is the science and study of wooded plants (trees, shrubs, and lianas), specifically, their taxonomic classifications.
 There is no sharp boundary between plant taxonomy and dendrology; however, woody plants not only belong to many different plant families, but these families may be made up of both woody and non-woody members.
 Some families include only a few woody species.
 Dendrology, as a discipline of industrial forestry, tends to focus on identification of economically useful woody plants and their taxonomic interrelationships.
 As an academic course of study, Dendrology will include all woody plants, native and non-native, that occur in a region.
 A related discipline is the study of Sylvics, which focuses on the autecology of genera and species.
A common classification of the Lepidoptera involves their differentiation into butterflies and moths. Butterflies are a natural monophyletic group, often given the suborder Rhopalocera, which includes Papilionoidea (true butterflies), Hesperiidae (skippers), and Hedylidae (butterfly moths).
 In this taxonomic scheme moths belong to the suborder Heterocera.
 Other taxonomic schemes have been proposed; the most common putting the butterflies into the suborder Ditrysia and then the "superfamily" Papilionoidea, and ignoring a classification for moths.
 However none of the taxonomic schemes are perfect, and taxonomists commonly argue over how to define the obvious differences between butterflies and moths.
Gammaridae is a family of amphipods.
 In North America they are included among the folk taxonomic category of "scuds", and otherwise gammarids is usually used as a common name.
Cladorhiza segonzaci is a species of sponge in the taxonomic category of Demospongiae.
 The body of the sponge consists of a spicule and fibers and is water absorbent.
