First Alliance Bank Zambia Limited (FABZL), also known as First Alliance Bank (Zambia), is a commercial bank in Zambia.
 It is one of the commercial banks in the country, licensed by Bank of Zambia, the national banking regulator.
 , it was one of the five commercial banks in Zambia that did not charge customers ATM fees.
Kyocera Kona is a line of low cost cellular phones manufactured by Kyocera Communications, Inc.
 The Kona line up of phones are available on the following US Carriers: Sprint, Cricket, Virgin Mobile, and Boost Mobile.
 The Kyocera Kona is respective representation of the current line up of low cost and usually contract free phones available for sale in the US during the year 2013.
James Nicholas Tooley (born July 1959, in Southampton, England) is a professor of education policy at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne, where he directs the E. G. West Centre.
 For his research on private education for the poor in India, China and Africa, Tooley was awarded the gold prize in the first International Finance Corporation/Financial Times Private Sector Development Competition in September 2006.
 From 2007 to 2009, he was founding President of the Education Fund, Orient Global, and lived in Hyderabad, India.
 He is currently chairman of education companies in Ghana (Omega Schools Franchise Ltd) and India (Empathy Learning Systems Pvt Ltd) creating low cost chains of low cost private schools.
 He also holds an appointment as an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute and serves on the Advisory Council of the Institute of Economic Affairs as well as on the Academic Advisory Council of Civitas: The Institute for the Study of Civil Society.
 He also serves on the Board of Visitors of Ralston College, a start-up liberal arts college in Savannah.
Ten Ton Studios is an online American comic book studio and messaging forum.
 It was founded in 2005 by 15 members as a venue where these creators could publish their material and creator-owned properties as well as have the ability to be freelance creators for others.
 Many founding members can be found working for the likes of Image Comics, IDW, Dark Horse Publishing, DC Comics, and Marvel Comics, as well as self-published successful creator owned projects through Comixology.
Come Fly with Me is a British mockumentary television comedy series created by and starring Matt Lucas and David Walliams.
 Narrated by Lindsay Duncan, the series launched on 25 December 2010 on BBC One and BBC One HD.
 A spoof of British documentaries "Airport" and "Airline", the series follows the activity at a fictional airport and three fictional airlines: FlyLo (a low cost airline), Our Lady Air (an Irish low cost airline) and Great British Air (a major international British airline).
U-FLY Alliance () is the world's first alliance of low-cost carriers, formed in January 2016 between founding members HK Express, Lucky Air , Urumqi Air, and West Air.
 All four founding airlines are affiliated with the HNA Group, with a focus on Hong Kong, mainland China, and Southeast Asia, but they are currently seeking new members which are not affiliated with HNA Group.
 Eastar Jet, a South Korean low-cost carrier, joined the alliance on 27 July 2016.
Seville Airport (IATA: SVQ, ICAO: LEZL) (Spanish: "Aeropuerto de Sevilla" ) is the sixth busiest inland airport in Spain.
 It is the main international airport serving Western Andalusia in southern Spain, and neighbouring provinces.
 The airport has flight connections to 42 destinations around Europe and Northern Africa, and handled 4,308,852 passengers in 2015.
 It serves as base for the low cost carriers Vueling and Ryanair.
 It is 10 km east of downtown Seville, and some 110 km north-east of Costa de la Luz.
Sky Airline is an airline based at Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport in Santiago, Chile.
 It is the second largest airline in the country behind rival LATAM Airlines.
 It serves international routes to Argentina, Brazil, Peru and Uruguay.
 It operates under a semi-low cost model.
 Compared to other European or US low cost carriers, it has a smaller business model, lower wages for its employees, and lucrative regulatory requirements .
 It also operates charter flights in Chile and South America.
Hong Kong Express Airways Limited, or HK Express (), is a Hong Kong-based low-cost airline which provides scheduled air service to twenty-eight destinations in Asia, including China, Japan, Korea, Cambodia, Myanmar, Vietnam, U.S. Territories, Taiwan and Thailand.
 The airline's main hub at Hong Kong International Airport uses a fleet that consists exclusively of Airbus A320 family .
 The airline is one of the four founding members of the U-FLY Alliance.
The Mini Rover ROV was the world's first small, low cost remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROV) when it was introduced in early 1983.
 After a demonstration to industry professionals, in the Spring of 1984, it blew the remotely operated vehicle market wide open.
 It is a self-propelled, tethered, free swimming vehicle that was designed and built by Chris Nicholson of Deep Sea Systems International, Inc. (DSSI).
 The Mini Rover ROV defined low cost with a price tag of $26,850 when the next lowest cost ROV was $100,000.
 Nicholson built the first Mini Rover ROV in his garage in Falmouth, MA.
 It was 26 inches long and weighed 55 pounds.
 It could be carried on airplanes as luggage.
