Herman Spielter (April 20, 1860 – November 10, 1925) was an American composer born in Germany who came to the United States in 1880.
 He wrote cantatas and other works for choir as well as some chamber music.
Stephen Michael Reich ( or ; born October 3, 1936) is an American composer who, along with La Monte Young, Terry Riley, and Philip Glass, pioneered minimal music in the mid to late 1960s.
Minimal music is a form of art music that employs limited or minimal musical materials.
 In the Western art music tradition the American composers La Monte Young, Terry Riley, Steve Reich, and Philip Glass are credited with being among the first to develop compositional techniques that exploit a minimal approach.
 It originated in the New York Downtown scene of the 1960s and was initially viewed as a form of experimental music called the "New York Hypnotic School."
 As an aesthetic, it is marked by a non-narrative, non-teleological, and non-representational conception of a work in progress, and represents a new approach to the activity of listening to music by focusing on the internal processes of the music, which lack goals or motion toward those goals.
 Prominent features of the technique include consonant harmony, steady pulse (if not immobile drones), stasis or gradual transformation, and often reiteration of musical phrases or smaller units such as figures, motifs, and cells.
 It may include features such as additive process and phase shifting which leads to what has been termed phase music.
 Minimal compositions that rely heavily on process techniques that follow strict rules are usually described using the term process music.
Michael Kibbe (born 1945) is an American contemporary classical music composer born in San Diego, California.
 He has composed over 240 concert works and created numerous arrangements.
 His writing covers many musical styles, encompassing tonal, modal and non-diatonic languages.
 His style often incorporates modern structures but is still accessible to the popular classical listener.
 Some of his works come right of the Romantic Era yet his style in some writings has been compared to Prokofiev.
 There are influences of American composer Gershwin in the Serenade Number 2 for two clarinets that seem at once blues, jazz and classical.
 His music can often reflect themes that bring to mind different cultures.
Ross Lee Finney Junior (December 23, 1906–February 4, 1997) was an American composer born in Wells, Minnesota who taught for many years at the University of Michigan.
 He received his early training at Carleton College and the University of Minnesota and also studied with Nadia Boulanger, Edward Burlingame Hill, Alban Berg (from 1931-2) and Roger Sessions (in 1935).
 In 1928 he spent a year at Harvard University and then joined the faculty at Smith College, where he founded the Smith College Archives and conducted the Northampton Chamber Orchestra.
 In 1935, his setting of poems by Archibald MacLeish won the Connecticut Valley Prize, and in 1937, his "First String Quartet" received a Pulitzer Scholarship Award.
 A Guggenheim Fellowship funded travel in Europe in 1937.
 During World War II, Finney served in the Office of Strategic Services, and received a Purple Heart and a Certificate of Merit.
Jacob Raphael Druckman (June 26, 1928 – May 24, 1996) was an American composer born in Philadelphia.
 A graduate of the Juilliard School, Druckman studied with Vincent Persichetti, Peter Mennin, and Bernard Wagenaar.
 In 1949 and 1950 he studied with Aaron Copland at Tanglewood and later continued his studies at the École Normale de Musique in Paris (1954–55).
 He worked extensively with electronic music, in addition to a number of works for orchestra or for small ensembles.
 In 1972 he won the Pulitzer Prize for his first large orchestral work, "Windows".
 He was composer-in-residence of the New York Philharmonic from 1982 until 1985.
 Druckman taught at Juilliard, The Aspen Music Festival, Tanglewood, Brooklyn College, Bard College, and Yale University, among other appointments.
 He is Connecticut's State Composer Laureate.
Fred Onovwerosuoke (born 1960) is an American composer born in Ghana of Nigerian parents.
 He is a multiple winner of the ASCAP Award, among other awards such as the America Music Center Award, Brannen-Cooper Fund Award, and the Minnesota Orchestra Honorable Mention.
 “FredO,” as he is called by friends and colleagues was born in Secondi-Takoradi, near the Atlantic Coast in Ghana, West Africa.
 Early childhood and education through college years were spent in both Ghana and Nigeria.
 In 1990, he attended Principia College, Elsah, Illinois, on a full scholarship, and while there studied music theory and 20th Century composition techniques under Jim Dowcett, as well as Engineering Science and Computer programming with David Cornell and Tom Fuller.
 Although Onovwerosuoke has had a wide-ranging training that spans composition, electrical and electronic engineering, information technology, management and musicology, he is known to attribute his interest in music to his childhood as boy-soprano and to his high-school music teacher, Sam Anyanele, who instilled him a deep love of indigenous African music.
 His tutelage under Dowcett at Principia was said to unleash a creative individualism that eventually evolved into a career as a composer with works that bear influences from Africa, the Caribbean and the American Deep South.
Elizabeth Gyring (1886–1970) was an American composer born in Vienna, the daughter of laryngologist Leopold Rethy.
 She studied with Joseph Marx and Ludwig Gzaczkes at the Vienna Academy of Music and had successful premieres as a composer in Berlin and Vienna.
 She married Otto Geiringer, and in 1939 the couple emigrated to the United States where Gyring became a citizen.
 She died in New York City in 1970, and her papers are housed at Washington State University.
Gheorghi Arnaoudov ] (Bulgarian: ; born 18 March 1957) is a Bulgarian composer of stage, orchestral, chamber, film, vocal, and piano music.
 His work has roots in minimal music.
Henry Eaton Moore was an American composer born in Andover, New Hampshire on July 21, 1803.
 He died in Cambridge, Massachusetts on October 23, 1841.
 Besides music he also was in the publishing business.
