The Index of Middle English Verse (IMEV) is a bibliographic index of poetry in Middle English.
 Its first print publication, in 1943, was an extension of Carleton Brown's "Register of Middle English Religious & Didactic Verse", augmented by the inclusion of secular verse.
 This edition, edited by Brown and Rossell Hope Robbins, contained entries for over 4000 Middle English poems in more than 2000 manuscripts.
 In 1965 the index was supplemented by Robbins and John L. Cutler.
 The IMEV is available online through Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.
Cult MTL is an English language arts, culture and news website and monthly print publication, based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
 Its first print edition appeared on 7 September 2012.
 It was created only a few months after Montreal's last English-language alternative weekly, "Montreal Mirror", was unceremoniously closed by its parent company, Quebecor.
 The founding editor's of "Cult MTL" were also involved with the "Mirror".
 In August 2013 the print version of the magazine was started.
Exclaim!
 is a monthly Canadian music magazine that features in-depth coverage of new music across all genres with a special focus on Canadian and cutting-edge artists.
 Content is based on the monthly print publication, which publishes 9 issues per year, distributing over 103,000 copies to over 2,600 locations across Canada.
 The magazine has an average of 361,200 monthly readers.
 Their website, exclaim.ca, has an average of 675,000 unique visitors a month.
Sandman was a free music magazine launched in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, in September 2002.
 Later versions were created, specifically covering Leeds, Kingston upon Hull, York, Nottingham and Manchester before all five editions were amalgamated into one compendium edition which also covered Manchester, Bradford, Derby and Leicester making Sandman the largest independent publication of its kind in the UK.
Insurgent49 was an alternative monthly newspaper based in Anchorage, Alaska.
 It was initially established as a website, which was updated weekly.
 The first online edition was published April 1, 2005; the first print edition was published October 2005.
 The paper continued print publication through the March issue, but reverted to online publication only as of the April 2006 edition.
 At the 2006 Alaska Press Club Conference, the paper received several awards.
FADER Label is an independent record label based in New York City that has released albums by Matt and Kim, Yuna, Editors, Neon Indian, Birdmonster, and Saul Williams.
 It was founded in 2002 by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen.
The Fader (stylized as The FADER) is a New York City-based music magazine launched in 1999 by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen, covering music, style and culture.
 It was the first print publication to be released on iTunes.
SexIs Magazine is a quarterly print publication and daily webzine devoted to sex and sexual culture, founded in 2008 by Web Merchants, parent company of sex toy e-tailer EdenFantasys.com.
 The first print issue debuted in November 2009, distributed nationwide as an insert in "BUST magazine".
 The website publishes articles, columns, video presentations and news items daily.
Cornerstone is a New York-based creative lifestyle marketing and public relations agency with offices in New York City, Los Angeles, and London.
 It is helmed by co-CEOs Rob Stone and Jon Cohen.
 The company employs approximately 100 professionals worldwide, in addition to a network of field marketing representatives throughout the United States.
State.ie (formerly State Magazine) is an Irish website and formerly a monthly music magazine, which launched in April 2008 and ceased to print in January 2009 having published a total of ten issues.
 The magazine continues online and was voted Best Music Site in 2008 and Best Web Publication in 2010 in the Irish Web Awards.
 Originally the concept of the magazine involved a hard copy of which there was a charge to purchase, however after six issues it was decided to make the magazine's content free both online and in print.
 The first issue, April 2008, appeared on Irish shelves on 6 March 2008 and featured Michael Stipe of R.E.M. on the cover.
 This immediately garnered comparisons between the new magazine's similarities with "Hot Press" who featured Stipe on their cover at the same time, a move widely thought to be an attempt by Hot Press to stifle State's status as a serious 'alternative' to the more established local magazine.
 At a price of €5.50, "State" charged €2 more than "Hot Press".
