Continental AG, commonly known as Continental, is a leading German automotive manufacturing company specialising in tyres, brake systems, interior electronics, automotive safety, powertrain and chassis components, tachographs, and other parts for the automotive and transportation industries.
 Continental is based in Hanover, Lower Saxony, Germany.
 Continental is the world's fourth-largest tyre manufacturer.
 Continental was founded in 1871 as a rubber manufacturer, "Continental-Caoutchouc und Gutta-Percha Compagnie".
 After acquiring Siemens AG's VDO automotive unit in 2007 Continental was ranked third in global OEM automotive parts sales in 2012 according to a study sponsored by PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Stomil Olsztyn was a tyre manufacturer based in Olsztyn, Poland.
 The company came into existence when the tyre plant OZOS „Stomil”, founded in 1967, was privatized in 1992.
 In 1995 Michelin acquired the majority share in Stomil.
 From 1995 to May 28, 2004 Stomil was quoted at the Warsaw Stock Exchange.
 In 2005 Michelin gained full control of Stomil and renamed it to "Michelin Polska S.A.".
 With roughly 4,000 employees "Michelin Polska" is one of the largest Michelin plants and the largest tyre plant in Poland.
Clément Tyres, Clément Pneumatics, Clément Pneumatici, is a Franco Italian tyre manufacturer that was founded by French industrialist and bicycle manufacturer Adolphe Clément-Bayard, possibly around the 1900s.
 The brand ceased active trading in the 1990s but was revived under American identity in 2010.
JK Tyre & Industries Ltd is an Automotive Tyre, Tubes and flaps manufacturing company based in Delhi, India.
 The name JK is derived from the initials of Kamlapatji (1884–1937) and his father Seth Juggilal (1857–1922).
 The company is the market leader in Truck/Bus Radial tire in India and is the only tyre manufacturer offering the entire range of 4 wheeler radials for Trucks, Buses and Cars.
 JK Tyre has a worldwide customer base in over 80 countries across all 6 continents.
 It is a part of J. K. Organisation group of Companies.
 JK Tyre acquired Mexican tyre major – Tornel in 2008.
 With production facilities in all 9 plants, total production capacity is almost 20 million tyres p.a.
Jürgen M. Geissinger (born July 24, 1959) is a German technology business executive and Chief Executive Officer of "Senvion S.A.", a Hamburg based wind turbine manufacturer.
 Geissinger is best known for his role as the Chief Executive of Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co.
 KG, a technology conglomerate known for its bearing solutions and precision components for engine and transmission systems for automotive, as well as industrial and aerospace applications.
 During Geissinger’s tenure as CEO, annual sales have risen more than fivefold.
 Schaeffler AG, employing over 76,000 people across 180 locations in 50 countries, with annual sales of $14 billion, is also the controlling shareholder of Continental AG with 49.9% of its shares.
The 1978 Brazilian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 29 January 1978 at Jacarepagua.
 The race was won by Argentine driver Carlos Reutemann driving a Ferrari 312T2 in a flag-to-flag performance.
 The win also represented the first win for tyre manufacturer Michelin.
 Local driver Emerson Fittipaldi was second, scoring the first podium finish for the Fittipaldi Automotive with Austrian Brabham driver Niki Lauda finishing third.
 French driver Didier Pironi took his first points in Formula One, finishing sixth.
 The race also represented the first win for French tyre manufacturer Michelin in Formula One.
Lapo Edovard Elkann (born 7 October 1977) is an Italian entrepreneur and grandson of Gianni Agnelli, the former controlling CEO and controlling shareholder of Fiat Automobiles.
TerreStar Corporation ("TSTR"), formerly "Motient Corp." (MNCP - 2000-2007) and "American Mobile Satellite Corp." (AMSC - 1988-2000), was the controlling shareholder of "TerreStar Networks Inc.", "TerreStar National Services, Inc." and "TerreStar Global Ltd.", and a shareholder of SkyTerra Communications.
Neeraj Kanwar (born 6 September 1971) is the vice chairman and managing director of Apollo Tyres, India's second largest tyre manufacturer with annual revenues of over $2 billion.
 He is credited with turning Apollo Tyres from a commercial vehicle-focussed tyre manufacturer in India when he joined in 1995 into a multinational company that now manufactures tyres for commercial and passenger vehicles as well as two wheeler tyres.
Belshina is a tyre manufacturer in Belarus.
 The name is an abbreviation for "Belаruskaya shina", or "Belarusian Tyre".
