Jeremy Felton (born July 17, 1987), better known by his mononym Jeremih ( ), is an American singer, songwriter, rapper and record producer.
 In 2009, he signed a record deal with Def Jam Recordings.
 Jeremih's commercial debut single, "Birthday Sex", peaked at number four on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 His self-titled debut album reached number six on the US "Billboard" 200 chart.
 Jeremih's success continued with the release of his second album, "All About You", led by the single "Down on Me", which also reached the top five of the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 In 2014, his single "Don't Tell 'Em" became his third top-ten hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 After multiple delays, Jeremih released his third studio album, "Late Nights" in 2015.
 He announced that he is working on a joint album with PartyNextDoor called "Late Night Party".
 He is also working on his fourth studio album, "Later That Night".
Iyanya Onoyom Mbuk (born 31 October 1986), known by his mononym Iyanya, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, and performer.
 He rose to fame after winning the first season of "Project Fame West Africa", and is best known for his hit single "Kukere".
 He co-founded the record label Made Men Music Group with Ubi Franklin in 2011.
 He released his debut studio album, "My Story", in 2011.
 It was supported by the singles "No Time" and "Love Truly". "
Desire", his second studio album, contained the singles "Kukere", "Ur Waist", "Flavour", "Sexy Mama", and "Jombolo".
 He won the Artist of the Year award at The Headies 2013.
 In October 2016, Iyanya announced via Instagram that he signed a record deal with Mavin Recordsafter signing a management deal with Temple Management Company months before.
 He first announced his intentions to leave Made Man Music Group in July 2016.
Holy Smoke is the debut album from New Zealand pop singer Gin Wigmore, released under the mononym Gin.
 Singles released off the album included "Oh My", "I Do" and "Hey Ho".
 The Cardinals play on every track and backed Wigmore on her subsequent tour.
Different Kinda Different is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in June 1980 by Columbia Records and included covers of two standards ("Deep Purple", "Temptation") and two recent hits ("I Will Survive", "With You I'm Born Again").
 It also continued the trend of recording duets with a female singer; for this project Paulette McWilliams (using the mononym Paulette) shared vocal duties on two of the six new songs.
Karen Rosenberg (born 20 June 1975), better known by her mononym Karen is a Danish R&B singer.
 She released three albums.
 Her debut album "En til en" in 2000 was produced by Saqib of Outlandish and Lasse Lindholm of Hvid Sjokolade.
 Her follow-up album.
 The album was nominated to three awards during the Danish Music Awards eventually winning Best R&B.
 She also became famous with "Vis mig du' min mand" taken from the album.
 Her follow-up album "Ingen smalle steder" in 2004 was produced by her boyfriend producer Vagn Luv.
 In 2009, she released "Stiletto", but with much lesser success.
 the album didn't chart on the Tracklisten.
Mayra Caról Ambriz Quintana (born May 21, 1986 in Los Angeles, California)—better known under the mononym, Myra— is the daughter of Salvador Ambriz and Consuelo Quintana.
 Myra is an American singer, dancer and choreographer of Mexican descent.
 She is the first Latina artist to have been signed to Hollywood Records, Walt Disney Records, and Avex Trax.
 She rose to prominence in 2001 after recording a cover of Martha and the Vandellas' "Dancing in the Street" for the soundtrack to the 2001 film "" (which she would then re-record in 2002 in Spanish for the Disney Channel original movie, Gotta Kick It Up!
).
 However, her first album released before being signed to Disney -released in 1997, was the Mariachi album "Mensajera del Amór", released by Briaz Promotions.
 At the time of its release, Myra was then known as Mayra Caról.
 During her Disney-era portion of her career, she contributed her vocals to the song "Miracles Happen (When You Believe)" to the film "The Princess Diaries", and it received a 2002 ALMA Award nomination for Outstanding Song in a Motion Picture Soundtrack.
 Her debut album "Myra" included these two tracks and were released as singles and both included a music video.
 The album "Myra" was released in four different formats.
Jillian Rose Banks (born June 16, 1988), known professionally by the mononym Banks (often stylized as BANKS), is an American singer and songwriter from Orange County, California.
 She is signed to Harvest Records and Good Years Recordings.
 Following the release of two extended plays, "Fall Over" and "London", in 2013, Banks released her debut album, "Goddess", on September 5, 2014, to positive reviews from contemporary music critics.
 It reached number 12 on the US Billboard 100, while its most successful single, "Beggin for Thread", was certified gold by the RIAA.
 Her second studio album, "The Altar", was released on September 30, 2016, to a similar positive reception.
Humood Othman AlKhudher (in Arabic حمود عثمان الخضر; born 1989), sometimes known only by his mononym Humood is a Kuwaiti singer.
 He had a successful solo career, first as a child singer, and then as an independent artist.
 He released his debut album "Fekra" in 2013.
 In 2015 he was signed to Awakening Records and launched his album "Aseer Ahsan" with the label.
 The album includes 10 uplifting songs produced by Awakening Records.
Janna-Mari Hurmerinta (born 20 December 1981), better known by her mononym Janna, is a Finnish R&B, and pop singer, songwriter and pianist.
 Her debut album "Right Now" was released in June 2007 to critical acclaim.
 followed by "The Makings of Me" in 2008.
 In 2013, she was signed to Universal Music Finland.
 Her self-titled album "Janna" topped the Finnish album chart in June 2014.
Danilla Riyadi (known professionally by the mononym Danilla) is an Indonesian singer.
 She has released just one studio album so far: Telisik (2014), and has appeared in several compilation albums, notably for the Tiga Dara remake soundtrack where she sung ""Bimbang Tanpa Pegangan"" and ""Pilih Menantu"" with Indra Aziz.
 Her debut album was placed on number #18 of Rolling Stone Indonesia album of the year.
