Hydrangea paniculata, the panicled hydrangea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae native to southern and eastern China, Korea, Japan and Russia (Sakhalin).
 It was first formally described by Philipp Franz von Siebold in 1829.
 It is a deciduous shrub or small tree, 1 - tall by 2.5 m broad, growing in sparse forests or thickets in valleys or on mountain slopes.
Charles Maries (18 December 1851 – 11 October 1902) was an English botanist and plant collector who was sent by James Veitch & Sons of Chelsea, London to search for new hardy plants in Japan, China and Taiwan between 1877 and 1879; there he discovered over 500 new species, which Veitch introduced to England.
 Amongst his finds, several bear his name, including "Abies mariesii", "Davallia mariesii", "Hydrangea macrophylla" "Mariesii", "Platycodon grandiflorus" "Mariesii" and "Viburnum plicatum" "Mariesii".
Hydrangea quercifolia, commonly known by its translation oakleaf hydrangea or oak-leaved hydrangea, is a species of flowering plant native to the Southeastern United States, in woodland habitats from North Carolina west to Tennessee, and south to Florida and Louisiana.
 A deciduous shrub with white showy flower heads, it is a commonly grown garden plant.
 Numerous cultivars are available commercially.
Hydrangea heteromalla is a species of "Hydrangea" flower, native to the Himalayas and China.
 Average height is 10'-15' with inflorescences that are 5"-8" across and bloom May-June,full flowering only occurs in full sun.Is a very adaptable plant that is hardy to USDA zones (4)5-7.
 This plant is seldom seen in American gardens although there is nice specimen at the Hillier Arboretum.
Hydrangea arborescens, commonly known as smooth hydrangea, wild hydrangea, or sevenbark, is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae.
 It is a small- to medium-sized, deciduous shrub up to 3 m tall that is native to the eastern United States.
Hydrangea macrophylla is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae, native to Japan.
 It is a deciduous shrub growing to 2 m tall by 2.5 m broad with large heads of pink or blue flowers in summer and autumn.
 Common names include bigleaf hydrangea, French hydrangea, lacecap hydrangea, mophead hydrangea, penny mac and hortensia.
 It is widely cultivated in many parts of the world in many climates.
 It is not to be confused with "H. aspera" 'Macrophylla'.
Broussaisia arguta, the kanawao, is a species of perennial flowering plant in the "Hydrangea" family, Hydrangeaceae, that is endemic to Hawaiʻ i.
 It is the only species in the monotypic genus Broussaisia.
Hydrangea involucrata is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae, native to Japan and Taiwan.
 It is a deciduous shrub growing to 1 m tall by 2 m broad, with oval leaves and clusters of blue or pink flowers in late summer.
Abrus canescens is a species of flowering plant belonging to the legume family, native to Africa.
 It is considered almost extinct.
Hydrangea serrata is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae, native to mountainous regions of Korea and Japan.
 Common names include mountain hydrangea and tea of heaven.
 Growing to 1.2 m tall and broad, it is a deciduous shrub with oval leaves and panicles of blue and pink flowers in summer and autumn (fall).
 It is widely cultivated as an attractive ornamental shrub throughout the world in areas with suitable climate and soil.
