A novel is any relatively long, written work of narrative fiction, normally in prose, and typically published as a book.
Web fiction is written work of literature available primarily or solely on the Internet.
 A common type of web fiction is the webserial.
 The term comes from old serial stories that were once published regularly in newspapers and magazines.
 They are also sometimes referred to as 'webcomics without pictures', although many do use images as illustrations to supplement the text.
Partial Portraits is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1888.
 The book collected essays that James had written over the preceding decade, mostly on English and American writers.
 But the book also offered treatments of Alphonse Daudet, Guy de Maupassant and Ivan Turgenev.
 Perhaps the most important essay was "The Art of Fiction", James' plea for the widest possible freedom in content and technique in narrative fiction.
The Narrative of John Smith (2011) is a novel written in 1883 by Arthur Conan Doyle, published posthumously by The British Library.
 In a work of narrative fiction, Doyle writes from the perspective of a middle-aged bachelor named John Smith recovering from rheumatic gout.
 Unlike his later work in detective fiction, fantasy, and science fiction, this novel unfolds through a series of tangential, essay-like thoughts stemming from observations on everyday life.
 The subjects are of a “personal-social-political complexion”.
In literature, a serial is a printed format by which a single larger work, often a work of narrative fiction, is published in sequential installments.
 The installments are also known as "numbers", "parts" or "fascicles", and are either issued as separate publications or within sequential issues of the same periodical publication.
Srivariki Premalekha is a 1984 Telugu comedy film directed by Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry and produced by Cherukuri Ramoji Rao.
 It is also commercial hit during that period with many actors established in the Cinema field subsequently.
 The story is based on a Novel titled "Premalekha" published in "Chatura" magazine written by Potturi Vijayalakshmi.
Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe is a 2016 stand alone British Christmas movie based on the Hank Zipzer series of books by Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver and the TV series airing on CBBC.
 The film will be airing on CBBC on 12 December 2016.
 It is written by Joe Williams and is directed by Matt Bloom.
 The film is produced by Kindle Entertainment in association with Walker Productions and DHX Media with support from Screen Yorkshire’s Yorkshire Content Fund.
 It is the fourth movie based on a CBBC programme after "", "Shaun the Sheep Movie" and "".
 It is the second movie based on a CBBC show, which has not been released in cinemas and only shown on TV after ""
A literary element, or narrative element, or element of literature is a constituent of all works of narrative fiction—a necessary feature of verbal storytelling that can be found in any written or spoken narrative.
 This distinguishes them from literary techniques, or non-universal features of literature that accompany the construction of a particular work rather than forming the essential characteristics of all narrative.
 For example, plot, theme, character and tone are literary elements, whereas figurative language, irony, or foreshadowing would be considered literary techniques.
The Book of Strange New Things is a 2014 science fiction novel by Dutch-born author Michel Faber.
 The work was first published in the United States on October 28, 2014 and concerns an English pastor who is sent to the planet of Oasis to teach its reclusive native inhabitants about Christianity.
 Michel Faber has stated that "The Book of Strange New Things" may be his last written work.
The BSFA Awards are given every year by the British Science Fiction Association.
 The Best Non-Fiction award is open to any written work about science fiction or fantasy which appeared in its current form in the previous year.
 Whole collections of work that has been published elsewhere previously are ineligible as is work published by the BSFA.
