Júlia Goldman (born 25 September 25 1974, Orosháza) is a Hungarian mathematician, teacher, programmer and author.
 She writes under the pseudonym J. Goldenlane.
 Goldenlane belongs among the most popular fantasy authors in Hungary due to her trademark humour that permeates her stories.
 She had a strong influence on the Hungarian sci-fi and fantasy generation which started off in the 2010s.
 Her popularity persists, even despite a ten years long hiatus in her writing career.
Kristi Brooks is the author of "Vision²", a science fiction novel, various short stories, and columns for local publications.
 She is noted for her blending of genres, often merging elements of sci-fi, fantasy, and horror in her stories.
 The way "Vision²" presents human/alien interaction has been compared to the Ender series by Orson Scott Card.
 "Kristi Brooks' first book presents a vibrant style of writing that keeps the reader turning pages."
 — Robert O'Hern, "Book Briefs," "The Daily Oklahoman," 6 July 2005.
Arzach (] ) is a comic book collection of four wordless short stories by artist/author Jean 'Moebius' Giraud, which were originally published in the French sci-fi/fantasy comics magazine "Métal Hurlant".
 The stories follow Arzach, a silent warrior who rides a pterodactyl-like creature through a strange, desolate landscape.
 The imagery and situations in "Arzach" are often compared to dreams or the subconscious.
 These stories had an enormous impact on the French comics industry, and the Arzach character is still among Moebius' most famous creations.
 It can be defined as a pantomime comic, fantasy comics or an experimental comic.
Beta Love is the third studio album of the Syracuse-based indie rock band Ra Ra Riot.
 It is the first album since the departure of founding member/cellist, Alexandra Lawn, who left the band in 2012.
 Band members have stated that the album is directly influenced by sci-fi author William Gibson and inventor-futurist Ray Kurzweil.
Geoff Nelder is a British freelance editor and author.
 He has written both fiction and non-fiction, and his research in the field of air pollution and climate won him a fellowship with the Royal Meteorological Society.
 Nelder's fictional work falls in the genres of science fiction, fantasy and thrillers, and he is known for his sci-fi series "ARIA", which won him a "Preditors & Editors Award for best science fiction novel".
 Nelder also published the sci-fi magazine "Escape Velocity", which launched in 2009.
 Prior to moving to writing as his primary occupation, Nelder has worked as a teacher at Queens Park High School for 26 years.
Traces is a collection of short stories written by British sci-fi author Stephen Baxter.
 Unlike similar collections such as "Vacuum Diagrams" and "Phase Space", it is not related to any particular series by Baxter (as, for example, "Vacuum Diagrams" is related to his Xeelee Sequence).
Wolfgang Jeschke (19 November 1936 – 10 June 2015) was a German sci-fi author and editor at Heyne Verlag.
 In 1987, he won the Harrison Award for international achievements in science fiction.
Tales of the Quintana Roo is a collection of fantasy stories by author James Tiptree, Jr..
 It was released in 1986 and was the author's first book published by Arkham House.
 It was published in an edition of 3,673 copies.
 The stories originally appeared in "Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine" and "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction" and are set in the easternmost shore of the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico.
 In addition to winning the world fantasy award for best collection in 1987, each of the stories was nominated or won genre awards, and "What Came Ashore at Lirios" was included in the "Oxford Book of Fantasy Stories".
The Early Fears is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Robert Bloch.
 It was released in 1994 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 2,400 copies, of which 100 were signed by the author.
 The collection reprints the stories from Bloch's two earlier collections published by Arkham House, "The Opener of the Way" and "" with three additional stories.
 The stories originally appeared in the magazines "Unknown", "Weird Tales", "Amazing Stories", "Strange Stories", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Beyond Fantasy Fiction", "Fantastic", "Imagination" and "Swank".
 The collection includes Bloch's 1959 Hugo Award winning story, "That Hell-Bound Train."
Zhao Ruirui (; born 8 October 1981 in Nanjing, Jiangsu, China) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed on the 2003 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup winning side and made an initial appearance with the 2004 gold medal winning side before refracturing her right leg.
 Following her retirement in 2009 from sports competition, she has become a successful sci-fi author and published several critically acclaimed novels.
 Her sci-fi novel (The Wing Man) won the Silver Award of the 4th Global Chinese Nebula Award in 2013.
