Pilgrim Reformed Church Cemetery is a historic church cemetery located near Lexington, Davidson County, North Carolina.
 It is associated with the Pilgrim Reformed Church, founded about 1757 By a man of the name Valentine Leonhardt.
 It contains approximately 350 burials, with the earliest gravestone dated to 1781.
 It features a unique collection of folk gravestones by local stone cutters erected in Davidson County in the late-18th and first half of the 19th centuries.
 The church was the first Pilgrim church in North Carolina.
Maj. Henry A. Meetze House is a historic home located near Lexington, Lexington County, South Carolina.
 It was built about 1855, and consists of a two-story, rectangular main block, with one-story side wings and a rear ell.
 The vernacular Italianate dwelling features a hipped roof with bracketed eaves, one and two-story porticoes with cast iron decoration, and bay windows.
 Also on the property is the original wellhouse and several sheds.
 Henry Meetze (1820-1904) was a prominent attorney, businessman and civic leader in the Lexington area.
Boone's Cave Park is a 110-acre county park located near Lexington, North Carolina It was established in 1909 by the Daniel Boone Memorial Association.
 It is named after American pioneer Daniel Boone.
Henry Shoaf Farm was a historic farm complex located near Lexington, Davidson County, North Carolina.
 The complex included a two-story log house with an Italianate style addition built about 1860, double pen log barn dated to 1811, smokehouse, corn crib, granary, and potato house.
 It has been demolished.
Home National Bank is a historic bank building located near Lexington, Lexington County, South Carolina.
 It was built in 1912, and is a two-story brick building.
 It's corner entrance features a pediment supported by engaged Doric order columns.
 It is one of five commercial buildings that survived the 1916 fire.
 The building housed the town’s post office from 1912 until the 1960s.
Kentucky Horse Park is a working horse farm and an educational theme park opened in 1978 in Lexington, Kentucky.
 It is located off Kentucky State Highway 1973 (Iron Works Pike) and Interstate 75, at Exit 120, in northern Fayette County in the United States.
 The equestrian facility is a 1224 acre park dedicated to "man's relationship with the horse."
 Open to the public, the park has a twice daily Horses of the World Show, showcasing both common and rare horses from around the globe.
 The horses are ridden in authentic costume.
 Each year the park is host to a number of special events and horse shows.
North Davidson Senior High School (commonly referred to as "North Davidson," "NDHS," or simply "North") is a public high school in Welcome, North Carolina (near Lexington).
 It was established in 1952 and is located along Old US Highway 52 in northern Davidson County.
 The high school serves the Welcome, Arcadia and Midway areas.
Hedrick's Grove Reformed Church, also known as Hedrick's Grove United Church of Christ, is a historic Reformed church located near Lexington, Davidson County, North Carolina.
 It was built in 1921-1922, and is a large Romanesque Revival style brick structure.
 It features a pair of corner towers of uneven height joined by a central arcaded loggia.
 Also on the property is a contributing church cemetery with approximately 375 graves.
Ballentine-Shealy House, also known as the Ballentine-Shealy-Slocum House, is a historic home located near Lexington, Lexington County, South Carolina.
 It was built in the late-18th or early-19th century, and is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular log building.
 It is sheathed in weatherboard and has a standing seam metal gable roof.
 It has shed rooms on the rear and a one-story shed-roofed front porch with an enclosed room.
 The house has a hall-and-parlor plan and an enclosed stair.
 An open breezeway connects the house to the kitchen (ca. 1870), which has a fieldstone and brick chimney and a side porch.
 Also on the property a dilapidated dairy, a small log barn, and a well house.
Maryland Route 237 (MD 237) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland.
 Known as Chancellors Run Road, the route runs 2.95 mi from MD 246 near Lexington Park north to MD 235 in California.
 MD 237, which was designated in the mid-1980s, bypasses the center of Lexington Park through the suburban area surrounding Naval Air Station Patuxent River (NAS Patuxent River).
 The state highway was expanded to a four-lane divided highway between 2008 and 2010 in response to increased activity at the military base.
