RaVaughn Nichelle Brown is a singer-songwriter and actress from Carson, California initially signed to Ne-Yo's imprint Compound University which includes artists such as Adrienne Bailon, who later moved to Columbia Records in 2011.
 She is the older sister of actress Rhyon Nicole Brown.
 Influenced by artists like Mary J. Blige, Aretha Franklin, Anita Baker, Beyoncé, and Nas, RaVaughn brings a unique twist to R&B mixing in pop and rock elements of her own.
 She has recorded demos and background vocals for multiple artists including Celine Dion, Natasha Bedingfield, Jennifer Hudson and R&B singer Brandy for whom she wrote the first single from her 2008 album "Human", "Right Here (Departed)".
 ReVaughn released her debut EP titled "Love Always… The Introduction" in 2012.
 ReVaughn also has two singles released from her upcoming debut album "Love Always" – "Better Be Good" featuring D.C.-based rapper Wale, and "Best Friend".
Adrienne Eliza Houghton (née Bailon; born October 24, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter, recording artist, actress, dancer and television personality.
 Adrienne Bailon first became publicly known when she rose to fame as one of the founding members and singer of both 3LW (1999–2007) and Disney's The Cheetah Girls (2003–2008).
"Ven Conmigo" (English: "Come With Me") is the first official single by Puerto Rican reggaeton singer Daddy Yankee featuring bachata singer Prince Royce from Daddy Yankee's sixth studio album, "Prestige " (2012).
 The single was released to radios on April 12, 2011 and digitally on April 19, 2011.
 The song was produced by Musicologo and Menes.
 An English version that featured Daddy Yankee, Prince Royce, R&B/Latino singer Elijah King & former 3LW & Cheetah Girl singer Adrienne Bailon has been released.
 received and award for "Urban Song of the Year" at the 2012 ASCAP Awards, which are awarded annually by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers in the United States.
Cheetah-licious Christmas is a Christmas album by The Cheetah Girls.
 It is also the first album the girls released as an official musical group, however group member Adrienne Bailon later stated that the album does not serve as their official debut album.
 It was released by Walt Disney Records on October 11, 2005.
 The album features eight classic Christmas songs as well as five original songs.
 The album peaked at #74 on the Billboard charts.
 Single includes "Cheetah-licious Christmas", as well as the Radio Disney single "Five More Days 'til Christmas".
Nate Butler is an American songwriter, music producer, vocal producer, and recording artist based in Atlanta, Georgia.
 He has been a part of 45 plus million records sold worldwide at last count.
 Butler has worked with multi-platinum artists such as Luther Vandross, Victoria Beckham aka Posh Spice, Houston, Craig David, Backstreet Boys, 3LW, Christina Milian, Stacie Orrico, JoJo, Aaron Carter, The Cheetah Girls and others.
 Butler launched the career of the platinum R&B group 3LW by writing their hit singles: No More (Baby I'ma Do Right) and Playas Gon' Play.
 Two of the members of 3LW, Kiely Williams and Adrienne Bailon, went on to become members of the worldwide Disney sensation The Cheetah Girls.
 Butler also penned the notable chart topping R&B smash single "Afterparty" by Koffee Brown, also referred to as a R&B classic.
Robin Wilson (born September 26, 1969) is an American entrepreneur, author, interior designer and thought leader on Clean Design as a wellness and sustainability advocate.
 She is the founder of her eponymous lifestyle brand, Robin Wilson Home, based in New York City.
 As the creative director of the licensing division, she has partnered with retailers and generated over $85 million in branded wholesale revenue from textiles, furniture and cabinetry since 2010.
The Cheetah Girls were an American girl group consisting of Adrienne Bailon, Kiely Williams, Sabrina Bryan, and Raven-Symoné.
 The group was created by Disney, and were made famous by the eponymous Disney Channel original film and its sequels, "The Cheetah Girls 2" and "".
 The group has released three studio albums, "Cheetah-licious Christmas", "", and "TCG" and several RIAA certified Platinum albums including, "The Cheetah Girls", "The Cheetah Girls 2", and "".
 All of their albums and soundtracks have debuted in the "Billboard" 200.
 The soundtrack to their first movie sold over 2 million copies.
Empire Girls: Julissa and Adrienne is an American reality television series that premiered on the Style Network on June 3, 2012.
 The series follows the lives of rising Latina stars and best friends Julissa Bermudez and Adrienne Bailon as they try to get their big breaks in the entertainment industry.
Loni Love (born July 12, 1970) is an American comedian and actress.
 While working as an electrical engineer in 2003, Love began to pursue a career in music engineering.
 She was the runner-up on "Star Search" 2003 and was named among the "Top 10 Comics to Watch" in both "Variety" and Comedy Central in 2009.
 She is currently one of the hosts of "The Real" talk show along with Jeannie Mai, Tamera Mowry and Adrienne Bailon, which premiered on July 15, 2013.
I'm in Love with a Church Girl is a 2013 Christian drama film, directed by Steve Race.
 It stars Jeff 'Ja Rule' Atkins, Adrienne Bailon, Stephen Baldwin, Vincent Pastore, Toby Mac, T-Bone and Michael Madsen.
 The film was released in theaters on October 18, 2013.
 Reviews from mainstream media were negative while the response from Christian media was more positive.
