Jasper County Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district based in Jasper County's county seat of Newton, Illinois; it is the only school district in the county and is, consequently, the main educational body in all of Jasper County, although it serves portions of Effingham County and Cumberland County as well.
 This school district is composed of six schools in total; four elementary schools, one junior high school, and one high school.
 There is also a prekindergarten program run at the high school of the district should parents wish to enroll their children early.
 Willow Hill Elementary School, which is located in the village of its namesake, serves only kindergarteners; its proximity to the county seat and central position in the county allows its students to dawn from all parts of the county and still have easy access to the elementary school they will attend.
 The principal of Willow Hill is Dave Parker.
 Grove Elementary School is located in Island Grove, Illinois, the highest point of elevation in the county.
 Grove Elementary School educates students from kindergarten to grade six, and it runs a prekindergarten program as well.
 Craig Carr is the principal of this school.
 Ste. Marie Elementary School is located in the southern Jasper County village of Ste. Marie, and serves students in grades one through six.
 The principal of Ste. Marie is David Parker, the principal of Willow Hill Elementary School.
 Newton Elementary School is located in the county seat of Newton, and serves most of west Jasper County's first through sixth graders under principal Travis Wyatt.
 The latter three elementary schools feed into Jasper County Junior High School and are taught in the facility during seventh and eighth grade while being supervised by Newton Elementary School principal Travis Wyatt before graduating into Newton Community High School.
 Students in grades nine through twelve spend their last leg of precollegiate education at this school; their principal is Ruth Kerner.
 The district superintendent is Ron Alburtus, and the district's mascot is the eagle.
Helena–West Helena is the county seat of and the largest city within Phillips County, Arkansas, United States.
 The current city was consolidated, effective January 1, 2006, from the two Arkansas cities of Helena and West Helena.
 Helena is sited on lowlands between the Mississippi River and the eastern side of Crowley's Ridge.
 West Helena is located on the western side of Crowley's Ridge, a geographic anomaly in the typically flat Arkansas Delta.
 The Helena Bridge, one of Arkansas' four Mississippi River bridges, carries U.S. Route 49 across to Mississippi.
 The combined population of the two cities was 15,012 at the 2000 census and at the 2010 census, the official population was 12,282.
Helena is the eastern portion of Helena-West Helena, Arkansas, a city in Phillips County, Arkansas.
 As of the 2000 census, this portion of the city population was 6,323.
 Helena was the county seat of Phillips County until January 1, 2006, when it merged its government and city limits with neighboring West Helena.
The Johnston Library is a historic library located at 210 W. 10th St. in Baxter Springs, Kansas.
 The building was constructed in 1872 to serve as a courthouse during Baxter Springs' unsuccessful attempt to become the Cherokee County seat.
 Though Baxter Springs had lost an election to choose the county seat in 1869 to Columbus, supporters of both cities had attempted to fraudulently swing the election in their favor, and Baxter Springs hoped it could still become county seat in the future.
 The building initially served as the county jail and sheriff's office until Columbus completed its jail in 1880.
 After this, Baxter Springs ultimately gave up its attempts to become the county seat, and the building became its city hall.
 In 1905, resident Niles P. Johnston bequeathed $5,000 to the city to start a library, and the city hall building was chosen to house it.
The city of McRae–Helena, in the U.S. state of Georgia, was formed on January 1, 2015, when the two cities of McRae and Helena were merged.
 McRae–Helena is the county seat of Telfair County.
The Gardnerville Branch Jail is a historic jail located at 1440 Courthouse St. in Gardnerville, Nevada.
 The jail was built in 1910 and served as Douglas County's only jail from 1910 to 1915.
 Prior to 1910, the only county jail was in Genoa, the county seat; however, since Gardnerville was several miles from Genoa, it resorted to housing prisoners in the local judge's granary.
 As the granary was considered unfit for holding prisoners, the community petitioned the county to construct a new jail.
 However, local leaders in Minden, who wanted to move the county seat to their town, protested the move, as they suspected that Gardnerville was attempting to claim the county seat itself.
 Nonetheless, the county approved the construction of the new jail.
 The jail housed its first prisoners before construction even finished, as the Genoa jail burned down; one prisoner was briefly chained to a post until the new jail could accommodate him.
 Once completed, the jail served the county until 1915, when Minden became the county seat and opened its own county jail.
Mount Jefferson is the highest mountain in both the Toquima Range and Nye County in Nevada, United States.
 It is the sixth highest mountain in the state.
 As the high point of a range which is well separated from other ranges by low basins, Mount Jefferson has a high topographic prominence of 5861 ft .
 This makes it the most prominent peak in Nye County and the third most prominent peak in Nevada (after Charleston Peak and Wheeler Peak).
 For similar reasons, it is also the highest mountain for over 90 miles in all directions.
 It is located about 50 mi northeast of the county seat of Tonopah within the Alta Toquima Wilderness of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest, near the smaller towns of Carvers and Round Mountain.
 Three distinct summits are located on a broad area of subalpine tundra: North Summit rises to 11,820 ft , Middle Summit to 11,692 ft , and South Summit to 11949 ft .
 During the Pleistocene, alpine glaciers eroded several cirques east of the summit plateau.
The Old Allamakee County Courthouse, located on 2nd Street in Lansing, is a short-lived former county courthouse of Allamakee County, Iowa.
 The courthouse was completed in 1861 amid a fight between Lansing and Waukon over which community deserved to be the county seat.
 Lansing had lost a vote on the county seat to Waukon in 1859, but they won another vote in 1861 after teaming up with the community of Columbus.
 Waukon built its own courthouse in the meantime, but it failed to win back the county seat in yet another vote in 1864.
 The county sheriff, a Waukon resident, attempted to seize the county's records from the Lansing courthouse in 1866; however, a posse from Lansing stopped him before he could return to Waukon.
 The Iowa Supreme Court decided the county seat battle in favor of Waukon the following year; it has remained there since.
The Former Audubon County Courthouse, also known as the Audubon County Historical Society Museum, is a historic building located in Exira, Iowa, United States.
 Court proceedings were first held in a schoolhouse in Hamlin’s Grove after Audubon County was established in 1851.
 The county seat was relocated to Exira ten years later, and a disagreement erupted over where the county seat should be located.
 The county board of supervisors made an appropriation for a new courthouse in 1871, but its construction was delayed due to the disagreement.
 Exira eventually won and officials constructed the courthouse for about $2,200.
 The Exira Hall Company was established to build the two-story, frame structure.
 County offices were located on the first floor and the courtroom was located on the second floor.
 The county seat was moved to Audubon in 1879.
Summit County is an urban county in the U.S. state of Ohio.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 541,781 making it the fourth-most populous county in Ohio.
 Its county seat is Akron.
 The county was formed on March 3, 1840, from portions of Medina, Portage and Stark Counties.
 It was named "Summit County" because the highest elevation on the Ohio and Erie Canal is located in the county.
