The priority draft pick is a type of draft selection in the Australian Football League's AFL Draft.
 Priority draft picks are additional draft picks, located at or near the start of the draft, which are given only to the poorest performing teams, to provide additional help for those teams to improve on-field performances in future years.
 Prior to 2012, a team automatically received a priority draft pick if its win-loss record met pre-defined eligibility criteria; since 2012, priority draft picks will be awarded on a discretionary basis by the AFL commission.
Matthew Wright (born 14 December 1989) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 He previously played for the Adelaide Football Club from 2010 to 2015.
 He was selected with pick #33 in the 2009 Rookie Draft from North Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
Matthew Broadbent (born 1 August 1990) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 He was selected with pick 38 in the 2008 AFL Draft from the Woodville-West Torrens Football Club in the SANFL.
The AFL Draft Combine, formerly known as the AFL Draft Camp, is a gathering of prospective talent, where selected potential draftees display their athletic prowess and relevant Australian rules football skills.
 Over four days participants are required to undergo a series of medical, psychomotor, athletic and fitness tests as well as interviews conducted by the 18 clubs in the Australian Football League.
 The first AFL Draft Camp was held in 1994 at Wavereley Park, it then moved to Canberra in 1999 where it was hosted by the Australian Institute of Sport, and in 2011 it was moved to Docklands Stadium.
 Each year the Draft Combine is held in the following week following the AFL Grand Final.
Emma Quayle was a journalist at "The Age" newspaper in Melbourne, Australia.
 Joining as a cadet in 1999, she covered sport from 2001-2017, specialising in Australian Football League football and in particular the under-18 system and national draft.
 Quayle won several AFL Media Association Awards for her news and feature writing, and in 2017 won a Quill for best feature writing for her article on Essendon footballer Anthony McDonald-Tipungwuti.
 She was the first person to win three Grant Hattam awards, awarded by the AFL Players Association for the best football journalism.
 Emma's first book – "The Draft: inside the AFL's search for talent", which followed the junior careers of Trent Cotchin, Ben McEvoy, Brad Ebert, Cyril Rioli and Patrick Veszpremi in the lead-up to the 2007 AFL Draft - was published by Allen & Unwin in September 2008.
 A follow-up - The Draftees, featuring Isaac Heeney, Jake Lever, Peter Wright, Tom Lamb and Clem Smith - was published by Penguin in 2015 and Quayle is also the author of Nine Lives, the story of former Essendon wingman Adam Ramanauskas' battle with cancer.
 In 2017 Emma became the first female recruiter in the AFL when she joined the Greater Western Sydney Giants.
James Mulligan (born 14 June 1989) is a professional Australian rules football player who was listed for the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL) until his retirement at the end of the 2012 season.
 He was drafted to the Western Bulldogs as their first pick and 4th pick overall in the 2008 Rookie Draft.
 Mulligan was elevated to the Bulldog's senior list with the 92nd selection in the 2009 AFL Draft .
 He formerly played for the AFL Queensland team the Southport Sharks.
Jack Trengove (born 2 September 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 A midfielder, 1.85 m tall and weighing 88 kg , Trengove is capable of contributing as both an inside and outside midfielder.
 After growing up in Naracoorte, South Australia, he moved to Adelaide to attend Prince Alfred College and played in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) with the Sturt Football Club, where he played in the 2009 SANFL Grand Final.
 He represented South Australia in the 2009 AFL Under 18 Championships, where he captained the side, received All-Australian honours and won the state most valuable player.
 His achievements as a junior saw him considered as the potential number one draft pick in the 2009 AFL draft alongside Tom Scully, he was ultimately recruited by the Melbourne Football Club with the second selection in the draft.
Christian Salem (born 15 July 1995) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 A defender, 1.83 m tall and weighing 83 kg , Salem plays primarily as a half-back flanker, with the ability to push into the midfield and forward line.
 He was recognised as a talented footballer at a young age when he represented Victoria at under 12 level.
 He played top-level football early when he played in both the TAC Cup and AFL Under 18 Championships as a bottom-aged player.
 His achievements as a junior saw him selected with the ninth pick in the 2013 AFL draft by the Melbourne Football Club and he made his AFL debut during the 2014 season.
The AFL pre-season draft is the drafting of uncontracted players to teams in the Australian Football League.
 The draft is conducted after the national AFL draft and before the start of the next AFL season.
 It is conducted at the same time as the AFL rookie draft.
 The pre-season draft is a place for any uncontracted players to nominate that missed the AFL draft or who were delisted after the main draft.
 It was first held in 1989 and has been diminishing greatly in its importance; the last five years have only averaged 8 selections per year, compared to over 50 in each of the first five years.
 It was considered that the pre-season draft only existed to protect the league from writs for restraint-of-trade, but due to the introduction of free agency in 2012, there have been calls to scrap the pre-season draft and extend the free agency period.
Robert McMahon (born 28 July 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Australian Football League (AFL) in 1996.
 He was recruited from the Gippsland Power in the TAC Cup with the 6th selection in the 1994 AFL Draft.
 When Fitzroy merged with the Brisbane Bears at the end of the 1996 AFL season, McMahon was not one of the eight players selected by Brisbane to join the new Brisbane Lions and he instead entered the 1996 AFL Draft, where he was selected by Hawthorn with the 51st selection.
 Despite playing well for the Hawthorn reserves side, he was never selected to play another AFL game.
