"The Way You Move" is a song recorded by Big Boi of the American hip hop duo OutKast, released by LaFace Records.
 The song features OutKast mentor Sleepy Brown on guest vocals.
 Along with "Hey Ya!
", recorded by OutKast's other member André 3000, "The Way You Move" is one of the two lead singles from "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below", OutKast's double album project which includes a solo album from each member.
"Hey Ya!"
 is a song written and produced by André 3000 for his 2003 album "The Love Below", part of the hip hop duo OutKast's double album "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below".
 "Hey Ya!"
 takes influence from funk, rap and rock music.
 Its music video features a live performance by a band, all eight of whose members are played by André 3000, that mimics the Beatles' 1964 performance on "The Ed Sullivan Show".
 The song received praise from contemporary music critics, and won the award for Best Urban/Alternative Performance at the 46th Grammy Awards.
 His version of the song has also appeared on the soundtrack of
Lecrae is an American Christian hip hop artist.
 His career began in 2004 when he and Ben Washer co-founded the record label Reach Records.
 In 2007 his first album, "Real Talk" (2005)"," received a nomination at the Stellar Awards and his second album, "After the Music Stops" (2007), was nominated at the GMA Dove Awards.
 The following year Lecrae's third album, "Rebel", became the first Christian hip hop album to chart at number one on the U.S. "Billboard" Gospel Albums Chart.
 In 2011 his fourth album, "Rehab" (2010), received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Gospel Album.
 That year Lecrae began achieving mainstream success and recognition after he collaborated with DJ Statik Selektah on the song "Live & Let Live" and performed at the 2011 BET Hip Hop Awards Cypher.
 The following year he garnered two GMA Dove awards: Rap/Hip Hop Album of the Year for "" (2011) and Rap/Hip Hop Recorded Song of the Year for "Hallelujah" (2011).
 He also released the mixtape "Church Clothes" and the studio album "Gravity", the latter of which of has been called the most important album in Christian hip hop history by Rapzilla and "Atlanta Daily World".
The discography of American rapper Big Boi consists of three studio albums, one mixtape, twenty-two singles, five promotional singles and twenty-five music videos. Big Boi initially achieved success as a member of the hip hop duo Outkast with fellow rapper André 3000; they have recorded and released six studio albums together, and their singles "Ms. Jackson", "Hey Ya!
" and "The Way You Move" have all topped the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 In 1995, Big Boi made a guest appearance on the single "Dirty South" by American hip hop group Goodie Mob, which peaked at number 92 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 During the late 1990s and early 2000s, he made several other appearances on commercially successful singles, including "All n My Grill" by rapper Missy Elliott, "A.D.I.D.A.S." by rapper Killer Mike and "Girlfight" by singer Brooke Valentine; these songs charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
The Fall 2012 Tour (unofficial name) is a concert tour by the American progressive rock band Kansas.
 Each concert featured King's X as the opening act.
 The tour featured several songs not played live by the band in several years, including "Paradox," "Can I Tell You," and "Journey from Mariabronn," as well as a short medley of songs from "The Ed Sullivan Show" (classified as "Ed Sullivan Medley").
 A backdrop of the album cover of the band's first album (which is a cropped photo of the "Tragic Prelude" painting) was also featured on the tour.
CBS Innertube was a broadband video channel launched by CBS in May 2006.
 The channel offered original web-only shows, as well as rebroadcasts of CBS's regular shows.
 The service was only available in the United States.
 It was rebranded as CBS.com a year later.
 In 2008, under the CBS.com name, CBS began adding classic television series such as "Hawaii Five-O", "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "The Twilight Zone" to its selection (also including shows such as "Melrose Place", "MacGyver" and "", which never aired on CBS but are owned by CBS Television Distribution).
The Ed Sullivan Show is an American old-time radio program.
 More precisely, it is a name that can be applied to any of four programs that were broadcast in 1932, 1941, 1943-1944, and 1946.
 The first three were on CBS, and the last was on the Blue Network.
 As the title implies, the host of the program was Ed Sullivan, who was then known for his work as a columnist for the "New York Daily News".
Allen & Rossi was a comedy team composed of Marty Allen and Steve Rossi, active from 1957 until 1968.
 They appeared on over 700 television shows including 44 appearances on The Ed Sullivan Show, including three of the four Ed Sullivan episodes on which The Beatles appeared.
 They recorded 16 comedy albums, the title of one using their signature comedy catch phrase of "Hello Dere!"
 The team also appeared in a spy spoof film "The Last of the Secret Agents" (1966) and their own TV special.
 Allen said, of their catch phrase, "We were into the act and I just went blank... and I looked at Steve and said, 'Hello dere . . . hello dere.'
 Then suddenly everyone in the club was saying it - hello dere."
The Ed Sullivan Show is an American TV variety show that ran on CBS from Sunday June 20, 1948, to Sunday June 6, 1971, and was hosted by New York entertainment columnist Ed Sullivan.
 It was replaced in September 1971 by the "CBS Sunday Night Movie".
The discography of André 3000, an American hip hop recording artist and record producer from Atlanta, Georgia, consists of eight singles as a featured artist.
 André 3000 embarked on his musical career in 1991, as a member of the Southern hip hop group OutKast, alongside fellow Atlanta-based rapper Big Boi.
 Together they have recorded and released six studio albums, and their singles "Ms. Jackson", "Hey Ya!
" and "The Way You Move", have all topped the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
