Goparaju Ramachandra Rao (nickname: Gora) (15 November 1902 – 26 July 1975) was an Indian social reformer, atheist activist and a participant in the Indian independence movement.
 He authored many books on atheism and proposed atheism as self-confidence.
 He propagated positive atheism by his articles, speeches, books and his social work.
 He is the founder of Atheist Centre along with his wife Saraswathi Gora and a few volunteers.
Daniel Edwin Barker (born June 25, 1949) is an American atheist activist who served as a Christian preacher and musician for 19 years but left Christianity in 1984.
 He and his wife Annie Laurie Gaylor are the current co-presidents of the Freedom From Religion Foundation.
 He has written numerous articles for "Freethought Today", an American freethought newspaper.
 He is the author of several books including "Losing Faith in Faith: From Preacher to Atheist".
The mathematical constant "e" can be represented in a variety of ways as a real number.
 Since "e" is an irrational number (see proof that e is irrational), it cannot be represented as the quotient of two integers, but it can be represented as a continued fraction.
 Using calculus, "e" may also be represented as an infinite series, infinite product, or other sort of limit of a sequence.
Edward Tabash is an American lawyer and political and social activist.
 He is an atheist and a proponent of the Establishment Clause.
 He chairs the Board of Directors for the Center for Inquiry.
 Tabash has represented the atheist position in debates against several world-renowned religious philosophers and apologists, including William Lane Craig, Peter van Inwagen, J.P. Moreland, Greg Bahnsen and Richard Swinburne.
The Irrational Atheist: Dissecting the Unholy Trinity of Dawkins, Harris, and Hitchens is a 2008 non-fiction book by Vox Day.
Hemant Mehta (born 1983) is an author, blogger, and atheist activist who gained fame for "selling his soul" on eBay.
 Mehta is a regular speaker at atheist events and has sat on the boards of charitable organizations such as the Secular Student Alliance and the Foundation Beyond Belief.
 He also runs a blog on Patheos, Friendly Atheist, in which he and his associates publish articles several times a day.
Atheist Ireland is an association of atheists based in Ireland.
 The group was initially founded by members of Atheist.ie, an online community which had been set up by Seamus Murnane in June 2006.
 Its current chairperson is writer and activist Michael Nugent.
 Atheist Ireland is a member of the Atheist Alliance International.
 The group claims to have about 500 members
The Rational Response Squad, or RRS, is an atheist activist group that confronts what it considers to be irrational claims, made by theists, particularly Christians.
 The most visible member of RRS is co-founder Brian Sapient.
 The Rational Response Squad, along with the filmmaker Brian Flemming, made headlines in December 2006 with their Blasphemy Challenge.
Seth Andrews (born April 12, 1968) is an author and speaker on the subject of atheism.
 He is the creator and host of "The Thinking Atheist" online community, podcast, and YouTube channel, and the author of the self-published books "Deconverted" and "Sacred Cows".
 Prior to his atheist activism, he was a fundamentalist Christian and had a ten-year career as a Christian radio host.
Heather Henderson (born March 7, 1973), also known as Baby Heather, is a professional burlesque dancer, singer, model, filmmaker, producer and host for Ardent Atheist and Skeptically Yours podcasts.
 In 2012 Ardent Atheist won The People's Choice Podcast Awards in the religion inspiration category.
 In 1989-1991 Henderson was a regular on the nationally televised Dance Party USA show where she appeared as Baby Heather.
 In her teens, Henderson released a single called "Give it up Baby Heather" which received a positive review from "Billboard" magazine.
 She currently is a member of Penn Jillette's "No God Band" and is a vocal activist for atheism and against psychics.
