Out of Jimmy's Head (abbreviated as OOJH), is an American live-action/animated television series.
 It was advertised as the first Cartoon Network series in this genre, even though "Big Bag" was what took credit, while also including some animated segments.
 Based on the first live-action/animated original channel movie "Re-Animated", that was aired on December 8, 2006, it is produced by Cartoon Network Studios and Brookwell McNamara Entertainment (the latter known for shows such as "Even Stevens" and "That's So Raven").
 It was created by Tim McKeon and Adam Pava, who were originally the writers for "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends" and "The Life and Times of Juniper Lee", but also the creators of "Weighty Decisions" short on Cartoon Network's "Sunday Pants" anthology series.
Cartoon Network Backlot Party is a cancelled crossover party video game for Nintendo 3DS and Wii, based on various Cartoon Network series.
 It was also the sequel to "Cartoon Network Block Party" for the Game Boy Advance.
 Shows such as "The Amazing World of Gumball", "Courage the Cowardly Dog", "Ed, Edd n Eddy", "Regular Show", "Adventure Time", "The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy", "The Powerpuff Girls", "Cow and Chicken", and "Dexter’s Laboratory" were represented in the game.
 The game release was reportedly scheduled for 2015, being the final announced release for the Wii, although it was cancelled for unknown reasons.
Cartoon Network CEE (also known as Cartoon Network Czech Republic, Cartoon Network Hungary and Cartoon Network Romania) is a children's channel broadcasting to people in Czech Republic, in Hungary, in Moldova, in Romania and in Slovakia.
 The channel was launched along with the Romanian and Polish feed.
 The channel is owned by Turner Broadcasting System Europe.
 The channel also carried a Toonami programming block.
 On April 1, 2015, Cartoon Network started broadcasting 24 hours a day in Hungary.
 Hungary was the last country to get Cartoon Network timeshared with TCM.
 On August 8, 2016, Cartoon Network Central Eastern Europe started to air Check It 4.0 bumpers and idents (alongside existing Check It 1.0 and Check It 3.0 branding).
 On September 20, 2017, a Czech sub-feed was launched.
Almost Christmas is a 2016 American Christmas comedy-drama film written and directed by David E. Talbert and starring Kimberly Elise, Mo'Nique, Nicole Ari Parker, Gabrielle Union, Keri Hilson, Jessie Usher, Danny Glover, Omar Epps, John Michael Higgins, D.C. Young Fly and Romany Malco.
 The film follows a dysfunctional family that comes together for the holidays for the first time since their mother's death.
Cartoon Network refers to two digital children's TV channels broadcasting animated programs: Cartoon Network MENA, which serves the Middle East and North Africa region (excluding Israel, Iran and Turkey) along with Cyprus; and Cartoon Network Africa (formerly known as Cartoon Network HQ), which serves Sub-Saharan Africa.
 Cartoon Network was created by Turner Broadcasting System, a unit of Time Warner.
 Cartoon Network UK/Europe (the direct precursor to Cartoon Network feeds in the EMEA region, including Cartoon Network HQ) was launched on September 17, 1993.
 In October 1999, Cartoon Network UK became a separate feed from Cartoon Network HQ, but initially had a nearly identical schedule to Cartoon Network HQ until the latter became completely independent from the UK feed in 2001.
Level Up is a 2011 made-for-television film from D and D Productions and Cartoon Network Studios, who which is created by Derek Guiley and David Schneiderman with the direction of Peter Lauer, and aired on November 23, 2011 for the United States.
 This film spoofed video games.
 Jagex and Rooster Teeth were brought in as consultants.
 This film is rated TV-PG-V.
 This movie was made as a pilot for the 2012 Cartoon Network series, "Level Up".
 It premiered on Cartoon Network (UK & Ireland) on June 8, 2012.
6teen is a Canadian animated sitcom which premiered in Canada on November 7, 2004 on Teletoon.
 Despite being an original Cartoon Network series, in the US, "6teen" premiered on Nickelodeon on December 18, 2005 and was removed from the schedule on May 13, 2006, and was later relaunched on Cartoon Network in 2008.
 "6teen" has been aired on The N and Cartoon Network in the United States.
Right Now Kapow is an American animated sketch comedy television series produced by Warner Bros.
 Animation for Disney XD.
 It is the first collaboration between Warner Bros.
 Animation and Disney.
 The series premiered on September 19, 2016 and ended on May 31, 2017.
 The series was created by Justin Becker and Marly Halpern-Graser, who previously worked on the Cartoon Network series "Mad".
 Becker also worked on Adult Swim infomercials, and Halpern-Graser also worked on Cartoon Network's "DC Nation".
 The series follows Dog, Candy, Ice Cream, Diamond, Plant, and Moon going on new adventures everyday...and find themselves in mischief.
 Every episode of the series has 3 main parts in every 11-minute segment and other random shorts.
 The series has a style of humor similar to Cartoon Network's previous series, "Mad".
The Cartoon Network Digital App or Cartoon Network App is an digital app service designed by Cartoon Network that gives previews of upcoming episodes of Cartoon Network shows and even exclusive original series like, "Mighty Magiswords".
 Shows like, All of the original series are produced at Cartoon Network Studios.
 Shows like "The Amazing World of Gumball" and "Teen Titans Go!
" will release new episodes on the app before they air on TV.
 The option to stream Cartoon Network live is available with the sign-in of a cable or satellite provider.
Independence Day: Resurgence is a 2016 American science fiction film written and directed by Roland Emmerich with co-writers Dean Devlin, Nicolas Wright, James A. Woods, and James Vanderbilt.
 A sequel to the 1996 film "Independence Day", it stars an ensemble cast featuring Liam Hemsworth, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, Maika Monroe, Jessie Usher, Travis Tope, William Fichtner, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Judd Hirsch, Brent Spiner, and Sela Ward.
