Illmatic is the debut studio album by American rapper Nas.
 It was released on April 19, 1994, by Columbia Records.
 After signing with the label with the help of MC Serch, Nas recorded the album in 1992 and 1993 at Chung King Studios, D&D Recording, Battery Studios, and Unique Recording Studios in New York City.
 Its production was handled by DJ Premier, Large Professor, Pete Rock, Q-Tip, L.E.S. and Nas himself.
 Styled as a hardcore hip hop album, "Illmatic" features multi-syllabic internal rhymes and inner-city narratives based on Nas's experiences in Queensbridge, New York.
The discography of American rapper Mystikal consists of five studio albums, one independent album, two compilation albums, twenty-five singles and fifteen music videos.
 In 1994, Mystikal released a self-titled album on the independent record label Big Boy.
 Following his signing to Jive Records in 1995, the album was re-released under the title "Mind of Mystikal" as his debut studio album.
 "Mind of Mystikal" peaked at number 103 on the US "Billboard" 200 and at number 13 on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 The album featured the single "Y'all Ain't Ready Yet", which peaked at number 41 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
 Mystikal's following two studio albums, "Unpredictable" and "Ghetto Fabulous", were both released on the record label No Limit Records; Jive distributed the albums rather than No Limit's parent label, Priority Records.
 Both peaked in the top five of the "Billboard" 200 and were later certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Each of the albums featured one single, "Ain't No Limit" and "That's the Nigga", respectively.
 Both songs peaked in the top 65 of the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
"The Message" is the third and final single from rapper Nas' second album "It Was Written".
 It is produced by the Trackmasters, who sample Sting's "Shape of My Heart" for the song's beat.
 The song features scratching provided by Kid Capri and lyrics about the life of a thug.
 "The Message" was only released as a single in France and did not manage to reach any music charts.
 A black-and-white music video was made for the song.
 "The Message" also features vocal samples from Nas's 1994 classic "N.Y. State Of Mind" with Nas saying "I never sleep/cuz sleep is the cousin of death".
 And, "I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin'".
 And "Halftime" after his second verse saying "There ain't an army that can strike back".
The discography of Nas, an American rapper, consists of ten studio albums, three collaborative albums, three compilations, one extended play, and twenty-six singles.
 The son of jazz musician Olu Dara, Nas dropped out of school during ninth grade and began his music career in 1991 with a guest performance on the song "Live at the Barbeque" by Main Source.
 In 1992, Nas contributed the track "Halftime" to the soundtrack to the film "Zebrahead", and Nas was soon signed to Columbia Records and released his debut album "Illmatic" in 1994.
 Including Nas's solo debut track "Halftime", "Illmatic" was certified platinum in the US, spawned several singles including "It Ain't Hard to Tell" and "The World Is Yours", and earned much critical acclaim.
 With a more mainstream-oriented sound, Nas's second album "It Was Written" was released in 1996 and included the Lauryn Hill collaboration "If I Ruled the World (Imagine That)" and "Street Dreams", the latter of which reached number 22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number 1 on the Hot Rap Singles chart.
 "It Was Written" was certified quadruple platinum.
 In 1999, Nas released two albums: "I Am…" and "Nastradamus".
 While "I Am" reached double platinum status like its preceding album "It Was Written" and spawned two singles that reached the top ten spots of the Hot Rap Singles chart, "Hate Me Now" and "Nas Is Like", "Nastradamus" signaled a decrease in quality and critical reception and sold only half as many units.
 Still, "Nastradamus" featured two charting singles, "You Owe Me" and "Nastradamus".
"N.Y. State of Mind" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Nas, taken from his debut studio album "Illmatic" (1994).
 The song's production was handled by DJ Premier who sampled two jazz songs: "Mind Rain" by Joe Chambers and "Flight Time" by Donald Byrd.
 Premier additionally scratches vocals from Eric B. & Rakim's "Mahogany" for the song's chorus.
 Nas raps two verses on the song in which he talks about his rapping talent and describes the dangerous environment that is the city of New York.
 Nas has attributed the song "Streets of New York" by Kool G Rap as one of the song's primary influences (Kool G Rap would later sample this song, plus give Nas a guest spot on his album "4,5,6").
 A sequel to "N.Y. State of Mind" can be found on Nas' 1999 album "I Am...".
 An early version of the song can be found on Nas' demo tape under the name "I'm a Villain".
 It was rumored that a track entitled "N.Y. State of Mind, Pt.
 III" was scheduled to be released in Nas' upcoming album "The Lost Tapes 2", but it is unknown if this is true.
 The entire first verse was recorded in one take.
"One Love" is a song by American rapper Nas, released October 25, 1994 on Columbia Records.
 It was issued as the fifth and final radio single in promotion of his debut studio album "Illmatic" (1994).
 The song was produced by Q-Tip of A Tribe Called Quest, who also contributed vocals for the chorus line.
 According to Nas, the title of the song originates from Jamaican singer-songwriter and musician Bob Marley's song of the same name.
"Charlotte" is a single by Bournemouth-based alternative rock band Air Traffic.
 Taken from the band's debut studio album "Fractured Life", the track was released through Tiny Consumer, a record label division of EMI.
 "Charlotte" was first released as part of the band's debut single, a double a-side with "Just Abuse Me", on July 17, 2006.
 The single was released as the fifth in a series of black and white vinyls by Label Fandango - the independent record label of live music promotion company Club Fandango - which was the band's record label at the time.
Empire Mates Entertainment (stylized as E.M.E) is a Nigerian record label founded by Banky W in 2002.
 The label is home to recording artists such as Wellington himself, Shaydee and Niyola.
 DJ Xclusive is the label’s official DJ.
 Producers associated with the label include Masterkraft, Jay Sleek, Cobhams Asuquo, Spellz and Samklef, among others.
 On June 18, 2012, the label released its first compilation album "Empire Mates State of Mind".
 In addition to establishing a record label, Banky W, Segun Demuren and Tunde Demuren established a production house, a publishing company known as Muzik Men Publishing, and a charity foundation known as the I-AM-CAPABLE Charity Foundation.
 On February 19, 2014, "Nigerian Entertainment Today" reported that Skales parted ways with E.M.E following the expiration of his contract.
 According to the report, both parties met and reached an agreement.
 Wizkid left the label following the release of his second studio album and expiration of his 5-year contract.
The discography of Laura Izibor, an Irish R&B musician, recording artist and producer, consists of one studio album, three extended plays, four singles and three music videos. Born and raised in Dublin, Izibor began writing songs as a 13-year-old and in 2003, she won a songwriting comptetition organised by Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ).
 Her winning song, "Compatible", received heavy airplay on RTÉ 2fm and was the basis of a short documentary film broadcast on national television.
 Aged 17, Izibor signed to Jive Records and dropped out of school to record her debut studio album; however, after a dispute with the record label, she signed with Atlantic Records and relocated to New York City, United States to complete the recording.
 Due to long-term recording sessions in Ireland and the US, Izibor released two EPs, "Live from Crawdaddy, Dublin" (2007) and "iTunes Festival: London 2008" (2008), on Atlantic and was featured on various film soundtracks. "
Let the Truth Be Told", her debut studio album, was released in 2009 after a four-year production process.
 The album, and its four singles, received widespread critical acclaim and charted in Ireland, the United Kingdom, the US, France, Japan and the Netherlands.
 Three of the album's singles—"From My Heart to Yours", "Don't Stay" and "If Tonight is My Last"—placed in the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
 "Let the Truth Be Told" was later nominated for the 2009 Choice Music Prize and earned Izibor a BET Award nomination for Best UK/Irish Act.
Jarren Giovanni Benton (born October 26, 1981) is an American rapper from Decatur, Georgia.
 In early 2012, he signed to rapper Hopsin's independent record label Funk Volume and released a mixtape called "Freebasing with Kevin Bacon" in June 2012.
 A year later, on June 11, 2013 he released his debut studio album "My Grandma's Basement", which received positive critical reviews and debuted at number 152 on the "Billboard" 200.
 On January 4, 2016, Jarren Benton posted a prank on Instagram, saying that he dropped his current label, "Funk Volume," for a label no longer in existence entitled "No Limits."
 Fans and news outlets alike took the prank seriously, and spread the joke as truth on the internet because they refused to find solid evidence and verify confirmation of fact to the joke.
 Both Funk Volume and Jarren Benton have disproved truth to the prank in the same night.
 However, it has been officially confirmed the Funk Volume label has split up.
 After the Funk Volume split up, Jarren has created his own record label under the name Benton Enterprises, choosing to go in his own direction to get his own brand out to the public, and to release his new album Slow Motion Vol.
 2.
 The album originally was scheduled to be released on July 15th, but Jarren posted on social media on July 3rd, 2016 "Due to technical difficulties, we will be releasing Slow Motion Vol.
 2 on July 22nd."
 The album will be released on his new website and will be his first album release under his label Benton Enterprises, his first album release since the Funk Volume departure, and his first album released on his new website.
