National Geographic Traveler is a magazine published by the National Geographic Society in the United States.
 It was launched in 1984.
 Local-language editions of "National Geographic Traveler" are published in Armenia, Belgium/the Netherlands, China, Croatia, Czech Republic, Indonesia, Latin America, Israel, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovenia and Spain.
 A UK edition launched in December 2010.
Thomas King Forçade (September 11, 1945 – November 17, 1978), a.k.a. Gary Goodson, was an American underground journalist and cannabis rights activist in the 1970s.
 For many years he ran the Underground Press Syndicate (later called the Alternative Press Syndicate), and was the founder in summer 1974 of "High Times" magazine.
 "High Times" ran articles calling marijuana a "medical wonder drug" and ridiculing the US Drug Enforcement Administration.
 "High Times" became a huge success with a circulation of more than 500,000 copies a month and revenues approaching $10 million by 1977 and embraced by the young adult market as the bible of the alternative life culture.
 By 1977 "High Times" was selling as many copies an issue as" Rolling Stone "and "National Lampoon.
 "Forcade published several other publications such as" Stoned, National Weed, Dealer" and others that always were laced with some of the best humor, pop culture and a forum for some of the best writers, artists and political savvy mostly veiled as the counter culture entertainment magazine.
 Many of the writers went on to be published in premiere papers and magazines in North America.
Richard Hammond's Engineering Connections is a documentary series originally broadcast on the National Geographic Channel, and later on BBC2.
 It is presented by Richard Hammond, and looks at how engineers and designers use historic inventions and clues from the natural world in ingenious ways to develop new buildings and machines.
 The show's format is very similar to that of James Burke's 1978 documentary series, "Connections".
 The first series premièred on 8 September 2008, on National Geographic, and on 1 March 2010, on BBC2.
 The first series contained four episodes.
 The second series premièred on 7 September 2009, on National Geographic, and on 8 May 2010, on BBC2.
 The second series contained six episodes.
 The third series premièred on 8 May 2011, on BBC2 and contained six episodes.
 The BBC2 broadcasts of the first two series have a slightly shorter running time and contain less information than the original National Geographic broadcasts, with on average one minute of footage cut from every episode.
 None of the three series of the programme are available to purchase on DVD in the UK, however, all three can be watched on demand for subscribers of National Geographic on Sky, Virgin Media and BT Vision.
 In Australia, all three series are available on DVD, either separately or as a box-set.
Andrew Wojtanik (born 1989) was the winner of the National Geographic Bee hosted by Alex Trebek in 2004, and the National Geographic World Championship in 2005.
 To get to the National Geographic Bee finals, he survived two tiebreakers to advance to the final round against 13-year-old Matthew Wells of Montana, beating him to win a $25,000 scholarship.
 He credits his success to a 384-page book he compiled, which is now an official study guide for the Bee, called "Afghanistan to Zimbabwe: Country Facts That Helped Me Win the National Geographic Bee", which was published in 2004.
 A second edition, "The National Geographic Bee Ultimate Fact Book: Countries A to Z", was published in 2011.
 Andrew lived in Overland Park, Kansas and in 2008 graduated from Blue Valley West High School.
 His family has since moved to Florida.
National Geographic Explorer (or simply Explorer) is an American documentary television series that originally premiered on Nickelodeon on April 7, 1985, after having been produced as a less costly and intensive alternative to PBS's "National Geographic Specials" by Pittsburgh station WQED.
 The first episode ("Herculaneum: Voices from the Past") was produced by WQED and featured long-time "Explorer" camerman Mark Knobil, who is the few staff members with the franchise during all 24 seasons.
 The program is the longest-running documentary television series on cable television.
 Presented every Sunday from 5:00 pm to 8:00 pm, the original series was three hours in length, containing five to ten short films.
 Although the National Geographic Society had been producing specials for television for 20 years prior to "Explorer", the premiere of the series required an increase in production from 4 hours of programming a year to 156 hours.
 Tim Cowling and Tim Kelly were the executive producers for the series during this transition.
The Australian Geography Competition is an Australia-wide competition run by the Royal Geographic Society of Queensland and the Australian Geography Teachers Association and sponsored by the National Geographic Channel.
 It tests the geographic knowledge of high school students from years 8-12.
 It starts with a written multiple choice test in early March.
 In the under 16 competition the winners from each state & the territories (Australian Capital Territory, Northern Territory, Cocos Islands) are taken as well as a runner up who has the highest score after these winners.
 These people are flown to Sydney at the start of June for a weekend of sightseeing followed by the national final.
 The winners go on to the National Geographic World Championship to represent Australia.
 The competition is also used to select the members of the Australian team for the International Geography Olympiad.
National Geographic, formerly the National Geographic Magazine, is the official magazine of the National Geographic Society.
 It has been published continuously since its first issue in 1888, nine months after the Society itself was founded.
 It primarily contains articles about science, geography, history, and world culture.
 The magazine is known for its thick square-bound glossy format with a yellow rectangular border and its extensive use of dramatic photographs.
 Controlling interest in the magazine has been held by 21st Century Fox since 2015.
The National Geographic Channel, also commercially abbreviated as Nat Geo, is an Indian subscription television channel that features non-fiction, factual programming involving nature, science, culture, and history, produced by the National Geographic Society, just like History and the Discovery Channel.
 available in five languages (English, Hindi, Telugu, Tamil and Bengali).
 National Geographic Channel is available in India in both standard and high definition format.
The National Geographic World Championship (previously called the International Geography Olympiad, which is now the title of another similar competition for older schoolchildren) is a biennial, two-day-long international geography competition typically held in late July or early August.
 The Championship was first held in 1993, and is sponsored by the National Geographic Society.
 Teams of three students plus one alternate are selected from among those who finished highest in their respective countries' national competitions (e.g. the National Geographic Bee in the U.S.A., the Olimpíada Geográfica Argentina in Argentina or the Australian Geography Competition in Australia).
 On the first day of competition, these teams take a written test on which all members confer and work together, then take part in a team geography skills-testing activity, such as using a map to find specified locations in unfamiliar surroundings.
 The scores from these two events are tallied, and the top three teams advance to the final round on the second day.
 The final round consists of questions primarily in the style of the National Geographic Bee, as a moderator (since 1993, Alex Trebek) reads questions to one team or one individual at a time.
 These questions may also involve the use of visual aids such as maps or photographs.
 Members of the top three teams receive bronze, silver, or gold medals for finishing third, second, or first, respectively.
National Geographic Kids is the child-focused brand of National Geographic Partners.
 Nat Geo Kids inspires young adventurers to explore the world through award-winning magazines, books, apps, games, toys, videos, events, and a website, and is the only kids brand with a world-class scientific organization at its core.
 National Geographic Kids magazine (10 issues per year) and "Little Kids" magazine (six issues per year) are photo-driven publications and are available on newsstands or by subscription in print and on tablets.
 The award-winning website natgeokids.com excites kids about the planet through games, videos, contests, photos, quizzes and blogs about cultures, animals and destinations.
 National Geographic Kids Books is the leading nonfiction publisher with as many as 125 nonfiction titles each year, including the "New York Times" best-selling "Kids Almanac".
 National Geographic Kids games and apps engage kids to learn through play, the online virtual animal world of "Animal Jam" and the "Weird But True" app being a few examples.
