Step Up Revolution (also known as Step Up 4: Miami Heat, and previously titled Step Up 4Ever) is a 2012 American 3D dance film and the fourth installment in the "Step Up" film series.
 It was released on July 27, 2012.
 The film was directed by Scott Speer and stars Ryan Guzman and Kathryn McCormick, the latter from the sixth season of "So You Think You Can Dance".
 The film features choreography by Jamal Sims, Christopher Scott, Chuck Maldonado and Travis Wall.
 The production design was created by Carlos A. Menendez.
 Unlike the first three films, produced by Touchstone Pictures and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, this film was produced by Summit Entertainment and Offspring Entertainment without Disney's involvement and distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment.
 This is also the first Summit Entertainment film after being acquired by Lionsgate in January 2012.
Make It Happen is a 2008 dance film directed by Darren Grant and starring Mary Elizabeth Winstead.
 The screenplay was co-written by Duane Adler, who was a screenwriter for other dance films "Step Up" and "Save the Last Dance".
Step Up 2: The Streets is a 2008 American dance film.
 It is the sequel to the 2006 film "Step Up" from Touchstone Pictures.
 The film was directed by Jon M. Chu and choreographed by Jamal Sims, Nadine "Hi Hat" Ruffin and Dave Scott.
 Patrick Wachsberger and Erik Feig of Summit Entertainment produced with Adam Shankman and Jennifer Gibgot of Offspring Entertainment.
"Goin' In" is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez.
 The song features American rappers Flo Rida and Lil Jon, although the latter is uncredited for his part in the song.
 It was co-written by Joseph Angel, Tramar Dillard, David Quiñones, Sebastian Kole, Michael Warren and Jamahl "GoonRock" Listenbee, who also produced the song.
 It is featured on the of the dance film "" (2012) and on her first greatest hits album "Dance Again... the Hits" (2012).
 This is also the third song from the "Step Up" series to feature Flo Rida, after "Low" from "" (2008) and "Club Can't Handle Me" from "Step Up 3D" (2010).
Step Up 3D (also known as Step Up 3) is a 2010 American 3D dance film written by Amy Andelson and Emily Meyer and directed by ""' s Jon M. Chu.
 The sequel sees the return of Adam Sevani and Alyson Stoner, who portrayed Moose from "Step Up 2: The Streets" and Camille Gage from "Step Up".
 As the third installment in the "Step Up" series and the first shot in 3D, the film follows Moose and Camille Gage as they head to New York University, the former dancer of whom is majoring in electrical engineering after promising his father that he would not dance anymore.
 However, he soon stumbles upon a dance battle, meeting Luke Katcher and his House of Pirates dance crew and later teaming up with them to compete in the World Jam dance contest against their rival, the House of Samurai dance crew.
Dracula: Pages from a Virgin's Diary is a 2002 horror film directed by Guy Maddin, budgeted at $1.7 million and produced for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) as a dance film documenting a performance by the Royal Winnipeg Ballet adapting Bram Stoker's novel "Dracula".
 Maddin elected to shoot the dance film in a fashion uncommon for such films, through close-ups and using jump cuts.
 Maddin also stayed close to the source material of Stoker's novel, emphasizing the xenophobia in the reactions of the main characters to Dracula (played by Zhang Wei-Qiang in Maddin's film).
Step Up 2: The Streets is the film soundtrack album from the motion picture "", the sequel to the 2006 American dance film "Step Up" from Touchstone Pictures.
 It was released on February 5, 2008, by Atlantic Records.
Step Up: All In is a 2014 American dance film directed by Trish Sie and the fifth installment in the "Step Up" series.
 The film was released on August 8, 2014.
Dance Kahani (meaning "dance story"; previously "The Dance Diaries") is a Pakistan's first dance film directed and written by Omar Hassan.
 Dance Kahani is produced by OSCO FILMS, 99 FILMS and Ion Entertainment in association with Act One.
 The film stars Madeleine Hanna, Alamdar Khan and Vernin U'chong.
 Dance Kahani is the first film exploring the underground dance culture and free running on the streets of Karachi.
Step Up is a 2006 American romantic dance film directed by Anne Fletcher starring Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan.
 Set in Baltimore, Maryland, the film follows the tale of the disadvantaged Tyler Gage (Channing Tatum) and the privileged modern dancer Nora Clark (Jenna Dewan), who find themselves paired up in a showcase that determines both of their futures.
 Realizing that they only have one chance, they finally work together.
 The film is the first installment in the "Step Up" series, it was followed by four sequels, "" (2008), "Step Up 3D" (2010), "Step Up Revolution" (2012) and "" (2014) and a web series "Step Up: High Water" (2017).
