Ancient Egyptian deities are the gods and goddesses worshipped in ancient Egypt.
 The beliefs and rituals surrounding these gods formed the core of ancient Egyptian religion, which emerged sometime in prehistory.
 Deities represented natural forces and phenomena, and the Egyptians supported and appeased them through offerings and rituals so that these forces would continue to function according to "maat", or divine order.
 After the founding of the Egyptian state around 3100 BC, the authority to perform these tasks was controlled by the pharaoh, who claimed to be the gods' representative and managed the temples where the rituals were carried out.
The Osiris myth is the most elaborate and influential story in ancient Egyptian mythology.
 It concerns the murder of the god Osiris, a primeval king of Egypt, and its consequences.
 Osiris's murderer, his brother Set, usurps his throne.
 Meanwhile, Osiris's wife Isis restores her husband's body, allowing him to posthumously conceive a son with her.
 The remainder of the story focuses on Horus, the product of the union of Isis and Osiris, who is at first a vulnerable child protected by his mother and then becomes Set's rival for the throne.
 Their often violent conflict ends with Horus's triumph, which restores order to Egypt after Set's unrighteous reign and completes the process of Osiris's resurrection.
 The myth, with its complex symbolism, is integral to the Egyptian conceptions of kingship and succession, conflict between order and disorder, and especially death and the afterlife.
 It also expresses the essential character of each of the four deities at its center, and many elements of their worship in ancient Egyptian religion were derived from the myth.
Ra ( ; Egyptian: "rꜥ" or "rˤ;" also transliterated "rˤw;" cuneiform: 𒊑𒀀 "ri-a" or 𒊑𒅀 "ri-ia") or Re ( ; <a href="Coptic%20language">Coptic</a>: , "Rē") is the <a href="ancient%20Egyptian%20religion">ancient Egyptian</a> <a href="sun%20god">sun god</a>.
 By the Fifth Dynasty in the 25th and 24th centuries , he had become a major god in ancient Egyptian religion, identified primarily with the noon sun.
Damnation (from Latin "damnatis") is the concept of divine punishment and torment in an afterlife for actions that were committed on Earth.
 In Ancient Egyptian religious tradition, citizens would recite the 42 negative confessions of Maat as their heart was weighed against the feather of truth.
 If the citizen's heart was heavier than a feather they would face torment in a lake of fire.
 Zoroastrianism developed an eschatological concept of a Last Judgment called Frashokereti where the dead will be raised and the righteous wade though a river of milk while the wicked will be burned in a river of molten metal.
 Abrahamic religions such as Christianity have similar concepts of believers facing judgement on a last day to determine if they will spend eternity in Gehenna or heaven for their sin .
 A damned human "in damnation" is said to be either in Hell, or living in a state wherein they are divorced from Heaven and/or in a state of disgrace from God's favor.
 In traditional Abrahamic demonology, the Devil rules Hell, where he and his demons punish the damned.
Ancient Egyptian religion was a complex system of polytheistic beliefs and rituals which were an integral part of ancient Egyptian society.
 It centered on the Egyptians' interaction with many deities who were believed to be present in, and in control of, the forces of nature.
 Rituals such as prayers and offerings were efforts to provide for the gods and gain their favor.
 Formal religious practice centered on the pharaoh, the king of Egypt, who was believed to possess a divine power by virtue of his position.
 He acted as the intermediary between his people and the gods and was obligated to sustain the gods through rituals and offerings so that they could maintain order in the universe.
 The state dedicated enormous resources to Egyptian rituals and to the construction of the temples.
The Pyramid Texts are a collection of ancient Egyptian religious texts from the time of the Old Kingdom.
 Written in Old Egyptian, the pyramid texts were carved on the walls and sarcophagi of the pyramids at Saqqara during the 5th and 6th Dynasties of the Old Kingdom.
 The oldest of the texts have been dated to between ca. 2400–2300 BC.
 Unlike the later Coffin Texts and Book of the Dead, the pyramid texts were reserved only for the pharaoh and were not illustrated.
 Following the earlier Palermo Stone, the pyramid texts mark the next-oldest known mention of Osiris, who would become the most important deity associated with afterlife in the Ancient Egyptian religion.
Hatmehit, or Hatmehyt (reconstructed to have been pronounced *Hāwit-Maḥūyat in Egyptian) in the ancient Egyptian religion was a fish-goddess in the area around the delta city of Per-banebdjedet, Mendes.
 In ancient Egyptian art Hatmehit was depicted either as a fish, or a woman with a fish emblem or crown on her head.
 She was a goddess of life and protection.
The Ancient Egyptian offering formula, generally referred to as the ḥtp-dỉ-nsw formula by Egyptologists, was written as an offering for the deceased in the ancient Egyptian religion.
 The offering formula was believed to allow the deceased to partake in offerings presented to the major deities in the name of the king, or in offerings presented directly to the deceased by family members.
 All ancient Egyptian offering formulas share the same basic structure, but there is a great deal of variety in which deities and offerings are mentioned, and which epithets and titles are used.
 Below is an example of a typical offering formula:
The traditional Berber religion is the ancient and native set of beliefs and deities adhered to by the Berber autochthones of North Africa.
 Many ancient Berber beliefs were developed locally whereas others were influenced over time through contact with other traditional African religions (such as the Ancient Egyptian religion), or borrowed during antiquity from the Punic religion, Judaism, Iberian mythology, and the Hellenistic religion.
 The most recent influence came from Islam and pre-Islamic Arab religion during the medieval period.
 Some of the ancient Berber beliefs still exist today subtly within the Berber popular culture and tradition.
Neo Geo Cup '98: The Road to the Victory is a soccer video game based on the FIFA World Cup 1998, despite being released after the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
 It features 73 teams' countries.
 Each team enters a "Regional Qualifying Round Final" where it plays a team it actually played in the 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification.
 For example: Spain would face Yugoslavia, an opponent it actually faced in its qualifying group.
 Or Italy would face Russia, an opponent Italy faced in the UEFA play-offs.
 If the player beats the opponent, it goes to a group much like the real life World Cup.
 In fact, the team faces opponents that were actually in its group.
 For example: Mexico would face the Netherlands, Belgium and South Korea.
 It is a re-make of "Super Sidekicks 3".
 However, animations and designs were exactly the same.
 The only difference is teams to reflect the World Cup, kits again to reflect the World Cup, and players to resemble squads from the World Cup (teams that did not qualify use line-ups from friendly games and qualifiers).
 Its slogan is "We got the kick".
