Peter Cormack (born 8 June 1974 in Liverpool) is an English-born Scottish former professional footballer who played as a defender.
 His father is former Liverpool player Peter Cormack senior.
Jim Cassell is a former Youth Academy Director at Manchester City.
 He has been responsible for the development of players such as Shaun Wright-Phillips, Joey Barton, Stephen Ireland, Nedum Onuoha, Daniel Sturridge, Michael Johnson and Micah Richards and many others.
Ian Johnson (born 7 March 1983 in Liverpool) is an English football midfielder.
 He is the grandson of former Liverpool player Ronnie Moran.
Kevin Morley (born Liverpool), is an English businessman, known for being the former Managing Director, Sales and Marketing of the former Rover Group.
Liverpool F.C. won its seventh league title, tying Arsenal's record.
 In the competitive Football League First Division, Liverpool breezed to the championship victory with a six-point cushion to Leeds and Burnley.
 Roger Hunt scored 30 league goals, which earned him a place in the England squad for the World Cup, where he became the first player to win the World Cup representing Liverpool.
 It was not until 44 years later that Fernando Torres played an active part in the Spanish team winning the World Cup as a Liverpool player.
Yankel Feather was a British painter, (born Liverpool 21 June 1920; died 18 April 2009) and a member of the Liverpool Academy of Arts and the Newlyn Society of Artists.
 Paintings by Feather are in the public collections of the Royal Pavilion and the Walker Art Gallery.
 He was an expressionist painter.
 His early works were more formal, and in later works Feather's syle became more expressive and changed as he began painting from memory.
 His subject matter included still lives, populated scenes of Liverpool dance halls, and seascapes of his St Ives period.
David Burrows (born Dudley, 25 October 1968) is an English former footballer.
 During his career he played for West Bromwich Albion, Liverpool, West Ham United, Everton, Coventry City, Birmingham City and Sheffield Wednesday as well as the England Under-21 and B teams.
 As a Liverpool player he won the Football League, the FA Cup and twice won the Charity Shield.
David Fairclough (born Liverpool, 5 January 1957) is an English retired footballer, most famous for playing for Liverpool as a striker during the 1970s and 1980s.
John Alexander (born 5 October 1955) is an English former footballer who holds the post of club secretary at Manchester United.
 Born in Liverpool, Alexander began his football career with a club called Ulysses, before being picked up by Millwall, for whom he made his league debut in 1976.
 After scoring twice in 15 appearances over the course of two years with Millwall, he moved to Reading; he enjoyed greater success with Reading, scoring nine goals in 25 games.
 In 1981, he joined Northampton Town, but spent just one season with them before retiring from football at the age of 26 in 1982.
 Upon retiring from football, Alexander got a job with the BBC, but he later returned to football as club secretary at Watford.
 In 2000, he took up the same post at Tottenham Hotspur, spending 10 years there before applying for the same job at Manchester United, where he would replace the retiring Ken Ramsden.
 He took over at Manchester United on 1 July 2010.
 He is the uncle of Liverpool player Trent Alexander-Arnold.
Alison Appleton (born Liverpool 1965) is a British ceramic designer specialising in porcelain tea ware.
 Her collections are influenced by a range of sources, from eighteenth century chinoiserie to fairy tales, using specialist clays and glazes to create different textures and finishes.
 She works from her design studio in the Baltic Triangle, Liverpool.
