The Howling is a werewolf-themed horror franchise that includes three novels and eight films.
 The franchise began with the 1977 horror novel "The Howling" by Gary Brandner, which was in 1981 adapted into the film of the same name, directed by Joe Dante.
The Pack is a 1977 horror film about a pack of abandoned dogs who turn against humans by killing them for food at Seal Island.
The Hills Have Thighs is a 2010 American made for cable erotic film written and directed by Jim Wynorski under the pseudonym Salvadore Ross.
 It is based on the 1977 horror feature "The Hills Have Eyes" written and directed by Wes Craven.
The Hills Have Eyes 2 is a 2007 American horror film, and the sequel to the 2006 film which was a remake of the 1977 horror film.
 The film follows several U.S. Army National Guardsmen as they fight for survival against the mutant people living in a military base in the New Mexico desert.
 "The Hills Have Eyes 2" was directed by German film director Martin Weisz and written by father and son team Wes and Jonathan Craven.
 A graphic novel titled "" was published by Fox Atomic Comics to accompany the release of the film; it was released July 3, 2007.
 The film stars Michael McMillian, Jacob Vargas, Flex Alexander, and Jessica Stroup.
Shock Waves, (alternate titles: Almost Human (UK), Death Corps), is a 1977 horror film written and directed by Ken Wiederhorn.
 The screenplay concerns a group of tourists who encounter aquatic Nazi zombies when they become shipwrecked.
 It stars Peter Cushing as a former SS commander, Brooke Adams as a tourist, and John Carradine as the captain of the tourists' boat.
Bonnie MacBird is a writer, actress, playwright, screenwriter and producer known as the original writer of the science fiction film "Tron".
Da Sweet Blood of Jesus is a 2014 film directed by Spike Lee about a wealthy anthropologist who is stabbed by an ancient African dagger and turned into a vampire.
 Lee has said the film is about "Human beings who are addicted to blood" and called it "...A new kind of love story."
 The film is an unofficial remake of the 1973 film "Ganja and Hess" (with original writer Bill Gunn receiving a credit as co-writer, along with Lee).
 It was the first of Lee's films to be funded through Kickstarter.
 The film was released on June 22, 2014 at the American Black Film Festival as the closing film.
 It was released in theaters and on VOD on February 13, 2015, by Gravitas Ventures.
Boys Life 5 is the fifth installment of the "Boys Life" series, which collects LGBT-related short films. Distributed by Strand Releasing.
 This gay anthology of short films about unrequited love should strike a universal chord with audiences of all persuasions.
 Fans of these short films should note that director Eytan Fox returned to similar subject matter in his full-length "Yossi & Jagger" (2002); filmmaker Michael Burke expanded "Fishbelly White" into the full length film "The Mudge Boy" (2003); and Adam Salky (director) (along with original writer David Brind) expanded and remade Dare into a full length feature film, also entitled "Dare" (2009).
Ace Ventura: Pet Detective (or simply Ace Ventura, or also simply Pet Detective) is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Tom Shadyac, and co-written by and starring Jim Carrey.
 It was developed by the film's original writer, Jack Bernstein, and co-producer, Bob Israel, for almost six years.
 The film co-stars Courteney Cox, Tone Lōc, Sean Young and former Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino.
 In the film, Carrey plays Ace Ventura, an animal detective who is tasked with finding the Miami Dolphins' mascot that was abducted.
 The film features a cameo appearance from death metal band Cannibal Corpse.
Ruby is a 1977 horror drama film directed by Curtis Harrington, which was one of his last horror films.
 The film centres on a woman named Ruby Claire (played by Piper Laurie) who is the mother of a deaf-mute girl.
 She runs a drive-in theatre where bizarre things begin to happen to her employees and the spirit of her dead husband possesses her daughter.
