Anchar Lake is a lake in highly deteriorated condition located near Soura area in the city of Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir.
 Situated close to Ganderbal, The lake is connected with the famous Dal Lake via a channel "Amir Khan Nallah", just as the Dal-gate connects Dal to the Nagin Lake.
 In case of flooding, the excessive water of Dal is diverted here.
Foreshore Road is one of the prestigious roads in the city of Srinagar.
 The notability of the road lies in the fact that the entire road lies on the banks of Dal Lake.
 The road starts from Hazratbal, Srinagar ends in Nishat.
 Major tourist spots including many Mughal Gardens like Nishat Bagh, Chashma Shahi, Pari Mahal, botanical garden are situated on the road.
 The economy of the people living here greatly depends on tourism.
 The road is also connected to the boulevard road.
 While driving across the road it provides glances of beauty of Dal Lake and in hot summers people rest on roadside and feel the cool breeze of Dal Lake and enjoy the charming sunset from the horizon.
 From April 13 every year, government officials open the Mughal Gardens for visitors around the world.
 Due to this fact outnumbered tourists can be seen on the way to visit these places.
 The boulevard foreshore road also hosts largest number of hotels for tourists in Srinagar and is thus strictly maintained by Government of Jammu and Kashmir regularly.
Tsoont Kol (Kashmiri: / /, "literally" 'Apple Stream') is a navigational canal running through the Srinagar city of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir, that also helps to regulate the water level in the Dal lake.
 It branches out from the Jhelum just near the northern end of the Zero Bridge and rejoins it in the Maisuma locality of the old city, a few metres downstream of the Budshah Bridge.
 It has a lock gate known as Dal Gate to regulate the water level in the Dal lake which is located at a slightly higher elevation.
 The canal also has an island just after the Dal Gate, known as Chinar Bagh.
Dal Lake is a small mid-altitude lake (1,775 m above sea level) near the village of Tota Rani in Kangra district (Himachal Pradesh) in northern India.
 The name 'Dal Lake' is taken from Kashmir's Dal Lake.
Brari Nambal, also known as Bab Demb, is a small freshwater lake located in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir.
 It is connected to the Dal lake via a channel and is therefore sometimes referred to as a lagoon of the Dal lake.
Goat Haunt is a region of Glacier National Park in Montana, United States.
 Goat Haunt is located at the head of Waterton lake which is fed by the Waterton River.
 The headwaters for the Waterton River are located South of Goat Haunt Ranger Station at unnamed lakes located slightly higher than Nashukin Lake.
 The Goat Haunt area shares Waterton Lake with Waterton Lakes National Park in Canada.
 This area is important for reinforcing the international nature of the Waterton-Glacier International Peace Park.
 It also provides hiking trails that connect the United States and Canada.
 The region provides wildlife habitats on both sides of the border.
 As a largely unspoiled natural area, visitors experience an area with few facilities or amenities, but with historical importance including Waterton Townsite and mountain passes used by American Indians.
Waterton Lakes National Park is a national park located in the southwest corner of Alberta, Canada, and borders Glacier National Park in Montana, United States.
 Waterton was Canada's fourth national park, formed in 1895 and named after Waterton Lake, in turn after the Victorian naturalist and conservationist Charles Waterton.
 The park contains 505 km2 of rugged mountains and wilderness.
Char Chinar, also sometimes rendered Char Chinari, Ropa Lank, or Rupa Lank, is an island in Dal Lake, Srinagar, Kashmir India.
 Dal Lake includes 3 islands, 2 of which are marked with beautiful Chinar trees.
 The island located on the Bod Dal is known as Rupa Lank (Silver Island), it is marked with the presence of majestic Chinar trees at the four corners, thus known as Char-Chinari (Four Chinars).
 Murad Baksh, brother of the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb, constructed the Rupa Lank.
 The second Chinar Island, known as Sona Lanka (Gold Island), is located on the Lokut Dal, and over looks the holy shrine of Hazratbal.
 Chinar trees characteristically grow in Eastern Himalayas.
 They have been an important part of Kashmiri tradition, in that, a Chinar tree is found in almost every village in Kashmir.
 These trees have survived for ages, because Chinar is basically a long-living tree.
 It spreads wide across a region of cool climate with sufficient water.
 The tree has several properties - leaves and bark are used as medicine, the wood, known as lace wood has been used for delicate furniture and the twigs and roots are used for making dyes.
Waterton Lake is a mountain lake in southern Alberta, Canada and northern Montana, United States.
 The lake is composed of two bodies of water, connected by a shallow channel known locally as the Bosporus.
 The two parts are referred to as Lower Waterton Lake, and Upper Waterton Lake, the latter of which is crossed at the tip by the Canada–United States border.
 The United States Geological Survey gives the geocoordinates of for Upper Waterton Lake.
Nishat Bagh is a terraced Mughal garden built on the eastern side of the Dal Lake, close to Srinagar in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
 It is the second largest Mughal garden in the Kashmir Valley.
 The largest in size is the Shalimar Bagh, which is also located on the bank of the Dal Lake.
 ‘Nishat Bagh’ is Urdu, which means "Garden of Joy," "Garden of Gladness" and "Garden of Delight."
