Sarah Ferguson wore a dress made from ivory duchesse satin and featuring heavy beadingfor her wedding to Prince Andrew, Duke of York on 23 July 1986 at Westminster Abbey.
 Designed by Lindka Cierach, the beadwork incorporated various symbols including hearts representing romance, anchors and waves representing Prince Andrew's sailing background and bumblebees and thistles, which were taken from Sarah Ferguson's family crest.
 Copies of the dress, including the motifs specific to the royal family, went on sale in stores just hours after the end of the wedding.Influenced by the wedding dress of Lady Diana Spencer, a notable feature of Sarah Ferguson's 17 foot long train was the intertwined initials A and S sewn in silver beads.
 The head-dress and bouquet, fabric rosettes or artificial silk flowers were used to adorn the gown itself.
 Ferguson was pleased with the dress, describing it in her 1997 memoir, "My Story", as "an exquisite creation I'd lost twenty-six pounds to fit into.
 Lindka was a genius; I knew she could make the most flattering gown ever, and she had.
 It was amazingly boned, like a corset.
"Hair stylist Denise McAdam and make-up artist Teresa Fairminer attended to the bride, while florist Jane Packer designed the bouquet.
 The ivory silk wedding dress became the season's most sought-after style.
Prince Andrew, Duke of York, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (Andrew Albert Christian Edward, born 19 February 1960), is the second son and third child of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
 At the time of his birth, he was second in the line of succession to the British throne; as of 2017 he is sixth in line.
The Royal Marriages Act 1772 was an act of the Parliament of Great Britain, which prescribed the conditions under which members of the British Royal Family could contract a valid marriage, in order to guard against marriages that could diminish the status of the royal house.
 The right of veto vested in the sovereign by this act provoked severe adverse criticism at the time of its passage.
 It was repealed on 26 March 2015 as a result of the 2011 Perth Agreement.
 Its provisions were replaced by more limited restrictions that apply only to the first six people in the line of succession (currently Prince Charles, Prince William, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Prince Harry, and Prince Andrew).
Canadian royal tours in the 21st century carry on the tradition of the previous 300 years, either as an official tour, a working tour, a vacation, or a period of military service by a member of the Royal Family.
 Originally, official tours were events predominantly for Canadians to see and possibly meet members of their royal family, with the associated patriotic pomp and spectacle.
 However, nearing the end of the 20th century, such occasions took on the added dimension of a theme; for instance, the 2005 tour of Saskatchewan and Alberta by Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, was deemed to be a vehicle for Her Majesty and all other Canadians to honour "The Spirit of Nation Builders".
 Also, junior members of the Royal Family began to undertake unofficial "working" tours of Canada as well; in this method, royal figures are invited by provinces, municipalities, and other organizations to events which the latter fund without assistance from the federal government.
 Charles, Prince of Wales; Anne, Princess Royal; Prince Andrew, Duke of York; and Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, have all made several small tours in this fashion.
Joe Gilmore (19 May 1922 – 18 December 2015) was one of the longest running Head Barmen at The Savoy Hotel's American Bar.
 He was born in Belfast and moved to London in 1938.
 Gilmore started as a trainee barman at The American Bar in 1940 and was appointed Head Barman in 1955, a position he held until he retired in 1976.
 Over his years as Head Barman, Gilmore invented numerous cocktails to mark special events and important guests, a longstanding tradition at the American Bar.
 Gilmore has invented cocktails in honor of a number of royalty, politicians and celebrities including The Prince of Wales, Prince William, The Princess Anne, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, The Prince Andrew, Sir Winston Churchill, and American Presidents Harry S. Truman and Richard Nixon.
 He also invented cocktails to commemorate the first walk on the moon in 1969 by Neil Armstrong, and the American and Russian link-up in space in 1975.
Princess Henriëtte van Nassau-Weilburg, then van Nassau (22 April 1780, in Kirchheimbolanden – 2 January 1857, in Kirchheim unter Teck) was a daughter of Prince Charles Christian, Duke of Nassau-Weilburg and Carolina of Orange-Nassau, daughter of William IV, Prince of Orange.
 Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom is her descendant through Francis, Duke of Teck, Henriette's grandson.
 Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh is her descendant through her granddaughter Princess Alexandra of Saxe-Altenburg, who is the grandmother of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark.
 Juan Carlos I of Spain is a descendant of her granddaughter Archduchess Elisabeth Franziska of Austria, the grandmother of Alfonso XIII of Spain.
Krajmir (; d. 15 June 1389) was a Serbian nobleman who served Prince Lazar (r. 1373–89), with the title of "vojvoda" (general).
 He was mentioned in Konstantin Mihailović's memoirs (1490–1501) regarding the Battle of Kosovo (1389), where he was captured and killed together with Lazar by the Ottomans, in front of Bayezid.
 He was described as being from Toplica.
 His person has been connected with Krajko, the son of magnate Jovan Oliver (1310–1356).
 It is likely that he is the same as Milan Toplica from folk tradition.
Princess Sophie of Greece and Denmark (Greek: Πριγκίπισσα Σοφία της Ελλάδας και Δανίας ) (26 June 1914 – 3 November 2001) was the fourth child and youngest daughter of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark and Princess Alice of Battenberg.
 The Duke of Edinburgh is her younger brother.
 Sophie was born at Villa Mon Repos on the island of Corfu in Greece.
Armand Douglas "Armie" Hammer (born August 28, 1986) is an American actor.
 He is known for his portrayal of the Winklevoss twins in the film "The Social Network" (2010), Prince Andrew Alcott in "Mirror Mirror" (2012), the title character in the adventure film "The Lone Ranger" (2013), Mike in "Mine" (2016), and the voice role of Jackson Storm in 2017's Disney-Pixar Film "Cars 3".
 He played the role of Illya Kuryakin in "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." (2015), and stars as Oliver in the 2017 romance drama "Call Me by Your Name".
 For his portrayal of Clyde Tolson in "J. Edgar" (2011), he was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award.
John Hartmann (born Auleben October 24, 1830, died Liverpool, England 1897) was a Prussian brass composer.
 He is notable for having served Prince George, Duke of Cambridge as bandmaster in the British 4th Regiment, 12th Lancers.
