The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills (abbreviated RHOBH) is an American reality television series that premiered on October 14, 2010, on Bravo.
 The show was developed as the sixth installment of "The Real Housewives" franchise following "The Real Housewives of Orange County", "New York City", "Atlanta", "New Jersey", and "D.C." It has aired seven seasons and focuses on the personal and professional lives of several women residing in Beverly Hills, California.
Lisa Jane Vanderpump (born 15 September 1960) is a British restaurateur, author, actress, and television personality.
 She is known for her appearances on Bravo's "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills", "Vanderpump Rules", and ABC's "Dancing with the Stars".
 Vanderpump and husband, Ken Todd, have owned 26 restaurants, bars and clubs in London and Los Angeles, including The Shadow Lounge, Bar Soho, SUR, Pump, and Villa Blanca.
Beverly Grove is a small neighborhood in the central region of the City of Los Angeles, California, abutting Beverly Hills and West Hollywood.
 There is one private elementary school.
 It is home to shopping and fashion districts, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, the Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills, Sofitel Los Angeles, SLS Hotel at Beverly Hills, the eight-story Beverly Center, and the Robertson Blvd. retail district.
"Vanderpump Rules" is an American reality television series aired on Bravo that debuted on January 7, 2013.
 It a spin-off to "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".
 The series features "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" cast member Lisa Vanderpump in the title role and her staff at Vanderpump's West Hollywood, California, restaurant SUR.
"The Real Housewives" is an American media franchise that consists of several reality television series broadcast on the Bravo cable network.
 Each series follows an affluent group of women as they socialize and cope with life's struggles.
 The franchise initially began in 2006 with the series of "The Real Housewives of Orange County" that featured Kimberly Bryant, Jo De La Rosa, Vicki Gunvalson, Jeana Keough and Lauri Waring.
 Since the premiere of the series, it has grown to include multiple series in different cities and areas across the United States that include: New York City and Atlanta in 2008; New Jersey in 2009; Washington, D.C. and Beverly Hills in 2010; Miami in 2011; Potomac and Dallas in 2016.
 The franchise has grown to be successful with several housewives receiving spin-offs of their respective series.
Vanderpump Rules After Show is an American television talk show that premiered on November 6, 2015 on Bravo.
 The show is a spin-off of the reality series "Vanderpump Rules", making it the second spin-off of "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills", which both air on the same network.
The Real Housewives is an U.S. media franchise that consists of several reality television series broadcast on Bravo.
 The shows document the lives of several affluent-by-marriage housewives residing in varying regions throughout the United States.
 The first version, "The Real Housewives of Orange County", premiered on March 21, 2006; its success resulted in spin-off series located in New York City and Atlanta in 2008; New Jersey in 2009; Washington, D.C. and Beverly Hills in 2010; Miami in 2011; Potomac and Dallas in 2016.
 The subsequent installments have proven similarly successful, and have resulted in numerous spin-off series of their own.
The Real Housewives of Miami (abbreviated RHOM) is an American reality television series that aired from February 22, 2011 to November 4, 2013 on Bravo.
 Developed as the seventh installment of "The Real Housewives" franchise, following "The Real Housewives of Orange County", "New York City", "Atlanta", "New Jersey", "D.C.", and "Beverly Hills", it aired three seasons and focused on the personal and professional lives of several women living in Miami, Florida.
 In 2016, executive producer Andy Cohen confirmed the series had been cancelled.
Vanderpump Rules is an American reality television series airing on Bravo that debuted on January 7, 2013, with the first season originally eight episodes.
 A spin-off of "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills", the series features "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" cast member Lisa Vanderpump in the title role and her staff at Vanderpump's West Hollywood, California, restaurant SUR.
Les Vraies Housewives (translated The Real Housewives and abbreviated LVH) is a French reality television series that aired on NT1 on March 18, 2013 until April 1, 2013.
 Developed as international installment of the "Real Housewives" franchise, it aired only one season and documented the personal and professional lives of several French women residing in Beverly Hills, California.
