Loudonville High School is a high school in Loudonville, Ohio.
 It is the only high school in the Loudonville-Perrysville Exempted Village School District.
 However, younger students attend one of three schools.
 1st- 3rd graders attend the R.F. McMullen School, then cross the street to attend the C.E. Budd School for grades 4-6.
 Then, students attend the high school campus for 7th and 8th grades.
Donald B. Fullerton (July 6, 1892 – April 9, 1985) was a Christian missionary and teacher who founded the Princeton Evangelical Fellowship and served with it from 1931 until 1980.
 He was noted for convincing many students at Princeton University of the truth of the Christian faith.
 Arthur Glasser also credited his conversion to Dr. Fullerton, through hearing him speak at the Keswick Bible Conference.
 In addition to his evangelistic efforts, Dr. Fullerton was a major spiritual influence on many students including Paul Pressler, a major figure in the Conservative resurgence of the Southern Baptist Convention, and the noted Reformed theologian John Frame.
 He was a member of the Princeton University Class of 1913 and received an honorary Doctorate of Ministry from Grace Theological Seminary.
The Pennsylvania Governor's School for the Sciences (PGSS) is one of the Pennsylvania Governor's Schools of Excellence, a group of five-week summer programs for gifted high school students in the state of Pennsylvania.
 Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh has hosted the program since its inception in 1982.
 Most recently, it has been directed by Physics Professor Dr. Barry Luokkala.
 Participants are required to be Pennsylvania high school students between their junior and senior years and are required to live in the dormitories for the full five weeks of the program.
 Admission is very competitive - approximately 500 of the most scientifically gifted students in the state compete for 56 to 60 slots in the program.
 The aim of PGSS is to promote interest in science rather than to advance students' knowledge in a specific area.
 The curriculum includes five "core" courses in Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics, and numerous electives.
 In addition to taking classes, students are required to participate in a lab course and a research-style team project.
 The emphasis is on cooperation, rather than competition - students are encouraged to both collaborate with other students on academic work and to interact socially.
 The Residence Life staff provides a number of structured social events to foster friendship and teamwork.
 There is at least one event per day and is advertised on the social calendar in the dorm lobby.
 For many students, the social development gained from the program rivals the scientific knowledge they acquire.
 The students leave the program with a strong bond; most attend an organized reunion the following year after the 4th week of the program.
Symphony, the annual cultural festival of K. J. Somaiya College of Engineering, has created its name and popularity among Engineering and Management institutes far and wide for the last decade.
 Every year many students from various institutes be a part of this festival.
 The main aim is to promote, encourage and exhibit the talents of the students on a common platform and create interest in the classical, vocal and instrumental music.
 Symphony hosts more than 9000 students every year.
 Symphony has been graced by artists of the magnitude of Pt.
 Hariprasad Chaurasia, Pt ShivKumar Sharma, Louis Banks, Hariharan, Indus Creed, Parikrama, KK, Bombay Vikings, Taufiq Qureshi, Dagar, Suraj Jagan, and Ustad Zakir Hussain.
 The event also has a social touch to propagate a message relevant to the times like AIDS awareness, etc.
 There have also been Auto Shows and an Army display at Symphony.
 The organization is done by students which is also a time for building strong camaraderie and teamwork.
 Many students look back fondly at the memories gathered during this phase of their lives.
Philip Kraft (born in Rendsburg on March 24, 1969) is a German fragrance chemist.
 Since 1996 he has been employed by Givaudan, a leading Flavor and Fragrance company, where he designs captive odorants for use in perfumes.
 He has lectured at the University of Bern, the University of Zurich, and the ETH Zurich.
Atlantic Community High School (also known as Atlantic and ATL) is a public high school located in Delray Beach, Florida.
 It is part of the School District of Palm Beach County.
 Known for its academics, many students attend due to the school's International Baccalaureate program and its ranking as a top-rated school for many years.
 In the 2010 Newsweek ranking of America's best high schools, Atlantic High ranked 89th.
 In 2005, the school moved to its current location and added a freshman academy and a construction-oriented magnet program.
Brazilian schools in Japan (ブラジル学校 , "Burajiru gakkō" ) are schools that specifically cater to Brazilians living in Japan.
 Many students who attend such schools are "Fushūgaku" (不就学 ) , or children who do not attend public schooling.
 This is either due to parents wanting their children to attend school in their native language, or because they have little experience with or knowledge of Japanese culture or language.
Immacolata School is a Catholic school in Immacolata Parish, Richmond Heights, Missouri.
 Students attend from grades K through Eighth.
 Immacolata School's first graduating class was in 1950.
 The cornerstone was laid on the main building in 1949.
 The principal of Immacolata School is Dr. Jennifer Stutsman, a former long-time middle school Social Studies and Science teacher at the school.
 The pastor is Rev. Msgr. Vernon Gardin.
 In 2008, the Parish built a new school wing which added classrooms, offices and a conference room.
 Other recent improvements include a renovated playground, athletic fields, kitchen and cafeteria as well as a new wooden floor in the gymnasium.
 Students attend from the parish's boundaries as well as from neighboring areas.
The A. Philip Randolph Campus High School is a four-year public high school in New York City.
 It is located in Harlem, adjacent to the City College of New York.
 It occupies a landmark building formerly occupied by The High School of Music & Art.
 The school was established in 1979 as an educational collaboration between the Board of Education and The City College of New York.
 The high school is open to all New York City residents, and more than 90% of its graduates attend college.
 Its daily attendance rate is 90 percent or better throughout the year.
 The students may take eleven advanced placement (AP) courses in five subject areas as well as college courses at Randolph, The City College, and Borough of Manhattan Community College.
 In doing so, many students earn college credits while attending high school.
Upper Moreland School District is located in Upper Moreland Township, Montgomery County in the northern suburbs of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 The Township has a general population of 25,000 residents who are served by the post offices of Willow Grove, Hatboro, and Huntingdon Valley, although due to postal and municipal boundaries, many students served by the Hatboro post office attend Hatboro-Horsham School District, while others served by the Huntingdon Valley post office attend Lower Moreland schools.
 A K-12 public school system, Upper Moreland School District has four schools to educate its 3200 students.
