Charlotte Franklin Hatherley (born 20 June 1979) is an English singer, songwriter and guitarist.
 She initially came to prominence as guitarist and backing vocalist for alternative rock band Ash.
 Since leaving Ash in 2006, she has pursued a solo career and also acted as a touring instrumentalist for Client, KT Tunstall, Bat for Lashes and Birdy.
 Hatherley is now performing solo under the moniker of Sylver Tongue and as a recording and touring member of NZCA Lines.
Druid was a 1970s progressive rock band from England, and initially came to public attention by winning a 1974 unsigned band contest by "Melody Maker" magazine.
 The band went on to perform on "The Old Grey Whistle Test" and to record two albums.
 Their sound was notably influenced by Yes.
Doberman is a Japanese ska/punk band.
 In 1998, the members of Doberman initially came together while studying art at Osaka University.
 However, the band did not fully launch and emerge into the music world until a year later.
 This nine member ensemble undoubtedly contributes to Japan's ska scene, especially influencing the 2 Tone and Neoska subgenres, flavored by their own mixture of two tone and authentic ska.
Gregory Frank "Greg" Raposo (born May 3, 1985) is an American rock'n'roll singer and actor.
 Raposo initially came to fame in the early 2000s as a member of the boy band Dream Street, but has subsequently branched out into a solo career as a rock singer.
 His self-titled debut solo album "Greg Raposo" was released in 2003 and charted at #40 in its opening week; 2012 release "Loss Love Life" was released independently and did not chart.
Ash is a Northern Irish alternative rock band, formed in Downpatrick in 1992 by vocalist and guitarist Tim Wheeler, bassist Mark Hamilton and drummer Rick McMurray.
 As a three-piece, they released mini-album "Trailer" in 1994 and full-length album "1977" in 1996.
 This 1996 release was named by "NME" as one of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 After the success of their full debut the band recruited Charlotte Hatherley as a guitarist and vocalist, releasing their second record "Nu-Clear Sounds" in 1998.
 After narrowly avoiding bankruptcy the band released "Free All Angels" in 2001 and a string of successful singles.
Inayat Khan Rehmat Khan Pathan (Urdu: عنایت خان‎ ; July 5, 1882 – February 5, 1927) was the founder of The Sufi Order in the West in 1914 (London) and teacher of Universal Sufism.
 He initially came to the West as a Northern Indian classical musician, having received the honorific "Tansen" from the Nizam of Hyderabad, but he soon turned to the introduction and transmission of Sufi thought and practice.
 Later, in 1923, the Sufi Order of the London period was dissolved into a new organization, formed under Swiss law, called the "International Sufi Movement".
 His message of divine unity (Tawhid) focused on the themes of love, harmony and beauty.
 He taught that blind adherence to any book rendered religion devoid of spirit.
 Branches of Inayat Khan's movement can be found in the Netherlands, France, England, Germany, the United States, Canada, Russia and Australia.
 In his various written works, such as the Music of Life and The Mysticism of Sound and Music, Inayat Khan interlocks his passion for music with his Sufi ideologies making a compelling argument for music as the harmonious thread of the Universe.
NZCA Lines (stylised as NZCA/LINES) are a British synthpop band founded by Michael Lovett.
 It currently features Charlotte Hatherley and Sarah Jones.
José Francisco Araiza Andrade (born 4 October 1950), is a Mexican operatic tenor and lied singer who has sung as soloist in leading concert halls and in leading tenor operatic roles in the major opera houses of Europe and North America during the course of a lengthy career.
 Born in Mexico City, he studied singing at the Conservatorio Nacional de Música de México and later in Germany, with Mozartian tenor Richard Holm, and lieder interpretation with Erik Werba.
 He made his operatic debut in 1970 in Mexico City as First Prisoner in Beethoven's "Fidelio".
 Araiza initially came to international prominence singing in Mozart and Rossini operas, but in the 1980s broadened his repertoire to include Italian and French lyric tenor roles and Wagnerian roles such as Lohengrin and Walther von Stolzing.
 He was made a Kammersänger of the Vienna State Opera in 1988.
 Now retired from the opera stage, he teaches singing and serves on the juries of several international singing competitions.
Pope Clement VIII (Latin: "Clemens VIII" ; 24 February 1536 – 3 March 1605), born Ippolito Aldobrandini, was Pope from 2 February 1592 to his death in 1605.
 Born into prominent Florentine family, he initially came to prominence as a canon lawyer before being made a Cardinal-Priest in 1585.
 In 1592 he was elected Pope and took the name of Clement.
 During his papacy he effected the reconciliation of Henry IV of France to the Catholic faith and was instrumental in setting up an alliance of Christian nations to oppose the Ottoman Empire in the so-called Long War.
 He also successfully adjudicated in a bitter dispute between the Dominicans and the Jesuits on the issue of efficacious grace and free will.
 In 1600 he presided over a jubilee which saw a large number of pilgrimages to Rome.
 He showed little pity for his perceived opponents, presiding over the trial and execution of Giordano Bruno and introducing harsh measures against Jewish inhabitants of the Papal States.
 He may have been the first pope to drink coffee.
 Clement VIII died at the age of 69 in 1605 and his remains now rest in the Santa Maria Maggiore.
Grey Will Fade is the debut album from British singer/songwriter Charlotte Hatherley, released in 2004 whilst still playing guitar in British rock band Ash.
 She was encouraged to write the album by Ash frontman Tim Wheeler due to the popularity of the song, "Grey Will Fade," originally released as a B-side on Ash's 2001 single "There's a Star."
 The album reached number 51 in the UK Albums Chart.
</small>
