Eastern Hills Mall is a shopping mall located at the western border of the Town of Clarence in Erie County, New York, United States.
 It lies on Transit Road (New York State Route 78, a 73.49-mile state highway), which in the vicinity of the mall, divides Clarence, New York from the town of Amherst, New York east of (Buffalo, New York).
 The mall is north of the junction of NY-78 with NY-5, and Main Street.
 The name "Eastern Hills" refers to the very low hills that contribute to a slightly higher elevation than the bordering areas along the Onondaga Escarpment.
 Eastern Hills Mall is part of a long commercial strip on Transit Road.
 It consists of two long wings running north and south and one short wing running east and west, which connects the north-south wings in a "double L-shaped" formation.
 A major department store is at the end of each wing.
 A food court is located adjacent to the end of the long south wing.
 A three-screen movie theater showing mainly independent films is also located in the mall, as well as a small New York State Department of Motor Vehicles office.
 Surrounding the mall is a large, but generally unkept, parking lot.
 The ratio of the mall is so large, it provides the highest parking ratio of any Buffalo area mall.
 Much of the parking lot space is leased to area car dealerships to store overstock vehicles due to the low volume of shoppers at the mall.
 Eastern Hills Mall is currently at approximately 70% occupancy, with many vacant stores throughout the mall and popular anchor store Dave & Busters shuttering its doors in 2015 to move to the nearby Walden Galleria.
 Eastern Hills is considered by many area residents to be a "dead mall" and is listed on the website Deadmalls.com.
 Most major and nationally recognized retailers have left and been replaced by independently owned "mom-and-pop" type stores, selling crafts and homemade goods.
 It is common for retailers to open and close within their first few months, unable to turn a profit due to the low volume of shoppers that still visit Eastern Hills Mall.
Citadel Mall, one of the largest shopping malls in the state, is a regional 1138527 sqft shopping mall located in Charleston, South Carolina, United States.
 It opened on July 29, 1981 and is located at the intersection of Sam Rittenberg Boulevard (SC Hwy.
 7) and I-526.
 The mall features more than 100 stores, including six anchor stores: the area's largest Belk and Dillard's department stores, Dick's Sporting Goods, Sears and the region's first Target that was recently remodeled to include a new "Fresh Grocery" section.
 On September 1, 2013 the mall went into foreclosure after then owner CBL & Associates Properties defaulted on mortgage payments and it was purchased at auction by the lender in January 2014.
 After the auction, the mall was placed under the ownership of a holding company formed by the lender, 2070 Sam Rittenberg Boulevard Holdings LLC and as of January 2017 was under contract to be sold to an undisclosed buyer.
Halloween Adventure Stores (also known as Masquerade, LLC) is a retail store chain specializing in Halloween-related merchandise, they are one of the world's largest costuming companies and arguably the largest chain store specializing in Halloween in the United States.
 The company was founded in 1981 by brothers Bruce and Darron Goldman in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and has locations in Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Florida, and California.
 In 2006 there were over 120 "seasonal stores", using temporary locations in shopping malls that were vacated for seasonal short-term rentals.
 Halloween Adventure sells a variety of costumes, masks, makeup, props, hats and other accessories for adults and children.
 They also sell online as they found costumers would brouse in-store then search online for the best pricing.
 Its main competition for this group is Halloween Thrills.
Spirit Halloween LLC is a seasonal retailer that supplies Halloween decorations, costumes and accessories.
 It was founded in 1983 and is based in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
 In 1999, the store had 60 seasonal locations and was purchased by Spencer Gifts.
Rolling Acres Mall was a retail mall located in the Rolling Acres area of Akron, Ohio, United States.
 Built in 1975 and expanded several times in its history, it once comprised more than 140 stores, including five anchor stores, a movie theater and a food court.
 The mall closed on October 31, 2008, leaving only two of its anchor stores in operation, Sears and JCPenney.
 In January 2011, Sears announced their store would close: the Sears store closed in April 2011, while JCPenney converted remaining outlets to "JC's 5 Star Outlet" stores.
 In 2013, JCPenney announced that it would close all remaining "JC's Five Star Outlet" stores, including the store at Rolling Acres.
 The store shut its doors on December 31, 2013, leaving the mall vacant of retail stores.
 The mall currently houses Storage of America and Pinnacle Recycling.
 One of the mall's dilapidated entrances appears as the cover art to The Black Keys' single "Gold on the Ceiling".
 The mall has been nicknamed "Rotting Acres Mall" during its years of abandonment, in reference to the large amount of black mold growing throughout the mall, and the deterioration of the mall since it closed down.
The Crossings at Northwest, formerly Northwest Plaza, was a shopping mall located in St. Ann, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
 The mall comprised nearly 1770000 sqft of gross leasable area, making it the 27th largest mall in the United States according to the International Council of Shopping Centers prior to its closure.
 With a total of 1900000 sqft of enclosed space, it was the largest enclosed mall in the state of Missouri.
 The mall featured nine anchor stores and more than 210 stores at its peak.
 It is currently owned by St. Ann Shopping Center, LLC.
 The current plans for the mall include a total demolition, and rebuilding into a lifestyle center.
 At the end of 2010, it became the second St Louis area mall to permanently close since 2006.
 The first was St. Louis Centre.
 Redevelopment of the site begun, including massive demolition and reconstruction, as well as the name change from Northwest Plaza to The Crossings at Northwest.
FedMart was a chain of discount department stores started by Sol Price, who later founded Price Club.
 His first location in San Diego, California was in a converted airport hangar.
 It was originally a discount department store open to government employees, who paid a membership fee of $2 per family.
 FedMart's first year was highly successful.
 Over the next 20 years Fedmart grew to include 45 stores in a chain that generated more than $300 million in annual sales.
 The business expanded to several states in the Southwest United States.
 Many stores were previous White Front or Two Guys locations.
 Price later sold two-thirds of the chain to Hugo Mann, a German retail chain, in 1975 and was forced out of his leadership position the following year.
 FedMart went out of business in 1982.
Walt Whitman Shops (formerly known as Walt Whitman Mall) is a luxury shopping mall located in Huntington Station, New York on Walt Whitman Road (Route 110) and New York Avenue.
 It has many stores including main anchors Bloomingdale's, Lord & Taylor, Macy's and Saks Fifth Avenue.
 The mall is owned and managed by Melvin Simon and Associates, one of the largest developers of shopping malls in the United States and owner of Long Island's largest mall, Roosevelt Field in Garden City.
 Suffolk County Transit, Nassau Inter-County Express and Huntington Area Rapid Transit all have bus routes that service the mall.
Spencer Gifts LLC, doing business as Spencer's, is a North American mall retailer with over 600 stores in the United States and Canada.
 Their stores specialize in novelty and gag gifts, and also sell clothing, band merchandise, sex toys, room decor, collectible figures, fashion and body jewelry, and fantasy and horror items.
 The company also owns and operates a seasonal retailer, Spirit Halloween.
A warehouse store or warehouse supermarket is a food and grocery retailer that operates stores geared toward offering deeper discounted prices than a traditional supermarket.
 These stores offer a no-frills experience and warehouse shelving stocked well with merchandise intended to move at higher volumes.
 Unlike warehouse clubs, warehouse stores do not require a membership or membership fees. Warehouse stores also offer a selection of merchandise sold in bulk, Typically warehouse stores are laid out in a logical format which leads people a certain way around the store to the checkout.
 As one enters the store they are directed down an aisle of discounted special buys when entering the store.
 From there the layout typically then leads to the fresh Produce followed by the Deli at the back of the store.
 Also included bakery and other departments similar to other supermarkets.
 Another typical feature of these stores is that the customer bags their own groceries which also helps to reduce the overall cost.
 Many warehouse stores are operated by traditional grocery chains both as a way to attract lower income, value conscious consumers and to maximize their buying power in order to lower costs at their mainstream stores.
 Notable examples of corporations who operate warehouse stores include United States chains Kroger and Albertsons LLC and the smaller Sacramento-based Nugget Market.
 However, WinCo Foods is an exception as it is a warehouse chain of its own and not part of a larger chain of traditional supermarkets like A&P, Safeway, Kroger, or Supervalu.
