Hyderabad is an important seat of learning in southern India.
 The city hosts two central universities, three deemed universities, and six state universities.
 Osmania University is one of the oldest universities in India.
 Many institutes for education like University of Hyderabad, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, International Institute of Information Technology, Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderabad, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research,Hyderabad, Icfai University, Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani – Hyderabad and medical colleges like Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences are located there.
 Also based in the city are the Institute of Public Enterprise and the National Academy of Legal Studies & Research (NALSAR).
 Hyderabad has various research institutes such as the Indian Institute of Chemical Technology, Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology.
 It is also the home of Maulana Azad National Urdu University as well as Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Open University.
 This educational infrastructure attracts students from all over India and some international students (especially from Africa and the Middle East).
 Most prolific business school in India Nmims is also expanding its roots in Hyderabad.
Mirpur University of Science & Technology (میرپور یونیورسٹی براۓ سائنس اور ٹیکنولوجی) (MUST) was formerly a constituent college of University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir as University College of Engineering & Technology Mirpur (UCET Mirpur).
 It is a state university and the President of Azad Jammu & Kashmir is the Chancellor of the university.
 The Vice-Chancellor is the executive head and manages the university functions.
The Commonwealth System of Higher Education is a statutory designation by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania that confers "state-related" status on four universities located within the state.
 The designation establishes the schools as an "instrumentality of the commonwealth" and provides each university with annual, non-preferred financial appropriations in exchange offering tuition discounts to students that are residents of Pennsylvania and a minority state-representation on each school's board of trustees.
 Legally, however, the universities remain separate and private entities, operating under their own charters, governed by independent boards of trustees, and with its assets under their own ownership and control thereby retaining much of the freedom and individuality of private institutions, both administratively and academically.
 It is the only public-private hybrid system of higher education in the United States that is so construed, although Cornell University, the University of Delaware, and Rutgers University represent alternative types of public-private university hybrids.
Within the French University "Pierre et Marie Curie" (Paris VI) there is an engineering school offering courses backed by research laboratories and leading to a state-recognised degree.
 The Polytech'Paris-UPMC is a member of the Polytech' Network, which is a network of 11 graduate engineering schools within France's leading science universities located in Marseille, Nantes, Montpellier, Nice, Grenoble, Paris, Chambéry, Clermont-Ferrand, Orléans, Tours and Lille.
The East Pole–West Pole divide in the fields of cognitive psychology and cognitive neuroscience is an intellectual schism between researchers subscribing to the nativist and empiricist schools of thought.
 The term arose from the fact that much of the theory and research supporting nativism, modularity of mind, and computational theory of mind originated at several universities located on the East Coast, including Harvard University, the University of Michigan, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Tufts University.
 Conversely, much of the research and theory supporting empiricism, emergentism, and embodied cognition originated at several universities located on the West Coast, including the University of California, Berkeley, the Salk Institute, and, most notably, the University of California, San Diego.
 In reality, the divide is not so clear, with many universities and scholars on both coasts (as well as the Midwest and around the world) supporting each position, as well as more moderate positions in between the two extremes.
 The phrase was coined by Jerry Fodor at an MIT conference on cognition, at which he referred to another researcher as a "West Coast theorist," apparently unaware that the researcher worked at Yale University.
The Bond Market Association (TBMA, previously Public Securities Association or PSA until 1997) was the international trade association for the bond market industry.
 It had headquarters in New York City and offices in London and Washington, D.C. Twenty per cent of the membership was located outside the United States, while 70 per cent was located outside New York City.
 TBMA acted as a global voice for bond issuers and traders, and co-ordinated with governments, corporations, and investors.
 It also had a code of ethics, which required members to behave in a fashion of fairness.
 On November 1, 2006, The Bond Market Association merged with the Securities Industry Association to form the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association.
Massachusetts International Academy (Simplified Chinese: 美国麻省国际学院, Traditional Chinese: 美國麻省國際學院, Pinyin: "Měiguó Máshěng Guójì Xuéyuàn") is a college preparatory school positioning high school and university graduates from China for success in United States’ colleges and universities located in Marlborough, Massachusetts.
 It was the first boarding school designed for Chinese students who intend to attend U.S. universities.
Otronicon (Orlando Electronic Interactive Convention) is an electronic gaming and simulation conference.
 The first annual convention was held at the Orlando Science Center in Orlando, Florida, United States in January 2006.
 The fourth annual event was held January 16-20th, 2009 at the Orlando Science Center.
 Events included tournaments, workshops, retro gaming including a small version of the Videotopia videogame history museum exhibit, gaming movies, and simulations.
 The event in 2009 was sponsored by Full Sail University, a programming and gaming-development university located outside of Orlando, FL.
 Otronicon ran for ten days in its inaugural show.
 It was also held at the Orlando Science Center during the 2007 and 2008 convention.
 It contained such game systems as the following: Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, Guitar Hero, and many Flight Simulators such as Helicopters, Cars, and the Original Microsoft Flight Simulator.
 The 2013 convention took place on January 18–21, 2013.
Venezuela has a wide array of universities, offering courses in a broad variety of subjects, spread between a total 23 public and 24 private universities located across several states.
 As a result of a Royal Decree signed by Philip V of Spain, the Central University of Venezuela—the country's oldest—was founded in 1721 as "Universidad Real y Pontificia de Caracas".
 The campus was originally at the now-known "Palacio de las Academias" but, in 1944, president Isaías Medina Angarita relocated it to the University City of Caracas.
Bangladesh University of Business and Technology (Bengali: বাংলাদেশ ইউনিভার্সিটি অফ বিজনেস অ্যান্ড টেকনোলজি ) or BUBT is one of the eight private universities to receive the green Signal from the government, located in Mirpur, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
 The university was established under the Private University Act 1992.
 BUBT is regulated by the Bangladesh University Grants Commission (UGC).
