"Cheeky Song (Touch My Bum)" is a 2002 single by "" contestants The Cheeky Girls.
 The song was released on 9 December 2002, while the show was still running, and was later included on their debut album "PartyTime".
 It spent four non-consecutive weeks at number two in the UK Singles Chart in December 2002 and January 2003.
 The song was also successful in the Netherlands, Belgium (Flanders) and Japan where it hit the top ten; however, it was less successful in Australia where it entered the chart at a peak of 59, and did not chart at all in either Canada or the United States.
 The single sold over a million copies.
 Despite its success, the song was voted the worst pop record of all time in a Channel 4 poll, in January 2004.
The discography of American rapper Big Boi consists of three studio albums, one mixtape, twenty-two singles, five promotional singles and twenty-five music videos. Big Boi initially achieved success as a member of the hip hop duo Outkast with fellow rapper André 3000; they have recorded and released six studio albums together, and their singles "Ms. Jackson", "Hey Ya!
" and "The Way You Move" have all topped the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 In 1995, Big Boi made a guest appearance on the single "Dirty South" by American hip hop group Goodie Mob, which peaked at number 92 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 During the late 1990s and early 2000s, he made several other appearances on commercially successful singles, including "All n My Grill" by rapper Missy Elliott, "A.D.I.D.A.S." by rapper Killer Mike and "Girlfight" by singer Brooke Valentine; these songs charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Chase the Clouds is a 1991 album performed by Keedy, an American pop rock singer.
 It was her only studio album and released on Arista Records.
 The album included two singles, "Save Some Love" and "Wishing on the Same Star".
 The first single peaked at #15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, and the second single charted in #86 on the Hot 100.
 The latter was covered by the Australian pop group Girlfriend's 1994 single, as well as the American singer Judy Cheeks's 1996 album cut and the Japanese solo singer Namie Amuro's 2002 single.
"Sk8er Boi" ( , "skater boy") is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, released as the second single from her debut album, "Let Go" (2002).
 It was written by Avril Lavigne and The Matrix (Scott Spock, Lauren Christy, and Graham Edwards), and produced by The Matrix.
 The song is a power pop and pop punk track, which lyrically, tells a story told from the singer's viewpoint about her rocker boyfriend and a girl he knew in high school who rejected him because he was a skateboarder and she was a snob.
Dance for Me is a remix album by American recording artist Mary J. Blige.
 Released in the United States on August 13, 2002 by MCA Records, the album contains remixes from her previously released three albums "Share My World" (1997), "Mary" (1999) and "No More Drama" (2001).
 Named after Blige's same-titled 2002 single, it includes rare dance remixes, produced by Al B. Rich, Curtis Moore, Hex Hector, Junior Vasquez, and Thunderpuss.
"Mama Told Me" is a song by American rapper Big Boi featuring singer Kelly Rowland, taken from his second studio album "Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors" (2012).
 Co-written by Swedish synth-pop group Little Dragon, who appeared on the original version of the song, it is a 1980s electro funk record that serves as an ode to Big Boi's mother.
 Production on the song was handled by The Flush, while co-production was handled by Chris Carmouche and Big Boi.
 Released as the album's lead single, it failed to chart or sell noticeably but reached number eight on the German Black Chart.
 It is also featured on the soundtrack of the video game .
Özgürlük İçimizde ("Freedom Is Within Us") is a 2002 single by the Turkish pop singer Tarkan.
 It was released as part of a Turkish gsm company Turkcell's ad campaign and wasn't sold in stores separately.
 The campaign consisted of TV adverts, calendar and phone card designs, using the concept that a phone enables a person to travel free in nature and still keep in touch.
 This single was only released in cassette format.
Marie Claire D'Ubaldo is an Argentine singer / musician and a prolific songwriter; she has appeared as a guest vocalist on many albums.
 She had her biggest success with "Falling Into You" which was covered by Celine Dion, who also named her album after the single.
 Dion's album has sold well in excess of 30 million albums worldwide.
A TV track is usually a song or a musical sequence used as background music during a scene or visual sequence on television (i.e., commercials or television shows).
 If a song has vocals, part of the vocals may be removed for voice-overs or dialogue, while the instrumental track is left intact.
 Some notable examples are the songs: "Complicated", "Sk8er Boi", "I'm With You", and "Losing Grip" from the Japanese special bonus edition of the 2002 album "Let Go" by Avril Lavigne, or "Ready to Uff" from the 2006 EP "Pop the Glock/Ready to Uff", and "Brand New Car" from the 2007 single "F1rst Love", both by Uffie, all used as TV tracks.
Durt Boi, born Brandon Townsend, is an American hip hop/rap VEVO artist, based in Memphis, Tennessee.
 Durt Boi started his music attempts at the age of 9.
 Hailing from the tough streets of the Riverside community in South Memphis, Durt Boi had to overcome many struggles and hardships, such as his father being incarcerated when he was only 9 years old.
 After suffering from the devastating blow of his father receiving a life sentence, Durt had to adapt to the instability of bouncing from home to home between his mother, grandma, and aunt.
 Longing for that missing void in his life from the absence of his father, Durt enlisted in the Military service after graduating high school.
 According to PledgeMusic, after serving a tour in Iraq, Durt was stationed at Ft. Lewis in Seattle (Tacoma), WA.
 Realizing he had a true talent with music, Durt and two friends started the group, “The Durty Boiz.”
 From ’05 – ‘09 the group released two albums, “The Connection” and “Durty Dolla: 1st Deposit.”
