The 1991–92 NBA season was the 46th season for the Boston Celtics in the National Basketball Association.
 This marked the final NBA season for All-Star forward Larry Bird, who missed nearly half of the season games due to a nagging back injury.
 However, one of the season highlights was a 49-point performance from Bird in a nationally televised double-overtime win over eventual Western Conference champion Portland Trail Blazers.
 It was the most points for Bird since February 15, 1988, when he scored 49 at Phoenix Suns.
 Bird was also selected for the 1992 NBA All-Star Game along with Reggie Lewis, but did not play due to injury.
Matthew James "Matt" Prior (born 26 February 1982) is a former English international cricketer who played for England in Test cricket and for Sussex in domestic cricket.
 He was a wicket-keeper, and his aggressive right-handed batting enabled him to open the innings in ODI matches, even when he made very limited appearance in shorter forms of the game.
 With an international Test debut score of 126, Prior became the first English wicket-keeper to hit a century in his debut match in early 2007.
 His glovework, however, was criticised.
 Despite a successful tour of Sri Lanka with the bat, Prior's keeping was less successful, and he was dropped from the team for the 2008 tour of New Zealand.
 He returned for the 2008 series against South Africa, and was retained into 2009, where he became the second-fastest England keeper to reach 1,000 Test runs, behind Les Ames.
 In his role as wicketkeeper, Prior has been described as 'a big talker behind the stumps' but has argued that this approach is different from the behaviour that saw him criticised during the 2007 tour by India; 'Ninety-five percent of the time, my chat is about geeing up our bowlers and the fielding unit.'
 He retired in June 2015 from all forms of professional cricket due to a recurring Achilles tendon injury.
Felisberto Sebastião da Graça Amaral, more commonly known as Gilberto (born 21 September 1982), is a retired Angolan footballer.
 He was formerly playing for Egypt's Al-Ahly and then played for Belgian club Lierse S.K..
 He suffered a knee injury that lasted about a year.
 He was the first choice left winger.
 He came from Angola team AS Luanda and is in the Angolan team.
 An Achilles tendon injury made him miss the 2006 African Cup of Nations and the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany.
 He was part of the Angolan national team during the 2008 African Cup of Nations in Ghana.
Tendinitis (also tendonitis), meaning inflammation of a tendon, is a type of tendinopathy often confused with the more common tendinosis, which has similar symptoms but requires different treatment.
 (The suffix "-itis" denotes diseases characterized by inflammation.)
 The term tendinitis is generally reserved for tendon injuries that involve larger-scale acute injuries accompanied by inflammation.
 Tendinitis is typically referred to in combination with the body part involved, such as Achilles tendinitis (affecting the Achilles tendon), or patellar tendinitis (jumper's knee, affecting the patellar tendon).
The 1977–78 NBA season was the Braves' eighth and final season in the NBA.
 Entering the season, the Braves were allowed an escape clause in their lease, because season ticket sales did not reach the set goal of 4,500.
 The Braves suffered another disappointment as Tiny Archibald (whom they acquired from the New Jersey Nets for George Johnson) was lost for the year due to an Achilles tendon injury in the preseason.
The 1991–92 NBA season was the Hawks' 43rd season in the National Basketball Association, and 24th season in Atlanta.
 During the offseason, the Hawks acquired Maurice Cheeks from the New York Knicks.
 The Hawks had a complete change of guards turning over their backcourt to second-year guard Rumeal Robinson, and top draft pick Stacey Augmon out of UNLV.
 However, with a 22–20 record in late January, Dominique Wilkins ruptured his achilles tendon and was out for the remainder of the season.
 Without Wilkins, the Hawks would lose 24 of their final 40 games, including a 7-game losing streak.
 They finished fifth in the Central Division with a 38–44 record, missing the playoffs and losing a tie-breaker for the #8 seed in the Eastern Conference to the Miami Heat.
Achilles tendon rupture is when the achilles tendon tears.
 The achilles is the most commonly injured tendon.
 Rupture can occur while performing actions requiring explosive acceleration, such as pushing off or jumping.
 The male to female ratio for Achilles tendon rupture varies between 7:1 and 4:1 across various studies.
The 1996–97 NBA season was the Pacers' 21st season in the National Basketball Association, and 30th season as a franchise.
 During the offseason, the Pacers acquired Jalen Rose from the Denver Nuggets.
 Injuries and sluggish play would hamper the Pacers all season long as Rik Smits only played just 52 games due to a foot injury, and Derrick McKey appeared in just 50 games due to a ruptured Achilles tendon.
 They missed the playoffs for the first time in eight years with a disappointing 39–43 record, sixth in the Central Division.
 Reggie Miller averaged 21.6 points per game and led the league with 229 three-point field goals.
 At midseason, the Pacers brought back playmaker Mark Jackson in exchange for Eddie Johnson after a brief stint with the Denver Nuggets.
 Jackson would remain with the Pacers until 2000, where the team reached the NBA Finals.
 He also led the league with 11.4 assists per game.
John Reilly (born 21 March 1962 in Dundee) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a striker.
 Reilly began his career with Dundee United, signing as a schoolboy from Strathtay Boys Club in 1979.
 Played for Scotland U'17s and U'18's professional youth side before making his 1st team debut in August 1980.
 Was a member of the squad that won a Premier League Winners medal in season 1982/1983 before going onto score the clubs 1st ever goal in the European Cup the following season.
 Signing for Motherwell in 1985, Reilly suffered an achilles tendon injury in his 1st game for the club and despite seeing several specialists over the next 18 months was forced into early retirement.
 After revolutionary surgery 5 years later however, he was able to continue playing and went on to play a handful of games for a number of Scottish lower league clubs, including Dunfermline Athletic and East Fife, while taking on a player/manager role at Cowdenbeath F.C.
Ricky Bibey (born February 9, 1981 in Leigh) is an English rugby league footballer who played in the 2000s an 2010s, playing at representative level for England 'A', and at club level for Wigan Warriors, Leigh Centurions (three times), St. Helens, Oldham Roughyeds, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats (Heritage № 1253), as a prop , or second-row .
 He was forced to retire in May 2012 as a result of an achilles tendon injury.
