WHJC is a Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Matewan, West Virginia, serving Matewan, Central Mingo County, West Virginia and Northeastern Pike County, Kentucky.
 WHJC is owned and operated by Evelyn Warren, through licensee Coalfields Society Foundation Inc.
WKJN is a Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Centreville, Mississippi, serving Wilkinson and Amite counties in Mississippi and East Feliciana Parish in Louisiana.
 The station is owned and operated by Charles W. Dowdy, debtor-in-possession, following the September 2011 bankruptcy filing by Southwest Broadcasting, Inc.
WLQM is a Black Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Franklin, Virginia, serving Franklin, Eastern Southampton County, Virginia and Southern Isle of Wight County, Virginia.
 WLQM is owned and operated by Franklin Broadcasting Corporation.
WAVN is a Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Southaven, Mississippi, serving Metro Memphis.
 WAVN is owned and operated by Flinn Broadcasting.
WAKK was a gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to McComb, Mississippi, serving South-Central Mississippi.
 The station was owned and operated by Charles W. Dowdy, debtor-in-possession, following the September 2011 bankruptcy filing by Southwest Broadcasting, Inc.
WBLB is a Southern Gospel and Black Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Pulaski, Virginia, serving Pulaski and Pulaski County, Virginia.
 WBLB is owned and operated by WBLB, Inc.
WBTX is a Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Broadway-Timberville, Virginia, serving Northern Rockingham County and Southern Shenandoah County in Virginia.
 WBTX is owned and operated by WBTX Radio, LLC.
WUCG-LP is a Christian Music, Southern Gospel, and Bluegrass Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Blairsville, Georgia, serving Blairsville and Union County, Georgia.
 WUCG-LP is owned and operated by The Missionary Quartermaster, Inc.
WVRS is a Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Gore, Virginia, serving Western Frederick County, Virginia and Eastern Hampshire County, West Virginia.
 WVRS is owned and operated by Point FM Ministries, Inc.
WHBK is a Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Marshall, North Carolina, serving Madison County, North Carolina and Northern Buncombe County, North Carolina.
 WHBK is owned and operated by Seay Broadcasting Company.
