The Los Trigos Land Grant was established in the very early 19th century.
 The grant is situated on the Pecos River in San Miguel County, New Mexico about 29 miles south west of Santa Fe and 38 miles west of Las Vegas via I-25.
 The "communities" within the grant were Los Trigos itself, Pajarito and Las Ruedas.
 Of the three, only Pajarito remains with a few buildings visible from I-25 a couple of miles south of Rowe, New Mexico.
 The grant never had any other communities and itself was sandwiched between the Pecos Pueblo Indian Grant on the north and The San Miguel del Bado Land Grant on the South.
Pecos ( ) is the largest city in and the county seat of Reeves County, Texas, United States.
 It is in the valley on the west bank of the Pecos River at the eastern edge of the Chihuahuan Desert, in the Trans-Pecos region of west Texas and just below New Mexico's border.
 The population was 8,780 at the 2010 census.
 On January 24, 2012, Pecos City appeared on the Forbes 400 as the second fastest-growing small town in the United States.
 The city is a regional commercial center for ranching, oil and gas production and agriculture.
 The city is most recognized for its association with the local cultivation of cantaloupes. Pecos claims to be the site of the world's first rodeo on July 4, 1883.
Langtry is an unincorporated community in Val Verde County, Texas, United States.
 The community is notable as the place where Judge Roy Bean, the "Law West of the Pecos", had his saloon and practiced law.
Horsehead Crossing is a ford on the Pecos River in Crane County, southeast of Odessa, Texas.
 Historically, it was a major landmark on the trail west as one of a few fordable sections of the Pecos in West Texas, and as the first reliable source of water for about 75 miles on the route from the east.
Judge Roy Bean is a syndicated American western television series starring Edgar Buchanan as the legendary Kentucky-born Judge Roy Bean, a Texas justice of the peace known as "The Law West of the Pecos".
Patrick March Dearen (born May 1, 1951) is an author of 20 books of Western fiction and history.
 His newest release, the 2012 novel, "To Hell or the Pecos", is set along a desolate, 79-mile section of the Butterfield Trail in the Pecos River country of West Texas.
 "To Hell or the Pecos" is the 2014 winner of the Elmer Kelton Book Award from the West Texas Historical Association.
Pecos is a village in San Miguel County, New Mexico, United States.
 The population was 1,441 at the 2000 census, growing much faster than in other parts of San Miguel County, partly because Pecos is within commuting distance of Santa Fe.
 The village is built along the Pecos River, which flows from the north out of the Santa Fe National Forest.
 Notable locations nearby include Pecos National Historical Park, Glorieta Pass, Pecos Benedictine Monastery, and Lisboa Springs Trout Hatchery.
 It is also an entry point for hunting, fishing, hiking and camping in the Pecos Wilderness.
 The closest metropolitan area is the Santa Fe metropolitan area, approximately 26 miles (42 km) to the west.
The Yates Oil Field is a giant oil field in the Permian Basin of west Texas.
 Primarily in extreme southeastern Pecos County, it also stretches under the Pecos River and partially into Crockett County.
 Iraan, on the Pecos River and directly adjacent to the field, is the nearest town.
 The field has produced more than one billion barrels of oil, making it one of the largest in the United States, and in 2009 it remains productive, though at a diminished rate.
 Since fracturing has exploded in the Permian Basin, the Yates field has seen very heavy activity in the past 3 years.
 Estimated recoverable reserves are still approximately one billion barrels, which represents approximately 50% of the original oil in place (OOIP).
Leaving of Pecos was originally a camping place along the west bank of the Pecos River, on the wagon road called the Lower Emigrant Road, Military Road or San Antonio-El Paso Road in Texas.
 It was located 38 miles north of the Lancaster Crossing of the Pecos, and 16 miles east of the first crossing of Escondido Creek.
 It was also located a mile north of where the wagon road had its junction with a cutoff to the north to the wagon road called the Upper Emigrant Road between Fredricksburg, Texas and Comanche Springs, now Fort Stockton, Texas, where it joined the Lower Emigrant Road.
 It was later a stopping place on the route of San Antonio - El Paso Mail and the San Antonio-San Diego Mail Line.
Phantly Roy Bean, Jr. (c. 1825 – March 16, 1903) was an eccentric U.S. saloon-keeper and Justice of the Peace in Val Verde County, Texas, who called himself "The Law West of the Pecos".
 According to legend, Judge Roy Bean held court in his saloon along the Rio Grande on a desolate stretch of the Chihuahuan Desert of southwest Texas.
 After his death, Western films and books cast him as a hanging judge, although he is known to have sentenced only two men to hang, one of whom escaped.
