Our Shining Moment is a 1991 television family drama film directed by Mark Tinker and starring Cindy Pickett, Max Gail and Don Ameche.
 It was intended as a pilot for a series which was never produced.
 It was broadcast on NBC on June 2, 1991.
Star Trek: The Animated Series (originally known simply as Star Trek but also known as "The Animated Adventures of Gene Roddenberry's Star Trek") is a 1973 animated science fiction television series set in the "Star Trek" universe following the events of "" of the 1960s.
 The animated series was aired under the name Star Trek, but it has become widely known under this longer name (or abbreviated as "ST: TAS" or "TAS") to differentiate it from the original live-action "."
 The success of the original live action series in syndication, and fan pressure for a "Star Trek" revival, led to "The Animated Series" from 1973–1974, as the source of new adventures of the "Enterprise" crew, the next being the 1979 live-action feature film "".
Mariana Ximenes do Prado Nuzzi (born April 26, 1981) is a Brazilian actress.
 Her first role was in the telenovela "Fascinação" in 1998 where she portrayed the role of Emília Gouveia.
 In the same year she played the role of Ruth Stern in the film "Caminho dos Sonhos".
 In 2000, she played in "Uga-Uga" portraying "Bionda".
 This role rise to prominence as she became widely known in Brazil and internationally.
 Later in 2001, she offered her services in the Portuguese voice over translation in the Canadian/Chinese animated series "Braceface", for the character Sharon Spitz.
 She later played the protagonist in "Cobras & Lagartos" in 2006 and Lara in "A Favorita", later in 2008.
 In 2010, she portrayed her first villainous role in the critically acclaimed telenovela "Passione".
 Since 2010 she has appeared in several telenovelas, television series, films and theatre performances.
 In 2016, she is slated to star in the successor of "Totalmente Demais", "Haja Coração", together with Malvino Salvador.
Kayla Brady is a fictional character on the NBC daytime soap opera "Days of Our Lives".
 She made her first appearance in 1982.
 Kayla was created by Pat Falken Smith as one of the original members of the Brady family, a fictional family on the serial.
 She is widely known for her popular pairing with Steve Johnson.
 This relationship gave the couple the title of a famous super couple.
 Kayla was described as being the "good" girl of the serial.
 During her time on "Days of our Lives", Kayla was extremely well received by television critics.
 Kayla Brady Johnson is one of the six Brady children.
 She is the daughter of the late Shawn Brady and Caroline Brady.
 She is the sister of Roman and Kimberly Brady, the half-sister of Bo Brady, and the sister of adopted brothers Frankie and Max Brady.
 She has been married three times, to Jack Deveraux and twice to Steve Johnson.
 Steve and Kayla have two children, a daughter, Stephanie, and a son, Joey.
 Mary Beth Evans returned to "Days of Our Lives" for a short-stint on June 18, 2010, and then again on recurring status starting in December 2011.
Tanvi Hegde is an Indian film and television actress.
 Her family is from Karnataka.
 She started her career as a child actress in Hindi films and television series.
 She started her career at the age of 3 by winning the Rasna Baby contest and did a campaign for the same.
 She is widely known for her lead role of Frooti in the highly successful children's television serial "Son Pari", that aired on Star Plus.
 She also appeared in some episodes of another successful children's show "Shaka Laka Boom Boom", also on Star Plus.
 Hedge has been a part of more than 150 commercials.
Ronald Joseph Cicenia (December 11, 1935 – January 16, 2007), known as Ron Carey, was an American film and television actor.
 The 5 ft actor was best known for playing ambitious NYPD Police Officer Carl Levitt on TV's "Barney Miller", in which he was almost always surrounded by male actors (and sometimes female guest stars) who stood at least 4 in taller.
 The series' stars (Hal Linden, Max Gail, Abe Vigoda, Ron Glass, Steve Landesberg) all stood 6 ft or more.
 Carey appeared in the recurring role for the last six of the eight seasons of "Barney Miller"' s run.
 He first appeared on the show as a criminal, Angelo Molinari (aka The Mole), in Season 2, Episode 22.
Kinshuk Vaidya (born 5 April 1991) is an Indian film and television actor.
 He is widely known for his lead role of Sanju, a guy with a magical pencil, in the Star Plus's highly successful children's television series "Shaka Laka Boom Boom", which made him a household name and earned him critical praise.
 He also worked alongside Kajol, Ajay Devgn and Rishi Kapoor in the children's film "Raju Chacha" as Rahul Rai.
 Despite much anticipation, the film underperformed at the box-office.
 Vaidya made his comeback after more than a decade with the televion series "Ek Rishta Saajhedari Ka"playing the leading role of Aryan Sethia, the series airs on Sony TV.
 He also appeared in one of the episodes of the anthological series "Yeh Hai Aashiqui"that aired on Bindass.
Steven Ross Purcell (born 1961) is an American cartoonist, animator, director and game designer.
 He is most widely known as the creator of "Sam & Max", an independent comic book series about a pair of anthropomorphic animal vigilantes and private investigators, for which Purcell received an Eisner Award in 2007.
 Since being a comic, the series has grown to incorporate an animated television series and several video games.
 A graduate of the California College of Arts and Craft, Purcell began his career creating comic strips for the college newsletter.
 He performed freelance work for Marvel Comics and Fishwrap Productions before publishing his first "Sam & Max" comic in 1987.
 Purcell was hired by LucasArts as an artist and animator in 1988, working on several titles within the company's adventure games era.
Man Against the Mob (also known as "Trouble in the City of Angels") is a 1988 NBC television movie directed by Steven Hilliard Stern, starring George Peppard, Kathryn Harrold and Max Gail.
 "Man Against the Mob" is a precursor of the 2013 theatrical feature "Gangster Squad", in that it deals with the post-war formation of a special LAPD unit set up to suppress Organized Crime in Los Angeles.
 It may have been inspired by the success of the 1987 theatrical feature "The Untouchables", a period drama which also depicted an elite law enforcement unit pitted against mobsters.
 This was designed around the actor George Peppard as a tough LA cop in the late 1940s.
 A 1989 TV-movie followup, "Man Against the Mob: The Chinatown Murders" is a sequel that also stars Peppard.
 The first movie was a pilot of a proposed NBC series entitled "City of Angels" but ended up panning out as only the two TV movies before George Peppard died in 1994.
Somebody's Daughter is a 1992 television film starring Nicollette Sheridan, Nick Mancuso, Boyd Kestner, Michael Cavanaugh, Max Gail and Richard Lineback.
 It was directed by Joseph Sargent and written by Lauren Currier.
