Piaski (Ukrainian: Піски , "Pisky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
 It lies approximately 8 km east of Radymno, 18 km east of Jarosław, and 66 km east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Liszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
 It lies approximately 8 km east of Repki, 18 km east of Sokołów Podlaski, and 104 km east of Warsaw.
Czerniawka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
 It lies approximately 8 km east of Laszki, 23 km east of Jarosław, and 72 km east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Kwasy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
 It lies approximately 8 km east of Zbuczyn, 21 km east of Siedlce, and 107 km east of Warsaw.
Suchodół Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
 It lies approximately 8 km east of Mordy, 24 km east of Siedlce, and 111 km east of Warsaw.
Sinołęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
 It lies approximately 8 km east of Kałuszyn, 25 km east of Mińsk Mazowiecki, and 63 km east of Warsaw.
Witton is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
 It is located 8 km east of the town of North Walsham and 30 km north of the city of Norwich.
 It should not be confused with the quite different Norfolk village of similar name in the parish of Postwick with Witton, some 8 km east of Norwich.
Ostrowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
 It lies approximately 8 km east of Repki, 17 km east of Sokołów Podlaski, and 103 km east of Warsaw.
Godziejewo (German: "Rehfeld" ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
 It lies approximately 8 km north of Wieliczki, 8 km east of Olecko, and 142 km east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Khanozai Khushab is a village in Pishin District, tehsil Karezat.
 It is almost 70 km east the capital city of Balochistan, Quetta and about 8 km away from the small city of Khanozai.
The village named as khushab is situated in tehsel karezat district pishin khanozai .
 the village is approximately 70 km away from the capital city of balochistan quetta and nearly 8 km away from the small attractive city khanozai.
 this village is having some natural beauty in the shape of a 24 hours flowing karez situated in the upper side of the village which has elevated and promoted the natural exquisiteness and gorgeousness of the village <khushab> .
 if you take the past phase or age of this village , you would always find unawareness, illiteracy and witlessness because of the atmosphere and milieu they had at that time.
 but now the consciousness , mindfulness and alertness has been originated and established in the new race and spirit.
