Motown is an American record company.
 The record company was founded by Berry Gordy Jr. as Tamla Records on January 12, 1959, and was incorporated as Motown Record Corporation on April 14, 1960, in Detroit, Michigan.
 The name, a portmanteau of "motor" and "town", has also become a nickname for Detroit.
 Motown played an important role in the racial integration of popular music as an African American-owned record label that achieved significant crossover success.
 In the 1960s, Motown and its subsidiary labels (including Tamla Motown, the brand used outside the US) were the most successful proponents of what came to be known as the Motown Sound, a style of soul music with a distinct pop influence.
 During the 1960s, Motown achieved spectacular success for a small record company: 79 records in the Top Ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100 record chart between 1960 and 1969.
Springtime!
 is a boutique entertainment company established in the UK in 1977 and based in the United States since 1983.
 The company's activities encompass film, TV, radio, record and stage show production, entertainment marketing & publicity and talent management.
 The company has produced and marketed audio recordings, films, TV specials and music videos.
 It is periodically active as a record company releasing its own audio productions and acquisitions.
David Courtney (born David Cohen) is a British singer-songwriter and record producer.
 Courtney's first big break was as a songwriter with Adam Faith and Leo Sayer; Courtney co-wrote several hit songs with them (including "Giving it All Away", recorded by both Sayer and Roger Daltrey) and he co-produced Faith's 1974 album, "I Survive".
 He released one album of his own on United Artists in 1974 entitled "David Courtney's First Day" which had some success on both sides of the Atlantic, and peaked at number 194 on the US "Billboard" 200.
Silverbird is the debut solo studio album by English singer-songwriter Leo Sayer.
 It was originally released in January 1974 by Chrysalis (UK), and Warner Bros. (US).
 It was co-produced by former British pop teen idol Adam Faith and David Courtney.
Louder Than Bombs is a compilation album by English rock band The Smiths.
 It was released as a double album in March 1987 by their American record company, Sire Records.
 It peaked at number 62 on the US "Billboard" 200 album chart.
 Popular demand prompted their British record company, Rough Trade, to issue the album domestically as well.
 Upon its release in the UK in May 1987, it reached number 38 on the British charts.
 In 2003, the album was ranked number 365 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
 The album was certified Gold by the RIAA in 1990.
The Roulettes were a British rock and roll group formed in London in 1962.
 They were shortly recruited to play as the backing group to singer Adam Faith, in order for him to compete with the beat bands then emerging from Merseyside.
 With Faith, they subsequently enjoyed a run of chart hits in the 1960s, billed as Adam Faith with The Roulettes on the Parlophone label.
 They backed Faith on the UK chart hits; 'The First Time', 'We Are in Love', 'I Love Being in Love With You', 'If He Tells You', and 'Someone's Taken Maria Away' (between 1964–65) In 1962, The Roulettes signed with Pye Records and began releasing their own material, in 1963 they switched to the same label as Adam Faith, (Parlophone) but none of their singles reached the charts.
 Their only album 'Stakes And Chips' was released in 1965 with similar success.
 As well as backing Adam Faith on record, they accompanied him on tour until October 1965, most notably backing him on a 'Live' album.
 Early in 1967 they joined the Philips Fontana label but still the charts eluded them, although they toured Europe until later that year when the group split up.
Parlophone Records Limited (also known as Parlophone Records and Parlophone) is a German-British major record label founded in Germany in 1896 by the Carl Lindström Company as Parlophon.
 The British branch of the company was founded in 8 August 1923 as The Parlophone Co. Ltd., which developed a reputation in the 1920s as a leading jazz record label.
 On 5 October 1926, the Columbia Graphophone Company acquired Parlophone's business, name and release library, and later merged with the Gramophone Company on 31 March 1931 to become Electric & Musical Industries Limited (EMI).
 George Martin joined EMI in 1950 as assistant label manager, taking over as manager in 1955.
 Martin produced and released a mix of product including comedy recordings of The Goons, the pianist Mrs Mills, and teen idol Adam Faith.
Why is a board game from the late 1950s created by the Milton Bradley Company based on the television show Alfred Hitchcock Presents.
 The game is no longer produced.
 There are two different releases of the game: the original 1958 release and the 1967 release, differing only in the box art.
Adam's Hit Parade is an EP by Adam Faith, released in December 1960.
 The EP is a 7-inch vinyl record and released in mono with the catalogue number Parlophone Company, Ltd. GEP 8811.
 "Adam"s Hit Parade has the distinction of being the UK's number-one EP Number 1 EP on three different occasions.
 It first reached the number on spot on December 17, 1960, but was bumped out a week later by Cliff Richard and The Shadows's "Cliff's Silver Discs."
.
 On January 21, 1961 Faith reclaimed the top spot, only to be evicted a week later by the Shadows' "The Shadows (EP)" EP which held the top slot until Faith regained it for a week on May 27, 1961.
American Record Corporation (ARC), also referred to as American Record Company, American Recording Corporation, or (erroneously) as ARC Records, was an American record company.
 It resulted from the merger in 1929 of three companies: the Cameo Record Corporation (which owned Cameo, Lincoln and Romeo Records), the Pathé Phonograph and Radio Corporation (which owned Actuelle, Pathé, and Perfect), and the Plaza Music Company (which owned Banner, Domino, Jewel, Oriole, and Regal).
