Isaac Campbell Kidd (March 26, 1884 – December 7, 1941) was an American Rear Admiral in the United States Navy.
 Kidd was killed on the bridge of USS "Arizona" during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
 He was the father of Admiral Isaac C. Kidd, Jr. He was a posthumous recipient of his nation's highest military honor—the Medal of Honor.
 The highest ranking casualty at Pearl Harbor, he became the first U.S. Navy flag officer killed in action in World War II as well as the first killed in action against any foreign enemy.
 A "Fletcher"-class destroyer , "Kidd" (DD-661) , was commissioned in his honor on April 23, 1943.
 The second ship named after him, "Kidd" (DDG-993) , lead ship of four "Kidd"-class destroyer s, was commissioned on March 27, 1981.
 An "Arleigh Burke"-class guided missile destroyer, "Kidd" (DDG-100) , was the third ship named after him and was commissioned on June 9, 2007.
Brigadier General Abel Davis was an officer in the Illinois National Guard.
 He was regarded as "the second highest ranking Jewish officer in the Illinois National Guard, and one of the highest ranking Jewish officers in the United States Army."
 He served in the 66th infantry.
Valedictorian is an academic title of success used in the United States, Canada, Central America, and the Philippines for the student who delivers the closing or farewell statement at a graduation ceremony (called a valediction).
 The chosen valedictorian is often the student with the highest ranking (highest Grade Point Average, or GPA for short) among their graduating class.
 The term is an Anglicised derivation of the Latin "vale dicere" ("to say farewell"), historically rooted in the valedictorian's traditional role as the final speaker at the graduation ceremony before the students receive their diplomas.
 So the valedictory address generally is considered a final farewell to classmates, before they disperse to pursue their individual paths after graduating.
"Man in the Rain" is a pop song written and performed by English multi-instrumentalist Mike Oldfield.
 It was included on the album "Tubular Bells III" and released as a single on 5 October 1998 by Warner Music.
 The vocals were performed by Irish folk singer Cara Dillon.
"Moonlight Shadow" is a song written and performed by English multi-instrumentalist Mike Oldfield, released as a single in May 1983 by Virgin Records, and included in the album "Crises" of the same year.
 The vocals were performed by Scottish vocalist Maggie Reilly, who had collaborated with Mike Oldfield since 1980.
 It is Oldfield's most successful single, reaching number one on a number of charts around Europe.
The University of Utah (also referred to as the U, U of U, or Utah) is a public coeducational space-grant research university in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.
 As the state's flagship university, the university offers more than 100 undergraduate majors and more than 92 graduate degree programs.
 The university is classified in the highest ranking: "R-1: Doctoral Universities – Highest Research Activity" by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education.
 The Carnegie Classification also considers the university as "selective", which is its second most selective admissions category.
 Graduate studies include the S.J. Quinney College of Law and the School of Medicine, Utah's only medical school.
 As of Fall 2015, there are 23,909 undergraduate students and 7,764 graduate students, for an enrollment total of 31,673.
William Short (1759–1849) was Thomas Jefferson's private secretary when Jefferson was a peace commissioner and then the United States Minister to France in Paris, from 1784 to 1789.
 Jefferson, later the third President of the United States, was a lifelong mentor and friend.
 In a 1789 letter, Jefferson referred to Short as his "adoptive son."
 Short was an early member and president (1778–1781) of Phi Beta Kappa at the College of William & Mary, was elected to Virginia's Executive Council in 1783–1784, served as America's chargé d'affaires in France during the French Revolution from 1789–1792, was then appointed as America's Minister to the Netherlands and as a treaty commissioner to Spain.
 (The United States did not have ambassadors until 1893.
 Until that time, the highest ranking diplomats were known as ministers.)
 Although his diplomatic career was not as celebrated or long as Short may have wished, and his love affair with a French noblewoman ended with her marrying another man, Short was a successful businessman and an opponent of slavery who died very wealthy in America.
John F. Weston (November 13, 1845 – August 3, 1917) was a Union Army officer in the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during a raid on Confederate shipping.
 He was a brigadier general of United States Volunteers in the Spanish–American War.
 Weston retired from the U.S. regular army in 1909 as a major general.
 Having been assistant commissary general of subsistence and commissary general of subsistence from 1897 to 1905, including commissary general for the American forces in Cuba during the Spanish–American War, Weston finished his career as the highest ranking U.S. Army officer in the Philippines and, in the last year of his service, as commander of the Department of California.
Carlos M. Gomez is the current Chief of Department of the New York Police Department.
 A native of Cuba who emigrated to the United States as a young boy with his father, Gomez grew up in the New York City borough of Queens.
 He was designated Chief of Department of the NYPD on September 16, 2016.
 The Chief of Department is the highest uniformed position, and Gomez is the 39th person to hold this post becoming the highest ranking Hispanic officer in the department.
José Sisto, also called José Sisto Rodrigo and José Sixto, was twice Governor of Guam, first after overthrowing Francisco Martínez Portusach, and again after being legitimately placed in the position by the United States government.
 He served as Spanish administrator of the Public Treasury in Guam until the United States captured the island during the Spanish–American War.
 When Martínez was named Commissioner, Sisto quickly staged a coup d'état and claimed the position as the highest ranking Spanish official on the island.
 He began arming native guards and commandeering ammunition, but was briefly overthrown by Venancio Roberto and other pro-American elements on December 31, 1898, but was officially put into power by officers of the United States Navy only two days later after they decided he held a legitimate claim to the position.
 His second term was brief, and he officially relinquished control on February 1, 1899 after learning that the United States had obtained Guam in the Treaty of Paris.
 After giving up his post, he was found to have misappropriated public funds, arrested, and exiled to Manila.
