The 2010 Florida Atlantic University Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The team was coached by Howard Schnellenberger and played their home games at Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
 This was the tenth season of intercollegiate football at Florida Atlantic University and was its fifth season of competition in the Sun Belt Conference.
 They finished the season 4–8, 3–5 in Sun Belt play.
The Cleveland State Vikings men's golf team represents Cleveland State University in the sport of golf.
 The Vikings compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Horizon League.
 They are currently led by head coach Steve Weir.
 The Cleveland State Vikings men's golf program has won nine Horizon League championships.
 Cleveland State has the most men's golf titles in the history of the Horizon League at nine.
Ken "Mouse" McFadden is a former basketball player.
 He graduated from Seward Park High School in New York.
 He played at Cleveland State University from 1985–1989.
 He helped lead Cleveland State to three postseason appearances and a trip to the Sweet Sixteen.
 His number 10 is one of only two numbers to have been retired by Cleveland State, the other being Franklin Edwards's number 14.
 He scored 2,256 points for the Vikings from 1985 to 1989, which is still the Cleveland State record for career points scored.
 He also played in the CBA and USBL.
 He then went to work for Cleveland State's athletic department before being fired for accusing associate athletic director Chris Sedlock of writing numerous papers for basketball players.
Florida Atlantic University (also referred to as FAU or Florida Atlantic) is a public university located in Boca Raton, Florida, with five satellite campuses located in the Florida cities of Dania Beach, Davie, Fort Lauderdale, Jupiter, and in Fort Pierce at the Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution.
 FAU belongs to the 12-campus State University System of Florida and serves South Florida, which has a population of more than five million people and spans more than 100 miles (160 km) of coastline.
 Florida Atlantic University is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a research university with high research activity.
 The university offers more than 180 undergraduate and graduate degree programs within its 10 colleges in addition to a professional degree from the College of Medicine.
 Programs of study cover arts and humanities, the sciences, medicine, nursing, accounting, business, education, public administration, social work, architecture, engineering, and computer science.
The Cleveland State University Poetry Center is a literary small press and poetry outreach organization in Cleveland, Ohio, operated under the auspices of the English Department at Cleveland State University.
 It publishes original works of poetry by contemporary writers, though it also publishes novella, essay collections, and occasional works of criticism or translated poetry collections.
 It was founded in 1962 by poet Lewis Turco at what was then Fenn College, attained its present name two years later when Fenn College was absorbed into the newly founded Cleveland State University, and began publishing books in 1971.
 From 2007 to 2012 its Director and Series Editor was poet and professor Michael Dumanis.
 From 2014, its Director and Series Editor is the poet and professor Caryl Pagel.
Homer Eugene "Woody" Woodling (February 23, 1902 – September 14, 1984) was an athletics coach and administrator at Fenn College—now Cleveland State University.
 Woodling served two stints as the head men's basketball coach at Fenn College, from 1929 to 1941 and again from 1952 to 1953.
 He also coached the Cleveland State baseball, track, tennis and golf teams.
 Woodling served as Cleveland State's athletic director until 1966.
 He was the only athletic director that Fenn College had.
 He served in that position from 1929 to 1965 when Fenn College became Cleveland State.
 He was inducted into the Cleveland State Hall of Fame in 1975.
The Cleveland State Vikings, or Vikes, are the athletic teams of Cleveland State University.
 Before as Fenn College they were known as the Fenn College Foxes or Fenn Foxes.
 Cleveland State competes in NCAA Division I.
 They have been a member of the NCAA Division I since 1972.
 They were previously a member of the NCAA College Division, a precursor to NCAA Division II.
 The university is a member of the Horizon League (1994–present) and Eastern Wrestling League (1978–present).
 Cleveland State was formerly in the Mid-Continent Conference (1982–1994) and North Star Conference (1989–1992).
 Cleveland State previously fielded baseball, men's cross country as well as men and women's track and field.
 As Fenn College they fielded men's ice hockey and rifle.
 Cleveland State has a number of club sports as well.
This list of Florida Atlantic University people includes graduates, non-graduate former students, and current students of Florida Atlantic University and its graduate programs.
 Since its opening in 1964, Florida Atlantic has awarded over 100,000 degrees to more than 95,000 alumni worldwide.
The Cleveland State Vikings women's basketball team represents Cleveland State University in women's basketball.
 They are a member of the Horizon League (1994–present).
 The Cleveland State women's basketball team was formerly in the North Star Conference (1988–1992) and Mid-Continent Conference (1992–1994).
 Prior to 1988 the Cleveland State women's basketball team was not affiliated with any conference.
The Cleveland State Vikings baseball team represented Cleveland State University in the sport of baseball.
 The Cleveland State Vikings competed in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and in the Horizon League.
 Baseball at Cleveland State was played for a total of 69 seasons.
 On May 2, 2011 Clevleland State University announced that they would eliminate the baseball team.
 The reasons cited were budget concerns as well as the difficultly of having a baseball team in the northern United States with the season starting earlier and earlier and favoring teams in the warmer southern United States.
