Las Vegas Mob Experience was located at the Tropicana on the Las Vegas Strip.
 The Las Vegas Mob Experience was a 27000 sqft interactive tour that chronicled the rise and fall of the Mafia in the Las Vegas Valley, mixing entertainment with history, storytelling, artifacts and technology.
 Visitors take a journeyed through the world of organized crime, interacting with live character actors and 3D holograms of famous mob movie icons and celebrity gangsters such as James Caan, Frank Vincent, Tony Sirico and Mickey Rourke.
Cleaver is a metafictional film within a TV-series that serves as an important plot element toward the end of the HBO television drama series "The Sopranos".
 Although very little film material is actually shown in the series, its planning and development are discussed at large throughout multiple seasons of the show.
 The extent to which Sopranos character Christopher Moltisanti mixes confidential and personal information about the Soprano mob family into the story elements of Cleaver is the focal point throughout its development.
 After the project eventually materializes, Cleaver can be categorized as a direct-to-DVD mafia-slasher film, described alternately as ""Saw" meets "the Godfather II"", ""the Ring" meets "The Godfather"", and "a story about a young man who goes to pieces and then manages to pull himself together again".
 Several characters are credited for their involvement in the project.
 The screenplay was written by J. T. Dolan based on a story by Christopher Moltisanti, directed by Morgan Yam and produced by Carmine Lupertazzi, Jr. and Moltisanti.
 The film starred Jonathan LaPaglia as Michael "the Cleaver" and Daniel Baldwin as mob boss Salvatore ("Sally Boy").
 Also starring as Sally-boy's key advisors are George Pogatsia as Frankie and Lenny Ligotti as Nicky.
 Moltisanti and Lupertazzi initially attempts to recruit Ben Kingsley to fill the role of the mafia don in "Luxury Lounge (6x07)," but Kingsley eventually turns down the part.
Pakshe (Malayalam: പക്ഷേ ; English: But ) is a 1994 Malayalam romantic drama film written by Cheriyan Kalpakavadi and directed by Mohan.
 It stars Mohanlal and Shobhana in the lead roles.
 Though a usually repeated story in Malayalam films, the director is successful in saying the story in the most heart-touchable way.
 The film was critically acclaimed and was a box-office success.
 Mohan is a critically acclaimed director in Malayalam film and has directed many classic movies such as "Isabella", "Edavela", "Angane Oru Avadhikkalathu" etc.
Viestur Kairish (Latvian: Viesturs Kairišs) (born January 30, 1971) is a Latvian opera, movie and theatre director.
 He has made a successful career in Latvia and Germany as an acclaimed director of operas.
 The movies and plays of Kairish have toured in many European festivals.
Frank Vincent Gattuso Jr. (April 15, 1937 – September 13, 2017), known professionally as Frank Vincent, was an American actor.
 He played prominent roles in the HBO series "The Sopranos" and in several films for director Martin Scorsese: "Raging Bull" (1980), "Goodfellas" (1990), and "Casino" (1995).
RVK Studios is an Icelandic film production company.
 It superseded Blueeyes Productions by making all future productions from now on.
 The company’s director and chairman of the board is Baltasar Kormákur who is a highly acclaimed director, writer and producer on an international scale.
 RVK Studios mainly creates Icelandic drama movies and TV shows for an international audience.
Remedy is an 2005 American crime drama directed by Christian Maelen and written by Sandy Eiges, Nicholas Reiner, and Charlotte Wise.
 The film stars Maelen, Arthur Nascarella, Jon Doscher, Frank Vincent, Vincent Pastore, and Chuck Zito.
Tapas Relia (Gujarati: તપસ રેલિયા ; born August 11, 1978) is an Indian music composer and producer, known for his famous advertising campaigns for brands like Close-Up (toothpaste), Domino's Pizza, Amaron Batteries, IPL and Mahabharat (2013 TV series).
 In Mumbai since 1996, he has also scored music for Bollywood films, including India’s first major commercial animation film ‘Hanuman (2005 film)’ and the recently released film ‘Lakshmi (2014 film)’, a film on child trafficking by acclaimed director Nagesh Kukunoor.
 Based in Mumbai, he works and operates from his own recording studio.
Carl Gustav, gjengen og parkeringsbandittene ("Carl Gustav, the Gang and the Parking Bandits") is a Norwegian children's mystery film from 1982.
 It is about 12-year-old Carl Gustav and his friends, who one day discover a playground has been converted to a parking lot.
 Several other playgrounds in suburban Bergen disappear.
 The film was directed by Ola Solum and featured Frank Arne Johansen in the lead role.
 The film was produced by Norsk Film and given a seven-year rating.
Tatsumi Kumashiro (神代 辰巳 , "Kumashiro Tatsumi" ) was a Japanese film director known for his critically acclaimed, award-winning "Roman Porno" films, such as "Ichijo's Wet Lust" (1972) and "The Woman with Red Hair" (1979).
 He was the most highly acclaimed director of the early Nikkatsu Roman Porno era, with many box-office successes, and films regularly appearing on the yearly Best Ten lists of the mainstream "Kinema Junpo" and "Eiga Geijutsu" film journals.
 Kumashiro has been called, "the most consistently successful director in Japan's cinematic history," and Allmovie calls him, "arguably the most important Japanese director to emerge during the 1970s."
