Castle Tioram ( ) (Scottish Gaelic: "Caisteal Tioram" , meaning "dry castle") is a ruined castle that sits on the tidal island Eilean Tioram in Loch Moidart, Lochaber, Highland, Scotland.
 It is located west of Acharacle, approximately 80 km from Fort William.
 Though hidden from the sea, the castle controls access to Loch Shiel.
 It is also known to the locals as "Dorlin Castle".
 The castle is a scheduled monument.
Davaar Island or Island Davaar (Scottish Gaelic: "Eilean Dà Bhàrr" ) is located at the mouth of Campbeltown Loch off the east coast of Kintyre, in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
 It is a tidal island, linked to the mainland by a natural shingle causeway called the Dhorlin near Campbeltown at low tide.
 The crossing can be made in around 40 minutes.
Castle Island (Scottish Gaelic: "Eilean a' Chaisteil" ) or Allimturrail is a small tidal island, lying off the east coast of Little Cumbrae, and to the west of Trail Island, in the Firth of Clyde.
 It is joined to Little Cumbrae at low tide.
Eilean Donan (Scottish Gaelic: "Eilean Donnain" ) is a small tidal island where three sea lochs meet, Loch Duich, Loch Long and Loch Alsh, in the western Highlands of Scotland.
 A picturesque castle that frequently appears in photographs, film and television dominates the island, which lies about 1 km from the village of Dornie.
 Since the castle's restoration in the early 20th century, a footbridge has connected the island to the mainland.
The Isle of Erraid (Scottish Gaelic: Eilean Earraid ) is a tidal island approximately one mile square in area located in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.
 It lies west of Mull (to which it is linked by a beach at low tide) and southeast of Iona.
 The island receives about 100 cm of rain and 1,350 hours of sunshine annually, making it one of the driest and sunniest places on the western seaboard of Scotland.
 It is attended by numerous uninhabited small islets, the largest being Eilean Dubh (of which there are two), Eilean nam Muc, Eilean Chalmain, Eilean Ghomain and Eilean na Seamair.
Eilean Ighe is a small tidal island near Arisaig in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.
Eilean Tigh (Scottish Gaelic: "Eilean Taighe" ) is a tidal island in the Sound of Raasay of Scotland, that lies between Rona and Raasay.
Eilean Mhic Chrion is a tidal island sheltering Ardfern in Loch Craignish, Scotland.
Eilean Mòr, Loch Sunart is an uninhabited, tidal island opposite Oronsay at the entrance to Loch Sunart, an arm of the sea on the west coast of Scotland.
 At low tide it is attached to Glenmore on the Ardnamurchan peninsula.
 The highest elevation is 123 ft .
 At low tide it is attached to Glenmore on the Ardnamurchan peninsula.
 The water around Eilean Mòr contains flame shells.
Eilean Shona (Scottish Gaelic: Eilean Seòna ) is a tidal island in Loch Moidart, Scotland.
 The modern name may be from the Old Norse for "sea island".
 The pre-Norse Gaelic name, as recorded by Adomnán was "Airthrago" or "Arthràigh", meaning 'foreshore island', similar to the derivation of Erraid.
