"Juicy Fruit" is a song written by James Mtume and released as the lead-off single from Mtume's third album, also titled "Juicy Fruit".
 It features keyboards by legendary Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist/arranger Bernie Worrell and vocals by the legendary Tawatha Agee.
 The mid-tempo song is arguably Mtume's most well-known, proving enormously successful on R&B radio stations and (to a lesser extent) nightclubs when first released.
 The song reached number one on the Billboard Hot Black Singles chart on June 4, 1983 and remained there for eight weeks.
 Its success on the Billboard Pop Singles chart, however, was more modest, reaching number 45.
 The single remarkably became a certified one million seller on July 25, 1983 without even becoming a Top 40 hit.
 The song's video had different lyrics, where they replaced "You can lick me everywhere" with "Candy kisses everywhere" so it wouldn't be censored or banned from being seen on TV.
Mtume (pronounced "em-tu-may") was a funk and soul group that rose to prominence during the early 1980s and had several R&B hits during its career.
 Its founder, former percussionist James Mtume, previously played and toured with Miles Davis in the early 1970s.
 Other members of the group included Reggie Lucas and Tawatha Agee.
 Mtume have also gained recognition after having its hit single "Juicy Fruit" extensively sampled by many hip-hop artists, most notably by the Notorious B.I.G. in the 1994 hit song 'Juicy'; the song was also featured in the video game "".
 The song 'C.O.D. (I'll Deliver)' from their album "You, Me, and He" was featured in the video game "Grand Theft Auto IV".
Amelanchier interior is type of serviceberry shrub.
 It produces a sweet tasting edible fruit called a pome, which can be eaten raw or cooked.
 The fruit has a sweet flavor.
 This species is a deciduous tree.
 It grows on hillsides and banks of streams and reaches up to nine meters.
 The plant prefers light (sandy), medium (loamy) and heavy (clay) soils and can grow in heavy clay soil.
 It can grow it acid, neutral and alkaline soils, as well as shade or semi-shade.
 It requires moist soil.
"Let It Go" is a song by American R&B recording artist Keyshia Cole.
 It was written by Cole, Jack Knight, Cainon Lamb, Lil' Kim, and Missy Elliott for her second album "Just Like You" (2007) and samples "Juicy Fruit" by Mtume, and "Don't Stop the Music" by Yarbrough and Peoples, while also interpolating "Juicy" by The Notorious B.I.G., who also sampled "Juicy Fruit."
 Production was handled by Elliott and Lamb, with Lil' Kim and Elliott also appearing as featured vocalists on the track.
Juicy Fruit is a 1983 album by R&B group Mtume.
 It contains their No. 1 R&B hit, "Juicy Fruit".
 It was their third album for Epic Records.
The quince ( ; "Cydonia oblonga") is the sole member of the genus Cydonia in the family Rosaceae (which also contains apples and pears, among other fruits).
 It is a small deciduous tree that bears a pome fruit, similar in appearance to a pear, and bright golden-yellow when mature.
 Throughout history the cooked fruit has been used as food, but the tree is also grown for its attractive pale pink blossoms and other ornamental qualities.
"The One" is a song by American R&B recording artist Tamar Braxton.
 Written by Braxton, Yung Berg, Shaunice Lasha Jones, LaShawn Daniels, and its producer K.E. on the Track, the song contains samples from Juicy Fruit by Mtume.
 The song also contains re-sung lyrics from The Notorious B.I.G.'s "Juicy", which also sampled Juicy Fruit.
 It was released as the second single on May 7, 2013 from her second studio album "Love and War" (2013).
The peach ("Prunus persica") is a deciduous tree native to the region of Northwest China between the Tarim Basin and the north slopes of the Kunlun Shan mountains, where it was first domesticated and cultivated.
 It bears an edible juicy fruit called a peach or a nectarine.
Sapindus mukorossi is a species of tree in the Sapindaceae family.
 The fruit is commonly known as Indian Soapberry or washnut, and like other species in the genus "Sapindus", it is called soapberry.
 It is also a native of Western coastal Maharashtra – Konkan, and Goa in India.
 "Sapindus mukorrossi", known as the ritha or reetha tree in Nepal, is a deciduous tree that is grown in the lower foothills and midhills of the Himalayans, up to altitudes of 4000 feet.
 It is tolerant to reasonably poor soil, can be planted around farmers’ homes, and one Ritha tree can produce 30–35 kg of fruit per year.
The apple tree ("Malus pumila", commonly and erroneously called "Malus domestica") is a deciduous tree in the rose family best known for its sweet, pomaceous fruit, the apple.
 It is cultivated worldwide as a fruit tree, and is the most widely grown species in the genus "Malus.
 "The tree originated in Central Asia, where its wild ancestor, "Malus sieversii", is still found today.
 Apples have been grown for thousands of years in Asia and Europe, and were brought to North America by European colonists.
 Apples have religious and mythological significance in many cultures, including Norse, Greek and European Christian traditions.
