The Carnaval del Pueblo is Europe's largest celebration of Latin American culture, held in Burgess Park, London in the first week of August.
There are 53 prisons in Bolivia which incarcerate around 8,700 people as of 2010.
 The prisons are managed by the Penitentiary Regime Directorate (Spanish: "Dirección de Régimen Penintenciario" ).
 There are 17 prisons in departmental capital cities and 36 provincial prisons.
 According to the Defensor del Pueblo and a source in the Directorate, approximately three-quarters of prisoners have yet to receive their sentences, and are either awaiting trial, or presently on trial; the Defensor del Pueblo considers these people deprived of their right to liberty.
 Overcrowding is at a serious level, with the total prison population at three times the capacity of the prisons.
 An investigative survey by the Defensor del Pueblo of 20 rural prisons found that they lack the basic infrastructure necessary to function humanely.
The People's Democratic Party (Spanish: "Partido Democrático del Pueblo" ) was a political party in Chile.
 It was founded through a split in the Democratic Party.
 PDP was part of the 1952 People's Alliance that supported Carlos Ibáñez del Campo in the 1952 presidential election.
 In 1956 the PDP joined the Popular Action Front (FRAP).
 In 1956 PDP merged again into the Democratic Party.
The Ombudsman's Office of Colombia (Spanish: "Defensoría del Pueblo" ) is the national government agency that is charged with overseeing the protection of civil and human rights within the legal framework of the Republic of Colombia.
 The ombudsman, or People's Defender (Spanish: "Defensor del Pueblo" ), is an official appointed by the President, and elected by the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia, to head this agency.
La Voz del Pueblo (English: People's Voice ) was a liberal weekly newspaper published from Bogotá, Colombia in 1849.
 The first issue of the newspaper was published on January 7, 1849.
 It came out on Sundays.
 The newspaper was identified with the opposition against the incumbent government.
 The ninth, and last, issue of "La Voz del Pueblo" came out on March 4, 1849.
Mario Roberto Santucho (August 12, 1936 in Santiago del Estero – July 19, 1976 in Villa Martelli) was an Argentine revolutionary and guerrilla combatant, founder of the Partido Revolucionario de los Trabajadores (Workers' Revolutionary Party, PRT) and leader of Argentina's largest marxist guerrilla group, the Ejército Revolucionario del Pueblo (People's Revolutionary Army, ERP).
La Voz del Pueblo ('People's Voice') was a socialist weekly newspaper from Santander, Spain, published as a regional organ of the Spanish Socialist Workers Party in Cantabria 1898-1905.
 The newspaper was printed on Sundays.
 "La Voz del Pueblo" was the first socialist newspaper in the province.
 Isidoro Acevedo, Manuel Olivero and Álvaro Ortiz were the directors of "La Voz del Pueblo".
 From October 15, 1899 (its 62nd issue) onwards "La Voz del Pueblo" was edited at the workshop of the daily "El Cantábrico", at Calle de la Compañía.
La Corte del Pueblo (translated The People's Court) is a Spanish-language reality court show that originally aired on KWHY-TV in Los Angeles but later moved to Telemundo.
 The show was presided over by Cristina Pérez in its first season.
 When the show moved to Telemundo, Los Angeles-based lawyer Manuel Franco took over the bench.
 The show ran for five seasons starting in 1999 and ending its run in 2004, when Franco left the show due to a conflict with Telemundo regarding his views on the Latin American community.
The Summer Carnaval (Dutch: Zomercarnaval) is an annual event in the Belgian city of Kortrijk and the Dutch cities Rotterdam, Bentelo and Arnhem that mimics the Carnaval of Latin America and the Cape Verde Islands.
 The traditional pre-Lent Carnival falls in winter in the cool, northern European climate.
 This climate does not lend itself to celebrating carnival in the Latin American and Cape Verde manner.
 The Summer Carnival offers people an opportunity to celebrate Carnival in such a manner.
 The Arnhem Rio on the Rhine attracted more than 150.000 visitors, while the Rotterdam event attracts nearly a million visitors yearly.
 Summer Carnaval is often compared to Karneval der Kulturen (Berlin) and Notting Hill Carnival (London).
 In 2001 the Carnival was honoured with the prestigious Dutch Prince Claus Award, for their work in promoting the positive contribution of Antillean culture to Dutch society.
The Party for the Government of the People (PGP)—in Spanish: "Partido por el Gobierno del Pueblo"—was a social democratic political party in Uruguay.
 It was originally the "Movimiento por el Gobierno del Pueblo".
 MGP was formed in 1962 by Zelmar Michelini, initially as a group inside the "Partido Colorado."
  
