Dennis Del Favero (born 1953) is an Australian artist and academic.
 He has been awarded numerous Artist-in-Residencies and Fellowships, including an Artist-in-Residence at and an Australian Research Council Australian Professorial Fellowship (2011–2015).
 He is a Scientia Professor and Chair Professor of Digital Innovation at University of New South Wales and Director of its iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research and Extended Perception Interaction Centre; Visiting Professorial Fellow at ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe; Visiting Professorial Fellow at the Academy of Fine Arts, Vienna; Visiting Professor at IUAV, Venice; and Visiting Professor at City University of Hong Kong; Member of the editorial board of Corpi (Quodlibet), Rome; and former Executive Director of the Australian Research Council | Humanities and Creative Arts (2015 – 2016).
Paul L. Houston is Professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry at The Georgia Institute of Technology.
 Most recently, he was Dean of the College of Sciences at Georgia Tech (from 2007-2013).
 He started his professorial career at Cornell University in 1975 following undergraduate study at Yale, doctoral work at MIT, and postdoctoral research at the University of California at Berkeley.
 He was formerly Chair of the Cornell Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology (1997–2001), Senior Associate Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences (2002–2005), and the Peter J. W. Debye Professor of Chemistry.
 He was a member of the Cornell Center for Materials Research, the Kavli Institute at Cornell for Nanoscale Science, and the Graduate Field of Applied Physics.
 Dr. Houston has held visiting positions at the Max Planck Institute for Quantum Optics (1982), Columbia University (1986, 1987), the Institute for Molecular Science, Okazaki, Japan (1989), the University of California at Berkeley (2003), and the University of Rome La Sapienza (2001, 2006).
 He has been an Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellow (1979–81), a Camille and Henry Dreyfus Teacher Scholar (1980), and a John Simon Guggenheim Fellow (1986–87).
 He served as a Senior Editor of the Journal of Physical Chemistry (1991–97), as Chair of the American Physical Society Division of Laser Chemistry (1997–98), and as a member of the Science and Technology Steering Committee of Brookhaven National Laboratories (1998–2005).
 Houston has authored or co-authored over 160 publications in the field of physical chemistry and a textbook on chemical kinetics.
 In 2001 he shared with David W. Chandler the Herbert P. Broida Prize of the American Physical Society for work on product imaging in chemical dynamics.
 He was elected a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2005.
The Herchel Smith Professorship of Pure Mathematics is a professorship in pure mathematics at the University of Cambridge.
 It was established in 2004 by a benefaction from Herchel Smith "of £14.315m, to be divided into five equal parts, to support the full endowment of five Professorships in the fields of Pure Mathematics, Physics, Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, and Molecular Genetics."
 When the position was advertised in 2004, the salary offered was £52,936 (or greater), being the minimum professorial stipend, and the first holder was expected to focus on mathematical analysis.
The Waynflete Professorships are four professorial fellowships at the University of Oxford endowed by Magdalen College and named in honour of the college founder William of Waynflete, who had a great interest in science.
 These professorships are statutory professorships of the University, that is, they are professorships established in the university's regulations, and which are by those regulations attached to Magdalen College in particular.
 The oldest professorship is the Waynflete Professor of Metaphysical Philosophy.
 The three science professorships were created following the recommendation of the University Commission in 1857, in recognition of William of Waynflete's lifetime support of science.
 The professorships are the Waynflete Professor of Chemistry, the Waynflete Professor of Physiology, and the Waynflete Professor of Pure Mathematics.
This is a list of important landmarks in the history of systematic philosophical inquiry and scientific analysis of phenomena.
 The list seeks to highlight important stages in the development of thoughts and analysis towards conceptualizing and understanding phenomena.
 This list seeks to include all major landmarks in systematic analysis of phenomena across disciplines that seeks to implement formal methods and systematic formal analysis of phenomena.
 Thus it seeks to list major landmarks across all scientific philosophy and methodological sciences including physical sciences, scientific philosophy, formal disciplines or pure sciences, behavioural sciences, social sciences, biological sciences, life sciences and other related disciplines.
Jeffery was born in 1891 and educated at Strand School, Wilson's School and at King's College London.
 In 1909 he qualified as a teacher at the London Day Training College and graduated from University College London in 1911.
 From 1912 to 1921 Jeffery served as Assistant Lecturer in Applied Mathematics at University College, London.
 He was a research student and assistant of L. N. G. Filon.
 In 1921 he became University Reader in Mathematics at University College.
 In 1922 he was appointed Professor of Mathematics at King's College London.
 In 1924 he returned to University College as Astor Professor of Pure Mathematics (upon the retirement of M. J. M. Hill in 1923).
The position of Savilian Professor of Geometry was established at the University of Oxford in 1619.
 It was founded (at the same time as the Savilian Professorship of Astronomy) by Sir Henry Savile, a mathematician and classical scholar who was Warden of Merton College, Oxford, and Provost of Eton College, reacting to what has been described by one 20th-century mathematician as "the wretched state of mathematical studies in England" at that time.
 He appointed Henry Briggs as the first professor.
 Edward Titchmarsh (professor 1931–63) said when applying that he was not prepared to lecture on geometry, and the requirement was removed from the duties of the post to enable his appointment, although the title of the chair was not changed.
 The two Savilian chairs have been linked with professorial fellowships at New College, Oxford since the late 19th century.
 Before then, for over 175 years until the middle of the 19th century, the geometry professors had an official residence adjoining the college in New College Lane.
The Fielden Chair of Pure Mathematics is an endowed professorial position in the School of Mathematics, University of Manchester, England.
The Sadleirian Professorship of Pure Mathematics (originally in the statutes and for the first two professors, Sadlerian) is a professorship in pure mathematics within the DPMMS at the University of Cambridge.
 It was founded on a bequest from Lady Mary Sadleir for lectureships for the full and clear explication and teaching that part of mathematical knowledge commonly called algebra.
 She died in 1706 and lectures began in 1710 but eventually these failed to attract undergraduates.
 In 1860 the foundation was used to establish the professorship.
 On 10 June 1863 Arthur Cayley was elected with the statutory duty to explain and teach the principles of pure mathematics, and to apply himself to the advancement of that science.
 The stipend attached to the professorship was modest although it improved in the course of subsequent legislation.
The Mayhew Prize is a prize awarded annually by the Faculty of Mathematics, University of Cambridge to the student showing the greatest distinction in applied mathematics, primarily for courses offered by DAMTP, but also for some courses offered by the Statistical Laboratory, in the CASM examinations, also known as Part III of the Mathematical Tripos.
 This includes only about half of all students taking the CASM examinations, since the rest are taking mainly pure mathematics courses, and so the winner of the Mayhew Prize is not equivalent to obtaining the highest mark on the CASM examinations.
 There is currently no equivalent prize for pure mathematics, due to the absence of funds.
