Paula Hawkins (born 26 August 1972) is a Zimbabwe-born British author, best known for her best-selling psychological thriller novel "The Girl on the Train" (2015), which deals with themes of domestic violence, alcohol, and drug abuse.
 The novel was adapted into a film starring Emily Blunt in 2016.
 Hawkins' second novel, "Into the Water", was released in 2017.
The Uninvited is a 2009 American psychological horror film directed by the Guard Brothers, and starring Emily Browning, Elizabeth Banks, Arielle Kebbel and David Strathairn.
 It is a remake of the 2003 South Korean K-Horror film "A Tale of Two Sisters", which is in turn one of several film adaptations of the Korean folk tale Janghwa Hongryeon jeon.
 The film received mixed reviews.
The Lost Tribe is a 2010 American horror film directed by Roel Reiné, and starring Emily Foxler, Nick Mennell, Brianna Brown, Ryan Alosio and Marc Bacher.
Dead Wood is a 2007 British horror film, written, produced and directed by Sebastian Smith, Richard Stiles and David Bryant and starring Emily Juniper, Fergus March, Rebecca Craven, Nina Kwok and John Samuel Worsey with Bryant appearing in a small role.
 "Dead Wood" was shown at film festivals across Italy, the UK and the United States, before being released on DVD throughout Europe and North America in 2009.
Magic Magic is a 2013 American-Chilean psychological thriller film written and directed by Sebastián Silva and starring Juno Temple, Emily Browning, Michael Cera, and Catalina Sandino Moreno.
Hollow is a 2011 found footage horror film, directed by Michael Axelgaard, starring Emily Plumtree, Sam Stockman, Jessica Ellerby, and Matt Stokoe.
 The film is being distributed by Tribeca Film via nationwide On Demand outlets.
 Hollow premiered at Fantasia Festival.
 The film also screened at the Raindance Film Festival and was nominated for British Independent Film Award.
Sucker Punch is a 2011 American fantasy steampunk action film directed by Zack Snyder and co-written by Snyder and Steve Shibuya.
 It is Snyder's first film based on an original concept.
 The film stars Emily Browning, as a young woman who is committed to a mental institution.
 In order to cope, she envisions the asylum as a brothel and teams up with four dancers/prisoners to escape before she undergoes a lobotomy.
 As she collects the items she needs to escape, she enters another level of fantasy, in which the women become strong, experienced warriors.
Movie 43 is a 2013 American anthology comedy film co-directed and produced by Peter Farrelly, and written by Rocky Russo and Jeremy Sosenko among others.
 The film features fourteen different storylines, each one by a different director, including Elizabeth Banks, Steven Brill, Steve Carr, Rusty Cundieff, James Duffy, Griffin Dunne, Patrik Forsberg, James Gunn, Bob Odenkirk, Brett Ratner, Will Graham, and Jonathan van Tulleken.
 It stars an ensemble cast that is led by Elizabeth Banks, Kristen Bell, Halle Berry, Gerard Butler, Leslie Bibb, Kate Bosworth, Josh Duhamel, Anna Faris, Richard Gere, Terrence Howard, Hugh Jackman, Johnny Knoxville, Justin Long, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Chloë Grace Moretz, Liev Schreiber, Seann William Scott, Emma Stone, Jason Sudeikis, Uma Thurman, Naomi Watts and Kate Winslet.
 Julianne Moore, Tony Shalhoub and Anton Yelchin are also featured in cut scenes released on DVD and Blu-ray.
Wind Chill is a 2007 horror film starring Emily Blunt and Ashton Holmes.
 The film was directed by Gregory Jacobs and was produced by the British Blueprint Pictures company, and George Clooney and Steven Soderbergh's joint company Section Eight Productions supported the project financially.
 The filming began in the Vancouver area on February 1, 2006, and continued until March.
 The completed film opened in limited distribution in April 2007 in the US, was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland in August 2007, but went directly to DVD in most other markets.
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a 2004 American dark comedy film directed by Brad Silberling.
 It is a film adaptation of "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket, covering the first three novels "The Bad Beginning", "The Reptile Room", and "The Wide Window".
 The film stars Jim Carrey, Liam Aiken, Emily Browning, Timothy Spall, Catherine O'Hara, Billy Connolly, Cedric the Entertainer, Luis Guzmán, Jennifer Coolidge and Meryl Streep, as well as Jude Law as the voice of Lemony Snicket.
