Smiley (Swedish: "Smilet" ) was an American alligator ("Alligator mississippiensis") that lived in captivity in the Maritime Museum of Gothenburg, Sweden.
 Smiley arrived in Gothenburg from the United States in 1924, at approximately the age of two, and died on 9 February 1987.
 She received the name "Smiley" in 1970 when the newspaper "Expressen" asked readers for appropriate names for the alligator.
 At the time of her death at the age of 65, she held the record of being the oldest living alligator in captivity, an honor that landed her a spot in the "Guinness Book of World Records".
 (There are, however, records of alligators that have lived longer since her death).
 At the time of her death Smiley weighed 75 kg and measured 265 cm , which is small for North American alligators (males can grow to a length and weight double that).
 Only after her death and necropsy did doctors establish that Smiley was a female.
Yuzurihara (Yuzuri Hara) is the name of a village in Japan.
 The village of Yuzurihara (Yuzuri Hara) came to the attention of the world in the year 2000 when ABC Television Network made a documentary report which highlighted the fact that many of the villagers who lived in Yuzurihara or Yuzuri Hara had very young skin, healthy hair and were extremely supple.
 They also lived longer and did not appear to exhibit the signs of aging which commonly occurs at this age.
 Many of the people were in their 80s and 90s but looked years younger.
 The village of Yazurihara or Yazuri Hara become known as "The Village of Long Life" after the report was televised on American TV.
Alathur Srinivasa Iyer (1911–1980), born in Tamil Nadu, was an Indian vocalist.
 Together with Alathur Sivasubramania Iyer, he formed the successful duo known as the "Alathur Brothers", though the two were not in fact brothers.
 He was awarded the Madras Music Academy's Sangeetha Kalanidhi in 1965.
 A student of Alathur Venkatesa Iyer, Srinivasa gave his first performances when he was ten years old.
 From 1944 to 1968.
 He was a court musician for the Maharajah of Travancore.
 He lived longer than his partner, Alathur Sivasubramania Iyer and performed many solo concerts after the death of Sivasubramania Iyer.
"Lobachevsky" is a humorous song by Tom Lehrer, referring to the mathematician Nikolai Lobachevsky.
Maximus of Tyre (Greek: Μάξιμος Τύριος ; fl.
 late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic.
 His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens.
 Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.
The Lobachevsky Prize, awarded by the Russian Academy of Sciences, and the Lobachevsky Medal, awarded by the Kazan State University, are mathematical awards in honor of Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky.
A New Era of Thought is a non-fiction work written by Charles Howard Hinton, was published in 1888 and reprinted in 1900 by Swan Sonnenschein & Co. Ltd., London.
 "A New Era of Thought" is about the fourth dimension and its implications on human thinking.
 It influenced the work of P.D. Ouspensky, particularly his book "Tertium Organum" where it is frequently quoted, "Scientific American" writer Martin Gardner, who mentioned this book in some of his articles, and influenced Rudy Rucker's "The Fourth Dimension".
 It is prefaced by Alicia Boole and H. John Falk.
 "A New Era of Thought" is inspired by Plato's allegory of the cave and is influenced by the works of Immanuel Kant, Carl Friedrich Gauss and Nikolai Lobachevsky.
 The book has xvi and 230 pages.
Mubarak Khwaja (Kazakh: Мүбәрәк Қожа ) was the khan of White Horde between 1320-1344.
 He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu.
 However, he declared his independence from Sarai.
 The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him.
 Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan.
 He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.
The big medicine trail is a series of trails made by the act of migrating animal herds for thousands of years.
 Bison, elk, horses, and deer led early people out of the harsh full regions of the Ice Age and centuries later, they made the way for most of influential explorers during the exploration of the west.
 "Horses were significant in this time because they minimized travel time, and lived longer than buffalos/bison."
 Some of these trails survive as modern highways.
Giovanni Battista Agucchi (20 November 1570, Bologna – 1 January 1632) was an Italian churchman, Papal diplomat and writer on art theory.
 He was the nephew and brother of cardinals, and might have been one himself if had lived longer.
 He served as secretary to the Papal Secretary of State, then the Pope himself, on whose death Agucchi was made a titular bishop and appointed as nuncio to Venice.
 He was an important figure in Roman art circles when he was in the city, promoting fellow-Bolognese artists, and was close to Domenichino in particular.
 As an art theorist he was rediscovered in the 20th century as having first expressed many of the views better known from the writings of Gian Pietro Bellori a generation later.
 He was also an amateur astronomer who corresponded with Galileo.
