Chain of Lakes Park is a baseball field in Winter Haven, Florida.
 The stadium was built in 1966 and holds 7,000 people.
 It was the spring training home of the Boston Red Sox from 1966 to 1992, after which the Red Sox moved operations to City of Palms Park in Fort Myers, Florida.
The Boston Red Sox are a professional baseball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
 The Red Sox are members of the American League (AL) East Division in Major League Baseball (MLB).
 There have been 44 different managers in their franchise history; four during the era of the Boston Americans (1901–1907) and the rest under the Boston Red Sox (1908–present).
 In baseball, the head coach of a team is called the manager, or more formally, the field manager.
 Since 1912, the Red Sox have played their home games at Fenway Park.
The Fort Myers Royals were a minor league affiliate of the Kansas City Royals from 1978-1987.
 In 1978 the Royals were brought to Fort Myers, Florida by the Kansas City franchise.
 This was because Fort Myers served as the spring training home of the Kansas City Royals.
 The Royals were a Single A Florida State League franchise.
 The team played at Terry Park Ballfield from 1978 until 1987.
 In 1985 the Royals won the Florida State League Championship.
 Kevin Seitzer and Bret Saberhagen were members of that Fort Myers Royals team.
 The Minor League franchise left Fort Myers in 1988 when the Major League Baseball franchise moved Spring Training to Haines City, Florida and Baseball City Stadium.
The 2013 Boston Red Sox season was the 113th season in the franchise's Major League Baseball history.
 Under new manager John Farrell, the Red Sox finished first in the American League East with a record of 97 wins and 65 losses.
 In the postseason, the Red Sox first defeated the AL wild card Tampa Bay Rays in the ALDS.
 In the ALCS, the Red Sox defeated the American League Central champion Detroit Tigers in six games.
 Advancing to the World Series, the Red Sox defeated the National League champion St. Louis Cardinals in six games, to capture the franchise's eighth championship overall and third in ten years.
 The Red Sox became the second team to win the World Series the season after finishing last in their division; the first had been the 1991 Minnesota Twins.
 Amazing postseasons offensively from David Ortiz and Jacoby Ellsbury helped lead the way along with great pitching from Jon Lester, John Lackey and Jake Peavy.
The Boston Red Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
 The Red Sox compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) East division.
 The Red Sox have won eight World Series championships and have played in twelve.
 Founded in 1901 as one of the American League's eight charter franchises, the Red Sox' home ballpark has been Fenway Park since 1912 .
 The "Red Sox" name was chosen by the team owner, John I. Taylor, around 1908 , following the lead of previous teams that had been known as the "Boston Red Stockings", including the forerunner of the Atlanta Braves.
The Terry Park Ballfield (also known as the Park T. Pigott Memorial Stadium) is a historic site in Fort Myers, Florida, United States.
 The park is named after the family that donated the land in the 1920s.
 For years the stadium has hosted Major League Baseball spring training as well as a dozen years of Florida State League baseball.
 The stadium has hosted the Philadelphia Athletics, Cleveland Indians, Pittsburgh Pirates and Kansas City Royals spring training needs throughout the years.
 Terry Park was also home to some early minor league baseball most notable being the Fort Myers Palms and Fort Myers Royals, both belonging to the Florida State League.
 Hall of Famers Babe Ruth, Ty Cobb, Roberto Clemente, Jimmy Foxx, Bob Feller, Tris Speaker and George Brett are some of the notable players that have played at Terry Park Field.
The Gulf Coast League Red Sox are the rookie level Minor League Baseball affiliate of the Boston Red Sox.
 The team is located in Fort Myers, Florida, and plays its home games at the jetBlue Park in the Fenway South complex.
 Previously, the GCL Red Sox played at City of Palms Park.
This is a list of Boston Red Sox players who have been inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame, with the Red Sox as their primary team.
 The Boston Red Sox are a professional baseball team based in Boston, Massachusetts, and are the winners of 8 World Series including the 1903, 1912, 1915, 1916, 1918, 2004, 2007 and 2013 World Series.
 The Red Sox are a member of both Major League Baseball's American League Eastern Division and of the American League itself.
 From 1912 to the present, the Red Sox have played in Fenway Park.
City of Palms Park is a stadium in Fort Myers, Florida primarily used for baseball, although the City of Fort Myers uses the venue for the occasional concert.
 It served as the spring training home of the Boston Red Sox from its opening in 1993 to 2011.
 Former Boston Red Sox left fielder Mike Greenwell is from Fort Myers, and was instrumental in bringing his team to the city for spring training.
 The stadium was built in 1992 for that purpose and holds 8,000 people.
 It was also the home of the Red Sox Rookie team, the Gulf Coast League Red Sox, from April through June.
 The stadium's name is taken from the city's official nickname.
McCoy Stadium is a Minor League baseball stadium in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
 It is currently home to the Pawtucket Red Sox (Paw Sox) of the International League and affiliate of the Boston Red Sox.
 The stadium was completed in 1946 as the home for the Pawtucket Slaters, an affiliate of the Boston Braves.
 Since 1969, the stadium has hosted the Pawtucket Red Sox.
 In 1981, the stadium hosted the longest professional baseball game in history, where the Paw Sox defeated the Rochester Red Wings after 33 innings by a score of 3-2.
