Hugh (1057 – October 18, 1101), called the Great (Latin "Hugo Magnus"), was a younger son of Henry I of France and Anne of Kiev and younger brother of Philip I.
 He was Count of Vermandois in right of his wife ("jure uxoris").
 His nickname "Magnus" (greater or elder) is probably a bad translation into Latin of a French nickname, "le Maisné", meaning "the younger", referring to Hugh as younger brother of the King of France.
Telfer is a surname, principally of Scottish origin, with the name deriving from "Taille-fer " (see: Taillefer), the Old French nickname for a strong man or ferocious warrior ("taille(r)" meaning 'to cut').
 It is sometimes linked with the surname Telford, although the two names have distinct and unrelated origins.
Léogâne (Haitian Creole: "Leyogàn" ) is a coastal commune in Ouest, Haiti.
 It is located in the eponymous arrondissement, the Léogâne Arrondissement.
 The port town is located about 29 km West of the Haitian capital, Port-au-Prince.
 Léogâne has a rich and unique culture, especially with regard to the arts, music, literature, cuisine, and architecture.
 It also holds importance for archaeological and ancient sites such as Fort Campan, and one of the most ancient windmills in the western hemisphere is located in Baussan Léogâne.
 The town was at the epicenter of the 12 January 2010 earthquake, and was catastrophically affected, with 80-90% of buildings damaged.
 It also had been destroyed in an earthquake in 1770.
 At the time of the arrival of the Europeans in 1492, Yaguana—modern-day Léogâne—was the capital of Jaragua, one of the five chiefdoms on the island of Hispaniola.
 This province was the last independent holdout during the Spanish conquest of Hispaniola until their leader Queen Anacaona was captured and killed by the Spaniards in 1503.
 The French secured legal access to one-third of the island from the Spanish crown by the Treaty of Ryswick in 1697 and established a city in Yaguana and renamed it Léogâne.
 In 1803, during the Haitian Revolution Jean-Jacques Dessalines ordered his men to burn the town to the ground to force out the last of the French colonists.
Taillefer is originally an Old French nickname (from the medieval Latin "incisor ferri" or "sector ferri", meaning "hewer of iron").
 It may refer to:
The Prairie: A Tale (1827) is a novel by James Fenimore Cooper, the third novel written by him featuring Natty Bumppo.
 His fictitious frontier hero Bumppo is never called by his name, but is instead referred to as "the trapper" or "the old man."
 Chronologically "The Prairie" is the fifth and final installment of the "Leatherstocking Tales", though it was published before "The Pathfinder" (1840) and "The Deerslayer" (1841).
 It depicts Natty in the final year of his life still proving helpful to people in distress on the American frontier.
 The book frequently references characters and events from the two books previously published in the "Leatherstocking Tales" as well as the two which Cooper wouldn’t write for more than ten years.
 Continuity with "The Last of the Mohicans" is indicated by the appearance of the grandson of Duncan and Alice Heyward, as well as the noble Pawnee chief Hard Heart, whose name is English for the French nickname for the Delaware, "le Coeur-dur".
Éric Barone (born 4 November 1960 in Oyonnax, France) is a French sportsman.
 He holds the world speed record for bicycle, on both snow and gravel.
 On snow, his speed record is 227.720 km/h achieved on the 18th March 2017, on the speed snow track at Vars, France while on gravel his speed record is 172 km/h , achieved at the Cerro Negro volcano, in Nicaragua.
 His French nickname is “Baron Rouge”, which means Red Baron.
Alison, Allison or Alyson is a given name, usually a feminine name in English-speaking countries.
 It was originally a medieval French nickname for "Alis", old form of Alice derived with the suffix "-on" or "-son" sometimes used in the former French nicknames such as Jeanson ("little Jean") or Pierson ("little Pierre").
Bouchard, a Norman name with German elements means "fort" (bourgh) and "brave," "strong" (heard), see Burkhardt.
 It is also a French nickname for someone with a big mouth, "bouche" being French for mouth according to Ancestry.com.
 Notable people with the name include :
Nikoleta is female given name.
 Nikoleta is French nickname of Greek name Nikolaos meaning "victory" or "winner of the people".
Cleopatra's Needle is the popular name for each of three Ancient Egyptian obelisks re-erected in London, Paris, and New York City during the nineteenth century.
 The obelisks in London and New York are a pair, and the one in Paris is also part of a pair originally from a different site in Luxor, where its twin remains.
 Although all three needles are genuine Ancient Egyptian obelisks, their shared nickname is a misnomer, as they have no connection with the Ptolemaic Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt, and were already over a thousand years old in her lifetime.
 The London and New York "needles" were originally made during the reign of 18th Dynasty Pharaoh Thutmose III.
 The Paris "needle" dates to the reign of 19th Dynasty Pharaoh Ramesses II and was the first to be moved and re-erected.
 The New York "needle" was the first to acquire the French nickname, "L'aiguille de Cléopâtre", when it stood in Alexandria.
