Bulgaria Mall was officially opened on 1 December 2012 and is the first shopping center in Sofia and Bulgaria which will be positioned as an upper scale mall, focusing on the proper combination of medium to premium international brands with the highest quality Bulgarian retailers.
 Owners of Bulgaria mall are Myles Summerfield and Nikola Yanakiev.
 More specifically, the shopping center is positioned at the intersection of two of the most significant Sofia's boulevards – Bulgaria boulevard and Todor Kableshkov boulevard.
 Bulgaria Mall has an exceptional location, close to the downtown (less than a 10 min.
 drive), the Ring Road (app.
 2 min.
 drive) and some of the most affluent residential quarters of Sofia.
 The mall will be developed as part of a mixed-use retail and office project with approximately 130,000 m² of total built-up area (33,000 m² for the commercial area).
 The shopping center will include four underground (parking and a hypermarket of approx. 5,600 m²) and four above ground levels with retail and entertainment.
 The parking will provide more than 1,100 lots with very convenient entrances to each underground parking deck.
 The office part, which will consist of an office high-rise tower and an office building, will exceed 25,000 m² of lettable area.
Tower Mall was a shopping mall located in Portsmouth, Virginia.
 The shopping mall opened in 1973.
 The mall's original primary anchors were Bradlees (originally J.M. Fields) and Montgomery Ward.
 It also had some of the most popular mall chains of the 1970s and 1980s including Orange Bowl and Merry Go Round.
 Primary anchors left the mall vacant by the mid-1990s.
 The building was demolished in 2001, to make way for a big-box shopping center.
 Victory Crossing shopping center currently occupies the site of the former Tower Mall.
Bay Plaza Shopping Center is a shopping center on the south side of Co-op City, in the Bronx, New York.
 In addition to various department stores and shops, such as Macy's, JCPenney, Staples, Kmart and Old Navy, it has a multiplex movie theater, several restaurants, a fitness club, and some office space.
 It used to operate a Barnes and Nobles bookstore across the mall but was shut down.
 Constructed from 1987 to 1988 by Prestige Properties, the shopping center is located between Bartow and Baychester Avenues, just outside Sections 4 and 5 of Co-op City, on an open lot that from 1960 to 1964, was the site of Freedomland USA.
 The Bay Plaza Shopping Center is the largest shopping center in New York City.
 Since opening over 25 years ago, it has become extremely successful, the center claims to hold some of the highest performing stores on a per-square-foot basis for many national retailers.
Northland Mall was a shopping mall located on the north side of Columbus, Ohio, at the intersection of Morse Road and Karl Road.
 It opened in 1964 as an open-air shopping center and the first shopping mall in Columbus.
 Northland was the first of the four directionally-named shopping hubs in Columbus, along with Eastland (1967), Westland (1969) and Southland (1975) [a small strip center, now closed].
 Though popular through the 1990s, three new shopping centers were completed in the late 1990s and early 2000s that took businesses and shoppers away from Northland.
 It closed in 2002 and was demolished in 2004.
 The site has subsequently been redeveloped as Northland Village, a multi-use complex containing government offices, retail stores and the Franklin County Dog Shelter and Adoption Center.
Springfield Town Center is an shopping center in Springfield, Virginia.
 It opened in 1973 as Springfield Mall, an enclosed shopping mall, which closed on June 30, 2012 as part of a multimillion-dollar redevelopment plan to turn it into a multifaceted "Town Center"-style shopping center with a main indoor area similar to the nearby Tysons Corner Center and Dulles Town Center, while transforming the exterior into a pedestrian friendly environment with restaurants with cafe style outdoor seating and entrances.
 It is located at the intersection of Interstate 95 and Franconia Road (Route 644), which is part of the Springfield Interchange, 1/4 mile north of Franconia-Springfield Parkway (State Route 289) and the Franconia-Springfield Metro station.
 The mall reopened on October 17, 2014 following its two-year renovation.
Del Monte Center is an open-air shopping center located in Monterey, California.
 Del Monte Center is the largest shopping center on the Monterey Peninsula and the second largest shopping mall in Monterey County, California, and has the only department store in a 22-mile radius.
 Del Monte Center was designed by architect John Carl Wernecke, built by Williams and Burrows Construction Company and originally opened in 1967 but expanded and renovated in 1987.
 The shopping center encompasses 675000 sqft of retail space including 85 stores, one department store (Macy's), Whole Foods Market, restaurants (California Pizza Kitchen, P.F. Chang's China Bistro, Pizza My Heart, Islands Fine Burgers & Drinks, Subway, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Starbucks and Lalla Grill), a gym and spa (Energia) and a thirteen screen Century Theatres.
 Petco was added in 2004, replacing Stroud's.
 The existing theater complex moved in 2006, with the former complex becoming a furniture store for Macy's.
Ballston Common Mall, which originally opened as Parkington Shopping Center in 1951, was one of the first major suburban shopping centers in the Washington D.C. area.
 It was the first shopping center built around a multi-story parking garage in the United States.
 It was located at the intersection of Glebe Road (Virginia State Route 120) and Wilson Boulevard in the Ballston neighborhood of Arlington, Virginia, two blocks from Ballston-MU Station on the Washington Metro's Orange and Silver lines.
 The Ballston Common mall opened on October 20, 1986, and was a $40 million replacement for the Parkington Shopping Center.
 The 530000 sqft center was developed in limited partnership with the May Centers, a subsidiary of the May Company who, at the time, also owned one of the anchors, Hecht's.
The Oaks Shopping Center is a two-level indoor/outdoor, super-regional shopping mall located in Thousand Oaks, California.
 It is owned and managed by Macerich.
 Accessible from the US Highway 101 Ventura Freeway midway between downtown Los Angeles and Santa Barbara, it is one of two malls in its area (competing with the Simi Valley Town Center) and the largest shopping center in Ventura County.
 The 1300000 sqft mall was originally built in 1978 and was renovated in 1993.
 Starting in February 2007, the center has undergone an extensive upgrade including interior finishes, restrooms, entrance canopies and skylights to reflect a modern Spanish and Santa Barbara-influenced design.
 The expansion includes a demolition of the then-vacated Broadway building and a Muvico 14-screen stadium seat theater and Bogarts, a full-service restaurant, built in its place.
 Additional features include a 10-unit Spanish Dining Hall and amenities like family restrooms with granite, stacked flagstone and limestone tile.
 Centered on the theatre are four sit-down restaurants: Lazy Dog Cafe and Red Robin, which are both connected to a 112330 sqft retail expansion in an outdoor environment, while Olive Garden and Red Lobster are located across the parking lot.
 The Cheesecake Factory is located inside the Shopping Center with patio dining available.
Park City Center is a shopping mall located in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and is the largest enclosed shopping center in Lancaster County.
 It is situated at the intersection of U.S. Route 30 and Harrisburg Pike.
 The shape of the mall resembles a snowflake, with its stores occupying 8 corridors extending from the center.
 The roof in the center of the mall is a large white tent, and encloses the octagonal Center Court.
 The mall underwent a major renovation in 2008, which took 18 months and included updates to every part of the mall.
 During its early years Park City was also called "Mall of Four Seasons" because of the seasonal names given to the 4 corridors leading to each anchor.
 Going clockwise from west to east was JC Penney in the two-story Winter quadrant, Sears in Spring, Gimbel's (future Pomeroy's/Boscov's) in Summer and Watt & Shand (later Bon-Ton) in Autumn.
 The high tech mall located in the heart of Amish country was one of the first to have its own closed-circuit television.
 Studios for Park City Communications and Lancaster/York/Harrisburg CBS affiliate WLYH-TV 15 were located on the first floor in the Winter wing alongside an ice skating rink.
Springdale Mall is a shopping center located in Mobile, Alabama, United States, directly across from Bel Air Mall.
 Opened in 1959 as an open-air shopping center, Springdale Mall was later redeveloped as an enclosed shopping center.
 Facing competition from larger shopping centers in the area, Springdale was demolished in stages in the 2000s, with most of the former enclosed mall being replaced with big box stores.
