The Naguanagua Botanical Garden (Spanish: "Jardín Botánico de Naguanagua" ) Also Bachiller José Saer D'Eguert Botanical Garden Is a botanical garden located south of the city of Naguanagua, Carabobo State in the South American country of Venezuela.
 It has a free area of about 15 hectares, with more than 200 adult trees.
 Its history begins when a group of people from the community, interested in improving the environmental quality, proposed the idea of creating a protected area to the municipal council that accedes and finally the 2 of April of 1991 the mayoralty decides to create the Naguanagua Botanical Garden Foundation.
 The land for the garden was donated by the Salesian Agronomic Society.
The Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam Botanical Garden (sometimes shortened to the SSR Botanical Garden), commonly known as the Pamplemousses Botanical Garden, is a popular tourist attraction in Pamplemousses, near Port Louis, Mauritius, and the oldest botanical garden in the Southern Hemisphere.
 Famous for its long pond of giant water lilies ("Victoria amazonica"), the garden was first constructed by Pierre Poivre (17191786) in 1770, and it covers an area of around 37 hectares.
The Nanjing Botanical Garden Memorial Sun Yat-Sen (), established in 1929, became the first national botanical garden in China.
 The original name, 'Botanical Garden Memorial Sun Yat-Sen', commemorated Dr. Sun Yat-Sen, the pioneer of Chinese democratic revolution.
 In 1954, it was renamed as Nanjing Botanical Garden Mem.
 Sun Yat-Sen, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
 It is one of four major botanical gardens in China.
 The botanical garden is also known as Zhongshan Botanical Gardens after the spelling of its name in pinyin.
Fairylake Botanical Garden or Xianhu Botanical Garden () is a 1349.20 acre botanical garden and arboretum located at Liantang Subdistrict, Luohu District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, southwest China.
 Fairylake Botanical Garden at the foot of Wutong Mountain, beside the Shenzhen Reservoir.
 Fairylake Botanical Garden was categorized as a "national AAAA level tourist site" by the China National Tourism Administration in 2007 and a "national key park" by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development in 2008.
The Ljubljana Botanical Garden (Slovene: "Ljubljanski botanični vrt" ), officially the University of Ljubljana Botanical Garden ("Botanični vrt Univerze v Ljubljani" ), is the central Slovenian botanical garden, the oldest botanical garden in Southeastern Europe, and one of the oldest cultural, scientific, and educational organisations in Slovenia.
 Its headquarters are located in the Rudnik District of Ljubljana, the Slovenian capital, at Ig Street ("Ižanska cesta" ) along the Gruber Canal to the southeast of Castle Hill.
 The garden started operating under the leadership of Franc Hladnik in 1810, when Ljubljana was the capital of the Illyrian Provinces.
 It is thus an averagely old European botanical garden.
 The institution is a member of the international network Botanic Gardens Conservation International and cooperates with more than 270 botanical gardens all across the world.
 Of over 4,500 plant species and subspecies that grow on 2 ha , roughly a third is endemic to Slovenia, whereas the rest originate from other European places and other continents.
Lepiota viridigleba is a species of sequestrate fungus in the family Agaricaceae.
 It was first described as new to science by mycologist Michael Castellano in 1995, based on collections made among "Populus" roots in California.
 The fungus was initially called "Amogaster viridiglebus" and tentatively placed in the order Boletales.
 Molecular analysis revealed the fungus to be a member of the genus "Lepiota", and it was transferred to that genus in 2013.
Mirijjawila Botanical Garden is one of the five botanical gardens in Sri Lanka.
 The other botanical gardens are Peradeniya Botanical Garden, Hakgala Botanical Garden, Henarathgoda Botanical Garden and Seetawaka Botanical Garden.
Seetawaka Botanical Garden, or Seethawaka Wet Zone Botanical Garden is a botanical garden located in Sri Lanka which mainly serves as a research area and a conservation area for threatened and vulnerable endemic plant species in the Sinharaja Rain Forest region.
 Improving export floriculture, ex-situ conservation of wet lowland plants, and bamboo cultivation are also promoted in this garden.
 The garden was opened to the public in late October 2014 and it is the most recently constructed botanical garden in Sri Lanka.
Saproamanita nauseosa is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae.
 First described by English mycologist Elsie Maud Wakefield in 1918 as a species of "Lepiota", it was named for its nauseating odor.
 The type specimen was found growing on soil in the "Nepenthes" greenhouse at Kew Gardens.
 Derek Reid transferred the species to "Amanita" in 1966, and then in 2016 the separate genus "Saproamanita" was created by Redhead et al. for saprophytic "Amanitas" and it was transferred to this new genus.
Hakgala Botanical Garden is one of the five botanical gardens in Sri Lanka.
 The other four are Peradeniya Botanical Garden, Henarathgoda Botanical Garden, Mirijjawila Botanical Garden and Seetawaka Botanical Garden.
 It is the second largest garden in Sri Lanka.
 The garden is contiguous to Hakgala Strict Nature Reserve.
