Scheffau am Wilden Kaiser is a municipality in the district Kufstein in the Austrian region of the Sölllandl.
 It is located 8.50 km southeast of Kufstein and 13 km northwest of Kitzbühel and has three subdivisions.
 The main source of income is summer tourism.
 The village has a public swimming area.
The Noyyal River is a small river in Western Tamil Nadu, and a tributary of Kaveri River.
 It rises from the Vellingiri hills in the Western Ghats in Tamil Nadu, very close to Kerala border, and flows through many villages and the cities of Coimbatore and Tirupur, finally draining into the Kaveri River at Noyyal, a village in Karur district named after the river itself.
 The river's basin is 180 km long and 25 km wide and covers a total area of 3500 km2 .
 Cultivated land in the basin amounts to 1800 km2 while the population density is 120 people per km² (311/mi²) in the countryside, and 1000 people per km² (2590/mi²) in the cities.
 The area is known for its scanty rainfall and the development of the Noyyal River Tanks System to hold any overflow from the rains plus the water of the Northeast and Southwest monsoon season was ecologically important.
 The 173 km long tributary of the Kaveri River]filled 32 tanks.
 These interconnecting tanks held the water flowing from the Noyyal.
The Hausruckviertel (literally German for the "Hausruck" quarter or district) is an Austrian region belonging to the state of Upper Austria: it is one of four "quarters" of Upper Austria the others being Traunviertel, Mühlviertel, and Innviertel.
 It is so-called because of the range of hills, the Hausruck, that pass through the region.
The Innviertel (literally German for "Inn quarter") is a traditional Austrian region southeast of the Inn river.
 It forms the western part of the state of Upper Austria and borders the German state of Bavaria.
 The Innviertel is one of the four traditional "quarters" of Upper Austria, the others being Hausruckviertel, Mühlviertel, and Traunviertel.
The Raft River is a tributary of the North Thompson River, one of the main tributaries of the Fraser River, in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 It flows through the Shuswap Highland region southeast of Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 Most of the Raft River's watershed lies outside the boundaries of Wells Gray, except for some of the headwaters of the West Raft River tributary.
The Mühlviertel (] ) is an Austrian region belonging to the state of Upper Austria: it is one of four "quarters" of Upper Austria, the others being Hausruckviertel, Traunviertel, and Innviertel.
 It is named for the two rivers "Große Mühl " and "Kleine Mühl ".
The Traunviertel (literally German for the "Traun" quarter or district) is an Austrian region belonging to the state of Upper Austria: it is one of four "quarters" of Upper Austria the others being Hausruckviertel, Mühlviertel, and Innviertel.
 Its name refers to the river Traun which passes through the area.
The Bransfield Basin is a back-arc rift basin located off the Northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
 The basin lies within a Northeast and Southwest trending strait that separates the peninsula from the nearby South Shetland Islands to the Northwest.
 The basin extends for more than 500 km from Smith Island (South Shetland Islands) to a portion of the Hero Fracture Zone.
 The basin can be subdivided into three basins: Western, Central, and Eastern.
 The Western basin is 130 km long by 70 km wide with a depth of 1.3 km , the Central basin is 230 km long by 60 km wide with a depth of 1.9 km , and the Eastern basin is 150 km long by 40 km wide with a depth of over 2.7 km .
 The three basins are separated by the Deception Island and Bridgeman Island.
 The moho depth in the region has been seismically interpreted to be roughly 34 km deep.
Ellmau is a municipality in the district of Kufstein in the Austrian region of Sölllandl.
 It lies 12 km southeast of Kufstein and 9 km west of Sankt Johann in Tirol.
 It is located at an elevation of 820 m above sea level.
 It was mentioned for the first time in the records in 1155 and is nowadays part of the "Ski Welt" skiing area.
The Nhật Lệ River is a river in Đồng Hới city, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam.
 The Nhật Lệ River is 152 km long, of which the Kiến Giang River is 58 km in length, and the Long Đại River is 77 km long.
 The river is formed by the confluence of the Kiến Giang River in Lệ Thủy District and the Long Đại River in Quảng Ninh District.
 The Nhật Lệ River flows northeast (unlike most rivers in Vietnam, which run southeast) before emptying into the South China Sea.
 At the mouth of this river are several white fine sand beaches which are popular tourist attractions.
 In the history of Vietnam, this river was the site of several wars between the Kingdom of Champa with Đại Việt as well as internal Đại Việt factions, especially the Trịnh–Nguyễn War.
