Francesco (Ciccio) Troise is a retired Italian footballer.
 Troise is currently working as a football coach, working alongside Fabio Cannavaro at Tianjin Quanjian where they finished 2016 champions of China League one.
 Previous clubs include Al Nassr in Rhyad alongside Cannavaro, and working with Giuseppe Sannino at both Catania and Watford FC.
Tianjin Tuanbo Football Stadium is a professional football stadium in Tianjin, China.
 It hosts the home matches of Tianjin Quanjian F.C. of the China League One.
 The stadium holds 22,320 spectators and opened in 2012.
Alexandre Rodrigues da Silva (] ; born 2 September 1989), commonly known as Alexandre Pato or just Pato, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian as a forward.
Axel Laurent Angel Lambert Witsel (born 12 January 1989) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian.
 During his play for the Belgium national team, he came into the first team as a right-winger, and can also play attacking midfielder, though his natural position is as a central midfielder.
Li Xingcan (Chinese: 李星灿; born 23 July 1987 in Tianjin) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Tianjin Quanjian.
Fabio Cannavaro, (] ; born 13 September 1973) is an Italian former professional footballer and current manager of Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian.
Tianjin Quanjian F.C. is a professional Chinese football club that currently participates in the Chinese Super League division under licence from the Chinese Football Association (CFA).
 The team is based in Tianjin and their home stadium is the Haihe Educational Football Stadium that has a seating capacity of 30,000.
 Their current owners are Quanjian Nature Medicine who officially took over the club on 7 July 2015.
Tianjin Quanjian F.C. () is a professional Chinese football club that currently participates in the Chinese Super League division under licence from the Chinese Football Association (CFA).
 The team is based in Tianjin and their home stadium is the Haihe Educational Football Stadium that has a seating capacity of 30,000.
 Their current owners are Quanjian Nature Medicine who officially took over the club on 7 July 2015.
Zhang Lu (; born 6 September 1987 in Tianjin) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Tianjin Quanjian in the Chinese Super League.
Paolo Cannavaro (born 26 June 1981) is an Italian footballer who plays for Sassuolo as a defender.
 After beginning his career with Napoli, he moved to Parma in 1999, where he played alongside his older brother, 2006 FIFA World Cup and Ballon d'Or winner Fabio Cannavaro, who was also a defender, and who currently coaches Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian.
 Paolo remained with the club for seven seasons, aside from a loan spell with Verona during the 2001–02 season.
 In 2006, he returned to Napoli, where he was eventually named the club's captain, and helped the team win the Coppa Italia in 2012, the club's first title in over 20 years.
 After eight seasons with Napoli, he moved to Sassuolo in 2014.
