Mendoncia velloziana is a plant native to Atlantic Coast restingas vegetation which is an ecosystem of Atlantic Forest biome.
 In addition, this plant grows either in Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
 This plant grows in following states of Brazil: Bahia, Ceará Minas Gerais Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Paraná and Santa Catarina, and it is usually visited by the hummingbirds.
Delphinium staphisagria is a species of "Delphinium", or larkspur, of the family Ranunculaceae.
 This plant is also known as Lice-Bane or Stavesacre.
 It is described botanically as a stoutly-stemmed, hairy biennial with large palmate leaves up to 6 inches (15 cm) across.
 The flowers are mauve-blue to blue, short-spurred, and up to 1 inch (2.5 cm) across, occurring in racemes.
 The plant grows to a height of 4–5 feet.
 It grows throughout the Mediterranean.
 The dark-colored, wrinkled seeds of "D. staphisagria" are characteristically quite large (~5x6 mm), and it is likely that the species name, which translates to "wild raisin" (classical Greek: σταφὶς ἀγρία) is based on their appearance.
 This name-derivation seems to have been arrived at independently by a modern horticulturalist, David Bassett, who also gives a detailed account of his experiences in growing this species.
 All parts of this plant are highly toxic and should not be ingested in any quantity.
Salvia divinorum (also known as sage of the diviners, ska maría pastora, seer's sage, yerba de la pastora and just salvia) is a psychoactive plant which can induce visions and other spiritual experiences. Its native habitat is in cloud forest in the isolated Sierra Mazateca of Oaxaca, Mexico, where it grows in shady and moist locations.
 The plant grows to over a meter high, has hollow square stems, large leaves, and occasional white flowers with violet calyxes.
 Botanists have not determined whether "Salvia divinorum" is a cultigen or a hybrid; native plants reproduce vegetatively, rarely producing viable seed.
Pinguicula orchidioides is a perennial rosette-forming insectivorous herb native to Mexico and Guatemala.
 A species of butterwort, it forms summer rosettes of flat, succulent leaves up to 5 centimeters (4 in) long, which are covered in mucilagenous (sticky) glands that attract, trap, and digest arthropod prey.
 Nutrients derived from the prey are used to supplement the nutrient-poor substrate that the plant grows in.
 Uniquely among "Pinguicula" species from the Americas, "p. orchidioides" produces gemma-like basal buds which elongate into stolons and serve as a means of asexual reproduction.
 In the winter the plant forms a non-carnivorous rosette of small, fleshy leaves that conserves energy while food and moisture supplies are low.
 Single purple flowers appear between July and September on upright stalks up to 22 centimeters long.
Weldenia is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the Commelinaceae family, first described in 1829.
 It has one single species: Weldenia candida, which grows originally in Mexico and Guatemala.
Chorizanthe watsonii is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name fivetooth spineflower.
 It is native to the western United States from Washington to the Mojave Desert.
 It grows in many types of plant communities from desert scrub to woodland and sagebrush.
 This small plant grows a woolly erect stem up to about 15 centimeters tall.
 The inflorescence is a cluster of flowers surrounded by five hairy greenish bracts tipped with hooked awns.
 The flower is about 2 millimeters wide and yellow in color.
Salvia chamelaeagnea is a species of flowering plant in genus "Salvia", known as sages.
 It is endemic to South Africa, where it grows on the western coastline of the Cape of Good Hope.
 It is a shrubby perennial herb up to 6 ft tall and 4 ft wide.
 It bears 3/4 in light violet-blue flowers with pale lower lips and white throats.
 The small, green leaves release a slight medicinal odor when brushed.
 In the wild, the plant grows in sandy soil in streambeds, open fields, and roadsides.
 It is cultivated for gardens.
Argemone albiflora, the white prickly poppy, also known as the bluestem prickly poppy or the Texas prickly poppy, is a small erect plant with a decorative white flower with a yellow latex.
 It is deeply rooted with yellow or red stamens.
 The plant is known for the sharp prickles on its stem and leaves.
 The sepals fall off as the flower of this plant grows bigger.
 It grows in the arid regions of the southern Midwest along roadsides and disturbed pieces of land.
 Native Americans have long revered this plant for its medicinal and other uses.
Pinguicula moranensis is a perennial rosette-forming insectivorous herb native to Mexico and Guatemala.
 A species of butterwort, it forms summer rosettes of flat, succulent leaves up to 10 centimeters (4 in) long, which are covered in mucilaginous (sticky) glands that attract, trap, and digest arthropod prey.
 Nutrients derived from the prey are used to supplement the nutrient-poor substrate that the plant grows in.
 In the winter the plant forms a non-carnivorous rosette of small, fleshy leaves that conserves energy while food and moisture supplies are low.
 Single pink, purple, or violet flowers appear twice a year on upright stalks up to 25 centimeters long.
Agave ghiesbreghtii is an evergreen plant belonging to the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Agavoideae.
 The plant grows in clustering rosettes, up to 75 cm in diameter and 50 cm tall with wide leaves which are guttered on top.
 In spring the plant produces dense greenish brown to purple flowers on the top half of the unbranched spike which measures between 2.5m - 5m tall.
 The species is endemic in Guatemala and the State of Mexico in Mexico.
