The iconic, avant-garde score to the film "Alien" was composed by Jerry Goldsmith and is considered by some to be one of his best, most visceral scores.
 Rather than focusing on themes, Goldsmith creates a bleak and dissonant soundscape that fits the film's dark and intense atmosphere, with only a few "romantic" cues.
Christus Apollo: Cantata Celebrating the Eighth Day of Creation and the Promise of the Ninth is a cantata in four movements for narrator, mezzo-soprano, choir, and orchestra, based on a text by the science fiction author Ray Bradbury and composed by the American composer Jerry Goldsmith.
 The piece was commissioned by the California Chamber Symphony in 1969, and premiered later that year in Royce Hall at UCLA with the narration performed by Charlton Heston (who had starred in the 1968 film, "Planet of the Apes", for which Goldsmith had composed the musical score).
Mulan: An Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 1998 Disney animated feature film, "Mulan".
 Released by Walt Disney Records on June 2, 1998, the album featured songs by Matthew Wilder and David Zippel, conducted by Paul Bogaev, and score composed and conducted by Jerry Goldsmith.
 Vocalists included Lea Salonga, Donny Osmond, 98 Degrees, Jaz Coleman, Stevie Wonder and Christina Aguilera.
Legend: The Music of Jerry Goldsmith is a musical film score by American composer Jerry Goldsmith, released in 1986 for the worldwide release of the film of the same name, (excluding the US).
 The album was released on compact disc in 1992 through Silva Screen records and featured alternate cover art and additional songs.
The score to the 1986 James Cameron film "Aliens" was composed by James Horner.
 The score itself includes musical references to Gayane's Adagio from Aram Khachaturian's "Gayane" ballet suite, which had been used in Stanley Kubrick's "" (1968).
 The score also uses musical motifs, sound treatments and excerpts from Jerry Goldsmith's original soundtrack to "Alien" (1979).
 Additional cues taken from Jerry Goldsmith's "Alien" score were used in the climax of the film when Horner was unable to finish some cues to Cameron's satisfaction.
 The film's editors also reportedly altered the score's chronological flow, sometimes looping, truncating or removing the music and placing it in fragmented form in the film out of context.
 Despite production issues, it was nominated for an Academy Award in 1986.
 It was performed by the London Symphony Orchestra.
 The soundtrack album was released the following year, in 1987.
Innerspace is a 1987 American science fiction comedy film directed by Joe Dante and produced by Michael Finnell.
 Steven Spielberg served as executive producer.
 The film was inspired by the 1966 science fiction film "Fantastic Voyage".
 It stars Dennis Quaid, Martin Short and Meg Ryan, with Robert Picardo and Kevin McCarthy, with music composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
 It earned well over $25 million in its domestic gross revenue and won an Oscar, the only film directed by Dante to do so.
L.A. Confidential is either the original soundtrack, on the Restless Records label featuring mainly songs and source music, or the original film score, on Varèse Sarabande Records, of the 1997 Academy Award- and Golden Globe Award-winning film "L.A. Confidential" starring Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce, James Cromwell, Danny DeVito, and Kim Basinger (who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for this film).
 The original score was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Star Trek: Nemesis – Music from the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack album for the 2002 film, "", composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
 Released on December 10, 2002 through Varèse Sarabande, the soundtrack features fourteen tracks of score at a running time just over forty-eight minutes, though bootleg versions containing the entire score have since been released.
 A deluxe edition soundtrack limited to 5000 copies was released on January 6, 2014 by Varèse Sarabande.
Total Recall is a 1990 American science-fiction action film directed by Paul Verhoeven, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rachel Ticotin, Sharon Stone, Ronny Cox, and Michael Ironside.
 The film is loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story "We Can Remember It for You Wholesale".
 It tells the story of a construction worker who is having troubling dreams about Mars and a mysterious woman there.
 It was written by Ronald Shusett, Dan O'Bannon, Jon Povill, and Gary Goldman, and won a Special Achievement Academy Award for its visual effects.
 The original score composed by Jerry Goldsmith won the BMI Film Music Award.
Lionheart, also known as Lionheart: The Children's Crusade, is a 1987 adventure film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner and produced by Talia Shire and Stanley O'Toole.
 Shire's brother, Francis Ford Coppola, initially planned to direct the film but instead opted to be executive producer along with Shire's husband, Jack Schwartzman.
 The screenplay was written by Menno Meyjes and Richard Outten from a story by Meyjes.
 The composer Jerry Goldsmith wrote the score.
 The film was released in August 1987.
 It was distributed by Orion Pictures.
