Elizabeth Helen Blackburn, AC, FRS, FAA, FRSN (born 26 November 1948) is an Australian-American Nobel laureate who is currently the President of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies.
 Previously she was a biological researcher at the University of California, San Francisco, who studied the telomere, a structure at the end of chromosomes that protects the chromosome.
 Blackburn co-discovered telomerase, the enzyme that replenishes the telomere.
 For this work, she was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, sharing it with Carol W. Greider and Jack W. Szostak, becoming the only Tasmanian-born Nobel laureate.
 She also worked in medical ethics, and was controversially dismissed from the Bush Administration's President's Council on Bioethics.
Thomas John Campbell (born August 14, 1952) is an American academic, educator and former politician.
 He is Professor of Law at the Dale E. Fowler School of Law, and a Professor of Economics at the George Argyros School of Business and Economics, at Chapman University, in Orange, California.
 He was Dean of Chapman University School of Law from 2011-16, a former five-term Republican United States Congressman from California's 12th and 15th districts, former member of the California State Senate, a former professor at Stanford Law School, former dean of the Haas School of Business, and former professor of business administration at the University of California, Berkeley.
 In 2000 he retired from his House seat to run for the U.S. Senate but lost decisively to incumbent Dianne Feinstein.
 He served as the Director of Finance for the State of California from 2004 to 2005.
 On June 8, 2010, he lost his third bid for the United States Senate, and second for the seat held by Democrat Barbara Boxer, losing the Republican nomination to Carly Fiorina.
William Spencer Vickrey (21 June 1914 – 11 October 1996) was a Canadian-born professor of economics and Nobel Laureate.
 Vickrey was awarded the 1996 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with James Mirrlees for their research into the economic theory of incentives under asymmetric information, becoming the only Nobel laureate born in British Columbia.
The Department of Chemistry at the University of Cambridge is the chemistry department of the University of Cambridge.
 It was formed from a merger in the early 1980s of two separate departments that had moved into the Lensfield Road building decades earlier: the Department of Physical Chemistry (originally led by Professor Ronald Norrish FRS, Nobel Laureate; the department was previously located near the Old Cavendish in Free Street - see photo) and the Department of Chemistry (that included theoretical chemistry and which was led by Lord Alexander R. Todd FRS, Nobel Laureate) respectively.
 Research interests in the department cover a broad of chemistry ranging from molecular biology to geophysics.
 The department is located on the Lensfield Road, next to the Panton Arms on the South side of Cambridge.
 s of 2015 the department is home to around 200 postdoctoral research staff, over 250 postgraduate students, around sixty academic staff.
The Center for American War Letters was established in 2013 when historian Andrew Carroll donated more than 100,000 war letters to Chapman University.
The Center for American War Letters(CAWL) is housed in the Leatherby Libraries building at Chapman University in Orange, California.
 Every American conflict is represented in the collections at CAWL, including more than 40 linear feet of correspondence from World War II.
 Scholars and the public can visit the Center and browse its holdings by visiting the Center during business hours.
 There are also regular exhibits at CAWL featuring the letters and other war ephemera.
Chapman University's Dale E. Fowler School of Law, commonly referred to as Chapman University School of Law or Chapman Law School, is a private, non-profit law school located in Orange, California.
 The school offers the Juris Doctor degree (JD), combined programs offering a JD/MBA and JD/MFA in Film & Television Producing, and multiple LL.M.
 degree options.
 The school also offers emphasis options in Business Law, Criminal Law, Entertainment Law, Environmental Law, International Law, Trial Advocacy, and Taxation.
 Currently, the school has 74 full- and part-time faculty members and a law library with holdings in excess of 290,000 volumes and volume equivalents.
Loker Hydrocarbon Research Institute is on the campus of the University of Southern California.
 Nobel laureate George A. Olah serves as Director and G. K. Surya Prakash serves as Scientific Co-Director and holds the George A. and Judith A. Olah Nobel Laureate Chair of Chemistry.
Paul Delos Boyer (born July 31, 1918) is an American biochemist, analytical chemist, and a professor of chemistry at University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) .
 He shared the 1997 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for research on the "enzymatic mechanism underlying the biosynthesis of adenosine triphosphate (ATP)" (ATP synthase) with John E. Walker, making Boyer the only Utah-born Nobel laureate; the remainder of the Prize in that year was awarded to Danish chemist Jens Christian Skou for his discovery of the Na+/K+-ATPase.
 He is the oldest living Nobel laureate at age 99 .
Chapman University is a private, non-profit university located in Orange, California, United States.
 It is affiliated with the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).
 Chapman University encompasses ten schools and colleges: Dodge College of Film and Media Arts, Wilkinson College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Argyros School of Business and Economics, the School of Communication, Schmid College of Science and Technology, College of Performing Arts, Dale E. Fowler School of Law, College of Educational Studies, the School of Pharmacy, and the Crean College of Health and Behavioral Sciences.
 Chapman also operates Brandman University as a separate, fully accredited university within the Chapman University System.
François Baron Englert (] ; born 6 November 1932) is a Belgian theoretical physicist and 2013 Nobel prize laureate (shared with Peter Higgs).
 He is Professor emeritus at the Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB) where he is member of the Service de Physique Théorique.
 He is also a Sackler Professor by Special Appointment in the School of Physics and Astronomy at Tel Aviv University and a member of the Institute for Quantum Studies at Chapman University in California.
 He was awarded the 2010 J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics (with Gerry Guralnik, C. R. Hagen, Tom Kibble, Peter Higgs, and Robert Brout), the Wolf Prize in Physics in 2004 (with Brout and Higgs) and the High Energy and Particle Prize of the European Physical Society (with Brout and Higgs) in 1997 for the mechanism which unifies short and long range interactions by generating massive gauge vector bosons.
 He has made contributions in statistical physics, quantum field theory, cosmology, string theory and supergravity.
 He is the recipient of the 2013 Prince of Asturias Award in technical and scientific research, together with Peter Higgs and the CERN.
