Hal Donell Williams, Jr. (born November 11, 1991), also known by his stage name Pyramid Vritra, is an American rapper and record producer from Los Angeles, California.
 He is currently signed to Stones Throw Records.
 Aside from his solo career, he is a founding member of Los Angeles-based hip hop collective Odd Future, and Atlanta-based hip hop collective Nobody Really Knows.
 Also, he is one half of The Jet Age of Tomorrow with former Odd Future member Matt Martians.
Hand Over Fist is a collaborative album by Minnesota rapper Mike Mictlan and hip hop producer Lazerbeak, both members of Minneapolis hip hop collective Doomtree.
 The album was released on Doomtree Records on October 14, 2008.
Audition is the second studio album by P.O.S, a member of Minneapolis hip hop collective Doomtree.
 It was released in 2006 on Rhymesayers Entertainment.
Ipecac Neat is the first studio album by P.O.S, a member of Minneapolis hip hop collective Doomtree.
 It was released in 2004 on Doomtree Records, then re-released the next year on Rhymesayers Entertainment.
Chill, Dummy (often stylized as Chill, dummy) is the fifth studio album by American hip hop artist P.O.S, a member of Minneapolis hip hop collective Doomtree.
 It was released January 27, 2017 on Doomtree Records, which is the first P.O.S solo album on the label released since "Ipecac Neat" in 2004.
 Guest appearances include Busdriver, Astronautalis, Open Mike Eagle and Justin Vernon, among others.
Hip hop or hip-hop is a subculture and art movement developed in South Bronx in New York City during the late 1970s.
 While people unfamiliar with hip hop culture often use the expression "hip hop" to refer exclusively to hip hop music (also called "rap"), Hip hop is characterized by nine distinct elements or expressive realms, of which hip hop music is only four elements (rapping, djaying, beatboxing and breaking).
 Afrika Bambaataa of the hip hop collective Zulu Nation outlined the pillars of hip hop culture, coining the terms: "rapping" (also called MCing or emceeing), a rhythmic vocal rhyming style (orality); DJing (and turntablism), which is making music with record players and DJ mixers (aural/sound and music creation); b-boying/b-girling/breakdancing (movement/dance); and graffiti art, which he called "aerosol writin'", although many say that the graffiti that hip hop adopted had been around years earlier, and had nothing to do with hip hop culture.
 (visual art).
 Other elements of hip hop subculture and arts movements beyond the main four are: hip hop culture and historical knowledge of the movement (intellectual/philosophical); beatboxing, a percussive vocal style; street entrepreneurship; hip hop language; and hip hop fashion and style, among others.
More Than Ever is the third studio album by American hip hop artist Sims, a member of Minneapolis hip hop collective Doomtree.
 It was released on Doomtree Records on November 4, 2016.
Tunnel Rats is a West Coast underground hip hop collective founded in 1993 in Whittier, California.
 Named after the tunnel rats in the Vietnam war, the mixed-gender, multi-racial collective consists of some seventeen individual members and incorporates four affiliated groups, LPG, Future Shock, Foundation, and New Breed, which have recorded both within Tunnel Rats and independently.
 Several members also formed two additional side-projects, Footsoldiers and The Resistance, which recorded one album in 2006 and collaborated with KRS-One.
 Pioneers in the Christian hip hop genre, Tunnel Rats often met with resistance from church leaders who disliked the collective's aggressive style and felt that Tunnel Rats praised their rapping skills more than glorifying God.
 In the early 2000s, the East Coast group The Cross Movement likewise criticized Tunnel Rats, claiming it did not place enough emphasis on the Gospel.
 Due to a high number of Mexicans in the collective, Tunnel Rats also encountered racism when performing in the South.
 Despite these hardships, Tunnel Rats managed to garner critical acclaim and significantly impacted the Christian hip hop movement.
 The collective has released four albums, plus numerous additional recordings from its affiliated groups and individual members.
 Though currently on hiatus, Tunnel Rats has not disbanded, according to a statement by member Peace 586.
Isaiah Rashad McClain (born May 16, 1991), is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer from Chattanooga, Tennessee.
 Rashad began taking rapping seriously in tenth grade, where he and his friends would record on laptops.
 He spent the next few years recording at local recording studios.
 His first big break would be touring with rappers Juicy J, Joey Badass and Smoke DZA among others, on the 2012 Smoker's Club Tour.
 He is also a founding member of the Chattanooga hip hop collective The House along with fellow Chattanooga rapper TUT and a member of the Chicago hip hop collective The Village along with artist Kembe X, Alex Wiley and more.
Herbert Brown, better known by his stage name McGruff (also known as Herb McGruff) is an American Hip hop recording artist from Harlem, New York City, New York.
 Brown started rapping in his early teens.
 He embarked on his music career in the hip hop group Bronx Most Wanted, alongside rappers Jay Q and Tee U.B. Brown later became a member of the hip hop collective Children of the Corn.
 As a member of Children of the Corn, Brown worked alongside Big L, Cam'ron, Bloodshed and Mase, all of whom would go on to have successful careers in the music industry.
 After the group disbanded without releasing any material, Brown made his first appearance on Big L's debut album, "Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous" (1995), on the tracks "8 Iz Enuff" and "Dangerzone".
 Eventually, Brown signed a deal with popular hip hop label, Uptown Records and began recording his debut album, "Destined to Be".
 In early 1998, the album's lead single "Before We Start" became a minor hit, charting on several "Billboard" charts.
 In the Summer of 1998, "Destined to Be" was released but failed to sell many copies, only peaking at 169 on the "Billboard" 200, and Brown was released from his contract.
 Brown would make appearances with Heavy D on his album, "Waterbed Hev" and the "Woo" soundtrack.
 In 2009, Brown appeared on Mase's mixtape "I Do the Impossible".
 In 2010, he was featured heavily on The Diplomats mixtape, "The D.I.P. Agenda."
 In 2014, DJ Kay Slay, enlisted Brown, along with Raekwon, Fat Joe, Ghostface Killah, Sheek Louch, N.O.R.E., Lil' Fame, Prodigy and Rell, for a song titled "90s Flow".
