The Prussian mythology was a polytheistic religion of the Old Prussians, indigenous peoples of Prussia before the Prussian Crusade waged by the Teutonic Knights.
 It was closely related to other Baltic faiths, the Lithuanian and Latvian mythologies.
 Its myths and legends did not survive as Prussians became Germanized and extinct in the early 18th century.
 Fragmentary information on gods and rituals can be found in various medieval chronicles, but most of them are unreliable.
 No sources document pagan religion before the forced Christianization in the 13th century.
 Most of what is known about Prussian religion is obtained from dubious 16th-century sources ("Sudovian Book" and Simon Grunau).
The Treaty of Christburg (modern Dzierzgoń in Poland) was a peace treaty signed on 2 February 1249 between the pagan Prussian clans, represented by a papal legate, and the Teutonic Knights.
 It is often cited as the end of the First Prussian Uprising, but it was not adhered to or enforced, especially after the Battle of Krücken in November 1249, where Prussians massacred and tortured to death 54 knights who had surrendered.
 The treaty guaranteed personal rights to all Prussians who converted to Christianity, but it did nothing to establish peace as many Prussians did not wish to convert and the Knights swore to root out paganism.
 It is one of the few documents from the period that survive in full to this day.
 It provides a useful insight into the life and religious tensions in pagan Prussia.
 It also offers a small glimpse into the Prussian mythology and traditions.
Battle of Pagastin was a medieval battle fought between the Teutonic Knights and Prussians in 1271 during the Great Prussian Uprising (1260–1274).
 Pagan Prussians rose against their conquerors, who tried to convert them to Christianity, after Lithuanians and Samogitians soundly defeated the joint forces of the Teutonic Knights and the Livonian Order in the Battle of Durbe in 1260.
 The first years of the uprising were successful to Prussians, but the Knights received reinforcements from Western Europe and were gaining upper hand in the conflict.
Battle of Lubawa or Löbau was a battle fought between the Teutonic Order and Prussians in 1263 during the Great Prussian Uprising.
 The pagan Prussians rose against their conquerors, who tried to convert them to Christianity, after Lithuanians and Samogitians soundly defeated the joint forces of the Teutonic Knights and the Livonian Order in the Battle of Durbe (1260).
 The first years of the uprising were successful to Prussians, who defeated the Knights in the Battle of Pokarwis and besieged castles held by the Knights.
The Lithuanian Crusade was a series of campaigns by the Teutonic Order and the Livonian Order, two crusading military orders, to convert the pagan Grand Duchy of Lithuania into Roman Catholicism.
 The Livonian Order settled in Riga in 1202 and the Teutonic Order arrived to Culmerland in 1230s.
 They first conquered other neighboring Baltic tribes – Curonians, Semigallians, Latgalians, Selonians, Old Prussians (see Livonian Crusade and Prussian Crusade).
 The first raid against the Lithuanians and Samogitians was in 1208 and the Orders played a key role in Lithuanian politics, but they were not a direct and immediate threat until 1280s.
 By that time the Grand Duchy of Lithuania was already an established state and could offer organized defense.
 Thus for the next hundred years the Knights organized annual destructive "reise" (raids) into the Samogitian and Lithuanian lands but without great success: border regions in Samogitia and Suvalkija became sparsely inhabited wilderness, but the Order gained very little territory.
 The Grand Duchy finally converted to Christianity in 1386, when Grand Duke Jogaila accepted baptism from Poland before his wedding to reigning Queen Jadwiga and coronation as King of Poland.
 However, the baptism did not stop the crusade as the Order publicly challenged sincerity of the conversion at the Papal court.
 Lithuania, together with its new powerful ally Poland, defeated the Order in the decisive Battle of Grunwald in 1410, which is often cited as the end of the Lithuanian Crusade.
 The final peace was reached by the Treaty of Melno (1422).
The Prussian uprisings were two major and three smaller uprisings by the Prussians, one of the Baltic tribes, against the Teutonic Knights that took place in the 13th century during the Prussian Crusade.
 The crusading military order, supported by the Popes and Christian Europe, sought to conquer and convert the pagan Prussians.
 In the first ten years of the crusade five of the seven major Prussian clans fell under the control of the less numerous Teutonic Knights.
 However, the Prussians rose against their conquerors on five occasions.
Widewuto (also "Viduutus", "Vidvutus", "Witowudi", "Waidewut") was a legendary king of the pagan Prussians who ruled along with his elder brother, the high priest Bruteno in the 6th century AD.
 They are known from writings of 16th-century chroniclers Erasmus Stella, Simon Grunau, and Lucas David.
 Though the legend lacks historical credibility, it became popular with medieval historians.
 It is unclear whether the legend was authentically Prussian (i.e. recorded from Prussian mythology) or was created by Grunau (possibly inspired by Biblical Moses and Aaron), though Lithuanian researchers tend to support in its authenticity.
Old Prussians or Baltic Prussians (Old Prussian: "Prūsai"; German: "Pruzzen" or "Prußen"; Latin: "Pruteni" ; Latvian: "Prūši" ; Lithuanian: "Prūsai" ; Polish: "Prusowie" ; Kashubian: "Prësowié" ) refers to the indigenous peoples from a cluster of Baltic tribes that inhabited the region of Prussia.
 This region became the core of the later state of Prussia.
 It was located on the south-eastern shore of the Baltic Sea between the Vistula Lagoon to the west and the Curonian Lagoon to the east.
 The people spoke a language now known as Old Prussian and followed pagan Prussian mythology.
Glappo (or Glappe) (baptized as "Charles" or "Carolus") was the leader of Warmians, one of the Prussian clans, during the Great Prussian Uprising (1260–1274) against the Teutonic Knights.
 In 1249 Pope Urban IV had installed the papal legate Jacob Pantaleon to aid the Teutonic Order and after the battle at the Durbe, the pope called for a crusade against the Prussians and sent knights who were on their way against the Tatars back to the crusades against the Prussians.
 During those crusades and as a result the unbaptized parts of the Prussians began uprisings and Glappo and his men successfully captured Braunsberg.
 When Glappo ambushed and killed forty people who left the castle to gather firewood and fodder, the Bishop of Warmia decided against trying to defend the town and abandoned it.
 In 1266 large reinforcements for the Teutonic Knights, led by Otto III and John I, co-rulers of Brandenburg, arrived to Prussia.
 They built a castle on the border of Warmian and Natangian lands between Balga and Königsberg and named it Brandenburg (now Ushakovo).
 When a native woman informed Glappo that most of the soldiers were away on a raid and the place is practically unguarded, Warmians attacked and captured the outer walls and the towers.
 When Teutonic soldiers returned, they did not try to recapture the castle.
 The very next year Duke Otto was back to rebuild the castle.
 Glappo was killed trying to recapture Brandenburg.
 In 1273, at the very end of the uprising, Warmians besieged Brandenburg, but did not put sufficient guards on the road from Königsberg.
 This allowed the Knights to attack the Prussians from the rear.
 Warmians suffered a crushing defeat and Glappo was captured.
 He was latter hanged on a hill outside Königsberg that is sometimes referred to as "Glappo's hill" ("Glappenberg").
 He was the last important Prussian leader, and after his death only Pogesanians were left fighting.
The Prussian Crusade was a series of 13th-century campaigns of Roman Catholic crusaders, primarily led by the Teutonic Knights, to Christianize the pagan Old Prussians.
 Invited after earlier unsuccessful expeditions against the Prussians by Polish princes, the Teutonic Knights began campaigning against the Balts in 1230.
 By the end of the century, having quelled several Prussian Uprisings, the Knights had established control over Prussia and administered the Prussians through their monastic state.
