"The Mama Doll Song" is a popular music song that was written by Nat Simon with lyrics by Charles Tobias.
 It was published in 1954.
 A recording by Patti Page was released by Mercury Records as catalog number 70458.
 It first reached the Billboard magazine Best Seller chart on October 20, 1954 and lasted 3 weeks on the chart, peaking at #24.
 The flip side was "I Can't Tell a Waltz from a Tango."
Let There Be Love is Joni James debut album, recorded in 1953 and released by MGM Records at the end of the year.
 It was released in a four-disc 10-inch 78-rpm record box, in both a two-disc 7-inch 45-rpm extended-play foldout album and a four-disc 45-rpm regular-play box and on a 10-inch 33⅓-rpm album.
 The serial number, 222, coincidentally included James's lucky number, "22," which appeared in many of her record serial numbers all over the world.
 The album is the first to present its songs as a book in music, opening with "Let There Be Love" and closing with "I'll Be Seeing You", with the songs telling a story start to finish.
 The memorable cover was done at M-G-M Pictures Studios in Culver City by artist Russ Gale.
 From the album a single of "Let There Be Love" and "You're Nearer" was shipped to radio stations.
 Then, by public demand, a single of "You're My Everything" and "You're Nearer" was released.
 This album offered Joni's second recording of "Let There Be Love," which had been released in an earlier version in 1952 as her first single on Sharp Records in Chicago, then going to M-G-M Records for further distribution.
 Both recordings were arranged and conducted by Lew Douglas.
 "Let There Be Love" went to the top of the album charts and was the sixth-best-selling album of 1953.
 In 1956 the album was reissued as a 12-inch L.P. and in three single EPs; there was no EP set including the entire album.
 For this release, four Joni James singles were added, but one of them had never been released.
 That was "I Need You Now," which was to have followed the hit "My Love, My Love" but was canceled when Eddie Fisher came out with a version recorded several weeks after Joni's.
 M-G-M had expected Joni's original version to go straight to #1.
 For the new album the first four songs and second four songs were switched to get "You're My Everything" in the outside groove of the L.P. to facilitate disc jockey play.
 So, for 50 years, the story the album tells has been garbled.
 In 1961 the album got new cover art, a new serial number (E3931), and an electronically simulated stereo release.
 Released again on compact disk with yet more bonus tracks, the album is in its fifth decade as a best seller.
 Joni James hopes for yet another release which will restore the original song order.
 Significantly, for her last M-G-M album, "Bossa Nova Style", Joni included new recordings of several songs from "Let There Be Love", including a new single of "You're Nearer."
 That album was arranged by Lew Douglas's protégé Chuck Sagle.
 This information comes from Wayne Brasler, longtime President of the Joni James International Fan Club and the writer of the album notes for all Joni James' CD releases.
The Manhattan Center building, built in 1906 and located at 311 West 34th Street in Midtown Manhattan, houses Manhattan Center Studios (home to two recording studios), its Grand Ballroom, and the Hammerstein Ballroom, one of New York City's most renowned performance venues.
 In 1976, the building was purchased by its current owner, the Unification Church for $3 million.
"Outside of Heaven" is a popular music song written by Sammy Gallop and Chester Conn.
 A recording by Eddie Fisher with Hugo Winterhalter's orchestra and chorus was made at Manhattan Center, New York City, on July 19, 1952.
 It was released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 20-4953 (in USA) and by EMI on the His Master's voice label as catalog number B 10362.
"My Son, My Son" is a traditional popular music song written by Gordon Melville Rees, Bob Howard and Eddie Calvert in 1954.
 A recording of the song by Vera Lynn reached number one in the UK Singles Chart in November that year.
 It was Lynn's only number one hit, reached towards the end of her peak of activity.
 Earlier, in 1951, she had reached #1 in the U.S. Billboard chart with her recording of "Auf Wiederseh'n Sweetheart".
 "My Son, My Son" was Lynn's fifth chart hit in the UK, following on from "Auf Wiederseh'n Sweetheart", "Forget-Me-Not", "The Homing Waltz" (all 1952) and "The Windsor Waltz" (1953).
The Jane Pickens Show is an American television series which aired in 1954 on ABC.
 It was a music program aired in a 15-minute time-slot, and starred popular radio singer Jane Pickens.
 Music programs aired in 15-minute time-slots were a common type of show on the then-"Big 4" U.S. networks, with many popular singers such as Dinah Shore, Eddie Fisher, Perry Como etc. doing such series.
 They typically ran for 12-13 minutes excluding the ads, and many accompanied the evening news, which in those days was also 15-minutes.
African popular music, like African traditional music, is vast and varied.
 Most contemporary genres of African popular music build on cross-pollination with western popular music.
 Many genres of popular music like blues, jazz, salsa, zouk, and rumba derive to varying degrees on musical traditions from Africa, taken to the Americas by enslaved Africans.
 These rhythms and sounds have subsequently been adapted by newer genres like rock, and rhythm and blues.
 Likewise, African popular music has adopted elements, particularly the musical instruments and recording studio techniques of western music.
Louis Isidore "Buddy" Bregman (July 9, 1930 – January 8, 2017) was an American arranger, producer, and composer.
 He worked with many of the greatest musical artists of 20th Century popular music, including: Ella Fitzgerald, Bing Crosby, Judy Garland, Fred Astaire, Louis Armstrong, Sammy Davis Jr., Peggy Lee, Bobby Darin, Anita O'Day, Frank Sinatra, Count Basie, Oscar Peterson, Jerry Lewis, Paul Anka, Buddy Rich, Eddie Fisher, Annie Ross, and Carmen McRae.
 He became Ethel Merman's personal arranger.
Ben Raleigh (June 16, 1913, New York – February 26, 1997, Hollywood) was an American lyricist and composer responsible for a number of major hits, including "Dungaree Doll", "Wonderful, Wonderful", "Hold on Girl", "She's a Fool", "I Don't Wanna Be a Loser", "Laughing on the Outside (Crying on the Inside)", “Love is a Hurtin' Thing”, “Tell Laura I Love Her” and "That's How Heartaches Are Made".
 His songs were recorded by artists such as Eddie Fisher, Nat King Cole, Johnny Mathis, Aretha Franklin, Bobby Darin, The Monkees, Dinah Shore, Lesley Gore, Ray Peterson and Lou Rawls.
 "Tell Laura I Love Her" reached No.1 in the UK in 1960.
 "Laughing on the Outside (Crying on the Inside)" peaked at No.3 in the United States in 1946.
"I'm Yours" is a 1952 popular song by Robert Mellin.
 Recordings of it were made by Eddie Fisher (the biggest hit version), Don Cornell, The Four Aces, and Toni Arden.
