Gongqingcheng () is a county-level city in northern Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China, established on 10 September 2010.
 It is under the administration of Jiujiang City, 55 km to the northeast, and is located 62 km north of Nanchang, the provincial capital.
 Situated in the vicinity of De'an, Yongxiu, and Xingzi Counties, it lies in the foothills of Mount Lu and lies on the western shore of Poyang Lake.
 With an area of 193 km2 , it is home to 120,000 people, including 68,000 permanent residents.
 There are plans for the city to expand the population to 400,000 people.
 It is the only city in China to be named after the Communist Youth League of China, which in Chinese is abbreviated to "共青团"; hence its name literally means "Communist Youth League City".
Zhangshu () is a county-level city in Yichun, which is located in the west-central Jiangxi Province.
 It has an area of 1,291 km² with a population of 536,500.
 It is the first county of China Top 100 County in Jiangxi Province.
 The literal translation of the name is Camphor laurel, because traditionally, the city was a major commercial hub for camphor laurel oil.
 Zhangshu is famous for Chinese medicinal herbs.
 What's more, the China top 10 medicine producer Renhe Group is located there.Officially, it is the Medicine Capital of China, and there are thousands of pharmaceutical companies.
 Hundreds of thousands of kinds of Chinese herbal medicines are saled by bulk or by retail.
Humboldt Bay National Wildlife Refuge is located on Humboldt Bay, on the California North Coast near the cities of Eureka and Arcata.
 The refuge exists primarily to protect and enhance wetland habitats for migratory water birds using the bay area, including tens of thousands of shorebirds, ducks, geese, swans, and the black brant.
 Humboldt Bay National Wildlife Refuge, along with other public and private lands around Humboldt Bay, is one of the key stopovers for the millions of migratory birds that rely on the Pacific Flyway.
 More than 200 bird species, including 80 kinds of water birds and four endangered species, regularly feed, rest, or nest on the refuge or other areas around the bay.
Gongqingcheng Railway Station is a railway station located in Gongqingcheng city of the Jiujiang city prefecture, in Jiangxi province, eastern China.
 It serves the Changjiu Intercity Railway and Nanchang–Jiujiang Intercity Railway.
 The station is accessed by Jiuxian Avenue and close to Route G70 Highway.
Loudi () is a prefecture-level city located in central Hunan province, China.
 It is situated about 110 km southwest of the provincial capital of Changsha and is considered a small to medium size city within the province.
 According to the 2010 Census, the population of Loudi is of 3,785,627 inhabitants in an area of 8,117 km² .
 In 2007, the city is named China's top ten livable cities by Chinese Cities Brand Value Report, which was released at 2007 Beijing Summit of China Cities Forum.
The China National Tea Museum () is located in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China.
 The exhibitions display tea production, and different kinds of tea.
 Exhibitions are in Chinese and English languages.
Xiangyang () is a prefecture-level city in northwestern Hubei province, People's Republic of China.
 It was known as Xiangfan () until December 2, 2010.
 Xiangyang is divided by the Han River, which runs through its heart and divides the city north-south.
 The city itself is an incorporation of two once separate, ancient cities: Fancheng and Xiangzhou.
 What remains of old Xianyang is located south of the Han River and contains one of the oldest still-intact city walls in China while Fancheng was located to the north of the Han River.
 Both cities served prominent historical roles in both the Ancient and Pre-Modern Periods of Chinese history.
 Today, the city is, after the capital Wuhan, the second largest in the province, located about halfway between Wuhan and Xi'an.
 It is considered one of the third tier cities in China and has been a target of government and private investment as the country seeks to urbanize and develop the interior provinces.
During the November 1978 to December 1979, thousands of people put up "big character poster" on a long brick wall of Xidan Street, Xicheng District of Beijing, to protest about the political and social issues of China.
 Under acquiescence of the Chinese government, other kinds of protest activities, such as unofficial journals (Chinese: 地下刊物), petitions, and demonstrations, were also soon spreading out in major cities of China.
 This movement can be seen as the beginning of the Chinese Democracy Movement.
 It also known as the "Democracy Wall Movement" (Chinese: 民主牆運動).
 This short period of political liberation was called as "Beijing Spring".
Wuju (), or Jinhua opera, is a form of Chinese opera from Jinhua, in the eastern province of Zhejiang, China.
 It is also performed in Lishui, Linhai, Jiande, Chun'an, Zhejiang, as well as in northeastern Jiangxi province, in cities such as Yushan, Shangrao, Guixi, Boyang, and Jingdezhen.
 It is named for Wuzhou (婺州), an ancient name for Jinhua.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Taizhou/Linhai (Latin: "Taeceuven(sis)" , ) is a diocese located in the city of Taizhou in the Ecclesiastical province of Hangzhou in China.
