The Brezno train accident was a train accident which occurred close to Brezno, Slovakia, on 21 February 2009, when a train collided with a tourist coach on a level crossing.
 Twelve people were killed and at least twenty people were injured in the crash.
 All of the deaths and injuries occurred on the bus, which was pushed for tens of metres by the derailed train.
 The crash scene is near the popular ski resort of Polomka Bucnik, where the tourists were headed.
 The crash led to the third national day of mourning in Slovakia's history.
Robert Lopez (born February 23, 1975) is an American songwriter of musicals, best known for co-creating "The Book of Mormon" and "Avenue Q", and for composing the songs featured in the Disney animated film "Frozen".
 He is the youngest of only twelve people who have won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and a Tony Award, and the quickest (10 years) to win all four.
The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence) is a 2011 Dutch black and white exploitation-horror film written, directed, and co-produced by Dutch filmmaker Tom Six.
 The sequel to Six's 2009 film "The Human Centipede (First Sequence)", the film stars Laurence R. Harvey as a mentally impaired English man who watches and becomes obsessed with the first "Human Centipede" film, and decides to make his own "centipede" consisting of twelve people, including Ashlynn Yennie, an actress from the first film.
The Castelldefels train accident occurred on 23 June 2010 when a passenger train struck a group of people who were crossing the railway on the level at Platja de Castelldefels station to the southwest of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.
 Twelve people were killed, and fourteen injured: all victims but one Romanian were of Latin American origin, with a majority from Ecuador.
A people's jury, or citizen's jury, is an institution used by a democratically elected body to resolve a divisive issue, in order to reach a consensus.
 An example, which occurred in Oxfordshire in the late 1990s, was the use of a people's jury to resolve where to site a waste recycling plant.
 A group of twelve people was selected as though they were going to belong to a legal jury.
 They were then taken on a guided tour of the county and introduced to experts in various fields.
 After they had been given the opportunity to perform sufficient research, they were asked to choose the site to use.
In music, a duodecet—sometimes duodectet, or duodecimette—is a composition which requires twelve musicians for a performance, or a musical group that consists of twelve people.
 In jazz, such a group of twelve players is sometimes called a "twelvetet".
 The corresponding German word is duodezett.
 The French equivalent form, douzetuor, is virtually unknown (in sharp contrast to "dixtuor", the French word for decet).
 Unlike some other musical ensembles such as the string quartet, there is no established or standard set of instruments in a duodecet.
During President Ronald Reagan's presidency, he nominated at least twelve people for various federal appellate judgeship who were not confirmed.
 In some cases, the nominations were not processed by the Democratic-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee before Reagan's presidency ended, while in other cases, nominees were rejected by the Senate Judiciary Committee or even blocked by unfriendly members of the Republican Party.
 Three of the nominees were renominated by Reagan's successor, President George H. W. Bush.
 Two of the nominees, Ferdinand Francis Fernandez and Guy G. Hurlbutt, were nominated after July 1, 1988, the traditional start date of the unofficial Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year.
 Eight of the twelve seats eventually were filled by appointees of President George H. W. Bush.
The 2003 Marriott Hotel bombing occurred on 5 August 2003 in Mega Kuningan, South Jakarta, Indonesia.
 A suicide bomber detonated a car bomb outside the lobby of the JW Marriott Hotel, killing twelve people and injuring 150.
 Those killed were mostly Indonesian, with the exception of one Dutch man.
 The hotel was viewed as a Western symbol, and had been used by the United States embassy for various events.
 The hotel was closed for five weeks and reopened to the public on 8 September.
Ted Kooshian (born October 8, 1961) is an American jazz pianist, keyboardist, and composer, who has performed with Aretha Franklin, Chuck Berry, Marvin Hamlisch, Sarah Brightman, Il Divo, and Blood, Sweat, and Tears.
 Kooshian has played in many Broadway pit orchestras, and has been a member of the Ed Palermo Big Band since 1994.
 Originally from San Jose, California, Kooshian has been performing since the 1980s.
Clement Arthur Milton (10 March 1928 – 25 April 2007) was an English cricketer and footballer.
 He played County cricket for Gloucestershire from 1948 to 1974, playing six Test matches for England in 1958 and 1959.
 He also played domestic football for Arsenal between 1951 and 1955, and then for a brief period for Bristol City.
 He played one match for England in 1951, against Austria at Wembley.
 He was the last man, and the last survivor, of the twelve people to have played at the highest international level for both England's football and cricket teams.
