The alien autopsy is a 17-minute black and white film depicting a medical examination or autopsy.
 It was released in 1995 by London-based entrepreneur Ray Santilli.
 He presented it as an authentic autopsy on the body of an extraterrestrial being recovered from the 1947 crash of a "flying disc" near Roswell, New Mexico.
 The film footage was allegedly supplied to him by a retired military cameraman who wished to remain anonymous.
Girls!
 Girls!
 Girls!
 is a 1962 Golden Globe-nominated American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley as a penniless Hawaiian fisherman who loves his life on the sea and dreams of owning his own boat. "
Return to Sender", which reached #2 on the "Billboard" pop singles chart, is featured in the movie.
 The movie opened at #6 on the "Variety" box office chart and finished the year at #31 on the year-end list of the top-grossing movies of 1962.
 The movie earned $2.6 million at the box office.
Doctor Who: Series 4 is a soundtrack album released on 17 November 2008, containing incidental music that was used throughout the fourth series of the BBC science fiction television programme "Doctor Who".
 The music was composed by the British musical director Murray Gold and was orchestrated by his collaborator Ben Foster who had previously worked with him on the films "Alien Autopsy", "I Want Candy" and most recently Frank Oz's "Death at a Funeral".
William Davies (sometimes credited William Davis or Will Davies) is an English screenwriter and film producer.
 He has written and co-written a number of films including 1988's "Twins", "The Real McCoy", "Johnny English", "Alien Autopsy", "Flushed Away", "How to Train Your Dragon", "Johnny English Reborn" and "Puss in Boots".
Harum Scarum is a 1965 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley, which was shot on the original Cecil B. DeMille set from the film "The King of Kings" with additional footage shot on location at the Iverson Movie Ranch in Chatsworth, Calif. Some of the film was based on Rudolph Valentino's "The Sheik" released in 1921.
 The film reached #11 on the "Variety" national weekly box office chart, earned $2 million at the box office, and finished #40 on the year end list of the top-grossing films of 1965.
 The film is listed in Golden Raspberry Award founder John Wilson's book "The Official Razzie Movie Guide" as one of The 100 Most Enjoyably Bad Movies Ever Made.
 The film was released in the United Kingdom as "Harem Holiday".
In 2003 SVCC started their production career with the movie "Ee Abbai Chala Manchodu", directed by "Agathiyan", starring "Ravi Teja", "Sangeetha Krish" and Vani.
 After a gap of a year, SVCC produced one of the biggest blockbuster hits of Tollywood, "Chatrapathi", directed by "S. S. Rajamouli" starring "Prabhas" and "Shriya Saran".
 SVCC uniquely paired in alternate movies with "Ravi Teja" and "Prabhas" for their next two movies, "Khatarnak" starring "Ileana D'Cruz" and "Kajal Aggarwal".
 The production house gained its popularity, by selectiong new scripts always. "
Darling" starring "Prabhas" was their third film together and this was also a hit at the box office.
 This was the second movie with "Kajal Aggarwal".
 They paved way to many other huge movies like, "Devudu Chesina Manushulu", "Ongole Gitta" etc..
 They made some movies like "Sahasam", starring "Gopichand", "Taapsee Pannu", which was an action based historic film and it also created a new dimension for Gopichand's career. "
Attarintiki Daredi" starring "Pawan Kalyan", "Samantha Ruth Prabhu" and "Pranitha Subhash" is again a huge hit yet again at the box office.
 The movie was written and directed by the ace director "Trivikram Srinivas".
 Their films made their way to box office in the perfect way, "Dohchay","Nannaku Prematho" were also great at box office.
 The production house tries=d a new genre Comedy, starring "Allari Naresh", "Kruthika Jayakumar" directed by "G. Nageswara Reddy".
 Their latest film "Radha", with "Sharwanand" and "Lavanya Tripathi" is again a flag bearing hit movie at box office.
Vector 13 is a comic strip published in the British magazine "2000 AD".
 It featured the eponymous agency set up to investigate anomalous phenomena and conspiracy theories.
 It was influenced by American TV drama "The X-Files" (which was at the height of its popularity at the time) and other events like the 1995 release of the alien autopsy film; as the general interest in the paranormal and parapolitics waned, the series was wound up and replaced by "Pulp Sci-Fi" as a venue for single issue self-contained stories.
 In turn it foreshadowed other comics series dedicated to similar agencies, such as Caballistics, Inc. and the Bureau of Paranormal Research and Defense.
Alien Autopsy is a 2006 British comedy film with elements of science fiction, directed by Jonny Campbell.
 Written by William Davies, it relates the events surrounding the famous "alien autopsy" film promoted by Ray Santilli and stars Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly, also known as Ant & Dec.
 The film was a moderate commercial success domestically, making no. 3 on the British box office chart.
Ray Santilli (born 30 September 1958) is a British musician, record, and film producer, best known for his exploitation in 1995 of the controversial "alien autopsy" footage, subject of the Warners film "Alien Autopsy" featuring Harry Dean Stanton, Bill Pullman, and Ant & Dec.
Doctor Who: Series 3 is a soundtrack album that was released on 5 November 2007, containing incidental music that was used throughout the third series of the BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who.
 The music was composed by the British musical director Murray Gold and was orchestrated by his collaborator Ben Foster who had previously worked with him on the films "Alien Autopsy", "I Want Candy" and most recently Frank Oz's "Death at a Funeral".
