The Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film was awarded for the first time at the 64th Golden Globe Awards in 2007.
 It was the first time that the Golden Globe Awards had created a separate category for animated films since its establishment.
 The nominations are announced in January and an awards ceremony is held later in the month.
 Initially, only three films are nominated for best animated film, in contrast to five nominations for the majority of other awards.
 The Pixar film "Cars" was the first recipient of the award.
 The award for best animated film has subsequently been presented to six other Pixar films: "Ratatouille" received the award in 2008, "WALL-E" was the recipient in 2009, "Up" received the award in 2010, "Toy Story 3" won in 2011, "Brave" won in 2013, and "Inside Out" won in 2016.
 In 2012, "Cars 2" lost to "The Adventures of Tintin", in 2014, "Monsters University" was the first not to be nominated and also in 2016, "The Good Dinosaur" lost to "Inside Out".
 In 2017, "Finding Dory" was also not nominated.
 The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has been awarding Golden Globe Awards since 1944.
Santa Fe is a Japanese nude photo book published in 1991.
 It was modelled by Rie Miyazawa, and photographed by Kishin Shinoyama.
 Taken at the peak of Miyazawa's career, it sold 1.5 million copies.
 Published with one image showing her pubic hair without any kind of mosaic, it stunned Japanese society because the authorities had just begun to permit the publication of such kinds of "hair-nude" photographs.
 After Miyazawa and "Santa Fe", many Japanese women celebrities followed her in releasing "hair-nude" photo books.
Geoffrey Roy Rush {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 July 1951) is an Australian actor and film producer.
 Rush is the youngest amongst the few people who have won the "Triple Crown of Acting": the Academy Award, the Primetime Emmy Award, and the Tony Award.
 He has won one Academy Award for acting (from four nominations), three British Academy Film Awards (from five nominations), two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. Rush is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year.
 He is also the first actor to win the Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Critics' Choice Movie Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for a single performance in film for his performance in "Shine" (1996).
The 71st Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and American television of 2013, was broadcast live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on January 12, 2014, by NBC, as part of the 2013-14 film awards season.
 The ceremony was produced by Dick Clark Productions in association with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.
 Woody Allen was announced as the Cecil B. DeMille Award honoree for his lifetime achievements on September 13, 2013, and Diane Keaton accepted the award for him.
 On October 15, Tina Fey and Amy Poehler were announced as the co-hosts for the second time in a row and as the co-hosts for the 72nd Golden Globe Awards.
 The nominations were announced on December 12, 2013, by Aziz Ansari, Zoe Saldana and Olivia Wilde. "
American Hustle", "Behind the Candelabra", "Breaking Bad", "Brooklyn Nine-Nine", and "Dallas Buyers Club" were among the films and television shows that received multiple awards.
Catherine Elise Blanchett, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 14 May 1969) is an Australian actress and theatre director.
 She has received international acclaim and many accolades, including two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three BAFTA Awards, six AACTA Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards. Blanchett came to international attention for her role as Elizabeth I of England in Shekhar Kapur's 1998 film "Elizabeth", for which she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award, and earned her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination.
 Her portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese's 2004 film "The Aviator" brought her critical acclaim and many accolades, including the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, making her the only actor to win an Oscar for portraying another Oscar-winning actor.
 In 2013, she starred as Jasmine Francis in Woody Allen's "Blue Jasmine", for which she won numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress.
The Golden Globe Award for Best Documentary Film was introduced for the 30th Golden Globe Awards and discontinued after the 34th Golden Globe Awards.
 The Elvis Presley concert film "Elvis on Tour" (1972) was the inaugural recipient in a tie with "Walls of Fire" (1972), a film examining the history and influence of Mexican mural artists.
 Earlier, in 1954, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association had awarded the film "A Queen is Crowned" (1953) a special award for "Best Documentary of Historical Interest", but that award was likewise discontinued.
Lost is an American drama series that aired on ABC from September 22, 2004 until May 23, 2010.
 It has been nominated for a variety of different awards, including 54 Primetime Emmy Awards (eleven wins), 48 Saturn Awards (thirteen wins), 33 Teen Choice Awards, 17 Television Critics Association Awards (four wins), 12 Golden Reel Awards (five wins), eight Satellite Awards (one win), seven Golden Globe Awards (one win), six Producers Guild of America Awards (one win), six Writers Guild of America Awards (one win), five Directors Guild of America Awards, two NAACP Image Awards (one win), two Screen Actors Guild Awards (one win), and one BAFTA Award.
 Amongst the wins for the series are a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, a Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama, a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series, and a Peabody Award.
In Mexico is the second photo book by American visual artist Jessica Lange, published by RM in United States, Mexico, Spain and United Kingdom, respectively, in 2010.
 As such, her monograph that followed a pattern of its predecessor "50 Photographs" (2008), was issued on the Spanish-speaking market under an alternate title, En México.
The 55th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1997, were held on January 18, 1998.
 The winners were selected from the 55th Golden Globe Awards nominees.
 The ceremony was notable for two memorable moments.
 First, when Christine Lahti was announced as the winner of Best Actress in a Television Drama, she was in the restroom and came out a few minutes later to accept.
 Also, after winning Best Actor in a Movie or Miniseries, Ving Rhames brought fellow nominee Jack Lemmon on stage to give his award to the elder actor.
The Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score is one of several categories presented by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA), an organization of journalists who cover the United States film industry, but are affiliated with publications outside North America, since its institution in 1947.
 Since the 5th Golden Globe Awards (1947), the award is presented annually, except from 1953 to 1958.
 The nominations from 1947 and 1948 are not available.
 The first Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score went to Max Steiner for his compositional work on "Life with Father".
