Plagiobothrys hirtus, the rough popcornflower, is a plant species with only about a dozen reportedly extant occurrences, all within the Umpqua River watershed in Douglas County, Oregon.
 It is federally listed endangered in the United States of America.
 In fact "P. hirtus" is now considered to be one of the top three most endangered vascular plant species in the Northwest.
 The state of Oregon has ranked this plant as its number one recovery priority due to its high degree of threat as well as its high rating in recovery potential.
 Its recovery depends on conservation of existing populations as well as reintroduction of new populations in protected and species-appropriate areas.
Lettuce necrotic yellows virus (LNYV) is a plant virus belonging to the virus order "Mononegavirales", family "Rhabdoviridae" and genus "Cytorhabdovirus".
 It was first identified in Australia in the plant species "Lactuca sativa" in 1963 by Stubbs et al.
 Since then it has been identified in many other plant species including "Datura stramonium" and "Nicotiana glutinosa".
 The virus is transmitted by the insect vector "Hyperomyzus lactucae" the insect can become infected by feeding on an infected plant.
 It then acts as a reservoir for the virus in which it can multiply.
 The virus is also transmitted congenitally to its progeny
Verticillium dahliae is a fungal plant pathogen.
 It causes verticillium wilt in many plant species, causing leaves to curl and discolor.
 It may cause death in some plants.
 Over 400 plant species are affected by "Verticillium" complex.
The flora of Western Australia comprises 10,252 published native vascular plant species and a further 1,245 unpublished species.
 They occur within 1,543 genera from 211 families; there are also 1,276 naturalised alien or invasive plant species more commonly known as weeds.
 There are an estimated 150,000 cryptogam species or nonvascular plants which include lichens, and fungi although only 1,786 species have been published, with 948 algae and 672 lichen the majority.
The abundances of plant species are often measured by plant cover, i.e. the relative area covered by different plant species in a small plot.
 Plant cover is not biased by the size and distributions of individuals, and is an important and often measured characteristic of the composition of plant communities.
 Plant cover data may be used to classify the studied plant community into a vegetation type, to test different ecological hypothesis on plant abundance, and in gradient studies, where the effects of different environmental gradients on the abundance of specific plant species are investigated.
Burkina Faso is largely wild bush country with a mixture of grass and small trees in varying proportions.
 The savanna region is mainly grassland in the rainy season and semi desert during the harmattan period (defined as the period when stormy and dusty Sahara winds blow dry and hot).
 Fauna, one of the most diverse in West Africa, includes the elephant, hippopotamus, buffalo, monkey, lions, crocodile, giraffe, various types of antelope, and a vast variety of bird and insect life.
 The country has 147 mammal species, 330 aquatic species including 121 species of fish and 2067 different plant species.
 Of the plant species, the dominant endemic species are shea tree "(Butyrospermum parkii") and the baobab, the former plant species has immense economic value to the country.
A halophyte is a plant that grows in waters of high salinity, coming into contact with saline water through its roots or by salt spray, such as in saline semi-deserts, mangrove swamps, marshes and sloughs and seashores.
 The word derives from Ancient Greek ἅλας (halas) 'salt' and φυτόν (phyton) 'plant'.
 An example of a halophyte is the salt marsh grass "Spartina alterniflora" (smooth cordgrass).
 Relatively few plant species are halophytes—perhaps only 2% of all plant species.
Centaurium pulchellum is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common name lesser centaury.
 It differs from "Centaurium erythraea" by lacking basal rosette of leaves and by having a developed peduncle below the flowers.
 It is often much smaller, less than ten centimetres.
The flora of Lebanon" includes approximately 2,600 plant species.
 Situated on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Basin", Lebanon is a reservoir of plant diversity and one of the world's Biodiversity hotspots for conservation priorities.
 Endemic species constitute 12% of the Lebanese flora, 221 plant species are broad endemics and 90 are narrow endemics.
The flora of India is one of the richest in the world due to the wide range of climate, topology and habitat in the country.
 There are estimated to be over 16,000 species of flowering plants in India, which constitute some 6-7 percent of the total plant species in the world.
 India is home to more than 45,000 species of plants, including a variety of endemics.
 The use of plants as a source of medicines has been an integral part of life in India from the earliest times.
 There are more than 3000 Indian plant species officially documented as possessing great medicinal potential.
 India is divided into eight main floristic regions : Western Himalayas, Eastern Himalayas, Assam, Indus plain, Ganges plain, the Deccan, Malabar and the Andaman Islands.
