Hubert Gagnon is an actor in the Canadian province of Quebec.
 He is best known as the voice of Homer Simpson in the Quebec version of "The Simpsons", the voice of Mel Gibson in many movies, and also the character Picabo on the québécois TV show Les Oraliens.
 He also dubbed the character Vernon Dursley in the famous Harry Potter films.
 He was also the voice of Optimus Prime in the Quebec dubbing of the original "Transformers" cartoon, but for the 2007 film, he was replaced by Guy Nadon, who had coincidentally portrayed Sideshow Bob alongside Gagnon in the québécois dubbed version of The Simpsons.
"Citizen Joe" is the fifteenth episode for season eight of the Canadian-American military science fiction television series "Stargate SG-1".
 The episode features known voice actor Dan Castellaneta, who voices Homer Simpson in "The Simpsons".
 The episode was written by executive producer Robert C. Cooper, the episode was directed by Andy Mikita.
 The episode received a below average Nielsen household rating and received no syndication rating to compare.
 The episode got strong reviews from major media publishers worldwide.
Nedward "Ned" Flanders, Jr. is a recurring fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He is voiced by Harry Shearer, and first appeared in the series premiere episode "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire".
 He is the good-natured, cheery next-door neighbor to the Simpson family and is generally loathed by Homer Simpson.
 A devout Evangelical Christian with an annoyingly perfect family, he is among the friendliest and most compassionate of Springfield's residents and is generally considered a pillar of the Springfield community.
Santa's Little Helper is a recurring character in the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He is the pet greyhound of the Simpson family.
 The dog was introduced in the first episode of the show, the 1989 Christmas special "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire", in which his owner abandons him for finishing last in a greyhound race.
 Homer Simpson and his son Bart, who are at the race track in hope of winning some money for Christmas presents, see this and decide to adopt the dog.
"Homer to the Max" is the thirteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> tenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 7, 1999.
 In the episode, Homer discovers that a new television show, "Police Cops", has a hero also named Homer Simpson.
 He is delighted with the positive attention he receives because of his name, but when the television character is rewritten from a hero to a bumbling idiot, he is mocked and taunted, so he changes his name to "Max Power" to rid himself of the negative attention.
 Max gains new friends, and is forced into a protest to prevent a forest from being knocked down.
 In the end, he changes his name back to Homer Simpson.
Patty and Selma Bouvier ( ) are fictional characters in the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 They are identical twins (but with different hairstyles) and are both voiced by Julie Kavner.
 They are Marge Simpson's older twin sisters, who both work at the Springfield Department of Motor Vehicles, and possess a strong dislike for their brother-in-law, Homer Simpson.
 Selma is the elder by two minutes, and longs for male companionship while her sister, Patty, is a lesbian.
 Kavner voices them as characters who "suck the life out of everything".
 Patty and Selma first appeared on the first ever aired Simpsons episode "Simpsons Roasting On An Open Fire", which aired on December 17, 1989.
"Do the Bartman" is a song from the 1990 "Simpsons" album "The Simpsons Sing the Blues".
 It was performed by "The Simpsons" cast member Nancy Cartwright (the voice of Bart Simpson), with backing vocals from Michael Jackson, alongside additional vocals from Dan Castellaneta (voice of Homer Simpson).
 It was produced and written by American recording artist Bryan Loren, and released as a single on November 20, 1990.
Daniel Louis Castellaneta ( ; born October 29, 1957) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian and screenwriter.
 Noted for his long-running role as Homer Simpson on the animated television series "The Simpsons", he also voices many other characters for the show, including Abraham "Grampa" Simpson, Barney Gumble, Krusty the Clown, Sideshow Mel, Groundskeeper Willie, Mayor Quimby and Hans Moleman.
Abraham Jedediah Simpson II, often known as Grampa, is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He made his first appearance in the episode entitled "Grampa and the Kids", a Simpsons short on "The Tracey Ullman Show".
 Voiced by Dan Castellaneta, he is the father of Homer Simpson and the grandfather of Bart, Lisa and Maggie Simpson.
 In the 1000th issue of "Entertainment Weekly", Grampa was selected as the Grandpa for "The Perfect TV Family".
Damon Dark is an independent public access TV series and web series from Australia about a heroic and obsessive investigator of UFO incidents and other strange cases, created by Australian writer, actor and film maker Adrian Sherlock.
 Damon James Dark became a dedicated alien investigator after a close encounter during his teenage years.
 He is associated with both the secret service and friendly aliens, including a character called Vincent Kosmos (an alien time traveller) and Trans-Dimensional Control (an alien law enforcement agency).
 The character of Damon Dark has appeared in a 5-week TV series on Community TV 31 in Melbourne Australia, a self-published novel ("Biodome") on Amazon's createspace platform and a long running web series on YouTube.
 He has also been involved in related web series "Young Damon Dark" and "Vincent Kosmos."
 He has also been the focus of a one actor stage drama.
 The character of Damon Dark has been played by Adrian Sherlock, Bruce Hughes, Aiden Sherlock and Jack Knoll.
 Damon Dark is a loner, dresses in black, has a huge experience of aliens and their technology.
 Damon is characterized by his high intelligence, idealistic moral outlook and wry sense of humor.
 His best friend in the series is the long-suffering Gary Sutton, played by actor Robert Trott.
 Damon Dark began in 1999, with a five-part weekly series on Melbourne's Community TV 31, (although the pilot was shot in 1996 and the show had been in development since 1990) following a screening of a 65-minute version of the story "Maddox" at the 57th World Science Fiction Convention (Aussiecon Three) held in Melbourne.
 The series was later revived as a YouTube webseries which inspired several related webseries, including "The Young Damon Dark Adventures" in which the character is played as a teenager, and Vincent Kosmos, (created by and starring Chris Heaven, , an Italian actor and musician, about a renegade alien character who is a friend of Damon.
