Fort Worth United Soccer Club is the oldest competitive soccer club from Fort Worth, Texas.
 It is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization, dedicated to the ongoing development of soccer skills for both young men and young women.
 In 1966, Alexander Everett (1921–2005) formed and coached the first Fort Worth United team under the Fort Worth United Soccer Club banner.
 The inaugural team included several notable players including Dave Rubinson, former Head Soccer Coach at TCU.
 The team played several years together in Dallas and traveled to compete against teams from all across the United States.
 During their first three years of existence, the team dominated their competition and never lost a single game (including a 3–1 Texas Championship win in Houston in the Astrodome against San Antonio Saints and Devils).
Corinthians FC SA was an elite Amateur soccer club based in San Antonio, Texas.
 The team made its debut in the National Premier Soccer League in 2014.
 The club played in the South Central Conference of the South Region.
 Corinthians FC of SA was led by Pete Veras and head coach, co-owner, and technical director, Benjamin Galindo.
 Veras is the owner and operator of V Medical, one of the leading medical equipment providers in the state of Texas.
 Founded in 2009, Corinthians FC of SA was dedicated to serving the communities in and around the San Antonio area.
 Corinthians FC of SA was a Christian-based professional soccer club whose mission is to build athletes of all ages through positive and encouraging inspiration and training, transforming each athlete into champions for the future, on and off the field.
Jeff Enquist (born May 20, 1968 in Beaverton, Oregon) was a U.S. soccer forward who played two seasons in the Western Soccer League, one in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the USISL.
 He has coached extensively at the professional, collegiate and high school levels.
 He is currently the president of the Portland Youth Soccer Association and the head coach of the Portland City United Soccer Club.
The 2011–12 Louisville Lightning season was the third season of the Louisville Lightning professional indoor soccer club.
 The Lightning, an Eastern Division team in the Professional Arena Soccer League, played their home games in the Mockingbird Valley Soccer Club in Louisville, Kentucky.
 The team was led by general manager Nick Stover and head coach Scott Budnick with associate coach Ted Nichols.
Bernie Lilavois (born August 31, 1970 in Far Rockaway, New York) is an American soccer forward who played two seasons in the American Professional Soccer League, one in the USISL, one in the USL A-League, four in the Continental Indoor Soccer League, six in the National Professional Soccer League, and four in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
 He was the head coach of the Stockton Cougars in the Professional Arena Soccer League and the head coach of the US National Arena Soccer Team.
 He is currently the Head Coach and a Managing Partner for the Ontario Fury.
David Kramer (born August 1, 1972 in Cupertino, California) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the USISL and Major League Soccer.
 He is currently Director of Soccer and Business Development for Real Colorado Edge Soccer Club.
 He was the 1994 ISAA Goalkeeper of the Year.
Brian McManus (born in Scotland) is a former Scottish soccer midfielder who is currently a Director of Coaching for the La Jolla Impact Select soccer club and the head coach of the UC San Diego women’s soccer team.
 He is a four-time NCAA Coach of the Year and has led UC San Diego to seven national championships.
 He also played in Scotland, one season in the Western Soccer Alliance and one in the American Professional Soccer League.
The 2013–14 Cincinnati Saints season was the first season in the Professional Arena Soccer League (PASL) for the Cincinnati Saints professional indoor soccer club.
 The Saints, an Eastern Division team, played their home games at the Tri-County Soccerplex in Cincinnati, Ohio.
 The team was led by general manager Mackenzie Long and interim head coach Chris Morman with assistant coach Kyle Kammer.
 Matt Brienes was the head coach for the first 9 games of the season before being replaced by Morman.
 The team finished with a 5–11 record, qualified for the playoffs, and were eliminated in the Eastern Division Semifinal.
The Chicago Fire Juniors are the youth club affiliate of the Chicago Fire professional soccer club with branches in Chicago, NW Indiana, West Michigan, Louisiana, Mississippi and Florida.
 Established in 2004 as the official youth soccer club of Major League Soccer’s Chicago Fire, the Chicago Fire Juniors are the only professionally based youth soccer club in the United States.
 The technical director of the Juniors is Larry Sunderland, also the head coach of the Chicago Fire Premier PDL team.
.
 For 2009, the Chicago Fire Juniors Boys teams are IL State Cup Champions at U15, U16 and U19.
Columbus Crew Soccer Club is an American professional soccer club based in Columbus, Ohio.
 The Crew competes in Major League Soccer (MLS) as a member club of the league's Eastern Conference.
 The Crew began play in 1996 as one of the ten charter clubs of the league.
 The team is owned by Anthony Precourt and Precourt Sports Ventures LLC.
 Precourt became the second owner in the history of the club on July 30, 2013.
 The club's head coach is Gregg Berhalter, a former player of the United States men's national soccer team.
