Ride Tonight!
 (Swedish: Rid i natt) is a 1942 Swedish historical drama film directed by Gustaf Molander and starring Lars Hanson, Oscar Ljung, Gerd Hagman and Eva Dahlbeck.
 It is an adaptation of the 1941 novel "Ride This Night" by Vilhelm Moberg.
 The film, like the original novel, alluded directly to events in occupied Europe during the Second World War and helped to bolster anti-Nazi sentiment in neutral Sweden.
The Back to the Future Trilogy is a 1999 licensed soundtrack to the "Back to the Future" film series.
 It was released under Varèse Sarabande on September 21, 1999.
 The album consists of numerous Alan Silvestri cues from all three "Back to the Future" films and a rare track from Universal Studios Theme Park's "".
 Whilst the tracks from "Back to the Future Part III" are from the , those for "Part I", "Part II" and "The Ride" are re-recordings performed by John Debney and the Royal Scottish National Orchestra.
Duff Beer is a brand of beer that originally started as a fictional beverage on the animated series "The Simpsons".
 Since then it has become a real brand of beer in a number of countries without permission or consent from its original creator, Matt Groening, and has resulted in legal battles with varying results.
 An official version of the beer is sold in three variations near the Simpsons Ride at Universal Studios.
 In 2015, 21st Century Fox, producer of "The Simpsons", began selling licensed Duff beer in Chile, with a view to driving out unlicensed brandjacking.
Entertain Magazine was a British newsstand magazine devoted to Film, DVD, Video Games and Themed Entertainment.
 It was published every two months, with the first issue going on sale in January 2007.
 The publication was notable as the first UK news trade, entertainment magazine to be published on DVD format.
 During its run, "Entertain" featured exclusive video features on "", "Star Trek", "The Simpsons Ride" at Universal Studios Hollywood, The Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal Orlando and "Thunderbirds" "Stand By for Action".
"The Simpsons" Ride is a simulator ride featured at the Universal Studios Florida and Universal Studios Hollywood theme parks.
 The ride is based on the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It was first announced in 2007 and replaced the "" at both locations.
 The ride at Universal Studios Florida soft opened on April 23, 2008, and the official ceremonies took place on May 15.
 The ride at Universal Studios Hollywood opened on May 19, 2008.
 "The Simpsons" Ride was collaborated on by the producers of "The Simpsons", and uses CGI animation, which was provided by Blur Studio and Reel FX.
 2D animation was provided by Film Roman.
 The ride uses state of the art technology, including a new projection system and new hydraulics.
Back to the Future: The Ride was a simulator ride at Universal Studios theme parks.
 It was based on and inspired by the "Back to the Future" film series and is a mini-sequel to 1990's "Back to the Future Part III".
 It was previously located at Universal Studios Florida and Universal Studios Hollywood, where it has since been replaced by "The Simpsons Ride", and at Universal Studios Japan where it has since been replaced by "".
Springfield is a themed area at the Universal Studios Hollywood theme park near Los Angeles, California.
 The area is themed around the fictional town of the same name American animated sitcom, "The Simpsons".
 It opened on May 13, 2015 adjacent to The Simpsons Ride.
"Days of Future Future" is the eighteenth episode of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 548th episode of the series.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 13, 2014.
 It was written by J. Stewart Burns and directed by Bob Anderson.
 The episode is a sequel to "Future-Drama" and a continuation of "Holidays of Future Passed", set 30 years from the present.
 In this futuristic installment, Bart goes to a clinic to rid himself of his feelings for his ex-wife Jenda (who is now dating a xenomorph-like alien named Jerry), Lisa must choose whether or not to cure her zombie husband Milhouse after he gets bitten by a homeless zombie, and Marge (after putting up with years of Homer dying and being cloned back to life by Professor Frink) loads Homer onto a flatscreen monitor and throws him out of the house.
Fun Pier opened up as the Wildwood Convention Hall Pier in 1924 by being leased out by Holly Beach Realty.
 In 1957 Holly Beach Realty ended there contract with the Wildwood Convention Hall Pier eventually rented the pier to Joe Barnes where he turned it into Fun Pier.
 When Barnes first started to rent the pier he had to destroy the entrance of the Wildwood Convention Hall to accommodate enough room to build some new rides.
 The end of the Wildwood Convention Hall which was an arcade and some shops was converted to a dark ride.
 Eventually by the mid 60's the building was torn down.
 The pier eventually got a Monorail, Ski Ride, Sky Tower and some other kiddie rides.
 In 1973 the Seascape ride way redeveloped into Castle Frankenstein.
 Later in 1975 the Devil's Inn was transformed into Lost World.
 On November 15, 1976 Joe Barnes sold the pier to the Howard's family.
 When he came some renovations came to the pier when he got rid of the classic monorail.
 In the 80's the pier added two water slides which would last until the final years of the pier.
 In 1984 there was a fire in the back of the pier (still unknown the cause) which burned Castle Frankenstein to the beach.
 Later that year on November 24, 1984 the Lost World was completely burned.
 This fire also destroyed the Crazy House, Jet 400, and the bumper cars.
 In 1984 Fun Pier removed the Sky Tower.
 The pole would remain on the pier until May 6, 2009.
 In the 1985 Season the two water slides were removed to make a difference on the pier.
 Later on that year Fun Pier would close down.
 In April 1, 1987 the pier was sold to Morey's Piers.
 During the 1987 season the Hanneford Family Circus rented the pier.
"Bart to the Future" is the seventeenth episode of the eleventh season of the American animated television sitcom "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 19, 2000.
 In the episode, after their picnic in the park is cut short due to a mosquito infestation, the Simpsons stop by at an Indian casino.
 There, Bart is prevented from entering because of his age.
 He manages to sneak in but is caught by the guards and sent to the casino manager's office.
 The Native American manager shows Bart a vision of his future as a washed-up, wannabe rock musician living with Ralph Wiggum, while Lisa has become the President of the United States and tries to get the country out of financial trouble.
 "Bart to the Future" was the second episode of "The Simpsons" after "Lisa's Wedding" to be set in the future.
