Merrill Boyd Jenson (born January 20, 1947) is an American composer and arranger who has composed film scores for over thirty films including , , The Testaments of One Fold and One Shepherd, , Harry's War, and Windwalker.
 Many of the films Jenson composed music for were directed by Academy Award-winning director Kieth Merrill.
 Jenson has also composed several concert productions including a symphony that premiered at Carnegie Hall.
 Additionally, he has composed music for many television commercials including the acclaimed Homefront ads, music for three outdoor pageants, and several albums.
 Jenson lives in Provo, Utah with his wife Betsy Lee Jenson.
Three Sons o' Guns is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and written by Fred Niblo, Jr..
 The film stars Wayne Morris, Marjorie Rambeau, Irene Rich, Tom Brown, William T. Orr, Susan Peters and Moroni Olsen.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on August 2, 1941.
Down on the Farm is a 1941 American short animated film directed by Tex Avery.
 It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 14th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
Jan Novák (8 April 1921, Nová Říše – 11 November 1984, Neu Ulm) was a popular Czech composer of classical music.
 Novák was primarily active in the 1960s and composed the music for several films of Karel Kachyňa.
 Novák also composed music for the films of animators Jiří Trnka and Karel Zeman, the leading figures of the Czech animated film, as well as for "Wir" (1982, TV film) (based on "We", the 1921 Russian novel by Yevgeny Zamyatin).
The music for the 2013 action role-playing game "", developed and published by Square Enix, was composed by Masashi Hamauzu, Naoshi Mizuta, and Mitsuto Suzuki.
 Hamauzu was the leader composer for "XIII" and "XIII-2", and Mizuta and Suzuki previously composed music for "XIII-2".
 Musicians who had previously worked with the composers on "XIII-2" and "The 3rd Birthday" worked on the project in Japan, while the main soundtrack was performed and recorded in Boston by the Video Game Orchestra, conducted by Shota Nakama.
 Along with including more percussion and ethnic elements, the soundtrack used "Blinded by Light", the main theme for main character Lightning, as a leitmotif.
 Unlike the previous "XIII" games, the soundtrack did not include a theme song, as the composers felt it would detract from the emotional impact of the ending.
Ride, Kelly, Ride is a 1941 American drama film directed by Norman Foster and written by William Conselman Jr. and Irving Cummings Jr..
 The film stars Eugene Pallette, Marvin Stephens, Rita Quigley, Mary Healy, Richard Lane and Charles D. Brown.
 The film was released on February 7, 1941, by 20th Century Fox.
Dumbo was the code name used by the United States Navy during the 1940s and 1950s to signify search and rescue missions, conducted in conjunction with military operations, by long-range aircraft flying over the ocean.
 The purpose of Dumbo missions was to rescue downed American aviators as well as seamen in distress.
 Dumbo aircraft were originally land-based heavy bomber aircraft converted to carry an airborne lifeboat to be dropped in the water near survivors.
 The name "Dumbo" came from Walt Disney's flying elephant, the main character of the animated film "Dumbo", appearing in October 1941.
The Reluctant Dragon is a 1941 American live action and animated film produced by Walt Disney, directed by Alfred Werker, and released by RKO Radio Pictures on June 20, 1941.
 Essentially a tour of the then-new Walt Disney Studios facility in Burbank, California, the film stars radio comedian Robert Benchley and many Disney staffers such as Ward Kimball, Fred Moore, Norman Ferguson, Clarence Nash, and Walt Disney, all as themselves.
Dumbo is a 1941 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
 The fourth Disney animated feature film, it is based upon the storyline written by Helen Aberson and illustrated by Harold Pearl for the prototype of a novelty toy ("Roll-a-Book").
 The main character is Jumbo Jr., a semi-anthropomorphic elephant who is cruelly nicknamed "Dumbo".
 He is ridiculed for his big ears, but in fact he is capable of flying by using his ears as wings. Throughout most of the film, his only true friend, aside from his mother, is the mouse, Timothy – a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants.
Naoki Satō (佐藤 直紀 , Satō Naoki , born May 2, 1970 in Chiba, Japan) is a Japanese composer who has provided the music for several popular anime series including the first five "Pretty Cure" series, "X", "Eureka Seven", "Sword of the Stranger", and "Blood-C".
 He graduated from the Tokyo College of Music in 1993.
 At the 29th Japan Academy Prize in 2006, he won the Best Music prize for his work on the film "Always Sanchōme no Yūhi (Always Sunset on Third Street)".
 He also composed music for anime films such as "Pretty Cure All Stars DX" trilogy, "Stand By Me Doraemon".
 In live-action dramas, he provided music and soundtracks for TV dramas "Good Luck!!
" "Water Boys", "H2: Kimi to Ita Hibi" and "Ryōmaden".
 He provided the music for the "Space Battleship Yamato" film, as well as the "Rurouni Kenshin" and "" live-action film series.
 For the 38th Japan Academy Prize in 2015, he was nominated in the Best Score category for his work in "The Eternal Zero".
 While he did not win the award, "The Eternal Zero" won several awards including Best Picture, and "Stand By Me Doraemon" won for Best Animated Film.
