Profile of a Serial Killer is a 1998 Australian crime television film directed by Steve Jodrell and starring Rebecca Gibney, Shane Feeney-Connor and Hugh Jackman.
 The film was released on DVD on 19 October 2004.
Small Claims: The Reunion is an Australian television movie starring Rebecca Gibney and Claudia Karvan, which first aired on Network Ten in 2006.
 The film was a co-production with subscription television and was also broadcast on the Foxtel, Austar, and Optus Television Subscription Television services.
 The series was written by husband and wife team, Keith Thompson and Kaye Bendle.
Jordan Selwyn (born 21 July 1989) is a New Zealand-based film and stage actor.
 Selwyn is best known for his role in New Zealand film The Map Reader starring alongside Rebecca Gibney.
 Selwyn, nephew of actor Don Selwyn, was 17 when filming commenced on The Map Reader.
 Selwyn grew up on Auckland's North Shore, and attended Kristin School.
Small Claims: White Wedding is an Australian television movie starring Rebecca Gibney and Claudia Karvan, which first aired on Network Ten in 2005.
 The film was a co-production with subscription television and was also broadcast on the Foxtel, Austar, and Optus Television Subscription Television services.
 The series was written by husband and wife team, Keith Thompson and Kaye Bendle.
The Killing Field is an Australian mystery-drama-thriller television film on the Seven Network.
 It was created by Sarah Smith and Michaeley O'Brien and directed by Samantha Lang, from a screenplay by Sarah Smith and Michaeley O'Brien.
 It was produced by Bill Hughes and Sarah Smith with Rebecca Gibney co-producing and Julie McGauran executive producing.
 A spin-off series "Winter" screened from February 2015.
Geraldine Hakewill (born 13 July 1987) is an Australian actress, voice actor and producer.
 She graduated from the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts.
 She is known for her roles as Chelsea Babbage in the television series "Wanted" alongside Rebecca Gibney, Beth in "Uninhabited" directed by Bill Bennett, and Ella in Wasted on the Young alongside Adelaide Clemens and Oliver Ackland.
 Geraldine has also appeared in multiple productions for the Sydney Theatre Company, Belvoir St Theatre and Bell Shakespeare Company.
Small Claims is an Australian television film starring Rebecca Gibney and Claudia Karvan, which first aired on Network Ten in 2004.
 The film was a co-production with subscription television and was also broadcast on the Foxtel, Austar, and Optus Television Subscription Television services.
 The series was written by husband and wife team, Keith Thompson and Kaye Bendle.
Jigsaw is a 1989 thriller film starring Rebecca Gibney.
Mental is a 2012 Australian comedy film directed by PJ Hogan and starring Toni Collette, Rebecca Gibney, Anthony LaPaglia and Liev Schreiber.
 It premiered on closing night at the 2012 Melbourne International Film Festival, and was released in cinemas on 4 October 2012.
Daphne Rose Clarke (also Lawrence) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Elaine Smith.
 Daphne was created by Reg Watson as one of "Neighbours<nowiki>'</nowiki>" twelve original characters.
 The producer had originally wanted Rebecca Gibney to play the role, but she joined the cast of another television series.
 When Smith came in to audition for a guest part, her appearance, particularly her short haircut, caught the attention of the casting director, who had been looking for an "outrageous image" for the character of Daphne.
 Smith won the role and she made her on-screen debut in the soap's first episode, which was broadcast on 18 March 1985.
