3: The Dale Earnhardt Story is a 2004 television movie produced by ESPN depicting the life of NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt.
 It chronicles his life from his humble upbringing in Kannapolis, North Carolina, throughout his career racing automobiles to include his rise to dominance in NASCAR, culminating with his death in the final lap of the 2001 Daytona 500.
 Its central theme focuses on the relationship between him and his father, Ralph Earnhardt, as well as the relationship between him and his youngest son, Dale Earnhardt, Jr. It was first broadcast on December 11, 2004, and subsequently released on DVD.
 Barry Pepper was cast in the lead role to star as Earnhardt; giving a credible performance which earned him a nomination for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie.
Coolie No.1 is a 1991 Telugu movie produced by D. Suresh on Suresh Productions banner, directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.
 It starred Venkatesh and Tabu in lead roles, and the music was composed by Ilayaraja.
 This is the first movie of Tabu as an actress.
 The film was recorded as a hit at the box office.
 The movie was dubbed into Hindi and Tamil with the same title.
Mahakavi Kalidasu (Telugu: మహాకవి కాళిదాసు) is a 1960 Telugu, movie produced by K. Nagamani, P. Suri Babu on Sarani Productions banner and directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao.
 Starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao played the title role Sriranjani as the female lead and music composed by Pendyala Nageswara Rao.
The movie is based on the 1955 Kannada movie "Mahakavi Kalidasa" which also went on to be remade in Tamil in 1966 as "Mahakavi Kalidas".
Gisela Ponce de León Franco, (born 12 April 1985) is a Peruvian film, television and stage actress and singer.
 Gisela began working professionally as a child actor on the musical "Annie" and in other productions.
 She appeared in several more musicals before being selected for the lead role in the hit TV show "Esta Sociedad".
Crazy Boy is a romantic teenage love story and family entertainer Kannada language movie produced in the 2016.
 The movie stars Dilip Prakash in lead role and Ashika, making her debut as the female lead in the film.
 Directed by Kannada movie director Mahesh Babu the movie released on 18 August 2016.
Mansi Srivastava is an Indian television actress.
 She is well known for playing the role of Heer in Zee TV's show "Rab Se Sohna Isshq" and the lead role of Shivani in "Do Dil Bandhe Ek Dori Se" on Zee TV.
 She also played the role of Shatabdi in "Peterson Hill" on Sab TV.
 In 2016, She played the Parallel lead role of Dr. Prerna in "Sasural Simar Ka".
"She is Currently playing the Parallel lead role of Bhavya in Star Plus's Popular Show Ishqbaaz and also in its spin off series Dil Boley Oberoi.
Tandav is the second movie produced by Mohaan Dotel and also second movie by director Murray Kerr.
 The movie marks the debut of the rap singer Aashish Rana (Laure) in Nepali film industry and features Namrata Shrestha, Anup Baral, Alan Gurung, Beepin Karki in lead role.
 The film was released on August 22, 2014.
Esta Malka Charkham (born 29 March 1949) is a British television and film producer and casting director known for the films "Chariots of Fire" (1981) and "Supergirl" (1984) and the television series "Robin of Sherwood" (1984), among others.
 She is a Director of the casting agency Esta Charkham Associates; the Founder and Principal of West London Drama Training, an independent theatre school for young people between the ages of 7 and 18; and a former Director of the National Youth Theatre.
Poshter Boyz is a 2014 Indian Marathi language comedy film directed by Sameer Patil and written by Sameer Patil and Charudatta Bhagwat.
 The movie stars Dilip Prabhavalkar, Hrishikesh Joshi, Aniket Vishvasrao in lead roles and Pooja Sawant, Neha Joshi in female lead cast.
 The film was produced by Shreyas Talpade.
 This is the second movie produced by Shreyas Talpade under his home production Affluence Movies Private Limited after Sanai Choughade.
 The film is released in theatres on 1 August 2014.
 The film is going to remade in Telugu as 'Poshter Boyz' director will be Gopi Ganesh and presented by Akshay Kumar and Rana Daggubati.
Wag Kang Lilingon (English: Don't Turn Away; more specifically Don't Look Back) is a 2006 Filipino Supernatural horror film produced by Star Cinema and Viva Films starring Anne Curtis and Kristine Hermosa.
 The movie is directed by Jerry Lopez Sineneng and Quark Henares.
 This is the first movie produced by Viva Films and Star Cinema years after Viva split from ABS-CBN in 2001.
