KWPW (107.9 FM, "Power 108") is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio format.
 Licensed to Robinson, Texas, United States, the station serves the Waco area.
 The station is currently owned by Bill McCutcheon.
Q101 Chicago is an alternative Internet radio station in the Chicago metropolitan area.
 "Q101 Chicago" is a direct continuation of the programming that was featured on terrestrial radio station WKQX 101.1 from 1992 until 2011.
 Following a sale of the radio station and closedown of the format on July 14, 2011, the intellectual property of "Q101" was purchased by Chicago Matt Dubiel and Mike Noonan under the Broadcast Barter Radio Networks banner.
 The company owns the name Q101, Q101.com, @Q101Chicago on all social media.The RADIO station on FM 101.1 is owned by Cumulus Media.
 It is an alternative format and is called "101WKQX" and is in no way currently affiliated with the name "Q101".
WSTU (1450 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a talk radio format.
 Licensed to Stuart, Florida, United States, the station is currently owned by Treasure Coast Broadcasters, Inc.
 WSTU went on the air in December 1954.
 Les Combs was the original owner.
 In 1969 the station was sold to Harvey L Glascock, whose family owned the station until 1997 when it was sold to American Radio.
 After a brief ownership by a Broward County businessman, it was sold to Barry Grant Marsh and David Pomerance.
 Marsh had been Operations Manager of WSTU for many years under the Glasscock family.
 The station was purchased by Treasure Coast Broadcasters in 2001.
 When WSTU went on the air, Stuart went from the biggest city on Florida's east coast without its own radio station to the smallest city on Florida's east coast with its own radio station.
 WSTU had a strong local news commitment from the very first, and continues that to this day under News Director Tom Teter, who has been with the station since 1980.
 Teter has won many awards for news excellence from UPI and AP including Best Newscast in Florida and Best Spot News Reporting.
 From the earliest days the Martin County community viewed the station as more of a public utility than a privately owned radio station.
 WSTU was also one of the first radio stations in Florida to broadcast high school sports on a regular basis and continues to broadcast high school football, basketball and baseball.
 Hamp Elliot did the play-by-play for many years followed by Teter who handled the play-by-play for more than 20 years.
 Rick McGuire now does much of the play-by-play.
 This summary written by Tom Teter.
KAND (1340 AM) is a radio station that serves the Corsicana - Ennis - Waxahachie area, and is owned by New Century Broadcasting.
 This station runs a country music format, and is also the home of Corsicana High School Tigers and Navarro College Bulldogs football games, and the latest news from the Texas State Network News, and CBS News.
 As of July 11, 2008, it airs sports programming from Fox Sports Radio during overnights and weekends.
 For many years, the KAND call sign was assigned to the station now called KWPW.
KYTC (102.7 FM, "Super Hits 102.7") is a radio station that broadcasts a classic hits music format.
 Licensed to Northwood, Iowa, U.S., it serves northern Iowa and southern Minnesota.
 The station is currently owned by Alpha Media, through licensee Digity 3E License, LLC.
 The station was originally operated by Northwood businessman, Marlin Hanson as an oldies radio station with an effective radiated power of 3,000 watts, then 6,000 watts.
 Hanson built the station because he bought the tower from the local cable company after they abandoned it and decided a radio station would be a good use for the empty tower.
 It was sold to Dave Nolander who also owned KATE radio in Albert Lea, MN.
 It was operated as an oldies station featuring music of the 50's and 60's from a studio located in Northwood and satellite programming during the evening hours.
 The station was sold to Three Eagles Communications and the power increased to 25,000 watts.
 Between 2002 and 2012.
 the station changed from Oldies to Country to active rock and finally back to a hits of the 60's through the 80's.
 The station transmitter is located 3 miles north of Northwood and the studio is located in Mason City.
 Current owner Digity, LLC purchased the station in September 12, 2014.
La Voix du Sahel (English: "Voice of the Sahel") is the national radio station of Niger, owned by the Nigerien government, operating on 91.3MHZ.
 Based in Niamey, the radio station was established in 1958 as Radio Niger but adopted its current name in 1974.
 It is the only national radio station in the country and is the only radio station to offer programs in eight different languages including French.
WSYY-FM (94.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting for approximately 18¼ hours per day, 7 days a week (from 4:55AM through 11:10PM ET) under the slogan, ""Radio With An Attitude"".
 Playing a mix of oldies/classic hits, adult contemporary, rock music, and some country crossovers, the station broadcasts an Adult Hits/Full-Service format for approximately 16 hours per day, from 6:00AM through 10:00PM ET (reserving the first and, also, the final hour of their broadcast day to "When Radio Was").
 "The Mountain 94.9" carries local high school sports in season.
 "The Mountain 94.9" had also carried the complete schedule of Red Sox Baseball (from 1997 through 2015, prior to becoming a Former Affiliate in 2016, which was when Millinocket's affiliation with the Red Sox Baseball would ultimately be transferred over to co-owned WSYY-AM, thus concluding the frequent interruptions to the music on "The Mountain 94.9" during Baseball season).
 The station currently features programming from CBS Radio and carries CBS Radio News at the top of every hour (and has been an affiliate of that network for many decades).
 Licensed to Millinocket, Maine, United States, the station's broadcast signal serves the Central Penobscot County, Eastern Piscataquis County, and Southern Aroostook County Maine areas, and the station is licensed to serve the town of Millinocket, Maine, the very town where its studios/offices and tower site are located.
 The station is currently owned by Katahdin Communications, Inc.
 WSYY-FM originally went on the air in 1978 on 97.7 FM as WKTR, upgrading to its current facilities in 1984 on 94.9.
 Prior to their "The Mountain 94.9" branding, WSYY-FM used to be referred to as "North Country 95", airing a full-time Country Music format.
 The current format, branding, and slogan was probably adopted around March 1, 2004, when Katahdin Communications, Inc. assumed control of WSYY-FM & WSYY-AM from Katahdin Timberlands, LLC (as a result of the radio station facing increasing land disputes), initially as a short term lease agreement but the transfer of ownership ultimately became permanent.
 Those same land disputes would eventually lead to a loss of WSYY-FM's 23,500 watt transmitter location (featuring an antenna HAAT of 211 meters); as a result, WSYY-FM may have been operating under a Special Temporary Authority License (a 12,000 watt facility with an antenna HAAT of 68 meters via Hammond Ridge on Lake Road, about two miles from Millinocket Municipal Airport), ever since as long ago as late 2007, pending a planned permanent move to a 22,000 watt facility with an antenna HAAT of 198.4 meters (from just off Nicatou Road in Medway, well east of WSYY-FM's old or current transmitter tower location).
 On November 23th, 2016, the CP for this proposed move was modified to a 45,000 watt facility with an antenna HAAT of 146.7 meters, the first time this proposed move has ever received official approval from the FCC.
 WSYY-FM is one of the two Maine affiliates—apart from WLOB—of When Radio Was (7 days a week from 5:00AM through 6:00AM ET and also from 10:00PM through 11:00PM ET), is one of the two Maine affiliates (WWMJ) of The Acoustic Storm (Saturdays from 9:00AM through 12:00PM ET), is Maine's only affiliate of the Crook & Chase syndicated Country Music countdown programming (Sunday afternoons from 2:00PM through 6:00PM ET), and is an affiliate of the Blues Deluxe radio show.
 WSYY-FM/WSYY-AM are unusual in that while these stations are authorized to broadcast 24 hours a day, the stations both have sign-offs every day (WSYY-AM signing off at sun-down, broadcasting only on Weekends (but not between Monday-through-Friday) and WSYY-FM broadcasting for approximately 18¼ hours per day, 7 days a week, WSYY-FM's broadcast day concluding with the 11:00PM ET Top-of-the-Hour CBS Radio newscast and then a Nightly Sign-Off Announcement and then an instrumentation of the American national anthem, followed by Dead Air amidst a Transmitter Power-Down, not Signing Back Onto The Air until 4:55AM ET).
 In Old Town and also Bangor (and continuing southward and/or southwestward), the station has strong FM co-channel interference with Portland-market WHOM (which transmits from atop Mount Washington in New Hampshire, the tallest peak in the Northeast and had for a long time claimed on its website that it has the largest coverage area of any FM station in the United States, its signal spanning five states: NH, ME, VT, MA, NY and also parts of Southern Quebec Province, Canada), this matter being especially problematic before dawn or after dusk.
 In favorable atmospheric conditions, a very weak signal of WHOM can be DX-ed in Millinocket during overnight hours (when WSYY-FM is off-the-air).
Al Lewis (born Albert Meister; April 30, 1923February 3, 2006) was an American character actor best known for his role as Count Dracula lookalike "Grandpa", opposite Fred Gwynne's and Yvonne De Carlo's characters on the CBS television series "The Munsters" from 1964 to 1966 and its subsequent film versions.
 Later in life, he was also a restaurant owner, political candidate, and radio broadcaster.
George Eldredge (September 10, 1898 – March 12, 1977) was an American character actor.
 Although he never became a major performer, Eldredge played in over 180 movies during a career that stretched from the 1930s to the early 1960s.
 He also had a prolific television career during the 1950s.
 He was the older brother of character actor John Dornin Eldredge.
Radioshow is а cult Lithuanian black comedy radio and TV show hosted by Algis Ramanauskas-Greitai and Rimas Šapauskas.
 It is also the name of their humorous rock band.
 Radioshow has started at radio station Radiocentras in 1992.
 Later it has moved to the radio station Ultra Vires.
 In 1995 Radioshow debuted as a comedy puppet show on TV at LNK station.
 From 1997 till 1999 Radioshow was running at BTV TV station.
 In 2004 it briefly ran on Vilnius radio station Užupio radijas before being shut down, because of swearing on the air.
 However the show was immediately picked up by the regional radio station Vox Maris.
