Birchwood Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Fort Gratiot Township, outside the city of Port Huron, Michigan, United States.
 It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties, one of the largest mall owners in the United States.
 The Mall features more than 100 stores, a ten-screen movie theater run by AMC Theatres, and a food court.
 Carson's, JCPenney, Macy's, and Target are the mall's anchor stores.
 The fifth anchor was Sears which closed in 2016.
 The mall is located on Pine Grove Avenue (M-25), north of Interstate 69 (I-69) and I-94.
The Original Outlet Mall was an indoor outlet mall located in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
 The mall opened in 1982 as Wisconsin's first outlet mall.
 In 2005 the mall was demolished by its new owners, Tucker Development of Highland Park, Illinois.
 An Ashley Furniture store now occupies a portion of the land on which the mall stood.
Karcher Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Nampa, Idaho, U.S..
 The mall opened in August 1965 with Buttrey Food & Drug, Rasco-Tempo, and Skaggs Drug Centers as anchor stores.
 The mall was the largest shopping center in the Treasure Valley until 1988 when the Boise Towne Square Mall was opened in Boise.
 The new mall directed traffic away for the Karcher Mall and several retailers, including 20-year-old anchor JCPenney, departed the mall to move to Boise.
 Since then, the mall has been sold to numerous owners, each of which attempted to revitalize the mall to mixed results.
 Today, the mall has 28 stores, including anchor stores Burlington Coat Factory, Discount Furniture, Jo-Ann Fabrics, Ross Dress for Less, and Mor Furniture, and is owned by Milan Properties, Inc.
Hubertus "Huib" Wilton (12 March 1921 in Rotterdam – 29 October 1959) was a Dutch tennis player.
 He was on the 1953 Netherlands Davis Cup team which also included among others Hans van Swol (his partner in the men's doubles), Boebi van Meegeren and Ivo Rinkel.
 In 1950 Wilton reached the second round at Wimbledon, losing to Henry Billington of Great Britain 6–1 7–5 11–9.
Pierre Bossier Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located at the intersection of Interstate 20 and Airline Drive (Louisiana Highway 3105) in Bossier City, Louisiana.
 The mall, as is the city it is located in, is named after early settler Pierre Bossier.
 The mall was purchased by General Growth Properties, who built and sold it in the 1980s, for $26 million in October 1998.
 It is currently owned and managed by Rouse Properties, one of the largest mall owners in the United States.
 Its anchor stores are J. C. Penney, Sears, Dillard's, Virginia College, and Forever 21, formerly Stage, established with the sale in 1994 by Horace Ladymon of the Beall-Ladymon Corporation.
 The mall had a theater, The Bossier 6.
 It was opened September 10, 1982 and was operated by AMC.
 It closed in 2000.
Viaport Rotterdam, formerly Rotterdam Square, is a shopping mall located in Rotterdam, New York, United States.
 When it opened, the mall was originally called Rotterdam Square and owned by Wilmorite Properties (who also owned Wilton Mall in Wilton) until 2005, when Wilmorite was acquired by The Macerich Company, who then took over ownership and management of most of their properties.
 The mall has an area of 900000 sqft on one level with over 80 stores, a 450-seat food court as well as restaurants and a seven-screen Sony-Loews Cineplex, now operated by Zurich Cinemas (independent company).
 The mall was purchased by Kohan Retail Investment Group in January 2014, and was later sold to Via Properties in June 2015.
 In 2016 Via Properties renamed the mall to Via Port Rotterdam
Saratoga Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Wilton, New York near the city of Saratoga Springs, New York.
 It was demolished in 1999.
 It was previously known as Pyramid Mall Saratoga and was located on Route 50 just off Exit 15 on I-87 (the Adirondack Northway portion).
 After demolition, it was replaced by a big box strip center known as Wilton Square.
Eastland Mall was a shopping mall in Charlotte, North Carolina.
 The center opened in 1975 as the then-largest mall in North Carolina with three anchor department stores, Belk, J.C. Penney and Ivey's, and a Sears store joined four years later.
 Burlington Coat Factory, the mall's final anchor, has closed, leaving all anchors vacant.
 The mall was owned by Glimcher Realty Trust and the City of Charlotte.
 Glimcher requested the mall be put into receivership due to heavy debt, and there were reports of the mall entering foreclosure.
 LNR sold the interior space in the mall to Boxer Properties of Houston for $2 million.
 It ceased operations as of June 30, 2010, and was purchased by the city of Charlotte from Boxer Properties, and the owners of the vacant anchors in hopes of selling it to a developer.
ViaPort Florida (formerly known as Lake Square Mall) is an enclosed shopping mall in Leesburg, Florida.
 Opened on September 24, 1980, it is managed by Lake Square Mall Realty Management and Via Properties.
 Anchor stores are Belk, Sears, and Via Entertainment
Wilton Mall at Saratoga (or simply The Wilton Mall) is a regional shopping center, located off Interstate 87 exit 15 in the town of Wilton, directly north of Saratoga Springs, New York.
 The mall has a gross leasable area of 763270 sqft .
 The mall is anchored by Bon-Ton, Dick's Sporting Goods, JCPenney, HomeGoods, and Sears; in addition, it features a food court and movie theater.
 It is currently owned by Macerich, having been purchased from Wilmorite Properties of Rochester, New York in 2004.
