Line 6 of the Fuzhou Metro () or Airport Line () runs from Cangshan District to Changle City.
 It starts at Exhibition Center Station and ends at Fuzhou Changle International Airport Station.
 The total length is 40.9 km.
 Line 6's color is pink.
 The construction is planned to begin by the end of 2016 and ends in 2021, from Exhibition Center to Fuzhou Changle International Airport.
Xia Yunyi () (1596–1645) was a Ming dynasty poet.
 He was born in Songjiang (now a district in Shanghai).
 He was magistrate of Changle County.
 An opponent of the Qing dynasty, he supported the Southern Ming dynasty.
 He committed suicide.
A sleeper dike (in Dutch "slaperdijk") is a dike which does not normally face water, but serves as a backup if a "front-line" dike in front of it breaks.
The Smiley face murder theory (variations include Smiley face murders, Smiley face killings, Smiley face gang, and others) is a theory advanced by two retired New York City detectives, Kevin Gannon and Anthony Duarte, that a number of young men found dead in bodies of water across several Midwestern American states over the last decade did not accidentally drown, as concluded by law enforcement agencies, but were victims of a serial killer or killers.
 The term "smiley face" became connected to the alleged murders when it was made public that the police had discovered graffiti depicting a smiley face near locations where they think the killer dumped the bodies in at least a dozen of the cases.
 The response of law enforcement investigators and other experts to Gannon and Duarte's theory has been largely skeptical.
The Orange County Water District (OCWD) is a California special district that manages the groundwater basin beneath central and northern Orange County, California.
 The groundwater basin provides a water supply to 19 municipal water agencies and special districts that serve more than 2.4 million Orange County residents.
 The Orange County Water District's service area covers approximately 350 square miles and the District owns approximately 1,600 acres in and near the Santa Ana River, which it uses to capture water flows for groundwater recharge.
 Additionally, OCWD owns approximately 2,150 acres of land above the Prado Dam in the Prado Reservoir and uses that land for water conservation, water storage and water quality improvements.
 OCWD's administrative offices and the Groundwater Replenishment System (GWRS) facilities are located in Fountain Valley, while OCWD operates various groundwater recharge facilities located in Anaheim and Orange.
Xujiacao Changle Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Ningbo Rail Transit that started operations on 30May 2014.
 It is situated over Wangchun Road () and Xinyuan Road () in the Haishu District of Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, eastern China.
The Sonoma County Water Agency maintains a water transmission system that provides naturally filtered Russian River water to more than 600,000 residents in portions of Sonoma County, California and Marin County, California.
 The Water Agency is a water wholesaler that sells potable water to nine cities and special districts that in turn sell drinking water to their residents.
 Theses cities and special districts are: the City of Santa Rosa, Rohnert Park, Cotati, Petaluma, Sonoma, the Town of Windsor, Valley of the Moon Water District, Marin Municipal Water District, and North Marin Water District.
Feng Xingxi (馮行襲) (died July 31, 910), courtesy name Zhengchen (正臣), formally Prince Zhongjing of Changle (長樂忠敬王), was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who later became a subject of the succeeding Later Liang.
 He was tall and strong and known as "Green Face Feng" for his green birthmark on his face.
The Inland Feeder is a 44 mi high capacity water conveyance system that connects the California State Water Project to the Colorado River Aqueduct and Diamond Valley Lake.
 The Metropolitan Water District of Southern California designed the system to increase Southern California's water supply reliability in the face of future weather pattern uncertainties, while minimizing the impact on the San Francisco Bay/Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta environment in Northern California.
 The feeder takes advantage of large volumes of water when available from Northern California, depositing it in surface storage reservoirs, such as Diamond Valley Lake, and local groundwater basins for use during dry periods and emergencies.
 This improves the quality of Southern California drinking water by allowing more uniform blending of better quality water from the state project with Colorado River supplies, which has a higher mineral content.
   (, Foochow Romanized: Diòng-lŏ̤h) is a district located in eastern Fujian province, China.
 Administered by Fuzhou, it occupies a land area of 648 km2 and a sea area of 1327 km2 .
 Changle was established in the sixth year of Emperor Wu-De (623 AD) during the Tang Dynasty, and it became a county-level city on February 18, 1994.
 The district faces East China Sea and is connected to Mawei district by the Min River.
 Due to an increase in businesses, the province is now one of the richest province in China.
 The city was upgraded into a district on August 2017 by a government proposal.
