My Sin is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Abbott, and written by Abbott, Owen Davis, Adelaide Heilbron and Frederick J. Jackson.
 The film stars Tallulah Bankhead, Fredric March, Harry Davenport, Scott Kolk, and Lily Cahill.
 The film was released on October 3, 1931, by Paramount Pictures.
The Fall Guy is a 1930 American pre-Code crime drama film, directed by Leslie Pearce and written by Tim Whelan, based upon the Broadway hit "The Fall Guy, a Comedy in Three Acts", written by George Abbott and James Gleason.
 It starred Jack Mulhall and Pat O'Malley, and its supporting cast included Mae Clarke, who would become famous the following year when James Cagney pushed a grapefruit into her face in the film, "The Public Enemy".
The Cheat (1931) is an American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Abbott and starring Tallulah Bankhead and Harvey Stephens.
 The film is a remake of the 1915 silent film of the same name, directed by Cecil B. DeMille.
Manslaughter is a 1930 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Abbott, and starring Claudette Colbert and Fredric March.
 An original print of the film is saved in the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
The Carnival Man is a 1929 American sound short drama film, directed by George Abbott and starring Walter Huston.
Secrets of a Secretary is a 1931 Pre-Code drama film directed by George Abbott, and starring Claudette Colbert and Herbert Marshall.
 The film was stage actress Mary Boland's first role in a talkie.
Four Walls is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by William Nigh and starring John Gilbert, Joan Crawford, and Carmel Myers.
 The film is based on the play of the same name by George Abbott and Dana Burnet.
 "Four Walls" is now considered lost.
Broadway is a 1926 Broadway play produced by Jed Harris and written and directed by George Abbott and Philip Dunning.
 It was Abbott's first big hit on his way to becoming "the most famous play doctor of all time" after he "rejiggered" Dunning's play.
 The crime drama used "contemporary street slang and a hard-boiled, realistic atmosphere" to depict the New York City underworld during Prohibition.
 It opened on September 16, 1926, at the Broadhurst Theatre and was one of the venue's greatest hits, running for 603 performances.
Half Way to Heaven is a 1929 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Abbott and written by Abbott, Henry Leyford Gates and Gerald Geraghty.
 The film stars Charles 'Buddy' Rogers, Jean Arthur, Paul Lukas, Helen Ware, Oscar Apfel and Irving Bacon.
 The film was released on December 14, 1929, by Paramount Pictures.
Heat Lightning is a 1934 Pre-Code drama film starring Aline MacMahon, Ann Dvorak, and Preston Foster.
 It is based on the play of the same name by Leon Abrams and George Abbott.
