The Rats were an American garage punk band from Portland, Oregon, formed by Fred Cole previously of the garage rock band, The Lollipop Shoppe.
 Cole played guitar and sang, his wife, "Toody" played bass and sang, and initially Rod Rat played drums.
 Their sound was a raw mix of punk rock with occasional country touches.
 Their self-titled debut album appeared on Cole's Whizeagle label in 1980.
 Soon after, Rod Rat left the band, though he guested on the 1981 follow-up "Intermittent Signals" before his death by suicide.
 (Prior to his suicide Rod Rat (aka Rod Hibbert) also played drums in 1980-81 for Portland power pop band Domino Theory).
 Sam Henry, formerly of the Wipers, played drums on this LP but left to join another Portland band, Napalm Beach.
 Louis Samora was on the drum throne for the 1983 album "In a Desperate Red", still on Whizeagle.
 Samora left in 1984 to concentrate on his rockabilly band, The Jackals.
 The band broke up, but Bill Barker of Profile Studios in Vancouver, British Columbia convinced the band to reunite for a single.
 It appeared under the band name The Desperate Edge later in 1984.
 Soon after, Cole assembled a country band, Western Front, and he and Toody later reunited in Dead Moon.
 The Rats' records have long been out of print and sell for high prices on eBay.
 In 2008, Portland's Mississippi Records reissued the first album on vinyl.
"All Join Hands" is a song by the British rock band Slade, released in 1984 as the lead single from the band's twelfth studio album "Rogues Gallery".
 The song was written by lead vocalist Noddy Holder and bassist Jim Lea, and produced by John Punter.
 It reached No. 15 in the UK, remaining in the chart for ten weeks.
Crackers – The Christmas Party Album is a studio/compilation album by the British rock band Slade.
 It was released on 18 November 1985 and reached No. 34 in the UK charts.
 It was certified Gold by the BPI that same month.
 The album was produced by bassist Jim Lea except "All Join Hands", "Do You Believe in Miracles", "My Oh My" and "Run Runaway", which were all produced by John Punter.
 The album contained a mix of the band's previous hits, some re-recorded songs and a selection of covers.
Rise Above is an album by indie rock band Dirty Projectors, released on September 11, 2007.
 The album was band leader Dave Longstreth's reinterpretation of Black Flag album "Damaged", having not heard it in 15 years.
 The album features Longstreth on guitar and vocals, Amber Coffman on vocals and guitar, Brian McOmber on drums, Nat Baldwin on bass, and Susanna Waiche on vocals.
 Angel Deradoorian would join the band shortly before the "Rise Above" tour on bass and vocals.
 This album is the first that presents Dirty Projectors as a fully realized band rather than an individual project of Longstreth.
"You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" is a song by American punk rock band the Offspring.
 It is the third track on the band's eighth studio album "Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace" (2008) and was released as the second single from the album on September 4, 2008.
 The song had previously impacted radio on August 12.
 This is the band's 3rd No.1 single on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart after "Come Out and Play" and "Hit That".
 The song stayed at No. 1 for 11 weeks, making it the longest consecutive run for any Offspring single at No. 1.
 "You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" is certified Gold by the RIAA; despite this, "Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace" has never been certified by the RIAA.
 It also reached No. 1 on KROQ's Top 106.7 songs of 2008 countdown list.
 It is the band's most successful hit of the 2000s and overall one of the most popular songs by the band.
 On the album Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace, it appears as the third track after Trust in You.
Join Hands is the second studio album by the English post-punk band Siouxsie and the Banshees.
 It was released in September 1979 by the record label Polydor.
 Upon its release, it was hailed by the British press, including "Melody Maker", "Sounds", "NME" and "Record Mirror".
The Joys of Living 2008–2010 is a compilation album by the British rock band Sharks, released 5 April 2011.
 It compiles tracks recorded during the band's first two years, including their "Shallow Waters" EP (2008), "Common Grounds" single (2009), and "Show of Hands" EP (2010), along with the new tracks "Sweet Harness" and "The Joys of Living".
 It serves as a debut for the band in the United States, where their prior releases were available only as imports.
 The album was released through the band's imprint Velvet Scene, a joint venture with Rise Records.
 The band supported the album by touring the United States with Social Distortion and Chuck Ragan in April and May 2011, and by playing the 2011 Warped Tour.
"Playground Twist" is a song by English post-punk band Siouxsie and the Banshees.
 It was released in 1979 by record Polydor as the sole single from the band's second album, "Join Hands" (1979).
Join the Dots is the second studio album by British psychedelic rock band TOY, released on 9 December 2013 in Europe and the UK (17 December, USA) through Heavenly Recordings.
 The band recorded the album with Dan Carey, who also produced their debut album, and it took twice as long as their first album to record and master.
 The first single to be released from the album was "Join the Dots", released in October, 2013, as a download and limited hand-stamped seven-inch vinyl.
 A limited edition of the album included the EP "Join the Dubs" containing five Dub remixes.
This is the discography of Tom Morello, an American Grammy-award winning rock guitarist most known for his work with the bands Rage Against the Machine, Audioslave, Street Sweeper Social Club and as his folk alter-ego The Nightwatchman.
 Morello started playing guitar in the mid 80's in the band Electric Sheep together with future Tool guitarist Adam Jones on bass.
 After graduating "" from Harvard University in 1986 with a BA in political science, he moved to Los Angeles, where he briefly worked as an aide to Senator Alan Cranston.
 Later Adam Jones moved to L.A. as well; Morello introduced Jones and Maynard James Keenan to Danny Carey, who would come to form the band Tool.
 In the late 80's Morello was recruited to replace original guitar player Mike Livingston in the rock band Lock Up, in 1986 the band released its only album Something Bitchin' This Way Comes.
 In 1991 Morello left Lock Up to start a new band, after being impressed by Zack de la Rocha freestyle rapping he invited him to join his band, he also drafted Brad Wilk who had previously auditioned as a drummer for Lock Up.
 After Zack convinced his childhood friend Tim Commerford to join as the band's bass player the line up was complete.
