Home Truths (1999) is a novella by British author David Lodge.
 It was first written as a play of the same name, performed at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre in 1998.
The British Museum is Falling Down (1965) is a comic novel by British author David Lodge about a 25-year-old poverty-stricken student of English literature who, rather than work on his thesis (entitled "The Structure of Long Sentences in Three Modern English Novels") in the reading room of the British Museum, is distracted time and again from his work and who gets into all kinds of trouble instead.
Deaf Sentence (2008) is a novel by British author David Lodge.
Nice Work is a 1988 novel by British author David Lodge.
 It is the final volume of Lodge's "Campus Trilogy", after "Changing Places" (1975) and "" (1984).
 "Nice Work" won the Sunday Express Book of the Year award in 1988
Out of the Shelter (1970) is a novel by British author David Lodge.
Thinks ... is a 2001 novel by British author David Lodge.
Paradise News (1991) is a novel by British author David Lodge.
 The novel explores the notion of paradise on earth and in heaven.
Curiosity quotient is a term put forth by author and journalist Thomas L. Friedman as part of an illustrative formula to explain how individuals can be powerfully motivated to learn about a personally interesting subject, whether or not they possess a particularly high intelligence quotient (IQ).
 The non-mathematical and fictitious formula is CQ + PQ > IQ; where CQ is "curiosity quotient" and PQ is "passion quotient."
 Thomas Friedman states that when curiosity is paired with passion in the exploration of a subject of interest, an individual may be able to acquire an amount of knowledge comparable that of a person who is exceptionally intelligent, because of the vast amount of information resources available through the Internet.
Therapy (1995) is a novel by British author David Lodge.
The Friedman Unit, or simply Friedman, is a tongue-in-cheek neologism.
 One Friedman Unit is equal to six months, specifically the "next six months", a period repeatedly declared by "New York Times" columnist Thomas Friedman to be the most critical of the then-ongoing Iraq War even though such pronouncements extended back over two and a half years.
