The Oracle was the fictional High School newspaper in the "Sweet Valley High" book series.
 It was well-run and mostly very informative.
 Elizabeth Wakefield was the most dedicated staff member and most of her friends worked with her.
 The editor-in-chief was Penny Ayala, who saw this as a step to being an editor of an international newspaper, and it was because of that reason that she and Elizabeth were close friends.
 Other staff members included Arts editor Olivia Davidson; John Pfeifer, who was sports editor until he pursued a vicious vendetta against Lila Fowler; Abbie Richardson who was the staff cartoonist (she created and drew the comic strip, "Jenny"); and Jeffrey French who was one of several photographers along with Penny's younger sister, Tina Ayala and Allen Walters.
Academic probation in the United Kingdom is a period served by a new academic staff member at a university or college when they are first given their job.
 It is specified in the conditions of employment of the staff member, and may vary from person to person and from institution to institution.
 In universities founded prior to the Further and Higher Education Act 1992, it is usually three years for academic staff and six months to a year for other staff.
 In the universities created by that Act, and in colleges of higher education, the period is generally just a year across the board, for both academic and other staff.
Michael Wood born in Lincoln, England, was director of the Gauss Seminars in Criticism at Princeton from 1995 to 2001, chaired Princeton's English department from 1998 to 2004, and still teaches at Princeton today, where he is professor emeritus.
 He is one of the foremost literary and cultural critics in the English-speaking world, and is an author of critical and scholarly books as well as a highly respected writer of reviews, review articles, and columns.
 He writes in literary publications such as "The New York Review of Books" and the "London Review of Books," where he is also an editorial board member and where his column, "At the Movies", is highly regarded.
 Wood also teaches at Middlebury College's Bread Loaf School of English in Vermont during the summers.
Nina Stibbe (born 1962) is a British writer.
 After growing up in Leicester, she became a nanny in the household of Mary-Kay Wilmers, editor of the London Review of Books.
 Her semi-fictionalised account of this time was the basis for her first book "Love, Nina: Despatches from Family Life" which was adapted into the 2016 BBC television series "Love, Nina".
Andrzej Jerzy Buras (born 26 October 1946 in Warsaw, Poland) is a theoretical physicist, professor emeritus at the Technical University Munich (TUM).
 He received his master's degree in theoretical physics at the Warsaw University in 1971, and emigrated to Denmark in the same year.
 One year later, he received his PhD at the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen.
 He then worked as a post-doctoral fellow at the Niels Bohr Institute until 1975.
 After a fellowship in the CERN theory group from 1975-1977 he was first a visitor and then a staff member in the Fermilab theory group from 1977 till 1982.
 He then became staff member of the Max Planck Institute for Physics in Munich (1982-1988).
 In 1988 finally he was appointed full professor in the Physics Department of the TUM.
 After his retirement in 2012 he moved to the TUM Institute for Advanced Study where he is leading the focus group 'Fundamental Physics'.
Shanghai Review of Books () is a Chinese weekly paper-magazine supplement to Shanghai's "Oriental Morning Daily" (东方早报）with articles on literature, culture, history, art and current affairs, including book reviews, interviews and essays.
 It is published as an insert in each Sunday edition of the daily.
 It is one of the most influential literary-intellectual magazines in China.
 Most of its contributors are intellectuals such as writers or scholars.
 One special column of the "Review" would introduce a personal book room in Shanghai and its owner in every issue.
 The foundation of the "Review" is inspired by "The New York Review of Books" and "London Review of Books" in early 2008.
 The pilot issue of the "Review" was published in 25 May, and the formal first issue published in 6 July.
 The "Review" celebrated its 8th anniversary in 2016.
 The content of the "Review" also updates on news website The Paper (thepaper.cn).
 As the print version of "Oriental Morning Daily" has stopped publication since 2017, the "Review" has completely shifted to online edition.
Benjamin Hataman is a Filipino staff member who was charged with murder in the 2007 assassination of rival political leader Wahab Akbar in Basilan.
 He is cousin and former staff member to Mujiv S. Hataman, is an influential politician who was also implicated by ultimately cleared of involvement due to lack of evidence.
The Mulford Biological Exploration of the Amazon Basin was a scientific expedition to the Amazon conducted in 1921.
 It was organized by Henry Hurd Rusby, who at age 64, was a well known explorer, a professor at Columbia University, and a staff member at the New York Botanical Garden.
 He hired Orland Emile White, a staff member at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden, to assist with collection and handling of plant specimens.
 The expedition was financed by the H. K. Mulford Company, a pharmaceutical company.
Corbett O'Toole (born 1951) is a disability rights activist.
 She had polio as a child.
 She ran the Disabled Women's Coalition office with Lynn Witt in the 1970s.
 She worked as a staff member at the Center for Independent Living in Berkeley from 1973-1976, and as a staff member for the Disability Rights and Education Fund (DREDF) from 1980-1983.
Butcher's Broom is an epic, historical novel by Neil M. Gunn written in 1934.
 Based on a semi-fictionalised account of the Highland Clearances in Sutherland, the novel deals with the decline of Highland culture in a wide scope of pre-Clearance and post-Clearance life, as well as the Clearances themselves.
