"Lonely Press Play" is the second single by Damon Albarn, from his solo debut album "Everyday Robots".
 It was released as a single in digital format on 27 February 2014.
 The song was made available to all who had pre-ordered Albarn's album from iTunes.
 The song was produced by Albarn & Richard Russell, the music video for the song was uploaded onto Albarn's official YouTube channel on the day of release.
Made in the Manor is the fifth studio album by British rapper Kano.
 The album was released on 4 March 2016 by Parlophone Records and Bigger Picture Music.
 It is Kano's first album release for six years following "Method to the Maadness" (2010), featuring guest appearances from Wiley, Giggs, Jme and Damon Albarn.
 The production was handled by frequent collaborators Mikey J, Fraser T Smith, Blue May and Damon Albarn, alongside Jodi Milliner, Kwes, Mele, Rustie, Sam Beste, Swifta Beater and Zeph Ellis.
"Tomorrow Comes Today" is a song from alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz's self-titled debut album "Gorillaz" and was their first release when issued as an EP in November 2000.
 The first three songs from the EP ended up on their debut album, however, "Latin Simone" was heavily edited, and dubbed into Spanish, for the album release.
 The new version was sung by Ibrahim Ferrer, and renamed "Latin Simone (¿Que Pasa Contigo?)"
.
 The original version is sung by 2D (voiced by Damon Albarn) and appears along with "12D3" on the later-released compilation album "G Sides".
 The song itself was also the fourth and final single from that album, released on 25 February 2002.
 It peaked at number 33 on the UK Singles Chart.
 A demo version of the song, "I Got The Law" was included as a bonus track of the Japanese edition of "13" by Blur, Damon Albarn's other musical project.
Stuart Harold "2-D" Pot is a fictional character who is a musician and member of the British virtual band, Gorillaz.
 He provides the lead vocals and plays the keyboard for the band.
 2-D's singing voice is provided by Blur frontman Damon Albarn on Gorillaz' recordings and performances, while in additional material, his speaking voice is provided by actor Nelson De Freitas in various Gorillaz direct-to-video projects such as "" and "".
 In 2017, Kevin Bishop was cast as the new speaking voice of 2-D.
 He was created by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett.
Ravenous is the score for the film of the same name.
 It was written and performed by Damon Albarn and Michael Nyman (by agreement, Albarn credited first on the album and Nyman credited first on the film credits).
 The score was actually not a collaboration, according to Nyman: "Ravenous was a joint composition in the sense that Damon Albarn composed 60% of the tracks and I did the rest."
 It features Nyman's first writing for banjo since his 1981 self-titled album.
Nick Catanese (born June 2, 1971) is the former rhythm guitarist for Black Label Society.
 He supported lead player Zakk Wylde, who has commented that "If I'm Keith Richards, he's Mick Taylor".
 Nicknamed "The Evil Twin" for his capability to keep up with Zakk Wylde, Nick joined with him when he noticed Wylde's email address in a magazine, and on a whim told Zakk that if he ever needed a guitar player to let him know.
 Zakk had been discussing with his wife about getting a second guitarist that very day, then got back to Nick, the two met up and jammed and Nick joined Zakk on the Book of Shadows tour (Wylde's solo album).
 When Zakk was looking to form a band in 1998, Nick recommended drummer Phil Ondich to Zakk, "Sonic Brew" was recorded, and in 1999, John DeServio was added to the lineup on bass – Black Label Society was officially formed.
 Phil was eventually replaced by Craig Nunenmacher, and several bassists (Steve Gibb, Mike Inez, Robert Trujillo, and James Lomenzo) replaced JD until he ultimately returned to the band in October 2005.
 Nick left Black Label Society in December 2013.
Black Utopia is the third solo album by keyboard player Derek Sherinian.
 In addition to the returning members Zakk Wylde, Simon Phillips and Steve Lukather, three new musicians joined Sherinian: bass guitarist Billy Sheehan and guitarists Yngwie Malmsteen – with whom Sherinian had toured in 2001 – and Al Di Meola.
 "One of the highlights of my career was flying to Miami to produce Yngwie, and the next day Al Di Meola - all for my record!"
 The song "Axis Of Evil", (co-written with KISS drummer Eric Singer), has Zakk Wylde and Yngwie Malmsteen in a guitar duel.
 "Black Utopia" was the beginning of an ongoing collaboration with drummer Brian Tichy, and album cover artist Mattias Noren.
 "Black Utopia" is Sherinian's best selling solo record to date.
The solo discography of British musician Damon Albarn consists of four collaboration albums, four soundtrack albums, three extended plays and twelve singles.
 Also included are releases by Albarn's various side-projects and groups such as Mali Music, The Good the Bad & the Queen, Monkey, DRC Music and Rocket Juice & the Moon.
 Most of Albarn's work is either released by Honest Jon's Records (which is run by Albarn), Parlophone or EMI Records.
Live at the De De De Der is the name of two live albums by English musician Damon Albarn, recorded by Abbey Road Studios during his two consecutive dates at the Royal Albert Hall in London on the 15 and 16 November 2014, available for sale immediately after each show.
 The performances feature Albarn's band The Heavy Seas, and include guest appearances by artists such as Brian Eno, De La Soul, Kano, and Albarn's Blur bandmate Graham Coxon.
 The albums feature songs from a number of Albarn's projects, including songs by Gorillaz, Blur, The Good, the Bad & the Queen, and Mali Music.
 The albums were released exclusively for sale at the two performances and on the Abbey Road Studios website.
 Damon Albarn's long-term partner Suzi Winstanley designed the front cover.
Pride and Glory is Zakk Wylde's first self-fronted album.
 It has more of a Southern rock sound than Zakk Wylde's other albums incorporating the likes of banjo, harmonica and mandolin.
