Norwegian County Road 406 (Fv 406) is a Norwegian county road in Birkenes municipality in Aust-Agder county, Norway.
 The 18.1 km long road runs between the village of Sennumstad on the Tovdalselva river to the village of Stemlona.
 The road connects to the Norwegian County Road 405 at Stemlona and it connects to the Norwegian National Road 41 at its other end at Sennumstad.
 The road runs through a fairly rural area in Birkenes.
 The Sørlandsbanen railway line crosses over the road at Fidje.
Norwegian County Road 3 is a county road in Vest-Agder county, Norway.
 It goes around the district of Søm, to the district of Randesund in the borough Oddernes.
 The road goes from Rona to Torsvik - Saltbustad - Korsvik - Dvergsnes - Odderhei - Holte - Tømmerstø - Vrånes - Kirkevik and Lykkedrag.
 The road ends with Norwegian County Road 401 which continues to Kristiansand, in west and Lillesand in east.
Norwegian County Road 774 (Norwegian: "Fylkesvei 774" ) is a 4.2 km long county road in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
 It intersects with European Route E6 at Mule and heads into and through parts of the town center of Levanger.
 There, the road continues as the Levanger–Hokstad Ferry operated by Tide Sjø to Hokstad on the island of Ytterøya.
 After the ferry, the road changes to Norwegian County Road 135.
Norwegian County Road 419 (Fv419) is a Norwegian county road which runs between the villages of Hannåsmoen and Klepp in Evje og Hornnes municipality in Aust-Agder county, Norway.
 The 1.8 km long road includes a bridge over the river Otra.
 It is one of five bridges over the river Otra in the municipality.
 The western end of the road connects with the Norwegian National Road 9 which runs north-south into the Setesdalen valley.
Norwegian County Road 405 (Fv405) is a Norwegian county road which runs between from the village of Vegusdal in Birkenes municipality in Aust-Agder county in the north to the junction with the Norwegian National Road 9 in the village of Mosby in Kristiansand municipality in Vest-Agder county in the south.
 The road is 54.56 km long.
 Prior to a 2010 government reform, the road was classified as a Norwegian national road.
Upper Telemark (Norwegian: "Øvre Telemark" ) is a Norwegian region comprising the inland of the county Telemark.
 More than two thirds of the total area of Telemark, or above 10,000 square kilometres, belong to the traditional region of Upper Telemark.
 Conversely, Lower Telemark refers to the more densely populated, flatter coastal area of Grenland and traditionally also includes Central Telemark.
 Upper Telemark has a varied and often scenic landscape, with many hills, mountains, valleys and lakes.
Norwegian County Road 404 (Fv 404) is a Norwegian county road in Aust-Agder county, Norway.
 The 27.83 km long road runs between the village of Frivoll in Grimstad municipality in the southeast and the village of Søre Herefoss in Birkenes municipality at the south end of the Herefossfjorden.
 The road connects to the Norwegian National Road 41 at Søre Herefoss and it connects to the European route E18 highway at Frivoll.
 The road passes between the two lakes Syndle and Rore in rural Grimstad, just northeast of the village of Roresand.
 Prior to a 2010 government reform, the road was classified as a Norwegian national road.
The Bjarkøy Fixed Link (Norwegian: "Bjarkøyforbindelsen" ) is a proposed fixed link which will connect the three islands of Bjarkøya, Sandsøya, and Grytøya in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.
 Grytøya and Bjarkøya will be connected by a subsea road tunnel and a bridge will connect Grytøya and Sandsøya.
 The tunnel to Bjarkøya will be 3.25 km long.
 The bridge to Grytøya would be 300 m long plus a 900 m long causeway.
 The project also includes 3 km of road on Grytøya to connect the existing roads to the new undersea tunnel.
 The Bjarkøy Tunnel will be part of Norwegian County Road 867, while the Sandsøya Bridge will be part of Norwegian County Road 124.
The Eastern Norway Exhibition (Norwegian: "Østlandsutstillingen" ) is a traveling regional exhibition of Norwegian contemporary art open to artists from Akershus, Buskerud, Hedmark, Oppland, Oslo, Østfold, and Vestfold counties.
 The exhibitions comprise about 60 works that are selected by a jury and divided into three categories: two-dimensional, three-dimensional, and audiovisual works.
 The Eastern Norway Exhibition is organized in equal part by district artists' organizations in Eastern Norway and it is financed by the counties in the region through the Eastern Norwegian County Network (Norwegian: "Østlandssamarbeidet" ).
 It is held in three to four different places in Eastern Norway.
 The exhibition was first held in 1979.
Norwegian County Road 63 (Norwegian: "Fylkesvei 63" or "Fv63" ) is a Norwegian county road in Møre og Romsdal county and a very small part in Oppland county, Norway.
 It begins at Norwegian National Road 15 along the lake Langvatnet in Skjåk Municipality in Oppland county and it heads north where it ends at the junction with the European route E136 highway near the town of Åndalsnes in Rauma Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county.
 The route runs for 103.6 km including a single ferry crossing over the Norddalsfjorden.
 The vast majority of the road is in Møre og Romsdal county, only the southernmost 2.5 km lie in the extreme western part of Oppland county.
 Both the Langvatnet–Geiranger and Trollstigen sections of the road are closed during winter and spring (usually early November to late May) due to the weather conditions (snow and avalanches).
 The road passes by a number of notable landmarks, which has led to the earmarking of the route as national tourist route.
