Bring It On: In It to Win It is a 2007 teen film directed by Steve Rash and starring Ashley Benson, Cassie Scerbo and Michael Copon.
Crooked Arrows is a 2012 American sports drama film directed by Steve Rash and written by Brad Riddell.
 The story is centered on a Native American (Haudenosaunee) lacrosse team making its way through a prep school league tournament in Upstate New York.
The Night Before is a 1988 film starring Keanu Reeves and Lori Loughlin.
 Reeves plays Winston Connelly, the so-called high school nerd and vice president of the astronomy club.
 Loughlin plays Tara Mitchell, the pretty and popular head cheerleader who also happens to be the local police chief's daughter.
 The Tagline was: "You lost your father's car, sold your prom date and a guy called 'Tito' wants you dead.
 It's a date that's the time of your life."
 It was filmed and set entirely in Los Angeles, California.
Just Friends is a 2005 American romantic comedy film directed by Roger Kumble, written by Adam 'Tex' Davis and starring Ryan Reynolds, Amy Smart, Anna Faris, Chris Klein and Christopher Marquette.
 The plot focuses on a formerly overweight high school nerd (Reynolds) who attempts to free himself from the friend zone after reconnecting with his lifelong crush and best friend (Smart) while visiting his hometown for Christmas.
Can't Buy Me Love is a 1987 American teen romantic comedy feature film starring Patrick Dempsey and Amanda Peterson in a story about a nerd at a high school in Tucson, Arizona who gives a cheerleader $1,000 to pretend to be his girlfriend for a month.
 The film was directed by Steve Rash and takes its title from a Beatles song with the same title.
Single Princesses and Blind Dates () is a 2010 Mainland China romance and comedy serial drama starring Taiwanese actor singer Jimmy Lin as the male lead, Chinese actress Zhao Liang as the female lead with Taiwanese actor, singer, model Dylan Kuo as the second male lead.
 It is adapted from a popular novel of the same name.
 Filming began on April 1, 2010 in Shanghai, China and ended in June 2010.
 The series began broadcasting on Chinese channel Hunan TV from September 17, 2010 on Sunday and Saturday's at 10:30 to 11:30 with 2 episodes airing per day, ending on October 2, 2010 with 30 episodes total.
 The series with English subtitles can also be seen on web channel Hulu.
com .
Night Life is a 1989 American zombie comedy film directed by David Acomba and starring Scott Grimes, John Astin, and Cheryl Pollak.
 It centers around a high school nerd named Archie Melville who is harassed from beyond the grave by the zombie corpses of his former high school bullies (recently deceased) after they are brought back to life by a freak lightning storm.
 It is also known as Grave Misdemeanors.
Bring It On: All or Nothing (previously known as Bring It On Yet Again) is a 2006 cheerleading comedy film directed by Steve Rash and starring Hayden Panettiere and Solange Knowles.
 It is the third installment in the "Bring it On" series of films that revolves around high school cheerleading.
 The film was released direct-to-DVD on August 8, 2006.
American Pie Presents: Band Camp (also known as American Pie: Band Camp) is a 2005 direct-to-DVD sex comedy film.
 It is the first installment in the "American Pie Presents" series and the fourth installment in the "American Pie" franchise.
 It was directed by Steve Rash and written by Brad Riddell.
 The film centers on Matt Stifler, younger brother of Steve Stifler.
 In this film, Matt is sent to the infamous band camp, where he is compelled to change his ways.
Brian Ralston (born April 12, 1974) is a composer and musician living in Los Angeles.
 Ralston is a graduate of the University of Arizona and the USC Thornton School of Music Scoring for Motion Pictures and Television program.
 Brian's latest film is the 2017 drama Rose starring Cybill Shepherd, James Brolin and Pam Grier.
 In 2012 he scored the 20th Century Fox inspirational sports film Crooked Arrows, starring Brandon Routh, directed by Steve Rash.
 He has also composed music for the television series "Angel" (Season 4) and scores to the theatrical motion pictures "9/Tenths", directed by Bob Degus ("Pleasantville") starring Gabrielle Anwar, Henry Ian Cusick and Dave Ortiz, the Magnolia Pictures teen heist movie Graduation directed by Mike Mayer and starring Adam Arkin, Shannon Lucio, Chris Marquette, Riley Smith and Chris Lowell, and the dramatic feature Don't Fade Away directed by Luke Kasdan, starring Beau Bridges, Mischa Barton and Ryan Kwanten.
