Grandchester is a town in the Lockyer Valley region in South East Queensland, Australia.
 It is located 76 km west of the Brisbane CBD and is within the boundaries of the City of Ipswich.
 The name derives from the old English name for bigge (Grand) and camp (Chester), which was the initial name of the locality, and suggested by the wife of the Governor of the day when the railway opened.
 At the 2011 census, Grandchester had a population of 504.
Johannes De Decker (born 1626 in Dordrecht, Holland) was one of the six signers of the articles of capitulation of New Amsterdam to the British September 6, 1664.
 De Decker was sent to work as a lawyer for Peter Stuyvesant in New Amsterdam by the Dutch West India Company in 1654.
 He held various top political positions and in 1657 was appointed Comptroller.
 On September 10 Johannes sailed to Albany (Fort Orange) to warn them the British were coming and to rally the troops.
 Fort Orange officially surrendered September 24, 1664.
Fort Frederick was a fort in Albany, New York from 1676–1789.
 Sitting atop State Street Hill (Capitol Hill) it replaced the earlier decaying Fort Orange along the Hudson River.
 The fort was named for Frederick Louis, Prince of Wales, son of King George II.
 The fort was referred to as Fort Albany in the 1936 novel "Drums Along the Mohawk".
 Several historical markers have been placed west of the location of the fort.
Berkeley Webcast (also known as webcast.berkeley) is an initiative of the University of California, Berkeley developed by the Berkeley Multimedia Research Center (BMRC) to share video and audio of full undergraduate courses and on-campus events.
 Initial research at BMRC was aided by grants from the National Science Foundation.
 Under its initial name, the "Berkeley Internet Broadcasting System," the project delivered its first seminar webcast January 1995, with the broadcast of regular courses beginning in the spring of 1999.
 The site now includes over 100 full courses available through streaming RealMedia video, streaming audio, MP3 download, and podcast, with availability of these different options varying by course and event.
Over-Run is the name of several fictional characters from the Transformers series.
 The third Over-Run was given that name after a controversy over his initial name, Spastic.
 The original character, was initially called Runabout before being renamed Over-Run due to trademark purposes.
The 37-kilometer LRT3 (initial name) or LRT Bandar Utama–Klang line (interim name) BKL or formerly known as Shah Alam line (intro name) is a light rapid transit (LRT) line that is slated to be the third LRT system in Klang Valley.
 The line will be operated by Rapid Rail Sdn Bhd.
 It was announced by the Prasarana Malaysia Berhad (Prasarana) on 24 April 2013.
 The line is currently referred to as Klang Valley LRT Line 3 or LRT3 by Land Public Transport Commission (SPAD).
Fort Orange (Dutch: "Fort Oranje" ) was the first permanent Dutch settlement in New Netherland; the present-day city of Albany, New York developed at this site.
 It was built in 1624 as a replacement for Fort Nassau, which had been built on nearby Castle Island and served as a trading post until 1617 or 1618, when it was abandoned due to frequent flooding.
 Both forts were named in honor of the Dutch House of Orange-Nassau.
 Due to a dispute between the Director-General of New Netherland and the patroonship of Rensselaerswyck regarding jurisdiction over the fort and the surrounding community, the fort and community became an independent municipality, paving the way for the future city of Albany.
 After conquest of the region by the English, they soon abandoned Fort Orange (renamed Fort Albany) in favor of a new fort: Fort Frederick, constructed in 1676.
Fort Sekondi, also Fort George, was an English fort on the Gold Coast (now Ghana), built in 1682 at Sekondi (earlier Zakonde and Secondee), next to the Dutch Fort Orange, which had been built in 1642.
 This first building was small, according to William Claridge: "[...] at Sekondi [...] Captain Henry Nurse, Agent for the English Company, also built a fort there a few years later.
 Both these buildings were of about the same size and only a gun-shot apart", and, "The Dutch Fort Orange was a very small place, being merely a square white house in a yard, mounting eight or ten guns on a terrace on the roof.
 The first English fort had been a very similar building [...]".
 This fort was destroyed on 1 June 1698, during the Dutch-Komenda war, and reduced to blackened outer walls.
 Although denied by the Dutch, reports and letters sent at the time indicated that the Dutch instigated the attack and that some plundered goods were taken to Castle Orange next-door.
 Attempts were made to rebuild it in 1700, though these had to be abandoned because of hostility from the indigenous population.
Oops-Leon is the name given by particle physicists to what was thought to be a new subatomic particle "discovered" at Fermilab in 1976.
 The E288 experiment team, a group of physicists led by Leon Lederman who worked on the E288 particle detector, announced that a particle with a mass of about 6.0 GeV, which decayed into an electron and a positron, was being produced by the Fermilab particle accelerator.
 The particle's initial name was the greek letter Upsilon (formula_1).
 After taking further data, the group discovered that this particle did not actually exist, and the "discovery" was named "Oops-Leon" as a pun on the original name (mispronounced ) and the first name of the E288 collaboration leader.
The National San Chung Senior High School () is a Taiwanese senior high school located in Sanchong District, New Taipei.
 Established in 1997, its initial name was Taiwan Provincial San Chung Senior High School ().
 After the administration of Taiwan Province Government was streamlined in 1998, the School became national and adopted the current name.
 In 2007, National San Chung Senior High School has totally 51 classes (17 classes per grade), including music classes and physical education classes, and more than 2000 students.
 In 2013, the name of the school was changed to New Taipei Municipal New Taipei Senior High School.
