Driven is a 1923 American silent romance film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.
 The director of the film was Charles Brabin.
 This film appears to be lost.
Out of a Clear Sky is a lost 1918 American silent romance drama film starring Marguerite Clark and directed by Marshall Neilan.
 Based upon a novel by Maria Thompson Daviess, Famous Players-Lasky produced the film and Paramount Pictures distributed.
Always Audacious is a 1920 American silent romance film directed by James Cruze and written by Thomas J. Geraghty.
 The film stars Wallace Reid in a dual role, Margaret Loomis, Clarence Geldart, J.M. Dumont, Rhea Haines, Carmen Phillips, and Guy Oliver.
 It is based on the short story "Toujours de l'Audace" by Ben Ames Williams.
 The film was released on November 14, 1920, by Paramount Pictures.
 It is not known whether the film currently survives, which suggests that it is a lost film.
Broadway Love is a 1918 American silent romance film directed by Ida May Park and starring Lon Chaney.
 A print of the film survives in the George Eastman House Motion Picture Collection.
A Man's Man is a lost 1918 American silent romance film directed by Oscar Apfel and produced by Paralta Plays.
 It starred J. Warren Kerrigan and Lois Wilson, the pair famous for appearing in "The Covered Wagon".
Barbed Wire is a 1927 American silent romance film set in World War I.
 It stars Pola Negri as a French farmgirl and Clive Brook as the German prisoner of war she falls in love with.
 The film was based on the novel "The Woman of Knockaloe" by Hall Caine.
 Unlike the original novel, set in Isle of Man, the film takes place in Normandy, France.
 Some plot alterations were made in the adaptation, including most importantly the insertion of a happy ending.
Young Romance is a 1915 American silent romance film directed and produced by George Melford.
 The film is based on the play of the same name by William C. deMille who also wrote the screenplay.
 Edith Taliaferro, who made only three films in her career, stars in this film which is the only one of her films that still exists.
The Soul of Buddha is a 1918 American silent romance film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara, who also wrote the film's story.
 The film was produced by Fox Film Corporation and shot at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
Old Heidelberg is a 1915 American silent romance film directed by John Emerson and starring Wallace Reid, Dorothy Gish and Karl Formes.
 It is an adaptation of the 1901 play "Old Heidelberg" by Wilhelm Meyer-Förster, the first of five film versions which have been made.
 The film still survives, unlike many productions of the era.
The Grain of Dust is a lost 1918 American silent romance drama film directed by Harry Revier based on a novel by David Graham Phillips.
 The film starred Lillian Walker.
