The Bomb Factory is a live music venue and event space located in the Deep Ellum district of downtown Dallas, Texas.
 Since its reopening in March 2015, the venue has hosted acts including Erykah Badu, Sturgill Simpson, Robert Plant of Led Zeppelin, Disclosure, Don Henley of The Eagles, Future, D'Angelo, Brand New, Hardwell, Chvrches.
, Kraftwerk, Hatsune Miku, and Ludacris.
The Strand is a 2,000-capacity live music venue in Providence, Rhode Island.
 Opened in 1915, The Strand was originally a vaudeville theater, and later a movie theater, and then reopened as a music venue in the 1990s.
 Some of the artists that performed at The Strand include Cheap Trick, Bob Dylan, Joe Satriani, B.B. King, Bad Company, Jon Bon Jovi, Joe Cocker, Slash's Snakepit and David Lee Roth.
P.A.'s Lounge is a live music venue in Somerville, Massachusetts, located near Union Square at 345 Somerville Ave. The venue's name derives from its original popularity as a club frequented by Portuguese immigrants (the letters P and A standing for Portuguese-American).
 P.A.'s then became a Portuguese seafood restaurant before re-opening as a live music venue and bar in the fall of 2002.
The UC Theatre is a music venue on University Avenue near Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley, California.
 From 1976 until 2001, it was as a movie theater known for a revival house presentation of films.
 In 2013, The Berkeley Music Group was formed as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization with the mission to renovate and operate the UC Theater as live music venue.
 It reopened its doors on April 7, 2016.
Georgia Theatre is a live music venue and event space in Athens, Georgia.
 Many prominent national and local acts across all genres have performed at the Theatre, including rock, folk, country, indie, alternative, hip hop and electronic.
 The venue is on the Athens Music History Walking Tour sponsored by the Athens Convention and Visitors Bureau.
 Georgia Theatre opened as a music venue in 1978, but spent a few years in the early 1980s operating sporadically as a movie house.
 It was reopened as a music venue in 1989 and has since hosted many of the major touring acts that come through the state.
JB's Dudley, usually known simply as JB's, was a nightclub and live music venue located on Castle Hill near the centre of Dudley, West Midlands.
 Originally opened on a different site in 1969, it claimed to be the longest-running live music venue in the United Kingdom, and hosted early performances by acts such as Dire Straits and U2.
Murray Hill Theatre is a Christian music venue and cafe located in Jacksonville, Florida.
 It is an independent, 501(c) non-profit charitable organization that is not affiliated with any church or denomination.
 It first opened as a west side movie theater in 1949 until becoming a Christian music venue in 1995.
 It is the longest-running live music venue and nightclub in Jacksonville, Florida.
Founded in October 1947, JV's Restaurant is a Falls Church and Fairfax County, Virginia restaurant and live music venue.
 Located on Arlington Boulevard, Route 50, just west of Annandale Road, JV's has provided live music for more than four decades.
 In 2004, the Washington Area Music Association presented JV's with the Special Appreciation Award, voted on by participating Washington-region musicians, as their favorite live venue.
The Somerville Theatre is an independent movie theater and concert venue in the Davis Square neighborhood of Somerville, Massachusetts, United States.
 Over one hundred years old, the Somerville Theatre started off as a vaudeville house and movie theater.
 The theater has since transitioned and now operates as a live music venue and first-run movie theater.
 As a music venue, the theater has played host to many historic concerts, including the first of the two Last Dispatch concerts, two shows by Bruce Springsteen in 2003, and a performance by U2 in 2009.
 Recent live performances have included Ryan Adams & the Cardinals, Cursive, Norah Jones, The Jonas Brothers, Joan Baez, and the John Butler Trio.
 The building also hosts the Somerville branch of the Museum of Bad Art.
Ziggy's was a live music venue and bar in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
 The Baity Street venue closed after Thanksgiving in 2007.
 On August 5, 2011, Ziggy's reopened in Winston-Salem, in a 14,000 sq foot space on the corner of 8th and Trade St. in the Downtown Arts District.
 That venue closed down on February 21, 2016.
