Phil Abraham is an American cinematographer and television director.
 He worked on all six seasons of "The Sopranos", initially as a camera operator, then as a cinematographer and eventually as an episodic director.
 He won the 2008 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Cinematography for a One Hour Series for his work on the pilot of "Mad Men" and has been nominated for four other Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Cinematography for a Single-Camera Series for his work on "The Sopranos".
 Besides working as a cinematographer for "Mad Men", he has also worked as a director for fifteen episodes.
 He picked up two more nominations for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for "Mad Men" episodes "The Jet Set" and "The Other Woman".
 He attended high school at York Preparatory School and graduated from Wesleyan University, along with "Mad Men" creator Matthew Weiner.
Retrospective: the Music of Mad Men is a soundtrack album of television series "Mad Men", released in 2015 by Republic Records in partnership with Lions Gate Entertainment.
Alison Brie Schermerhorn (born December 29, 1982 ) is an American actress and producer.
 She portrayed Annie Edison in the NBC/Yahoo! sitcom "Community" (2009–2015) and Trudy Campbell in the AMC drama "Mad Men" (2007–2015).
 Brie currently voices Diane Nguyen on the Netflix animated series "BoJack Horseman" (2014–present) and portrays Ruth Wilder on the Netflix comedy-drama series "GLOW" (2017).
 She has starred in several films, such as "Scream 4" (2011), "The Five-Year Engagement" (2012), "The Lego Movie" (2014), "Get Hard" (2015), "Sleeping with Other People" (2015), and "How to Be Single" (2016).
Jonathan Abrahams is an American television writer and producer, best known for his work on shows such as "Greek", "Mad Men" and "Haven".
 He has worked as a writer and producer for a number of television series, including "Wildfire", "Greek", "Raising the Bar", "Mad Men" and "Haven".
Carly Wray is an American television writer and producer.
 She is known for her writing on the AMC drama "Mad Men" and "The Leftovers" on HBO.
 She won a for "Mad Men" in 2016.
Mad Men is an American period drama television series created by Matthew Weiner and produced by Lionsgate Television.
 The series premiered on July 19, 2007, on the cable network AMC.
 After seven seasons and 92 episodes, "Mad Men's" final episode aired on May 17, 2015.
Melinda Leigh McGraw (born October 25, 1963) is an American actress.
 She has starred in movies such as "Albino Alligator" (1996), "Wrongfully Accused" (1998), and "" (2000), and is also known for her television performances on "The Commish", "The X-Files", "NCIS" and "Mad Men".
John M. Slattery Jr. (born August 13, 1962) is an American actor and director.
 He is best known for his role as Roger Sterling in the AMC drama series "Mad Men" and for his role as Howard Stark in cameo appearances in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films "Iron Man 2", "Ant-Man", and "".
 He has received four Primetime Emmy Awards nominations and two Critics' Choice Television Awards for "Mad Men".
 He was also part of the "Mad Men" ensemble cast that won two SAG Awards.
Wendy Benson-Landes (born July 8, 1971) is an American actress seen in many television shows.
 She played the role of Julie Harris in the 2001 biographical television movie "James Dean".
 She guest starred in many television series, including "Murder, She Wrote", "The X-Files", "Charmed", "JAG", "Ugly Betty", "According to Jim", "Ghost Whisperer", "", "Desperate Housewives" and "Mad Men".
"Waldorf Stories" is the sixth episode of the fourth season of the American television drama series "Mad Men", and the 45th overall episode of the series.
 It was written by Brett Johnson and series creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner, and directed by Scott Hornbacher.
 The episode originally aired on the AMC channel in the United States on August 29, 2010.
 This was the same evening that "Mad Men" received the award for Outstanding Drama Series at the 2010 Primetime Emmy Awards.
