Aram Saroyan (born September 25, 1943) is an American poet, novelist, biographer, memoirist and playwright, who is especially known for his minimalist poetry, famous examples of which include the one-word poem "lighght" and a one-letter poem comprising a four-legged version of the letter "m".
Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
Herbert George Wood (2 September 1879 – 9 March 1963), best known as H. G. Wood was a British theologian and academic.
 He was a lecturer in the New Testament from 1910 to 1940 at Woodbrooke College.
 At the University of Birmingham, he was the first Edward Cadbury Professor of Theology, holding the chair from 1940 to 1946, and was also Dean of the Faculty of Arts from 1943 to 1946.
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
Sal Randolph (born May 30, 1959) is an American artist and theorist who works with issues of gift-giving, money, alternate economies, and social architecture.
 She founded the non-curated sound-exchange web project Opsound, which functions through the use of music released exclusively under a copyleft license, and has been cited by Lawrence Lessig as an example of how Creative Commons works to enable artists to collaborate more freely and build on each other's work.
 Other large-scale, collaborative projects created and implemented by Randolph include Free Manifesta and The Free Biennial, in which several hundred artists presented their work in free and open shows in New York's and Frankfurt am Main's public spaces.
 Artists participating in those projects included Christophe Bruno, Aram Saroyan, Swoon (artist), and Michael Cunningham, among many others.
Dr. Edward Keonjian (14 August 1909 – 6 September 1999) was a prominent engineer, an early leader in the field of low-power electronics, the father of microelectronics.
 In 1954 Keonjian designed the world's first solar-powered, pocket-sized radio transmitter.
 In 1959 Keonjian designed the first prototype of integrated circuit.
 In 1963 he organized the world's first international symposium on low-power electronics.
 Later on Keonjian collaborated with NASA astronaut Neil Armstrong as chief of failure analysis on the Apollo 11 project.
Strawberry Saroyan (born 1970) is a journalist and author.
 The daughter of Aram Saroyan and granddaughter of playwright William Saroyan and actress Carol Matthau, she spent her childhood in Bolinas, California.
 She has a sister named Cream.
 She writes for the New York Times Style section and is the author of "".
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
My Name is Aram is a book of short stories by William Saroyan first published in 1940.
 The stories detail the exploits of Aram Garoghlanian, a boy of Armenian descent growing up in Fresno, California, and the various members of his large family.
 This book is assigned reading in some schools.
