Echo and Narcissus is a myth from Ovid's "Metamorphoses", a Latin mythological epic from the Augustan Age.
 The introduction of the myth of the mountain nymph Echo into the story of Narcissus, the beautiful youth who rejected sexuality and falls in love with his own reflection, appears to have been Ovid's invention.
 Ovid's version influenced the presentation of the myth in later Western art and literature.
Narcissus common latent virus (NCLV) is a plant pathogenic virus.
 It infects Narcissus plants.
 The term 'latent' refers to the fact that infection may be symptomless.
 Transmission occurs by Aphids.
In Greek mythology, Echo ( ; Greek: Ἠχώ , "Ēkhō", "echo", from ἦχος ("ēchos"), "sound") was an Oread who resided on Mount Cithaeron.
 Zeus loved consorting with beautiful nymphs and often visited them on Earth.
 Eventually, Zeus's wife, Hera, became suspicious, and came from Mt. Olympus in an attempt to catch Zeus with the nymphs.
 Echo, by trying to protect Zeus, endured Hera's wrath, and Hera made her only able to speak the last few words spoken to her.
 So when Echo met Narcissus and fell in love with him, she was unable to tell him how she felt and was forced to watch him as he fell in love with himself.
Larunda (also Larunde, Laranda, Lara) was a naiad nymph, daughter of the river Almo in Ovid's "Fasti".
 The only known mythography attached to Lara is little, late and poetic, coming to us from Ovid’s "Fasti".
 She was famous for both beauty and loquacity (a trait her parents attempted to curb).
 She was incapable of keeping secrets, and so revealed to Jupiter's wife Juno his affair with Juturna (Larunda's fellow nymph, and the wife of Janus).
 For betraying his trust, Jupiter cut out Lara's tongue and ordered Mercury, the psychopomp, to conduct her to Avernus, the gateway to the Underworld and realm of Pluto.
 Mercury, however, fell in love with Lara and had sex with her on the way.
 Lara thereby became mother to two children, referred to as the Lares, invisible household gods. However, she had to stay in a hidden cottage in the woods so that Jupiter would not find her.
In Greek mythology, Ameinias was a young man who fell in love with the beautiful Beotian hunter Narcissus, who had already spurned his male suitors, according version of Narcissus's myth by Conon ("Narrations," 24).
 Narcissus also spurned him and gave him a sword.
 Ameinias committed suicide at Narcissus's doorstep after being rejected by Narcissus.
 He had prayed to Nemesis to give Narcissus a lesson for all the pain he provoked.
 Narcissus walked by a pool of water and decided to drink some.
 He saw his reflection, became entranced by it, and killed himself because he could not have his object of desire, or gazing endlessly at the image, he slowly pined away and was transformed by the nymphs into a narcissus flower.
 Others say he was instead filled with remorse and killed himself beside the pool—and from his dying life's blood the flower was born.
Narcissus is a 2012 film, written and directed by Dovile Gasiunaite.
 In Greek mythology, Narcissus was a handsome young man, so vain, that the gods condemned him to fall in love with his own reflection.
 Nowadays, Narcissistic personality disorder (NPD) is a pathological preoccupation with issues of self-importance, closely connected to ego-centrism.
Narcissus is an open source JavaScript engine.
 It was written by Brendan Eich, who also wrote the first JavaScript engine, SpiderMonkey.
 Its name is based on the mythical figure of Narcissus, who fell in love with himself.
 This relates to the fact that this JavaScript engine is a metacircular interpreter, because the engine itself is also written in JavaScript, albeit using non-standard extensions that are specific to SpiderMonkey.
In Greek mythology, Narcissus ( ; Greek: Νάρκισσος , "Nárkissos") was a hunter from Thespiae in Boeotia who was known for his beauty.
 He was the son of the river god Cephissus and nymph Liriope.
 He was proud, in that he disdained those who loved him.
 Nemesis noticed this behavior and attracted Narcissus to a pool, where he saw his own reflection in the water and fell in love with it, not realizing it was merely an image.
 Unable to leave the beauty of his reflection, Narcissus lost his will to live.
 He stared at his reflection until he died.
 Narcissus is the origin of the term "narcissism", a fixation with oneself and one's physical appearance or public perception.
Metamorphosis of Narcissus (1937) is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí.
 This painting is from Dalí's Paranoiac-critical period.
 According to Greek mythology, Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection in a pool.
 Unable to embrace the watery image, he pined away, and the gods immortalized him as a flower.
 Dalí completed this painting in 1937 on his long awaited return to Paris after having had great success in the United States.
Amor d'un'ombra e gelosia d'un'aura ("The Love of a Shade and the Jealousy of an Aura"), also known as Narciso ("Narcissus"), is an opera in three acts composed by Domenico Scarlatti to a libretto by Carlo Sigismondo Capece.
 It premiered in Rome in January 1714 at the private theatre of Maria Casimira of Poland who had commissioned the work.
 The libretto is based on two fables from Ovid's "Metamorphoses": Echo and Narcissus (Book III) and Cephalus and Procris (Book VII).
