Ohio County is a county located in the Northern Panhandle of the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 44,443.
 Its county seat is Wheeling.
 The county was formed from the District of West Augusta, Virginia in 1776.
 It was named for the Ohio River, which forms its western boundary.
 West Liberty (formerly Black's Cabin) was the county seat from 1777 to 1797.
Rising Sun Historic District is a national historic district located at Rising Sun, Ohio County, Indiana.
 The district encompasses 322 contributing buildings, 2 contributing sites, and 2 contributing objects in Rising Sun.
 It developed between about 1810 and 1955, and includes notable examples of Federal, Italianate, and Classical Revival style architecture.
 Located in the district are the separately listed Clore Plow Works-J.W. Whitlock and Company buildings.
 Other notable contributing resources include the First Presbyterian Church (1843), Ohio County Courthouse (1845), Alexander C. Downey House (c. 1850), Rising Sun Cemetery (aka Union and Soldier's Cemeteries; c. 1810), and Robert E. Covington House (c. 1885).
Ohio County is a county located in southeastern Indiana.
 As of 2010, the population was 6,128.
 The county seat and only incorporated municipality is Rising Sun.
 The county was officially established in 1844 and was one of the last Indiana counties to be created.
 It is the smallest county in the state in terms of both area and population.
Rising Sun is a city in Randolph Township, Ohio County, Indiana, along the Ohio River.
 The population was 2,304 at the 2010 census.
 The city is the county seat of Ohio County.
Ohio County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 23,842.
 Its county seat is Hartford.
 The county is named after the Ohio River, which originally formed its northern boundary.
 It is a moist county, which means that the sale of alcohol is only legal within certain city limits.
Kirtley is an unincorporated community in Ohio County, Kentucky, United States.
 Kirtley is located near the Green River in western Ohio County, 5.9 mi west-northwest of Centertown.
The Wabash Little Giants are the intercollegiate athletics teams that represent Wabash College, a small private school for men in Crawfordsville, Indiana, United States.
 The college belongs to the National Collegiate Athletic Association and participates in Division III sports.
 The Little Giants compete as members of the North Coast Athletic Conference.
 Despite the college's small enrollment and that it is "not a jock school", the Little Giants have had success in several sports.
 The most popular among Wabash fans are football and swimming.
 The Little Giants also have a well-respected cross-country team.
 In football, Wabash has an important rivalry with DePauw University, and each season they meet for the Monon Bell Classic.
 Wabash and DePauw compete annually to win the trophy, the Monon Bell, and as of 2015 the two teams have played 122 games in the series with Wabash holding a 60-53-9 advantage.
Wheeling is a city in Ohio and Marshall counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 Located almost entirely in Ohio County, of which it is the county seat, it lies along the Ohio River in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Wheeling was originally a settlement in the British colony of Virginia and later an important city in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
 Wheeling was the first state capital of West Virginia.
 Due to its location along major transportation routes, including the Ohio River, National Road, and the B&O Railroad, Wheeling became a manufacturing center in the late nineteenth century.
 After experiencing the closing of factories and substantial population loss following World War II, Wheeling's major industries now include healthcare, education, law and legal services, entertainment and tourism, and energy.
Pickaway County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 55,698.
 Its county seat is Circleville.
 Its name derives from the Pekowi band of Shawnee Indians, who inhabited the area.
 (See List of Ohio county name etymologies.)
Clore Plow Works-J.W. Whitlock and Company are two historic industrial buildings located at Rising Sun, Ohio County, Indiana.
 The main building consists of six interconnected buildings: the Whitlock Office (c. 1914), Whitlock Garage (c. 1914), Clore Wood Shop (c. 1900), Clore Machine Shop (c. 1900), the Forge (c. 1900), and the Engine Room (c. 1900).
 Also on the property is the Paint Shed (c. 1900).
 The Ohio County Historical Society has occupied the buildings since 1969.
