The "Crazy Castle" series is an action-puzzle game series created by Kemco and released on the Famicom Disk System, NES, Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance.
 It stars different popular cartoon characters, most notably the Warner Bros. cartoon character, Bugs Bunny, and the Walt Disney cartoon character, Mickey Mouse.
Bosko is an animated cartoon character created by animators Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising.
 Bosko was the first recurring character in Leon Schlesinger's cartoon series, and was the star of 39 "Looney Tunes" shorts released by Warner Bros. He was voiced by Carman Maxwell, Johnny Murray, and Ruby Dandridge during the 1920s and 1930s, and once by Don Messick during the 1990s.
Pete (also called Peg-Leg Pete, Pistol Pete and Black Pete, among other names) is an anthropomorphic cartoon character created in 1925 by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks.
 He is a character of The Walt Disney Company and often appears as a nemesis and the main antagonist in Mickey Mouse universe stories.
 He was originally an anthropomorphic bear but with the advent of Mickey Mouse in 1928, he was defined as a cat.
 Pete is the oldest continuing Disney character, having debuted three years before Mickey Mouse in the cartoon "Alice Solves the Puzzle" (1925).
It was for the TR-6 radio that Sony first contracted Atchan, a cartoon character created by Fuyuhiko Okabe, to become its advertising character.
 Now known as "Sony Boy", the character first appeared in a cartoon ad holding a TR-6 to his ear, but went on to represent the company in ads for a variety of products well into the mid-sixties.
Donald Duck is a cartoon character created in 1934 at Walt Disney Productions.
 Donald is an anthropomorphic white duck with a yellow-orange bill, legs, and feet.
 He typically wears a sailor shirt and cap with a bow tie.
 Donald is most famous for his semi-intelligible speech and his mischievous and temperamental personality.
 Along with his friend Mickey Mouse, Donald is one of the most popular Disney characters and was included in TV Guide's list of the 50 greatest cartoon characters of all time in 2002.
 He has appeared in more films than any other Disney character, and is the most published comic book character in the world outside of the superhero genre.
Vinylmation is a brand of 1.5", 3", and 9" vinyl collectibles sold at Disney theme parks, select Disney Stores, and the online Disney Store.
 The name "Vinylmation" is a combination of the word "Animation" and "Vinyl".
 Most figures are all shaped with the body of Mickey Mouse but have different themed markings, colors, and patterns.
 This means that all figures have round mouse ears, whether or not the painted character has them.
 This is accommodated by painting the ears with backgrounds - stars, stripes, rainbows - to match the painted character.
 The series exception is the Park Starz series which does not resemble Mickey at all, and more closely resembles iconic figures from the parks.
 Vinylmation was first introduced in July 2008, and the first figures were introduced in November 2008.
Secret Squirrel is a cartoon character created by Hanna-Barbera and also the name of his segment in "The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show", which debuted in 1965.
 He was given his own show in 1966, but was reunited with Atom Ant for one more season in 1967.
 Secret first appeared in a prime-time animated special called "The World of Atom Ant and Secret Squirrel", which aired on NBC on September 12, 1965.
 The show's half-hours included three individual cartoon segments: "Secret Squirrel", "Squiddly Diddly" and "Winsome Witch".
Felix the Cat is a funny-animal cartoon character created in the silent film era.
 The anthropomorphic black cat with his black body, white eyes, and giant grin, coupled with the surrealism of the situations in which his cartoons place him, combine to make Felix one of the most recognized cartoon characters in film history.
 Felix was the first character from animation to attain a level of popularity sufficient to draw movie audiences.
Pluto, also called Pluto the Pup, is a cartoon character created in 1930 at Walt Disney Productions.
 He is a yellow-orange color, medium-sized, short-haired dog with black ears.
 Unlike most Disney characters, Pluto is not anthropomorphic beyond some characteristics such as facial expression, though he did speak for a short portion of his history.
 He is Mickey Mouse's pet.
 Officially a mixed-breed dog, he made his debut as a bloodhound in the Mickey Mouse cartoon "The Chain Gang".
 Together with Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Donald Duck, Daisy Duck, and Goofy, Pluto is one of the "Sensational Six"—the biggest stars in the Disney universe.
 Though all six are non-human animals, Pluto alone is not dressed as a human.
Farmer Al Falfa (also known as Farmer Alfalfa), the quintessential grizzly old farmer type, is an animated cartoon character created by American cartoonist Paul Terry.
 He first appeared in "Down On the Phoney Farm" (1915), a short Terry cartoon distributed by the Thanhouser Company.
 Next came a series of shorts produced by Terry for Bray Studios, starting with "Farmer Al Falfa's Cat-Tastrophe" (1916).
