Le Médecin malgré lui (] ; "The doctor/physician in spite of himself") is a farce by Molière first presented in 1666 (published as a manuscript in early 1667) at le théâtre du Palais-Royal by la Troupe du Roi.
 The play is one of several plays by Molière to center on Sganarelle, a character that Molière himself portrayed, and is a comedic satire of 17th century French medicine.
The Doctor in Spite of Himself (Italian: Medico per forza) is a 1931 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Campogalliani.
 It is a free adaptation of Molière's play Le Médecin malgré lui.
 It was made at the Cines Studios in Rome.
Le roi l'a dit ("The King Has Spoken") is an opéra comique in three acts by Léo Delibes to a French libretto by Edmond Gondinet.
 It is a lively comedy, remarkably requiring 14 singers – six men and eight women.
 The libretto had first been offered in 1871 to Offenbach; the title also went through various permutations ("Le Talon rouge", "Si le Roi le savait", "Le Roi le sait") before settling on its final name.
 The 1885 revival brought further modifications to the libretto.
The Warlock in Spite of Himself is a science fantasy novel by American author Christopher Stasheff, published in 1969.
 It is the first book in "Warlock of Gramarye" series.
 The title is a play on the title of Molière's "Le Médecin malgré lui" ("The Doctor, in Spite of Himself").
Le Médecin volant ("The Flying Doctor") is a French play by Molière, and his first, written in 1645.
 The date of its actual premiere is unknown, but its Paris premiere took place on 18 April 1659.
 Parts of the play were later reproduced in "L'Amour médecin", and "Le Médecin malgré lui".
 It is composed of 16 scenes and has seven characters largely based on stock "commedia dell'arte" roles:
Alexis Emmanuel Chabrier (] ; January 18, 1841September 13, 1894) was a French Romantic composer and pianist.
 Although known primarily for two of his orchestral works, "España" and "Joyeuse marche", he left an important corpus of operas (including "L'étoile"), songs, and piano music.
 He was admired by composers as diverse as Debussy, Ravel, Richard Strauss, Satie, Schmitt, Stravinsky, and the group of composers known as Les six.
 Stravinsky alluded to "España" in his ballet "Petrushka"; Gustav Mahler called "España" "the beginnings of modern music" and alluded to the "Dance Villageoise" in the "Rondo Burleske" movement of his Ninth Symphony.
 Ravel wrote that the opening bars of "Le roi malgré lui" changed the course of harmony in France, Poulenc wrote a biography of the composer, and Richard Strauss conducted the first staged performance of Chabrier's incomplete opera "Briséïs".
"The King is dead, long live The King!"
 (French: "Le roi est mort, vive le roi!"
 ; Spanish: "El rey ha muerto, ¡viva el rey!"
 ; Italian: "Il re è morto, lunga vita al re!"
 ; Portuguese: "O rei está morto, longa vida ao rei!" )
, or simply "long live the king!"
, is a traditional proclamation made following the accession of a new monarch in various countries.
 The seemingly contradictory phrase is used to simultaneously announce the death of the previous monarch and assure the public of continuity by saluting the new monarch.
The Doctor in Spite of Himself () is a 1999 Hong Kong film based on the play "Le Médecin malgré lui" by Molière.
Pasquale "Pascal" Mazzotti (16 December 1923 in Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry – 19 June 2002 in Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône) was a French actor who has appeared in film, television, and theater.
 He is known for having played a role in "Hibernatus" with Louis de Funès, as well as provided the voice of Le roi (The King) in the animated feature film, "Le Roi et l'oiseau" ("The King and the Mockingbird").
Le roi malgré lui ("King in Spite of Himself" or "The reluctant king") is an opéra-comique in three acts by Emmanuel Chabrier of 1887 with an original libretto by Emile de Najac and Paul Burani.
 The opera is revived occasionally, but has not yet found a place in repertory.
