Darnell Carlton (born August 20, 1974), better known by his stage name Crunchy Black, is an American rapper and Hype man.
 He was a longtime member of the Oscar-winning rap group Three 6 Mafia from the group’s founding until 2006.
 At the 78th Academy Awards in 2006, Three 6 Mafia and Frayser Boy won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "It's Hard out Here for a Pimp".
 Crunchy left Three 6 Mafia over monetary disputes involving his desire to forward his solo career.
 Black’s debut solo album entitled "On My Own" was released on September 19, 2006.
 Crunchy has said this album was released by DJ Paul and Juicy J without his permission.
 Crunchy’s second solo album, "From Me To You" is also said to have been put out without his permission by DJ Paul and Juicy J. "From Me To You" reached 12 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart, 32 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop chart, and 10 on the "Billboard" Top Rap albums chart.
 "On My Own" reached 3 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart, 163 on the "Billboard" 200, 15 on the "Billboard" Independent Albums chart, 28 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop chart, and 13 on the "Billboard" Top Rap Albums chart.
"Lolli Lolli (Pop That Body)" is the official first single by Three 6 Mafia from their studio album "Last 2 Walk".
 It features Project Pat, Yung D and SuperPower.
 The song mixes Three 6 Mafia's hip hop style with electropop and dance pop music.
 The song was criticized by fans due to its electropop/dance pop elements, which made the song different from Three 6 Mafia's early music.
"Side 2 Side" is a song by Three 6 Mafia, which was released as the third official single from the album "Most Known Unknown".
 A music video was released for the song using a remix, and includes appearances by Project Pat and Bow Wow in addition to Three 6 Mafia's existing members (DJ Paul and Juicy J).
Three 6 Mafia is an American hip hop group from Memphis, Tennessee, signed to Columbia Records.
 The group was formed by DJ Paul, Lord Infamous, and Juicy J in 1991 and was at first known as Triple 6 Mafia.
 During the group's earlier years they were known as Backyard Posse before becoming known as Triple 6 Mafia and often worked with members of the Prophet Posse and the Gimisum Family.
 Koopsta Knicca joined the group in 1994.
 Crunchy Black was at first added to the group as a dancer in 1995 and Gangsta Boo became a full member of the group after the release of the debut album "Mystic Stylez".
Playa Fly (born Ibn Young on September 2, 1977) is an American rapper from Memphis, Tennessee.
 Fly was a member of the Three 6 Mafia (now known as Three 6 Mafia, then known as Lil' Fly), but he stopped collaborating in 1995 due to monetary disputes and philosophical differences after recording one album under the group's guidance.
 Pursuing a solo career as Playa Fly, he released one independent album before signing a three-album contract with Super Sigg Records.
 During that period he had many underground hits, perhaps the most famous being "Nobody Needs Nobody".
 Fly's early hit immediately gained notoriety from the song "Triple Bitch Mafia", which lashed out against his former group.
Ricky T Dunigan (November 17, 1973 – December 20, 2013), better known by his stage name Lord Infamous, was an American rapper from Memphis, Tennessee.
 He was best known as co-founder of the Memphis rap group Three 6 Mafia.
 He was also the half-brother of Three 6 Mafia member DJ Paul.
 His lyrics touched on subjects such as horror, Luciferianism, mass murder, and torture; along with more common hip-hop themes such as crime and drugs.
Last 2 Walk is the ninth studio album by American hip hop group Three 6 Mafia.
 The album was released on June 24, 2008.
 The album was named "Last 2 Walk" because DJ Paul and Juicy J were the last two members remaining in Three 6 Mafia.
 Crunchy Black left the group in late 2006 because of money disputes.
 Three 6 Mafia originally started with six core members.
 Doe Boy Fresh featuring Chamillionaire was originally the first single, but was ultimately cut from the album.
 The song was released on January 2, 2007, as a digital download single on iTunes.
 The lead single from the album is "Lolli Lolli (Pop That Body)".
 The song features Project Pat, Young D & Superpower.
 The album features guest appearances from Akon, Good Charlotte, Lyfe Jennings and UGK, among others.
Purple drank is a slang term for a concoction which includes a prescription-strength cough syrup used in a manner inconsistent with its labeling, thus making it a recreational drug.
 The mixture became popular in the hip hop community in the southern United States in the 1990s, originating in Houston.
Chapter 2: World Domination is the third studio album by American hip hop group Three 6 Mafia.
 The album was released on November 4, 1997, by Relativity Records.
 This was their first widely distributed album and also Three 6 Mafia's first Gold-RIAA certified album, having sold over 800,000 copies in the US.
 This album is the last to feature a majority of darker beats, but also shows the group moving toward a more mainstream sound that would be heard on their 2000 album "".
 It incorporated reprises of four hits previously released on "Mystic Stylez" and "" — "Late Nite Tip", "N 2 Deep", "Body Parts", and "Tear Da Club Up".
Jordan Michael Houston (born April 5, 1975), known professionally as Juicy J, is an American rapper, songwriter and record producer from Memphis, Tennessee.
 He is a founding member of the Southern hip hop group Three 6 Mafia, established in 1991.
 In 2002, he released his solo debut album "Chronicles of the Juice Man", in between Three 6 Mafia projects.
 In 2011, Juicy J announced that he was a part-owner and A&R rep for Wiz Khalifa's Taylor Gang Records and the following year he signed a solo deal with Columbia Records and Dr. Luke's Kemosabe Records.
 Juicy J released "Stay Trippy," his third studio album under the aforementioned labels on August 27, 2013.
 He is the younger brother of frequent collaborator and fellow rapper Project Pat.
