The World Series of Poker (WSOP) is a series of poker tournaments held annually in Las Vegas and, since 2005, sponsored by Caesars Entertainment Corporation (known as Harrah's Entertainment until 2010).
 It dates its origins to 1970, when Benny Binion invited seven of the best-known poker players to the Horseshoe Casino for a single tournament, with a set start and stop time, and a winner determined by a secret ballot of the seven players.
The European Poker Tour (EPT) was a series of poker tournaments similar to those in the World Poker Tour (WPT), created by John Duthie, winner of the inaugural Poker Million tournament.
 It began in 2004 as part of the worldwide explosion in Texas Hold 'em popularity.
 Since 2011 the EPT has been sponsored and wholly owned and controlled by PokerStars the online casino and taped by Sunset + Vine for television broadcast across Europe.
The 2015 FIBA Americas Championship for Men was the FIBA Americas qualifying tournament for the 2016 Summer Olympics Basketball Tournament in Brazil.
 The tournament was held in Mexico City, Mexico.
 The tournament was won for the first time by the Venezuelan national basketball team.
 Venezuela and runner-up qualified directly for the 2016 Olympics.
 They will join FIBA Americas member , who qualified for the Olympics by virtue of winning the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup and elected not to participate in this tournament, and FIBA Americas member , who finished 9th in the tournament but qualified for the Olympics as host.
 , and , the next three highest-finishing teams, qualified for the 2016 FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament for Men, but none of them won their respective qualifying tournaments, therefore eliminating their 2016 Olympic hopes.
The Italian Poker Tour (IPT) is a series of poker tournaments sponsored by PokerStars.
 The tour was created in 2009 and has held tournaments in Italy, Malta, Slovenia and San Marino.
Heads up poker is a form of poker that is played between only two players.
 It might be played during a larger cash game session, where the game is breaking up and only two players remain on the table, or where two players are trying to start a game and playing heads-up while waiting for other opponents.
 It is also a necessary phase in most sit-and-go (SNG) poker tournaments; the single remaining tournament winner will at some point have to face only a single opponent.
 Alternatively, heads up poker may be played on purpose, either in a cash game format, or as a SNG, where two players play a winner-take-all tournament for a fixed, previously agreed upon amount of money.
 On larger online poker rooms and during certain tournament series, one may stumble upon larger heads up tournaments, usually in the shoot-out format.
 Usually, in order to ensure the fairness of the game, all players finishing at the same level of the tournament bracket will be paid out the same amount of money, no matter what their finishing place is.
The 2013 Sevens Grand Prix Series was the 12th year of the annual rugby Sevens Grand Prix Series (formerly known as the European Sevens Championship) for rugby sevens organised by the FIRA – Association of European Rugby.
 The 2013 Series consisted of two tournaments, held in Lyon, France and Bucharest, Romania.
 England won both legs, winning the overall 2013 Series.
The World Series of Poker Africa (WSOPA) is the second expansion effort of World Series of Poker-branded poker tournaments outside the United States.
 Since 1970, participants had to travel to Las Vegas if they wanted to compete in the World Series of Poker (WSOP).
 Although the WSOP started holding circuit events in 2005 in other states, the main tournaments, which awarded bracelets to the winners, were exclusively held in Las Vegas.
 In 2007, the inaugural World Series of Poker Europe marked the first time that a WSOP bracelet was awarded outside of Las Vegas.
 In 2010, the WSOP expanded overseas once again, only this time to Gauteng, South Africa.
 While the WSOPE awarded bracelets, the WSOPA was considered a circuit event with the winners receiving Championship Rings instead of bracelets.
 The WSOPA did not occur in 2011, but the series of tournaments resumed in 2012.
The Asia Pacific Poker Tour (APPT) is a major international series of poker tournaments established in 2007 and hosted in cities across the Asia Pacific.
 Along with other major tours such as the European Poker Tour and Latin American Poker Tour, the Asia Pacific Poker Tour is sponsored by PokerStars.
Mark Newhouse (born March 11, 1985) is an American professional poker player who made back-to-back final tables at the World Series of Poker Main Event in the 2013 and 2014 finishing 9th both times.
 He beat a field of 6,352 and 6,683 respectively, outlasting 13,017 people in the process and was the first player to make back-to-back final tables in the Main Event since Dan Harrington in 2003 and 2004.
 The probability of Newhouse achieving back-to-back final tables is 1 in 524,079 (assuming all players have an equal chance).
The 2007 season was Malmö FF's 96th in existence, their 72nd season in Allsvenskan and their 7th consecutive season in the league.
 They competed in Allsvenskan where they finished in 9th position and Svenska Cupen where they were knocked out in the third round.
 The result in Allsvenskan was the club's worst league performance since the 2001 season when they also finished 9th, as a result of this, manager Sören Åkebys contract was not renewed and Roland Nilsson was announced as the new Malmö FF manager in October 2007.
