Marine Air Control Squadron 2 (MACS-2) is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron.
 The squadron provides aerial surveillance and air traffic control for the II Marine Expeditionary Force.
 They are based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point and fall under Marine Air Control Group 28 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
The Direct Air Support Center (DASC) is the principal United States Marine Corps aviation command and control system and the air control agency responsible for the direction of air operations directly supporting ground forces.
 It functions in a decentralized mode of operation, but is directly supervised by the Marine Tactical Air Command Center (TACC) or the Navy Tactical Air Control Center (NTACC).
 During amphibious or expeditionary operations, the DASC is normally the first MACCS agency ashore and is usually categorized (i.e.,scheduled or on call wave) as the Ground Combat Element's (GCE's) senior Fire Support Coordination Center (FSCC).
 The DASC's parent unit is the Marine Air Support Squadron (MASS) of the Marine Air Control Group (MACG).
Marine Air Control Squadron 23 (MACS-23) is a former reserve United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron.
 The squadron provided aerial surveillance and air traffic control for the Marine Forces Reserve.
 They were based Buckley Air Force Base, Aurora, Colorado and fell under Marine Air Control Group 48 and the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Air Control Group 18 (MACG-18) is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control unit based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma that is currently composed of 4 squadrons, 1 Low Altitude Air Defense Detachment and 1 HQ support detachment.
 The Marine Air Control Group as a whole provide the 1st Marine Aircraft Wings tactical headquarters, positive and procedural control, air traffic control, short range air defense and air defense control to aircraft for the III Marine Expeditionary Force.
Marine Air Control Squadron 4 (MACS-4) is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron.
 The squadron provides aerial surveillance and air traffic control for the III Marine Expeditionary Force.
 They are based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma and fall under the command of Marine Air Control Group 18 and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Light Helicopter Squadron 776 (HMM-776) was a reserve helicopter squadron of the United States Marine Corps.
 The squadron was based at Naval Air Station Glenview, Illinois and fell under Marine Air Control Group 48 and the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing.
 HML-776 was deactivated on July 1, 1994.
Marine Air Control Group 48 (MACG-48) is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control unit based at Naval Station Great Lakes that is currently composed of 4 squadrons that provide the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing and Marine Forces Reserve with a tactical headquarters, positive and procedural control of aircraft, air defense and aviation command and control.
Marine Tactical Air Command Squadron 48 (MTACS-48) is a reserve aviation command and control unit of the United States Marine Corps based at Naval Station Great Lakes, Illinois.
 They provide the 4th Marine Aircraft Wings tactical headquarters and command other units within Marine Air Control Group 48 when deployed.
Marine Air Control Squadron 24 (MACS-24) is a reserve United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron.
 The squadron provides aerial surveillance and air traffic control for the Marine Forces Reserve.
 They are headquartered in Virginia Beach, Virginia with an outlying detachment at Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth, Texas.
 They fall under the command of Marine Air Control Group 48 and the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Air Support Squadron 4 (MASS-4) was a reserve United States Marine Corps aviation command and control unit that provided the Direct Air Support Center (DASC) capability from 1962 through the early 1990s.
 MASS-4 was headquartered at Naval Air Station Los Alamitos, California, and was part of Marine Air Control Group 48 (MACG-48) and the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing (4th MAW).
