Spencer Ludwig is a trumpeter, singer, and songwriter from Los Angeles, California.
 He is a solo artist signed with Warner Bros.
 Records and has also performed with Foster the People, Portugal.
 The Man, Fitz and the Tantrums, RAC, St. Lucia, Cherub, HOLYCHILD and The Wailers.
 Ludwig is also a former member of the band Capital Cities.
 He recorded on their platinum debut album "In a Tidal Wave of Mystery" and toured with them from 2012 to 2015.
Songs for a Break Up: Vol.
 1 is the debut studio EP by the American indie rock band Fitz and The Tantrums, released on August 11, 2009 through Canyon Productions.
 It was re-released in 2010 when the band signed to Dangerbird Records.
Michael Sean "Fitz" Fitzpatrick (born July 21, 1970) is a French-American musician and singer-songwriter who is the lead vocalist of the indie pop and neo-soul band Fitz and The Tantrums.
"Out of My League" is a song recorded by American band Fitz and The Tantrums and produced by Tony Hoffer.
 The song is the lead single from the band's second studio album, "More Than Just a Dream".
 "Out of My League" was released as a single on February 7, 2013.
 The song became the group's first number one hit on the Alternative Songs chart, as well as making history for completing the slowest climb to the summit of the chart, at 33 weeks.
Fitz and The Tantrums (FATT) is an American indie pop and neo soul band from Los Angeles that formed in 2008.
 The band consists of Michael Fitzpatrick (lead vocals), Noelle Scaggs (co-lead vocals and percussion), James King (saxophone, flute, keyboard, percussion and guitar), Joseph Karnes (bass guitar), Jeremy Ruzumna (keyboards) and John Wicks (drums and percussion).
 Their debut studio album, "Pickin' Up the Pieces", was released in August 2010 on indie label Dangerbird Records and received critical acclaim.
 It reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart.
 The band signed to their current label Elektra Records in early 2013 and went on to release their sophomore LP, "More Than Just a Dream," on May 7, 2013.
 Their self-titled third album was released on June 10, 2016.
"HandClap" is a song recorded by American indie pop band Fitz and The Tantrums.
 The song was released as the lead single from their self-titled album "Fitz and the Tantrums" on March 25, 2016 through Elektra Records.
 It is their highest-charting song on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at number 53.
Blood, Sweat & 3 Years is the fourth studio album by American electronic music group Cash Cash, released on June 24, 2016 by Big Beat Records and Atlantic Records.
 It is their first full-length album since signing to Big Beat, following the release of the "Overtime" and "Lightning" EPs.
 "Blood, Sweat & 3 Years" includes collaborations with singers Anjulie, Bebe Rexha, Chrish, Christina Perri, Dev, Jacquie Lee, Jenna Andrews, John Rzeznik from the Goo Goo Dolls, Julia Michaels, Michael Fitzpatrick of Fitz and The Tantrums, Neon Hitch, and Sofia Reyes; rappers B.o.B, Busta Rhymes, Nelly, and Trinidad James; DJ Digital Farm Animals; and groups Little Daylight and Night Terrors of 1927.
James King is an American multi-instrumentalist who is a cofounder for soul band Fitz and The Tantrums.
 In 2008, he was approached by college friend Michael Fitzpatrick to play saxophone on a few songs that he had written which turned out to be the beginnings of Fitz and The Tantrums.
 King recommended Noelle Scaggs and other musicians.
 They performed for the first time a week later at Hollywood's Hotel Café, They released their debut EP "Songs for a Breakup, Vol.
 1" in August 2009, and the tracks soon received airplay on public radio station KCRW in Los Angeles.
"The Walker" is a song by the American neo soul band Fitz and The Tantrums.
 It is the second single from the band's second album "More Than Just a Dream".
 The song was used in the trailers for the movies "The Boxtrolls" and "Storks", in the trailer for video game "The Sims 4", in television commercials for the 86th Academy Awards that were hosted by Ellen DeGeneres, in the 2014 Major League Baseball postseason and in commercials for Sprite, Supercuts, Reebok ZQuick and Walmart.
 In 2014, the song started being used as the opening theme to the MLB Network show "High Heat", hosted by Christopher "Mad Dog" Russo.
 The song is also featured in the pilot episode of the FOX television sitcom "Grandfathered".
 It has also been used in the soundtrack of the video game "NBA 2K18".
Elina Siirala is a Finnish soprano and vocal coach.
 She is known as the founder and front woman for the English melodic metal band Angel Nation (former EnkElination) and the second female vocalist for the German symphonic metal/viking metal band Leaves' Eyes.
