The Journal of Academic Librarianship is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers all topics dealing with academic libraries.
 The journal publishes book reviews, analytical articles, and bibliographic essays.
 It was established in 1975 and is published by Elsevier.
 The title is included in "Magazines for Libraries".
Gender, Work & Organization is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal.
 The journal was established in 1994 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
 It covers research on the role of gender on the workfloor.
 The editors-in-chief are David Knights (University of Keele), Deborah Kerfoot (University of Keele), and Ida Sabelis (Vrije Universiteit).
 In addition to the regular issues, the journal publishes several special issues per year.
International Migration is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Organization for Migration (IOM).
 The journal was established in 1961 under the name "Migration"; the name was changed in 1963 to "International Migration".
 The journal publishes articles written by demographers, economists, political scientists, sociologists and other social scientists.
 "International Migration" publishes on topics relating to migration such as asylum, development, emigration, human rights, labor, remittance and refugees.
Molecular Biology (ISSN 0026-8933  ) is a scientific journal which covers a wide scope of problems related to molecular, cell, and computational biology including genomics, proteomics, bioinformatics, molecular virology and immunology, molecular development biology, and molecular evolution.
 "Molecular Biology" publishes reviews, mini-reviews, experimental, and theoretical works, short communications and hypotheses.
 In addition, the journal publishes book reviews and meeting reports.
 The journal also publishes special issues devoted to most rapidly developing branches of physical-chemical biology and to the most outstanding scientists on the occasion of their anniversary birthdays.
 The journal is published in English and Russian versions by Nauka.
The Journal of Computational Finance is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering advances in numerical and computational techniques in pricing, hedging, and risk management of financial instruments.
 It was established in 1997 and is published by Incisive Risk Information.
 The editor-in-chief is Cornelis Oosterlee (National Research Center for Mathematics and Computer Science and Delft University of Technology).
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 0.500.
Technology and Culture is a quarterly academic journal founded in 1959.
 It is an official publication of the Society for the History of Technology (SHOT), whose members routinely refer to it as "T&C."
 Besides scholarly articles and critical essays, the journal publishes reviews of books and museum exhibitions.
 Occasionally, the journal publishes thematic issues; topics have included patents, gender and technology, and ecology.
 "Technology and Culture" has had three past editors-in-chief: Melvin Kranzberg (1959–1981), Robert C. Post (1982–1995), and John M. Staudenmaier (1996–2010).
 Since 2011 the journal has been edited at the University of Oklahoma by Prof. Suzanne Moon.
 Managing editors have included Joan Mentzer, Joseph M. Schultz, David M. Lucsko, and Peter Soppelsa.
Gentse Bijdragen tot de Interieurgeschiedenis (Dutch for "Ghent Contributions to the History of Interiors") is a Belgian academic journal, the successor of "Gentse Bijdragen tot de Kunstgeschiedenis en Oudheidkunde".
 The journal publishes on the historical interior in all its aspects, religious and profane.
 The journal publishes the lectures held on the Yearly Conference Historical Interior of the Ghent University.
Science Fiction Studies (SFS) is an academic journal founded in 1973 by R.D. Mullen.
 The journal is published three times per year at DePauw University.
 As the name implies, the journal publishes articles and book reviews on science fiction, but also occasionally on fantasy and horror when the topic also covers some aspect of science fiction as well.
 Known as one of the major academic publications of its type, "Science Fiction Studies" is considered the most "theoretical" of the academic journals that publish on science fiction.
A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be incurred by a companion investment.
 In simple language, a hedge is used to reduce any substantial losses or gains suffered by an individual or an organization.
The Journal of African American History, formerly The Journal of Negro History (1916–2001), is a quarterly academic journal covering African American life and history.
 It was founded in 1916 by Carter G. Woodson.
 The journal is published by the Association for the Study of African American Life and History and was established in 1915 by Woodson and Jesse E. Moorland.
 The journal publishes original scholarly articles on all aspects of the African American experience.
 The journal annually publishes over sixty (60) reviews of recently published books in the fields of African and African American life and history.
