Brian Manion Dennehy (born July 9, 1938) is an American actor of film, stage, and television.
 A winner of one Golden Globe, two Tony Awards and a recipient of six Primetime Emmy Award nominations, he gained initial recognition for his role as the antagonistic Sheriff Will Teasle in "First Blood" (1982).
 He has had numerous roles in films such as "Gorky Park, Silverado, Cocoon, F/X, Romeo + Juliet", and "Knight of Cups".
Blythe Katherine Danner (born February 3, 1943) is an American actress.
 She won two Primetime Emmy Awards for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her role as Izzy Huffstodt on "Huff" (2004–2006), and a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her performance in "Butterflies Are Free" (1969–1972).
 Danner was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for portraying Marilyn Truman on "Will & Grace" (2001–2006), and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie for her roles in "We Were the Mulvaneys" (2002) and "Back When We Were Grownups" (2004).
 For the latter, she was also nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film.
John Arthur Lithgow ( ; born October 19 , 1945) is an American actor, musician, singer, comedian, voice actor, and author.
 He has received two Tony Awards, six Emmy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, an American Comedy Award, four Drama Desk Awards and has also been nominated for two Academy Awards and four Grammy Awards.
 Lithgow has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and has been inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame.
Al Pacino is an American film and stage actor and director.
 He is the receipient of one Academy Award, one BAFTA Award, two Primetime Emmy Awards, two Tony Awards, and four Golden Globe Awards.
Lost is an American drama series that aired on ABC from September 22, 2004 until May 23, 2010.
 It has been nominated for a variety of different awards, including 54 Primetime Emmy Awards (eleven wins), 48 Saturn Awards (thirteen wins), 33 Teen Choice Awards, 17 Television Critics Association Awards (four wins), 12 Golden Reel Awards (five wins), eight Satellite Awards (one win), seven Golden Globe Awards (one win), six Producers Guild of America Awards (one win), six Writers Guild of America Awards (one win), five Directors Guild of America Awards, two NAACP Image Awards (one win), two Screen Actors Guild Awards (one win), and one BAFTA Award.
 Amongst the wins for the series are a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, a Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama, a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series, and a Peabody Award.
Alfredo James Pacino ( ; born April 25, 1940) is an American actor of stage and screen, filmmaker, and screenwriter.
 Pacino has had a career spanning over five decades, during which time he has received numerous accolades and honors both competitive and honorary, among them an Academy Award, two Tony Awards, two Primetime Emmy Awards, a British Academy Film Award, four Golden Globe Awards, the Lifetime Achievement Award from the American Film Institute, the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award, and the National Medal of Arts.
 He is also one of few performers to have won a competitive Oscar, an Emmy and a Tony Award for acting, dubbed the "Triple Crown of Acting".
Beatriz U. "Betty" Suarez is the protagonist of the American comedy-drama series "Ugly Betty".
 She is portrayed by America Ferrera, who won a 2007 Golden Globe and 2007 SAG award for her portrayal of the character, as well as the Outstanding Actress in a Comedy award for the role at the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards and was nominated again in the same category at the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards.
 AOL named her one of the 100 Most Memorable Female TV Characters.
Laura Leggett Linney (born February 5, 1964) is an American actress and singer.
 She is the recipient of several awards, including two Golden Globe Awards and four Primetime Emmy Awards.
 She has also been nominated for three Academy Awards and four Tony Awards.
The 65th Annual Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony was held on September 15, 2013, at the Nokia Theatre in Downtown Los Angeles.
 The ceremony was held in conjunction with the annual Primetime Emmy Awards and is presented in recognition of technical and other similar achievements in American television programming, including guest acting roles.
 The ceremony was highlighted by 8 Emmy wins for the HBO film "Behind the Candelabra", as well as Bob Newhart's win for a guest appearance on "The Big Bang Theory", his first Emmy win in a TV career spanning over 5 decades.
 The ceremony was taped to air on Saturday, September 21, 2013, on FXX, one night before the live 65th Primetime Emmy Awards telecast on CBS.
Elisabeth Singleton Moss (born July 24, 1982) is an American film, stage, and television actor.
 She is known for her roles as Zoey Bartlet, the youngest daughter of President Josiah Bartlet, on the NBC television series "The West Wing" (1999–2006); Peggy Olson, secretary-turned-copywriter, on the AMC series "Mad Men" (2007–2015), which earned her six Emmy Awards nominations and a Golden Globe nomination; Det. Robin Griffin in the BBC miniseries "Top of the Lake" (2013, 2017), which won her a Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Miniseries or TV Film; and Offred on the Hulu series "The Handmaid's Tale", for which she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, as producer.
