al-Jawāb al-Ṣaḥīḥ li-man baddala dīn al-Masīh (The correct reply to those who altered Christ's religion) is a book written between 1293 and 1321, by Ibn Taymiyyah.
 The work is a detailed refutation of Christian doctrine.
Le Statut des Moines is a short French translation of Muslim jurist Ibn Taymiyyah's Mardin fatwa by Yahyah Michot, published in 1997, under the pseudonym of Nasreddin Lebatelier.
 The translation is considered a misprint and a gross misinterpretation of the original.
Al-Aqidah Al-Waasitiyyah (Arabic: العقيدة الواسطية‎ ‎ ) is a book of Islamic creed written by Ibn Taymiyyah.
 It is considered relatively easy to understand compared to Ibn Taymiyyah's other works on creed.
 The work was of special interest to the Wahhabi movement.
 After writing this book, Ibn Taymiyyah was charged by his opponents with anthropomorphism.
Ibn Mufliḥ al-Maqdisī, in full "Shams al-Din Abu Abd Allah Muhammad ibn Muflih ibn Muhammad ibn Mufarraj al-Ramini al-Maqdisi" (710-763 AH/1310-1362 CE), was one of the leading authorities in Hanbali Law and one of the most prolific writers of the Ḥanbalī school of his period.
 He is a jurisconsult who stands at the head of a large family of jurisconsults, who surivived until the seventeenth century.
 He received his tutelage amongst several prominent Hanbali figures, including Ibn Taymiyyah.
Shams al-Dīn Abū ʿAbd Allāh Muḥammad ibn Abī Bakr ibn Ayyūb al-Zurʿī l-Dimashqī l-Ḥanbalī (1292–1350 CE / 691 AH–751 AH), commonly known as Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyya ("The son of the principal of [the school of] Jawziyyah") or Ibn al-Qayyim ("Son of the principal"; ابن قيم الجوزية) for short, or reverentially as Imam Ibn al-Qayyim in Sunni tradition, was an important medieval Islamic jurisconsult, theologian, and spiritual writer.
 Belonging to the Hanbali school of orthodox Sunni jurisprudence, of which he is regarded as "one of the most important thinkers," Ibn al-Qayyim is today best remembered as the foremost disciple and student of the controversial and influential fourteenth-century Sunni reformer Ibn Taymiyyah, with whom he was imprisoned in 1326 for dissenting against established tradition during Ibn Taymiyyah's famous incarceration in the Citadel of Damascus.
The Great Compilation of Fatwa (Arabic: "Majmu al-Fatwa al-Kubra") is a collection of religious tracts written by the 13th century Islamic scholar Ibn Taymiyyah.
Minhaj as-Sunnah an-Nabawiyyah (Arabic:منهاج السنة النبوية) is a work by Ibn Taymiyyah.
 It was written as a refutation of a book by the Shi'a-Ithna'ashari theologian Al-Hilli called Minhaj al-karamah.
The Book of Faith (Arabic: "Kitab al Iman", كتاب الإيمان) is a book on the Islamic articles of faith written by the 13th century Sunni Islamic scholar Ibn Taymiyyah.
Shams ad-Din Abi Abdillah Muhammad bin Ahmad bin Abd al-Hadi al-Maqdisi al-Hanbali (Arabic: محمد بن عبد الهادي المقدسي‎ ‎ ) better known as Ibn Abd al-Hadi (Damascus, 1305 (AH 705) - 1343 (AH 744)) was a Hanbali Islamic Muhaddith scholar from the Levant.
 He was a student of Ibn Taymiyyah.
 He is not to be confused with another Ibn ʿAbd al-Hādī from the same family, Yusuf bin Abdul Hadi (d. AH 909 (1+((909-1)*354.367+227015)/365.25-0.505 round0/2+((909-1)*354.367+227015)/365.25-0.5 round0) ).
Taqī ad-Dīn Ahmad ibn Taymiyyah (Arabic: تقي الدين أحمد ابن تيمية, died 26 September 1328), known as Ibn Taymiyyah for short, was a controversial medieval Sunni Muslim theologian, jurisconsult, logician, and reformer.
 A member of the Hanbali school of jurisprudence founded by Ahmad ibn Hanbal, Ibn Taymiyyah was also a member of the Qadiriyya Sufi order founded by the twelfth-century mystic and saint Abdul-Qadir Gilani.
 A polarizing figure in his own lifetime, Ibn Taymiyyah's contentious and iconoclastic views on such widely accepted Sunni doctrines of the medieval period such as the veneration of saints and the visitation to their tomb-shrines made him very unpopular with the vast majority of the orthodox religious scholars of the time, under whose orders he was imprisoned several times during his life.
