The Michigan gubernatorial election of 2010 was held on November 2, 2010.
 Incumbent Democratic Governor Jennifer Granholm was prohibited by the state's Constitution from seeking a third term.
 This resulted in a large pool of candidates which was whittled down, when the May 11 filing deadline passed, to two Democrats and five Republicans.
 Both the "Cook Political Report" and the non-partisan "Rothenberg Political Report" rated the election as leaning Republican.
The 1998 Michigan gubernatorial election was held on November 3, 1998, to elect the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of the state of Michigan.
 Incumbent Governor John Engler, a member of the Republican Party, was re-elected over Democratic Party nominee Geoffrey Fieger, a lawyer who had represented the assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian.
The 2015 Kogi Gubernatorial election was held on 21 November 2015 to determine the Governor for KOgi State.
The gubernatorial election is to elect the governor of Kogi state; the official at the head of theexecutive branch of a state.
 The last Kogi state gubernatorial election was held in 2011.
 The incumbent Governor, Captain Idris Wada, ran for re-election against the former Governor, Prince Audu, the candidate of the All Progressives Congress.
Pure Michigan began as an advertising campaign launched in 2008 by the state of Michigan, featuring the voice of actor and comedian Tim Allen.
 The Pure Michigan campaign, which aims to market the state of Michigan as a travel and tourism destination, received state and international attention beginning in 2008 when Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm approved $45 million in additional funding for the Pure Michigan campaign from the 21st Century Jobs Trust Fund.
 The unprecedented tourism fund amount for the state allowed the Pure Michigan campaign to be broadcast on a national level beginning in March 2009.
 Annual funding for fiscal 2014 was $29 million.
The Michigan gubernatorial election of 2002 was one of the 36 United States gubernatorial elections held on November 5, 2002.
 Incumbent Republican John Engler, after serving three terms, had stepped down and was not running; his lieutenant governor Dick Posthumus, also a Republican, ran in his place.
 Jennifer Granholm, then Attorney General of Michigan, ran on the Democratic Party ticket.
 Douglas Campbell ran on the Green Party ticket, and Joseph M. Pilchak ran on the Constitution Party ticket.
Richard Marvin "Dick" DeVos Jr. (born October 21, 1955) is an American entrepreneur-businessman and author from Michigan.
 The son of Amway co-founder Richard DeVos, he served as CEO of the consumer goods distribution company from 1993 to 2002.
 In 2006, DeVos ran for Governor of Michigan, but lost to the then Democratic incumbent Jennifer Granholm.
 In 2012, "Forbes" magazine listed his father as the 67th richest person in the United States, with a net worth of approximately $5.1 billion.
The 1994 Michigan gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1994, to elect the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of the state of Michigan.
 Incumbent Governor John Engler, a member of the Republican Party, was re-elected over Democratic Party nominee and Congressman Howard Wolpe.
 The voter turnout was 45.5%.
The Equal Opportunity to Govern Amendment, also known as the Hatch Amendment, is a United States constitutional amendment proposed in July 2003 by Senator Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) to repeal the natural born citizen clause prohibiting citizens who were naturalized from holding the office of President or Vice President of the United States.
 Hatch's amendment would allow anyone who has been a US citizen for twenty years to seek these offices.
 In the wake of the California recall election, 2003, this proposal was widely seen as an attempt to make California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger (born in Austria and naturalized in 1983) eligible for the presidency and is sometimes nicknamed "Arnold bill" or "Amend for Arnold".
 However, there are other politicians who were not born as American citizens and therefore would benefit from such an amendment.
 Notables include Michigan governor Jennifer Granholm (born in Canada, naturalized in 1980), former Florida Senator Mel Martinez (born in Cuba), former United States Secretary of State Madeleine Albright (born in Czechoslovakia), former Vermont governor Madeleine Kunin (born in Switzerland), and current Secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao (born in Taiwan).
 The text of the amendment reads as follows:
David Hollister (born April 3, 1942) served as the mayor of Lansing, Michigan from 1993 to 2003, until he resigned to be the director of the Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth under Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm's administration.
 During his tenure as mayor, he was instrumental in convincing General Motors Corporation to build the Grand River Assembly Plant downtown, and to build a new plant in the region to replace the Lansing Car Assembly Plant which dated back to 1903.
 Also under his tenure came the completion of Cooley Law School Stadium, the stadium for the Lansing Lugnuts, a Class A minor league baseball team.
 Mayor Hollister made central city (including downtown and Old Town) revitalization a top priority of his administration.
 Hollister was born In Kalamazoo and raised in Battle Creek, Michigan, where he graduated from Battle Creek Central High School.
 He earned bachelor's and master's degrees from Michigan State University.
 From 1967 to 1970 he was a social studies teacher at Lansing Eastern High School.
 Prior to becoming mayor, he served in the Michigan House of Representatives from 1973-1993 representing the City of Lansing.
 In 2005 he was recruited to run Prima Civitas, an economic development organization funded by Michigan State University and the city governments of Lansing and East Lansing, Michigan.
The Michigan gubernatorial election of 2006 was one of the 36 U.S. gubernatorial elections held November 7, 2006.
 Incumbent Democratic Governor Jennifer Granholm was re-elected over Republican businessman Dick DeVos and three minor party candidates.
 Granholm was re-elected with 56% of the vote.
