"Downfall" is a single taken from the second studio album "Hatebreeder", by the Finnish metal band Children of Bodom.
 The song, originally called "Forevermore", was written by the lead vocalist Alexi Laiho.
 The video of "Downfall" was directed by Mika Lindberg.
 Side-b contains the cover track "No Commands" by fellow Finnish band Stone.
Children of Bodom is a Finnish extreme metal band from Espoo.
 Formed in 1993, the group consists of Alexi Laiho (vocals, lead guitar), Janne Wirman (keyboards), Henkka Seppälä (bass), Jaska Raatikainen (drums) and Daniel Freyberg (rhythm guitar).
 They have released nine studio albums, two live albums, two EPs, two compilation albums and one DVD.
Motherwar is a 2000 album by Dispatched.
 The band's cover of "The Final Countdown" is often mistaken as Children of Bodom's.
 However frontman Alexi Laiho has stated that they have never covered the song.
Kylähullut is a Finnish hardcore punk band consisting of Alexi Laiho (Children of Bodom), Tonmi Lillman (ex-To/Die/For), and Vesku Jokinen (Klamydia).
 The band name means "Village Idiots" in Finnish.
"Blooddrunk" is a 2008 single by Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom, taken from their 2008 album "Blooddrunk".
 The lyrics focus upon "self-destructive behaviour", and being addicted to hurting yourself.
 Written solely by Children of Bodom frontman Alexi Laiho, the song was generally well received by critics.
ESP Alexi Laiho Signature Model is a guitar model distributed by ESP.
Nihil is the sixth full-length release by Impaled Nazarene.
 It was released June 16, 2000 through Osmose Productions.
 Alexi Laiho of Children of Bodom plays guitar on the album.
 Laiho has also composed songs "Cogito Ergo Sum" and "Zero Tolerance".
 The album recently entered Germany's Index List which means the album may not be advertised in public or sold to minors.
 The song "Zero Tolerance" is infamous due to its homophobic lyrics (it's not included in the booklet in some editions).
Suicide By My Side is the third and final album by the power metal band Sinergy, released in 2002.
 It shows a substantial progress in their musical style; singer Kimberly Goss performs in a sharper, more aggressive vocal style, and guitarists Alexi Laiho and Roope Latvala perform more technical solos.
 Goss has noted that while the title (and the title track lyrics) are to an extent autobiographical, unlike she states in the music video, she has never attempted suicide.
Beware the Heavens is the first album by the power metal band Sinergy, released in 1999.
 The album features two instrumental tracks "Born Unto Fire and Passion" and "Pulsation", and a track inspired by the series , entitled "The Warrior Princess".
 Some melodies that can be heard in the song "Beware the Heavens" were sampled from a song called "Translucent image" by IneartheD (now known as Children of Bodom); the song is featured on IneartheD's 1995 demo "Ubiquitous Absence Of Remission".
 This is the only album where Jesper Strömblad (In Flames guitarist) plays guitar alongside Alexi Laiho; his position was filled in by Roope Latvala on all subsequent albums.
I Worship Chaos is the ninth studio album by Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom.
 It was released on October 2, 2015.
 It is the first album since 2003's "Hate Crew Deathroll" not to feature guitarist Roope Latvala due to his departure from the band in May 2015, making this the band's first album as a four-piece group with Alexi Laiho handling all guitar duties.
