Donald Trump in music refers to songs, albums and bands that refer to Donald Trump and his various brands, including Trump Tower, his TV show, his hotel chain, and his casinos.
 Though recent songs refer to Trump's campaign and subsequent election as president of the United States, more than 200 songs refer to Trump prior to his successful presidential campaign between 1989 and 2013.
 With his victory in the 2016 presidential election, Trump's prominence in hip-hop music has been liked to that of Ronald Reagan's in hardcore punk during the 1980s.
Protests against Donald Trump, or anti-Trump protests, have occurred both in the United States and elsewhere since Donald Trump's entry into the 2016 presidential campaign.
 Protests have expressed opposition to Trump's campaign rhetoric, his electoral win, his inauguration and various presidential actions.
 Some protests have taken the form of walk-outs, business closures, petitions and, especially since Trump's inauguration, rallies, demonstrations or marches.
 While most protests have been peaceful, some protesters have destroyed property, and attacked Trump supporters.
Anthony Fabrizio (born 1960) is an American Republican pollster and strategist.
 He is the principal in Fabrizio, Lee & Associates, and was the pollster for Donald Trump's fall 2016 Presidential campaign, former Senator Bob Dole's 1996 Presidential campaign, U.S. Senator Rand Paul's U.S. Senate and 2016 Presidential campaign, and former Governor Rick Perry's 2012 Presidential campaign, among others.
 He also served as a pollster for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in the 2014 midterm elections.
David Urban (born c. 1964) is an American lobbyist, political operative, and political commentator who worked on the 2016 Donald Trump presidential campaign, helping to orchestrate the 2016 Republican National Convention and serving as a senior advisor in the successful effort to win Pennsylvania.
 In November 2016, it was reported that Urban was being considered as the next chair of the Republican National Committee, as well as the White House Deputy Chief of Staff, and in May 2017, it was reported that Trump was considering Urban to replace Reince Priebus as White House Chief of Staff.
Paul John Manafort Jr. (born April 1, 1949) is an American lawyer, lobbyist and political consultant.
 He joined Donald Trump's presidential campaign team in March 2016 and served as campaign manager from June to August 2016.
 He was previously an adviser to the U.S. presidential campaigns of Republicans Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and Bob Dole.
 In 1980 Manafort co-founded the Washington, D.C.-based lobbying firm Black, Manafort & Stone, along with principals Charles R. Black Jr., and Roger J. Stone.
 In 1984 it was renamed Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly (BMSK) & associates, after Peter G. Kelly was recruited.
Illegal immigration was a signature issue of U.S. President Donald Trump's presidential campaign, and his proposed reforms and remarks about this issue generated much publicity.
 A hallmark promise of his campaign was to build a substantial wall on the United States-Mexico border.
 Trump has also expressed support for a variety of "limits on legal immigration and guest-worker visas", including a "pause" on granting green cards, which Trump says will "allow record immigration levels to subside to more moderate historical averages".
 Trump's proposals regarding H-1B visas frequently changed throughout his presidential campaign, but as of late July 2016, he appeared to oppose the H-1B visa program.
 Trump has questioned official estimates of the number of illegal immigrants in the United States (between 11 and 12 million), insisting the number is much higher (between 30 and 34 million).
Hope Charlotte Hicks (born October 21, 1988) is an American communications and public relations consultant who is the current White House Communications Director for President Donald Trump.
 From January to September 2017, she served as White House Director of Strategic Communications, a role created for her.
 She previously served as the press secretary and early communications director for Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, as well as the national press secretary for his presidential transition team, and before that was an employee of The Trump Organization.
 She is Trump's longest-serving political aide.
Brad Parscale (born January 3, 1976) is an American digital media and political strategist.
 He served as the digital media director for Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.
 Parscale began working for the Trump Organization in 2011, developing and designing websites, and creating and managing digital media strategies.
 In early 2015, Trump hired Parscale and his firm, Giles-Parscale, to create a website for his exploratory campaign.
 When Trump declared himself a Republican candidate in 2015, one of the first people he called was Parscale, asking him to update his exploratory campaign site into a "full-fledged presidential campaign website."
 Throughout the Republican primary, Parscale was responsible for the Donald J. Trump for President website, as well as for digital media strategy and online fundraising campaigns.
 In June 2016, Parscale was officially named digital media director for the Donald J. Trump for President campaign, overseeing all aspects of digital media and online fundraising, as well as traditional media strategy, like radio and television placements.
 In January 2017, Parscale, along with another senior Trump aide, Nick Ayers, formally launched America First Policies, a non-profit organization that promotes President Trump's agenda and White House initiatives.
Donald Trump's presidential campaign of 2000 for the nomination of the Reform Party began when real estate magnate Donald Trump of New York announced the creation of a presidential exploratory committee on the October 7, 1999 edition of "Larry King Live".
 Though Trump had never held elected office, he was well known for his frequent comments on public affairs and business exploits as head of The Trump Organization.
 He had previously considered a presidential run in 1988 as a Republican, but chose not to run.
 For 2000, Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura persuaded Trump to seek the presidential nomination of the Reform Party, which was fracturing despite achieving ballot access and qualifying for matching funds as a result of the 1996 presidential campaign of businessman Ross Perot.
 Trump's entrance into the Reform Party race coincided with that of paleoconservative commentator Pat Buchanan, whom Trump attacked throughout the campaign as a "Hitler-lover."
"Donald Trump" is a segment of the HBO news satire television series "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver" devoted to Donald Trump, who later became the President of the United States.
 It first aired on February 28, 2016, as part of the third episode of "Last Week Tonight"'s third season, when Trump was the frontrunner for the Republican Party nomination for the presidency.
 During the 22-minute segment, comedian John Oliver discusses Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and his career in business, outlining his campaign rhetoric, varying political positions and failed business ventures.
 He also says the Trump family name was changed at one point from the ancestral name "Drumpf".
