Frederick "Doc" Doherty (June 15, 1887 – February 12, 1961) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player.
 Doherty played hockey for several professional ice hockey teams from 1908 until 1916, including a stint with the Toronto Ontarios in the National Hockey Association (NHA).
 He also played in the Maritime Professional Hockey League and the Ontario Professional Hockey League.
 After returning from World War I duty, he played one game in the National Hockey League with the Montreal Canadiens to end his career.
 He played on several league champions, leading to play in several Stanley Cup championships, but was not a member of a Stanley Cup-winning team.
Travis John Richards (born March 22, 1970) is a former professional ice hockey defenseman.
 Richards graduated from Robbinsdale Armstrong High School in Plymouth, Minnesota in 1988.
 Richards was a member of the University of Minnesota Gophers hockey program before making his professional debut during the 1993-94 season.
 A child psychology major, Richards would spend four years at the University of Minnesota where his brother Todd was a Gopher from 1985 to 1989.
 Earning WCHA Second Team All-Star honors on defense in 1992 and in 1993, Richards would join the US National Team at the 1993 World Championships at the end of his senior year.
 Drafted by the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League in the ninth round (169th overall) of the 1988 NHL Entry Draft, Richards played only three games in the NHL for the Dallas Stars .
 On July 26, 1996, Richards became the second player ever to sign with the Grand Rapids Griffins, then of the International Hockey League, now of the American Hockey League.
 Richards played in each of the team's first ten seasons and became team captain in 2001.
 He holds the record for most career games as a Griffin with 655.
 Richards's number 24 was retired by the Griffins upon his retirement, becoming the first number retired by the club .
 For a time he was the hockey director at The Edge Ice Arena in Holland, Michigan.
 He resides in Grand Rapids, MI and has 2 daughters and one son, Ellie, Melissa and Riley.
The 20th National Hockey League National Hockey League All-Star Game was played in Montreal Forum on January 18, 1967, where the host Montreal Canadiens defeated a team of all-stars from the remaining NHL teams 3–0.
 It was the first, and to date, only time a shutout occurred in an All-Star Game.
 It was the first All-Star Game held in mid-season.
 The previous Game was held in October 1965.
The National Hockey League All-Star Game (French: "Match des Étoiles de la Ligue Nationale de Hockey" ) is an exhibition ice hockey game that is traditionally held during the regular season of the National Hockey League (NHL), with many of the League's star players playing against each other.
 The Game's proceeds benefit the pension fund of the players.
The 57th National Hockey League All-Star Game was held at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec, home of the Montreal Canadiens, in conjunction with the Montreal Canadiens centennial celebrations on Sunday evening, January 25, 2009.
 The game was held between two teams, each representing a conference (Eastern and Western) of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 The Eastern Conference team won the game 12–11, decided by shootout.
 The next NHL All-Star Game, the 58th, was held in 2011 in Raleigh, North Carolina, instead of 2010, due to the 2010 Winter Olympics, which were held in Vancouver, an NHL city.
The 60th National Hockey League All-Star Game was an exhibition ice hockey game played on January 25, 2015.
 The game was held in Columbus, Ohio, for the first time, at Nationwide Arena, home of the Columbus Blue Jackets.
 The team captains were chosen by NHL Hockey Operations: Nick Foligno of the All-Star Game-hosting Blue Jackets served as captain for the home team, and Jonathan Toews of the Chicago Blackhawks served for the away team.
 Team Toews won the game 17–12, as the teams and players broke a variety of All-Star Game scoring records.
The NHL All-Star Game SuperSkills Competition, originally known as the National Hockey League All-Star Skills Competition, is an event on the night preceding the All-Star Game.
 Started at the 41st National Hockey League All-Star Game in Pittsburgh in 1990, the NHL uses the event to showcase the talents of its all-star participants.
 Events include accuracy shooting, fastest skater, Skills Challenge Relay, hardest shot, Breakaway Challenge, and an Elimination Shootout.
 The All-Star teams select representatives for each event, with points awarded to the winning team.
The Stanley Cup is a trophy awarded annually to the playoff champion club of the National Hockey League (NHL) ice hockey league.
 It was donated by the Governor General of Canada Lord Stanley of Preston in 1892, and is the oldest professional sports trophy in North America.
 Inscribed the "Dominion Hockey Challenge Cup", the trophy was first awarded to Canada's amateur ice hockey clubs who won the trophy as the result of challenge games and league play.
 Professional clubs came to dominate the competition in the early years of the twentieth century, and in 1913 the two major professional ice hockey organizations, the National Hockey Association (NHA) (forerunner of the NHL) and the Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA), reached a gentlemen's agreement in which their respective champions would face each other in an annual series for the Stanley Cup.
 After a series of league mergers and folds, it became the "de facto" championship trophy of the NHL in 1926, though it was nominally still subject to external challenge.
 After 1947, the Cup became the "de jure" NHL championship prize.
The 44th National Hockey League All-Star Game was the last NHL All-Star Game to take place at the Montreal Forum on February 6, 1993.
 Before the start of the Game, there was a tribute to Mario Lemieux, who was in attendance but could not play due to his treatments for Hodgkin's Disease.
 Mike Gartner would take Mark Messier's place in the All-Star lineup and ended up becoming the fourth player in All-Star history to score four goals in one game, earning All-Star MVP honours.
 The final score was Wales Conference 16, Campbell Conference 6.
 This was also the first All-Star Game in which the San Jose Sharks sent a representative.
Ryan Johansen (born July 31, 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, an alternate captain for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Growing up, he played minor hockey in the Greater Vancouver area until joining the junior ranks with the Penticton Vees of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) for one season.
 In 2009–10, he moved to the major junior level with the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League (WHL).
 After his first WHL season, he was selected fourth overall by the Blue Jackets in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
 Internationally, he has competed for the Canadian national junior team at the 2011 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, where he earned a silver medal and was named to the Tournament All-Star Team.
 In 2015, he participated in the 2015 NHL Skills Competition and was named the 2015 NHL All-Star Game MVP.
