Lafayette Afro Rock Band was an American funk rock band formed in Roosevelt, Long Island, New York that relocated to France in 1970.
 Though almost unknown in their native United States, they are now universally celebrated as one of the standout funk bands of the 1970s and admired for their use of break beats.
 The band also recorded as Ice and as Krispie and Company (or Crispy and Company).
Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American funk rock band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1983.
 The band was formed by vocalist Anthony Kiedis, guitarist Hillel Slovak, bassist Flea, and drummer Jack Irons after they met while attending Fairfax High School.
 Since its inception, Red Hot Chili Peppers has maintained a four-member lineup, with fourteen official members overall.
Alta Moda were a Canadian funk rock band formed in 1979 in Toronto.
 It originally consisted of singer Molly Johnson and guitarist Norman Orenstein.
 Drummer Steven Gelineau and bassist Etric Lyons were added in 1982 and 1983 respectively.
Hanson (also known as Junior Marvin's Hanson) were a British-based rock band formed by Junior Hanson in 1973 and were signed to Emerson, Lake and Palmer's record label Manticore.
 Their debut album "Now Hear This", was released in 1973 and featured Bobby Tench.
 At the beginning of 1974, Junior Marvin disbanded the existing line-up and reformed the band for the recording of a funk rock album "Magic Dragon", which was released later that year.
Maggie's Dream was an alternative funk rock band formed by Raf Hernandez, Danny Palomo, Lonnie Hillyer, Tony James and former Menudo member and future solo musician, Draco Rosa.
 The band’s stridency earned them a spot with Fishbone and Faith No More during their tours.
 Maggie's Dream was signed to Capitol Records and released only one album.
Joe Lynn Turner (born Joseph Arthur Mark Linquito, August 2, 1951) is an American singer, guitarist, songwriter, and producer.
 He is known for his work in the hard rock bands Rainbow and Deep Purple.
 During his career, Turner fronted and played guitar with pop rock band Fandango in the late 1970s; and in the early 80s, he became a member of Rainbow, fronting the band and writing songs with guitarist, Ritchie Blackmore and bassist, and producer, Roger Glover.
 After Rainbow had disbanded (the first time) in March 1984, he pursued a solo career, released one album, Rescue You, and then later did session work, singing background vocals for the likes of Billy Joel, Cher, and Michael Bolton.
 On the advice of Bolton, Turner began recording jingles for radio and television.
 Other songs he had composed or through collaboration with songwriters like Desmond Child and Jack Ponti were being recorded and released by international recording artists Jimmy Barnes, Lee Aaron, and Bonfire.
 Turner had a short-lived association with neoclassical metal guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen and then Deep Purple.
 From the mid-1990s, he resumed his solo career, releasing an additional nine studio and two live recordings.
 Turner did other session work, appearing as lead vocalist on tribute albums and working on projects involving various musical groups including progressive rock band Mother's Army; Bulgarian hard rock band Brazen Abbot; funk rock duo Hughes Turner Project; and classic rock/ progressive rock band Rated X.
 In 2006, Frontiers Records approached Turner to become involved with the AOR side project Sunstorm.
 By 2016, four albums under the Sunstorm name had been released.
 That same year, Turner released "The Sessions" via Cleopatra Records featuring a veritable who's who of classic rock royalty as guest musicians, before resuming his seemingly constant touring schedule back in Europe
BioShaft is a Venezuelan alternative funk rock band formed in 2010 by Henry Ollarves (vocals, bass) Andres Blanco (guitar) and Javier Maimone (drums), directly influenced from the rock of the early 90's and the 70's bluesy… it is all about jams, guitar solos and a combination between the dark sounds of grunge and the groove of soul and funk.
Deca Loših Muzičara (Serbian Cyrillic: Деца Лоших Музичара; trans.
 "Bad Musicians' Children"), often abbreviated to DLM, are a funk rock band from Belgrade.
 They were one of the most popular Serbian bands in the early 1990s.
 Most DLM songs are fast and furious funk rock, but melodic, adorned with trumpet and saxophone lines.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American funk rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1983.
 The group's musical style primarily consists of rock with an emphasis on funk, as well as elements from other genres such as punk rock and psychedelic rock.
 When played live, their music incorporates elements of jam band due to the improvised nature of many of their performances.
 Currently, the band consists of founding members vocalist Anthony Kiedis and bassist Flea, longtime drummer Chad Smith, and former touring guitarist Josh Klinghoffer.
 Red Hot Chili Peppers are one of the best-selling bands of all time with over 80 million records sold worldwide, have been nominated for sixteen Grammy Awards, of which they have won six, and are the most successful band in alternative rock radio history, currently holding the records for most number-one singles (13), most cumulative weeks at number one (85) and most top-ten songs (25) on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.
 In 2012, they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
New Academics is a four-piece Funk rock band formed in Cape Town, South Africa.
 They are currently based in Johannesburg.
 They are known for their mixture of Afro-beat, Jazz, Hard rock, Funk and Hip hop in their music and have built a solid a following in South Africa and Europe with their debut album City of Strange.
