International Russian School in Antalya (Russian: Международная русская школа в Анталии , Turkish: "Özel Rusya Uluslararası Okulu, Antalya" ) is a private international school in Antalya, Turkey.
 It opened on September 1, 2010.
 The school described itself as a Russian international school, but Mircelol Husanov, the Russian Consul General in Antalya, said that the school, which was using an American curriculum, will not be recognized by authorities as a Russian school because it did not offer a Russian curriculum.
 The Consulate of Russia in Antalya complained to Antalya education authorities about the school having the Russian flag, so the school took the flag down.
The Novgorod School is a Russian school noted for its icon and mural painters active from the 12th century through the 16th century in Novgorod.
 During this time, the Russian artists preserved Byzantine traditions, influenced by Theophanes the Greek, which became the framework for later Russian art.
Russian School Hurghada (Russian: Русская школа в Хургаде ) is a private Russian international school in Hurghada, Egypt.
 It serves primary (years 1–4) and secondary (years 5–11) sections.
Vera Georgievna Dulova (Russian: Вера Георгиевна Дулова, born 27 January 1909, Moscow – 5 January 2000, Moscow) was a Russian harpist and instructor.
 The Russian school or method is named after her.
Russian School of Private Law (Institute) ("Russian: Российская школа частного права, РШЧП ") is a graduate school of law of the Research Centre of Private Law under the President of Russian Federation, which is a public research institution located in Moscow, Russia.
 Being one of the leading Russian academic and research law schools, it offers a postgraduate program ("Master of Private Law", formerly also "Master of Laws") with specialization in Russian and comparative private law for applicants holding specialist or bachelor's degree in Russian law.
Russian School Defense Staff or Headquarters for the Protection of Russian Schools (Russian: Штаб защиты русских школ ; Latvian: "Krievu skolu aizstāvības štābs" ) — movement in Latvia for protection of public secondary education in Russian.
 Leaders: Vladimir Buzayev, Gennady Kotov, Yury Petropavlovsky, Miroslavs Mitrofanovs, Mihail Tyasin, Viktor Dergunov, Vladislav Rafalsky, for some time also Alexander Kazakov (deported out of Latvia in 2004), one of the most prominent spokesmen — Yakov Pliner.
Eduant Private Russian School (Turkish: Uluslararası Eduant Rus Okulu ) is a Russian international school in Antalya, Turkey.
 It was established in 2000.
 As of 2014 it had 120 students in its compulsory education section.
 Many Ukrainian students arrived in Antalya due to the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine.
 The school offers English, Turkish and German as foreign languages.
The Russian International School in Dubai (Russian: Русская Международная Школа в Дубае ; Arabic: المدرسة الحولیة الروسیة‎ ‎ ) is a Russian private school located in Muhaisnah 4, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
 It follows the Russian Curriculum, the only school in Dubai to do so.
 Originally established in 1996 as the Dubai Russian School; it was a villa-based school with 60 students, founded by Najibullah Najib.
The Mighty Handful (Russian: Могучая кучка ), also known as The Five and The New Russian School, were five prominent 19th-century Russian composers who worked together to create a distinctly Russian classical music.
 Mily Balakirev (the leader), César Cui, Modest Mussorgsky, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and Alexander Borodin all lived in Saint Petersburg, and collaborated from 1856 to 1870.
FC Nara-ShBFR Naro-Fominsk (Russian: ФК «Нара-ШБФР» Наро-Фоминск ) is an association football club from Naro-Fominsk, Russia, founded in 1994.
 It played in the Russian Second Division (zone West) in 2005–2010.
 The team was called in the past Shelkovik Naro-Fominsk (1994–2004) and Nara-Desna Naro-Fominsk (2005–2007).
 Another Naro-Fominsk team, Trud Naro-Fominsk, played professionally in 1968 and 1969.
 ShBFR stands for "Школа Бразильского Футбола России" (Russian School of Brazilian Football).
