The Hertz Corporation, a subsidiary of Hertz Global Holdings Inc., is an American car rental company based in Estero, Florida that operates 9,700 international corporate and franchisee locations.
 As the second-largest US car rental company by sales, locations, and fleet size, Hertz operates in 150 countries, including North America, Europe, Latin America, Africa, Asia, Australia, The Caribbean, the Middle East, and New Zealand.
 The Hertz Corporation owns Dollar and Thrifty Automotive Group - which separates into Thrifty Car Rental and Dollar Rent A Car.
Enterprise Rent-A-Car is an American car rental company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri, United States in Greater St. Louis.
 In addition to car rental, Enterprise also oversees commercial fleet management, used car sales, and commercial truck rental operations.
Sixt SE is a European multinational car rental company with about 4,000 locations in over 105 countries.
 Sixt SE acts as a parent and holding company of the Sixt Group, which is internationally active in the business areas of vehicle rental and leasing.
 The majority of the company (60%) is owned by the Sixt family, who manage the company.
 The remaining share is tradeable stock: SIX2 (XETRA).
 It is the largest car rental company in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Israel.
The ACRISS Car Classification Code developed and maintained by ACRISS (the Association of Car Rental Industry Systems Standards) and is designed to enable customers and travel professionals to make an informed choice when booking car rental in Europe, Middle East and Africa.
 ACRISS Members include Avis, Budget, Alamo, National, Enterprise, Europcar, Hertz and Maggiore
Irish Car Rentals is a car rental company headquartered in Santry, Dublin that provides car rental services in Ireland.
 The Irish Car Rentals was the owner of GoCar, the first car sharing service in Ireland and has the Europcar franchise in Ireland.
WhizzGo is a United Kingdom car rental company that provides rental cars in more than 258 countries worldwide.
 The company started as a pay-by-the-hour service based in the United Kingdom.
 Since July 2017 it is restructured and is now providing car rental services by price comparing rates of most of the rent-a-car suppliers worldwide.
Payless Car Rental, Inc. is a car rental company owned by Avis Budget Group and headquartered in St. Petersburg, Florida.
 While mainly a franchise system, the company owns and operates several corporate locations.
 Payless Car Rental, Payless Car Sales, Payless Parking and REZlink International are sister companies under the umbrella of Avalon Global Group.
The American Car Rental Association (ACRA) is a formal trade organization based in Long Lake, New York, composed of rental car companies, that advocates and lobbies on behalf of the car rental industry with elected officials and consumer advocates at the federal, state and local levels of government.
Avis Budget Group, Inc. is the American parent company of Avis Car Rental, Budget Car Rental, Budget Truck Rental, Payless Car Rental, Apex Car Rentals, Maggiore Group and Zipcar.
 The company's headquarters are located in Parsippany-Troy Hills, New Jersey, United States.
Enterprise Holdings, Inc. is an American holding company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri.
 It is the parent company of car rental companies Enterprise Rent-A-Car, National Car Rental, Alamo Rent a Car, and Enterprise CarShare.
 The holding company was formed in 2009 as a result of Enterprise Rent-A-Car's 2007 acquisition of Vanguard Automotive Group, the parent company of National Car Rental and Alamo Rent a Car.
 Enterprise ranks as the largest car rental company in the United States.
 The company sells its used cars through Enterprise Car Sales.
 It is owned by the Taylor family
