The New York City Subway is a rapid transit system that serves four of the five boroughs of New York City in the U.S. state of New York: the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens.
 Operated by the New York City Transit Authority under the Metropolitan Transportation Authority of New York, the New York City Subway is the busiest rapid transit system in the United States and the seventh busiest in the world, with 5.225 million daily riders.
 The system's 472 stations qualifies it to have the largest number of rapid transit stations in the world.
The Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 2, also known as LRT Line 2, LRT-2, or Megatren, is a rapid transit line in Metro Manila in the Philippines, generally running in an east-west direction along the Radial Road 6 and a portion of the Circumferential Road 1.
 Although operated by the Light Rail Transit Authority, resulting in its being called "LRT-2", it is actually a heavy rail, rapid transit system owing to its use of electric multiple units instead of the light rail vehicles used in earlier lines and is the only line utilizing such type of system in the country.
 Envisioned in the 1970s as part of the Metropolitan Manila Strategic Mass Rail Transit Development Plan, the eleven-station, 13.8 km line was the third rapid transit line to be built in Metro Manila when it started operations in 2003.
 It is operated by the Light Rail Transit Authority (LRTA), a government-owned and controlled corporation attached to the Department of Transportation (DOTr) under an official development assistance scheme.
Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) is a heavy rail rapid transit system in the San Francisco Bay Area.
 It is administered by the San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District government agency in three California counties: Alameda, Contra Costa, and San Francisco.
 BART is the fifth busiest rapid transit system in the United States, averaging between 433,000 and 455,000 weekday passengers by 2015.
The Kaohsiung Rapid Transit Corporation (KRTC) () is a corporation established by the municipal government of Kaohsiung, Taiwan to build and operate a rapid transit system for the municipality of Kaohsiung.
 The corporation was established on February 1, 1999.
 The government signalled the start of this BOT (Build, Operate, Transfer) project with solicitation of private sector investment in the initial phase of a Kaohsiung Rapid Transit System-the Red and Orange Lines Construction Project.
 This first step demonstrated Kaohsiung Municipal Government's determination to propel Kaohsiung City and County towards a prosperous future.
 The Kaohsiung Rapid Transit System will not only fulfill a transport function but will also provide the framework and catalyst for the development of the fabric, the economy and the quality of life of the area, and for the promotion of community life, culture and art.
The Johor Bahru Rapid Transit System is a proposed rapid transit system to be built in Johor Bahru, consisting of one rapid transit line and three bus rapid transit corridors.
Kaohsiung Mass Rapid Transit or MRT, formally Kaohsiung Rapid Transit System (), is a rapid transit system covering the metropolitan area of Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
 Construction of the KMRT started in October 2001.
 The Red Line and the Orange Line opened on March 9 and September 14, 2008, respectively.
 KMRT is operated by the Kaohsiung Rapid Transit Corporation (KRTC; ) under the BOT contract the company signed with the Kaohsiung City Government.
The Johor Bahru–Singapore Rapid Transit System (RTS Link) is a planned rapid transit system that would connect Singapore and Johor Bahru, Malaysia, crossing the Straits of Johor.
 The line is also referred to as the "Singapore-Johor Bahru Rapid Transit System", "Malaysia-Singapore Rapid Transit System", etc.
 If built, it would be the second rail link between the two countries, after KTM Intercity's North-South line, and the first designed for high-volume local transit.
 The first part of a preliminary engineering study was completed in March 2014, with the initial completion year targeted for 2019.
 However, according to Datuk Ismail Ibrahim, CEO of the Iskandar Regional Development Authority, completion date is targeted for 2022.
There are three heavy rail and three light rail rapid transit systems operating in Canada.
 The Toronto subway was the first rapid transit system in Canada when it opened a 12-station line in 1954.
 It has since grown to encompass three heavy rail lines and one intermediate rail line and has the most number of stations of any system in Canada with 69.
 Construction has begun on the Eglinton Crosstown Line and the Toronto-York Spadina Subway Extension, which will add 28 new stations and a total of 27.6 km of new track.
 Montreal introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966 and has now become the most popular rapid transit system in the country with 1,263,800 daily riders.
 The Vancouver SkyTrain, an automated guided line, was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair and is the longest rapid transit system in Canada with a system length of 79.6 km .
 There are three light rail systems operating in Canada including systems in Calgary (the CTrain), Edmonton (the Edmonton LRT), and Ottawa (the O-train).
 There is one light rail system under construction in Kitchener-Waterloo named Ion rapid transit.
Taipei Metro, Taipei Mass Rapid Transit or MRT, or the Taipei Rapid Transit System , is a rapid transit system serving metropolitan Taipei, Taiwan.
 The system is built by the Department of Rapid Transit Systems, Taipei City Government (DORTS-Taipei) and Department of Rapid Transit Systems, New Taipei City Government (DRTS-New Taipei) and operated by the Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC).
 It consists of 108 stations (117 stations if transfer stations are double-counted) and 5 main routes and 2 branch lines, operating on 131.1 km of revenue track.
 The system carried an average of around 2.10 million passengers per day in March 2016.
The Metropolitan Rapid Transit or MRT is a rapid transit system serving the Bangkok Metropolitan Region in Thailand.
 The first section of the Blue Line between Hua Lamphong and Bang Sue opened in 2004 as Bangkok's second public transit system, while the MRT Purple Line opened in August 2016.
 The MRT is operated by the Bangkok Expressway and Metro Public Company Limited (BEM) under a concession granted by the Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand ("MRTA").
 Along with the BTS Skytrain and the Airport Rail Link, the MRT is part of Bangkok's rail transportation infrastructure.
