Daniel Alcaíno Cuevas (] , born April 6, 1972) is a Chilean actor and comedian.
 Born and raised in Santiago, the capital of Chile, he attended the Liceo Cervantes when he was a teenager.
 After an unsuccessful attempt to study Law, Alcaíno embarked on a career as an actor and comedian, he studied at the Universidad de Chile.
 He is popularly known for his characters Peter Veneno and Yerko Puchento, in addition to his imitation of the Argentinian president Carlos Menem.
Martin Høgsted (born in 1982, Dianalund) is a Danish stand-up comedian.
 He is known for UPS!
 Det er live, and as writer from Live fra Bremen.
 He debuted as comedian in 2006 on Comedy Zoo in Copenhagen and won DM i stand-up (Best Danish stand-up comedian) in 2008.
Paul Julian Whitehouse (born 17 May 1958) is a British actor, writer and comedian.
 He became known for his work with Harry Enfield and as one of the stars of the popular BBC sketch comedy series "The Fast Show".
 In a 2005 poll to find The Comedian's Comedian, he was in the top 50 comedy acts voted for by comedians and comedy insiders.
 He is most well known for his comic characters in "The Fast Show", "Harry and Paul" and "Harry Enfield and Chums".
 He also appears in AVIVA insurance adverts.
Naseem Vicky (born July 18, 1976) is a television and film actor and also a stand-up comedian, born in Faisalabad, vicky belong to punjabi MALIK caste Punjab, Pakistan.
 In 2000, he migrated to Lahore because of his career.
 He was in "Family Front" (1997), a Pakistan Television Corporation TV situation comedy show.
 He is working in Punjabi dramas as a stand-up comedian and also in some comedy shows on many news channels.
Vittorio Leonardi (born 2 January 1977) is a South African stand-up comedian and actor.
 As a comedian, he has performed as a member of Joe Parker's Comedy Express, as well as performing improvisational theatre with Joe Parker's Improv Express, and has appeared on stages in Witbank, Pretoria, Johannesburg, Vereeniging, Bloemfontein, Kimberley, Pietermaritzburg, Durban and Cape Town.
 In television, he has appeared in the "Laugh Out Loud" (2005) series as part of the team that pranked South African comedian and show host Jeremy Mansfield, and as a shady gun dealer on the show "One Way" (2006).
Bob Smith (born December 24, 1960) is an American comedian and author.
 Smith, born in Buffalo, New York, was the first openly gay comedian to appear on "The Tonight Show" and the first openly gay comedian to have his own HBO half-hour comedy special.
 Smith, along with fellow comedians Jaffe Cohen and Danny McWilliams, formed the comedy troupe Funny Gay Males in 1988.
David Attell (born January 18, 1965) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and writer, best known as the host of Comedy Central's "Insomniac with Dave Attell", which gave him a cult following.
 Born in Queens, New York, he grew up in Rockville Centre, New York with his cousins the Small family and now lives in New York City.
 Patton Oswalt and Bill Burr have hailed him as the greatest off-color comedian alive.
Eli Woods (11 January 1923 – 1 May 2014) born John Casey, was an English comedian and comic actor, born in Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham, possibly best known for his work with stage comedian Jimmy James (in reality his uncle), and particularly for his part in the famous 'elephant-in-the-box' routine.
Siw Anita Andersen (born 27 April 1966) is a Norwegian actress and comedian, from Oslo.
 She is probably best known to Norwegian viewers through her role as "Målfrid" in the TV sitcom ""Mot i brøstet"".
 In addition to this she has also acted in other TV-shows such as ""Nissene på låven"" (2001), as well as movie roles.
 She had her big screen debut in 1989 with the movie "Showbiz", and later also had a role in "Kvitebjørn Kong Valemon" (1991).
 Andersen has also done stand-up and variety shows, and in 2002 won the Leif Juster honorary award, named after legendary Norwegian comedian Leif Juster.
 In 2002 she was also awarded "Komiprisen" ("The Comedy Prize") as best female comedian.
 She has had several roles in plays at Oslo Nye Teater.
Sayaka Aoki (青木 さやか or 青木 沙耶加 , Aoki Sayaka , born March 27, 1973) is a Japanese TV star, comedian, and actress from Owariasahi, Aichi Prefecture (born in Seto in the same prefecture).
 Both of her parents are primary school teachers.
 After graduating from Nagoya Gakuin University, she began her comedian career.
 One of her co-workers is Hidekazu Nagai.
