Lupin Limited is a transnational pharmaceutical company based in Mumbai.
 It is the seventh-largest company by market capitalization; and the 10th-largest generic pharmaceutical company by revenue globally.
 Lupin is the fifth-largest generic pharmaceutical company in the US by prescription-led market share and 3rd largest Indian pharmaceutical company by revenue.
 It has the distinction of being the fastest growing generic pharmaceutical player in the US and Japan;, and is the 4th largest and the fastest growing generic pharmaceutical player in South Africa.
Behestan Darou is a private joint stock pharmaceutical company based in Tehran, Iran.
 Founded in 2001, the company is currently one of the largest importers of finished pharmaceutical products in terms of sales and number of products imported.
 Formed subsequent to the Ministry of Health decision to privatize the Iranian pharmaceutical sector, the company imports and markets more than 300 generic and patented pharmaceuticals from a number of international pharmaceutical manufacturers.
Ipca Laboratories is an international pharmaceutical company based in Mumbai, India.
 It produces Theo bromine, Acetylthiophene, and P-Bromo Toluene as Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs).
 Ipca sells these APIs and their intermediates world over.
 It produces more than 150 formulations that include oral liquids, tablets, dry powders, and capsules.
 The various kinds of drug intermediates that the company manufactures include Theo bromine, Acetylthiophene, and P- Bromo Toluene and promotes over 36 countries of Asia, Africa, CIS, and South America, including Cambodia, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Mauritius, Myanmar, Nigeria, Oman, Russia, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Tanzania, Ukraine, Vietnam and Yemen.
 The main activities of company are to produce and market pharmaceuticals and drugs.
 The various products of the company include formulations, drug intermediates, and active pharmaceutical ingredients (API).
Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd (武田薬品工業株式会社 , Takeda Yakuhin Kōgyō Kabushiki-gaisha ) is the largest pharmaceutical company in Japan and Asia and a top 15 pharmaceutical company in the world.
 The company has over 30,000 employees worldwide and achieved 16.2 billion USD in revenue during the 2012 fiscal year.
 The company is focused on metabolic disorders, gastroenterology, neurology, inflammation, as well as oncology through its independent subsidiary, Millennium: The Takeda Oncology Company.
 Its headquarters is located in Chuo-ku, Osaka, and it has an office in Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo.
Teva Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (TAPI) is an international pharmaceutical company headquartered in Israel.
 TAPI is a stand-alone business unit of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries limited, the largest generic drug manufacturer in the world and one of the 15 largest pharmaceutical companies worldwide.
Zandu Realty Limited (formerly Zandu Pharmaceutical Works Limited) is an international pharmaceutical company based in Mumbai, India.
 Company's core business of manufacturing and dealing in ayurvedic and medicinal preparations.
Phospho-Energon, often just called Energon, was a 'miracle medicine' produced and distributed in Sweden.
 Through the sales of Phospho-Energon, the emerging Swedish pharmaceutical company Pharmacia (founded in 1911 out of the "Elgen" pharmacy in central Stockholm) was able to establish itself on the market.
 With the incomes generated by the Energon sales Pharmacia was able to initiate pharmaceutical research and the production of other medicines, eventually becoming a major actor in the Swedish and international pharmaceutical sectors.
 The main ingredients of Energon were calf's brain, sugar and milk.
 Initially, the drug was sold as a powder to be mixed with liquid, but later pills were produced.
Astra AB is a former international pharmaceutical company headquartered in Södertälje, Sweden.
 Astra was formed in 1913 and merged with the British Zeneca Group in 1999 to form AstraZeneca.
 Product development was focused on therapeutics for gastrointestinal, cardiovascular and respiratory disorders and pain control.
 At the time of the fusion, Astra was the largest Swedish pharmaceutical company.
 Astra also operated Astra Tech, a medical devices company, and marketed pharmaceuticals outside their primary development area, including anti-infective agents.
The Chinese Pharmaceutical Association is the regulatory and professional body for pharmacists and pharmaceutical scientists in China.
 It is headquartered in Beijing, and there are also offices nationwide.
 Founded in 1907, as a national professional pharmaceutical organization, it is one of the earliest and largest academic organizations in China.
 It is a member of Chinese Association for Science and Technology (CAST), International Pharmaceutical Federation (FIP), and Asian Federation for Medicinal Chemistry (AFMC).
Zentiva N.V. is an international pharmaceutical company focused on developing, manufacturing and marketing modern generic pharmaceutical products.
 Since 2009 Zentiva is the generic drug arm of Sanofi.
 Its Romanian subsidiary, Zentiva SA is traded on Bucharest stock exchange ().
