The Schoolcraft River is a tributary of the Mississippi River, approximately 30 mi (48 km) long, in northern Minnesota in the United States.
 Although short, it is considered as the first major tributary of the Mississippi, since it is the first river that joins the Mississippi below its source that is nearly the same size as the Mississippi itself.
 The river is named after Henry Schoolcraft, who mapped the region and discovered nearby Lake Itasca as the source of the Mississippi in 1831.
 Its name in the Ojibwe language is "Ozaawindibe-ziibi" (Yellow-head River), named after Ozaawindib who guided Schoolcraft to the nearby "Omashkoozo-zaaga'igan" (Elk Lake), which Schoolcraft then named Lake Itasca.
 Prior to being named for these early explorers it had been called the "Naiwa River"
The Bumping River is a tributary of the Naches River, in Washington in the United States.
 It flows down the east side of the Cascade Range, through Wenatchee National Forest and the William O. Douglas Wilderness.
 From its source at Fish Lake near Crag Mountain, it flows northeast to Bumping Lake, a natural lake enlarged and regulated by Bumping Lake Dam.
 Below the dam, the Bumping River continues flowing northeast.
 It is joined by the American River, its main tributary, a few miles above its mouth where it joins the Little Naches River to form the Naches River.
The Portage River is an 8.8 mi tributary of the Moose Horn River in eastern Minnesota, United States.
 It flows west to the Moose Horn River, joining it at Moosehead Lake next to the city of Moose Lake.
 By the Moose Horn River, its waters flow to the Kettle River, St. Croix River, and ultimately the Mississippi River.
 Just to the east of the Portage River, Nemadji Creek flows east to the Nemadji River, a tributary of Lake Superior and part of the Saint Lawrence River basin.
The Straight River is a 15.5 mi tributary of the Apple River located entirely within Polk County, Wisconsin in the United States.
 The Straight River rises in wetlands west of Straight Lake in Straight Lake State Park.
 After exiting Straight Lake, the river flows generally southeastward toward Big Round Lake in the town of Georgetown.
 From Big Round, the Straight flows through Little and Big Blake lakes, before meeting Fox Creek, the outlet of Bone Lake.
 Below the confluence, Fox Creek flows southward for 5.2 mi , roughly parallel to County Road I/H, before meeting the Apple River a few miles west of White Ash Lake within the town of Apple River.
Great East Lake is an 1825 acre water body located in Carroll County, New Hampshire, and York County, Maine, in the United States.
 The lake is shared by the towns of Wakefield, New Hampshire, and Acton, Maine, with 45% of its surface area in Acton and 55% in Wakefield.
 The lake is the farthest upstream of the five headwater lakes of the Salmon Falls River, a tributary of the Piscataqua River.
 Water from Great East Lake flows out its dam and through the 800 ft Newichawannock Canal into Horn Pond, then into the Salmon Falls River below Horn Pond.
The West Branch Lackawanna River (also known as Ball Creek) is a tributary of the Lackawanna River in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 It is approximately 9.5 mi long and flows through Ararat Township, Herrick Township, and Union Dale.
 The watershed of the river has an area of 16.8 sqmi .
 The river is not designated as an impaired stream and it has a high level of water quality.
 Lakes and wetlands in the river's watershed include Ball Lake, Fiddle Lake, Hathaway Lake, Lake Romobe, Lewis Lake, Lowe Lake, and Sink Hole Swamp.
 The river is also dammed by at least two dams: the Romobe Lake Dam and the Hathaway Pond Dam.
The Columbia River is the largest river in the Pacific Northwest region of North America.
 The river rises in the Rocky Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.
 It flows northwest and then south into the US state of Washington, then turns west to form most of the border between Washington and the state of Oregon before emptying into the Pacific Ocean.
 The river is 1243 mi long, and its largest tributary is the Snake River.
 Its drainage basin is roughly the size of France and extends into seven US states and a Canadian province.
 The fourth-largest river in the United States by volume, the Columbia has the greatest flow of any North American river entering the Pacific.
The Blood Run Site is an archaeological site on the border of the US states of Iowa and South Dakota.
 The site was essentially populated for 8,500 years, within which earthworks structures were built by the Oneota Culture and occupied descendant tribes such as the Ioway, Otoe, Missouri, and shared with Quapaw and later Kansa, Osage, Omaha (who were both Omaha and Ponca at the time) people.
 The site was so named on account of the iron-stained soil.
The Red Rock River is a roughly 70 mi river in southwestern Montana in the United States.
 Its drainage basin covers over 1548 mi2 .
 Its furthest tributary, Hell Roaring Creek, originates in the Beaverhead National Forest within a few hundred meters of the North American Continental Divide and Montana-Idaho border near Brower's Spring, at an elevation of about 9100 ft .
 Brower's Spring is near the furthest headwaters of the Missouri River, one of the major watercourses of the central United States.
 The drainage flows north and west with its name changing to "Red Rock Creek" into the Red Rock Lakes in the middle of a wide grassy valley; the Red Rock River issues from the west side of Lower Red Rock Lake.
 It flows west, receiving many tributaries such as Peet Creek and Long Creek, widening into the Lima Reservoir and then passing through a canyon, which ends near Lima, Montana.
 From there, it flows northwest through a valley, passing Kidd and Red Rock, and into Clark Canyon Reservoir.
 Under the waters of the lake was once the confluence of the Red Rock and Horse Prairie Creek, forming the Beaverhead River, a tributary of the Jefferson River, in turn a headwater of the Missouri River.
The Graveraet River is an 8.7 mi river in Houghton County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.
 It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
