Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances.
 Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure.
 Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's.
 Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed.
 Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion.
 Thus the birth of Modifications.
 It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance.
 FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence.
 Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal.
 Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash.
 Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them.
 Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s.
 During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions.
 The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices.
 During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization.
 Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow.
 The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'.
 that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow.
 Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead.
 This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder.
 The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally.
 The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally.
 Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions.
 Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason.
 Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification.
 Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds.
 While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008.
 The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate.
 It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders.
 Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned.
 Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public.
 Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.
The Critical Legal Studies Movement is a book by philosopher and politician Roberto Mangabeira Unger.
 First published in 1983 as an article in the "Harvard Law Review", published in book form in 1986, and reissued with a new introduction in 2015, "The Critical Legal Studies Movement" is a principal document of the American critical legal studies movement that supplied the book with its title.
 In the book, Unger argues that law and legal thought offers unrealized possibilities for the self-construction of a more democratic society, and that many lawyers and legal theorists have uncritically surrendered to constraints that undermine their ability to make use of law’s transformative potential.
 Unger explains how the critical legal studies movement has refined and reformulated the major themes of leftist and progressive legal theorists, namely the critique of formalism and objectivism in legal doctrine, and the purely instrumental use of legal practice and doctrine to advance leftist aims, and in doing so, has identified elements of a constructive program for the reconstruction of society.
John Bishop Ballem (1925–2010) was a Canadian murder mystery/thriller novelist.
 While best known for his novels about the oil industry and private law, Ballem was also a naval air force pilot, assistant professor, specialist in the oil industry and private law lawyer.
 He was an acknowledged legal authority on oil and gas and winner of the Petroleum Law Foundation Prize in 1973.
 He was a member of the Crime Writers of Canada, the Probus Club of Calgary and the Air Crew Association of Alberta: Southern Alberta Branch.
 In 2009, the Law Society of Alberta and the Canadian Bar Association of Alberta awarded John the Distinguished Service Award for Legal Scholarship.
 He was also a Calgary Herald world travels reporter and visited many exotic locations such as both poles.
 Ballem's most important and well known work is the internationally recognized authoritative text,"The Oil and Gas Lease in Canada", a standard legal reference that went to four editions, the final being 2008.
Gregory Shaffer is a leading scholar of the World Trade Organization, of law and globalization, and of transnational legal orders and legal ordering, working in the tradition of legal realism and socio-legal studies.
 He introduced the concept of public-private partnerships in the WTO dispute settlement system, examining how they work in practice in the United States, the European Union and Brazil.
 He also has written major books on the international law and politics governing genetically modified foods, transatlantic relations, and transnational legal orders.
 Shaffer is a Chancellor's Professor of Law at the University of California, Irvine School of Law.
 He has previously been the Melvin C. Steen Professor of Law at the University of Minnesota Law School, held the first Chair at Loyola University Chicago School of Law (the Wing-Tat Lee Chair), and was a Professor at the University of Wisconsin Law School, where he was Co-Director of the Center on World Affairs and the Global Economy.
 He serves as the Senior Research Fellow at the International Centre for Trade and Sustainable Development (ICTSD) for its project on WTO Dispute Settlement and Developing Countries, and served on the Executive Council of the American Society of International Law.
 He received his B.A. from Dartmouth College and his J.D. from Stanford Law School.
The Feminism and Legal Theory Project is a project aimed at addressing issues relating to women and law.
 It was founded in 1984 by legal theorist Martha Fineman, a pioneer in feminist legal theory.
 The project nurtures scholars from around the world, bringing them together to study and debate a wide range of topics related to feminist theory and law.
 The project began at the University of Wisconsin Law School to provide a forum for interdisciplinary feminist scholarship addressing important issues in law and society.
 In 1990, the project moved to Columbia Law School, and in 1999, to Cornell Law School.
 Since 2004, the project has been part of Emory University School of Law, where Fineman holds a Robert W. Woodruff Professorship.
 The project has resulted in the publication of several books on feminist legal theory.
 Fineman has been its director since 1984.
Legal history or the history of law is the study of how law has evolved and why it changed.
 Legal history is closely connected to the development of civilisations and is set in the wider context of social history.
 Among certain jurists and historians of legal process, it has been seen as the recording of the evolution of laws and the technical explanation of how these laws have evolved with the view of better understanding the origins of various legal concepts; some consider it a branch of intellectual history.
 Twentieth century historians have viewed legal history in a more contextualised manner more in line with the thinking of social historians.
 They have looked at legal institutions as complex systems of rules, players and symbols and have seen these elements interact with society to change, adapt, resist or promote certain aspects of civil society.
 Such legal historians have tended to analyse case histories from the parameters of social science inquiry, using statistical methods, analysing class distinctions among litigants, petitioners and other players in various legal processes.
 By analysing case outcomes, transaction costs, number of settled cases they have begun an analysis of legal institutions, practices, procedures and briefs that give us a more complex picture of law and society than the study of jurisprudence, case law and civil codes can achieve.
Community Legal Assistance Society (CLAS), which previously went by the name "Vancouver Community Legal Assistance Society (V-CLAS)", is a non-governmental organization in British Columbia, Canada which provides legal services to low- and moderate-income persons in the areas of mental health law, human rights law, and poverty law.
 Founded in 1971, CLAS is often referred to as Canada's first community law office.
 CLAS operates a BC Human Rights Clinic, a Mental Health Law Program, and a poverty law-focused Community Law Program.
The Glanville Davies affair was a scandal in the English legal profession which resulted in greater reform of the regulatory processes for solicitors and was one of the justifications for the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990.
 Glanville Davies was a well-respected solicitor and a member of the Council of the Law Society of England and Wales who massively overcharged his client, Leslie Persons, sending him a bill for £197,000 that was reduced on taxation to £67,000.
 Davies was not punished by the Law Society's internal regulatory committees, which allowed him to resign from the council on the grounds of ill-health with his reputation intact.
 Following litigation and public criticism, the Law Society commissioned an internal report that found "administrative failures, wrong decisions, mistakes, errors of judgement, failures in communication and insensitivity".
 A private member's bill reformed the way in which the Law Society investigated disciplinary complaints, although not to the extent initially proposed, and paved the way for the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 that created an independent disciplinary body.
Anna Leonidovna Kovalchuk (Russian: А́нна Леони́довна Ковальчу́к ; born 15 June 1977) is a Russian actress.
 The winner of the prize for the presentation of the image of "good character" in the international legal Festival "Law and Society" for the title role in the television series "Tainy Sledstviya".
Hector L. MacQueen, FBA, FRSE, (born 1956) is a Scottish academic, a senior scholar of Scots law and legal history, and member of the Scottish Law Commission.
 He is Professor of Private Law at the University of Edinburgh and a former Dean of its Faculty of Law.
 He is author, co-author and editor of a large number books on Scottish law and legal history, including the 11th, 12th, 13th and 14th editions of the standard text "Gloag & Henderson Law of Scotland", and is former Literary Director of the Stair Society.
 Stetson University College of Law, Florida, appointed him Distinguished International Professor 2007-2009, and he taught European Copyright Law there.
 As an historian, he has a particular interest in the law and society of medieval Carrick and Galloway.
 He is currently a member of the International Advisory Group for the JKLH-funded project, 'The Paradox of Medieval Scotland, 1093-1286'.
