Rob Jackson born 4 September 1981 in Salford, Greater Manchester, England is a rugby league player for Whitehaven in National League One.
Patrick J. Duffy (28 July 1875 – 21 July 1946) was an Irish Cumann na nGaedheal politician.
 He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Monaghan constituency at the 1923 general election.
 He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election.
 Patrick J. Duffy was born in Doohamlet, near Castleblayney in County Monaghan.
 He was an active member of the Irish Volunteers and took part in the Irish War of Independence.
 He was married to Sarah Lawless of Ringsend, Dublin and had 8 children with her.
Liam Mulvihill (Irish "Liam Ó Maolmhichíl") (born 1947) was the 17th Director General of the Gaelic Athletic Association who officially retired at the end January 2008 to be replaced by Paraic Duffy.
 A native of County Longford, Mulvihill represented his county in football at many levels.
 Mulvihill was appointed Director General on June 1, 1979, making him the second longest serving DG in the history of the Association.
Walter A. Duffy was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
 Duffy was first elected to the Assembly in 1914, succeeding Hubert H. Peavey, a future member of the United States House of Representatives.
 He was re-elected in 1916.
 Additionally, Duffy was a member of the Bayfield County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors.
 He was a Republican.
 Duffy was born in Washburn, Wisconsin in 1889.
Michael A. Jackson (born March 29, 1964) is the current Maryland state delegate for District 27B in Prince George's County and is on three committees.
 Jackson is also the former Sheriff of Prince George's County, Maryland.
 Pursuant to Maryland Common Law, Jackson's position as the elected sheriff made him the senior law enforcement official of his jurisdiction and his authority superseded all others within the county.
 Jackson, a Democrat, served for two terms, from 2002 to 2010.
 The area that he served contains an estimated 820,852 residents, holds the Washington Redskins Stadium (Fedex Field, the largest stadium in the NFL), the University of Maryland, College Park, and the National Harbor.
 Although violent crimes had dropped since 2006, in 2007, Prince George's County reported over 130 homicides, the highest rate of any county in Maryland.
Duff Clark "Duffy" Jackson (born July 3, 1953, Freeport, New York) is an American jazz drummer.
Richard Michael Duffy (born 30 August 1985) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for EFL League Two club Notts County.
 A versatile player who can play either on the right or at the centre of defence, he won 13 caps for Wales between 2005 and 2008.
 He is the younger brother of Robert Duffy.
The Rt.
 Hon. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, , PC (12 April 1816 – 9 February 1903), Irish-Australian nationalist, journalist, poet and politician, was the 8th Premier of Victoria and one of the most colourful figures in Victorian political history.
 Duffy was born in Dublin Street, Monaghan Town, County Monaghan, Ireland, the son of a Catholic shopkeeper.
 Both his parents died while he was still a child and his uncle, Fr James Duffy, who was the Catholic parish priest of Castleblayney, became his guardian for a number of years.
Joseph Mark "Joe" Cohn (born December 28, 1956, Flushing, New York) is an American jazz guitarist.
 His father is Al Cohn.
 Joe's daughter Shaye Cohn, is a musician who plays cornet with her band Tuba Skinny in New Orleans and at jazz festivals in Italy and Australia and elsewhere.
 Shaye also plays accordion, violin and piano.
 Joe studied at Berklee College of Music, and has played with Bob Mover, Nick Brignola, Freddy Cole, Buddy DeFranco, Dick Johnson, Al Grey, Carmen Leggio, and Duffy Jackson.
Keith Duffy is an Irish bass guitarist, best known for his long-standing support role in the folk-pop band The Corrs.
 He was born Keith Arnold Jacques Duffy on 2 June 1966, in Drogheda, County Louth, Ireland.
