Never Let Me Go is a 2005 dystopian science fiction novel by Japanese-born British author Kazuo Ishiguro.
 It was shortlisted for the 2005 Booker Prize (an award Ishiguro had previously won in 1989 for "The Remains of the Day"), for the 2006 Arthur C. Clarke Award and for the 2005 National Book Critics Circle Award. "
Time" magazine named it the best novel of 2005 and included the novel in its "TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005".
 It also received an ALA Alex Award in 2006.
 A film adaptation directed by Mark Romanek was released in 2010; a Japanese television drama aired in 2016.
Never Let You Go: Shindemo Hanasanai' (Never Let You Go ～死んでも離さない～") is the first Japanese single by the South Korean boy band 2AM.
 It was released in January 11, 2012 in three different editions.
Never Let Me Down is the seventeenth studio album by David Bowie, released on 20 April 1987 on the label EMI America.
 Bowie conceived the album as the foundation for a theatrical world tour, writing and recording most of the songs in Switzerland.
 He considered the record a return to rock and roll music.
 Three singles were released from the album, "Day-In Day-Out", "Time Will Crawl" and "Never Let Me Down", which all reached the UK Top 40.
"Never Let Me Go" is a blues ballad song by American R&B/blues singer Johnny Ace, written by Joseph Scott and released in 1954 under Duke Records.
 The song is featured on the albums "My Songs" and "Memorial".
 "Never Let Me Go" was one of his eighth consecutive top ten R&B hits in a row, including "My Song", "Cross My Heart," "Please Forgive Me," "The Clock," "Pledging My Love," "Saving My Love for You," and "Anymore".
 The song was R&B hit and peaked to No. 9 in October 1954 on "Billboards" Rhythm & Blues Records chart.
Jakaranda was a pop group consisting of Kenny Wong, Allison DiNonno, and Jacqueline "Jackie" Siebert which performed from 1997 to 1998.
 In the summer of 1998 Kenny Wong was replaced by Ronnie Davidson.
 The group was a part of Crave Records, a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment (Japan), which ceased operations in 1998.
 The group had moderate attention upon the release of the Disney remake "The Parent Trap", where their single "Never Let You Go" was featured.
 A similar version of "Never Let You Go" was made by Dario G, an English dance music group in 1997 titled "Sunchyme."
 It reached No. 2 in the UK singles chart in 1997.
 The original theme for both these songs was taken from the 1985 song "Life in a Northern Town" by The Dream Academy.
One Night with You: The Best of Love, Volume 2 is the third compilation album released by American singer Luther Vandross, released on September 15, 1997 by Epic Records.
 It is his second compilation album to be released stateside, and is a continuation of his triple-platinum selling first compilation "The Best of Luther Vandross... The Best of Love" (1989).
 "One Night with You" contains four newly recorded songs including the R. Kelly-penned and Grammy-nominated "When You Call on Me/Baby That's When I Come Runnin'" and selections compiled from his later studio albums such as "Songs" (1994), "This Is Christmas" (1995), "Never Let Me Go" (1993), "Power of Love" (1991) and "Your Secret Love" (1996).
"Never Let Me Down" is a song recorded by English singer David Bowie, serving as the title track for his 1987 studio album of the same name.
 It was released as the third and final single from the record in 1987, and served as his last single until 1992's "Real Cool World" (although a remix of "Fame" was released in 1990).
 "Never Let Me Down" was written by the singer himself and Carlos Alomar, while production was handled by Bowie along with David Richards.
Never Let Me Go is a 2010 British dystopian romantic drama film based on Kazuo Ishiguro's 2005 novel of the same name.
 The film was directed by Mark Romanek from a screenplay by Alex Garland.
 "Never Let Me Go" is set in an alternative history and centres on Kathy, Ruth and Tommy portrayed by Carey Mulligan, Keira Knightley and Andrew Garfield respectively, who become entangled in a love triangle.
 Principal photography began in April 2009 and lasted several weeks.
 The movie was filmed at various locations, including Andrew Melville Hall.
 "Never Let Me Go" was produced by DNA Films and Film4 on a US$15 million budget.
Countrified is the first full-length album of the German heavy metal band Farmer Boys.
 All of the album's songs make reference to farm life or farm animals.
 It also has a cover track of Depeche Mode's "Never Let Me Down Again".
 The album is the band's heaviest album ever recorded and it strongly features elements from thrash metal, groove metal and goth metal.
 Music videos for ""Farm Sweet Farm"" and ""Never Let Me Down Again"" were directed by Nick Lyon.
 Countrified sold over 10.000 copies.
According to the memoir, Pearson says her life was turned around upon learning in prison that a close friend and drug dealer, whom she called "Uncle", was killed.
 Pearson said of her decision to write her book, "I just want to let people know where I came from ... to share my story.
 I know the Lord has blessed me.
 He gave me the power just to tell this story."
 The book also depicts the difficulty with which Pearson attempts to adjust to life after prison; she is fired from two jobs due to her criminal background, which drives her to return temporarily to drug dealing.
 During an interview about the book, she said, "Every time I turned around, they kept firing me, so where else could I turn to?
 The streets never let you down.
 That's sad to say, but what (was) I supposed to be, starving?
 Go to a shelter?"
