A Reserve Good Conduct Medal refers to any one of the five military conduct awards which are issued by the United States Armed Forces to enlisted members of the Reserve and National Guard.
 The primary difference between the regular Good Conduct Medal and the Reserve Good Conduct Medal is that the Good Conduct Medal is only issued for active duty service while the reserve equivalent is bestowed for reserve duties such as drills, annual training, and additional active duty for either training or operational support to the active duty force or, in the case of the Army National Guard and Air National Guard, in support of Title 32 U.S.C. state active duty (SAD) such as disaster response and relief.
 To receive a Reserve Good Conduct Medal, a service member (excluding Army Reservists), must, generally, be an active member of the Reserve or National Guard and must have performed three to four years of satisfactory duty (to include drills and annual training) with such service being free of disciplinary action.
 Periods of active duty in the Active Component prior to joining the Reserve Component, full-time duty in an Active Guard and Reserve, Training and Administration of the Reserve (TAR), Full Time Support (FTS), or active duty recall or mobilization in excess of three years are not typically creditable towards the Reserve Good Conduct Medal, although such periods are typically creditable for the active duty equivalent Good Conduct Medal.
 Each service has specific varying requirements.
The 62d Airlift Wing (62 AW) is a wing of the United States Air Force stationed at Joint Base Lewis–McChord, Washington.
 It is assigned to the Eighteenth Air Force of Air Mobility Command and is active duty host wing on McChord.
 The wing is composed of more than 2,200 active duty military and civilian personnel.
 It is tasked with supporting worldwide combat and humanitarian airlift contingencies.
 Aircraft of the 62d fly around the world, conducting airdrop training; it also carries out the Antarctic resupply missions.
The 403d Wing is a unit of the United States Air Force assigned to the Air Force Reserve Command.
 It is located at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi and employs a military manning authorization of more than 1,400 reservists, including some 250 full-time air reserve technicians.
 It also controls an active duty associate airlift squadron consisting of active duty regular Air Force personnel integrated into the operations of its reserve airlift squadron.
The New Sannō Hotel or New Sannō U.S. Force Center is located in downtown Tokyo.
 It offers a swimming pool, recreational facilities, a Navy Exchange, and other services designed for military travelers.
 The hotel is regulated and controlled by the U.S.–Japan Status of Forces Agreement.
 In addition to active duty and retired U.S. military personnel eligible to use other Armed Forces Recreation Centers, DoD civilian employees duty stationing in Japan, contractors on DoD orders to execute contracts for the U.S. armed forces stationed in Japan, U.S. Embassy Tokyo personnel and individuals administratively attached to U.S. Embassy Tokyo are eligible to use the hotel.
In July 2008 the Post-9/11 GI Bill was signed into law, creating a new robust education benefits program rivaling the WWII Era GI Bill of Rights.
 The new Post 9/11 GI Bill, which goes into effect on August 1, 2009, will provide education benefits for servicemembers who have served on active duty for 90 or more days since Sept. 10, 2001.
 These benefits are tiered based on the number of days served on active duty, creating a benefit package that gives current and previously activated National Guard and Reserve members the same benefits as active duty servicemembers.
Jase Daniels (born Jason Daniel Knight, July 18, 1982) is a former United States Navy Hebrew linguist who was discharged from the military twice under the policy known as "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" (DADT).
 Daniels served from 2001–2005 and again from 2006-2007.
 After coming out in "Stars and Stripes", a newspaper published under the sponsorship of the U.S. Department of Defense, Daniels challenged the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy that forbade gay and lesbian service members from serving openly.
 His case attracted attention in such major U.S. media outlets as "Newsweek" and the "New York Times".
 Daniels returned to active duty in the United States Navy on December 12, 2011, and is believed to be one of the first servicemembers, and perhaps the first, to return to active duty following the end of restrictions on service by openly gay and lesbian servicemembers in the U.S. Armed Forces.
Major Iván Castro (born 1967) is a U.S. Army officer who has continued serving on active duty in the Special Forces despite losing his eyesight.
 He is one of three blind active duty officers who serves in the U.S. Army and the only blind officer serving in the United States Army Special Forces.
 Castro currently serves on active duty at the Special Operations Recruiting Battalion as the Assistant Operations Officer /Total Army Involvement Recruiting Coordinator.
 He is an advocate of rehabilitation, employment and education for wounded warriors and participates in various races and marathons as a contestant.
Mark E. Ferguson III (born October 30, 1956) is a retired United States Navy admiral who last served as Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Europe, and concurrently served as Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Africa and Commander, Allied Joint Force Command Naples.
 Admiral Ferguson previously served as the 37th Vice Chief of Naval Operations from August 22, 2011 to July 1, 2014.
 Prior to that, he served as the 55th Chief of Naval Personnel (CNP) and concurrently served as the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations (Manpower, Personnel, Training & Education).
 He also served as Chief of Legislative Affairs and Assistant Commander for Distribution, Navy Personnel Command.
 He retired from active duty on July 1, 2016.
Marine Corps Total Force System (MCTFS) is the integrated pay and personnel system for active duty and reserve Marines, and the authoritative source of data for all Marine Corps (MC) pay and personnel information consisting of over 550,000 records.
 MCTFS has been successfully fielded and is currently in its post deployment system support phase of its lifecycle.
 MCTFS supports centralized business-critical pay functions for the Marine Corps Enterprise on time and accurately, including computation and payment of net pay to individual Marines, while accommodating all necessary system change requests to meet current legislative, regulatory, mission essential, force reset, and contingency change requirements.
 MCTFS is maintained in an audit compliant state to ensure accurate financial transactions and reporting.
 MCTFS includes a comprehensive history of pay entitlements, deductions, and payments for each active duty and reserve Marine.
 The principle advocate within the Marine Corps is the Deputy Commandant, Manpower and Reserve Affairs.
The Pakistan Marines (Urdu: ); English IPA: pɑkʰ məriːniz (or/ simply Marines Urdu: سمندریوں‎ ); reporting name PM), is an expeditionary and naval warfare uniform service branch of the Pakistan Navy that consists of active duty, high-ranking officers and other personnel of the Navy.
 The Pakistan Marines are responsible for providing force projection from the sea, using the mobility of the Pakistan Navy to rapidly deliver combined-arms task forces.
 Established in 1990, it is estimated to comprise about 2,000 active-duty personnel from the Navy, with plans to grow to brigade strength by 2015.
