Skol was initially created to be a global beer brand.
 Allied Breweries (UK), Labatt (Canada), Pripps-Bryggerierna (Sweden) and Unibra (Belgium) formed a new company called Skol International in 1964.
 Its aim was the creation of a worldwide beer brand, Skol, which could be licensed, manufactured and marketed across the world.
 In the late 1960s, it was heavily advertised on Radio Veronica as Skol International, with an advertising jingle sung by Patrica Paay, later a very successful Dutch pop singer and TV presenter.
 Since then participation in the company has changed significantly.
Hilliard's Beer is a brewery in Seattle, Washington, US.
 It opened on October 7, 2011 in a building constructed in 1947 within the Ballard neighborhood.
 The company is the namesake of Ryan Hilliard, a self-described home brewer gone pro.
 To open the brewery, Hilliard stepped away from a career as a flight instructor.
 Hilliard's was one of the first craft breweries in Washington to focus on producing beer in aluminum cans.
 Packaging beer in cans was an important part of the original Hilliard's Beer business plan: better for the beer's longevity, better for business operation sustainability and better for the environment.
 The brewing philosophy of Hilliard's Beer is 'keep it simple' with a focus on quality ingredients.
 This philosophy is displayed in their cans' design, created by Seattle's own design company, Mint.
 Hilliard's Beer is described as a "retro cool beer brand that embraces good design".
Snow beer (simplified Chinese: 雪花啤酒, literally "Snowflake beer") is a lager beer from China.
 It is brewed by CR Snow, that (until October 2016) was a joint venture between SABMiller and China Resources Enterprises.
 When Snow was first released in 1993 it was produced by three breweries.
 As of 2014, CRSB is the largest brewing company in China with over 90 breweries across the country, brewing more than 100 million hectolitres of Snow every year.
 Snow beer is the best-selling beer brand in the world, despite largely being sold only in China.
Tusker is a beer brand owned by East African Breweries, with over 700,000 hectolitres being sold in Kenya per year.
 It is also the largest African beer brand in the Diageo group.
 It is a 4.2% ABV pale lager.
 The beer's slogan ""Bia yangu, Nchi yangu"" means "My beer, My country" in Swahili.
A beer shop (also referred to as beershop) is a retail store where beer and other goods related to beer are sold.
 Beer shops can be found all around the world, but there are many located in famous beer countries like Belgium, Germany or England.
 Beer shops range in size, and may be located on streets or in shopping malls.
 Beer shops usually offer many different kinds of beer brands.
 Some shops offer only regional beer brands which are famous or well known in their region.
 Others also offer a big range of beer including beer brand from all around the world.
A&W Root Beer is a root beer brand primarily available in the United States and Canada, started in 1919 by Roy W. Allen.
 In 1922, Allen partnered with Frank Wright.
 They combined their initials to create the brand "A&W" and inspired a restaurant chain, founded in 1922.
 Originally, A&W root beer drinks sold for five cents.
Christian Moerlein Brewing Co. is a private beer company that began production in 1853 in Cincinnati, Ohio by German immigrant Christian Moerlein.
 Before closing its doors in 1919 as result of prohibition, Christian Moerlein was among the ten largest American breweries by volume.
 In 1981, the brand was revived by the Hudepohl Brewing Company as a "better beer" a precursor to the current craft beer category and is considered a pioneer craft beer of today's craft beer movement.
 In 1999, Hudepohl-Schoenling Brewing Co. sold out to a group of out-of-town owners, a sale that included the famed Christian Moerlein craft beer brand.
 In 2004, Greg Hardman a Cincinnati resident purchased Christian Moerlein, as well as 65 other historic Cincinnati brands, returning local ownership to Cincinnati in a move that included a plan to return Cincinnati's grand brewing traditions.
 The four phase plan was, 1) return the local ownership of Cincinnati's great beer brands to Cincinnati; 2) build their base of sales to; 3) open local brewing operations in the heart of Cincinnati's historic Brewery District and; 4) open a World-class Moerlein Lager House on the banks of the Ohio River to act as a signal that beer is back in Cincinnati.
Moritz is a brand of Spanish beer, with its headquarters on the Ronda Sant Antoni in Barcelona.
 Unlike its crosstown rival Damm, Moritz markets itself as the only beer brand in the world whose labeling is entirely in the Catalan language.
 The company was founded in 1856 by an Alsatian immigrant, Louis Moritz Trautmann.
 After ceasing production in 1978 due to the energy crises, the brand was relaunched in 2004 by Trautmann's descendents.
Banks (Barbados) Breweries Ltd. is a Caribbean brewery founded in 1961 in St. Michael, Barbados.
 The company's main brand, the Banks Beer brand is also the flagship product of the wider Banks Holdings Limited.
 ("BHL Group") which owns the Banks (Barbados) Breweries Ltd. company.
The Monarch Beverage Company Inc is a diversified, international beverage company based in Atlanta, Georgia.
 The company's CEO is Jacques Bombal.
 The company was founded in 1965 by Frank Armstrong.
 Monarch Beverage Company aimed to establish itself by offering lesser-known soft drink brands that had strong regional sales and appeal.
 Monarch Beverage Company purchased Dad's from IC Industries of Chicago in 1986.
 Around that time, it was the second largest volume (12 million cases) root beer brand and was distributed by the Coca-Cola bottler network.
 In 2007, The Dad's Root Beer Company, LLC of Jasper, Indiana, acquired the Dad's Root Beer brand as well as the rights to Bubble Up, Dr. Wells and Sun Crest in the U.S. and some other countries from The Monarch Beverage Co. of Atlanta.
