Burbank School District 111 is an elementary school district located in Burbank, a Chicago suburb just south of Chicago Midway International Airport in Cook County, Illinois.
 There are seven elementary schools in District 111.
 They are all kindergarten through sixth grade and located within the city of Burbank.
 The elementary schools are: Luther Burbank Elementary School under direction of principal Robert Mocek, principal Marian Stockhausen's Richard Byrd Elementary School, Jacqueline Kennedy Elementary School under direction of principal Charles Roza, principal Mark Antkiewicz's Rosa Maddock Elementary School, principal Patricia Donaghue's Frances McCord Elementary School, principal Mary Anne Sheehan's Edward J. Tobin Elementary School, which was reopened in 2007 after being rebuilt, and principal Mary Rein's Harry Fry Elementary School, which closed after the 2003-2004 school year and reopened during the 2009-2010 school year.
 Graduates from all these elementary schools move on to Liberty Junior High School, which is under direction of principal Jim Martin.
 The district superintendent is Carol Kunst.
Village School (also known as VS) is an American long-established public alternative school.
 It is a member of Coalition of Essential Schools and is located in the village of Great Neck, New York, serving students in grades 8 through 12.
 Village School is one of three high schools in the Great Neck School District, which includes Great Neck North High School and Great Neck South High School.
 Village School offers its 39 students an outdoor education program, college preparatory program, and inclusion of students with disabilities.
Jasper County Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district based in Jasper County's county seat of Newton, Illinois; it is the only school district in the county and is, consequently, the main educational body in all of Jasper County, although it serves portions of Effingham County and Cumberland County as well.
 This school district is composed of six schools in total; four elementary schools, one junior high school, and one high school.
 There is also a prekindergarten program run at the high school of the district should parents wish to enroll their children early.
 Willow Hill Elementary School, which is located in the village of its namesake, serves only kindergarteners; its proximity to the county seat and central position in the county allows its students to dawn from all parts of the county and still have easy access to the elementary school they will attend.
 The principal of Willow Hill is Dave Parker.
 Grove Elementary School is located in Island Grove, Illinois, the highest point of elevation in the county.
 Grove Elementary School educates students from kindergarten to grade six, and it runs a prekindergarten program as well.
 Craig Carr is the principal of this school.
 Ste. Marie Elementary School is located in the southern Jasper County village of Ste. Marie, and serves students in grades one through six.
 The principal of Ste. Marie is David Parker, the principal of Willow Hill Elementary School.
 Newton Elementary School is located in the county seat of Newton, and serves most of west Jasper County's first through sixth graders under principal Travis Wyatt.
 The latter three elementary schools feed into Jasper County Junior High School and are taught in the facility during seventh and eighth grade while being supervised by Newton Elementary School principal Travis Wyatt before graduating into Newton Community High School.
 Students in grades nine through twelve spend their last leg of precollegiate education at this school; their principal is Ruth Kerner.
 The district superintendent is Ron Alburtus, and the district's mascot is the eagle.
Charleston Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district based in Charleston, the county seat of Coles County, Illinois; it was created through the consolidation of the charter school district it was formed from and over sixty-seven other school districts in the area.
 Charleston Community Unit School District 1 is a conglomerate of six schools, with all but one located in Charleston itself: four elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school form the makeup of the district.
 Education begins at a prekindergarten level, and those living in the Charleston area attend Mark Twain Elementary School, which prepares early youth for schooling by taking them through prekindergarten and kindergarten under the supervision of principal Terry Diss.
 Students who live in the far east reaches of Coles County may attend Ashmore Elementary School, which is based in a northeasterly village by the same name; Ashmore's distance from the other schools permits it to educate a larger range of students for the sake of efficiency.
 The school educates students from kindergarten through grade four, and also runs a prekindergarten program.
 Ashmore is also governed by Terry Diss.
 Students who graduate from Mark Twain move onwards to Carl Sandburg Elementary School, which educates those in grades one, two, and three under principal Chad Burgett.
 At Jefferson Elementary School in Charleston, the student bodies from both Carl Sandburg Elementary School and Ashmore Elementary School are consolidated.
 Students from grades four through six are taught in the facility under the supervision of principal Deborah Poffinbarger.
 District students graduating from Jefferson are moved to Charleston Middle School, where they are taught as seventh and eighth graders; the school principal here is Sandy Wilson.
 The last branch of education that Charleston's school district can provide is the education of adolescents in the grades nine through twelve at Charleston High School, which is run by principal Trevor Doughty.
 The superintendent of the schools in the district as of the 2007-08 school year was Dr. William Hill, although is considered as an interim;lastly, the mascots of the district and its middle and high schools are the Trojans, while the mascot of Jefferson Elementary School is the bulldog.
North Boone Community Unit School District 200 is a unified school district based in the central region of the county of its namesake, Boone County; more specifically, in the village of Poplar Grove, Illinois.
 Five of the six schools in the district are located here, with the other being eastwards in the village of Capron.
 The community unit school district is composed of, as previously mentioned, six schools: there are three elementary schools, two middle schools, and one high school.
 Manchester Elementary School, which serves the grades K-4 alongside Poplar Grove Elementary School, is governed by Principal Kristi Crawford; the principal of Poplar Grove Elementary School is Sharon Olds.
 Capron Elementary School, the only school in the district located in a village other than Poplar Grove, serves not only the grades K-4, but also includes a prekindergarten program.
 The current principal is Matt Klett.
 All students who graduate from one of the district elementary schools will consolidate at the fifth grade in one school, called North Boone Upper Elementary School, whose principal is Mike Greenlee;all students move on to North Boone Middle School, headed by Jeremiah Auble, which educates those in grades seven and eight.
 The last leg of education this district can provide is to those from grade nine to grade twelve; the facility is called North Boone High School, whose principal is named Jacob Hubert.
 The current superintendent is Steven Baule.
 The mascot of the district high school is the Viking.
John L. Miller Great Neck North High School or simply "North High," or "North," is a public high school, including grades 9 through 12, in the village of Great Neck, New York, operated by the Great Neck School District.
Saddle Rock Elementary School or simply "Saddle Rock" is an elementary school, comprising grades Kindergarten through 5.
 It is a public school located in Great Neck, New York, USA as part of the Great Neck School District.
 The school has been recognized by the Blue Ribbon Schools Program.
Great Neck is a region on Long Island, New York, that covers a peninsula on the North Shore of Long Island, which includes the villages of Great Neck, Great Neck Estates, Great Neck Plaza, and others, as well as an area south of the peninsula near Lake Success and the border territory of Queens.
 The incorporated village of Great Neck had a population of 9,989 at the 2010 census, while the larger Great Neck area comprises a residential community of some 40,000 people in nine villages and hamlets in the town of North Hempstead, of which Great Neck is the northwestern quadrant.
 Great Neck has five ZIP Codes (11020–11024), and one school district.
Zion Elementary School District 6 is an Illinois school district serving Zion, Lake County.
 The school district governs seven schools.
 Lakeview School is responsible for prekindergarten children, housing also the district's administrative offices.
 Beulah Park Elementary School, East Elementary School, Elmwood Elementary School, Shiloh Park Elementary School and West Elementary School serve students between kindergarten and sixth grade.
 Zion Elementary School District 6's sole middle school, Zion Central Middle School, serves the seventh and eighth grades.
West Harvey-Dixmoor Public School District 147 is an elementary school district based in the southern suburban Chicago city of Harvey, Cook County, Illinois.
 The district is composed of four schools: three are elementary schools and one is a middle school, where all schools are located in the adjacent village of Dixmoor with the exception of one elementary school located in Harvey.
 District students in living in Harvey that are in prekindergarten, kindergarten, or grades one through five attend Washington Elementary School which is directed by the principal, Dr. Earnest Taylor.
 Students of the same grades living in Dixmoor attend either Lincoln Elementary School or King Elementary School.
 The principals of the schools are, respectively, Dr. Gregory Jackson and Sandra Wells.
 All elementary schools feed into Rosa L. Parks Middle School, which is headed by principal Abigail Phillips.
 The school district's superintendent is Dr. Alex Boyd, Jr.
