Paris was the third ship of the "Courbet"-class battleship s, the first dreadnoughts built for the French Navy.
 She was completed before World War I as part of the 1911 naval building programme.
 She spent the war in the Mediterranean, spending most of 1914 providing gunfire support for the Montenegrin Army until her sister ship "Jean Bart" was torpedoed by the submarine "U-12" on 21 December.
 She spent the rest of the war providing cover for the Otranto Barrage that blockaded the Austro-Hungarian Navy in the Adriatic Sea.
USS "New Jersey" (BB-62) ("Big J" or "Black Dragon") is an "Iowa"-class battleship , and was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named after the US state of New Jersey.
 "New Jersey" earned more battle stars for combat actions than the other three completed "Iowa"-class battleships, and was the only US battleship providing gunfire support during the Vietnam War.
Tonkin Gulf Yacht Club was a tongue-in-cheek nickname for the United States Seventh Fleet during the Vietnam War.
 All through the war in Vietnam, the Seventh Fleet engaged in combat operations against enemy forces through attack carrier air strikes, naval gunfire support, amphibious operations, patrol and reconnaissance operations and mine warfare.
Operation Market Time was the United States Navy and South Vietnam’s successful effort begun in 1965 to stop the flow of troops, war material, and supplies by sea, coast, and rivers, from North Vietnam into parts of South Vietnam during the Vietnam War.
 Also participating in Operation Market Time were United States Coast Guard Squadron One and Squadron Three.
 The Coast Guard provided heavily armed 82 ft patrol boats and large cutters that included 5" cannons used in battle and gunfire support.
Jean Bart was the second ship of the "Courbet"-class battleship s, the first dreadnoughts built for the French Navy.
 She was completed before World War I as part of the 1910 naval building programme.
 She spent the war in the Mediterranean and helped to sink the Austro-Hungarian protected cruiser "Zenta" on 16 August 1914.
 She spent most of the rest of 1914 providing gunfire support for the Montenegrin Army until she was torpedoed by the submarine "U-12" on 21 December.
 Even with three compartments flooded, she was able to steam to Malta on her own for repairs that required three and a half months.
 Upon her return she spent the remainder of the war participating in the Otranto Barrage, in the Adriatic.
Naval gunfire support (NGFS) (also known as shore bombardment) is the use of naval artillery to provide fire support for amphibious assault and other troops operating within their range.
 NGFS is one of a number of disciplines encompassed by the term "Naval Fires".
 Modern naval gunfire support is one of the three main components of amphibious warfare assault operations support, along with aircraft and ship-launched land-attack missiles. Shipborne guns have been used against shore defences since the early days of naval warfare.
Starting in the 1890s, the Italian "Regia Marina" (Royal Navy) began building a series of modern battleships.
 Early designs were marked by their small size, light armor, and high speed compared to contemporary foreign counterparts.
 The first pre-dreadnought battleship design, the "Ammiraglio di Saint Bon" class , was constrained by budgetary limits imposed by the legislature.
 Two ships were ordered by the class's namesake, Admiral Simone de Pacoret Saint Bon, though the design was also influenced by Benedetto Brin, who replaced di Saint Bon as naval minister after his death.
 Brin designed the next pair of battleships, the "Regina Margherita" class .
 These ships were larger than the preceding class, and were intended to challenge the Austro-Hungarian "Habsburg"-class battleship s then under construction.
 Brin himself died during the construction process.
 Vittorio Cuniberti designed the next class of small pre-dreadnoughts, the "Regina Elena" class , which were the fastest battleships in the world at the time of their completion.
 These ships all served in the Italo-Turkish War of 1911–12, where they were primarily used to provide naval gunfire support for the Italian ground troops, as the Ottoman Navy largely confined itself to port.
Kirov (Russian: Киров ; ] ) was a Project 26 "Kirov"-class cruiser of the Soviet Navy that served during the Winter War, World War II and into the Cold War.
 She attempted to bombard Finnish coast defense guns during action in the Winter War, but was driven off by a number of near misses that damaged her.
 She led the Evacuation of Tallinn at the end of August 1941, before being blockaded in Leningrad where she could only provide gunfire support during the Siege of Leningrad.
 She bombarded Finnish positions during the Vyborg–Petrozavodsk Offensive in mid-1944, but played no further part in the war.
 "Kirov" was reclassified as a training cruiser on 2 August 1961 and sold for scrap on 22 February 1974.
The United States naval gunfire support debate is an ongoing debate among the United States Navy, Marine Corps, Congress, and independent groups like the "United States Naval Gunfire Support Association" over what role naval gunfire support and naval surface fire support (NSFS) should play within the navy and how such a role can best be provided.
 At the heart of the issue is the role that naval gunfire support—the use of naval artillery to provide fire support for amphibious assault and other troops operating within their range—should play in the U.S. Navy of the 21st century.
USS "Trippe" (FF-1075) was a "Knox"-class frigate of the US Navy, built at Westwego, Louisiana, was commissioned in mid-September 1970.
 In July 1971, following shakedown training in the Caribbean area and a surveillance mission off Haiti, she entered the Boston Naval Shipyard for overhaul and installation of the Basic Point Defense Missile System, which featured short-range "Sea Sparrow" guided missiles in an eight-round launcher on her afterdeck.
 "Trippe" was the Navy's first destroyer-type ship to receive this later-widespread contribution to shipboard protection against air and missile attack.
 The first months of 1972 were spent testing her new weapons and participating in exercises.
 In June the ship passed through the Panama Canal en route to Southeast Asian waters, where she provided Vietnam War aircraft carrier escort and naval gunfire support services during July and August.
 "Trippe" then went to the Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf areas, visiting many ports in a region that would see increasing U.S. Navy activity in the coming decades.
 She returned to the U.S. East Coast in December 1972, after a deployment that had taken her completely around the World.
