Seth Brooks Binzer (born August 23, 1974), better known by his stage name Shifty Shellshock, is an American music artist, best known for being a co-founder and front man of the rap rock band Crazy Town, and their hit song "Butterfly".
 He has also had a solo music career and appeared in the reality television series "Celebrity Rehab" 1 and 2 and "Sober House" 1 and 2.
Home is the debut solo studio album by the American artist Carrie Akre.
Goodness was an American rock band from Seattle, Washington, led by Carrie Akre, formerly of Hammerbox and now primarily a solo artist.
 Goodness featured Akre (vocals), Danny Newcomb (lead guitar), Garth Reeves (guitar), Fiia McGann (bass), and Chris Friel (drums).
 Akre, Friel, and Newcomb later joined Mike McCready of Pearl Jam and Rick Friel to form the rock band The Rockfords.
...Last the Evening is the third solo studio album by the American artist Carrie Akre.
"Starry Eyed Surprise" is a song produced by Paul Oakenfold.
 It was released in July 2002 as the second single from his album "Bunkka".
 It features vocals by Shifty Shellshock of Crazy Town.
 It was later included on Shifty Shellshock's 2004 album "Happy Love Sick", and Oakenfold's 2007 album "Greatest Hits & Remixes, Vol.
 1".
Invitation is the second solo studio album by the American artist Carrie Akre.
Carrie Akre (born September 24, 1966) is an American musician best known for her work with Seattle underground bands Hammerbox and Goodness.
Happy Love Sick is the debut solo album by Shifty Shellshock who is best known as frontman of rap rock band Crazy Town.
 The album includes the original singles "Slide Along Side" and "Turning Me On".
 The single "Starry Eyed Surprise", a collaboration between Paul Oakenfold and Shellshock that was originally released in 2002 on Oakenfold's album "Bunkka", also appears on this CD.
The Rockfords were an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1999 by Carrie Akre, Chris Friel, and Danny Newcomb of Goodness, Mike McCready of Pearl Jam, and Rick Friel of Jodie Watts.
 The group served as a side project for its members, who had already tasted success with their respective bands.
"Slide Along Side" is a song recorded by Shifty Shellshock.
 It was released in June 2004 as the lead single from his debut album "Happy Love Sick".
