Mario Martinez (born 1953) is a contemporary abstract painter.
 He is a Native American artist who is a member of the Pascua Yaqui Tribe from New Penjamo (in Scottsdale), the smallest of six Yaqui settlements, in Arizona.
 He currently lives in New York City.
 Martinez received his bachelor's degree from School of Art, Arizona State University in Tempe and his MFA from the San Francisco Art Institute.
 His work has been exhibited in 2005 in a one-person retrospective at the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian in New York.
 Notable group exhibitions include: "Who Stole the Tee Pee?"
 at the National Museum of the American Indian, New York; "AlieNation" at the American Indian Community House Gallery.
 His work was recently shown at "IN/SIGHT 2010" at Chelsea Art Museum, New York and "The Importance of IN/VISIBILITY" at Abrazo Interno Gallery, New York, 2009.
 In 2002 Martinez was one of the first non-Japanese artists to be invited to exhibit at the Contemporary Artists Federation Group Show at the Museum of Modern Art, Saitama, Japan.
 In 2000, he was a visiting professor of art at the University of Arizona in Tucson, and in 2001 he received the Native Artist in Residence Fellowship from the National Museum of the American Indian.
 In 2005, Martinez completed a commission for the Heard Museum in Phoenix, Arizona; a 22-foot mural called "Sonoran Desert: Yaqui Home" as part of "Home: Desert Peoples in the Southwest" exhibition.
 Martinez will be featured in a solo exhibition at Mesa Contemporary Arts in Mesa, Arizona opening September 10, 2010.
Imperial War Museums (IWM) is a British national museum organisation with branches at five locations in England, three of which are in London.
 Founded as the Imperial War Museum in 1917, the museum was intended to record the civil and military war effort and sacrifice of Britain and its Empire during the First World War.
 The museum's remit has since expanded to include all conflicts in which British or Commonwealth forces have been involved since 1914.
 As of 2012, the museum aims "to provide for, and to encourage, the study and understanding of the history of modern war and 'wartime experience'".
The National Museum in Kraków (Polish: "Muzeum Narodowe w Krakowie" ), popularly abbreviated as MNK, established in 1879, is the main branch of Poland's National Museum, which has several independent branches with permanent collections around the country.
 The Museum consists of 21 departments which are divided by art period; 11 galleries, 2 libraries, and 12 conservation workshops.
 It holds some 780,000 art objects, spanning from classical archeology to modern art, with special focus on Polish painting.
<ref name="culture.pl/muzea"> </ref><ref name="muzeum/Zbiory"> </ref>
"National Museum of Poland" is the common name for several of the country's largest and most notable museums. Poland's National Museum comprises several independent branches, each operating a number of smaller museums.
 The main branch is the National Museum in Kraków (Polish: "Muzeum Narodowe w Krakowie" ), established in 1879 with permanent collections consisting of several hundred thousand items – kept in big part at the Main Building (along the 3 Maja St.), but also in the eight of its divisions around the city.
The Imperial War Museum is a British national museum organisation with branches at five locations in England.
Lenox Hill Neighborhood House (the “Neighborhood House”) is a multi-service community-based organization that serves people in need on the East Side of Manhattan and on Roosevelt Island.
 Founded in 1894 as a free kindergarten for the children of indigent immigrants and as one of the first settlement houses in the nation, Lenox Hill Neighborhood House is the oldest and largest provider of social, legal and educational services on Manhattan’s Upper East Side.
 Each year, they assist thousands of individuals and families who range in age from 3 to 103, represent dozens of races, ethnicities and countries of origin and "live, work, go to school or access services" on the East Side from 14th Street to 143rd Street and on Roosevelt Island.
 Their clients include indigent families and the working poor who live in the East Side's housing projects and tenements or who travel to the Upper East Side to work in low-wage jobs such as cashiers, housekeepers, nannies and laborers; 10,000 seniors; and hundreds of mentally ill homeless and formerly homeless adults.
 They have five locations between 54th and 102nd Streets, offer programs at dozens of East Side locations; their headquarters is located on East 70th Street.
British National Bibliography (BNB) was established to publish a list of the books, journals and serials that are published in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland.
 It also includes information on forthcoming titles.
 New books and serials have been recorded in the British National Bibliography (BNB) since 1950.
 The British National Bibliography was first established at the British Museum.
 This is the single most comprehensive listing of UK titles.
 UK and Irish publishers are obliged by legal deposit to send a copy of all new publications, including serial titles to BNB for listing.
 The BNB publish the list weekly in electronic form: the last printed weekly list appeared in December 2011.
Jeonju National Museum is a national museum located in Jeonju, Jeollabuk-do, South Korea.
 It opened on October 26, 1990 as the ninth South Korean national museum.
The Croatian Natural History Museum (Croatian: "Hrvatski prirodoslovni muzej" ) is the oldest and biggest natural history museum and the main body for natural history research, preservation and collection in Croatia.
 Located on Dimitrije Demeter Street in Gornji Grad, one of the oldest neighbourhoods of the Croatian capital Zagreb, it owns one of the biggest museum collections in Croatia, with over 2 million artefacts, including over 1.1 million animal specimens.
 It was founded in 1846 as the "National Museum".
 The National Museum was later split up into five museums, three of which were in 1986 merged as departments of the newly named Croatian Natural History Museum.
 The museum contains a large scientific library open to the public, and publishes the first Croatian natural history scientific journal, "Natura Croatica".
Canadian NORAD Region (CANR) Forward Operating Locations (FOLs) were created under the North American Air Defence Modernization (NAADM) program authorized at the Shamrock Summit held in Quebec City on March 18, 1985.
 The locations are maintained by the Canadian Department of National Defence.
 The NAADM program was authorized by the Canada-United States Memorandum of Understanding signed by Prime Minister Mulroney and Ronald Reagan at the summit.
 The purpose of these upgraded facilities was to ensure adequate facilities existed for NORAD to defend the Northern Canadian frontier.
 Accommodations for up to six fighters in hangars were built, space for up to 200 support personnel, and storage facilities.
 Five locations were originally investigated, but only four locations were built.
