Jerry Ray Lucas (born March 30, 1940) is an American former basketball player and memory education expert.
 He was a nationally-awarded high school player, national college star at Ohio State, and 1960 gold medal Olympian and international player before starring as a professional player in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 As a collegian, Lucas led the Ohio State Buckeyes to the 1960 college national championship and three straight NCAA finals.
 He remains today the only three-time Big Ten Player of the Year, and was also twice named NCAA Player of the Year.
 As a professional, Lucas was named All-NBA First Team three times, a NBA All-Star seven times, was 1964 NBA Rookie of the Year, and was named Most Valuable Player of the 1965 NBA All-Star Game among other honors and awards.
 He was inducted to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1980.
Curt "Trouble" Smith (born 1971) is an American former basketball player best known as a streetball legend in the Washington, D.C. and Maryland areas.
 He played college basketball at Compton College and then Drake University.
 While at Drake, Smith was named the Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year as a junior in 1992–93.
Richard "Richie" Garner (born in Mount Vernon, New York) is an American former basketball player who is best known for his NCAA Division I career at Manhattan College.
 Garner played for the Jaspers between 1968–69 and 1971–72.
 During his four-year career, he scored over 1,000 points, has a career shooting percentage of better than .500, and set a since-broken single season school record 121 assists in 1970–71.
 Garner was the first player from Manhattan College to win the Haggerty Award, an annual award presented to the best male collegiate basketball player in the greater New York City area since 1935–36.
 He earned it as a senior and was the co-recipient with Fordham's Tom Sullivan.
Jason David Williams (born September 10, 1981) is an American former basketball player and current college basketball analyst.
 He played college basketball for the Duke University Blue Devils and professionally for the Chicago Bulls in the NBA.
 He last signed with the Austin Toros of the NBA Development League, but was waived by the Toros on December 30, 2006 due to lingering physical effects from a 2003 motorcycle accident.
 Although he had been known as Jason, he asked to be called Jay on joining the Bulls in 2002, to avoid confusion with two other players in the NBA at the time, Jason Williams and Jayson Williams.
Eduardo Portela Marín (born 1934 in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain) is a Spanish former basketball player, former basketball coach, and basketball executive.
 He is the former head of the ACB, the governing body of the top-tier level Spanish professional club basketball league, and the former head of ULEB, the Union of European Leagues of Basketball.
Delray Brooks (October 24, 1965) is an American basketball coach and former basketball player.
 Brooks was an Indiana high school basketball star who was named both 1984 Co-Indiana Mr. Basketball and 1984 USA Today Player of the Year.
 After high school, he first attended Indiana University to play basketball for Bobby Knight.
 When he didn't fit into the team plans as he had hoped he transferred to play for Rick Pitino at Providence College, where the team was one of the most successful in school history.
 As a professional player, his career floundered in various leagues before he began coaching basketball as an assistant for Pitino at the University of Kentucky.
 He reached the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship final four as both a player and assistant coach.
 When Pitino left for the NBA, he moved on to a head coaching position at the University of Texas-Pan American.
 He was eventually caught up in a scandal and fired.
 He has since coached various high school teams.
 , he is the head coach for the men's basketball team at Clay High School.
Mike Edwards (born early 1950s) is an American former basketball player best known for his high school and collegiate careers in the United States rather than his professional career in Mexico.
 He played for the University of Tennessee between 1970–71 and 1972–73 and was named the 1972 co-Southeastern Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year.
 He has been enshrined in the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame as part of its Class of 2003, and in February 2009 was chosen to the Tennessee All-Century Team, commemorating the greatest 20 players in program history.
Von McDade (born June 7, 1967) is an American former basketball player.
 He played college basketball for the Oklahoma State Cowboys and Milwaukee Panthers basketball teams.
 In 1991, he was third in the nation among college basketball players in points per game, with an average of 29.6.
 He was drafted in the second round of the 1991 NBA draft by the New Jersey Nets, but he did not play in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Ricard Rubio i Vives (born October 21, 1990) is a Spanish professional basketball player for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Rubio became the youngest player ever to play in the Spanish ACB League on October 15, 2005, at age 14.
 He made his EuroLeague debut on October 24, 2006, at age 16, becoming the first player born in the 1990s to play in a EuroLeague game.
 He is the fifth-youngest player to make their debut in the EuroLeague.
 On June 25, 2009, he was drafted with the fifth pick in the first round of the 2009 NBA draft by the Timberwolves, making him the first player born in the 1990s to be drafted by the NBA.
 The Timberwolves had an agreement in principle with his former Spanish team, DKV Joventut, to buy out his contract, but Rubio backed out of the deal.
 On August 31, 2009, Joventut traded the rights to Rubio to FC Barcelona, and Rubio signed a six-year contract with FC Barcelona the following day.
 In 2011, Rubio joined the Minnesota Timberwolves, and spent six seasons in Minnesota before being traded to the Jazz in June 2017.
The 2000–01 NBA season was the Timberwolves' 12th season in the National Basketball Association.
 After the death of Malik Sealy, the Timberwolves scrambled to find a replacement for him, signing free agent Chauncey Billups, a close friend of Kevin Garnett while signing LaPhonso Ellis.
 Meanwhile, the Timberwolves secret free agent deal signed by Joe Smith was voided by the NBA, who ruled their proper procedure in signing the contract, while stripping their first round draft picks for the next five seasons and fined $3.5 million.
 Smith would sign with the Detroit Pistons, and the Timberwolves' owner Glen Taylor, and vice president Kevin McHale were both suspended for one year.
 Despite the troubles, the Timberwolves posted an 11-game winning streak midway through the season, and finished fourth in the Midwest Division with a 47–35 record, with Garnett being selected for the 2001 NBA All-Star Game.
