An Erotic thriller is a film genre defined by a thriller with a thematic basis in illicit romance or erotic fantasy.
 Though most erotic thrillers contain scenes of softcore sex, the frequency and explicitness of those scenes varies.
 If a film is a thriller with scenes of softcore sex or nudity, it is probably not an erotic thriller unless illicit romance or erotic fantasy is central to the dramatic conflict, as in "Body Heat", "Fatal Attraction", and "Night Eyes 3".
 Many crime thrillers, action films, and slasher films contain softcore sex and/or nudity but are not erotic thrillers.
 Likewise, if a film is not identifiably a thriller, it is probably not an erotic thriller but simply a work of softcore erotica or perhaps even erotic melodrama.
Wild Things is a 1998 American erotic thriller film directed by John McNaughton, and stars Matt Dillon, Neve Campbell, Kevin Bacon, Denise Richards and Theresa Russell.
Wild Things: Foursome is a 2010 erotic thriller film directed by Andy Hurst and stars Jillian Murray, Marnette Patterson, Ashley Parker Angel and John Schneider.
 It is a sequel to "" (2005) and the fourth and final film in the "Wild Things" series.
Jennifer Taylor (née Bini, and sometimes credited as Jennifer Bini Taylor; born April 19, 1972) is an American actress, best known for her role as Chelsea Melini on CBS sitcom "Two and a Half Men", and earlier, for three other female roles on the show.
 She appeared in the 1998 erotic thriller "Wild Things".
 One of her earliest roles as a female lead was in a television series in the role of the character Laura in the short-lived television drama "Miami Sands".
The Washington Wild Things are a professional baseball team based in the Pittsburgh suburb of Washington, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 The Wild Things are a member of the East Division of the Frontier League, an independent baseball league which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball.
 From the 2002 season to the present, the Wild Things have played their home games at Wild Things Park.
Zombie Night 2: Awakening is a 2006 Canadian horror film directed by David J. Francis.
 It is a conceptual sequel to "Zombie Night".
 It was followed in 2008 by "Reel Zombies".
Wild Things: Diamonds in the Rough (also known as Wild Things 3) is a 2005 erotic thriller film directed by Jay Lowi and stars Sandra McCoy, Serah D'Laine, Linden Ashby, Dina Meyer and Brad Johnson.
 It is a sequel to "Wild Things 2" (2004) and the third film in the "Wild Things" series.
Wild Things 2 is a 2004 erotic thriller film directed by Jack Perez and stars Susan Ward, Leila Arcieri, Isaiah Washington and Linden Ashby.
 It is a sequel to "Wild Things" (1998) and the second film in the "Wild Things" series.
Wild Things Park is a 3,200-seat multi-purpose baseball stadium in North Franklin Township, a suburb of Washington, Pennsylvania.
 It hosted its first regular season baseball game on May 29, 2002, as the primary tenants of the facility, the Washington Wild Things, lost to the Canton Coyotes, 3-0.
 The ballpark also hosts the California University of Pennsylvania Vulcans baseball team.
 It was the home of the Pennsylvania Rebellion of the National Pro Fastpitch, a women's professional softball league, until 2017 when the team folded.
 It also hosts Trinity High School's baseball team and the WPIAL Baseball Championships.
 It was briefly the home of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds soccer club (who now play at Highmark Stadium) during the 2005 and 2006 seasons.
 Wild Things Park is located near Interstate 70 and is notable for including a hot tub in the viewing stands.
 ProGrass Synthetic Turf was installed in the fall of 2010.
The Wild Things is a 2009 full-length novel written by Dave Eggers and published by McSweeney's.
 The book is based on the screenplay of "Where the Wild Things Are" which Eggers co-wrote.
 The film is, in turn, based on Maurice Sendak's children's book "Where the Wild Things Are".
