Mattituck-Cutchogue Union Free School District is a public school district located on the North Fork of Long Island, in Suffolk County, New York, United States.
 It primarily serves the western part of the Town of Southold, as well as a small portion of the Town of Riverhead, and includes the census-designated places of Mattituck, Cutchogue and Laurel, and portions of Jamesport and Peconic.
 To the east, the district is bordered by the Southold Union Free School District; and on the west, the Riverhead Central School District.
Syosset is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County, New York, United States, in the northeastern section of the Town of Oyster Bay, on the North Shore of Long Island.
 Syosset is an affluent upper middle class community, served by the Syosset railroad station, the Syosset Post Office, the Syosset Central School District, the Syosset Public Library, the Syosset Fire Department, and the Jericho Water District.
 The population was 18,829 at the 2010 census.
Jericho Union Free School District (or Jericho UFSD) is an American School district in Jericho, New York.
 It began in 1959 with the completion of Jericho High School.
 The district contains three elementary schools, one middle school and one high school.
 The current Superintendent of Schools is Henry L. Grishman.
Greenport Union Free School District is a public school district located on the North Fork of Long Island, in the Town of Southold, Suffolk County, New York, United States.
 It includes the village of Greenport, as well as the census-designated place(CDP) of Greenport West.
 To the west, the district is bordered by the Southold Union Free School District; and on the east, the Oysterponds Union Free School District.
Hauppauge High School is a public high school and part of the Hauppauge Union Free School District located in Hauppauge, Suffolk County, Long Island, New York.
Jericho is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County, New York on the North Shore of Long Island.
 As of the United States 2010 Census, the CDP population was 13,567.
 The area is served by the Jericho Union Free School District and the Syosset Central School District, the boundaries of which differ somewhat from those of the hamlet.
 The boundaries of the Jericho Post Office vary from both the hamlet and the school district boundaries, notably the inclusion of a portion of Jericho in the Westbury zip code, and the inclusion of a portion of Syosset in the Jericho zip code.
 Also, Jericho is located approximately 29 miles (47 km) east of Midtown Manhattan.
 Direct service is available by driving west on the Long Island Expressway or one can take the Long Island Rail Road from nearby Hicksville or Syosset train station.
Hauppauge Union Free School District is a school district based in Hauppauge, New York.
 It is near the Commack School District and Half Hollow Hills Central School District, as well as the Syosset Central School District and Jericho Union Free School District in Nassau County
Half Hollow Hills Central School District (#5) is located in parts of Dix Hills and Melville, New York, as well as small parts of Wyandanch, Deer Park, West Hills, and Wheatley Heights.
 The district includes parts of both Huntington and Babylon townships.
 The school district comprises nine schools (five elementary, two middle, and two high schools).
Southold Union Free School District is a public school district located on the North Fork of Long Island, in Suffolk County, New York, United States.
 It serves the central portion of the Town of Southold, including the majority of the census-designated place(CDP) of Southold, as well as the eastern portion of the CDP of Peconic.
 To the east, the district is bordered by the Greenport Union Free School District; and on the west, the Mattituck-Cutchogue Union Free School District.
Oysterponds Union Free School District is a public school district located in the Town of Southold Suffolk County, New York, United States.
 It is the easternmost school district on the North Fork of Long Island.
 The district includes the census-designated places(CDPs) of East Marion and Orient.
 To the west, the district is bordered by the Greenport Union Free School District.
