Mulk Raj Anand (12 December 1905 – 28 September 2004) was an Indian writer in English, notable for his depiction of the lives of the poorer castes in traditional Indian society.
 One of the pioneers of Indo-Anglian fiction, he, together with R. K. Narayan, Ahmad Ali and Raja Rao, was one of the first India-based writers in English to gain an international readership.
 Anand is admired for his novels and short stories, which have acquired the status of being classic works of modern Indian English literature, noted for their perceptive insight into the lives of the oppressed and their analyses of impoverishment, exploitation and misfortune.
 He is also notable for being among the first writers to incorporate Punjabi and Hindustani idioms into English and was a recipient of the civilian honour of the Padma Bhushan.
The Boo was the first book by writer Pat Conroy.
 Written when Conroy was newly graduated (1967) from The Citadel in 1970, it is a collection of letters, short stories, and anecdotes about Lt. Colonel Thomas "The Boo" Courvoisie.
 As Commandant of Cadets at the Citadel, Courvoisie was a friend and father figure to many of the college's cadets, including Conroy.
My Losing Season is a memoir by Pat Conroy.
 It primarily deals with his senior season as the starting point guard on the basketball team of The Citadel in 1966–67.
 Conroy describes his tumultuous relationship with his coach, Mel Thompson, as well as the harsh, malevolent, male-dominated society of The Citadel.
 Pat Conroy tells the story using flashbacks going back to his rough childhood where he remembers growing up with a tough father.
 He describes one memory when his mother tried to stab his father with a butcher knife and his father backhanded her and started laughing.
 The book also deals with the team's experience of losing.
 In his final season, his team finished with an 8–17 record.
Aaron Swartz is a British actor and theatre and film director who has appeared in plays, movies, commercials and television series in the United States and Europe.
 His first film appearance was in "The Lords of Discipline", a 1983 film adaptation of the Pat Conroy novel; Swartz played a senior at an American military academy.
 In 1994, he played Cutter, the lead role in the video game "".
 He appeared in 25 episodes of the documentary series "I Shouldn't Be Alive" (2010–2012) and has directed two films that were sold to the BBC.
 He stars in the film (2015).
Moorthy is the protagonist of Raja Rao's novel "Kanthapura", which records the influence of Mahatma Gandhi's ideals on Kanthapura, a remote fictional village in South India, during the years of the Indian independence movement.
 It has been suggested that Moorthy is a stand-in for Rao himself.
Mel Thompson (October 5, 1932 – February 5, 2009) was an American college basketball player and coach.
 He was the head coach at The Citadel from 1960 to 1967 and is perhaps most notable as Pat Conroy's coach at the school during the season memorialized in Conroy's memoir "My Losing Season".
Raja Rao (8 November 1908 – 8 July 2006) was an Indian writer of English-language novels and short stories, whose works are deeply rooted in Metaphysics.
 "The Serpent and the Rope" (1960), a semi-autobiographical novel recounting a search for spiritual truth in Europe and India, established him as one of the finest Indian prose stylists and won him the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1964.
 For the entire body of his work, Rao was awarded the Neustadt International Prize for Literature in 1988.
 Rao's wide-ranging body of work, spanning a number of genres, is seen as a varied and significant contribution to Indian English literature, as well as World literature as a whole.
The Prince of Tides is a 1991 American romantic drama film based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Pat Conroy; the film stars Barbra Streisand and Nick Nolte.
 It tells the story of the narrator's struggle to overcome the psychological damage inflicted by his dysfunctional childhood in South Carolina.
 Streisand directed and produced the film in addition to starring in it.
 Conroy and Becky Johnston adapted the screenplay.
Donald "The Great Santini" Conroy (April 4, 1921 – May 9, 1998) was a United States Marine Corps colonel and a member of the famed Black Sheep Squadron during the Korean War.
 He was also a veteran of World War II and of two tours of duty in Vietnam.
 He is best known for being the inspiration for the character LtCol.
 "Bull" Meecham in "The Great Santini" which was written by his son Pat Conroy.
Donald Patrick "Pat" Conroy (October 26, 1945 – March 4, 2016) was an American author who wrote several acclaimed novels and memoirs. Two of his novels, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Great Santini", were made into Oscar-nominated films.
 He is recognized as a leading figure of late-20th century Southern literature.
