"Loving You" is a song by Filipino singer Nina from her 2002 debut album "Heaven".
 It was released as the album's fourth and final commercial single in the Philippines in October 2003 by Warner Music Philippines.
 The song was written by Gerry Paraiso, and produced by Ferdie Marquez.
 It is a pop-ballad love song, originally recorded by the late Ric Segreto.
 The song was released after the commercial success of Nina's slow-tempo acoustic singles, and was slightly altered in the studio as a Radio Edit version for official release.
All Good is the seventh studio album by Filipina singer Nina, released in the Philippines on January 23, 2013 by Viva Records.
 The album release was accompanied by the singer's comeback major concert at the Music Museum entitled Nina Reborn.
 In May 2012, Nina announced her transfer to Viva right after the expiration of her contract with Universal where she released one album, "Stay Alive," expressing her disappointment with the label for not promoting the album despite positive reception.
 She later revealed working on a studio album which will have original songs and some covers. "All Good" consists of songs that were written by famous OPM composer Vehnee Saturno, 2013 Himig Handog runner-up Marion Aunor, Filipino boyband XLR8-member MJ Magno, and American songwriter Lori Barth.
"2nd Floor" is a song by Filipino singer Nina from her 2002 debut album "Heaven".
 It was released to radio in December 2002 by Warner Music Philippines as the album's first promo single in lieu of the album's release in the Philippines.
 The song was written by Arnie Mendaros, and produced by Neil Gregorio.
 As soon as Nina sent her demo to Warner and immediately got a contract with the label, production for her first album began.
 "2nd Floor" became one of the first OPM songs to feature Taglish lyrics and a pop-R&B arrangement.
 Nina's whistle register is very evident on the song.
"Araw Mo" (English: "Your Day") is a birthday song by Filipino singer Nina.
 It was released by Warner Music Philippines in June 2006.
 The song was written by Juan Ariel Coma, and produced by Neil Gregorio.
 It was originally recorded for the promotion of Goldilocks Bakeshop's 40th anniversary.
 Sales of the single entirely went to charity.
 Due to high demand and popularity, the song was included in the final track list of her self-titled fourth album as a bonus track.
 It was, since, considered as a "Nina" promo single.
"I Don't Want to Be Your Friend" is a pop/R&B song written and composed by Diane Warren.
 It was first recorded by singer Cyndi Lauper for her 1989 album "A Night To Remember".
 The song was meant to be the second commercial single released in the U.S. from that album, but after the second radio single "A Night to Remember" failed to chart highly, the label scrapped the idea.
 Famed songwriter Desmond Child also recorded a version for his only album "Discipline" (1991).
 "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend" was eventually a single by Filipino singer Nina, and also recorded by Dutch female singer Do in her eponymous debut album.
"I Do" is a song by Filipino singer Nina from her self-titled third studio album, "Nina".
 It was released as the lead single of the album in August 2006 by Warner Music Philippines.
 The song was written by Joleen Belle, Michael Jay, Carsten Lindberg Hansen and Joachim Svare, and it was produced by Warner personnel Neil Gregorio.
 It is one of her few original singles.
 It is also her first upbeat pop-R&B-dance single, since her 2003 number one hit "Make You Mine".
 The song is described to be Mariah Carey-like, due to Nina's evident use of whistle register and upper-pitch trajectories in the last part of the song.
"Someday" is a song by Filipino singer Nina from her 2006 self-titled fourth album.
 It was released as the album's second commercial single in November 2006 by Warner Music Philippines.
 The song was written and composed by Nyoy Volante, who was her boyfriend at that time, and it was produced by Warner personnel Neil Gregorio.
 The song tells a story of a girl who was left by her loved, but still hopes for someone better to come.
 It was entirely recorded using an acoustic piano by Bobby Velasco.
"Jealous" is a song by Filipino singer Nina from her 2002 debut studio album "Heaven".
 It was released as the album's second commercial single in February 2003 by Warner Music Philippines.
 The song was written by international songwriters Shelly Peiken and Brett Laurence, and it was produced by Ferdie Marquez.
 The song tells a story of a girl who is in love with her ex-boyfriend that has a new girlfriend.
 She narrates how jealous she is with the girl, and how lucky the girl is.
 She also promises to wait for the boy, the moment the girl leaves him.
"Make You Mine" is a song by Filipino singer Nina from her second studio album "Smile".
 It was released alongside the album as its lead single in December 2003 by Warner Music Philippines.
 The song was written and produced by The 33rd, and features a rap verse performed by rapper Picasso.
 "Make You Mine" differed from the previous singles Nina was known for.
 Its upbeat groove and flirty lyrics allowed her to transcend the typical "love song syndrome" most Filipino artists are known for, and spun a reinvented image for the singer.
 The song talks about a girl who fell in love at first sight with a boy, and could not stop thinking about him and wants to make the boy hers.
"Heaven" is a song by Filipino singer Nina from her 2002 debut album of the same name.
 It was released as the album's first commercial single, and her first single as an artist, in August 2002 along with the album by Warner Music Philippines.
 The song was written by Brett Laurence and Gary Haase, and produced by Ferdie Marquez.
 The song is heavily influenced by the international urban sound, and Nina is one of the first pop-R&B artists to have entered the Philippine music scene.
 It was considered to be risky for Warner to release, since OPM music at that time focuses on ballads and love songs, making the song a rare record during its release.
