Yair Qedar (Hebrew: יאיר קדר‎ ‎ , born June 13, 1969) is an Israeli filmmaker and a civil-rights activist.His academic training on 20th-century Hebrew literature (Tel Aviv University), propelled him into to The Hebrews — a trans media project on the Hebrew literary canon, centered on filmic portraits of the Hebrew writers.
 Eight documentary films were made in this framwork and six others are currently shot.
 The documentary films which he produced, wrote and directed are —"Bialik - King of the Jews", "The 5 Houses of Lea Goldberg" and "The Seven Tapes of Yona Wallach", 'the Awakener - the story of Y.H Brener' and 'Simple Woman -Zelda'— as well as the three films which he produced in the project - "Song of loves, Rabbi David Bouzaglo", "the Raven, Zeev Jabotinki" and "Mrs Rachel Bluestein" – aired on Israeli TV, circulated far and wide in cinematheques, community and cultural centers, in Israel and around the world (USA and Canada, Europe, Australia and Russia) earning 10 awards (2016: first prize for filmmaking in the field of Jewish culture by the ministry of Education in Israel, 2015: the "Hebrews" films won the prize for best television project in the Israeli Documentary competition).
 The project, both digital and print, offers altogether eight documentary films, a video archive and several books.
Damien Dematra is an Indonesian movie director, novelist, script writer, producer, international photographer, and painter.
 He has written 101 novels in dual languages, English and Indonesian, 81 films and TV scenarios, and produced 48 films in various genres; among them is the internationally distributed "Obama Anak Menteng" ('Little Obama'), the award-winning movie "Si Anak Kampoeng" ('The Village Boy'), "L4 Lupus, "the record breaking movie "Dream Obama", "I'M STAR", "Let's Play, Ghost", "Dorce Vs. Hantu", and documentary film: "Gus Dur the Final Year", "Obama and Me"," Captain Jihad".
Deborah S. Esquenazi is documentary filmmaker, writer, radio producer, instructor, and investigative journalist.
 She is a native Texan and currently resides in Austin, Texas with her wife and two children.
 She is the acclaimed director of the award winning documentary "Southwest of Salem: The Story of the San Antonio Four", as well as half a dozen short films and essays.
 Her work focuses on the intersections of mythology & justice, and identity & power.
 Esquenazi is a Rockwood JustFilms Ford Foundation Fellow, Sundance Creative Producing Lab Fellow (2015), Firelight Media Producers’ Lab Fellow (2015), IFP Spotlight on Docs (2015), Artist on two Artplace America commissions (2015), and Sundance Documentary Film Fellow (2014).
 She has also received funding from Humanities Texas, Sundance Institute⎹ John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Fund, Chicken & Egg Pictures, Astraea Global Arts Fund, Paul Robeson Fund for Independent media, and several others.
A Jihad for Love (also known by the working title In the Name of Allah) is a 2007 documentary film on the coexistence of Islam and homosexuality.
 The film is directed by Parvez Sharma, and produced by Sharma and "Trembling Before G-d" director Sandi DuBowski.
Sandi Simcha DuBowski is an American director and producer, best known for his work on the intersection of LGBT people and their religion, DuBowski directed the 2001 documentary "Trembling Before G-d" and is the producer of Parvez Sharma's documentary "A Jihad for Love" (formerly known as "In the Name of Allah") (2007).
Maya Gallus is a Canadian documentary filmmaker, and co-founder of Red Queen Productions with Justine Pimlott.
 Her films have screened at international film festivals, including Toronto International Film Festival, Montreal World Film Festival, Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival, Sheffield Doc/Fest, SEOUL International Women’s Film Festival, Singapore International Film Festival, This Human World Film Festival (Vienna) and Women Make Waves (Taiwan), among others.
 Her work has also screened at the Museum of Fine Arts (Boston), Donostia Kultura, San Sebastián and Canada House UK, as well as theatrically in Tokyo, San Francisco, Key West and Toronto, and been broadcast around the world.
 She has won numerous awards, including a Gemini Award for Best Direction for Girl Inside, and has been featured in The Guardian, UK; Ms. (Magazine), Curve (Magazine), Bust (Magazine), Salon (Magazine), POV (Magazine) and The Walrus, among others.
 She is a Director/Writer alumna of the Canadian Film Centre and a participant in Women in the Director’s Chair.
 She will be honoured with a "Focus On" retrospective at the 2017 Hot Docs festival.
A Sinner in Mecca is a 2015 documentary film from director Parvez Sharma ("A Jihad for Love").
 The film chronicles Sharma's Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca, Saudi Arabia as an openly gay Muslim.
 The film premiered at the 2015 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival to great critical acclaim.
 The film opened in theaters in the US on September 4, 2015 and is a New York Times Critics' Pick.
Steven Stalinsky is an expert on the Middle East, terrorism and terrorist use of the Internet, and encryption technologies, and has served as Executive Director of the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI) since 1999.
 Stalinsky has briefed staff of the White House, State Department, Homeland Security, Justice Department, Office of Director of National Intelligence, Defense Department, Capitol Hill and other institutions.
 Since 2006, his research has focused on detailing and developing strategies against cyber jihad, describing how terrorist groups such as Al-Qaeda, ISIS, and others use the Internet, social media, and encryption for propaganda, recruiting, and hacking.
 He was an early advocate of calling on the tech community to take stronger action on removing terrorist content from their platforms and for creating industry standards to combat it.
JIHAD: a story of the others is a 2015 documentary film by Emmy and Peabody Award winning Norwegian director Deeyah Khan.
 The film is produced by Khan's production company Fuuse.
 "JIHAD" is the outcome of a two-year investigation by Deeyah and provides a view from the inside about what it is like to be drawn into radicalism.
 The documentary film sets out to provide an insight into why some young Muslims in the West embrace violent extremism and go abroad to fight holy wars and in some cases why they came to reject it.
Leonard Retel Helmrich is a Dutch cinematographer and film director of Indo descent.
 He was born the 16th of August 1959 in Tilburg, Netherlands and has lived in Amsterdam since 1982.
 He received highest honours for international documentaries at the "Sundance Festival" and was the first two-time International Documentary winner at the "International Documentary Filmfestival Amsterdam (IDFA)".
