Lawrence Hugh Landweber is John P. Morgridge Professor Emeritus of Computer Science at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Aalto University School of Science (Aalto SCI, Finnish: "Aalto-yliopiston perustieteiden korkeakoulu" , Swedish: "Aalto-universitetets högskola för teknikvetenskaper" ) is a part of the Aalto University and is one of the four schools of technology established from the former Aalto University School of Science and Technology on 1 January 2011.
 Aalto University (Finnish: Aalto-yliopisto, Swedish: Aalto-universitetet) is a Finnish university established on January 1, 2010 in the merger of the Helsinki University of Technology (1849-), Helsinki School of Economics (1904-) and University of Art and Design Helsinki (1871-).
Laura Faye Landweber is an American evolutionary biologist.
 As of 2016, she is a professor of biochemistry and molecular biophysics and of biological sciences at Columbia University.
 Previously, she was a professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at Princeton University.
 She specializes in RNA-mediated epigenetic inheritance and molecular evolution.
The Fraternitas Scintilla Legis, otherwise known as Scintilla Legis, or simply FSL, is a law school-based fraternity in the Philippines.
 The name of the fraternity is derived from the Latin words "scintilla" which means "spark", and "legis" which means "law."
 It was founded in 1974 by seven students at the College of Law of Xavier University in Cagayan de Oro City.
 In 1980, a chapter was established in Silliman University and for many years, the two chapters co-existed.
 In 1996, a group of FSL alumni from Silliman University established a third chapter in Western Mindanao State University.
 In 2005 a chapter was established in Liceo de Cagayan University and in 2007 another chapter also followed in Bukidnon State University.
 At present, the fraternity is composed of five chapters, four in Mindanao and one in the Visayas.
 They meet annually in a national convention.
University of Gour Banga is a university established in 2008 in Malda, West Bengal, India.
 At present there are 21 PG departments running with near about 2500 enrolment and 25 General Degree colleges and 34 B. Ed colleges with enrolment of 1.50 Lakhs.
 in Malda, Uttar Dinajpur and Dakshin Dinajpur districts, with the exception of Raiganj University College, are affiliated with this university.The University is situated on N.H. 34 near Rabindra Bhavan.
 The Central Bus Terminus is adjacent to the University campus.The University of Gour Banga (UGB) is established by West Bengal Act XXVI of 2007 and located at English Bazar Town of Malda District in West Bengal.
 It is one of the new state universities established by the Government of West Bengal to address the concerns of ‘equity and access’ and to increase the access to quality higher education for people in less
The Global Open University is an Indian university established in 2005 in Dimapur, Nagaland.
 It has been established under the provisions of The Global Open University Act 2006 (Act 3 of 2006) of the Government of Nagaland with a view to introducing vocational, job oriented and empoyment centric education in the North-East in general and in the State of Nagaland in particular.
 The Global Open University, Nagaland (A State University established by the Government of Nagaland) has been legislated by the Nagaland State Legislative Assembly under The Global Open University Act 2006 (Act 3 of 2006) which received the assent of the Governor of Nagaland on 30 August 2006 and was notified vide Notification number Law/Act-10/2006 on 18 September 2006.
 The provisions of The Global Open University Act 2006 were published in the Nagaland Official Gazette on 18 September 2006 for general information.
Suez University is an Egyptian public university established by the presidential decree no 193 in 2012 to transfer Suez Canal University branch in Suez to an independent university.
 Suez University is the first university established by a presidential decree after the January 25 revolution in Egypt.
The University of Craiova (Romanian: "Universitatea din Craiova" ) is a public university located in Craiova, Romania.
 Founded in 1947, with 4 institutes at the beginning, in the Palace of Justice of Craiova.
 It is the largest university in the historical Oltenia province of Romania.
 It was the last university established in the Kingdom of Romania.
 It was the fifth university in Romania officially approved by the Ministerial Council of the Socialist Republic of Romania in 1965, with 7 faculties: Mathematics, Philology, Electrotechnics, Agriculture, Horticulture, Chemistry and Economics.
 The university is a member of the European University Association.
 It currently includes a total of 16 faculties and 2 colleges for undergraduate and postgraduate programms.
 Professor Cezar Ionuț Spînu is the University's 13th Rector since 2016.
 The university is governed by a 7-member Vice-Rector Board.
 The university is internationally known by its football club FC Universitatea Craiova.
University of Oran (Arabic: جامعة وهران‎ ‎ , French: "Université d'Oran" ), or Es Sénia University (Arabic: جامعة السانية ), is a university located in western Algeria in the wilaya of Oran.
 It was established in November 1961 as part of the University of Algiers.
 On April 13, 1965 was made a separate campus, and on December 20, 1967 it became an independent university.
 It was the first university established after the independence of Algeria.
Gus Macey Hodges, Jr. (born February 12, 1908 - February 7, 1992) was an American lawyer, being the Albert Sidney Burleson Professor of Law from 1967 to 1970 at University of Texas at Austin.
 In 1984, the university established the Gus M. Hodges Regents Research Professorship, and in 1992, also established the Gus Macey Hodges Endowed Presidential Scholarship of Law.
