The Cabanatuan American Memorial, formally known as Camp Pangatian, is a World War II memorial located near Cabanatuan City, Philippines.
 Camp Pangatian was a military training camp for twenty years until it was converted into a concentration camp for allied prisoners of war during the Japanese occupation.
 The liberation of Camp Pangatian is known as the most successful tactical rescue mission ever executed by the American military.
 They were aided by Filipino guerrillas who were fighting the invaders.
 The Raid at Cabanatuan was the result of both the Bataan Death March and Prisoner-of-war camp.
 Although the Bataan Death March was a significant historical event, the establishment of its memorial in Cabanatuan was not mentioned in any major U.S. news outlets.
 This tactical operation was immortalized in the movie The Great Raid.
 The memorial was dedicated on April 12, 1982 by the survivors of the Bataan Death March and the prisoner-of-war camp at Cabanatuan during World War II.
 The memorial has been maintained by the American Battle Grounds Commission since 1989.
 Prior to this, it was maintained by the American Battle Monuments Commission.
Denis Vasiliyevich Vetchinov (Russian: Денис Васильевич Ветчинов ; 28 June 1976 – 9 August 2008) was a Russian Ground Forces major killed in action during the 2008 South Ossetia war and posthumuously awarded with Russia's highest military award, Hero of the Russian Federation, for his role in the conflict.
 In film "August Eighth" Vetchinov became a prototype of captain Ilya played by Khasan Baroyev.
Camp Hovey is a United States Army military base in Dongducheon, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.
 It was named after Master Sergeant Howard Hovey who was killed in action at Pork Chop Hill during the Korean War.
 The camp is adjacent to the larger Camp Casey connected by a road known as "Hovey Cut".
 The nearest city to Camp Hovey is Dongducheon (also spelled Tongduch'on), which is roughly 15 mi from the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ).
 There is a south gate into Camp Hovey from Gwangam-dong village, but not as many things to do as outside Camp Casey's main gate.
Camp Casey is a U.S. military base in Dongducheon (also sometimes spelled Tongduchŏn or TDC), South Korea, 40 miles (64 km) north of Seoul, South Korea.
 Camp Casey was named in 1952 after Major Hugh Boyd Casey, who was killed in a plane crash near the camp site during the Korean War.
 Camp Casey is one of several U.S. Army bases in South Korea near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ).
 Camp Casey, Camp Hovey, and neighboring Camp Castle and Camp Mobile hold the main armor, engineer, and mechanized infantry elements of the 2nd Infantry Division (United States) in South Korea.
 Camp Castle has been largely abandoned, with only a warehouse remaining.
 Camp Mobile was severely damaged during a flood in July 2011, and has been abandoned except for an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) company.
 Camp Casey spans 3,500 acres (14 km2) and is occupied by 6,300 military personnel and 2,500 civilians.
 There are plans for the relocation of most of the 2nd Infantry Division to Camp Humphreys which are underway with the latest estimate for completion being 2019.
 As of 2015, there are plans for one brigade (most likely, the Field Artillery Brigade) to remain at Camp Casey, with closure of adjacent Camp Hovey.
Camp Mather-Camp Logan is a Civil War campsite located along Illinois Route 13 outside of Shawneetown, Illinois.
 The campsite was Henry and Mary Eddy's farm and summer home; Henry died in 1849, leaving Mary in charge of the farm at the outset of the war.
 The Union Army began camping on the property in December 1861, when the 56th Illinois Infantry occupied the land; the camp was named Camp Mather for Illinois adjutant general Thomas S. Mather.
 The camp, part of the Department of the Ohio, was one of two Union campsites near Shawneetown, the other being Camp Katie Yates.
 The farm's summer home became the camp hospital and was used to treat measles patients during an outbreak in the winter of 1861-62 that killed eight soldiers.
 By the fall of 1862, when the 87th Illinois Infantry occupied the camp, the camp was known as Camp Logan.
 The soldiers of the 87th Infantry went without pay for several months while awaiting assignment and transport at the camp, and two companies nearly mutinied due to the situation.
 The 87th Infantry left the camp for Memphis, Tennessee, in March 1863, marking the end of Union occupation of the site.
The 3rd Marine Division is an infantry division of the United States Marine Corps based at Camp Courtney, Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler and Okinawa, Japan.
 It is one of three active duty divisions in the Marine Corps and together with the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1stMAW) and the 3rd Marine Logistics Group (3rd MLG) forms the III Marine Expeditionary Force (III MEF).
 The division was first formed during World War II and saw four years of continuous combat in the Vietnam War.
Camp Schwab, nicknamed Man Camp , is a United States Marine Corps camp located in northeastern Okinawa Prefecture, Japan, that is currently home to the 4th Marine Regiment and other elements of the 28,000 American servicemen based on the island.
 The Camp was dedicated in 1959, in honor of Medal of Honor recipient Albert E. Schwab, who was killed in action during the Battle of Okinawa.
Camp Courtney (Japanese: キャンプ・コートニー , Hepburn: Kyampu Kōtonī ) is a U.S. Marine Base located in Uruma City, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
 It is part of the larger Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler and home to the III Marine Expeditionary Force, 3rd Marine Division, and 3d MEB Headquarters.
 It is named after Major Henry A. Courtney, Jr., who was killed in action in the Battle of Okinawa.
 Camp Courtney covers 1.339 km2 in the Konbu, Tengan, and Uken districts of Uruma.
The Battle of Jupiter Inlet occurred on January 15, 1838, between the Seminole Indians - Seminole Negro and the United States Navy.
 This was the first of a series of battles led by the US Navy in the area, also referred to as the First Battle of Loxahatchee.
 The battle started when Lt. Levin Powell led an expedition of 200 soldiers, sailors and marines, down the east coast of Florida.
 The Navy spotted a trail alongside the Jupiter Inlet, and seventy-five men were landed to find the Seminole camp nearby.
 The camp was led by Sam Jones, Ar-pi-uck-i, the spiritual medicine and war chief of the Miccosukee and Seminole people during the war.
 The officers that advanced on the camp were outnumbered and ambushed.
 After a long fight, the US retreated with five men killed in action and about twenty others wounded.
 Ltn.
 Powell was one of those killed in battle.
The Battle of Camp Abubakar, (codenamed Operation Terminal Velocity) was the final phase of the 2000 Philippine campaign against the Moro Islamic Liberation Front which resulted in the capture of Camp Abubakar al Siddique, stronghold of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front and its largest settlement, and seat of its Shariah-based government.
