The abnāʾ al-dawla (meaning "sons of the regime/dynasty"), often simply " the "Abnāʾ"", is a term for the Khurasani Arabs who had participated in the Abbasid Revolution of 749–750 and their descendants, who settled in Baghdad and Iraq.
 They became the ruling elite of the Abbasid Caliphate and formed the mainstay of the caliphal army.
 However, the term appears rarely in the sources until the time of the Fourth Fitna civil war in the 810s, when it is applied to the Khurasanis of Baghdad, who overwhelmingly supported Caliph al-Amin against his brother al-Ma'mun.
 The terms "ahl Khurāsān" ("people of Khurasan") and "abnāʾ ahl Khurāsān" ("sons of the people of Khurasan") are more frequently used for the Khurasanis who formed the mainstay of the Abbasid regime in general.
 Following al-Ma'mun's victory in the civil war, the "abnāʾ al-dawla" were largely replaced by the latter's Persian followers, and under his successor al-Mu'tasim, the rise of the Turkish slave-soldiers to power began.
The term "Anarchy at Samarra" refers to the period 861–870 in the history of the Abbasid Caliphate, which was marked by extreme internal instability and the violent succession of four caliphs, who became puppets in the hands of powerful rival military groups.
 The term derives from the then capital and seat of the caliphal court, Samarra.
 The "anarchy" began in 861, with the murder of Caliph al-Mutawakkil by his Turkish guards.
 His successor, al-Muntasir, ruled for six months before his death, possibly poisoned by the Turkish military chiefs.
 He was succeeded by al-Musta'in.
 Divisions within the Turkish military leadership enabled Musta'in to flee to Baghdad in 865 with the support of some Turkish chiefs (Bugha the Younger and Wasif) and the Tahirids, but the rest of the Turkish army chose a new caliph in the person of al-Mu'tazz and besieged Baghdad, forcing the city's capitulation in 866.
 Musta'in was exiled and executed.
 Mu'tazz was able and energetic, and tried to control the military chiefs and exclude the military from civil administration.
 His policies were resisted, and in July 869 he too was deposed and killed.
 His successor, al-Muhtadi, also tried to reaffirm the Caliph's authority, but he too was killed in June 870.
 With Muhtadi's death and the ascension of al-Mu'tamid, the Turkish faction around Musa ibn Bugha, closely associated with Mu'tamid's brother and regent al-Muwaffaq, became dominant in the caliphal court, ending the "anarchy".
 Although the Abbasid Caliphate was able to stage a modest recovery in the following decades, the troubles of the "Anarchy at Samarra" inflicted great and lasting damage on the structures and prestige of the Abbasid central government, encouraging and facilitating secessionist and rebellious tendencies in the Caliphate's provinces.
The Fourth Fitna or Great Abbasid Civil War resulted from the conflict between the brothers al-Amin and al-Ma'mun over the succession to the throne of the Abbasid Caliphate.
 Their father, Caliph Harun al-Rashid, had named al-Amin as the first successor, but had also named al-Ma'mun as the second, with Khurasan granted to him as an appanage.
 Later a third son, al-Qasim, had been designated as third successor.
 After Harun died in 809, al-Amin succeeded him in Baghdad.
 Encouraged by the Baghdad court, al-Amin began trying to subvert the autonomous status of Khurasan, and al-Qasim was quickly sidelined.
 In response, al-Ma'mun sought the support of the provincial élites of Khurasan and made moves to assert his own autonomy.
 As the rift between the two brothers and their respective camps widened, al-Amin declared his own son Musa as his heir and assembled a large army.
 In 811, al-Amin's troops marched against Khurasan, but al-Ma'mun's general Tahir ibn Husayn defeated them in the Battle of Rayy, and then invaded Iraq and besieged Baghdad itself.
 The city fell after a year, al-Amin was executed, and al-Ma'mun became Caliph.
The Nahrawan Canal (Arabic: قناة النهروان‎ ‎ ) was a major irrigation system of the Sassanid and early Islamic periods in central Iraq, along the eastern banks of the Tigris and the lower course of the Diyala River.
 Created in the 6th century, it reached its peak under the Abbasid Caliphate, when it served the main water supply for the Abbasid capital of Baghdad, while the regions irrigated by it served as the city's main breadbasket.
 Its destruction and progressive abandonment from the mid-10th century onwards mirror the Abbasid Caliphate's decline.
The Abbasid invasion of Asia Minor in 806 was the largest operation ever launched by the Abbasid Caliphate against the Byzantine Empire.
 The expedition was commanded in person by the Abbasid Caliph Harun al-Rashid (reigned 786–809), who wished to retaliate for the Byzantine successes in the Caliphate's frontier region in the previous year and impress Abbasid might upon the Byzantine emperor, Nikephoros I (r. 802–811).
 The huge Abbasid army, according to Arab sources numbering more than 135,000 men, raided across Cappadocia unopposed, capturing several towns and fortresses, most notably Herakleia, and forcing Nikephoros to seek peace in exchange for tribute.
 Following Harun's departure, however, Nikephoros violated the terms of the treaty and reoccupied the frontier forts he had been forced to abandon.
 Harun's preoccupation with a rebellion in Khurasan, and his death three years later, prohibited a reprisal on a similar scale.
 Moreover, the Abbasid civil war that began after 809 and the Byzantine preoccupation with the Bulgars contributed to a cessation of large-scale Arab–Byzantine conflict for two decades.
Mugheri (or Mughery, Mughairi, Arabic: المغیری‎ ‎ ) are a social group descended from Arabs, however, in Pakistan they are considered to be Baloch.
 As per research, Mugheri are descended from an Arab Field Marshal called Mughera Bin Zaid Bin Hatim, who was appointed as a Field Marshal for Sindh by his elder brother and famous Governor of Sindh during Abbasid Caliphate named Daud Bin Zaid Bin Hatim.
 Daud was appointed as a Governor of Sind in 800AD (184 Hijri) by Caliph Haroon-ur-Rashid (786-809).
 Governor Daud Bin Zaid Bin Hatim governed Sind for the longest period of nine years and later his son Bashar Bin Daud Bin Hatim became the next successor Governor of Sind during the caliphate of Mamoon-ur-Rashid.
 Additionally, the Mughera tribe was at the climax because they ran their business, trade, affairs and matters effectively and were considered as wealthy tribe under the Abbasid Caliphate.
Sa'id ibn Makhlad (died 889) was a senior official of the Abbasid Caliphate.
 Born a Nestorian Christian, he converted to Islam and served as a secretary in the Abbasid capital, Baghdad.
 He rose to prominence during the regency of al-Muwaffaq over his brother, the Caliph al-Mu'tamid (r. 870–892): between 878 and 885, he served as "de facto" vizier of the Caliphate, although he did not bear the title.
 His valuable assistance to al-Muwaffaq was recognized in 882 by the award of the unique honorific title Dhu'l-Wizaratayn ("possessor of the two vizierates"), with which he appears even on coins.
 However, the activities of his brother, Abdun, who had remained a Christian and tried to obtain concessions for the Christian subjects of the Caliphate, brought about his sudden fall from power in 885.
 He died in 889.
Abu'l-Wafa Tuzun was a Turkish soldier who served first the Iranian ruler Mardavij ibn Ziyar and subsequently the Abbasid Caliphate.
 Rising to a position of leadership in the Abbasid army, he evicted the Hamdanid Nasir al-Dawla from Baghdad and assumed the position of "amir al-umara" on 31 May 943, becoming the Caliphate's "de facto" ruler.
 He held this position until his death in August 945, a few months before Baghdad, and the Abbasid Caliphate with it, came under the control of the Buyids.
Abū al-Husayn Bajkam al-Mākānī (Arabic: أبو الحسين بجكم المكاني‎ ‎ ), referred to as Bajkam, Badjkam or Bachkam (from "Bäčkäm", a Persian and Turkish word meaning a horse- or yak-tail), was a Turkish military commander and official of the Abbasid Caliphate.
 A former "ghulam" of the Ziyarid dynasty, Bajkam entered Abbasid service following the assassination of the Ziyarid ruler Mardavij in 935.
 During his five-year tenure at the Caliphate's court at Baghdad, he was granted the title of "amir al-umara", consolidating his dominance over the Caliphs ar-Radi and al-Muttaqi and giving him absolute power over their domains.
 Bajkam was challenged throughout his rule by various opponents, including his predecessor as "amir al-umara", Muhammad ibn Ra'iq, the Basra-based Baridis, and the Buyid dynasty of Iran, but he succeeded in retaining control until his death.
 He was murdered by a party of Kurds during a hunting excursion in 941, shortly after the accession of al-Muttaqi as Caliph.
 Bajkam was known both for his firm rule and for his patronage of Baghdad intellectuals, who respected and in some cases befriended him.
 His death led to a void in central power, resulting in a brief period of instability and fighting in Baghdad.
The Battle of Hama was fought some 24 km from the city of Hama in Syria on 29–30 November 903 between the forces of the Abbasid Caliphate and the Qarmatians.
 The Abbasids were victorious, resulting in the capture and execution of the Qarmatian leadership.
 This weakened the Qarmatian presence in northern Syria, which was finally eradicated after the suppression of another revolt in 906.
 More importantly, it paved the way for the Abbasid attack on the autonomous Tulunid dynasty and the reincorporation of the Tulunid domains in southern Syria and Egypt into the Abbasid Caliphate.
