Go.com (also known as The Go Network) is a landing page for Disney content, created as a joint venture between Infoseek and Disney Interactive.
 It is currently operated by Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, a Division of The Walt Disney Company.
 It began as a web portal launched by Jeff Gold.
 Go.com includes content from ABC News which is associated with Disney and is hosted under a .
go.com name.
 Along with Time Warner's Pathfinder.com, Go.com proved to be an expensive failure for its parent company, as web users preferred to use search engines to access content directly, rather than start at a top-level corporate portal.
 In 2013, the site was transitioned from a portal to a simple landing page.
India-West, also known as "India-West Publications, Inc.", is among the leading Indian newspapers in the United States of America which report on issues pertaining to the Indian American population of the United States, with special emphasis on California.
 It focuses on issues that relate to, or affect the Indian American community.
 Its head office is located in San Leandro, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area.
 It also operates a Los Angeles bureau (based in Artesia, California) and bureau in Mumbai, India.
 Its weekly circulation is approximately 25,000.
 India-West launched a new Web portal Nov. 7, 2011.
 The Web portal is the primary go-to source site for all things pertaining to the global Indian community.
 It is currently ranked highest among websites of Indian American newspapers by Alexa.
 India-West is represented in India by Shemak Acidwalla of MediaLink/MediaMate and the International Media Representation wing of the Times of India group for the purpose of advertising.
Interia, formerly Interia.pl, is a large Polish web portal created in 2000 in Kraków, Poland.
 It offers, among others: new email accounts, free web hosting, and domain name registration.
 The list of its 130 services includes the national and international headlines in the Polish language followed by business news, sports, motorization and new technologies, as well as online games, blogs, chat rooms, internet forums and a shopping arcade, not to mention the streaming radio and Internet television channels.
 Interia hosts one of Polish online encyclopedias, the "Encyklopedia Internautica" and the thematic catalogue of websites.
 It features also the weather info, astrology, virtual greeting cards popular locally, and hundreds of online chats ("czaterie") with the "KidProtect" option.
Naver (Hangul: 네이버) is a popular Web portal in South Korea, owned by Naver Corporation.
 Naver was launched in June 1999 by ex-Samsung employees, and it debuted as the first Web portal in Japan that used its own proprietary search engine.
 Among Naver's features is "Comprehensive Search", launched in 2000, which provides results from multiple categories on a single page.
 It has since added new services such as "Knowledge Search", launched in 2002.
 It also provides Internet services including a news service, an e-mail service, an academic thesis search service, and a children's portal.
 In 2005, Naver launched Happybean, the world's first online donation portal, which allows users to find information and make donations to over 20,000 civil society and social welfare organizations.
Tina Sharkey (born 1964) is an American entrepreneur, advisor, and investor.
 The co-founder and CEO of Brandless, an e-commerce site, Sharkey is noted for "discovering ways to bring consumers and businesses together."
 In addition to Brandless, she has been involved in developing several community-focused sites, including iVillage, which she co-founded, and BabyCenter, where she served as chair and global president.
 She led multiple business units at AOL, including community programming, and started the digital internet division at "Sesame Street."
A clinical trial portal (also known as clinical portal or clinical study portal) is a web portal or enterprise portal that primarily serves sponsors and investigators in a clinical trial.
 Clinical portals can be developed for a particular study, however study-specific portals may be part of larger, clinical sponsor or Contract Research Organization (CRO) portals that cover multiple trials.
 A clinical portal is typically developed by a sponsor or CRO to facilitate centralized access to relevant information, documentation and online applications by investigational sites participating (or considering participation) in a trial, as well as for the monitors, study managers, data managers, medical, safety and regulatory staff that help plan, conduct, manage and review the trial.
Omniture is an online marketing and web analytics business unit in Orem, Utah.
 It was acquired by Adobe Systems in 2009.
 Until 2011, Omniture operated as a business unit within Adobe as the "Omniture Business Unit", but as of 2012 Adobe began retiring the Omniture name as former Omniture products were integrated into the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
AOL (formerly a company known as AOL Inc., originally known as America Online, and stylized as Aol) is a web portal and online service provider based in New York.
 It is a brand marketed by Oath, a subsidiary of Verizon Communications.
 AOL was one of the early pioneers of the Internet in the mid-1990s, and the most recognized brand on the web in the U.S.
 It originally provided a dial-up service to millions of Americans, as well as providing a web portal, e-mail, instant messaging and later a web browser following its purchase of Netscape.
 At the height of its popularity, it purchased the media conglomerate Time Warner in the largest merger in U.S. history.
 AOL rapidly declined thereafter, partly due to the decline of dial-up to broadband.
 AOL was eventually spun off from Time Warner in 2009, with Tim Armstrong appointed the new CEO.
 Under his leadership, the company invested in media brands and advertising technologies.
Jippii was an international mobile and web portal.
 The service was opened in 1999 as a web portal of Saunalahti Group with the name "Saunalahti.fi".
 Saunalahti Group and its web portal was renamed "Jippii" in late 2000 (Jippii Group Oyj) and it grew during the dot-com bubble to an international web service.
 During the early 2000s the Finnish Jippii-portal was the biggest or second biggest Finnish web medium.
 Jippii Group reverted its name back to Saunalahti Group in 2003 and corporatized its mobile entertainment / web portal activities into Jippii Mobile Entertainment Oy.
 In July 2004 Saunalahti Group sold the aforementioned company and Jippii portal to the British "Itouch" company.
 In 2007 Itouch itself was bought by Buongiorno, an Italian company.
 Jippii portal has been discontinued around 2010.
IWon.com was a free casual game site and web portal that offered the chance to win cash for charities through activities such as playing online games.
 iWon started as a Web Portal, similar to Yahoo!, that entered its users into daily, weekly, monthly cash prize drawings.
 Users earned entries drawing based on a point system for using the website.
 Activities that earned points included clicking on links, using the search features and participating in its online games.
 The site was shut down on January 6, 2016.
