The Battle of Yao (Japanese: 八尾の戦い , Hepburn: Yao no tatakai ) was a confrontation that took place in 1615 during the early Edo period in Japan.
 The battle occurred in 1615 during the Siege of Osaka, in which Tokugawa Ieyasu planned to destroy the Toyotomi clan.
 It was fought between the Tōdō clan and the Chosokabe clan.
 There is not much detail about the battle, but it is known that the Tõdõ clan was led by Tōdō Takatora, who won the battle, forcing the Chosokabe clan, led by Chōsokabe Morichika, to retreat to Osaka.
 Though Takatora won the battle, his two sons were died in combat.
The Battle of Calabria, (known to the Italian Navy as the Battle of Punta Stilo) was a naval battle during the Battle of the Mediterranean in the Second World War.
 It was fought between the Italian Royal Navy ("Regia Marina") and the British Royal Navy and the Royal Australian Navy.
 The battle occurred 30 miles to the east of Punta Stilo, Calabria, on 9 July 1940.
 It was one of the few pitched battles of the Mediterranean campaign during the Second World War involving large numbers of ships on both sides.
 Both sides claimed victory, but in fact the battle was a draw and everyone returned to their bases as soon as possible.
The Battle of Aspromonte, also known as The Day of Aspromonte (in Italian: "La Giornata dell'Aspromonte"), was a battle that took place on 29 August 1862, and was an inconclusive episode of the Italian unification process.
 The battle is named after the mountain Aspromonte in southern Italy, which is near the place where the battle occurred.
 In the battle, the Royal Italian Army defeated Giuseppe Garibaldi's army of volunteers, who were marching from Sicily towards Rome, with the intent of annexing it into the Kingdom of Italy.
 In the battle, which took place a few kilometers from Gambarie, Garibaldi was wounded and taken as prisoner.
The Battle of Klushino, or the Battle of Kłuszyn, was fought on 4 July 1610, between forces of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland and the Tsardom of Russia during the Polish–Muscovite War, part of Russia's Time of Troubles.
 The battle occurred near the village of Klushino (Polish: "Kłuszyn" ) near Smolensk (Polish: "Smoleńsk").
 In the battle the outnumbered Polish force secured a decisive victory over Russia, due to the tactical competence of hetman Stanisław Żółkiewski and the military prowess of Polish hussars, the elite of the army of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland.
 The battle is remembered as one of the greatest triumphs of the Polish cavalry and an example of excellence and supremacy of the Polish military at the time.
The Battle of Saumur occurred during the last stages of the Battle of France during World War II, when officer cadets from the Cavalry School at Saumur, led by superintendent Colonel Michon, made a defensive stand along the Loire River at Saumur and Gennes.
 For two days the Cavalry School, and other assorted units which had fallen back before the German Wehrmacht advance, held off a German attack.
 Since the battle occurred after the message by Marshal Pétain which called for an end to fighting (on 17 June 1940), the event is often considered one of the first acts of the French Resistance.
The Battle of Río Burbia or the Battle of the Burbia River was a battle fought in the year 791 between the troops of the Kingdom of Asturias, commanded by King Bermudo I of Asturias, and the troops of the Emirate of Córdoba, led by Yusuf ibn Bujt.
 The battle occurred in the context of the Ghazws of Hisham I against the Christian rebels of the northern Iberian Peninsula.
 The battle took place near the Río Burbia, in the area which is today known as Villafranca del Bierzo.
 The battle resulted in Andalusian victory.
The Battle of Manilla (1574) was a battle in the Manila area mainly in the location of what is now Parañaque between Chinese pirates, led by Limahong and the Spanish colonial forces and their native allies.
 The battle occurred on November 29, 1574 when Limahong's fleet landed in the town of Parañaque and from there, began to assault the fortifications of Intramuros.
 Initially, the inhabitants where disorganized and Limahong's forces routed them.
 Furthermore, the Chinese killed the Master-of-Camp of the Spanish, Martin De Goiti.
 This caused them to delay their assault on Manila as Martin de Goiti's house was an obstacle in their march.
 However, upon the arrival of a certain Filipino hero called, Galo, resistance started to organize.
 Under Galo's command, they were able to resist China-born Limahong until Mexico-born Juan de Salcedo arrived from Ilocos with 300 Ilocano Warriors and Limahong was defeated and eventually forced to retreat.
 Thereafter Limahong abandoned his plans to invade Manila and instead, set up a temporary kingdom in Pangasinan.
The Battle of Alhandic (Spanish: "Batalla de Alhandic" ), also known as Zamora's trench Battle ("Batalla del Foso de Zamora"), was a battle that occurred on August 5, 939 in the city of Zamora, Spain.
 The battle occurred when the troops of Abd-ar-Rahman III assaulted the walls of Zamora.
 The defending troops were those loyal to Ramiro II of León, King of the Kingdom of Leon.
 The fighting was so bloody that the tide of the battle did not turn until the ditch surrounding the city walls was entirely filled with corpses.
 The troops of Aberraman III won the day and were able to seize the city of Zamora.
 This battle should not be confused with the Day of Zamora ("Día de Zamora" or "Jornada del Foso de Zamora") which took place a few decades before in the year 901.
Battle of Silda ("Affæren ved Silden" or "Affæren ved Stadt") was a naval battle fought on 23 July 1810 between the United Kingdom and Denmark–Norway near the Norwegian island of Silda in Sogn og Fjordane county.
 The battle occurred during the Gunboat War, itself part of the Napoleonic Wars.
 In the battle, two British frigates captured or destroyed three or four Dano-Norwegian gunboats.
 The Danish and British accounts of the battle differ.
The Battle of Trout River was a military conflict that occurred on 27 May 1870.
 It was a part of the Fenian raids.
 This battle occurred outside of Huntingdon, Quebec near the international border about 20 km north of Malone, New York.
 The location of this battle should not be confused with Trout River in the Northwest Territories.
