Bull Hill, also known as Mount Taurus, is a mountain north of the village of Cold Spring on the Hudson River in Putnam County in the State of New York.
 It is part of the river-straddling range known as the Hudson Highlands.
 The original name came after a bull that used to terrorize the mountain was chased by indignant inhabitants.
 A hunting party drove the bull over the hill.
 In an attempt to flee the mountaineers, the bull plunged out into space and fell down.
 Its broken and shapeless mass on the rocks was memorialized in the name of the mountain the bull used to haunt.
Garrison is a hamlet in Putnam County, New York, United States.
 It is part of the town of Philipstown, on the east side of the Hudson River, across from the United States Military Academy at West Point.
 The Garrison Metro-North Railroad station serves the town.
 Garrison (a.k.a. Garrison's Landing) was named after 2nd Lieutenant Isaac Garrison who held a property lot on the Hudson River across from West Point and conducted a ferry service across the Hudson River between the two hamlets.
 Isaac and his son Beverly Garrison fought in the Battle of Fort Montgomery in 1777, were captured by the British and later set free.
The Wilkinson Memorial Trail is a public footpath in the Hudson Highlands region of the U.S. state of New York.
 It generally follows the Dutchess–Putnam county line along the latter's northwest corner, from the banks of the Hudson River near Breakneck Ridge to North HIghland, just south of the county line in Philipstown.
 At 9.5 mi in length it is the longest trail in the Hudson Highlands State Park system; although parts of the trail are on other public and private parcels in the area.
Hudson Highlands State Park is a non-contiguous state park in the U.S. state of New York, located on the east side of the Hudson River.
 The park runs from Peekskill in Westchester County, through Putnam County, to Beacon in Dutchess County, in the eastern section of the Hudson Highlands.
Cold Spring is a village in the town of Philipstown in Putnam County, New York, United States.
 The population was 1,983 at the 2010 census.
 It borders the smaller village of Nelsonville and Garrison.
 The central area of the village is on the National Register of Historic Places as the Cold Spring Historic District due to its many well-preserved 19th-century buildings, constructed to accommodate workers at the nearby West Point Foundry (itself a Registered Historic Place today).
 The town is the birthplace of General Gouverneur K. Warren, who was an important figure in the Union Army during the Civil War.
 The village, located in the Hudson Highlands, sits at the deepest point of the Hudson River, directly across from West Point.
 Cold Spring serves as a weekend getaway for many residents of New York City.
The Hudson River Valley Greenway is a system of parks, trails, kayak/canoe routes, etc. along New York's Hudson River, and the organization that serves to promote and preserve them.
 The Greenway system includes the Hudson Valley Rail Trail.
 Fourteen counties are in the Greenway area.
 Dutchess County, Putnam County, and Westchester County are in the Hudson River Valley Greenway Compact Area.
New York State Route 121 (NY 121) is a north–south state highway in the Hudson Valley of New York, United States.
 It begins in northern Westchester County at an intersection with NY 22 in Bedford and extends for 15.56 mi to a junction with U.S. Route 6 and U.S. Route 202 (US 6 and US 202) east of the village of Brewster in Putnam County.
 As the route heads north, it briefly overlaps with NY 35 and NY 116 in Westchester County and connects to Interstate 84 (I-84) in Putnam County.
 NY 121 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York.
Breakneck Brook, sometimes Breakneck Valley Brook, is a 2.8 km tributary of the Hudson River located entirely in the Putnam County town of Philipstown, New York, United States.
 It rises at Surprise Lake and flows southwest towards the Hudson from there, mostly through Hudson Highlands State Park.
 The name comes from Breakneck Ridge to its north.
The Cortland Condit House is a historic house located on Center Street in Putnam, Putnam County, Illinois.
 The house was built in 1849-50 by Cortland Condit, a farmer who came to Putnam County from New York in 1836.
 Condit founded the community of Putnam, which was originally named Condit in his honor.
 The Greek Revival house is the oldest brick building in Senachwine Township.
 The house's front entrance features a portico with square columns and gingerbread-style decoration, while the rear entrance has a brick archway.
 The house's windows are all six-over-six, as is common in Greek Revival homes.
 The gable roof features an entablature with cornice returns below its eaves.
Jones Point is a hamlet located in the town of Stony Point in Rockland County in the state of New York, United States.
 Located north of Tomkins Cove; east of Bear Mountain State Park; south of Iona Island; and west of the Hudson River.
 It is directly across the Hudson River from the city of Peekskill and lies at the foot of Dunderberg Mountain.
