James Francis Edward, Prince of Wales (10 June 1688 – 1 January 1766), nicknamed the Old Pretender, was the son of King James II and VII, the monarch of the three kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland, and his second wife Mary of Modena.
 His Catholic father was deposed in the Glorious Revolution of 1688 only months after his birth, and his Protestant older half-sister Mary II and her husband William III of Orange became king and queen.
 The Bill of Rights 1689 and Act of Succession 1701 excluded Catholics from the British throne, and James was raised in exile.
Nicholas Barnewall, 1st Viscount Barnewall (1592 – 20 August 1663), was an Irish landowner and politician.
The Habeas Corpus Suspension Acts of 1688 were three Acts of the Parliament of England (1 Will.
 & Mar. cc.
 2, 7 & 19) which temporarily suspended the right of "habeas corpus" in England until 17 April, 25 May and 23 October 1689 respectively.
 They were passed in the wake of the Glorious Revolution, in which King James II had recently been deposed.
James II and VII (14 October 1633 – 16 September 1701) was King of England and Ireland as James II and King of Scotland as James VII, from 6 February 1685 until he was deposed in the Glorious Revolution of 1688.
 He was the last Roman Catholic monarch of England, Scotland and Ireland.
Viscount Barnewall, of Kingsland in the Parish of Donabate in the County of Dublin, was a title in the Peerage of Ireland.
 It was created on 29 June 1646 for Nicholas Barnewall, who had earlier represented County Dublin in the Irish House of Commons.
 The Kingsland Barnewalls were a junior branch of the family of Baron Trimleston; Nicholas's great-grandfather Sir Patrick Barnewall had achieved political prominence through his friendship with Thomas Cromwell and done well out of the Dissolution of the Monasteries .
 Nicholas was made Baron Turvey at the same time, also in the Peerage of Ireland.
 His grandson, the third Viscount, was a supporter of James II and outlawed.
 However, he was restored under the Treaty of Limerick.
 His son, the fourth Viscount, was a Roman Catholic and consequently disqualified from taking his seat in the Irish House of Lords.
 He was childless and was succeeded by his nephew, the fifth Viscount.
 He was the son of the Honourable George Barnewall, younger son of the third Viscount.
 He died unmarried in 1800 when the titles became dormant.
 They were successfully claimed in 1814 by Matthew Barnewall, who became the sixth Viscount.
 He was the great-grandson of the Honourable Richard Barnewall, younger son of the first Viscount.
 However, he had no surviving male issue and on his death in 1834 the titles are considered to have become extinct.
Nicholas Barnewall, 3rd Viscount Barnewall (15 April 1668 – 14 June 1725) was an Irish nobleman.
The Glorious Revolution of 1688 rearranged the political map of Europe, and led to a series of wars with France that lasted well over a century.
 This was the classic age of sail; while the ships themselves evolved in only minor ways, technique and tactics were honed to a high degree, and the battles of the Napoleonic Wars entailed feats that would have been impossible for the fleets of the 17th century.
 Because of parliamentary opposition, James II fled the country.
 The landing of William III and the Glorious Revolution itself was a gigantic effort involving 100 warships and 400 transports carrying 11,000 infantry and 4,000 horses.
 It was not opposed by the English or Scottish fleets.
The Glorious Revolution in Scotland was part of a wider change of regime, known as the Glorious Revolution or Revolution of 1688, in the British kingdoms of the Stuart monarchy in 1688–89.
 It began in England and saw the removal of the Catholic James VII of Scotland and II of England from the thrones of England, Scotland and Ireland and his replacement with his Protestant daughter Mary and her husband William of Orange.
Patrick Barnewall (c. 1500–1552) was a leading figure in the Irish Government of the 1530s and 1540s, due to his close links with Thomas Cromwell.
 He sat in the Irish House of Commons, and held the offices of Solicitor General for Ireland and Master of the Rolls in Ireland.
 Today he is mainly remembered for his role in founding the King's Inns.
 He belonged to a junior branch of the family of Lord Trimlestown: his own descendants held the title Viscount Barnewall of Kingsland.
Clan Munro (   ) (Scottish Gaelic: "Clann an Rothaich" ] ) is a Highland Scottish clan.
 Historically the clan was based in Easter Ross in the Scottish Highlands.
 Traditional origins of the clan give its founder as Donald Munro who came from the north of Ireland and settled in Scotland in the eleventh century.
 It is also a strong tradition that the Munro chiefs supported Robert the Bruce during the Wars of Scottish Independence.
 The first proven clan chief on record however is Robert de Munro who died in 1369 although his unnamed father is mentioned in a number of charters.
 The clan chiefs originally held land principally at Findon on the Black Isle but exchanged it in 1350 for Estirfowlys.
 Robert's son Hugh who died in 1425 was the first of the family to be styled "of Foulis".
 During the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries the Munros feuded with their neighbors the Clan Mackenzie, and during the seventeenth century many Munros fought in the Thirty Years' War in support of Protestantism.
 During the Scottish Civil War of the seventeenth century different members of the clan supported the Royalists and Covenanters at different times.
 The Munro chiefs supported the Glorious Revolution of 1688 and during the Jacobite risings of the eighteenth century the clan and the chiefs were staunchly anti-Jacobite, supporting the Hanoverian-British Government.
