Biel/Bienne District is an administrative district in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland.
 It is located along both shores of the northeastern half of Lake Biel and is part of the Seeland administrative region, and its capital is Biel/Bienne.
 It contains 19 municipalities with an area of 97.63 km2 and a population (as of December 2008 ) of 90,536, over half of which lives in the district's capital.
 While it is the smallest district in surface area, it has the fourth largest population in the canton.
Biel/Bienne railway station (Alemannic German: "Bahnhof Biel" ; French: "Gare de Bienne" ) serves the bilingual municipality of Biel/Bienne, in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland.
The inaugural edition of the Ladies Open Biel Bienne, an International-level WTA tennis event, will be held in April 2017 at the Swiss National Tennis Centre in Biel/Bienne, Switzerland.
 The new indoor arena will be completed in February 2017.
Biel/Bienne District was a district (Amtsbezirk) in the canton of Bern in Switzerland with its seat Biel/Bienne.
 It was bi-lingual (41% French and 59% German) and included two municipalities in an area of 25 km²:
The Biel/Bienne tramway network (Alemannic German: "Strassenbahnnetz Biel" ; French: "Réseau tramway de Bienne" ) was part of the public transport network of the bilingual city of Biel/Bienne, in the canton of Bern, Switzerland, and its environs for more than 70 years.
 Opened in 1877, the network operated as a horsecar tramway ("Rösslitram") until 1902, when it was electrified and converted from to .
The 2017 Ladies Open Biel Bienne was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
 It was the first edition of the Ladies Open Biel Bienne and part of the International category of the 2017 WTA Tour.
 It took place at the Swiss Tennis Center in Roger Federer Allee, Biel, Switzerland, from 10 April through 16 April 2017.
Biel/Bienne (official bilingual wording; ] ; ] ; Italian: "Bienna" , Romansh: "Bienna" , Latin: "Belna" ) is a town and a municipality in the Biel/Bienne administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
The Biel/Bienne trolleybus system (German: "Trolleybus System Biel" ; French: "Réseau trolleybus de Bienne" ) is part of the public transport network of the bilingual city of Biel/Bienne, in the canton of Bern, Switzerland.
 The system also serves the neighbouring municipality of Nidau.
The Biel Running Days (German: "Bieler Lauftage" French: "Courses de Bienne" ) takes place in June in Biel/Bienne, Switzerland.
 Various long-distance track events are involved.
 The most well known of these is the 100 km Ultra marathon which began in 1959 and is one of the biggest and oldest of its kind (only a 1x100 km loop).
 You can do the run alone, as a couple or in a Team of 5.
 The Ultra marathon is also a part of the European Ultramarathon Cup.
 Along with the 100 km Ultra marathon there are a night marathon and a half marathon taking place.
EHC Biel is a professional ice hockey club based in the bilingual city of Biel/Bienne, Switzerland and plays in the National League (NL).
 Since the city of Biel is completely bilingual, alongside the German name EHC Biel (Abbr: EHCB) the team also has a French name, HC Bienne (Abbr: HCB).
 The team plays its home games in the 6,521-seat Tissot Arena.
