The Prime Minister's Department (Malay: "Jabatan Perdana Menteri" , abbreviated JPM) is a federal government ministry in Malaysia.
 Its objective is "determining the services of all divisions are implemented according to policy, legislation / regulations and current guidelines".
 It is headed by the Prime Minister of Malaysia followed by other Minister in the Prime Minister's Department.
 The Department consists of the Prime Minister's Office, the Deputy Prime Minister's Office and more than 50 other government agencies and entities.
 The Prime Minister's Department was established in July 1957.
 Its headquarters are in Perdana Putra, Putrajaya.
In Canada, the Office of the Prime Minister (more commonly referred to as the Prime Minister's Office and abbreviated as PMO), located in the Office of the Prime Minister and Privy Council, facing Parliament Hill, in Ottawa, is one of the most powerful parts of the government.
 It is made up of the prime minister and his or her top political staff, who are charged with advising the prime minister on decisions, making the office a wholly partisan body.
 It should not be confused with the Privy Council Office (PCO), which is the top office that controls the civil service and is expressly non-partisan.
 The PMO is concerned with making policy whereas the PCO is concerned with executing the policy decisions decided by the government.
The Cabinet of Malaysia is the executive branch of Malaysia's government.
 Led by the Prime Minister, the cabinet is a council of ministers who are accountable collectively to the Parliament.
 According to the Article 43 of the Constitution, members of the Cabinet can only be selected from members of either houses of Parliament.
 Formally, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong appoints all Ministers on the advice of the Prime Minister.
 The constitution is amended by repealing the Clause (8) of Article 43, enabling a person who is a member of State Legislative Assembly to continue to be one even when he or she is appointed as a minister or deputy minister in the cabinet.
 Ministers other than the Prime Minister shall hold office during the pleasure of the Yang di-Pertuan Agong, unless the appointment of any Minister shall have been revoked by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong on the advice of the Prime Minister but any Minister may resign his office.
 In practice, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong is obliged to follow the advice of the Prime Minister on the appointment and dismissal of ministers.
The Prime Minister of Armenia is the head of government and most senior minister within the Armenian government, and is required by the constitution to "oversee the Government's regular activities and coordinate the work of the Ministers."
 The Prime Minister is appointed by the President of Armenia, but can be removed by a vote of no confidence in Parliament.
 The office of President is generally considered to be more powerful than the office of Prime Minister.
 In constitutional referendum held in 2015, citizens voted in favor of transferring Armenia into a parliamentary republic.
 It will be fully introduced in 2018.
 The office of President will become ceremonial post and Prime Minister's office will be the most powerful in the country.
Bouasone Bouphavanh (born 3 June 1954) was Prime Minister of Laos from 2006 to 2010.
 He was officially appointed to the office by the National Assembly of Laos on June 8, 2006, during a major government reshuffle.
 He replaced Bounnhang Vorachith who became vice president.
 Bouasone had previously served as first deputy prime minister since October 3, 2003.
 Before that, he was third deputy prime minister and was president of the State Planning Committee.
 He ranks seventh in the Politburo.
 He was replaced as Prime Minister on 23 December 2010 by Thongsing Thammavong.
 Now,Bouasone Bouphavanh currently serves as head of the Lao Party Central Committee's Commission for Economic Development Strategy Research.
‘Abd Allāh ibn ‘Abd ar-Raḥman Sirāj (Arabic: عبد الله بن عبد الرحمن سراج‎ ‎ ) was an Arab politician and Islamic scholar who held various posts in the Kingdom of Hejaz and later the Emirate of Transjordan, including the office of Prime Minister of both countries.
 Born in Mecca, he graduated from Madrasah as-Sawlatiyah and later al-Azhar University in Cairo.
 In 1907 he was appointed Mufti of the Hanafis in Mecca by Sharif Ali Abd Allah.
 He was elected to represent Mecca in the Ottoman parliament in 1908, though he resigned before he ever served.
 After Sharif Husayn declared independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1916, he appointed Siraj as Chief Justice and Deputy Prime Minister of the Hejaz government.
 Siraj served as acting Prime Minister in lieu of Emir Ali until 1918.
 After Husayn abdicated the throne in 1924, Siraj held the office of Prime Minister during most of Ali's short reign, which ended with the Kingdom's surrender to the Saudi Sultanate of Nejd in 1925.
 He then migrated to the Jordan, where under Emir Abd Allah he served as Prime Minister from 1931 to 1933 while simultaneously holding the portfolios of Finance and the Interior Ministry, as well as the office of Chief Justice.
Samuel Tei "Sam" Abal (born 26 June 1958) is a Papua New Guinean politician.
 Abal, who previously served as Foreign Minister from August 2007 to December 2010, became the Deputy Prime Minister of the country in a cabinet reshuffle by Michael Somare on 7 December 2010.
 He further became acting Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea on 13 December 2010, when Prime Minister Somare stepped down from office to face a tribunal regarding allegations of financial mismanagement.
 His tenure as acting Prime Minister ended on 2 August 2011, when Peter O'Neill won a parliamentary vote to be appointed as Prime Minister.
Kamal Ganzouri (Arabic: كمال الجنزورى‎ ‎ , ] ‎; born 12 January 1933) is an Egyptian economist who served as Prime Minister of Egypt from 7 December 2011 to 24 July 2012.
 He previously served as prime minister from 1996 to 1999.
 He came to power in 1996 succeeding Atef Sedki, and was in turn succeeded by Atef Ebeid in 1999.
 He was branded "Minister of the Poor" and "the Opposition Minister" because of his way of dealing with limited income people and the opposition.
 Before becoming prime minister, Ganzouri served as Minister of Planning and International Cooperation.
 On 24 November 2011, Egypt's military rulers appointed him as prime minister.
 He was sworn in and took office on 7 December 2011.
Josip Manolić (] ; born 22 March 1920) is a Croatian politician and former high-ranking official of the State Security Administration (UDBA or UDSA) who was the Prime Minister of Croatia from 24 August 1990 to 17 July 1991.
 Croatia formally declared independence during his term, on 25 June 1991.
 Having taken office as Prime Minister at the age of 70 and having left the office at the age of 71, he is the oldest person to date to have served as Prime Minister of Croatia.
 Manolić is also the oldest currently living former prime minister at the age of and the longest-lived holder of the office.
 Following his brief term as Prime Minister he served as the first Speaker of the Chamber of Counties, the upper house of the Croatian Parliament, from 1993 until 1994.
The Swedish constitution of 1974 allows the Prime Minister of Sweden to appoint one of the Ministers in the cabinet as Deputy Prime Minister ("biträdande statsminister", also unofficially known as "vice statsminister", "Vice Prime Minister"), in case the Prime Minister for some reason is prevented from performing his or her duties.
 However, if a Deputy Prime Minister has not been appointed, the Minister in the cabinet who has served the longest time (and if there are several with equal experience the one who is oldest) takes over as head of government.
 Note that the person acting as Prime Minister does not do so on a permanent basis: if a Prime Minister dies, resigns or loses a vote of confidence in the Riksdag, the Speaker of the Riksdag will then confer with the parties of the Riksdag and propose a new Prime Minister, who must be tolerated by a majority of the Riksdag.
 If the Prime Minister has resigned or lost a vote of confidence, he or she will remain the head of a government "ad interim" until the new Prime Minister assumes his or her office.
 The only case where the governmental line of succession becomes relevant is when the Prime Minister dies (upon which the person next in the line of succession serves as the head of a government "ad interim") or when the Prime Minister is on leave or for any other reason incapable of serving, but still remains in office.
 This might be compared to the Presidential line of succession in the United States, where the person next in line assumes the Presidency throughout the remainder of the term if the President dies, resigns or is impeached.
