Elimination Chamber is a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event, produced by WWE, a professional wrestling promotion based in Connecticut.
 The event was created in 2010, with its inaugural event taking place on February 21, 2010, replacing No Way Out.
 Elimination Chamber is a pay-per-view (PPV) event consisting of a main event and undercard that features championship matches and other various matches.
 The concept of the show was that the two main event matches were contested inside the Elimination Chamber; one of these matches typically featured the WWE Championship being defended, while the other was usually contested for the World Heavyweight Championship (the two titles were unified in December 2013).
 The first Elimination Chamber event took place on February 21, 2010 and aired live on PPV.
 The event's name was selected after WWE allowed fans to provide input via a survey on their official website and was chosen over Heavy Metal, Battle Chamber, Chamber of Conflict, and the original No Way Out name.
 Since its origin, each event has been held in an indoor arena, with all five taking place in the United States.
 In 2015, the event was replaced by Fastlane in the February pay-per-view slot.
 However, the 2015 event was later announced to be streamed exclusively on the WWE Network in the United States on May 31 and was also available on PPV elsewhere.
 WWE also confirmed that the newly vacant WWE Intercontinental Championship was being decided inside the Elimination Chamber.
 The event did not occur in 2016, but returned in 2017 as a SmackDown branded event.
Taboo Tuesday (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and presented by AT&T which took place on October 19, 2004 at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
 It was the first annual Taboo Tuesday event, marking the first time in which the fans were given the chance to vote on stipulations for the matches.
 The voting for the event started on October 18, 2004 and ended during the event.
 Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card.
 The buildup to the matches and the scenarios that took place before, during, and after the event were planned by WWE's script writers.
 The event starred wrestlers from the Raw brand: a storyline expansion of the promotion where employees are assigned to a wrestling brand under the WWE banner.
Night of Champions (2013) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE.
 It took place on September 15, 2013 at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan.
 It was the seventh annual Night of Champions event, and the eighth pay-per-view in the 2013 lineup.
 This event marked the last WWE pay-per-view event took place at the Joe Louis Arena before its closure in 2017.
 The theme of this PPV was that every championship in WWE was defended.
 The event received 175,000 buys, down from the last year's event of 189,000.
Justice is the third studio album by the rock band Rev Theory, released on February 15, 2011 by Interscope Records.
 The first single, also titled "Justice," was released to iTunes and radio on October 25, 2010.
 "Justice" peaked at #5 in "Billboard" Hard Rock Albums chart and #75 in the "Billboard" 200.
 The album has sold 54,000 copies in the United States to date.
 The song Justice was used for WWE's Extreme Rules (2011).
 The song Hangman was used for the secondary theme song for WWE's SmackDown from 2009 to 2012.
Taboo Tuesday (2005) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on November 1, 2005, at the iPayOne Center in San Diego, California.
 It was the second annual Taboo Tuesday event in which the fans were given the chance to vote on stipulations for the matches.
 The voting for the event started on October 24, 2005, and ended during the event.
 Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card.
 The buildup to the matches and the scenarios that took place before, during, and after the event were planned by WWE's script writers.
 The event starred wrestlers from the Raw brand: a storyline expansion of the promotion where employees are assigned to a wrestling brand under the WWE banner.
NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn was a professional wrestling show in the NXT TakeOver series that took place on August 22, 2015.
 The NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn event was produced by WWE, showcasing its NXT developmental brand, and streamed live on the WWE Network.
 The event took place at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York - the first night of what was billed as a WWE "triple-header" at the arena, with SummerSlam taking place the following evening, and "Raw" the night after that.
 This was the first NXT TakeOver held outside of Full Sail University; WWE promoted it as NXT being "on the biggest stage yet".
 Starting with NXT Arrival on February 27, 2014, WWE's developmental league NXT has held major shows broadcast live on the WWE network, with the August event being the seventh event in the series and was sold out.
Clash of Champions was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event and WWE Network event produced by WWE.
 It took place on September 25, 2016 at the Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis, Indiana.
 It was the first WWE event under the Clash of Champions chronology, replacing Night of Champions.
 It was the first Raw branded event following the second WWE brand extension in July 2016.
Armageddon (2004) was the fifth annual Armageddon professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).
 It was presented by PlayStation, and took place on December 12, 2004, at the Gwinnett Center in the Atlanta suburb of Duluth, Georgia.
 Nine professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event's card.
 The event featured wrestlers and other talent from WWE's SmackDown!
 brand.
 It was the fifth annual Armageddon event.
 Professional wrestling is a type of sports entertainment in which theatrical events are combined with a competitive sport.
 The buildup to the matches and the scenarios that took place before, during, and after the event were planned by WWE's script writers.
 The event starred wrestlers from the SmackDown brand: storyline expansions of the promotion where employees are assigned to wrestling brands under the WWE banner.
WrestleMania XXX (also written as WrestleMania 30) was the thirtieth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE.
 It took place on April 6, 2014, at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana.
 It was the first WWE event simultaneously broadcast live on pay-per-view television and WWE's new streaming media service, the WWE Network.
 Seven professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event's card and one pre-show match was streamed on the WWE Network.
The Beast in the East was a professional wrestling event produced by WWE.
 It took place on July 4, 2015, at the Ryōgoku Kokugikan in Sumida, Tokyo, Japan.
 It aired live internationally on the WWE Network and live on J Sports in Japan.
 The replays of the event aired on J Sports 4 in Japan.
 Additionally, it would be available on demand on both the WWE Network and J Sports.
 It was also the first WWE event to be broadcast live from Japan.
 The Beast in the East was available to subscribers of the WWE Network, in over 140 countries.
