"Highway 40 Blues" is a song written by Larry Cordle, and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs.
 It was released in March 1983 as the third single from the album "Highways & Heartaches".
 "Highway 40 Blues" was Ricky Skaggs' fifth number one on the country chart and his fifth consecutive number one.
 The single stayed at number one for one week and spent a total of twelve weeks on the chart.
Honey (Open That Door)" is a song written by Mel Tillis and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs.
 It was originally a non-charted single by Webb Pierce that was released in 1974.
 It was released in February 1984 as the second single from the album "Don't Cheat in Our Hometown".
 "Honey (Open That Door)" was Ricky Skaggs' seventh number one on the country chart.
 The single stayed at number one for one week and spent a total of eleven weeks on the country chart.
"Lovin' Only Me" is a song written by Hillary Kanter and Even Stevens, and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs.
 It was released in February 1989 as the first single from the album "Kentucky Thunder".
 "Lovin' Only Me" was Ricky Skaggs' twelfth and final number one on the country chart.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of fifteen weeks on the country chart.
"Country Boy" is a song written by Tony Colton, Albert Lee, and Ray Smith of the British band Heads Hands & Feet, and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs.
 It was released in February 1985 as the second single and title track from the album "Country Boy".
 The song was Ricky Skaggs' ninth number-one country hit.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart.
"Uncle Pen" is a song written and originally recorded by bluegrass legend Bill Monroe.
 Besides Monroe, the song was recorded by Porter Wagoner in 1956, Goose Creek Symphony in 1971, Michael Nesmith of "The Monkees" in 1973 on his solo album "Pretty Much Your Standard Ranch Stash," and Ricky Skaggs in 1984.
 "Uncle Pen" was Ricky Skaggs' ninth number one single on the country chart.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart.
 Bill Monroe played a character named "Uncle Pen" disappointed at the citification of Ricky Skaggs in the 1985 video for "Country Boy".
 The improvisational-rock band Phish has performed their cover version of Uncle Pen over 200 times in the band's 30-year career.
"Cajun Moon' is a song written by Jim Rushing, and recorded by American country artist Ricky Skaggs.
 It was released in January 1986 as the second single from the album "Live in London".
 "Cajun Moon" was Ricky Skaggs' tenth number one on the country chart.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent thirteen weeks on the country chart.
Jason Sellers (born March 4, 1971) is an American country music artist.
 After several years of touring the United States in his family's band, Sellers joined the road band of Ricky Skaggs.
 By 1997, he was signed to a recording contract with BNA Records, for whom he recorded two studio albums: 1997's "I'm Your Man" and 1999's "A Matter of Time".
 These two albums produced five singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts; each album's title track reached Top 40 on that chart.
 Although he has not recorded any albums since "A Matter of Time", Jason has had continued success as a songwriter, with acts such as Lonestar, Kenny Chesney, and Montgomery Gentry having recorded his songs.
 In addition, he holds several credits as a session background vocalist.
"I Wouldn't Change You If I Could" is a song written by Paul Jones and Arthur Q. Smith, and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs, as well as Reno & Smiley and Jim Eanes.
 It was released in January 1983 as the second single from the album "Highways & Heartaches".
 "I Wouldn't Change You If I Could" was Ricky Skaggs' fourth number one on the country chart.
 The single stayed at number one for one week and spent a total of twelve weeks on the country chart.
"Heartbreak Hurricane" is a song written by Larry Cordle and Jim Rushing, and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs.
 It was released in December 1989 as the third single from the album "Kentucky Thunder".
 The song reached No. 13 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
"Don't Cheat in Our Hometown" is a song written by Ray Pennington and Roy E. Marcum, and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs.
 It was released in November 1983 as the first single and title track from the album "Don't Cheat in Our Hometown".
 The song was Ricky Skaggs' sixth number one country hit.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of twelve weeks on the country chart.
